Finally , four years before the accident , the company paid her claim .	Finally , four years after the accident , the company paid her claim .	prep_postp:before:after	0
Just four days before its release , Lucid sold its first 1,000 cases .	Just four days after its release , Lucid sold its first 1,000 cases .	prep_postp:before:after	1
More cuts could be announced before the year 's end , he said .	More cuts could be announced after the year 's end , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	2
Chavez was restored to power before massive street protests .	Chavez was restored to power after massive street protests .	prep_postp:before:after	3
Islet-cell transplants often fail before a year .	Islet-cell transplants often fail after a year .	prep_postp:before:after	4
Stephanie 's thumbprint was found inside before extensive forensic examinations .	Stephanie 's thumbprint was found inside after extensive forensic examinations .	prep_postp:before:after	5
Before months of turmoil , Mr. Murphy retaliated by staging a legal coup .	After months of turmoil , Mr. Murphy retaliated by staging a legal coup .	prep_postp:before:after	6
He went 8-5 before his third season at LSU .	He went 8-5 during his third season at LSU .	prep_postp:before:during	7
His assistant said he was beaten before the demonstration .	His assistant said he was beaten during the demonstration .	prep_postp:before:during	8
It arrested more than 400 Fatah loyalists before the rally .	It arrested more than 400 Fatah loyalists after the rally .	prep_postp:before:after	9
They called home a few weeks before the attacks , their voices urgent .	They called home a few weeks after the attacks , their voices urgent .	prep_postp:before:after	10
American deaths surpassed the 80 mark before only two months of 2006 .	American deaths surpassed the 80 mark during only two months of 2006 .	prep_postp:before:during	11
This year Thanksgiving comes just six weeks before the Iowa caucuses .	This year Thanksgiving comes just six weeks after the Iowa caucuses .	prep_postp:before:after	12
Before some eggs and burnt toast , Yeager seems more at ease .	After some eggs and burnt toast , Yeager seems more at ease .	prep_postp:before:after	13
AAADT last performed in Scotland in 2005 , before a 30-year absence .	AAADT last performed in Scotland in 2005 , after a 30-year absence .	prep_postp:before:after	14
An 11-year-old boy has been rushed to hospital before a hit-and-run collision .	An 11-year-old boy has been rushed to hospital after a hit-and-run collision .	prep_postp:before:after	15
Neither commented before the meeting .	Neither commented after the meeting .	prep_postp:before:after	16
They were reported missing sometime before that .	They were reported missing sometime after that .	prep_postp:before:after	17
About Boys & Girls Clubs of Cleveland Fingernails and hair grow before death .	About Boys & Girls Clubs of Cleveland Fingernails and hair grow after death .	prep_postp:before:after	18
The Security Council is not expected to take up the issue before October .	The Security Council is not expected to take up the issue after October .	prep_postp:before:after	19
Before that , it is 13.4 percent .	After that , it is 13.4 percent .	prep_postp:before:after	20
Typically the animals seek out the crops just before harvest time .	Typically the animals seek out the crops just after harvest time .	prep_postp:before:after	21
He was taken to hospital by ambulance before the rescue on Thursday .	He was taken to hospital by ambulance after the rescue on Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	22
Three months before elections , Belgium still has no government .	Three months after elections , Belgium still has no government .	prep_postp:before:after	23
Nadal had both knees taped before the match .	Nadal had both knees taped during the match .	prep_postp:before:during	24
A man has died in hospital before a road accident near Boroughbridge .	A man has died in hospital after a road accident near Boroughbridge .	prep_postp:before:after	25
St. Louis catcher Yadier Molina left with flulike symptoms before the fifth .	St. Louis catcher Yadier Molina left with flulike symptoms after the fifth .	prep_postp:before:after	26
They 'll just be veterans , and that happens before every war .	They 'll just be veterans , and that happens after every war .	prep_postp:before:after	27
" I love Mexican food , " he said before his victory .	" I love Mexican food , " he said after his victory .	prep_postp:before:after	28
A man has appeared before magistrates in Cumbria , accused of drug offences .	A man has appeared after magistrates in Cumbria , accused of drug offences .	prep_postp:before:after	29
Before that time , most of my job is clerical .	During that time , most of my job is clerical .	prep_postp:before:during	30
Moves to resuscitate the project were cut short before Hamas ' rise .	Moves to resuscitate the project were cut short after Hamas ' rise .	prep_postp:before:after	31
Bush is speaking before thousands of veterans Tuesday at the American Legion convention .	Bush is speaking after thousands of veterans Tuesday at the American Legion convention .	prep_postp:before:after	32
Naseem Haque , nine , met William before the class .	Naseem Haque , nine , met William during the class .	prep_postp:before:during	33
Eighteen years before her death , they are still writing books about her .	Eighteen years after her death , they are still writing books about her .	prep_postp:before:after	34
Before a July of rain and floods , the sun came out .	After a July of rain and floods , the sun came out .	prep_postp:before:after	35
Two gay marriage cases are pending before high courts in Connecticut and California .	Two gay marriage cases are pending after high courts in Connecticut and California .	prep_postp:before:after	36
Police said nothing was stolen before the incident .	Police said nothing was stolen during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	37
Well , beauty seems to be going before age in this competition .	Well , beauty seems to be going after age in this competition .	prep_postp:before:after	38
The woman was airlifted to Selly Oak Hospital in Birmingham before the crash .	The woman was airlifted to Selly Oak Hospital in Birmingham after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	39
Rebel groups have held talks with the government before with only limited success .	Rebel groups have held talks with the government after with only limited success .	prep_postp:before:after	40
Q : Will the Mariners pick up some starting pitching before the off-season ?	Q : Will the Mariners pick up some starting pitching during the off-season ?	prep_postp:before:during	41
The day before that , we went to the slave dungeons .	The day after that , we went to the slave dungeons .	prep_postp:before:after	42
Abe apologized to the party in a message read before Fukuda 's selection .	Abe apologized to the party in a message read after Fukuda 's selection .	prep_postp:before:after	43
Tempted to stay out all night before Monday Mas ?	Tempted to stay out all night after Monday Mas ?	prep_postp:before:after	44
To the mother who took him in before his divorce .	To the mother who took him in after his divorce .	prep_postp:before:after	45
Mr. Wolfowitz resigned in May before a furor over his ethics .	Mr. Wolfowitz resigned in May after a furor over his ethics .	prep_postp:before:after	46
Q : My boyfriend shushes me before sex .	Q : My boyfriend shushes me during sex .	prep_postp:before:during	47
Michael Gagnon stopped at a fast-food restaurant just before the crash .	Michael Gagnon stopped at a fast-food restaurant just after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	48
Fletcher at times sounded confused before the telephone interview .	Fletcher at times sounded confused during the telephone interview .	prep_postp:before:during	49
Before the Enola Gay flight , the Japanese did not lay down arms .	After the Enola Gay flight , the Japanese did not lay down arms .	prep_postp:before:after	50
He says he basically partied for a year before his big win .	He says he basically partied for a year after his big win .	prep_postp:before:after	51
And that was all before halftime .	And that was all after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	52
Zuma responded defiantly at press conference before his election as ANC president .	Zuma responded defiantly at press conference after his election as ANC president .	prep_postp:before:after	53
Before the game , everyone will have plenty of chances to mourn .	After the game , everyone will have plenty of chances to mourn .	prep_postp:before:after	54
Before last season , Pace had been to seven straight Pro Bowls .	After last season , Pace had been to seven straight Pro Bowls .	prep_postp:before:after	55
More than 200 applications were received in the final days before the deadline .	More than 200 applications were received in the final days after the deadline .	prep_postp:before:after	56
Before the first session , we came back .	After the first session , we came back .	prep_postp:before:after	57
The girl 's mobile phone was stolen by the youth before the attack .	The girl 's mobile phone was stolen by the youth after the attack .	prep_postp:before:after	58
President Bush also spoke to a crowd of cheering troops before his visit .	President Bush also spoke to a crowd of cheering troops during his visit .	prep_postp:before:during	59
At 6 : 30pm there is ad space available before Entertainment Tonight .	At 6 : 30pm there is ad space available during Entertainment Tonight .	prep_postp:before:during	60
Mr Smith is due to appear before magistrates at the end of October .	Mr Smith is due to appear after magistrates at the end of October .	prep_postp:before:after	61
Drilling results on all three projects are expected before the fourth quarter .	Drilling results on all three projects are expected during the fourth quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	62
Rodriguez also laughed it off before the game .	Rodriguez also laughed it off after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	63
The Degas , Before the Bath , was painted around 1896 .	The Degas , After the Bath , was painted around 1896 .	prep_postp:before:after	64
Attorney General-nominee Michael Mukasey testifies before the Senate Judiciary Committee .	Attorney General-nominee Michael Mukasey testifies after the Senate Judiciary Committee .	prep_postp:before:after	65
That hotel made its debut before a two-year delay because of construction difficulties .	That hotel made its debut after a two-year delay because of construction difficulties .	prep_postp:before:after	66
The steps were gated before the accident .	The steps were gated after the accident .	prep_postp:before:after	67
It may sound backward : The cuffs go on before the shooting .	It may sound backward : The cuffs go on after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	68
LaSalle Parish prosecutor Reed Walters reduced the charges just before the trial .	LaSalle Parish prosecutor Reed Walters reduced the charges just after the trial .	prep_postp:before:after	69
Is The World Safer Before War On Terror ?	Is The World Safer After War On Terror ?	prep_postp:before:after	70
Mr. Zubkov made no public announcement immediately before his nomination .	Mr. Zubkov made no public announcement immediately after his nomination .	prep_postp:before:after	71
In my experience , no one is really happy before a final hearing .	In my experience , no one is really happy after a final hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	72
The Met denies exposing the public to risk before the operation .	The Met denies exposing the public to risk during the operation .	prep_postp:before:during	73
The only momentary chances came before the drivers ' two pit stops .	The only momentary chances came during the drivers ' two pit stops .	prep_postp:before:during	74
What important historical events have taken place before your lifetime ?	What important historical events have taken place during your lifetime ?	prep_postp:before:during	75
Byrd apologized to his teammates and met with them individually before Game 7 .	Byrd apologized to his teammates and met with them individually after Game 7 .	prep_postp:before:after	76
Before that , he would need to return to the corporate world .	After that , he would need to return to the corporate world .	prep_postp:before:after	77
She returned to Pakistan last month before several years in exile .	She returned to Pakistan last month after several years in exile .	prep_postp:before:after	78
It is also known that rats die before several days of sleep deprivation .	It is also known that rats die after several days of sleep deprivation .	prep_postp:before:after	79
Germany made its presentation before Canada .	Germany made its presentation after Canada .	prep_postp:before:after	80
The alarm can be switched off by wardens before normal working hours .	The alarm can be switched off by wardens during normal working hours .	prep_postp:before:during	81
Iraqis suffered two cholera outbreaks before the 1990s .	Iraqis suffered two cholera outbreaks during the 1990s .	prep_postp:before:during	82
Before the summer and fall , Binney focused on both supply and demand .	During the summer and fall , Binney focused on both supply and demand .	prep_postp:before:during	83
Before that , Francis said , Bryant would say nothing .	After that , Francis said , Bryant would say nothing .	prep_postp:before:after	84
Currently they can retire two and half years before everyone else .	Currently they can retire two and half years after everyone else .	prep_postp:before:after	85
Hair and fingernails continue to grow before death .	Hair and fingernails continue to grow after death .	prep_postp:before:after	86
A small increase in strength is possible before the next day .	A small increase in strength is possible during the next day .	prep_postp:before:during	87
, said in an interview before the floor debate .	, said in an interview during the floor debate .	prep_postp:before:during	88
Stockman resigned a week before the bankruptcy filing .	Stockman resigned a week after the bankruptcy filing .	prep_postp:before:after	89
He declined comment before his appearance on Monday .	He declined comment after his appearance on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	90
Before a few days , up to 90 % has been lost .	After a few days , up to 90 % has been lost .	prep_postp:before:after	91
Before that time , she has scheduled no outside meetings .	During that time , she has scheduled no outside meetings .	prep_postp:before:during	92
He injured his left shoulder before a crash Sunday .	He injured his left shoulder during a crash Sunday .	prep_postp:before:during	93
The chain came off her bike before a climb late in the race .	The chain came off her bike during a climb late in the race .	prep_postp:before:during	94
Grady Sizemore 's RBI single tied the score before Chris Gomez 's double .	Grady Sizemore 's RBI single tied the score after Chris Gomez 's double .	prep_postp:before:after	95
The goal was allowed before a lengthy replay .	The goal was allowed after a lengthy replay .	prep_postp:before:after	96
And it makes him sleepy , especially before lunch .	And it makes him sleepy , especially after lunch .	prep_postp:before:after	97
She was left limping before an early collision with Carli Lloyd .	She was left limping after an early collision with Carli Lloyd .	prep_postp:before:after	98
Alongside that has been the huge technological change before the reign of Elizabeth .	Alongside that has been the huge technological change during the reign of Elizabeth .	prep_postp:before:during	99
Before a sluggish fall , Hollywood business soared for the second- straight weekend .	After a sluggish fall , Hollywood business soared for the second- straight weekend .	prep_postp:before:after	100
The stock closed at $ 26.69 before the regular session .	The stock closed at $ 26.69 during the regular session .	prep_postp:before:during	101
The primary endpoint is seroprotection four weeks before the third vaccination .	The primary endpoint is seroprotection four weeks after the third vaccination .	prep_postp:before:after	102
Before the session in Annapolis , talks return to Washington on Wednesday .	After the session in Annapolis , talks return to Washington on Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	103
Athletes can be suspended immediately before a positive A sample .	Athletes can be suspended immediately after a positive A sample .	prep_postp:before:after	104
Local residents say that Sir Paul is not mobbed before his visits .	Local residents say that Sir Paul is not mobbed during his visits .	prep_postp:before:during	105
Before Powerball , Whittaker and his wife went to church together .	After Powerball , Whittaker and his wife went to church together .	prep_postp:before:after	106
Russell was expected to hold a news conference before practice Wednesday afternoon .	Russell was expected to hold a news conference after practice Wednesday afternoon .	prep_postp:before:after	107
Before years of human rights abuses and misrule , foreign aid was suspended .	After years of human rights abuses and misrule , foreign aid was suspended .	prep_postp:before:after	108
Mike Huckabee raises campaign cash in Florida before campaigning in Iowa .	Mike Huckabee raises campaign cash in Florida after campaigning in Iowa .	prep_postp:before:after	109
It could come before city leaders on Wednesday .	It could come after city leaders on Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	110
It would be a well-deserved refreshment before a day 's mountain biking .	It would be a well-deserved refreshment after a day 's mountain biking .	prep_postp:before:after	111
Again , customers were told their interactive sites could reopen before the congress .	Again , customers were told their interactive sites could reopen after the congress .	prep_postp:before:after	112
Devout Muslims avoid eating or drinking from dawn until sunset before the month .	Devout Muslims avoid eating or drinking from dawn until sunset during the month .	prep_postp:before:during	113
Two days before that , Comcast cut off all their service .	Two days after that , Comcast cut off all their service .	prep_postp:before:after	114
Schools in Broward County were under lockdown for several hours before the incident .	Schools in Broward County were under lockdown for several hours during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	115
He is expected to formally launch his candidacy shortly before Labor Day .	He is expected to formally launch his candidacy shortly after Labor Day .	prep_postp:before:after	116
He named the neighborhood before a Mormon magazine , the Ensign .	He named the neighborhood after a Mormon magazine , the Ensign .	prep_postp:before:after	117
Sidra Afzal needed 50 stitches before an operation last June .	Sidra Afzal needed 50 stitches after an operation last June .	prep_postp:before:after	118
Williams retired 11 consecutive batters before the shaky start .	Williams retired 11 consecutive batters after the shaky start .	prep_postp:before:after	119
is not on the cards before early next year .	is not on the cards after early next year .	prep_postp:before:after	120
The bus was found three days before Tuesday 's landslide .	The bus was found three days after Tuesday 's landslide .	prep_postp:before:after	121
Before the flight , Cheney finally spent a few minutes talking to us .	During the flight , Cheney finally spent a few minutes talking to us .	prep_postp:before:during	122
Some of those musicians then tour with works prepared before the summer .	Some of those musicians then tour with works prepared during the summer .	prep_postp:before:during	123
He was tried before a specially-convened High Court of Justice .	He was tried after a specially-convened High Court of Justice .	prep_postp:before:after	124
Before dinner , there was another group meeting , then one-on-one therapy .	After dinner , there was another group meeting , then one-on-one therapy .	prep_postp:before:after	125
The consultation started just before the summer holidays .	The consultation started just after the summer holidays .	prep_postp:before:after	126
He injured his neck in a collision before a 1991 game .	He injured his neck in a collision during a 1991 game .	prep_postp:before:during	127
Steinbrenner left the ballpark before the seventh inning .	Steinbrenner left the ballpark after the seventh inning .	prep_postp:before:after	128
They changed their stories before conversations with federal prosecutors .	They changed their stories after conversations with federal prosecutors .	prep_postp:before:after	129
That makes it the second deadliest province before Baghdad .	That makes it the second deadliest province after Baghdad .	prep_postp:before:after	130
But before that , schedules will run into trouble .	But after that , schedules will run into trouble .	prep_postp:before:after	131
No opinion polls can be published two weeks before elections .	No opinion polls can be published two weeks after elections .	prep_postp:before:after	132
Before 300m , Woodruff recalled , he found himself trapped .	After 300m , Woodruff recalled , he found himself trapped .	prep_postp:before:after	133
Imagine if it happened before your ten o 'clock corporate accounting class .	Imagine if it happened during your ten o 'clock corporate accounting class .	prep_postp:before:during	134
But before a spike in June , violence in Baghdad began to ebb .	But after a spike in June , violence in Baghdad began to ebb .	prep_postp:before:after	135
Nowak denied ever nodding before pauses in conversation with Becton .	Nowak denied ever nodding during pauses in conversation with Becton .	prep_postp:before:during	136
, saw its business surge before the Virginia Tech rampage .	, saw its business surge after the Virginia Tech rampage .	prep_postp:before:after	137
I put work before the relationship , which I always seem to do .	I put work after the relationship , which I always seem to do .	prep_postp:before:after	138
Before the quarter , U.S. sales were down 5.5 percent .	During the quarter , U.S. sales were down 5.5 percent .	prep_postp:before:during	139
Fraser Terrace gained notoriety before a series of tragic deaths in 2004 .	Fraser Terrace gained notoriety after a series of tragic deaths in 2004 .	prep_postp:before:after	140
The turkeys will ship directly to consumers ' homes before November 14th .	The turkeys will ship directly to consumers ' homes after November 14th .	prep_postp:before:after	141
No less important is the day before Annapolis .	No less important is the day after Annapolis .	prep_postp:before:after	142
( b ) EBIT is defined as earnings before interest and taxes .	( b ) EBIT is defined as earnings after interest and taxes .	prep_postp:before:after	143
A division had also emerged before the summit between Saudi Arabia and Iran .	A division had also emerged during the summit between Saudi Arabia and Iran .	prep_postp:before:during	144
Something which seemed to be on everyone 's minds before the match .	Something which seemed to be on everyone 's minds after the match .	prep_postp:before:after	145
... A year before its launch , it reaches 100 million households worldwide .	... A year after its launch , it reaches 100 million households worldwide .	prep_postp:before:after	146
Your feet swell a little bit before the day .	Your feet swell a little bit during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	147
The Iraq War commander refused to say what would happen before that .	The Iraq War commander refused to say what would happen after that .	prep_postp:before:after	148
Before its buyout , analysts questioned whether CIFG could guarantee its deteriorating mortgages .	After its buyout , analysts questioned whether CIFG could guarantee its deteriorating mortgages .	prep_postp:before:after	149
Both defendants on Thursday waived their right to appear before a judge .	Both defendants on Thursday waived their right to appear after a judge .	prep_postp:before:after	150
Before a sluggish fall , Hollywood business soared for the second-straight weekend .	After a sluggish fall , Hollywood business soared for the second-straight weekend .	prep_postp:before:after	151
Israel captured Jerusalem 's Old City from Jordan before the 1967 Mideast war .	Israel captured Jerusalem 's Old City from Jordan during the 1967 Mideast war .	prep_postp:before:during	152
Her three-person crew drove an average of 24,000 miles before the six-month season .	Her three-person crew drove an average of 24,000 miles during the six-month season .	prep_postp:before:during	153
Before another scramble , Taylor plunged into the end zone from inches out .	After another scramble , Taylor plunged into the end zone from inches out .	prep_postp:before:after	154
It is a blur before that .	It is a blur after that .	prep_postp:before:after	155
Mr Trichet was governor of the Bank of France before the 1990s .	Mr Trichet was governor of the Bank of France during the 1990s .	prep_postp:before:during	156
She found it before his death .	She found it after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	157
The organization paid him $ 21 million in October before a debt restructuring .	The organization paid him $ 21 million in October after a debt restructuring .	prep_postp:before:after	158
That prevents them being mistaken for insurgents before nighttime operations .	That prevents them being mistaken for insurgents during nighttime operations .	prep_postp:before:during	159
Instead , the Manchester United man turned villain before the break .	Instead , the Manchester United man turned villain after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	160
Turks traditionally turn their coffee cups upside down before drinking .	Turks traditionally turn their coffee cups upside down after drinking .	prep_postp:before:after	161
More than 850 people have been killed in ETA-related violence before that time .	More than 850 people have been killed in ETA-related violence during that time .	prep_postp:before:during	162
That is about 20 fewer than scheduled for each hour before that window .	That is about 20 fewer than scheduled for each hour during that window .	prep_postp:before:during	163
It is the nicest place in the world before Mallorca .	It is the nicest place in the world after Mallorca .	prep_postp:before:after	164
Petraeus elaborated before the National Press Club on Wednesday .	Petraeus elaborated after the National Press Club on Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	165
And how to argue with her before the events of Sunday morning ?	And how to argue with her after the events of Sunday morning ?	prep_postp:before:after	166
Hunter won his seventh straight with Minnesota before filing for free agency .	Hunter won his seventh straight with Minnesota after filing for free agency .	prep_postp:before:after	167
That was as close as Dallas would before the half .	That was as close as Dallas would after the half .	prep_postp:before:after	168
He did not speaking before the Chancellor 's statement .	He did not speaking during the Chancellor 's statement .	prep_postp:before:during	169
Before the attack , the two boys managed to get a taxi home .	After the attack , the two boys managed to get a taxi home .	prep_postp:before:after	170
Massa wins while Alonso is third and Raikkonen retires before just nine laps .	Massa wins while Alonso is third and Raikkonen retires after just nine laps .	prep_postp:before:after	171
South Wales Police said there was no police involvement before Saturday 's collision .	South Wales Police said there was no police involvement after Saturday 's collision .	prep_postp:before:after	172
Even before October 's brutal 23 % one-day drop , Jones remained apocalyptic .	Even after October 's brutal 23 % one-day drop , Jones remained apocalyptic .	prep_postp:before:after	173
This embarrassment came before a 41-6 loss at Missouri last week .	This embarrassment came after a 41-6 loss at Missouri last week .	prep_postp:before:after	174
Nigeria had other problems before the game .	Nigeria had other problems after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	175
The results show is pre-recorded before Saturday evening 's live show .	The results show is pre-recorded after Saturday evening 's live show .	prep_postp:before:after	176
He was explaining the details before an appearance Friday in New Hampshire .	He was explaining the details during an appearance Friday in New Hampshire .	prep_postp:before:during	177
He will make some campaign appearances with her before year 's end .	He will make some campaign appearances with her after year 's end .	prep_postp:before:after	178
... Essilor acquired nine companies or their assets before the first half .	... Essilor acquired nine companies or their assets during the first half .	prep_postp:before:during	179
The Clintonites spent the ' 90s negotiating one trade deal before another .	The Clintonites spent the ' 90s negotiating one trade deal after another .	prep_postp:before:after	180
Before the handouts , they were about equal .	After the handouts , they were about equal .	prep_postp:before:after	181
It recurred before the 2004-05 season .	It recurred during the 2004-05 season .	prep_postp:before:during	182
So calm that she tried to have the operation before her world tour .	So calm that she tried to have the operation after her world tour .	prep_postp:before:after	183
Killings was hurt in a head-on collision before a second-quarter kickoff .	Killings was hurt in a head-on collision during a second-quarter kickoff .	prep_postp:before:during	184
Royal Mail has advised customers to avoid posting letters before the strike action .	Royal Mail has advised customers to avoid posting letters during the strike action .	prep_postp:before:during	185
Before a straightforward first period , things turned strange .	After a straightforward first period , things turned strange .	prep_postp:before:after	186
A 67-year-old Palestinian woman collapsed and died before the protests , reports said .	A 67-year-old Palestinian woman collapsed and died during the protests , reports said .	prep_postp:before:during	187
They were the first reported deaths in unrest before the state of emergency .	They were the first reported deaths in unrest during the state of emergency .	prep_postp:before:during	188
It was released before their interview on Spanish TV about Madeleine .	It was released after their interview on Spanish TV about Madeleine .	prep_postp:before:after	189
She had a heart attack before a massive blood loss , Davis said .	She had a heart attack after a massive blood loss , Davis said .	prep_postp:before:after	190
Before that , they were just things left at the memorial .	After that , they were just things left at the memorial .	prep_postp:before:after	191
Before that , they would be free to seek work elsewhere .	After that , they would be free to seek work elsewhere .	prep_postp:before:after	192
Before their rescue , Shawn and Ben were returned to their parents .	After their rescue , Shawn and Ben were returned to their parents .	prep_postp:before:after	193
The victims typically survive before a short , harrowing , ordeal .	The victims typically survive after a short , harrowing , ordeal .	prep_postp:before:after	194
Before several hours , he could solve it with a cheat sheet .	After several hours , he could solve it with a cheat sheet .	prep_postp:before:after	195
Bower was forced to resign before a disappointing regular season .	Bower was forced to resign after a disappointing regular season .	prep_postp:before:after	196
Downie 's feet left the ice before the violent collision .	Downie 's feet left the ice after the violent collision .	prep_postp:before:after	197
Business quickly dried up before the law against illegal immigrants .	Business quickly dried up after the law against illegal immigrants .	prep_postp:before:after	198
Both teams were booed off the field before a poor first half .	Both teams were booed off the field after a poor first half .	prep_postp:before:after	199
The prospectus should be read carefully before investing .	The prospectus should be read carefully after investing .	prep_postp:before:after	200
He was decorated more than 16 times before his career as a soldier .	He was decorated more than 16 times during his career as a soldier .	prep_postp:before:during	201
The Lion House was closed for more than six months before that incident .	The Lion House was closed for more than six months after that incident .	prep_postp:before:after	202
He was jailed for life for her murder before a trial in 2005 .	He was jailed for life for her murder after a trial in 2005 .	prep_postp:before:after	203
Before puberty , the condition is even more common , he tells WebMD .	During puberty , the condition is even more common , he tells WebMD .	prep_postp:before:during	204
Before that , there was a lot less questioning going on .	After that , there was a lot less questioning going on .	prep_postp:before:after	205
Before the seventh one , I could not feel my body anymore .	After the seventh one , I could not feel my body anymore .	prep_postp:before:after	206
Sunday , seven hours before kickoff , Springs arose suddenly .	Sunday , seven hours after kickoff , Springs arose suddenly .	prep_postp:before:after	207
The disgruntled neighbor that moves in before the fact .	The disgruntled neighbor that moves in after the fact .	prep_postp:before:after	208
Before the call , the two-year-old was missing .	After the call , the two-year-old was missing .	prep_postp:before:after	209
Before Clark , Cannings and Patel , another bizarre case was overturned .	After Clark , Cannings and Patel , another bizarre case was overturned .	prep_postp:before:after	210
Mr. Walker said the press tour would still have relevance before a strike .	Mr. Walker said the press tour would still have relevance during a strike .	prep_postp:before:during	211
He had just come out of hospital before treatment for drug poisoning .	He had just come out of hospital after treatment for drug poisoning .	prep_postp:before:after	212
The rape left me pregnant and I developed obstetric fistula before the birth .	The rape left me pregnant and I developed obstetric fistula during the birth .	prep_postp:before:during	213
Nikolay Davydenko stretches to return before his win against Fernando Gonzalez in Shanghai .	Nikolay Davydenko stretches to return during his win against Fernando Gonzalez in Shanghai .	prep_postp:before:during	214
He is due to appear before magistrates on Thursday .	He is due to appear after magistrates on Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	215
Beckham was not made available to reporters before the game .	Beckham was not made available to reporters after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	216
The sea resort of Cox 's Bazar was deserted before Wednesday 's warning .	The sea resort of Cox 's Bazar was deserted after Wednesday 's warning .	prep_postp:before:after	217
Before much of Mohammed 's hearing , he spoke in English .	During much of Mohammed 's hearing , he spoke in English .	prep_postp:before:during	218
The day before the shooting , his mother had also died .	The day after the shooting , his mother had also died .	prep_postp:before:after	219
I hope they can be here before tomorrow .	I hope they can be here after tomorrow .	prep_postp:before:after	220
He was suspended from the Conservative Party before his arrest .	He was suspended from the Conservative Party after his arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	221
No one was hurt before the incident .	No one was hurt during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	222
It had been required reading before rehearsals .	It had been required reading during rehearsals .	prep_postp:before:during	223
That mast was never examined before any of the official investigations .	That mast was never examined during any of the official investigations .	prep_postp:before:during	224
Gun Seized Before Katrina ?	Gun Seized After Katrina ?	prep_postp:before:after	225
Before an Auburn punt , Tebow hooked up with Harvin for 52 yards .	After an Auburn punt , Tebow hooked up with Harvin for 52 yards .	prep_postp:before:after	226
Jonny Wilkinson kicks for goal before England 's 14-9 semifinal win against France .	Jonny Wilkinson kicks for goal during England 's 14-9 semifinal win against France .	prep_postp:before:during	227
Not every college is making changes before recent alcohol-related incidents .	Not every college is making changes after recent alcohol-related incidents .	prep_postp:before:after	228
McClaren took over from Sven-Goran Eriksson before last year 's World Cup .	McClaren took over from Sven-Goran Eriksson after last year 's World Cup .	prep_postp:before:after	229
The ruling comes before Spears ' custody battle with ex-husband Kevin Federline .	The ruling comes during Spears ' custody battle with ex-husband Kevin Federline .	prep_postp:before:during	230
Bush asked lawmakers to approve the request before the holidays .	Bush asked lawmakers to approve the request after the holidays .	prep_postp:before:after	231
He told officers that he had accidentally strangled Ms. Levin before rough sex .	He told officers that he had accidentally strangled Ms. Levin during rough sex .	prep_postp:before:during	232
Before the protests , the government banned gatherings of more than five people .	After the protests , the government banned gatherings of more than five people .	prep_postp:before:after	233
" Tim Burton 's the Nightmare Before Christmas , " $ 5.1 million .	" Tim Burton 's the Nightmare After Christmas , " $ 5.1 million .	prep_postp:before:after	234
At 7 a.m. before a diaper change , Jason began crying very hard .	At 7 a.m. during a diaper change , Jason began crying very hard .	prep_postp:before:during	235
" The Cherokee suffered mightily before this period , " Gragson said .	" The Cherokee suffered mightily during this period , " Gragson said .	prep_postp:before:during	236
Donovan drove the Badgers to a field goal just before halftime .	Donovan drove the Badgers to a field goal just after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	237
Before his slow start , Taylor proved worthy of his considerable hype .	After his slow start , Taylor proved worthy of his considerable hype .	prep_postp:before:after	238
Cameron said he spoke briefly to Parcells before practice .	Cameron said he spoke briefly to Parcells during practice .	prep_postp:before:during	239
Death rates fell by 2 percent before that period .	Death rates fell by 2 percent during that period .	prep_postp:before:during	240
He served in a string of parishes before St. Stephen .	He served in a string of parishes after St. Stephen .	prep_postp:before:after	241
Eight , for instance , argued cases before the United States Supreme Court .	Eight , for instance , argued cases after the United States Supreme Court .	prep_postp:before:after	242
Skin is also exposed before the day to pollution and oils .	Skin is also exposed during the day to pollution and oils .	prep_postp:before:during	243
I spoke with Ms. Raffensperger briefly before the holidays .	I spoke with Ms. Raffensperger briefly after the holidays .	prep_postp:before:after	244
Birkhead acknowledged meeting with Cosby several times before Smith 's death in February .	Birkhead acknowledged meeting with Cosby several times after Smith 's death in February .	prep_postp:before:after	245
We had heard about Turin before the Olympics .	We had heard about Turin after the Olympics .	prep_postp:before:after	246
Benson and the officers subdued Hiraman before a brief struggle , he said .	Benson and the officers subdued Hiraman after a brief struggle , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	247
Ten years before his death , her pain remains intense .	Ten years after his death , her pain remains intense .	prep_postp:before:after	248
By comparison , Montgomery County recorded 245 foreclosures before the same quarter .	By comparison , Montgomery County recorded 245 foreclosures during the same quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	249
See the heavens through a large telescope before the lecture , weather permitting .	See the heavens through a large telescope after the lecture , weather permitting .	prep_postp:before:after	250
Before that , the Bulldogs ' offense ran out of answers .	After that , the Bulldogs ' offense ran out of answers .	prep_postp:before:after	251
But before a while , as you get older , you get smarter .	But after a while , as you get older , you get smarter .	prep_postp:before:after	252
Tim is in a brace before a paragliding accident .	Tim is in a brace after a paragliding accident .	prep_postp:before:after	253
Media did not see Shakeri before the visit Tuesday .	Media did not see Shakeri during the visit Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:during	254
id = 1582842007 Byrd spoke to his teammates before the game .	id = 1582842007 Byrd spoke to his teammates after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	255
It has rounded up more than 400 Fatah activists before the week .	It has rounded up more than 400 Fatah activists during the week .	prep_postp:before:during	256
Before September , there were no Yankees players who asked to wear stirrups .	After September , there were no Yankees players who asked to wear stirrups .	prep_postp:before:after	257
He is due to appear before magistrates in Stockport on Monday .	He is due to appear after magistrates in Stockport on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	258
Both cuts came before the report from Challenger , Gray & Christmas .	Both cuts came after the report from Challenger , Gray & Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	259
This time , try to keep your eyes open before the steam-room fight .	This time , try to keep your eyes open during the steam-room fight .	prep_postp:before:during	260
The decision to reopen that case came before Stacy 's disappearance .	The decision to reopen that case came after Stacy 's disappearance .	prep_postp:before:after	261
Before a few pints , the game is all but forgotten .	After a few pints , the game is all but forgotten .	prep_postp:before:after	262
" It was all very pretty , " Hingis said before the show .	" It was all very pretty , " Hingis said after the show .	prep_postp:before:after	263
Both raised about $ 60 million before the first six months of 2007 .	Both raised about $ 60 million during the first six months of 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	264
Before session two , I achieved a modest breakthrough .	During session two , I achieved a modest breakthrough .	prep_postp:before:during	265
Avery also yelled at Devils goalie Martin Brodeur before pregame warm-ups Nov. 3 .	Avery also yelled at Devils goalie Martin Brodeur during pregame warm-ups Nov. 3 .	prep_postp:before:during	266
House prices rose by 5 % before the second quarter of 2007 .	House prices rose by 5 % during the second quarter of 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	267
Some were still searching for the dozens of people missing before the blasts .	Some were still searching for the dozens of people missing after the blasts .	prep_postp:before:after	268
The team arrived 47 minutes before tipoff .	The team arrived 47 minutes after tipoff .	prep_postp:before:after	269
Before their marriage , the couple worked together for years .	After their marriage , the couple worked together for years .	prep_postp:before:after	270
He hopes to be back before an Oct. 21 matchup with Tampa Bay .	He hopes to be back after an Oct. 21 matchup with Tampa Bay .	prep_postp:before:after	271
He was previously cleared of fiddling his expenses before a BBC investigation .	He was previously cleared of fiddling his expenses after a BBC investigation .	prep_postp:before:after	272
Snow and freezing temperatures were forecast before the night .	Snow and freezing temperatures were forecast during the night .	prep_postp:before:during	273
Third place went to Paula Creamer before a 72 .	Third place went to Paula Creamer after a 72 .	prep_postp:before:after	274
She is due before West Hertfordshire Magistrates ' Court on 13 November .	She is due after West Hertfordshire Magistrates ' Court on 13 November .	prep_postp:before:after	275
The company provided another $ 5,000 for emergency expenses immediately before the storm .	The company provided another $ 5,000 for emergency expenses immediately after the storm .	prep_postp:before:after	276
An archived replay will be available for 30 days before the conference .	An archived replay will be available for 30 days after the conference .	prep_postp:before:after	277
Most of them left before the ' 88 movement .	Most of them left after the ' 88 movement .	prep_postp:before:after	278
The skeletons were discovered before a refurbishment of the prison last year .	The skeletons were discovered during a refurbishment of the prison last year .	prep_postp:before:during	279
No one knows what happened in the weeks before his death in 2003 .	No one knows what happened in the weeks after his death in 2003 .	prep_postp:before:after	280
China is now the world 's second-largest oil importer before the United States .	China is now the world 's second-largest oil importer after the United States .	prep_postp:before:after	281
Before the war , she read children 's stories on BBC radio .	During the war , she read children 's stories on BBC radio .	prep_postp:before:during	282
A seventh sheik was killed before the capture .	A seventh sheik was killed during the capture .	prep_postp:before:during	283
Prime Mininster Shinzo Abe listens to questions before a press conference on Wednesday .	Prime Mininster Shinzo Abe listens to questions during a press conference on Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:during	284
It happened before the Ford administration .	It happened during the Ford administration .	prep_postp:before:during	285
A torn ACL happens most often before a quick change of direction .	A torn ACL happens most often during a quick change of direction .	prep_postp:before:during	286
He is seen on a videotape made before his death .	He is seen on a videotape made after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	287
One woman complained that more Yiddish was not spoken before the panel .	One woman complained that more Yiddish was not spoken during the panel .	prep_postp:before:during	288
Before that , the Yankees have options .	After that , the Yankees have options .	prep_postp:before:after	289
Sapp and Burgess were both flagged for unsportsmanlike conduct penalties before the arguments .	Sapp and Burgess were both flagged for unsportsmanlike conduct penalties during the arguments .	prep_postp:before:during	290
Some experts suggest that Detroit police investigators got sloppy before the dragnet era .	Some experts suggest that Detroit police investigators got sloppy during the dragnet era .	prep_postp:before:during	291
It shrunk later before Sadr bloc 's withdrawal .	It shrunk later after Sadr bloc 's withdrawal .	prep_postp:before:after	292
, was back to normal before storm damaged track near Winona , Minn .	, was back to normal after storm damaged track near Winona , Minn .	prep_postp:before:after	293
, said before the vote .	, said after the vote .	prep_postp:before:after	294
Ravenel resigned a month before his June indictment .	Ravenel resigned a month after his June indictment .	prep_postp:before:after	295
Before that , workers will begin to vote on the contract .	After that , workers will begin to vote on the contract .	prep_postp:before:after	296
The ESB program was developed before the floods in Louisiana two years ago .	The ESB program was developed during the floods in Louisiana two years ago .	prep_postp:before:during	297
About Ascend Media Chavez was restored to power before massive street protests .	About Ascend Media Chavez was restored to power after massive street protests .	prep_postp:before:after	298
That maverick streak has been on prominent display before the Iraq conflict .	That maverick streak has been on prominent display during the Iraq conflict .	prep_postp:before:during	299
Avery had yapped at Brodeur before warm-ups , too .	Avery had yapped at Brodeur during warm-ups , too .	prep_postp:before:during	300
The species had been hunted almost to extinction before the ban .	The species had been hunted almost to extinction after the ban .	prep_postp:before:after	301
They came at night , with photos taken before pro-democracy demonstrations .	They came at night , with photos taken during pro-democracy demonstrations .	prep_postp:before:during	302
Before the boom , borrowers could often get covenants waived .	During the boom , borrowers could often get covenants waived .	prep_postp:before:during	303
" It was not easy , " he said before the race .	" It was not easy , " he said after the race .	prep_postp:before:after	304
Before a brief delay , the game resumed .	After a brief delay , the game resumed .	prep_postp:before:after	305
Innovative ways that you stay active before the holiday season .	Innovative ways that you stay active during the holiday season .	prep_postp:before:during	306
Around 18,000 police provided security before the games .	Around 18,000 police provided security during the games .	prep_postp:before:during	307
It was a different England that emerged before the break .	It was a different England that emerged after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	308
Strong gains also came from the property sector before a turbulent few days .	Strong gains also came from the property sector after a turbulent few days .	prep_postp:before:after	309
She died there in 1991 , a few months before her hundredth birthday .	She died there in 1991 , a few months after her hundredth birthday .	prep_postp:before:after	310
The Western Isles cluster was detected before routine surveillance .	The Western Isles cluster was detected during routine surveillance .	prep_postp:before:during	311
President Bush appointed Myers before a recess to her post .	President Bush appointed Myers during a recess to her post .	prep_postp:before:during	312
The Nation - daily Steinbrenner left the ballpark before the seventh inning .	The Nation - daily Steinbrenner left the ballpark after the seventh inning .	prep_postp:before:after	313
Craig was chosen for induction last spring well before his arrest .	Craig was chosen for induction last spring well after his arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	314
The mixed competitions can lead to romantic matchups at parties before a game .	The mixed competitions can lead to romantic matchups at parties after a game .	prep_postp:before:after	315
A hearing was set for Thursday before an administrative judge .	A hearing was set for Thursday after an administrative judge .	prep_postp:before:after	316
Jane 's fish bar arrives outside the lodge shortly before 1pm .	Jane 's fish bar arrives outside the lodge shortly after 1pm .	prep_postp:before:after	317
YouGov questioned 2,335 people before November .	YouGov questioned 2,335 people during November .	prep_postp:before:during	318
Her husband presided over an impressive recovery of the economy before his term .	Her husband presided over an impressive recovery of the economy during his term .	prep_postp:before:during	319
Privately held BlueLithium says it became profitable three months before its 2004 inception .	Privately held BlueLithium says it became profitable three months after its 2004 inception .	prep_postp:before:after	320
We had to figure out some things before the fact .	We had to figure out some things after the fact .	prep_postp:before:after	321
The shooting occurred before the quarrel , the statement said .	The shooting occurred during the quarrel , the statement said .	prep_postp:before:during	322
We expect additional wins in the region before this current fiscal year .	We expect additional wins in the region during this current fiscal year .	prep_postp:before:during	323
( But ) nothing is decided before the end .	( But ) nothing is decided after the end .	prep_postp:before:after	324
The arrests took place two days before the bombing .	The arrests took place two days after the bombing .	prep_postp:before:after	325
Same-store sales for fell 7.6 percent before the quarter , the company said .	Same-store sales for fell 7.6 percent during the quarter , the company said .	prep_postp:before:during	326
Treasury bond prices fell before the Fed 's decision .	Treasury bond prices fell after the Fed 's decision .	prep_postp:before:after	327
" Dateline NBC " will reappear on Sundays before the football season .	" Dateline NBC " will reappear on Sundays after the football season .	prep_postp:before:after	328
But twice-bloomers often brown before spring bloom , she said .	But twice-bloomers often brown after spring bloom , she said .	prep_postp:before:after	329
Pelchat said the council plans to testify before the commission .	Pelchat said the council plans to testify after the commission .	prep_postp:before:after	330
The 24-year-old Clemens allowed that he and Pennington spoke briefly before the day .	The 24-year-old Clemens allowed that he and Pennington spoke briefly during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	331
" " Is it ethical to order food for delivery before a thunderstorm ?	" " Is it ethical to order food for delivery during a thunderstorm ?	prep_postp:before:during	332
He did not return before the second-quarter hit .	He did not return after the second-quarter hit .	prep_postp:before:after	333
Yes , he had touched a fifth-grader 's breast before recess .	Yes , he had touched a fifth-grader 's breast during recess .	prep_postp:before:during	334
Before London , the show is scheduled to go to Dallas .	After London , the show is scheduled to go to Dallas .	prep_postp:before:after	335
The San Francisco 49ers won four before that span .	The San Francisco 49ers won four during that span .	prep_postp:before:during	336
A 70-year-old runner from Germany collapsed before the Chicago Marathon .	A 70-year-old runner from Germany collapsed during the Chicago Marathon .	prep_postp:before:during	337
But before that , I got in the zone and played incredibly .	But after that , I got in the zone and played incredibly .	prep_postp:before:after	338
More than 150 locally-made films will be shown before the four-day event .	More than 150 locally-made films will be shown during the four-day event .	prep_postp:before:during	339
Before that pop-up , the city deemed a swath of the neighborhood historic .	After that pop-up , the city deemed a swath of the neighborhood historic .	prep_postp:before:after	340
And one night sometime before a transaction , her 4-year-old daughter disappeared .	And one night sometime after a transaction , her 4-year-old daughter disappeared .	prep_postp:before:after	341
And before the debate , Gregg is visibly dismissive of Haddock .	And during the debate , Gregg is visibly dismissive of Haddock .	prep_postp:before:during	342
Both men were captured before separate raids Friday .	Both men were captured during separate raids Friday .	prep_postp:before:during	343
Ashr said government forces deployed to protect the oilfields fled before the attack .	Ashr said government forces deployed to protect the oilfields fled during the attack .	prep_postp:before:during	344
Kate seemed unhappy and exhibited some strange behavior before her stay .	Kate seemed unhappy and exhibited some strange behavior during her stay .	prep_postp:before:during	345
Mosley was subpoenaed and testified before the grand jury in 2003 .	Mosley was subpoenaed and testified after the grand jury in 2003 .	prep_postp:before:after	346
Klose broke Cottbus 's resistance with the first goal before an hour .	Klose broke Cottbus 's resistance with the first goal after an hour .	prep_postp:before:after	347
The union represented 302,500 active workers before the last contract talks in 2003 .	The union represented 302,500 active workers during the last contract talks in 2003 .	prep_postp:before:during	348
The popular All-Star center fielder is eligible for free agency before the season .	The popular All-Star center fielder is eligible for free agency after the season .	prep_postp:before:after	349
They kicked a field goal before the interception .	They kicked a field goal after the interception .	prep_postp:before:after	350
Before the first inning , Torre told Wells to wear a team cap .	After the first inning , Torre told Wells to wear a team cap .	prep_postp:before:after	351
Before a quick packing job , the bus was on its way .	After a quick packing job , the bus was on its way .	prep_postp:before:after	352
A 39-year-old motorcyclist has died in hospital before a road crash in Surrey .	A 39-year-old motorcyclist has died in hospital after a road crash in Surrey .	prep_postp:before:after	353
San Francisco is averaging 13.0 points and 11.2 before its six-game skid .	San Francisco is averaging 13.0 points and 11.2 during its six-game skid .	prep_postp:before:during	354
They just disappeared before awhile .	They just disappeared after awhile .	prep_postp:before:after	355
He criticised unidentified Democrats for having criticised Petraeus before the nationally televised hearing .	He criticised unidentified Democrats for having criticised Petraeus after the nationally televised hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	356
If those memories remain special before losses , what would a win mean ?	If those memories remain special after losses , what would a win mean ?	prep_postp:before:after	357
He wondered if Peterson might be coming before his family next .	He wondered if Peterson might be coming after his family next .	prep_postp:before:after	358
Safety is the top concern before a storm .	Safety is the top concern after a storm .	prep_postp:before:after	359
The bridge was undergoing repairs when it buckled before the evening rush hour .	The bridge was undergoing repairs when it buckled during the evening rush hour .	prep_postp:before:during	360
Seagate sold 3.3 million hard drives in U.S. retail stores before that period .	Seagate sold 3.3 million hard drives in U.S. retail stores during that period .	prep_postp:before:during	361
There were definitely times when people drank before that period .	There were definitely times when people drank during that period .	prep_postp:before:during	362
Bush plans to veto the bill before the end of the year .	Bush plans to veto the bill after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	363
There was no lottery paper inventory accounting routine before the incidents .	There was no lottery paper inventory accounting routine after the incidents .	prep_postp:before:after	364
The Democrats agreed on most of the major issues raised before the forum .	The Democrats agreed on most of the major issues raised during the forum .	prep_postp:before:during	365
The four men did not have to appear before the judge .	The four men did not have to appear after the judge .	prep_postp:before:after	366
Musharraf flew back early Wednesday before meeting with Saudi King Abdullah .	Musharraf flew back early Wednesday after meeting with Saudi King Abdullah .	prep_postp:before:after	367
Even before the latest crisis , Pakistanis were highly suspicious of U.S. intentions .	Even after the latest crisis , Pakistanis were highly suspicious of U.S. intentions .	prep_postp:before:after	368
Los Angeles lost both contests before a 4-0 start .	Los Angeles lost both contests after a 4-0 start .	prep_postp:before:after	369
Jamie Halliwell , of Southport , was hospitalised before the Merseyside crash .	Jamie Halliwell , of Southport , was hospitalised after the Merseyside crash .	prep_postp:before:after	370
Before that time , subscriptions to international addresses will be free .	After that time , subscriptions to international addresses will be free .	prep_postp:before:after	371
But students said dozens of protesters were hurt before the melee .	But students said dozens of protesters were hurt during the melee .	prep_postp:before:during	372
Eventually Anna was rescued before a police raid on the brothel .	Eventually Anna was rescued during a police raid on the brothel .	prep_postp:before:during	373
Diyala ranks third before Anbar Province and Baghdad in American casualties .	Diyala ranks third after Anbar Province and Baghdad in American casualties .	prep_postp:before:after	374
The two QBs spoke briefly before the game .	The two QBs spoke briefly after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	375
And before the raw Norman winters , it can get lonely .	And during the raw Norman winters , it can get lonely .	prep_postp:before:during	376
He admitted getting closer to the girl before domestic problems with his wife .	He admitted getting closer to the girl during domestic problems with his wife .	prep_postp:before:during	377
They would have been sealed in for weeks before a nuclear attack .	They would have been sealed in for weeks after a nuclear attack .	prep_postp:before:after	378
Nothing significant will happen before March 2008 .	Nothing significant will happen after March 2008 .	prep_postp:before:after	379
Which Republican candidate made his presidential debate debut before yesterday 's GOP forum ?	Which Republican candidate made his presidential debate debut during yesterday 's GOP forum ?	prep_postp:before:during	380
" We had a little talk before the game , " Ortiz said .	" We had a little talk after the game , " Ortiz said .	prep_postp:before:after	381
Oklahoma has outscored its opponents by 158 points before a 3-0 start .	Oklahoma has outscored its opponents by 158 points during a 3-0 start .	prep_postp:before:during	382
Deportation proceedings began 11 days before her wedding , she said .	Deportation proceedings began 11 days after her wedding , she said .	prep_postp:before:after	383
Fires were started and missiles were thrown before the trouble .	Fires were started and missiles were thrown during the trouble .	prep_postp:before:during	384
Before that , move to the home you plan to keep .	After that , move to the home you plan to keep .	prep_postp:before:after	385
Her mother , Christine , said she felt helpless before the attack .	Her mother , Christine , said she felt helpless after the attack .	prep_postp:before:after	386
Now , before a year on Herceptin , Diekmeyer is almost paid up .	Now , after a year on Herceptin , Diekmeyer is almost paid up .	prep_postp:before:after	387
We have got Boston and before Boston , we have Orlando .	We have got Boston and after Boston , we have Orlando .	prep_postp:before:after	388
This season , he missed the last 22 games before last night .	This season , he missed the last 22 games after last night .	prep_postp:before:after	389
Some 57,975 households were in some stage of default before the month .	Some 57,975 households were in some stage of default during the month .	prep_postp:before:during	390
Ask your doctor about keeping you warm before surgery .	Ask your doctor about keeping you warm during surgery .	prep_postp:before:during	391
Exports were banned before the first foot-and-mouth outbreak in August .	Exports were banned after the first foot-and-mouth outbreak in August .	prep_postp:before:after	392
They fled before the attack .	They fled after the attack .	prep_postp:before:after	393
Screaming fans cheered arriving stars before the show .	Screaming fans cheered arriving stars after the show .	prep_postp:before:after	394
Buses will continue to be able to use the lower level before construction .	Buses will continue to be able to use the lower level during construction .	prep_postp:before:during	395
He wore much the same thing before his 10 years as finance minister .	He wore much the same thing during his 10 years as finance minister .	prep_postp:before:during	396
They were the first reported deaths in unrest before the emergency .	They were the first reported deaths in unrest during the emergency .	prep_postp:before:during	397
" " The street was sinking before our eyes .	" " The street was sinking after our eyes .	prep_postp:before:after	398
We 'll deal with it before the World Series .	We 'll deal with it after the World Series .	prep_postp:before:after	399
Details emerge of the full extent of the executions before the Stalin period .	Details emerge of the full extent of the executions during the Stalin period .	prep_postp:before:during	400
Submit a question now or before the discussion .	Submit a question now or during the discussion .	prep_postp:before:during	401
Nor , before the initial elation , are homecomings always easy .	Nor , after the initial elation , are homecomings always easy .	prep_postp:before:after	402
They have been told to stay inside before dark .	They have been told to stay inside after dark .	prep_postp:before:after	403
What do I do with winter clothes before the summer ?	What do I do with winter clothes during the summer ?	prep_postp:before:during	404
Mike Wilks was all smiles Saturday morning before the Nuggets ' shootaround .	Mike Wilks was all smiles Saturday morning after the Nuggets ' shootaround .	prep_postp:before:after	405
Hundreds of thousands of Romanian Jews were killed before the war .	Hundreds of thousands of Romanian Jews were killed during the war .	prep_postp:before:during	406
It is also released before orgasm .	It is also released during orgasm .	prep_postp:before:during	407
Both touchdown passes came before fumbles by Duke ( 1-10 ) .	Both touchdown passes came after fumbles by Duke ( 1-10 ) .	prep_postp:before:after	408
But even before that , there had been reports of assassinations and kidnappings .	But even after that , there had been reports of assassinations and kidnappings .	prep_postp:before:after	409
Before threats of sectarian violence earlier this year , the situation grew calmer .	After threats of sectarian violence earlier this year , the situation grew calmer .	prep_postp:before:after	410
He had eight in 31 games before that .	He had eight in 31 games after that .	prep_postp:before:after	411
Mr. Hanson also suggested some tips to feel better before the race .	Mr. Hanson also suggested some tips to feel better during the race .	prep_postp:before:during	412
Before the NBC interview , Craig slammed Romney .	During the NBC interview , Craig slammed Romney .	prep_postp:before:during	413
The requirement will take effect for land and sea travelers before June 2009 .	The requirement will take effect for land and sea travelers after June 2009 .	prep_postp:before:after	414
The damaged signs were discovered on Friday before routine checks .	The damaged signs were discovered on Friday during routine checks .	prep_postp:before:during	415
Simpson was questioned by police immediately before the incident Thursday night .	Simpson was questioned by police immediately after the incident Thursday night .	prep_postp:before:after	416
Before the shooting , authorities locked down the campus .	After the shooting , authorities locked down the campus .	prep_postp:before:after	417
Construction on the skyscraper began last year before a series of delays .	Construction on the skyscraper began last year after a series of delays .	prep_postp:before:after	418
1998 - Ciorbea replaced by Radu Vasile before coalition tensions .	1998 - Ciorbea replaced by Radu Vasile after coalition tensions .	prep_postp:before:after	419
And other families have already begun speaking out before pre-session legislative meetings .	And other families have already begun speaking out during pre-session legislative meetings .	prep_postp:before:during	420
Before Congress , Davis served four years in the Virginia House of Delegates .	After Congress , Davis served four years in the Virginia House of Delegates .	prep_postp:before:after	421
President Bush has said he will make no endorsement before the primary season .	President Bush has said he will make no endorsement during the primary season .	prep_postp:before:during	422
I left Burma soon before that .	I left Burma soon after that .	prep_postp:before:after	423
Bonds parted ways with the San Francisco Giants before the season .	Bonds parted ways with the San Francisco Giants after the season .	prep_postp:before:after	424
Actress Moira Lister has died aged 84 before a short illness .	Actress Moira Lister has died aged 84 after a short illness .	prep_postp:before:after	425
By Kimberly Nordyke He did not return before the second-quarter hit .	By Kimberly Nordyke He did not return after the second-quarter hit .	prep_postp:before:after	426
Many officers also have been pardoned before the end of their sentences .	Many officers also have been pardoned after the end of their sentences .	prep_postp:before:after	427
Before a court battle , he eventually gained access to patient medical records .	After a court battle , he eventually gained access to patient medical records .	prep_postp:before:after	428
Her husband died before heart surgery last year .	Her husband died during heart surgery last year .	prep_postp:before:during	429
The Lady Vols averaged 14,678 fans before their 2007 championship season .	The Lady Vols averaged 14,678 fans during their 2007 championship season .	prep_postp:before:during	430
Before the break , Ann said she wanted to explain her last comment .	During the break , Ann said she wanted to explain her last comment .	prep_postp:before:during	431
Kenny Chesney took some time to recover before his divorce from Renee Zellweger .	Kenny Chesney took some time to recover after his divorce from Renee Zellweger .	prep_postp:before:after	432
They fell as low as $ 56.50 before hours .	They fell as low as $ 56.50 after hours .	prep_postp:before:after	433
Blood was still visible around his swollen mouth before the game .	Blood was still visible around his swollen mouth after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	434
The garage owner 's six-year-old son ran to his father before hearing shots .	The garage owner 's six-year-old son ran to his father after hearing shots .	prep_postp:before:after	435
Tim Wakefield was chased before three-plus innings .	Tim Wakefield was chased after three-plus innings .	prep_postp:before:after	436
More soldiers are reporting problems before the second screening .	More soldiers are reporting problems during the second screening .	prep_postp:before:during	437
Wilson is currently recuperating before a suicide attempt in late August .	Wilson is currently recuperating after a suicide attempt in late August .	prep_postp:before:after	438
Guest hosts have filled in before her maternity leave .	Guest hosts have filled in during her maternity leave .	prep_postp:before:during	439
Lecavalier has six goals and 13 assists before the streak .	Lecavalier has six goals and 13 assists during the streak .	prep_postp:before:during	440
Both Schulman and his attorney declined to comment before the hearing .	Both Schulman and his attorney declined to comment after the hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	441
Trading standards officers acted in nine boroughs before complaints from the public .	Trading standards officers acted in nine boroughs after complaints from the public .	prep_postp:before:after	442
" Run " loses speed long before the finish line .	" Run " loses speed long after the finish line .	prep_postp:before:after	443
Meanwhile , Walgreen said its same-store sales grew 6.3 percent before the fourth-quarter .	Meanwhile , Walgreen said its same-store sales grew 6.3 percent during the fourth-quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	444
All seven could now be interviewed before the McCann 's request .	All seven could now be interviewed after the McCann 's request .	prep_postp:before:after	445
Those questions gnawed again before last week 's season premier .	Those questions gnawed again during last week 's season premier .	prep_postp:before:during	446
Before the Hillary event , we met and a few things had changed .	After the Hillary event , we met and a few things had changed .	prep_postp:before:after	447
Swedish daily Expressen broke the story in mid-2007 before months of research .	Swedish daily Expressen broke the story in mid-2007 after months of research .	prep_postp:before:after	448
Before Youkilis 's homer , Boston never trailed again in the series .	After Youkilis 's homer , Boston never trailed again in the series .	prep_postp:before:after	449
Burns took pains to rebut that view before his hour-long meeting with ElBaradei .	Burns took pains to rebut that view after his hour-long meeting with ElBaradei .	prep_postp:before:after	450
Organisers hope to reopen before New Year 's Day .	Organisers hope to reopen after New Year 's Day .	prep_postp:before:after	451
Three more days of talks are planned before the deadline of next Tuesday .	Three more days of talks are planned after the deadline of next Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	452
Then the players would be given a week off before the BMW Championship .	Then the players would be given a week off after the BMW Championship .	prep_postp:before:after	453
King Tut was in charge of Egypt before this time .	King Tut was in charge of Egypt during this time .	prep_postp:before:during	454
The Ducks led 15-11 on the shot clock before the second period .	The Ducks led 15-11 on the shot clock after the second period .	prep_postp:before:after	455
Inflation worsened before a 25 percent hike in fuel prices in May .	Inflation worsened after a 25 percent hike in fuel prices in May .	prep_postp:before:after	456
Several months before our conversation , I checked in with Brad .	Several months after our conversation , I checked in with Brad .	prep_postp:before:after	457
Before his experiences , does Lomu have advice for Habana ?	After his experiences , does Lomu have advice for Habana ?	prep_postp:before:after	458
PATH honored both NJ Transit and Amtrak tickets before the emergency .	PATH honored both NJ Transit and Amtrak tickets during the emergency .	prep_postp:before:during	459
Bulldogs coach Mark Richt set the tone for before the game .	Bulldogs coach Mark Richt set the tone for after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	460
The alarm was raised shortly before 4pm yesterday .	The alarm was raised shortly after 4pm yesterday .	prep_postp:before:after	461
The Pirates led 6-0 before Ankiel 's two-run shot in the third .	The Pirates led 6-0 after Ankiel 's two-run shot in the third .	prep_postp:before:after	462
Indeed , some productions took out advertisements for performances before Thanksgiving Week .	Indeed , some productions took out advertisements for performances during Thanksgiving Week .	prep_postp:before:during	463
I cried my heart out before the anthem .	I cried my heart out during the anthem .	prep_postp:before:during	464
Before the age of 50 , most women will experience some bone loss .	After the age of 50 , most women will experience some bone loss .	prep_postp:before:after	465
Will a team take chance on slugger before stunning indictment ?	Will a team take chance on slugger after stunning indictment ?	prep_postp:before:after	466
There were no government centers before the Taliban rule .	There were no government centers during the Taliban rule .	prep_postp:before:during	467
Pursued by reporters before the hearing , Father Fay refused to comment .	Pursued by reporters after the hearing , Father Fay refused to comment .	prep_postp:before:after	468
But Turner 's offscreen adventures had damaged her career well before that .	But Turner 's offscreen adventures had damaged her career well after that .	prep_postp:before:after	469
Herges was promptly cut before spring training .	Herges was promptly cut during spring training .	prep_postp:before:during	470
Winters did not speak with reporters before Sunday 's game .	Winters did not speak with reporters after Sunday 's game .	prep_postp:before:after	471
He did not write " Amazing Grace " until well before his retirement .	He did not write " Amazing Grace " until well after his retirement .	prep_postp:before:after	472
It could come before city leaders on Wednesday , according to the AP .	It could come after city leaders on Wednesday , according to the AP .	prep_postp:before:after	473
Arizona was moving toward Kurt Warner before the injury to Matt Leinart .	Arizona was moving toward Kurt Warner after the injury to Matt Leinart .	prep_postp:before:after	474
The rules ban holding primaries before February 5th .	The rules ban holding primaries after February 5th .	prep_postp:before:after	475
A sentencing hearing began immediately before the verdict .	A sentencing hearing began immediately after the verdict .	prep_postp:before:after	476
According to official Soviet reports , the dog was euthanized before a week .	According to official Soviet reports , the dog was euthanized after a week .	prep_postp:before:after	477
My life is to November 4 , nothing before that .	My life is to November 4 , nothing after that .	prep_postp:before:after	478
They found that the greenness of the forest actually increased before the drought .	They found that the greenness of the forest actually increased during the drought .	prep_postp:before:during	479
His body was cremated before death .	His body was cremated after death .	prep_postp:before:after	480
The board is to determine probable cause and make recommendations before a hearing .	The board is to determine probable cause and make recommendations after a hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	481
The deal is the first announced before the fourth quarter .	The deal is the first announced during the fourth quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	482
The DfT will publish a consultation document about the new plans before Christmas .	The DfT will publish a consultation document about the new plans after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	483
Before Wednesday , I would never been to Southern California .	After Wednesday , I would never been to Southern California .	prep_postp:before:after	484
You never know who you 'll meet before the interview process .	You never know who you 'll meet during the interview process .	prep_postp:before:during	485
A man and a woman were arrested before the search .	A man and a woman were arrested during the search .	prep_postp:before:during	486
1971 - Army forces Demirel 's resignation before spiral of political violence .	1971 - Army forces Demirel 's resignation after spiral of political violence .	prep_postp:before:after	487
The company said there were no indications of any problems before the rupture .	The company said there were no indications of any problems after the rupture .	prep_postp:before:after	488
The case almost certainly will be decided before next year 's general election .	The case almost certainly will be decided after next year 's general election .	prep_postp:before:after	489
2005 August - President Venetiaan is re-elected before months of deadlock .	2005 August - President Venetiaan is re-elected after months of deadlock .	prep_postp:before:after	490
The Sun Devils have outscored opponents by a combined 153-29 before halftime .	The Sun Devils have outscored opponents by a combined 153-29 after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	491
, said shortly before the vote .	, said shortly after the vote .	prep_postp:before:after	492
Before their chats , candidates will typically be located on college campuses .	During their chats , candidates will typically be located on college campuses .	prep_postp:before:during	493
Palestinian officials want a total settlement freeze before the Annapolis conference .	Palestinian officials want a total settlement freeze after the Annapolis conference .	prep_postp:before:after	494
Before careful inspection , Dr Manning is not convinced .	After careful inspection , Dr Manning is not convinced .	prep_postp:before:after	495
Six Pakistani soldiers were killed when another Mi-17 crashed days before the quake .	Six Pakistani soldiers were killed when another Mi-17 crashed days after the quake .	prep_postp:before:after	496
A Vote Is To Be taken Next Month Before The Current Mandates Expire .	A Vote Is To Be taken Next Month After The Current Mandates Expire .	prep_postp:before:after	497
The news comes around seven months before completion .	The news comes around seven months after completion .	prep_postp:before:after	498
Jurors heard nearly three weeks of testimony before U.S. District Judge Arthur Tarnow .	Jurors heard nearly three weeks of testimony after U.S. District Judge Arthur Tarnow .	prep_postp:before:after	499
A Worcestershire school has been put into special measures before a critical report .	A Worcestershire school has been put into special measures after a critical report .	prep_postp:before:after	500
Police believe there was a " verbal altercation " before the attacks .	Police believe there was a " verbal altercation " after the attacks .	prep_postp:before:after	501
John Wood 's leg was amputated near the knee before a plane crash .	John Wood 's leg was amputated near the knee after a plane crash .	prep_postp:before:after	502
The death came a day before the New York City Marathon .	The death came a day after the New York City Marathon .	prep_postp:before:after	503
In Denver , there are Parenting Before Divorce classes .	In Denver , there are Parenting After Divorce classes .	prep_postp:before:after	504
There they stood : bottles of wine neatly lined up one before another .	There they stood : bottles of wine neatly lined up one after another .	prep_postp:before:after	505
We did not see that before the debate .	We did not see that during the debate .	prep_postp:before:during	506
That gulf vanished before Tom Brokaw 's tenure , he said .	That gulf vanished during Tom Brokaw 's tenure , he said .	prep_postp:before:during	507
We remember hats and gloves and a world before computers -- or television .	We remember hats and gloves and a world after computers -- or television .	prep_postp:before:after	508
The Palestinian police came and realeased him before moments .	The Palestinian police came and realeased him after moments .	prep_postp:before:after	509
Troops freed nine Iraqi hostages before the operation , the command said .	Troops freed nine Iraqi hostages during the operation , the command said .	prep_postp:before:during	510
He waved a penlight up and down before the patient .	He waved a penlight up and down after the patient .	prep_postp:before:after	511
The Panthers called a timeout before the crucial play .	The Panthers called a timeout after the crucial play .	prep_postp:before:after	512
Before the tour , reporters were allowed to briefly speak with Tajbakhsh .	During the tour , reporters were allowed to briefly speak with Tajbakhsh .	prep_postp:before:during	513
Before the Butler game , Simmons looked exhausted and sounded hoarse .	After the Butler game , Simmons looked exhausted and sounded hoarse .	prep_postp:before:after	514
Rep. Jo Ann Davis died Saturday before a two-year battle with breast cancer .	Rep. Jo Ann Davis died Saturday after a two-year battle with breast cancer .	prep_postp:before:after	515
Paulson spoke before the second day of the Clinton Global Initiative conference .	Paulson spoke during the second day of the Clinton Global Initiative conference .	prep_postp:before:during	516
But even before Mr. Trudeau , hustling was on its deathbed .	But even after Mr. Trudeau , hustling was on its deathbed .	prep_postp:before:after	517
I never trusted anything the government said before that day .	I never trusted anything the government said after that day .	prep_postp:before:after	518
Before the winter , there is also snowshoeing or cross-country skiing .	During the winter , there is also snowshoeing or cross-country skiing .	prep_postp:before:during	519
I almost threw up before the game .	I almost threw up after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	520
Mr. Mulally said Ford would make that determination before Labor Day .	Mr. Mulally said Ford would make that determination after Labor Day .	prep_postp:before:after	521
There , before a state banquet , both monarchs will make speeches .	There , during a state banquet , both monarchs will make speeches .	prep_postp:before:during	522
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich also spoke about the extension before the game .	Spurs coach Gregg Popovich also spoke about the extension after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	523
Motorway is closed before accident Nashville , C.Mason 10-13-2 ( 39-36 ) .	Motorway is closed after accident Nashville , C.Mason 10-13-2 ( 39-36 ) .	prep_postp:before:after	524
Their daughter Maureen died in August 2001 before a battle with cancer .	Their daughter Maureen died in August 2001 after a battle with cancer .	prep_postp:before:after	525
What did Connors say to Roddick right before the match ?	What did Connors say to Roddick right after the match ?	prep_postp:before:after	526
No entries will be considered before that date .	No entries will be considered after that date .	prep_postp:before:after	527
The former Pro Bowl selection excitedly clapped his hands before completions .	The former Pro Bowl selection excitedly clapped his hands after completions .	prep_postp:before:after	528
Before the ruling , he apologized to the family of Vahagn Setian .	After the ruling , he apologized to the family of Vahagn Setian .	prep_postp:before:after	529
I never even got a parking ticket before this .	I never even got a parking ticket after this .	prep_postp:before:after	530
Growth was seen as remaining sluggish before the first part of next year .	Growth was seen as remaining sluggish during the first part of next year .	prep_postp:before:during	531
But the manager 's tactics came under question before conference season .	But the manager 's tactics came under question after conference season .	prep_postp:before:after	532
New book says President Bush denies wanting to dissolve Iraq Army before invasion .	New book says President Bush denies wanting to dissolve Iraq Army after invasion .	prep_postp:before:after	533
Sharapova 's serve was her undoing , especially before early faults .	Sharapova 's serve was her undoing , especially after early faults .	prep_postp:before:after	534
The man is to appear before Enniskillen Magistrates Court on Monday .	The man is to appear after Enniskillen Magistrates Court on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	535
Clean up before your dog , damn it !	Clean up after your dog , damn it !	prep_postp:before:after	536
Before Watergate , Mr. Thompson returned to private practice in Tennessee .	After Watergate , Mr. Thompson returned to private practice in Tennessee .	prep_postp:before:after	537
The road was closed overnight before the crash .	The road was closed overnight after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	538
A 70-year-old runner from Germany gets medical assistance before the Chicago Marathon .	A 70-year-old runner from Germany gets medical assistance during the Chicago Marathon .	prep_postp:before:during	539
Before that date , it becomes a much different economic animal .	After that date , it becomes a much different economic animal .	prep_postp:before:after	540
The year before that , visitors could create dancing bobblehead characters .	The year after that , visitors could create dancing bobblehead characters .	prep_postp:before:after	541
Before the Clinton administration , budget deficits turned to surpluses .	During the Clinton administration , budget deficits turned to surpluses .	prep_postp:before:during	542
Dorsey was hurt before a scrimmage against Saint Louis on Oct. 27 .	Dorsey was hurt during a scrimmage against Saint Louis on Oct. 27 .	prep_postp:before:during	543
Five hours before takeoff , Laika showed no signs of life .	Five hours after takeoff , Laika showed no signs of life .	prep_postp:before:after	544
We donned our coveralls and waited like lemmings before our march .	We donned our coveralls and waited like lemmings after our march .	prep_postp:before:after	545
Before the speech , 39 percent said it was the right thing .	After the speech , 39 percent said it was the right thing .	prep_postp:before:after	546
He had hoped 500 would be sold before Saturday 's game .	He had hoped 500 would be sold after Saturday 's game .	prep_postp:before:after	547
Couples made his money-winning shot before a rough trip from the tee .	Couples made his money-winning shot after a rough trip from the tee .	prep_postp:before:after	548
Suh showed reporters a pair of white trousers she wore before captivity .	Suh showed reporters a pair of white trousers she wore during captivity .	prep_postp:before:during	549
" We were seeing a great slowdown before school , " Morss said .	" We were seeing a great slowdown after school , " Morss said .	prep_postp:before:after	550
EBITDA is Operating Profit Before Depreciation and Amortization .	EBITDA is Operating Profit After Depreciation and Amortization .	prep_postp:before:after	551
The results before that , though , were very similar .	The results after that , though , were very similar .	prep_postp:before:after	552
Her transplant was carried out before a nationwide appeal for a donor organ .	Her transplant was carried out after a nationwide appeal for a donor organ .	prep_postp:before:after	553
1558-1573 - Portuguese occupation , which ends before expulsion by locals .	1558-1573 - Portuguese occupation , which ends after expulsion by locals .	prep_postp:before:after	554
Wind pummeled the two victims ' trailer shortly before midnight .	Wind pummeled the two victims ' trailer shortly after midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	555
I try not to make a habit of medical emergencies before business trips .	I try not to make a habit of medical emergencies during business trips .	prep_postp:before:during	556
They will be completed on Friday morning before the second round .	They will be completed on Friday morning after the second round .	prep_postp:before:after	557
Bush met Abu Risha before a visit to Anbar on September 3 .	Bush met Abu Risha during a visit to Anbar on September 3 .	prep_postp:before:during	558
He was speaking before talks on Tuesday with President Mamadou Tandja .	He was speaking after talks on Tuesday with President Mamadou Tandja .	prep_postp:before:after	559
What were her real politics before the war ?	What were her real politics during the war ?	prep_postp:before:during	560
They liked each other enough to become roommates before their sophomore year .	They liked each other enough to become roommates during their sophomore year .	prep_postp:before:during	561
The Company 's efforts to recruit experienced mortgage bankers continued before the quarter .	The Company 's efforts to recruit experienced mortgage bankers continued during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	562
Mothers also tend to pass it on to their children before childbirth .	Mothers also tend to pass it on to their children during childbirth .	prep_postp:before:during	563
A moment of silence was planned before the game .	A moment of silence was planned after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	564
They stripped off before the annual peat-cutting in support of leukaemia research .	They stripped off during the annual peat-cutting in support of leukaemia research .	prep_postp:before:during	565
The Times Square board comes down before the New Year .	The Times Square board comes down after the New Year .	prep_postp:before:after	566
Before the invasion , many of its stores stayed open past midnight .	After the invasion , many of its stores stayed open past midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	567
Before about 2 minutes , the custard will begin to thicken .	After about 2 minutes , the custard will begin to thicken .	prep_postp:before:after	568
Southland Tales unfolds before the 2008 presidential campaign in a parallel-reality America .	Southland Tales unfolds during the 2008 presidential campaign in a parallel-reality America .	prep_postp:before:during	569
Toyota Motor president Katsuaki Watanabe speaks before a news conference in Tokyo Friday .	Toyota Motor president Katsuaki Watanabe speaks during a news conference in Tokyo Friday .	prep_postp:before:during	570
I got pregnant before my very first period .	I got pregnant after my very first period .	prep_postp:before:after	571
Shortly before take-off , their own flight crashed , leaving no survivors .	Shortly after take-off , their own flight crashed , leaving no survivors .	prep_postp:before:after	572
What rights does the senator accused of wrongdoing have before this adjudicatory review ?	What rights does the senator accused of wrongdoing have during this adjudicatory review ?	prep_postp:before:during	573
Neither side commented before the meeting .	Neither side commented after the meeting .	prep_postp:before:after	574
The shark was hoisted at the rodeo before a big crowd .	The shark was hoisted at the rodeo after a big crowd .	prep_postp:before:after	575
He was hit by the vehicle shortly before 5pm .	He was hit by the vehicle shortly after 5pm .	prep_postp:before:after	576
Well , before a few phone calls , the deal was done .	Well , after a few phone calls , the deal was done .	prep_postp:before:after	577
However , pressure came in spades before the ALCS .	However , pressure came in spades during the ALCS .	prep_postp:before:during	578
Four U.S. soldiers and an Iraqi soldier were killed before the ambush .	Four U.S. soldiers and an Iraqi soldier were killed during the ambush .	prep_postp:before:during	579
Trainer Jeff Mayweather attended to the Russian 's nose before the bell .	Trainer Jeff Mayweather attended to the Russian 's nose after the bell .	prep_postp:before:after	580
And in the quiet before the funeral , his parents despaired .	And in the quiet after the funeral , his parents despaired .	prep_postp:before:after	581
Before the injury , Delhomme was off to a quick start .	After the injury , Delhomme was off to a quick start .	prep_postp:before:after	582
Bonds fell before an upbeat economic reading .	Bonds fell after an upbeat economic reading .	prep_postp:before:after	583
Marshals moved Atchison before the suicide attempt , the sheriff said .	Marshals moved Atchison after the suicide attempt , the sheriff said .	prep_postp:before:after	584
Knowing the stakes , Snow was positively bullish before his remarks .	Knowing the stakes , Snow was positively bullish during his remarks .	prep_postp:before:during	585
The spacewalkers were back in the airlock before noon .	The spacewalkers were back in the airlock after noon .	prep_postp:before:after	586
Additional Information : No posed photographs may be taken before the book signing .	Additional Information : No posed photographs may be taken during the book signing .	prep_postp:before:during	587
Two men with Simpson pulled guns before the robbery , Beardsley said .	Two men with Simpson pulled guns during the robbery , Beardsley said .	prep_postp:before:during	588
Every year before that , the government has been in the red .	Every year after that , the government has been in the red .	prep_postp:before:after	589
Before a sluggish start , he had a strong , injury-free season .	After a sluggish start , he had a strong , injury-free season .	prep_postp:before:after	590
That could all change before next year 's election , however .	That could all change after next year 's election , however .	prep_postp:before:after	591
How many let you get in a round of golf before work ?	How many let you get in a round of golf after work ?	prep_postp:before:after	592
Sanchez was the top commander in Iraq shortly before the fall of Baghdad .	Sanchez was the top commander in Iraq shortly after the fall of Baghdad .	prep_postp:before:after	593
But nervous PBS managers pulled the film before broadcast .	But nervous PBS managers pulled the film after broadcast .	prep_postp:before:after	594
1980 - Martial law declared before student demonstrations .	1980 - Martial law declared after student demonstrations .	prep_postp:before:after	595
He left the yeshiva before a few months , ending his formal education .	He left the yeshiva after a few months , ending his formal education .	prep_postp:before:after	596
Before the show , the crowd tumbled out of the club .	After the show , the crowd tumbled out of the club .	prep_postp:before:after	597
They were wounded before Operation Sadiq Sarbaaz , or Honest Soldier .	They were wounded during Operation Sadiq Sarbaaz , or Honest Soldier .	prep_postp:before:during	598
They opened just before Labor Day .	They opened just after Labor Day .	prep_postp:before:after	599
, before meeting with the nominee , said they will support Southwick .	, after meeting with the nominee , said they will support Southwick .	prep_postp:before:after	600
, said just before the vote .	, said just after the vote .	prep_postp:before:after	601
The evidence was shared with lawyers before the discovery process .	The evidence was shared with lawyers during the discovery process .	prep_postp:before:during	602
Before such a nerve-racking night , Arbour said he did not miss coaching .	After such a nerve-racking night , Arbour said he did not miss coaching .	prep_postp:before:after	603
Kerns ' father , Ben Kerns , declined to comment before the hearing .	Kerns ' father , Ben Kerns , declined to comment after the hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	604
8 , five days before the fight , SI.com reported .	8 , five days after the fight , SI.com reported .	prep_postp:before:after	605
Last week , stock finished higher before a string of volatile sessions .	Last week , stock finished higher after a string of volatile sessions .	prep_postp:before:after	606
Four Charter executives pleaded guilty to criminal charges before a lengthy federal investigation .	Four Charter executives pleaded guilty to criminal charges after a lengthy federal investigation .	prep_postp:before:after	607
Before the conversion , I renovated the kitchen .	After the conversion , I renovated the kitchen .	prep_postp:before:after	608
I did not even feel anything before that .	I did not even feel anything after that .	prep_postp:before:after	609
Royal Mail and the CWU issued a joint statement before the talks .	Royal Mail and the CWU issued a joint statement after the talks .	prep_postp:before:after	610
His former team looked nothing like it did before his five-year tenure .	His former team looked nothing like it did during his five-year tenure .	prep_postp:before:during	611
I can become very confident before these competitions .	I can become very confident after these competitions .	prep_postp:before:after	612
This comes before an 83.2 % return for the FXI in 2006 .	This comes after an 83.2 % return for the FXI in 2006 .	prep_postp:before:after	613
The poet and author Vernon Scannell has died before a long illness .	The poet and author Vernon Scannell has died after a long illness .	prep_postp:before:after	614
Some major league coaches started wearing helmets before the rest of the season .	Some major league coaches started wearing helmets during the rest of the season .	prep_postp:before:during	615
They go away before a few seconds .	They go away after a few seconds .	prep_postp:before:after	616
The game was decided early before a small and quiet Christmas week crowd .	The game was decided early after a small and quiet Christmas week crowd .	prep_postp:before:after	617
U.S. and Iraqi troops lead away detainees before an operation earlier this year .	U.S. and Iraqi troops lead away detainees after an operation earlier this year .	prep_postp:before:after	618
She was disqualified then for signing an incorrect scorecard before the third round .	She was disqualified then for signing an incorrect scorecard after the third round .	prep_postp:before:after	619
Before the award ceremony , he urged the Chinese to do the same .	During the award ceremony , he urged the Chinese to do the same .	prep_postp:before:during	620
The motorcyclist was also taken to hospital before the crash at 1815 BST .	The motorcyclist was also taken to hospital after the crash at 1815 BST .	prep_postp:before:after	621
" " He always seemed to be level-headed and fine before those meetings .	" " He always seemed to be level-headed and fine during those meetings .	prep_postp:before:during	622
Many talk shows were expected to be shown in repeats before the strike .	Many talk shows were expected to be shown in repeats during the strike .	prep_postp:before:during	623
The station will be reassembled before the Olympic torch relay next summer .	The station will be reassembled after the Olympic torch relay next summer .	prep_postp:before:after	624
But before Piniella 's blow-up , the Cubs started playing better .	But after Piniella 's blow-up , the Cubs started playing better .	prep_postp:before:after	625
The announcement was made about four hours before game time .	The announcement was made about four hours after game time .	prep_postp:before:after	626
Three children were located before the end of the race !	Three children were located after the end of the race !	prep_postp:before:after	627
The verdicts were announced before a two-month trial and 19 days of deliberation .	The verdicts were announced after a two-month trial and 19 days of deliberation .	prep_postp:before:after	628
Only a fool would have stayed in the market before the dot-com collapse .	Only a fool would have stayed in the market after the dot-com collapse .	prep_postp:before:after	629
Do the current polls tell us anything a year before the election ?	Do the current polls tell us anything a year after the election ?	prep_postp:before:after	630
His wife divorced him before his arrest .	His wife divorced him after his arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	631
Spain had several chances to break the deadlock before half time .	Spain had several chances to break the deadlock after half time .	prep_postp:before:after	632
There are lifelong Angelenos who have never been downtown before sunset .	There are lifelong Angelenos who have never been downtown after sunset .	prep_postp:before:after	633
The suspects were arrested the day before the bombing , Rashid added .	The suspects were arrested the day after the bombing , Rashid added .	prep_postp:before:after	634
The center was closed pending a hearing Thursday before an administrative law judge .	The center was closed pending a hearing Thursday after an administrative law judge .	prep_postp:before:after	635
Winfrey showed up before hours at the Herms flagship store in Paris .	Winfrey showed up after hours at the Herms flagship store in Paris .	prep_postp:before:after	636
Before the speech , he was still unsure .	After the speech , he was still unsure .	prep_postp:before:after	637
Before World War II , bay harvests dwindled and seafood-packing companies went bust .	After World War II , bay harvests dwindled and seafood-packing companies went bust .	prep_postp:before:after	638
He averaged 3.0 points before the injury .	He averaged 3.0 points after the injury .	prep_postp:before:after	639
N.H.L. players are wearing pink decals on their helmets before October .	N.H.L. players are wearing pink decals on their helmets during October .	prep_postp:before:during	640
Cocaine prices were said to have doubled , before a crack-down on smuggling .	Cocaine prices were said to have doubled , after a crack-down on smuggling .	prep_postp:before:after	641
Heck , the Miami Dolphins abandoned the place before the 1986 season .	Heck , the Miami Dolphins abandoned the place after the 1986 season .	prep_postp:before:after	642
Bonds was a .196 career hitter in the playoffs before that October .	Bonds was a .196 career hitter in the playoffs after that October .	prep_postp:before:after	643
The Browns ( 2-3 ) had shown promise before years of mediocrity .	The Browns ( 2-3 ) had shown promise after years of mediocrity .	prep_postp:before:after	644
Detroit turned in an 11-18 record before August .	Detroit turned in an 11-18 record during August .	prep_postp:before:during	645
The verdict came before a three-week trial in D.C. Superior Court .	The verdict came after a three-week trial in D.C. Superior Court .	prep_postp:before:after	646
Before the Cape 's early days , humor lightened long workdays .	During the Cape 's early days , humor lightened long workdays .	prep_postp:before:during	647
Before months of physical therapy , I still occasionally hobbled when I walked .	After months of physical therapy , I still occasionally hobbled when I walked .	prep_postp:before:after	648
Why do you wake up before the night ?	Why do you wake up during the night ?	prep_postp:before:during	649
The ancient artefacts will return to London before a gap of 35 years .	The ancient artefacts will return to London after a gap of 35 years .	prep_postp:before:after	650
Where can you take in a yoga class before your lunch hour ?	Where can you take in a yoga class during your lunch hour ?	prep_postp:before:during	651
What happened before previous Iowa caucus results ?	What happened after previous Iowa caucus results ?	prep_postp:before:after	652
While provost , Dumbarton council launched several regeneration programmes before the Denny closure .	While provost , Dumbarton council launched several regeneration programmes after the Denny closure .	prep_postp:before:after	653
She also alleged that she was videotaped before a strip search .	She also alleged that she was videotaped during a strip search .	prep_postp:before:during	654
Forecasters said it was likely to turn east before striking Florida .	Forecasters said it was likely to turn east after striking Florida .	prep_postp:before:after	655
Many residents refused to speak to them before Van Hollen 's statement .	Many residents refused to speak to them after Van Hollen 's statement .	prep_postp:before:after	656
The militants successfully kidnapped an Afghan man before the gunbattle , he said .	The militants successfully kidnapped an Afghan man during the gunbattle , he said .	prep_postp:before:during	657
It was days before Price 's 21st birthday .	It was days after Price 's 21st birthday .	prep_postp:before:after	658
It has to be renewed every year before approval by parliament .	It has to be renewed every year after approval by parliament .	prep_postp:before:after	659
Rebecca had not been happy the year before last .	Rebecca had not been happy the year after last .	prep_postp:before:after	660
All About Geophysics  Peru He left Britain for the US before university .	All About Geophysics  Peru He left Britain for the US after university .	prep_postp:before:after	661
The 12-year-old Muhammad was killed before the incident in September 2000 .	The 12-year-old Muhammad was killed during the incident in September 2000 .	prep_postp:before:during	662
Nobody was injured before the incident .	Nobody was injured during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	663
Like players , head coaches do not have prime views before games .	Like players , head coaches do not have prime views during games .	prep_postp:before:during	664
What tasks did the Discovery crew perform before its recent mission in space ?	What tasks did the Discovery crew perform during its recent mission in space ?	prep_postp:before:during	665
The occupants of the apartment were arrested before a struggle .	The occupants of the apartment were arrested after a struggle .	prep_postp:before:after	666
Before some small wins , she started to hit bigger .	After some small wins , she started to hit bigger .	prep_postp:before:after	667
Bombay is liquidating its inventory through the stores before the holiday season .	Bombay is liquidating its inventory through the stores during the holiday season .	prep_postp:before:during	668
Quett Masire , former vice-president , is made president before National Assembly vote .	Quett Masire , former vice-president , is made president after National Assembly vote .	prep_postp:before:after	669
Healthy athletes ' hearts will shrink before that time .	Healthy athletes ' hearts will shrink during that time .	prep_postp:before:during	670
The general is scheduled to testify Monday before Congress .	The general is scheduled to testify Monday after Congress .	prep_postp:before:after	671
Bhutto hopes to secure a third term as prime minister before January elections .	Bhutto hopes to secure a third term as prime minister after January elections .	prep_postp:before:after	672
" " The peak is happening just before low water .	" " The peak is happening just after low water .	prep_postp:before:after	673
Liverpool striker peter Crouch will be available before a one match ban .	Liverpool striker peter Crouch will be available after a one match ban .	prep_postp:before:after	674
He lost his first appeal a year before his conviction .	He lost his first appeal a year after his conviction .	prep_postp:before:after	675
Most turn pale green and become slightly shiny shortly before coloring .	Most turn pale green and become slightly shiny shortly after coloring .	prep_postp:before:after	676
Five people were hurt before the evacuation .	Five people were hurt during the evacuation .	prep_postp:before:during	677
But this one was unique because of what happened before the chase .	But this one was unique because of what happened during the chase .	prep_postp:before:during	678
AFGE is prepared to again argue our case before the District Court .	AFGE is prepared to again argue our case after the District Court .	prep_postp:before:after	679
The deal is expected to close before the end of the year .	The deal is expected to close after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	680
That issue is not even before the court in the Kentucky case .	That issue is not even after the court in the Kentucky case .	prep_postp:before:after	681
He is due before magistrates in Coventry on Monday .	He is due after magistrates in Coventry on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	682
Ibrahim and Kaiser cemented a long-term relationship before the visit .	Ibrahim and Kaiser cemented a long-term relationship during the visit .	prep_postp:before:during	683
The Company opened 8 stores and closed 8 stores before the quarter .	The Company opened 8 stores and closed 8 stores during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	684
Giuliani also took about 25 swings of batting practice before the rally .	Giuliani also took about 25 swings of batting practice after the rally .	prep_postp:before:after	685
Open before normal park hours , the swimming area is for dogs only .	Open during normal park hours , the swimming area is for dogs only .	prep_postp:before:during	686
They earned it before Saturday 's history-making spacewalk .	They earned it after Saturday 's history-making spacewalk .	prep_postp:before:after	687
Airlines are reporting record profits before a boom in air travel .	Airlines are reporting record profits after a boom in air travel .	prep_postp:before:after	688
The two men spoke on the phone before the announcement .	The two men spoke on the phone after the announcement .	prep_postp:before:after	689
Customer orders for this facility will not be impacted before the sales process .	Customer orders for this facility will not be impacted during the sales process .	prep_postp:before:during	690
Personal injuries and train accidents also declined before Mr. Ward 's tenure .	Personal injuries and train accidents also declined during Mr. Ward 's tenure .	prep_postp:before:during	691
He was cut by New England before the start of the season .	He was cut by New England after the start of the season .	prep_postp:before:after	692
The court announced the decision before a hearing Monday .	The court announced the decision during a hearing Monday .	prep_postp:before:during	693
Before the program , participants will take audience questions .	After the program , participants will take audience questions .	prep_postp:before:after	694
Several alternative proposals were suggested before public consultation earlier this year .	Several alternative proposals were suggested during public consultation earlier this year .	prep_postp:before:during	695
Barclays said that it was inappropriate for them to comment before an investigation .	Barclays said that it was inappropriate for them to comment during an investigation .	prep_postp:before:during	696
People are so up for it in the Conservative Party before that .	People are so up for it in the Conservative Party after that .	prep_postp:before:after	697
My bet is that it 'll get tweaked before this year .	My bet is that it 'll get tweaked after this year .	prep_postp:before:after	698
Four U.S. soldiers and an Iraqi translator were killed before the ambush .	Four U.S. soldiers and an Iraqi translator were killed during the ambush .	prep_postp:before:during	699
Before that , Brunswick News obtained an unusual private search warrant .	After that , Brunswick News obtained an unusual private search warrant .	prep_postp:before:after	700
Thomas insisted he was innocent before the verdict .	Thomas insisted he was innocent after the verdict .	prep_postp:before:after	701
But she apparently was injured before the race .	But she apparently was injured during the race .	prep_postp:before:during	702
People take the train and literally walk over them before rush hour .	People take the train and literally walk over them during rush hour .	prep_postp:before:during	703
But he also said nothing was certain before another disappointing season .	But he also said nothing was certain after another disappointing season .	prep_postp:before:after	704
A live cartridge and a taser gun were also seized before the raids .	A live cartridge and a taser gun were also seized during the raids .	prep_postp:before:during	705
Retailers also advanced sharply , before Best Buy Co .	Retailers also advanced sharply , after Best Buy Co .	prep_postp:before:after	706
Bin Laden 's last video appeared shortly before the 2004 U.S. presidential election .	Bin Laden 's last video appeared shortly after the 2004 U.S. presidential election .	prep_postp:before:after	707
White had good drawing chances before 31.h4 !	White had good drawing chances after 31.h4 !	prep_postp:before:after	708
Both reviews are to be finished before the end of the year .	Both reviews are to be finished after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	709
He had suffered 55 % burns before a 33,000-volt shock .	He had suffered 55 % burns after a 33,000-volt shock .	prep_postp:before:after	710
Questions raised before statement about father and Martin Luther King Jr .	Questions raised after statement about father and Martin Luther King Jr .	prep_postp:before:after	711
Before Craig 's announcement , Ensign had strongly suggested that he resign .	After Craig 's announcement , Ensign had strongly suggested that he resign .	prep_postp:before:after	712
2006 September - King Taufa 'ahau Tupou IV dies before a long illness .	2006 September - King Taufa 'ahau Tupou IV dies after a long illness .	prep_postp:before:after	713
The Rose Bowl seemed an unlikely destination before then-No .	The Rose Bowl seemed an unlikely destination after then-No .	prep_postp:before:after	714
She had just got off a bus before a night out with friends .	She had just got off a bus after a night out with friends .	prep_postp:before:after	715
UAW and Chrysler bargainers reached the agreement Oct. 10 before a six-hour strike .	UAW and Chrysler bargainers reached the agreement Oct. 10 after a six-hour strike .	prep_postp:before:after	716
Hostages eventually reported to have been released before fierce fighting .	Hostages eventually reported to have been released after fierce fighting .	prep_postp:before:after	717
We will know more before Monday .	We will know more after Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	718
The Giants announced Friday they would part ways with Bonds before this season .	The Giants announced Friday they would part ways with Bonds after this season .	prep_postp:before:after	719
They said the shooting took place before a brief chase .	They said the shooting took place after a brief chase .	prep_postp:before:after	720
The players see a more serious side of Gillispie before practice .	The players see a more serious side of Gillispie during practice .	prep_postp:before:during	721
Ladder rescue before flat blaze But Sunday , the bench belonged to Posada .	Ladder rescue during flat blaze But Sunday , the bench belonged to Posada .	prep_postp:before:during	722
Crocker and Petraeus are to testify before Congress next week .	Crocker and Petraeus are to testify after Congress next week .	prep_postp:before:after	723
, said before a recent visit .	, said during a recent visit .	prep_postp:before:during	724
Eight months before his deployment , he was shot in a Baghdad street .	Eight months after his deployment , he was shot in a Baghdad street .	prep_postp:before:after	725
Both Italians were wounded before the operation , one seriously .	Both Italians were wounded during the operation , one seriously .	prep_postp:before:during	726
Before summer thunderstorms , connecting bags and travelers only gets tougher .	During summer thunderstorms , connecting bags and travelers only gets tougher .	prep_postp:before:during	727
Seiders does not expect home sales to hit bottom before early next year .	Seiders does not expect home sales to hit bottom after early next year .	prep_postp:before:after	728
In addition , three employees took 90-day leaves before the robbery .	In addition , three employees took 90-day leaves after the robbery .	prep_postp:before:after	729
Just before that , Moises Alou tied the score with a single .	Just after that , Moises Alou tied the score with a single .	prep_postp:before:after	730
Has Shawn seen any of the friends he made before his captivity ?	Has Shawn seen any of the friends he made during his captivity ?	prep_postp:before:during	731
True , the eclecticism of awards-show dressing started to die well before Zoe .	True , the eclecticism of awards-show dressing started to die well after Zoe .	prep_postp:before:after	732
Vonn almost gave up hope of winning before a series of early mistakes .	Vonn almost gave up hope of winning after a series of early mistakes .	prep_postp:before:after	733
ExxonMobil earned $ 19.5 billion before the same period .	ExxonMobil earned $ 19.5 billion during the same period .	prep_postp:before:during	734
Lay died before his sentencing date .	Lay died after his sentencing date .	prep_postp:before:after	735
Ben Johnson could not prove he was the real deal before Seoul .	Ben Johnson could not prove he was the real deal after Seoul .	prep_postp:before:after	736
He is our No. 1 guy before the season .	He is our No. 1 guy during the season .	prep_postp:before:during	737
Before last year 's effort , 2,802 employees donated 16,702 volunteer hours .	During last year 's effort , 2,802 employees donated 16,702 volunteer hours .	prep_postp:before:during	738
They said he struggled with officers before his arrest .	They said he struggled with officers during his arrest .	prep_postp:before:during	739
But one investor in the center had pulled out before yesterday 's decision .	But one investor in the center had pulled out after yesterday 's decision .	prep_postp:before:after	740
Before that band 's breakup , he founded the Zawinul Syndicate in 1987 .	After that band 's breakup , he founded the Zawinul Syndicate in 1987 .	prep_postp:before:after	741
It disappointed the umbrella to be withdrawn straight before the interval .	It disappointed the umbrella to be withdrawn straight after the interval .	prep_postp:before:after	742
But , before that , Matsuzaka turned into a highly paid spectator .	But , after that , Matsuzaka turned into a highly paid spectator .	prep_postp:before:after	743
Lundqvist made two in-close saves on Lecavalier before the first .	Lundqvist made two in-close saves on Lecavalier during the first .	prep_postp:before:during	744
Three days of mourning had halted trading before Bhutto 's assassination Thursday .	Three days of mourning had halted trading after Bhutto 's assassination Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	745
Before that , it was essential Cook stayed the course .	After that , it was essential Cook stayed the course .	prep_postp:before:after	746
Nowak was fired as an astronaut a month before her arrest .	Nowak was fired as an astronaut a month after her arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	747
Before the high of the weekend , everything stopped .	After the high of the weekend , everything stopped .	prep_postp:before:after	748
Sales climbed 0.4 percent , before a 0.2 percent gain in July .	Sales climbed 0.4 percent , after a 0.2 percent gain in July .	prep_postp:before:after	749
British tourist Adrian Exley died before a three-day bondage session .	British tourist Adrian Exley died during a three-day bondage session .	prep_postp:before:during	750
He had it done months before a nasty divorce .	He had it done months after a nasty divorce .	prep_postp:before:after	751
He played with three different teams before that time .	He played with three different teams during that time .	prep_postp:before:during	752
It is not uncommon to see something fall off the structure before games .	It is not uncommon to see something fall off the structure during games .	prep_postp:before:during	753
The archived webcast will be available for sixty days before the event .	The archived webcast will be available for sixty days after the event .	prep_postp:before:after	754
However , do not ask about being reimbursed before the interview .	However , do not ask about being reimbursed during the interview .	prep_postp:before:during	755
She was released from jail shortly before her arrest .	She was released from jail shortly after her arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	756
Several Hezbollah members were captured before last year 's war .	Several Hezbollah members were captured during last year 's war .	prep_postp:before:during	757
My dad was like his father before the war .	My dad was like his father during the war .	prep_postp:before:during	758
id = 1578482007 Navy scored twice before halftime .	id = 1578482007 Navy scored twice after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	759
Before his 20-minute speech , Abbas credited Arafat with uniting his fractured people .	During his 20-minute speech , Abbas credited Arafat with uniting his fractured people .	prep_postp:before:during	760
That was apparent before the Scarlet Knights ' 38-14 victory Saturday over Syracuse .	That was apparent during the Scarlet Knights ' 38-14 victory Saturday over Syracuse .	prep_postp:before:during	761
Escaped Killers Caught Before Wyo .	Escaped Killers Caught After Wyo .	prep_postp:before:after	762
And her multiple sclerosis is advancing again before years of remission .	And her multiple sclerosis is advancing again after years of remission .	prep_postp:before:after	763
Before dinner , the fly-fishing guide Lisa Cutter provided casting lessons .	After dinner , the fly-fishing guide Lisa Cutter provided casting lessons .	prep_postp:before:after	764
The 19-year-old , from Holland , is due before Harwich magistrates on Monday .	The 19-year-old , from Holland , is due after Harwich magistrates on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	765
But now before reconciliation talks and political agreements , Togo is inching forward .	But now after reconciliation talks and political agreements , Togo is inching forward .	prep_postp:before:after	766
The existing vaccine is largely ineffective before childhood .	The existing vaccine is largely ineffective after childhood .	prep_postp:before:after	767
Livor mortis suggests an appearance of bruising that occurs before death .	Livor mortis suggests an appearance of bruising that occurs after death .	prep_postp:before:after	768
The zoo 's Lion House was temporarily closed before an investigation .	The zoo 's Lion House was temporarily closed during an investigation .	prep_postp:before:during	769
Since long before this war , forgiveness has been Iraq 's greatest challenge .	Since long after this war , forgiveness has been Iraq 's greatest challenge .	prep_postp:before:after	770
Steger initially seemed to accept the criticism before an afternoon news conference .	Steger initially seemed to accept the criticism during an afternoon news conference .	prep_postp:before:during	771
Djokovic crossed himself before his latest successful attempt .	Djokovic crossed himself after his latest successful attempt .	prep_postp:before:after	772
Before the research , Settle found distinctive types of hovering parents .	During the research , Settle found distinctive types of hovering parents .	prep_postp:before:during	773
Byrd spoke to his teammates before the game .	Byrd spoke to his teammates after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	774
Before years of delays , the trial is expected to begin in 2008 .	After years of delays , the trial is expected to begin in 2008 .	prep_postp:before:after	775
Before that , the two started dating again .	After that , the two started dating again .	prep_postp:before:after	776
Zednik 's goal came before a 5-on-3 power play .	Zednik 's goal came during a 5-on-3 power play .	prep_postp:before:during	777
About 200 workers are available to clean each restroom before each use .	About 200 workers are available to clean each restroom after each use .	prep_postp:before:after	778
Before months of impasse , America 's trade policy may be inching forward .	AFTER months of impasse , America 's trade policy may be inching forward .	prep_postp:before:after	779
Kelly was acquitted of first-degree murder before a trial in June .	Kelly was acquitted of first-degree murder after a trial in June .	prep_postp:before:after	780
The violence came shortly before Chavez 's brief ouster in a coup .	The violence came shortly after Chavez 's brief ouster in a coup .	prep_postp:before:after	781
A hearing was set for Dec. 18 before a trial judge .	A hearing was set for Dec. 18 after a trial judge .	prep_postp:before:after	782
26 , came before a two-day national strike .	26 , came after a two-day national strike .	prep_postp:before:after	783
Before that , she may go visit Leslie 's grave .	After that , she may go visit Leslie 's grave .	prep_postp:before:after	784
He reunited with Lindsay in September before a 3  -year estrangement .	He reunited with Lindsay in September after a 3  -year estrangement .	prep_postp:before:after	785
Mientkiewicz also walked twice and scored before a perfect night at the plate .	Mientkiewicz also walked twice and scored during a perfect night at the plate .	prep_postp:before:during	786
But they acknowledge there were other , similar cases before the war .	But they acknowledge there were other , similar cases during the war .	prep_postp:before:during	787
The crackdown on toy makers came two weeks before Mattel Inc .	The crackdown on toy makers came two weeks after Mattel Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	788
Last year , he received only two calls before the entire fall semester .	Last year , he received only two calls during the entire fall semester .	prep_postp:before:during	789
" It was my first tournament before a month-and-a-half , " said Nadal .	" It was my first tournament after a month-and-a-half , " said Nadal .	prep_postp:before:after	790
Before the narrow win in 2006 , Cubin appeared humbled .	After the narrow win in 2006 , Cubin appeared humbled .	prep_postp:before:after	791
There were few surprising results before the NFL 's opening weekend .	There were few surprising results during the NFL 's opening weekend .	prep_postp:before:during	792
Fans were still waiting for a public appearance a year before his surgery .	Fans were still waiting for a public appearance a year after his surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	793
A replay will be available before the call for 30 days .	A replay will be available after the call for 30 days .	prep_postp:before:after	794
Walker was the only recruit sought by UConn before the early signing period .	Walker was the only recruit sought by UConn during the early signing period .	prep_postp:before:during	795
Later , before my valuation , he is still putty in my hands .	Later , after my valuation , he is still putty in my hands .	prep_postp:before:after	796
Pyongyang also increased WFP access around the country before the August floods .	Pyongyang also increased WFP access around the country after the August floods .	prep_postp:before:after	797
" I cannot make that commitment , " Edwards said before the debate .	" I cannot make that commitment , " Edwards said during the debate .	prep_postp:before:during	798
The Indians were loose , too , before their biggest game this season .	The Indians were loose , too , after their biggest game this season .	prep_postp:before:after	799
Q : My boyfriend says he likes name-calling before sex .	Q : My boyfriend says he likes name-calling during sex .	prep_postp:before:during	800
J.D. Drew hit an RBI double before a two-run fourth .	J.D. Drew hit an RBI double during a two-run fourth .	prep_postp:before:during	801
Jama will appear before Leeds Magistrates on Friday morning .	Jama will appear after Leeds Magistrates on Friday morning .	prep_postp:before:after	802
That model of risk management changed radically before the Industrial Revolution .	That model of risk management changed radically during the Industrial Revolution .	prep_postp:before:during	803
He was replaced before the first-game loss by freshman Jimmy Clausen .	He was replaced after the first-game loss by freshman Jimmy Clausen .	prep_postp:before:after	804
New Orleans shrank to less than half its original population before the storm .	New Orleans shrank to less than half its original population after the storm .	prep_postp:before:after	805
Several senators invoked the editorial before the debate .	Several senators invoked the editorial during the debate .	prep_postp:before:during	806
Before that , she decided to use Keys .	After that , she decided to use Keys .	prep_postp:before:after	807
She said he clearly was in need of artificial nutrition well before then .	She said he clearly was in need of artificial nutrition well after then .	prep_postp:before:after	808
Opening statements were expected Thursday before more than three days of jury selection .	Opening statements were expected Thursday after more than three days of jury selection .	prep_postp:before:after	809
Lohan and Giles broke off their relationship shortly before Thanksgiving .	Lohan and Giles broke off their relationship shortly after Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:after	810
He says he is going to pick them up before class .	He says he is going to pick them up after class .	prep_postp:before:after	811
Troops recovered weapons and ammunition before the raid , the statement said .	Troops recovered weapons and ammunition during the raid , the statement said .	prep_postp:before:during	812
He is due to appear before Northampton magistrates later .	He is due to appear after Northampton magistrates later .	prep_postp:before:after	813
They met Isabel in the parking lot before the lesson .	They met Isabel in the parking lot after the lesson .	prep_postp:before:after	814
That is for before the game .	That is for after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	815
He went 15-8 before the regular season .	He went 15-8 during the regular season .	prep_postp:before:during	816
About ICSA Labs The two agencies have both gone before unscrupulous traders .	About ICSA Labs The two agencies have both gone after unscrupulous traders .	prep_postp:before:after	817
... He called for elections before Fidel Castro 's death .	... He called for elections after Fidel Castro 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	818
Also played was a voicemail Simpson left for Riccio before the confrontation .	Also played was a voicemail Simpson left for Riccio after the confrontation .	prep_postp:before:after	819
Ms Sherriff joined the library in 2006 before graduating from Bath University .	Ms Sherriff joined the library in 2006 after graduating from Bath University .	prep_postp:before:after	820
But before the late 1990s , Gateway started to falter .	But during the late 1990s , Gateway started to falter .	prep_postp:before:during	821
All acquisitions included herein were consummated on or before September 30 , 2007 .	All acquisitions included herein were consummated on or after September 30 , 2007 .	prep_postp:before:after	822
Wright looked and sounded numb before a painful loss .	Wright looked and sounded numb after a painful loss .	prep_postp:before:after	823
Twenty women and 12 men were hospitalized before the collapse .	Twenty women and 12 men were hospitalized after the collapse .	prep_postp:before:after	824
An I-Reporter shot this video before the earthquake .	An I-Reporter shot this video during the earthquake .	prep_postp:before:during	825
I did it before some periods .	I did it during some periods .	prep_postp:before:during	826
The technology is modeled before HP 's inkjet-printer technology .	The technology is modeled after HP 's inkjet-printer technology .	prep_postp:before:after	827
Survey managers occasionally briefed the FAA before the project .	Survey managers occasionally briefed the FAA during the project .	prep_postp:before:during	828
Tennis coach guilty of sex abuse She weighed 368 pounds before the surgery .	Tennis coach guilty of sex abuse She weighed 368 pounds after the surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	829
All four men will appear before a judge at Birmingham Crown Court .	All four men will appear after a judge at Birmingham Crown Court .	prep_postp:before:after	830
The game was tied 10-10 before a sloppy first half .	The game was tied 10-10 after a sloppy first half .	prep_postp:before:after	831
Before the film , I thought he was not in reality .	After the film , I thought he was not in reality .	prep_postp:before:after	832
A call to Agriculture Department officials was not returned before the hearing .	A call to Agriculture Department officials was not returned after the hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	833
She could not remember anything before that .	She could not remember anything after that .	prep_postp:before:after	834
Before that , he met British troops in Basra in November 2006 .	After that , he met British troops in Basra in November 2006 .	prep_postp:before:after	835
Before that interception , Belichick sent Brady back in the game .	After that interception , Belichick sent Brady back in the game .	prep_postp:before:after	836
He jawed at plate umpire Larry Vanover before the call .	He jawed at plate umpire Larry Vanover after the call .	prep_postp:before:after	837
Before that , though , Wang had to finish his shaky first .	After that , though , Wang had to finish his shaky first .	prep_postp:before:after	838
Bhagat said he was very much relieved before his operation .	Bhagat said he was very much relieved after his operation .	prep_postp:before:after	839
No one was injured before the arrest .	No one was injured during the arrest .	prep_postp:before:during	840
There were two assassination attempts on him before his presidency .	There were two assassination attempts on him during his presidency .	prep_postp:before:during	841
Ms Bhutto left Pakistan in 1999 to live abroad shortly before her conviction .	Ms Bhutto left Pakistan in 1999 to live abroad shortly after her conviction .	prep_postp:before:after	842
Nine Republican presidential candidates share a photo-op moment before the debate Tuesday night .	Nine Republican presidential candidates share a photo-op moment after the debate Tuesday night .	prep_postp:before:after	843
Mr. Wu took long walks before dinner .	Mr. Wu took long walks after dinner .	prep_postp:before:after	844
Sam Stitt never thought about the Olympics when he kept rowing before college .	Sam Stitt never thought about the Olympics when he kept rowing after college .	prep_postp:before:after	845
Lever was shot by an accomplice of Golder before a break-in .	Lever was shot by an accomplice of Golder during a break-in .	prep_postp:before:during	846
He was arrested-with other Iraqis , before an arms search by a Britishplatoon .	He was arrested-with other Iraqis , during an arms search by a Britishplatoon .	prep_postp:before:during	847
Shelor said Hogan arrived at the scene minutes before the crash .	Shelor said Hogan arrived at the scene minutes after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	848
Reports said the deal came before fierce competition between Microsoft and Google .	Reports said the deal came after fierce competition between Microsoft and Google .	prep_postp:before:after	849
Go-Today.com will send you there before the winter for just $ 599 .	Go-Today.com will send you there during the winter for just $ 599 .	prep_postp:before:during	850
The Canadiens have yet to trail before the first period this season .	The Canadiens have yet to trail after the first period this season .	prep_postp:before:after	851
Memorial services are planned for a week before the verdict .	Memorial services are planned for a week after the verdict .	prep_postp:before:after	852
Circumcision is even before the courts .	Circumcision is even after the courts .	prep_postp:before:after	853
That was not even close to being true before the ban .	That was not even close to being true after the ban .	prep_postp:before:after	854
Before court the next day , both were full .	After court the next day , both were full .	prep_postp:before:after	855
But they are throwing down the gauntlet before Congress .	But they are throwing down the gauntlet after Congress .	prep_postp:before:after	856
He will keep the Colts alive before this tough time .	He will keep the Colts alive during this tough time .	prep_postp:before:during	857
The items were discovered before a recent routine check of the cells .	The items were discovered during a recent routine check of the cells .	prep_postp:before:during	858
A decision is not expected to be announced until before the World Series .	A decision is not expected to be announced until after the World Series .	prep_postp:before:after	859
Many respected medical journals describe the safety of taking methadone before pregnancy .	Many respected medical journals describe the safety of taking methadone during pregnancy .	prep_postp:before:during	860
Many were not disarmed before the peace deal .	Many were not disarmed after the peace deal .	prep_postp:before:after	861
Mukasey was expected to win confirmation easily in the full Senate before Thanksgiving .	Mukasey was expected to win confirmation easily in the full Senate after Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:after	862
He also says he heads outside if there is time before airport layovers .	He also says he heads outside if there is time during airport layovers .	prep_postp:before:during	863
And we were having some hard times before that .	And we were having some hard times after that .	prep_postp:before:after	864
Those nations who refuse to join will be called out before the world .	Those nations who refuse to join will be called out after the world .	prep_postp:before:after	865
Authorities began investigating Astin before the deaths of Benoit and his family .	Authorities began investigating Astin after the deaths of Benoit and his family .	prep_postp:before:after	866
Gravell got to know of this only minutes before his fatal heart attack .	Gravell got to know of this only minutes after his fatal heart attack .	prep_postp:before:after	867
Take time to examine your viewing habits before buying .	Take time to examine your viewing habits after buying .	prep_postp:before:after	868
Even before his coup , he ruled more or less by decree .	Even after his coup , he ruled more or less by decree .	prep_postp:before:after	869
The bar offers shaded canopies before the day .	The bar offers shaded canopies during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	870
Her health took a turn for the worse before the past week .	Her health took a turn for the worse during the past week .	prep_postp:before:during	871
Samoa has the world 's second-largest Polynesian group , before the Maori .	Samoa has the world 's second-largest Polynesian group , after the Maori .	prep_postp:before:after	872
But the gag does get tired before about 15 minutes of zombie-human interaction .	But the gag does get tired after about 15 minutes of zombie-human interaction .	prep_postp:before:after	873
Musharraf had telephoned her the morning before the attack , she said .	Musharraf had telephoned her the morning after the attack , she said .	prep_postp:before:after	874
He asked for an extension until before Labor Day .	He asked for an extension until after Labor Day .	prep_postp:before:after	875
Who knew there was so much sunlight before the day ?	Who knew there was so much sunlight during the day ?	prep_postp:before:during	876
He crooned in public before his campaign for the presidency in 2004 .	He crooned in public during his campaign for the presidency in 2004 .	prep_postp:before:during	877
But before that , things got murky .	But after that , things got murky .	prep_postp:before:after	878
Before trading possessions , Rondo hit Allen for a 3-pointer .	After trading possessions , Rondo hit Allen for a 3-pointer .	prep_postp:before:after	879
Those two violent leftist rebel groups were crushed before his presidency .	Those two violent leftist rebel groups were crushed during his presidency .	prep_postp:before:during	880
Dews scored eight points , including two 3-pointers , before the spurt .	Dews scored eight points , including two 3-pointers , during the spurt .	prep_postp:before:during	881
The contest was tied , 1-1 , before regulation .	The contest was tied , 1-1 , after regulation .	prep_postp:before:after	882
Moments earlier , Chicago had been awarded possession before a loose ball scramble .	Moments earlier , Chicago had been awarded possession after a loose ball scramble .	prep_postp:before:after	883
Before his acquittal , Mr. Awadallah returned home to California .	After his acquittal , Mr. Awadallah returned home to California .	prep_postp:before:after	884
Perhaps that is why my name was chanted before the Getafe game .	Perhaps that is why my name was chanted during the Getafe game .	prep_postp:before:during	885
A replacement building is expected to be delivered to the site before Christmas .	A replacement building is expected to be delivered to the site after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	886
Before graduating from Cambridge High School , Beverly left the tiny island .	After graduating from Cambridge High School , Beverly left the tiny island .	prep_postp:before:after	887
Bynum had three powerful dunks before halftime .	Bynum had three powerful dunks after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	888
Logan slid in safely before the tag , making it 8-4 .	Logan slid in safely after the tag , making it 8-4 .	prep_postp:before:after	889
Before the next kickoff , the Buckeyes took over at their own 22 .	After the next kickoff , the Buckeyes took over at their own 22 .	prep_postp:before:after	890
Meeting the Feds The Yankees also batted around before their five-run seventh .	Meeting the Feds The Yankees also batted around during their five-run seventh .	prep_postp:before:during	891
Authorities imposed an indefinite curfew before the bombing .	Authorities imposed an indefinite curfew after the bombing .	prep_postp:before:after	892
He will make his first formal appearance before a judge on Nov. 28 .	He will make his first formal appearance after a judge on Nov. 28 .	prep_postp:before:after	893
The president would step down before parliamentary elections in 2009 .	The president would step down after parliamentary elections in 2009 .	prep_postp:before:after	894
The incident occurred before a heavy rainfall .	The incident occurred during a heavy rainfall .	prep_postp:before:during	895
Before internal deliberations , Ajax granted permission .	After internal deliberations , Ajax granted permission .	prep_postp:before:after	896
" " They feel like women , even before the worst tragedy .	" " They feel like women , even during the worst tragedy .	prep_postp:before:during	897
Gov. Ghulam Dastagir Azad had entered the house shortly before the blast .	Gov. Ghulam Dastagir Azad had entered the house shortly after the blast .	prep_postp:before:after	898
Before that , he was director of government affairs at Westinghouse Corporation .	After that , he was director of government affairs at Westinghouse Corporation .	prep_postp:before:after	899
Missions continued before the interwar years .	Missions continued during the interwar years .	prep_postp:before:during	900
It is just before dawn on the Ramjhora estate in northern Bengal .	It is just after dawn on the Ramjhora estate in northern Bengal .	prep_postp:before:after	901
He plans to vacation outside the city before the Games .	He plans to vacation outside the city during the Games .	prep_postp:before:during	902
Four months before that , she remarried Mr Pollock .	Four months after that , she remarried Mr Pollock .	prep_postp:before:after	903
Best day in government : The day I testified before the Watergate Committee .	Best day in government : The day I testified after the Watergate Committee .	prep_postp:before:after	904
Preliminary indications are that a single breaker failed before operation .	Preliminary indications are that a single breaker failed during operation .	prep_postp:before:during	905
The 30-year-old mother had the three embryos implanted before in vitro fertilization .	The 30-year-old mother had the three embryos implanted after in vitro fertilization .	prep_postp:before:after	906
The new policy exempts orders placed before Aug. 10 from the certificate requirement .	The new policy exempts orders placed after Aug. 10 from the certificate requirement .	prep_postp:before:after	907
Fratto said by e-mail before the official ceremony .	Fratto said by e-mail after the official ceremony .	prep_postp:before:after	908
She disappeared just days before her fourth birthday .	She disappeared just days after her fourth birthday .	prep_postp:before:after	909
Recipients wear the initials CH before their name .	Recipients wear the initials CH after their name .	prep_postp:before:after	910
The base was closed for an hour before the incident .	The base was closed for an hour after the incident .	prep_postp:before:after	911
Soon before his death , Burma plunged into chaos .	Soon after his death , Burma plunged into chaos .	prep_postp:before:after	912
The company said all the toys were made before April 30 .	The company said all the toys were made after April 30 .	prep_postp:before:after	913
Before several hours , the protesters dispersed peacefully .	After several hours , the protesters dispersed peacefully .	prep_postp:before:after	914
Google 's shares soared by 20 percent before the same period .	Google 's shares soared by 20 percent during the same period .	prep_postp:before:during	915
The streak seems in jeopardy mostly between seasons , not before them .	The streak seems in jeopardy mostly between seasons , not during them .	prep_postp:before:during	916
They went back and forth before the summer of 1999 .	They went back and forth during the summer of 1999 .	prep_postp:before:during	917
But shortly before that , married women started to see things differently .	But shortly after that , married women started to see things differently .	prep_postp:before:after	918
It expects to complete the spinoff before the second quarter of 2008 .	It expects to complete the spinoff after the second quarter of 2008 .	prep_postp:before:after	919
The draft legislation was laid before the House of Commons on Tuesday .	The draft legislation was laid after the House of Commons on Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	920
Notes : @ Backstrom and Gaborik injured their groins before practice Saturday .	Notes : @ Backstrom and Gaborik injured their groins during practice Saturday .	prep_postp:before:during	921
Before October , client trades averaged 326,000 per day , he added .	During October , client trades averaged 326,000 per day , he added .	prep_postp:before:during	922
No motive was disclosed before the sheriff 's news conference .	No motive was disclosed during the sheriff 's news conference .	prep_postp:before:during	923
Even before the charges , Carona 's star had faded in recent years .	Even after the charges , Carona 's star had faded in recent years .	prep_postp:before:after	924
The fires are dominating political debate before the elections .	The fires are dominating political debate after the elections .	prep_postp:before:after	925
Still Israel 's booming stock indices dipped before the announcement .	Still Israel 's booming stock indices dipped after the announcement .	prep_postp:before:after	926
Commercial Break Here we are at the first break before half an hour .	Commercial Break Here we are at the first break after half an hour .	prep_postp:before:after	927
Phone calls to lawyers on both sides were not returned before the ruling .	Phone calls to lawyers on both sides were not returned after the ruling .	prep_postp:before:after	928
The killer died in hospital from a head wound hours before the attack .	The killer died in hospital from a head wound hours after the attack .	prep_postp:before:after	929
Some said a rate increase is unlikely before the middle of 2008 .	Some said a rate increase is unlikely after the middle of 2008 .	prep_postp:before:after	930
The plane landed safely shortly before noon .	The plane landed safely shortly after noon .	prep_postp:before:after	931
Water-rage A vote on the proposals is expected before Christmas .	Water-rage A vote on the proposals is expected after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	932
In each case , defendants have paid settlements before trial .	In each case , defendants have paid settlements after trial .	prep_postp:before:after	933
The Wendy 's bun got soggy before the first bite .	The Wendy 's bun got soggy after the first bite .	prep_postp:before:after	934
Before that , it is $ 18 .	After that , it is $ 18 .	prep_postp:before:after	935
Last year , Internet sales jumped 25 percent before the holiday season .	Last year , Internet sales jumped 25 percent during the holiday season .	prep_postp:before:during	936
Thomas and Marbury were booed before pregame introductions .	Thomas and Marbury were booed during pregame introductions .	prep_postp:before:during	937
Castillo said he played through pain before the first few plays .	Castillo said he played through pain during the first few plays .	prep_postp:before:during	938
We see very few Inuit before the day .	We see very few Inuit during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	939
Manhattan Investment Fund hid losses of $ 400m before its collapse in 2000 .	Manhattan Investment Fund hid losses of $ 400m after its collapse in 2000 .	prep_postp:before:after	940
In Lampu 'uk , there were 1,215 survivors one month before the tsunami .	In Lampu 'uk , there were 1,215 survivors one month after the tsunami .	prep_postp:before:after	941
Olmert 's office declined to comment before the questioning .	Olmert 's office declined to comment after the questioning .	prep_postp:before:after	942
There was speculation that Thomas had lost the team before Yahoo !	There was speculation that Thomas had lost the team after Yahoo !	prep_postp:before:after	943
The moon will remain above the horizon for a few minutes before sunup .	The moon will remain above the horizon for a few minutes after sunup .	prep_postp:before:after	944
The decision to leave the jobs in Derby came before a government consultation .	The decision to leave the jobs in Derby came after a government consultation .	prep_postp:before:after	945
Justine Henin finished her record-breaking season undefeated before Wimbledon .	Justine Henin finished her record-breaking season undefeated after Wimbledon .	prep_postp:before:after	946
They are due to appear before Chelmsford Magistrates ' Court .	They are due to appear after Chelmsford Magistrates ' Court .	prep_postp:before:after	947
He died before the night in a Nashville hospice , a spokeswoman said .	He died during the night in a Nashville hospice , a spokeswoman said .	prep_postp:before:during	948
How the house and my life had changed before his death .	How the house and my life had changed after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	949
There were strikes at two GM plants before contract negotiations in 1996 .	There were strikes at two GM plants during contract negotiations in 1996 .	prep_postp:before:during	950
The 9-year-old girl 's body was found Friday before a weeklong search .	The 9-year-old girl 's body was found Friday after a weeklong search .	prep_postp:before:after	951
Crime dropped dramatically before that , the FBI data show .	Crime dropped dramatically after that , the FBI data show .	prep_postp:before:after	952
Mangini said Vilma was injured before the game .	Mangini said Vilma was injured during the game .	prep_postp:before:during	953
Lawmaker who took control of her husband 's party before his death .	Lawmaker who took control of her husband 's party after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	954
She stopped by regularly before that , asking advice and telling funny stories .	She stopped by regularly after that , asking advice and telling funny stories .	prep_postp:before:after	955
He will appear before Leicester magistrates today .	He will appear after Leicester magistrates today .	prep_postp:before:after	956
Majid said the convoy raced away before the shooting .	Majid said the convoy raced away after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	957
Support and service gross margins were 37 % before both periods .	Support and service gross margins were 37 % during both periods .	prep_postp:before:during	958
Before the period , the business accounted for 48.5 % of Group revenue .	During the period , the business accounted for 48.5 % of Group revenue .	prep_postp:before:during	959
The Trojans seem to be returning to form before a slew of injuries .	The Trojans seem to be returning to form after a slew of injuries .	prep_postp:before:after	960
Barbour and Eaves quoted Scripture as they exchanged barbs before their campaigns .	Barbour and Eaves quoted Scripture as they exchanged barbs during their campaigns .	prep_postp:before:during	961
Before the Clinton administration , Kennedy was a key White House ally .	During the Clinton administration , Kennedy was a key White House ally .	prep_postp:before:during	962
In 1964 , he coached the national team before its pre-Olympic tour .	In 1964 , he coached the national team during its pre-Olympic tour .	prep_postp:before:during	963
A camouflage-jacketed Kerry even toted a shotgun before a goose hunt .	A camouflage-jacketed Kerry even toted a shotgun during a goose hunt .	prep_postp:before:during	964
Those issues must be settled before Mr. Bush 's trip .	Those issues must be settled after Mr. Bush 's trip .	prep_postp:before:after	965
Secondly , this legislation will strengthen support for families before the recovery process .	Secondly , this legislation will strengthen support for families during the recovery process .	prep_postp:before:during	966
Armfield to return before illness Dry ?	Armfield to return after illness Dry ?	prep_postp:before:after	967
Before this , though , the human characters predominate .	After this , though , the human characters predominate .	prep_postp:before:after	968
Giuliani has come on the scene before a historic ebb in Republican self-esteem .	Giuliani has come on the scene during a historic ebb in Republican self-esteem .	prep_postp:before:during	969
Guards were nearby before the interviews , but did not intervene .	Guards were nearby during the interviews , but did not intervene .	prep_postp:before:during	970
Before the game , they moved up to third .	After the game , they moved up to third .	prep_postp:before:after	971
University officials said the believed the gunman left campus immediately before the shooting .	University officials said the believed the gunman left campus immediately after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	972
Television reports indicate she died of bullet wounds suffered before the suicide bombing .	Television reports indicate she died of bullet wounds suffered after the suicide bombing .	prep_postp:before:after	973
His suspicions were confirmed by a dramatic incident before his shoot .	His suspicions were confirmed by a dramatic incident during his shoot .	prep_postp:before:during	974
My uncle died fighting for the Republicans before the Spanish Civil war .	My uncle died fighting for the Republicans during the Spanish Civil war .	prep_postp:before:during	975
The new findings reveal small size occurred evolutionarily before other flight innovations .	The new findings reveal small size occurred evolutionarily after other flight innovations .	prep_postp:before:after	976
Suspect Is Killed Before Chase Into Pr .	Suspect Is Killed After Chase Into Pr .	prep_postp:before:after	977
Corinthian was retired to stud duty by owner Centennial Farms before the race .	Corinthian was retired to stud duty by owner Centennial Farms after the race .	prep_postp:before:after	978
He tested the knee in the outfield and bullpen before the game Wednesday .	He tested the knee in the outfield and bullpen after the game Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	979
The CastleCourt shopping centre was evacuated on Monday afternoon before a bomb scare .	The CastleCourt shopping centre was evacuated on Monday afternoon after a bomb scare .	prep_postp:before:after	980
Local officials said replacements would arrive on Wednesday , the day before voting .	Local officials said replacements would arrive on Wednesday , the day after voting .	prep_postp:before:after	981
Steele 's and Hackett 's offices declined to comment before the arrests .	Steele 's and Hackett 's offices declined to comment after the arrests .	prep_postp:before:after	982
Before follow-up , 1,018 of the participants experienced heart failure .	During follow-up , 1,018 of the participants experienced heart failure .	prep_postp:before:during	983
The mission started in 2001 before the terrorist attacks in the United States .	The mission started in 2001 after the terrorist attacks in the United States .	prep_postp:before:after	984
Lumenis ultimately settled that case before trial .	Lumenis ultimately settled that case after trial .	prep_postp:before:after	985
Before Saturday , the two sides had not talked since Nov. 8 .	After Saturday , the two sides had not talked since Nov. 8 .	prep_postp:before:after	986
The findings are expected before the end of the year .	The findings are expected after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	987
Before breaks , Moore kept the jury candidates entertained .	During breaks , Moore kept the jury candidates entertained .	prep_postp:before:during	988
This photo was taken before a traditional , invasive colonoscopy .	This photo was taken during a traditional , invasive colonoscopy .	prep_postp:before:during	989
Notes : @ Hannahan went 11-for-27 ( .407 ) before the homestand .	Notes : @ Hannahan went 11-for-27 ( .407 ) during the homestand .	prep_postp:before:during	990
Before a brief discussion , he was allowed to continue on his way .	After a brief discussion , he was allowed to continue on his way .	prep_postp:before:after	991
, which Krongard testified before a day earlier .	, which Krongard testified after a day earlier .	prep_postp:before:after	992
Hcker fled Auschwitz before the camp 's liberation .	Hcker fled Auschwitz after the camp 's liberation .	prep_postp:before:after	993
However , Villa hit back before the interval .	However , Villa hit back after the interval .	prep_postp:before:after	994
Dews scored 8 points , including two 3-pointers , before the spurt .	Dews scored 8 points , including two 3-pointers , during the spurt .	prep_postp:before:during	995
Instead , birthdays will be celebrated before assemblies .	Instead , birthdays will be celebrated during assemblies .	prep_postp:before:during	996
Family physicians must complete three years of residency training before medical school .	Family physicians must complete three years of residency training after medical school .	prep_postp:before:after	997
He was undone by a concussion sustained before the 2005 season .	He was undone by a concussion sustained during the 2005 season .	prep_postp:before:during	998
Smith was far from complacent before the game .	Smith was far from complacent after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	999
Richardson brushed off the exchange before the game .	Richardson brushed off the exchange after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	1000
She rubbed her right arm repeatedly before a meeting with reporters on Wednesday .	She rubbed her right arm repeatedly during a meeting with reporters on Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:during	1001
Phil Reay Smith filed this report before last night 's explosion in Karachi .	Phil Reay Smith filed this report after last night 's explosion in Karachi .	prep_postp:before:after	1002
Before a tour of the school , there were several moments of upheaval .	During a tour of the school , there were several moments of upheaval .	prep_postp:before:during	1003
Monday 's diamond wedding gala took place a day before their actual anniversary .	Monday 's diamond wedding gala took place a day after their actual anniversary .	prep_postp:before:after	1004
Khadim was killed in January before a clash with U.S. and Iraqi troops .	Khadim was killed in January during a clash with U.S. and Iraqi troops .	prep_postp:before:during	1005
More than 48 million people attend N.C.A.A. football games before a season .	More than 48 million people attend N.C.A.A. football games during a season .	prep_postp:before:during	1006
You do not make an ethnic slur before several hundred people .	You do not make an ethnic slur after several hundred people .	prep_postp:before:after	1007
This year , gasoline has increased by 3 cents before the same period .	This year , gasoline has increased by 3 cents during the same period .	prep_postp:before:during	1008
" The defendant is somewhat fortunate , " Martineau said before the trial .	" The defendant is somewhat fortunate , " Martineau said during the trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1009
Westwood is joint fourth on seven under before a second successive 69 .	Westwood is joint fourth on seven under after a second successive 69 .	prep_postp:before:after	1010
I call it selection before election .	I call it selection after election .	prep_postp:before:after	1011
He can become a free agent before the World Series .	He can become a free agent after the World Series .	prep_postp:before:after	1012
This is India ... the country where faction was invented before the zero .	This is India ... the country where faction was invented after the zero .	prep_postp:before:after	1013
Three people have been taken to hospital before a fire in Devon .	Three people have been taken to hospital after a fire in Devon .	prep_postp:before:after	1014
She wants to replace General Musharraf before January parliamentary elections .	She wants to replace General Musharraf after January parliamentary elections .	prep_postp:before:after	1015
Four of the accused have died before the trial period .	Four of the accused have died during the trial period .	prep_postp:before:during	1016
Things continued in Clemson 's favor before the break .	Things continued in Clemson 's favor after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	1017
Officials from the Garden issued a statement before the verdicts .	Officials from the Garden issued a statement after the verdicts .	prep_postp:before:after	1018
El Duque said his foot was sore before the outing .	El Duque said his foot was sore after the outing .	prep_postp:before:after	1019
HRT is taken for five years , but rises before that .	HRT is taken for five years , but rises after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1020
Tournament chairman Colin Montgomerie finished alongside him before a 70 .	Tournament chairman Colin Montgomerie finished alongside him after a 70 .	prep_postp:before:after	1021
The case is expected to go to trial before year 's end .	The case is expected to go to trial after year 's end .	prep_postp:before:after	1022
Anderson died at a hospital the day before the altercation .	Anderson died at a hospital the day after the altercation .	prep_postp:before:after	1023
Before a short return to action , Garrard was replaced by Quinn Gray .	After a short return to action , Garrard was replaced by Quinn Gray .	prep_postp:before:after	1024
Before Aug. 1 , Ebling 's life was going pretty good .	After Aug. 1 , Ebling 's life was going pretty good .	prep_postp:before:after	1025
Mancuso was 1.28 seconds behind , moving from fourth before the opening leg .	Mancuso was 1.28 seconds behind , moving from fourth after the opening leg .	prep_postp:before:after	1026
They began to think more about their personal fate before the elections .	They began to think more about their personal fate after the elections .	prep_postp:before:after	1027
Corder had not included those remarks before rehearsals .	Corder had not included those remarks during rehearsals .	prep_postp:before:during	1028
Smaller studies also have linked depression to smoking before pregnancy .	Smaller studies also have linked depression to smoking during pregnancy .	prep_postp:before:during	1029
Oklahoma State and Missouri still loom before the Big 12 championship .	Oklahoma State and Missouri still loom after the Big 12 championship .	prep_postp:before:after	1030
France pulls out of Bizerte in 1963 , before long-running talks .	France pulls out of Bizerte in 1963 , after long-running talks .	prep_postp:before:after	1031
" " There is no hiding before a defeat like this .	" " There is no hiding after a defeat like this .	prep_postp:before:after	1032
Estes and Armour shot 68s before identical 64s on Thursday .	Estes and Armour shot 68s after identical 64s on Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	1033
Anderson seemed irked before his hurry-up offense , arguing with officials .	Anderson seemed irked during his hurry-up offense , arguing with officials .	prep_postp:before:during	1034
Stephon rejoined his team five nights later , one day before the funeral .	Stephon rejoined his team five nights later , one day after the funeral .	prep_postp:before:after	1035
An on-demand replay will be available shortly before the conclusion of the presentation .	An on-demand replay will be available shortly after the conclusion of the presentation .	prep_postp:before:after	1036
Before a while , the river does what it always does .	After a while , the river does what it always does .	prep_postp:before:after	1037
He had averaged 27 carries and 190 yards over 38 games before Saturday .	He had averaged 27 carries and 190 yards over 38 games after Saturday .	prep_postp:before:after	1038
BREAKING records can become monotonous before a while .	BREAKING records can become monotonous after a while .	prep_postp:before:after	1039
Before the trip , we had worried about the food .	After the trip , we had worried about the food .	prep_postp:before:after	1040
Lydia had to have both legs amputated just before her third birthday .	Lydia had to have both legs amputated just after her third birthday .	prep_postp:before:after	1041
About 35 witnesses are expected to testify before the coroner 's jury .	About 35 witnesses are expected to testify after the coroner 's jury .	prep_postp:before:after	1042
People always need to have a good time , even before war .	People always need to have a good time , even during war .	prep_postp:before:during	1043
I think we responded before that .	I think we responded after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1044
Michael Grassie , 42 , spoke at MetroHealth Medical Center before his discharge .	Michael Grassie , 42 , spoke at MetroHealth Medical Center after his discharge .	prep_postp:before:after	1045
The whole thing was placed in a second coffin before the funeral .	The whole thing was placed in a second coffin after the funeral .	prep_postp:before:after	1046
Reinhardt took over on drums before a Marky hiatus in the 1980s .	Reinhardt took over on drums during a Marky hiatus in the 1980s .	prep_postp:before:during	1047
The headline figure jumped up to 10.9 before a flat reading in August .	The headline figure jumped up to 10.9 after a flat reading in August .	prep_postp:before:after	1048
Martin Luther King was assassinated before the strike .	Martin Luther King was assassinated during the strike .	prep_postp:before:during	1049
Before her delivery Nov. 4 , doctors discovered fluid in her lungs .	After her delivery Nov. 4 , doctors discovered fluid in her lungs .	prep_postp:before:after	1050
Some businesses in town planned to shut down before the demonstrations .	Some businesses in town planned to shut down during the demonstrations .	prep_postp:before:during	1051
Lecavalier has 6 goals and 13 assists before the streak .	Lecavalier has 6 goals and 13 assists during the streak .	prep_postp:before:during	1052
McSwane confirmed the memo before its release .	McSwane confirmed the memo after its release .	prep_postp:before:after	1053
Davydenko said before the exchange , Dercq asked him about his condition .	Davydenko said during the exchange , Dercq asked him about his condition .	prep_postp:before:during	1054
The details on the lost discs would be sought before by fraudsters .	The details on the lost discs would be sought after by fraudsters .	prep_postp:before:after	1055
The Yellow Line has one four-car train before rush hour .	The Yellow Line has one four-car train during rush hour .	prep_postp:before:during	1056
This airway obstruction usually occurs just before exercise .	This airway obstruction usually occurs just after exercise .	prep_postp:before:after	1057
She said the appeal would have to wait until before the sentencing .	She said the appeal would have to wait until after the sentencing .	prep_postp:before:after	1058
Sometimes before the abuse , he would perform the rite of absolution .	Sometimes after the abuse , he would perform the rite of absolution .	prep_postp:before:after	1059
The unions want to continue the walkout before any negotiations .	The unions want to continue the walkout during any negotiations .	prep_postp:before:during	1060
Before a week like this , he does not have to .	After a week like this , he does not have to .	prep_postp:before:after	1061
, which restarted the process of Palestinian-Israeli settlement before a seven-year break .	, which restarted the process of Palestinian-Israeli settlement after a seven-year break .	prep_postp:before:after	1062
" " It was big to respond before their big inning .	" " It was big to respond after their big inning .	prep_postp:before:after	1063
Before that , the rookie right-hander retired his final 14 batters .	After that , the rookie right-hander retired his final 14 batters .	prep_postp:before:after	1064
Iraqi armed forces patrol the streets of Karbala before a celebration August 27 .	Iraqi armed forces patrol the streets of Karbala during a celebration August 27 .	prep_postp:before:during	1065
They also sought 24-hour monitoring with drug exams before the bail period .	They also sought 24-hour monitoring with drug exams during the bail period .	prep_postp:before:during	1066
Juma Technology grew 2,782 % before this period .	Juma Technology grew 2,782 % during this period .	prep_postp:before:during	1067
" Dress shoes on before the day , " he said .	" Dress shoes on during the day , " he said .	prep_postp:before:during	1068
Dida left the field on a stretcher shortly before the clash .	Dida left the field on a stretcher shortly after the clash .	prep_postp:before:after	1069
" " My father was born shortly before the Wright brothers .	" " My father was born shortly after the Wright brothers .	prep_postp:before:after	1070
The zone format was created by Congress before the Great Depression .	The zone format was created by Congress during the Great Depression .	prep_postp:before:during	1071
Young had tested positive for a banned substance before the Games .	Young had tested positive for a banned substance after the Games .	prep_postp:before:after	1072
Marceau died Saturday at the age of 84 before a long illness .	Marceau died Saturday at the age of 84 after a long illness .	prep_postp:before:after	1073
None said it was worse before surgery .	None said it was worse after surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	1074
Witnesses described hearing gunfire barely a minute before the loud explosion .	Witnesses described hearing gunfire barely a minute after the loud explosion .	prep_postp:before:after	1075
Fifty-eight children became positive for leukocyte antigen before follow-up .	Fifty-eight children became positive for leukocyte antigen during follow-up .	prep_postp:before:during	1076
Accies began to control the game before that .	Accies began to control the game after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1077
All are patterned before watershed .	All are patterned after watershed .	prep_postp:before:after	1078
He dropped out before brutal defeats in the Illinois and Michigan primaries .	He dropped out after brutal defeats in the Illinois and Michigan primaries .	prep_postp:before:after	1079
Two of the Korean hostages were slain soon before the kidnapping .	Two of the Korean hostages were slain soon after the kidnapping .	prep_postp:before:after	1080
Hu led the parade before the cameras , wearing his usual blue suit .	Hu led the parade after the cameras , wearing his usual blue suit .	prep_postp:before:after	1081
The cause was complications before a stroke , his family announced .	The cause was complications after a stroke , his family announced .	prep_postp:before:after	1082
Olmert later told supporters that the real negotiations would take place before Annapolis .	Olmert later told supporters that the real negotiations would take place after Annapolis .	prep_postp:before:after	1083
Several Air Force jets will roar over the stadium before the national anthem .	Several Air Force jets will roar over the stadium after the national anthem .	prep_postp:before:after	1084
He is due to appear before the city 's magistrates court on Friday .	He is due to appear after the city 's magistrates court on Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	1085
FDA advisers are to take up the issue before an Oct. 18-19 meeting .	FDA advisers are to take up the issue during an Oct. 18-19 meeting .	prep_postp:before:during	1086
" " Aren 't you supposed to come see me before lunch ?	" " Aren 't you supposed to come see me during lunch ?	prep_postp:before:during	1087
Chevrolet driver crossed the finish line 4.21 seconds before Erik Darnell .	Chevrolet driver crossed the finish line 4.21 seconds after Erik Darnell .	prep_postp:before:after	1088
It stabilizes your children before the day .	It stabilizes your children during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	1089
A man is critically ill in hospital before a hit-and-crash in Staffordshire .	A man is critically ill in hospital after a hit-and-crash in Staffordshire .	prep_postp:before:after	1090
Batkins ' attorney did not comment before Monday 's hearing .	Batkins ' attorney did not comment after Monday 's hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	1091
You cannot put the cart before the horse .	You cannot put the cart after the horse .	prep_postp:before:after	1092
Before jury selection , prospective jurors were asked numerous questions about race .	During jury selection , prospective jurors were asked numerous questions about race .	prep_postp:before:during	1093
Before years of easy credit , the taps are being turned .	After years of easy credit , the taps are being turned .	prep_postp:before:after	1094
Records show Roanoke promised it had fixed the problem before the recall .	Records show Roanoke promised it had fixed the problem after the recall .	prep_postp:before:after	1095
Surrounding streets were closed before the standoff .	Surrounding streets were closed during the standoff .	prep_postp:before:during	1096
Before now , Chile and other countries have been reluctant to do that .	After now , Chile and other countries have been reluctant to do that .	prep_postp:before:after	1097
Gorgon received State and Federal environmental approval before the quarter .	Gorgon received State and Federal environmental approval during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	1098
I always try to do it before a win .	I always try to do it after a win .	prep_postp:before:after	1099
One of my lowest moments came before a power cut .	One of my lowest moments came during a power cut .	prep_postp:before:during	1100
The Bulls received 11 first-place votes before a 64-12 victory over Central Florida .	The Bulls received 11 first-place votes after a 64-12 victory over Central Florida .	prep_postp:before:after	1101
She claimed that she snapped before years of abuse .	She claimed that she snapped after years of abuse .	prep_postp:before:after	1102
Sen. Barack Obama speaks before a fund-raiser Thursday in Durham , North Carolina .	Sen. Barack Obama speaks during a fund-raiser Thursday in Durham , North Carolina .	prep_postp:before:during	1103
A 15-second ad for Pepsi-Cola will appear before each minisode .	A 15-second ad for Pepsi-Cola will appear after each minisode .	prep_postp:before:after	1104
But Mitchell said he would never met the Clinton staffer before that event .	But Mitchell said he would never met the Clinton staffer after that event .	prep_postp:before:after	1105
The motorway was closed in both directions for several hours before the crash .	The motorway was closed in both directions for several hours after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	1106
She spent her years at the nunnery plotting one escape attempt before another .	She spent her years at the nunnery plotting one escape attempt after another .	prep_postp:before:after	1107
Before the fires , the lead was five percent .	After the fires , the lead was five percent .	prep_postp:before:after	1108
She recalled that one sister had two days notice before her wedding .	She recalled that one sister had two days notice after her wedding .	prep_postp:before:after	1109
Devolder sports the gold jersey before his excellent time trial performance .	Devolder sports the gold jersey after his excellent time trial performance .	prep_postp:before:after	1110
However , the effects waned somewhat before follow-up .	However , the effects waned somewhat during follow-up .	prep_postp:before:during	1111
Before last year 's attack , the state fined the zoo $ 18,000 .	After last year 's attack , the state fined the zoo $ 18,000 .	prep_postp:before:after	1112
Before months of criticism , he is stepping down as of September 17th .	After months of criticism , he is stepping down as of September 17th .	prep_postp:before:after	1113
Emma had been killed only four days before Christmas .	Emma had been killed only four days after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	1114
Before a 10-game span in December , they won only twice .	During a 10-game span in December , they won only twice .	prep_postp:before:during	1115
Before the rally , Hamas rounded up more than 400 Fatah activists .	After the rally , Hamas rounded up more than 400 Fatah activists .	prep_postp:before:after	1116
Serves 12 Days before Maeve 's death , she gave up childminding .	Serves 12 Days after Maeve 's death , she gave up childminding .	prep_postp:before:after	1117
Anti-riot police confront students before a protest at Tehran University on Monday .	Anti-riot police confront students during a protest at Tehran University on Monday .	prep_postp:before:during	1118
Investors were also encouraged because Viacom continued to repurchase shares before the quarter .	Investors were also encouraged because Viacom continued to repurchase shares during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	1119
But he contends NASA is prepared to deal with it before the mission .	But he contends NASA is prepared to deal with it during the mission .	prep_postp:before:during	1120
Johnson was hurt before Kansas City 's loss to Green Bay last Sunday .	Johnson was hurt during Kansas City 's loss to Green Bay last Sunday .	prep_postp:before:during	1121
Before nearly a four-year absence , Connecticut is back at No. 1 .	After nearly a four-year absence , Connecticut is back at No. 1 .	prep_postp:before:after	1122
The decision was anticipated before weeks of turmoil in global markets .	The decision was anticipated after weeks of turmoil in global markets .	prep_postp:before:after	1123
The accident happened before nightfall at around 2000 local time ( GMT ) .	The accident happened after nightfall at around 2000 local time ( GMT ) .	prep_postp:before:after	1124
It also posted a new trading record of $ 91.10 before Asian trading .	It also posted a new trading record of $ 91.10 during Asian trading .	prep_postp:before:during	1125
Chavez said before reporters in Santiago .	Chavez said after reporters in Santiago .	prep_postp:before:after	1126
My baby brother Arthur arrived a few years before Annette .	My baby brother Arthur arrived a few years after Annette .	prep_postp:before:after	1127
So I would tour before the weekends .	So I would tour during the weekends .	prep_postp:before:during	1128
Cinemas were burned and attacked before the 2003 conflict .	Cinemas were burned and attacked after the 2003 conflict .	prep_postp:before:after	1129
She was re-arrested before the July 30 BlackBerry incident .	She was re-arrested after the July 30 BlackBerry incident .	prep_postp:before:after	1130
Before detailed negotiations , the new contract was brought in from 2004 .	After detailed negotiations , the new contract was brought in from 2004 .	prep_postp:before:after	1131
Cars cannot move before these times , there is no-one moving outside .	Cars cannot move during these times , there is no-one moving outside .	prep_postp:before:during	1132
It is important to have a thorough , professional home inspection before buying .	It is important to have a thorough , professional home inspection after buying .	prep_postp:before:after	1133
Mistakes made in college can haunt students long before graduation .	Mistakes made in college can haunt students long after graduation .	prep_postp:before:after	1134
Johnson Wagner finished second at 12-under 276 before a two-under 70 on Sunday .	Johnson Wagner finished second at 12-under 276 after a two-under 70 on Sunday .	prep_postp:before:after	1135
Mr. Anderson 's character was abandoned by his partner before the hurricane .	Mr. Anderson 's character was abandoned by his partner during the hurricane .	prep_postp:before:during	1136
Wednesday was nine months before the June 12 holiday .	Wednesday was nine months after the June 12 holiday .	prep_postp:before:after	1137
Ms. Nordon would meet him before her weeklong journey from Tibet .	Ms. Nordon would meet him after her weeklong journey from Tibet .	prep_postp:before:after	1138
They spoke before meeting with President Gen. Pervez Musharraf .	They spoke after meeting with President Gen. Pervez Musharraf .	prep_postp:before:after	1139
New York was 8-10-3 before his two injury stints .	New York was 8-10-3 during his two injury stints .	prep_postp:before:during	1140
Yahoo expects to complete the BlueLithium deal before the end of the year .	Yahoo expects to complete the BlueLithium deal after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	1141
No jumps were planned before the flight .	No jumps were planned during the flight .	prep_postp:before:during	1142
How long did she pursue a career as a choreographer before the showcase ?	How long did she pursue a career as a choreographer after the showcase ?	prep_postp:before:after	1143
Detailed options will be put before committee in December and January .	Detailed options will be put after committee in December and January .	prep_postp:before:after	1144
The singer has dropped Warner Music before a 25-year marriage .	The singer has dropped Warner Music after a 25-year marriage .	prep_postp:before:after	1145
Before feeding , I moved my truck closer to the barn .	After feeding , I moved my truck closer to the barn .	prep_postp:before:after	1146
She has owned more than 30 of the breed before her 55-year reign .	She has owned more than 30 of the breed during her 55-year reign .	prep_postp:before:during	1147
, told reporters before meeting with the former federal judge .	, told reporters after meeting with the former federal judge .	prep_postp:before:after	1148
He will appear before magistrates in Leicester on Monday .	He will appear after magistrates in Leicester on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	1149
The Terrorism Act 2006 came in before the 7 July London suicide bombings .	The Terrorism Act 2006 came in after the 7 July London suicide bombings .	prep_postp:before:after	1150
He said many residents were terrified before the devastation last time .	He said many residents were terrified after the devastation last time .	prep_postp:before:after	1151
Before her career , Eve has sold more than 4.8 million albums .	During her career , Eve has sold more than 4.8 million albums .	prep_postp:before:during	1152
He will miss the rest of the year before the operation .	He will miss the rest of the year after the operation .	prep_postp:before:after	1153
Before Watergate , Thompson returned to Tennessee to practice law .	After Watergate , Thompson returned to Tennessee to practice law .	prep_postp:before:after	1154
The error was discovered by Airmen before internal Air Force checks .	The error was discovered by Airmen during internal Air Force checks .	prep_postp:before:during	1155
She had returned to Pakistan before an eight-year , self-imposed exile .	She had returned to Pakistan after an eight-year , self-imposed exile .	prep_postp:before:after	1156
In Denmark , starlings put on a big show before migration .	In Denmark , starlings put on a big show during migration .	prep_postp:before:during	1157
Before her fashion show , D explained to me Mumbai 's social architecture .	After her fashion show , D explained to me Mumbai 's social architecture .	prep_postp:before:after	1158
Faith comes before politics and personal ambition .	Faith comes after politics and personal ambition .	prep_postp:before:after	1159
We had all taken the Myers-Briggs psychological profile test before the interview process .	We had all taken the Myers-Briggs psychological profile test during the interview process .	prep_postp:before:during	1160
California Rep. Duncan Hunter , a Republican presidential hopeful , spoke before Clinton .	California Rep. Duncan Hunter , a Republican presidential hopeful , spoke after Clinton .	prep_postp:before:after	1161
Petraeus recommended keeping the bulk of U.S. forces in Iraq before next summer .	Petraeus recommended keeping the bulk of U.S. forces in Iraq after next summer .	prep_postp:before:after	1162
On an before tax basis , these charges approximated $ 1.8 million .	On an after tax basis , these charges approximated $ 1.8 million .	prep_postp:before:after	1163
It is quite handy and worked well before our test period .	It is quite handy and worked well during our test period .	prep_postp:before:during	1164
Trouble is , before a certain point , more megapixels become mostly meaningless .	Trouble is , after a certain point , more megapixels become mostly meaningless .	prep_postp:before:after	1165
The number of parties drops sharply before Labor Day .	The number of parties drops sharply after Labor Day .	prep_postp:before:after	1166
Pack appropriately for dress-up events and any family outings scheduled before your stay .	Pack appropriately for dress-up events and any family outings scheduled during your stay .	prep_postp:before:during	1167
Violence dropped dramatically before the Aug. 8-12 ban .	Violence dropped dramatically during the Aug. 8-12 ban .	prep_postp:before:during	1168
Petraeus will appear before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday .	Petraeus will appear after the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	1169
We did not get a professional inspection before the closing .	We did not get a professional inspection after the closing .	prep_postp:before:after	1170
Before Nov. 7 , no one saw him alive again , Luiz said .	After Nov. 7 , no one saw him alive again , Luiz said .	prep_postp:before:after	1171
Take an over-the-counter antacid such as Zantac or Pepcid before the meal .	Take an over-the-counter antacid such as Zantac or Pepcid after the meal .	prep_postp:before:after	1172
Each child is assigned a buddy ( volunteer ) before the game .	Each child is assigned a buddy ( volunteer ) during the game .	prep_postp:before:during	1173
Schwab spoke with NEWSWEEK 's Joseph Contreras before the two-day visit .	Schwab spoke with NEWSWEEK 's Joseph Contreras during the two-day visit .	prep_postp:before:during	1174
But before the weekend , he said GM 's stance hardened .	But during the weekend , he said GM 's stance hardened .	prep_postp:before:during	1175
McClaren , before the match , was lame .	McClaren , after the match , was lame .	prep_postp:before:after	1176
And anyway , shooting coyotes is illegal before firearm deer season .	And anyway , shooting coyotes is illegal during firearm deer season .	prep_postp:before:during	1177
Your regularly scheduled video will resume before the ad .	Your regularly scheduled video will resume after the ad .	prep_postp:before:after	1178
) Lynch spoke a day before Sen. John W. Warner ( R-Va .	) Lynch spoke a day after Sen. John W. Warner ( R-Va .	prep_postp:before:after	1179
There is also a special 606 phone-in show before the race .	There is also a special 606 phone-in show after the race .	prep_postp:before:after	1180
Bond prices slipped Wednesday before the manufacturing reading .	Bond prices slipped Wednesday after the manufacturing reading .	prep_postp:before:after	1181
Southern Illinois cruised in the second half before opening on a 22-9 run .	Southern Illinois cruised in the second half after opening on a 22-9 run .	prep_postp:before:after	1182
Officials emphasized that the chemical is dangerous only before long-term consumption .	Officials emphasized that the chemical is dangerous only after long-term consumption .	prep_postp:before:after	1183
A C-130 found nothing before a flyover Wednesday .	A C-130 found nothing during a flyover Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:during	1184
And the paceman struck again just before lunch , clean bowling Dilhara Fernando .	And the paceman struck again just after lunch , clean bowling Dilhara Fernando .	prep_postp:before:after	1185
Rain began falling in the mountain range before the late afternoon .	Rain began falling in the mountain range during the late afternoon .	prep_postp:before:during	1186
Before this kind of performance , name a coach who would not be .	After this kind of performance , name a coach who would not be .	prep_postp:before:after	1187
Civil liberties were imperiled before Senator Joe McCarthy 's anti-communist witch hunt .	Civil liberties were imperiled during Senator Joe McCarthy 's anti-communist witch hunt .	prep_postp:before:during	1188
He is Australia 's second-longest serving prime minister before Robert Menzies .	He is Australia 's second-longest serving prime minister after Robert Menzies .	prep_postp:before:after	1189
Nearly 42 percent indicated copying from another student before a test .	Nearly 42 percent indicated copying from another student during a test .	prep_postp:before:during	1190
But he said he and others had questioned leaders before a tribal election .	But he said he and others had questioned leaders after a tribal election .	prep_postp:before:after	1191
Mr Taylor will retire before a 38-year career with the company .	Mr Taylor will retire after a 38-year career with the company .	prep_postp:before:after	1192
Before his death , however , his family began negotiations with Highland Council .	After his death , however , his family began negotiations with Highland Council .	prep_postp:before:after	1193
China coal fire put out before more than 50 years The secret ?	China coal fire put out after more than 50 years The secret ?	prep_postp:before:after	1194
The train driver ran away before the crash , he added .	The train driver ran away after the crash , he added .	prep_postp:before:after	1195
1828 - Iran cedes control of Caucasus to Russia before second Russo-Persian war .	1828 - Iran cedes control of Caucasus to Russia after second Russo-Persian war .	prep_postp:before:after	1196
More birdwatchers are expected to arrive in the area before the weekend .	More birdwatchers are expected to arrive in the area during the weekend .	prep_postp:before:during	1197
Before that , the families will have to pick up the cost themselves .	After that , the families will have to pick up the cost themselves .	prep_postp:before:after	1198
Entertainment highlights before the week of Oct. 28-Nov .	Entertainment highlights during the week of Oct. 28-Nov .	prep_postp:before:during	1199
Before his tenure , the company experienced its highest growth rates .	During his tenure , the company experienced its highest growth rates .	prep_postp:before:during	1200
I just feel really fatigued and flat before a bunch of rounds .	I just feel really fatigued and flat after a bunch of rounds .	prep_postp:before:after	1201
The shooting took place on the last shopping day before Christmas .	The shooting took place on the last shopping day after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	1202
Parker was not available for comment before Miami 's shoot-around .	Parker was not available for comment after Miami 's shoot-around .	prep_postp:before:after	1203
Mickelson wins before playoff drama John Galliano .	Mickelson wins after playoff drama John Galliano .	prep_postp:before:after	1204
More than 7,000 people have been killed before that period .	More than 7,000 people have been killed during that period .	prep_postp:before:during	1205
He returned to Moscow for the CIA before the fall of communism .	He returned to Moscow for the CIA after the fall of communism .	prep_postp:before:after	1206
Murdoch Marvels at MySpace Acquisition Please read the prospectus carefully before investing .	Murdoch Marvels at MySpace Acquisition Please read the prospectus carefully after investing .	prep_postp:before:after	1207
Before graduating , Chen worked for Jian Enterprise Group as a business analyst .	After graduating , Chen worked for Jian Enterprise Group as a business analyst .	prep_postp:before:after	1208
, and served as a Navy gunner before World War II .	, and served as a Navy gunner during World War II .	prep_postp:before:during	1209
, who was 74 when he died before a fight with leukemia .	, who was 74 when he died after a fight with leukemia .	prep_postp:before:after	1210
Before the process , Diaz appeared to grimace .	During the process , Diaz appeared to grimace .	prep_postp:before:during	1211
Government officials said 12,000 people were evacuated before the blasts .	Government officials said 12,000 people were evacuated after the blasts .	prep_postp:before:after	1212
Clinton also was the main focus before a discussion of the Iraq war .	Clinton also was the main focus during a discussion of the Iraq war .	prep_postp:before:during	1213
especially since everything will pick up before Christmas .	especially since everything will pick up after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	1214
We are going before a victory there .	We are going after a victory there .	prep_postp:before:after	1215
The sisters did not identify Goudeau in photo lineups before the attack .	The sisters did not identify Goudeau in photo lineups after the attack .	prep_postp:before:after	1216
I wake up with the explosion in my brain before the night .	I wake up with the explosion in my brain during the night .	prep_postp:before:during	1217
The major political shakeup comes less than three months before crucial parliamentary elections .	The major political shakeup comes less than three months after crucial parliamentary elections .	prep_postp:before:after	1218
The mill started operating before the summit , prompting an Argentine diplomatic protest .	The mill started operating during the summit , prompting an Argentine diplomatic protest .	prep_postp:before:during	1219
He declined to elaborate further when asked before the day .	He declined to elaborate further when asked during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	1220
In the 1970s thousands were killed before bad storms .	In the 1970s thousands were killed during bad storms .	prep_postp:before:during	1221
We were rarely out of sight of land before the entire week .	We were rarely out of sight of land during the entire week .	prep_postp:before:during	1222
They will appear before South East Northumberland Magistrates ' Court on Friday morning .	They will appear after South East Northumberland Magistrates ' Court on Friday morning .	prep_postp:before:after	1223
It is not one loss before another .	It is not one loss after another .	prep_postp:before:after	1224
She also named the place before a Parisian cafe famous for its pastries .	She also named the place after a Parisian cafe famous for its pastries .	prep_postp:before:after	1225
State inspectors are present in the locker rooms before International Fight League bouts .	State inspectors are present in the locker rooms after International Fight League bouts .	prep_postp:before:after	1226
The airport says local applicants will be considered before candidates from the UK .	The airport says local applicants will be considered after candidates from the UK .	prep_postp:before:after	1227
Dumont was credited with the goal before a video review .	Dumont was credited with the goal after a video review .	prep_postp:before:after	1228
There were three cases before the same period last year .	There were three cases during the same period last year .	prep_postp:before:during	1229
The Korean way is to stop before perfection .	The Korean way is to stop after perfection .	prep_postp:before:after	1230
The projects examined by the inspector general began before Duncan 's tenure .	The projects examined by the inspector general began during Duncan 's tenure .	prep_postp:before:during	1231
Before the fires , she earned $ 1,200 to $ 1,500 each month .	After the fires , she earned $ 1,200 to $ 1,500 each month .	prep_postp:before:after	1232
The design of any new airliner begins years before its first flight .	The design of any new airliner begins years after its first flight .	prep_postp:before:after	1233
Several elementary schools in the area were briefly locked down before the incident .	Several elementary schools in the area were briefly locked down after the incident .	prep_postp:before:after	1234
Here are tips for preserving relationships before your getaway .	Here are tips for preserving relationships during your getaway .	prep_postp:before:during	1235
The Osama bin Laden video that came out days before the 2004 vote ?	The Osama bin Laden video that came out days after the 2004 vote ?	prep_postp:before:after	1236
Gomez was eBay senior vice president before his two years at Skype .	Gomez was eBay senior vice president during his two years at Skype .	prep_postp:before:during	1237
The dual mode terminal will be the mainstream before the initial 3G period .	The dual mode terminal will be the mainstream during the initial 3G period .	prep_postp:before:during	1238
The company also had a smaller provision for income taxes before the quarter .	The company also had a smaller provision for income taxes during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	1239
, and was expected to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge on Monday .	, and was expected to appear after a U.S. magistrate judge on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	1240
And she likes to do dishes before the official chef cooks dinner .	And she likes to do dishes after the official chef cooks dinner .	prep_postp:before:after	1241
Some of them staged hunger strikes before the trial , as well .	Some of them staged hunger strikes during the trial , as well .	prep_postp:before:during	1242
Analysts are expecting $ 4.96 before one-time items .	Analysts are expecting $ 4.96 after one-time items .	prep_postp:before:after	1243
Sentencing for both men will come before an April 15 status check .	Sentencing for both men will come after an April 15 status check .	prep_postp:before:after	1244
They ran towards the town centre before the robbery at about 1800 GMT .	They ran towards the town centre after the robbery at about 1800 GMT .	prep_postp:before:after	1245
Nor , in all likelihood , will several before that .	Nor , in all likelihood , will several after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1246
It is open free of charge to visitors before courthouse hours .	It is open free of charge to visitors during courthouse hours .	prep_postp:before:during	1247
Before this decade , 20-somethings go to school and take breaks from school .	During this decade , 20-somethings go to school and take breaks from school .	prep_postp:before:during	1248
1988 - General Chatichai Choonhaven replaces Prem before elections .	1988 - General Chatichai Choonhaven replaces Prem after elections .	prep_postp:before:after	1249
" I am sorry , " Don Amendolia says before rehearsals .	" I am sorry , " Don Amendolia says during rehearsals .	prep_postp:before:during	1250
Ming unfortunately came into Parliament quite late in life before many elections .	Ming unfortunately came into Parliament quite late in life after many elections .	prep_postp:before:after	1251
He also called the idea of trading Pennington before today 's deadline ludicrous .	He also called the idea of trading Pennington after today 's deadline ludicrous .	prep_postp:before:after	1252
There was no comment before the release from Egypt or Hamas .	There was no comment after the release from Egypt or Hamas .	prep_postp:before:after	1253
The two slapped hands and smiled before the opening tip .	The two slapped hands and smiled after the opening tip .	prep_postp:before:after	1254
Sadly , little Retsilisitsoe passed away shortly before our visit .	Sadly , little Retsilisitsoe passed away shortly after our visit .	prep_postp:before:after	1255
Psychiatric reports will be carried out before his sentencing in January .	Psychiatric reports will be carried out after his sentencing in January .	prep_postp:before:after	1256
The Wolf Pack averaged 36.2 points and 488.9 yards before the season .	The Wolf Pack averaged 36.2 points and 488.9 yards during the season .	prep_postp:before:during	1257
They 'll have to move on to censorship before that , of course .	They 'll have to move on to censorship after that , of course .	prep_postp:before:after	1258
Death rates also fell by 2 percent before that period .	Death rates also fell by 2 percent during that period .	prep_postp:before:during	1259
Troy 's problems started before his tour .	Troy 's problems started after his tour .	prep_postp:before:after	1260
The commission issues eligibility guidelines before each election .	The commission issues eligibility guidelines after each election .	prep_postp:before:after	1261
Suicides rose before warnings Ca .	Suicides rose after warnings Ca .	prep_postp:before:after	1262
The Australians lost five wickets before Friday 's two sessions of play .	The Australians lost five wickets during Friday 's two sessions of play .	prep_postp:before:during	1263
Before the German outbreak , not a single infected wild bird was found .	After the German outbreak , not a single infected wild bird was found .	prep_postp:before:after	1264
Chrysler and the UAW reached the tentative agreement Wednesday before a six-hour strike .	Chrysler and the UAW reached the tentative agreement Wednesday after a six-hour strike .	prep_postp:before:after	1265
Just before sunrise now , Mars is high in the southern sky .	Just after sunrise now , Mars is high in the southern sky .	prep_postp:before:after	1266
Circle the ones who had cancer before age 65 .	Circle the ones who had cancer after age 65 .	prep_postp:before:after	1267
Two militants and an Israeli soldier were killed before the Nablus raid .	Two militants and an Israeli soldier were killed during the Nablus raid .	prep_postp:before:during	1268
She hid in a bathroom before the ceremony .	She hid in a bathroom after the ceremony .	prep_postp:before:after	1269
My grandfather was " almost " killed before the war .	My grandfather was " almost " killed during the war .	prep_postp:before:during	1270
Broussard was arrested before an Aug. 26 collision near Los Angeles International Airport .	Broussard was arrested after an Aug. 26 collision near Los Angeles International Airport .	prep_postp:before:after	1271
Before basketball games on Fridays , he would often lift weights alone .	After basketball games on Fridays , he would often lift weights alone .	prep_postp:before:after	1272
I wonder if we will get out of here before midnight ?	I wonder if we will get out of here after midnight ?	prep_postp:before:after	1273
GEOCAN continued to reduce payables before the quarter .	GEOCAN continued to reduce payables during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	1274
More than nine months before the shooting , no charges have been brought .	More than nine months after the shooting , no charges have been brought .	prep_postp:before:after	1275
Giuliani was mayor of New York before the September 11 terrorist attacks .	Giuliani was mayor of New York during the September 11 terrorist attacks .	prep_postp:before:during	1276
To participate , please call 10 minutes before the call on tel .	To participate , please call 10 minutes after the call on tel .	prep_postp:before:after	1277
I step on the scale every morning before breakfast .	I step on the scale every morning after breakfast .	prep_postp:before:after	1278
Arenas did not speak to reporters before practice Wednesday .	Arenas did not speak to reporters after practice Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	1279
There was a weird disconnect in the Times Square area before the holiday .	There was a weird disconnect in the Times Square area during the holiday .	prep_postp:before:during	1280
Medical pot users can smoke before fest SANTA CRUZ , Calif .	Medical pot users can smoke during fest SANTA CRUZ , Calif .	prep_postp:before:during	1281
Before the scandal , he also served as an adviser to the company .	After the scandal , he also served as an adviser to the company .	prep_postp:before:after	1282
The Suns did not pose a serious threat before that .	The Suns did not pose a serious threat after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1283
The idea for the group came about before a similar meeting in 2005 .	The idea for the group came about during a similar meeting in 2005 .	prep_postp:before:during	1284
" I always say , ' Before marriage , opposites attract .	" I always say , ' After marriage , opposites attract .	prep_postp:before:after	1285
Before the two days , tens of thousands of oysters will be consumed .	During the two days , tens of thousands of oysters will be consumed .	prep_postp:before:during	1286
Before the first snap , the pressure was off .	After the first snap , the pressure was off .	prep_postp:before:after	1287
A 27-year-old driver has died before a crash in Clackmannanshire .	A 27-year-old driver has died after a crash in Clackmannanshire .	prep_postp:before:after	1288
Moments before Tinsley 's foul , Pierce went baseline for a dunk .	Moments after Tinsley 's foul , Pierce went baseline for a dunk .	prep_postp:before:after	1289
She was a co-leader with Meg Mallon before Thursday 's first round .	She was a co-leader with Meg Mallon after Thursday 's first round .	prep_postp:before:after	1290
Torre has probably already seen his Yankees career flash before his eyes .	Torre has probably already seen his Yankees career flash after his eyes .	prep_postp:before:after	1291
Before his first two seasons , Robinson was impetuous , wild and unpredictable .	During his first two seasons , Robinson was impetuous , wild and unpredictable .	prep_postp:before:during	1292
, Ltd. under an arrangement that will continue before the transaction .	, Ltd. under an arrangement that will continue after the transaction .	prep_postp:before:after	1293
Before Tuesday , Rogers and Jones could discuss money only with the Tigers .	After Tuesday , Rogers and Jones could discuss money only with the Tigers .	prep_postp:before:after	1294
Can we hit $ 5 before the end of the year ?	Can we hit $ 5 after the end of the year ?	prep_postp:before:after	1295
Before weeks of near-constant forensics , they were closing in on the killer .	After weeks of near-constant forensics , they were closing in on the killer .	prep_postp:before:after	1296
We even laughed before that phone call .	We even laughed during that phone call .	prep_postp:before:during	1297
Scheffler performed a wacky dance before the score .	Scheffler performed a wacky dance after the score .	prep_postp:before:after	1298
Ibrahim Gambari was in Singapore Wednesday before his four-day trip to Myanmar .	Ibrahim Gambari was in Singapore Wednesday after his four-day trip to Myanmar .	prep_postp:before:after	1299
Before his final illness , Alick lived at Duthac House , Tain .	After his final illness , Alick lived at Duthac House , Tain .	prep_postp:before:after	1300
Col. Mark Mueller asked before a late- night inspection .	Col. Mark Mueller asked during a late- night inspection .	prep_postp:before:during	1301
Before the Soviet era , some of the windows had been walled up .	During the Soviet era , some of the windows had been walled up .	prep_postp:before:during	1302
Singleton was immediately expelled from school before the shooting .	Singleton was immediately expelled from school after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	1303
The same injury plagued the five-year veteran before training camp .	The same injury plagued the five-year veteran during training camp .	prep_postp:before:during	1304
I told him I would do it before the marathon .	I told him I would do it after the marathon .	prep_postp:before:after	1305
Dr Gandsas also participated in the ward rounds before the operation .	Dr Gandsas also participated in the ward rounds after the operation .	prep_postp:before:after	1306
But before a while , she got the urge to do more .	But after a while , she got the urge to do more .	prep_postp:before:after	1307
Before his third bypass , he is not supposed to lift 15 pounds .	After his third bypass , he is not supposed to lift 15 pounds .	prep_postp:before:after	1308
No decision is expected in the appeal before February .	No decision is expected in the appeal after February .	prep_postp:before:after	1309
He will appear before magistrates in Crawley on Monday morning .	He will appear after magistrates in Crawley on Monday morning .	prep_postp:before:after	1310
HOW TO RECORD One area of confusion is about recording television before switchover .	HOW TO RECORD One area of confusion is about recording television after switchover .	prep_postp:before:after	1311
Baby food for grown-ups was pulled from the marketplace shortly before its birth .	Baby food for grown-ups was pulled from the marketplace shortly after its birth .	prep_postp:before:after	1312
She also testified before Congress on the issue .	She also testified after Congress on the issue .	prep_postp:before:after	1313
We expect this transaction to be completed before the first week in November .	We expect this transaction to be completed during the first week in November .	prep_postp:before:during	1314
Coolidge began the academy last year before a mandate from school system officials .	Coolidge began the academy last year after a mandate from school system officials .	prep_postp:before:after	1315
Before tryouts , Pinegar wondered again if he could survive .	During tryouts , Pinegar wondered again if he could survive .	prep_postp:before:during	1316
Before his arrest , he accused Musharraf of tyranny .	After his arrest , he accused Musharraf of tyranny .	prep_postp:before:after	1317
In a sense we are simply returning to that before a blip .	In a sense we are simply returning to that after a blip .	prep_postp:before:after	1318
Mueller asked friends before a practice break .	Mueller asked friends during a practice break .	prep_postp:before:during	1319
Before the third quarter , total non-performing assets increased $ 508,000 .	During the third quarter , total non-performing assets increased $ 508,000 .	prep_postp:before:during	1320
Cao also addressed Japanese troops before the talks Thursday .	Cao also addressed Japanese troops after the talks Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	1321
He called Rodgers before each game .	He called Rodgers after each game .	prep_postp:before:after	1322
Both sales were closed before the fourth quarter of 2006 .	Both sales were closed during the fourth quarter of 2006 .	prep_postp:before:during	1323
West was in good condition before the surgery , Winter said .	West was in good condition after the surgery , Winter said .	prep_postp:before:after	1324
Put an EXTRA circle around ones who had cancer before age 50 .	Put an EXTRA circle around ones who had cancer after age 50 .	prep_postp:before:after	1325
Paxson 's comments came a day before a flurry of rumors .	Paxson 's comments came a day after a flurry of rumors .	prep_postp:before:after	1326
Before Damon 's home run in the fifth inning , the Yankees exhaled .	After Damon 's home run in the fifth inning , the Yankees exhaled .	prep_postp:before:after	1327
Spires refused to relinquish his office before the indictment .	Spires refused to relinquish his office after the indictment .	prep_postp:before:after	1328
At its peak before the invasion , Britain had 45,000 soldiers in Iraq .	At its peak during the invasion , Britain had 45,000 soldiers in Iraq .	prep_postp:before:during	1329
That is unlikely to happen before the end of the month .	That is unlikely to happen after the end of the month .	prep_postp:before:after	1330
Reinikka broke a finger before the scuffle .	Reinikka broke a finger during the scuffle .	prep_postp:before:during	1331
One in three of us will be diagnosed with cancer before our life .	One in three of us will be diagnosed with cancer during our life .	prep_postp:before:during	1332
However , enthusiasm about the deal was tempered before both Citigroup Inc .	However , enthusiasm about the deal was tempered after both Citigroup Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	1333
They are passing around Champagne before the matches .	They are passing around Champagne during the matches .	prep_postp:before:during	1334
But before a rash of major injuries , this is a young team .	But after a rash of major injuries , this is a young team .	prep_postp:before:after	1335
We 'll see what happens before the tournament .	We 'll see what happens during the tournament .	prep_postp:before:during	1336
DeGeneres explained her decision to continue working before the strike .	DeGeneres explained her decision to continue working during the strike .	prep_postp:before:during	1337
Before his mission , Pouha rose at 5 : 30 every morning .	During his mission , Pouha rose at 5 : 30 every morning .	prep_postp:before:during	1338
I asked him whether he had been a religious man before the lightning .	I asked him whether he had been a religious man after the lightning .	prep_postp:before:after	1339
And that is what hampered McNabb before a loss at Green Bay .	And that is what hampered McNabb during a loss at Green Bay .	prep_postp:before:during	1340
The immigrants said two pregnant women died before the voyage .	The immigrants said two pregnant women died during the voyage .	prep_postp:before:during	1341
, said before the House debate .	, said during the House debate .	prep_postp:before:during	1342
De la Reguera died before a motorcycle crash in August 2006 .	De la Reguera died after a motorcycle crash in August 2006 .	prep_postp:before:after	1343
State police found no weapons before a sweep of the building .	State police found no weapons during a sweep of the building .	prep_postp:before:during	1344
Gen Musharraf imposed emergency rule on Saturday before months of unrest .	Gen Musharraf imposed emergency rule on Saturday after months of unrest .	prep_postp:before:after	1345
Investors were uneasy about tech stocks before Qualcomm Inc .	Investors were uneasy about tech stocks after Qualcomm Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	1346
Before the trip , there was much discussion about the liquids rule .	After the trip , there was much discussion about the liquids rule .	prep_postp:before:after	1347
The warheads were meant to have been removed from the missiles before shipment .	The warheads were meant to have been removed from the missiles after shipment .	prep_postp:before:after	1348
Zennstrom founded online video startup Joost.com together with Friis before the Skype sale .	Zennstrom founded online video startup Joost.com together with Friis after the Skype sale .	prep_postp:before:after	1349
Levy served in Vietnam before the 1960s and early 1970s .	Levy served in Vietnam during the 1960s and early 1970s .	prep_postp:before:during	1350
Mr. Rentzer , who defended Rodney King before his traffic arrest in 1991 .	Mr. Rentzer , who defended Rodney King after his traffic arrest in 1991 .	prep_postp:before:after	1351
On Sunday , police detained 17 alleged extremists before another raid near Baku .	On Sunday , police detained 17 alleged extremists during another raid near Baku .	prep_postp:before:during	1352
Astronaut Peggy Whitson works on the international space station before a spacewalk Saturday .	Astronaut Peggy Whitson works on the international space station during a spacewalk Saturday .	prep_postp:before:during	1353
'What do I do the day before tomorrow ?	'What do I do the day after tomorrow ?	prep_postp:before:after	1354
He said his crew also missed the setup the week before in Atlanta .	He said his crew also missed the setup the week after in Atlanta .	prep_postp:before:after	1355
Marbury is expected to be a witness before the trial .	Marbury is expected to be a witness during the trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1356
The disgraced 2006 Tour de France winner tested positive before the race .	The disgraced 2006 Tour de France winner tested positive during the race .	prep_postp:before:during	1357
Jin Joo Hong was second at 7 under before a 67 .	Jin Joo Hong was second at 7 under after a 67 .	prep_postp:before:after	1358
'Joey the Clown ' Lombardo covered his face before a 1980s court appearance .	'Joey the Clown ' Lombardo covered his face during a 1980s court appearance .	prep_postp:before:during	1359
Any suggestions for what to call a guy before sex ?	Any suggestions for what to call a guy during sex ?	prep_postp:before:during	1360
We have won the last two , they won the two before that .	We have won the last two , they won the two after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1361
Before media interviews , he answers questions softly and with few words .	During media interviews , he answers questions softly and with few words .	prep_postp:before:during	1362
ODIHR observers normally enter a country 3 months before an election .	ODIHR observers normally enter a country 3 months after an election .	prep_postp:before:after	1363
She fell asleep before another criminal trial .	She fell asleep during another criminal trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1364
Crew members and other Nascar staff members typically wear communication headsets before races .	Crew members and other Nascar staff members typically wear communication headsets during races .	prep_postp:before:during	1365
Four months before the party , in January 1951 , Ferdinand was dead .	Four months after the party , in January 1951 , Ferdinand was dead .	prep_postp:before:after	1366
Investors were also worried before Qualcomm Inc .	Investors were also worried after Qualcomm Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	1367
He also said the victims had entered the building just before the explosion .	He also said the victims had entered the building just after the explosion .	prep_postp:before:after	1368
His wife 's body was never found before her 1998 disappearance .	His wife 's body was never found after her 1998 disappearance .	prep_postp:before:after	1369
Police can also continue to interrogate suspects before that time .	Police can also continue to interrogate suspects during that time .	prep_postp:before:during	1370
The highway circling the city was at a standstill well before dawn .	The highway circling the city was at a standstill well after dawn .	prep_postp:before:after	1371
Couldn 't step down before that sort of challenge .	Couldn 't step down after that sort of challenge .	prep_postp:before:after	1372
Smith would like to return before the 49ers ' Week 6 bye .	Smith would like to return after the 49ers ' Week 6 bye .	prep_postp:before:after	1373
It began before the first anniversary of the terrorist attack .	It began after the first anniversary of the terrorist attack .	prep_postp:before:after	1374
Ms Whitman also mentioned a fourth lesson before her talk at Stanford .	Ms Whitman also mentioned a fourth lesson during her talk at Stanford .	prep_postp:before:during	1375
Fred Thompson appears on stage before last week 's GOP presidential debate .	Fred Thompson appears on stage during last week 's GOP presidential debate .	prep_postp:before:during	1376
11 in Asheville , N.C. , but escaped before a high-speed chase .	11 in Asheville , N.C. , but escaped after a high-speed chase .	prep_postp:before:after	1377
Two years ago 80 were rescued before Hurricane Katrina .	Two years ago 80 were rescued after Hurricane Katrina .	prep_postp:before:after	1378
Ms. Ryan and their children came back alone each summer before that .	Ms. Ryan and their children came back alone each summer after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1379
Altogether , Ryden traveled 14 miles before his frightening maritime adventure .	Altogether , Ryden traveled 14 miles during his frightening maritime adventure .	prep_postp:before:during	1380
Before the upgrade , the phone went into a semifrozen state .	After the upgrade , the phone went into a semifrozen state .	prep_postp:before:after	1381
The company also refreshed its notebook computers before the year .	The company also refreshed its notebook computers during the year .	prep_postp:before:during	1382
What can go wrong before funding ?	What can go wrong after funding ?	prep_postp:before:after	1383
He had been the de facto leader before independence .	He had been the de facto leader after independence .	prep_postp:before:after	1384
Those records mostly duplicated documents Kerry released before the 2004 campaign .	Those records mostly duplicated documents Kerry released during the 2004 campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	1385
But the biggest celebrations were by Poland , rank outsiders before the race .	But the biggest celebrations were by Poland , rank outsiders after the race .	prep_postp:before:after	1386
Baros was injured before training on Wednesday .	Baros was injured during training on Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:during	1387
Additional operations have been going before those pockets of fighters .	Additional operations have been going after those pockets of fighters .	prep_postp:before:after	1388
Q : This summer , I will be in Beijing before the Olympics .	Q : This summer , I will be in Beijing during the Olympics .	prep_postp:before:during	1389
Before then , Neil worked as a chaplain in Canada , counseling teenagers .	After then , Neil worked as a chaplain in Canada , counseling teenagers .	prep_postp:before:after	1390
It is lamer than Barbaro before the Preakness .	It is lamer than Barbaro after the Preakness .	prep_postp:before:after	1391
Liberty Island was closed to the public before the 9 / 11 attacks .	Liberty Island was closed to the public after the 9 / 11 attacks .	prep_postp:before:after	1392
She died on 20 October before a long battle with cancer .	She died on 20 October after a long battle with cancer .	prep_postp:before:after	1393
We also watched every rocket launch we could before school .	We also watched every rocket launch we could during school .	prep_postp:before:during	1394
Before another date , Mr. Borysevicz stayed over .	After another date , Mr. Borysevicz stayed over .	prep_postp:before:after	1395
ROZEREM should not be taken with or immediately before a high-fat meal .	ROZEREM should not be taken with or immediately after a high-fat meal .	prep_postp:before:after	1396
Priest who represented Massachusetts in the U.S. House before the 1970s .	Priest who represented Massachusetts in the U.S. House during the 1970s .	prep_postp:before:during	1397
Johnson served as an ABC News consultant before the case .	Johnson served as an ABC News consultant during the case .	prep_postp:before:during	1398
He apparently attempted to hang himself in January , months before trial .	He apparently attempted to hang himself in January , months after trial .	prep_postp:before:after	1399
Teemu Tainio is available again before suspension .	Teemu Tainio is available again after suspension .	prep_postp:before:after	1400
Three people have been taken to hospital before a one-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire .	Three people have been taken to hospital after a one-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire .	prep_postp:before:after	1401
He declared victory shortly before midnight .	He declared victory shortly after midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	1402
Authorities said he struck Terry Wells with a lamp before a fight .	Authorities said he struck Terry Wells with a lamp during a fight .	prep_postp:before:during	1403
The arrests were made before a lengthy surveillance operation , he said .	The arrests were made after a lengthy surveillance operation , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	1404
Western Wildcats still top the division before a 4-3 win against Dundee Wanderers .	Western Wildcats still top the division after a 4-3 win against Dundee Wanderers .	prep_postp:before:after	1405
Before a five-year boom , the housing market went bust last year .	After a five-year boom , the housing market went bust last year .	prep_postp:before:after	1406
The potential change was voted down before the offseason .	The potential change was voted down during the offseason .	prep_postp:before:during	1407
Before a slow start , Operation Nest Egg is picking up momentum .	After a slow start , Operation Nest Egg is picking up momentum .	prep_postp:before:after	1408
Washington repeated assurances it would consult before any such incursions .	Washington repeated assurances it would consult after any such incursions .	prep_postp:before:after	1409
The smoke has actully been an issue before Dawali festivals over the years .	The smoke has actully been an issue during Dawali festivals over the years .	prep_postp:before:during	1410
A 12-YEAR-OLD schoolboy has died before contracting meningitis .	A 12-YEAR-OLD schoolboy has died after contracting meningitis .	prep_postp:before:after	1411
On Wall Street , stocks rose before Bernanke 's remarks .	On Wall Street , stocks rose after Bernanke 's remarks .	prep_postp:before:after	1412
Two Palestinians and one Israeli soldier were killed in clashes before the operation .	Two Palestinians and one Israeli soldier were killed in clashes during the operation .	prep_postp:before:during	1413
The firm is led by Witt , FEMA director before the Clinton administration .	The firm is led by Witt , FEMA director during the Clinton administration .	prep_postp:before:during	1414
It gives them more time to badger the manager before the game .	It gives them more time to badger the manager after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	1415
Rates of estrogen receptor-negative invasive cancer did not change before this interval .	Rates of estrogen receptor-negative invasive cancer did not change during this interval .	prep_postp:before:during	1416
Under the arrangement , the officers cannot be redeployed before the shift .	Under the arrangement , the officers cannot be redeployed during the shift .	prep_postp:before:during	1417
Before answering , he laughed at the question .	After answering , he laughed at the question .	prep_postp:before:after	1418
It captures the desperation that many British soldiers felt before the second bombardment .	It captures the desperation that many British soldiers felt after the second bombardment .	prep_postp:before:after	1419
A woman 's body exhumed for clues three years before her death .	A woman 's body exhumed for clues three years after her death .	prep_postp:before:after	1420
Andrew Raycroft , replaced starting goalie Vesa Toskala before Washington 's fourth goal .	Andrew Raycroft , replaced starting goalie Vesa Toskala after Washington 's fourth goal .	prep_postp:before:after	1421
Before the first October debate , she came up 13 times .	During the first October debate , she came up 13 times .	prep_postp:before:during	1422
Robinho celebrates one of his two goals before his match-winning performance against Mallorca .	Robinho celebrates one of his two goals during his match-winning performance against Mallorca .	prep_postp:before:during	1423
But I think that people should continue to learn even before graduation .	But I think that people should continue to learn even after graduation .	prep_postp:before:after	1424
Earlier this year , he was hospitalized before a fourth cancer diagnosis .	Earlier this year , he was hospitalized after a fourth cancer diagnosis .	prep_postp:before:after	1425
Before the storm , New Orleans ' economy thrived on low-wage tourism .	After the storm , New Orleans ' economy thrived on low-wage tourism .	prep_postp:before:after	1426
Megson told Calderwood of the plan 20 minutes before the kickoff .	Megson told Calderwood of the plan 20 minutes after the kickoff .	prep_postp:before:after	1427
Education Minister Is Back Before Attendind Education Conf .	Education Minister Is Back After Attendind Education Conf .	prep_postp:before:after	1428
Before that , he was chief of staff to Vice President Dan Quayle .	After that , he was chief of staff to Vice President Dan Quayle .	prep_postp:before:after	1429
When he left before only 37 pitches , the Phillies trailed 6-2 .	When he left after only 37 pitches , the Phillies trailed 6-2 .	prep_postp:before:after	1430
Generous incentives are common , particularly before slowdowns in the rental market .	Generous incentives are common , particularly during slowdowns in the rental market .	prep_postp:before:during	1431
No serious treatment emergent adverse events were reported before the study .	No serious treatment emergent adverse events were reported during the study .	prep_postp:before:during	1432
Al-Moussawi did not give numbers of Iraqis returning home before October .	Al-Moussawi did not give numbers of Iraqis returning home after October .	prep_postp:before:after	1433
He spoke before talks with Kosovo leaders .	He spoke after talks with Kosovo leaders .	prep_postp:before:after	1434
-- Keep hands and food surfaces clean before food preparation .	-- Keep hands and food surfaces clean during food preparation .	prep_postp:before:during	1435
Before a few weeks on the program , Adrian 's cholesterol was normal .	After a few weeks on the program , Adrian 's cholesterol was normal .	prep_postp:before:after	1436
The four are due to appear before Lowestoft magistrates .	The four are due to appear after Lowestoft magistrates .	prep_postp:before:after	1437
The other German engineer was shot before the kidnapping .	The other German engineer was shot during the kidnapping .	prep_postp:before:during	1438
And what does she do before a stressful day at work ?	And what does she do after a stressful day at work ?	prep_postp:before:after	1439
Before the searches , text-messaged rumors began circulating in earnest .	After the searches , text-messaged rumors began circulating in earnest .	prep_postp:before:after	1440
Cho had been given an outpatient treatment order 16 months before the rampage .	Cho had been given an outpatient treatment order 16 months after the rampage .	prep_postp:before:after	1441
Moments before Tinsley 's foul , Pierce went baseline for a thunderous dunk .	Moments after Tinsley 's foul , Pierce went baseline for a thunderous dunk .	prep_postp:before:after	1442
Minutes before the shooting , he heard a knock at the door .	Minutes after the shooting , he heard a knock at the door .	prep_postp:before:after	1443
Mitchell said he had never met the staffer before the event .	Mitchell said he had never met the staffer after the event .	prep_postp:before:after	1444
Four of the defendants had faced lesser charges before Tuesday 's filings .	Four of the defendants had faced lesser charges after Tuesday 's filings .	prep_postp:before:after	1445
The Karbala office of al-Maliki 's Dawa Party was firebombed before the melee .	The Karbala office of al-Maliki 's Dawa Party was firebombed during the melee .	prep_postp:before:during	1446
The course will allow limited public access before the membership build-out period .	The course will allow limited public access during the membership build-out period .	prep_postp:before:during	1447
Keita has been handed a two-year ban before his positive dope test .	Keita has been handed a two-year ban after his positive dope test .	prep_postp:before:after	1448
The food packaging products supplier said sales volumes substantially weakened before the quarter .	The food packaging products supplier said sales volumes substantially weakened during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	1449
" Before the candlelit service , he praised their " loyalty and heroism .	" During the candlelit service , he praised their " loyalty and heroism .	prep_postp:before:during	1450
Make sure you stretch properly before every work out .	Make sure you stretch properly after every work out .	prep_postp:before:after	1451
For this reason , the birds are highly sought before by breeders .	For this reason , the birds are highly sought after by breeders .	prep_postp:before:after	1452
Months before his arrest , McNair began his legendary escapes .	Months after his arrest , McNair began his legendary escapes .	prep_postp:before:after	1453
Maybe Zac Efron could play Spector before his teen years .	Maybe Zac Efron could play Spector during his teen years .	prep_postp:before:during	1454
Before the hearing , they said they believed McClellan would follow the restrictions .	After the hearing , they said they believed McClellan would follow the restrictions .	prep_postp:before:after	1455
The Company has made substantial developments before the summer months .	The Company has made substantial developments during the summer months .	prep_postp:before:during	1456
The teenager will appear before Brent Youth Court on Monday .	The teenager will appear after Brent Youth Court on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	1457
One firefighter died and another three are presumed dead before the blaze .	One firefighter died and another three are presumed dead after the blaze .	prep_postp:before:after	1458
Anderson returned before halftime .	Anderson returned after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	1459
, says distraction is a common technique that doctors use before intimate procedures .	, says distraction is a common technique that doctors use during intimate procedures .	prep_postp:before:during	1460
The Mets ' problems began long before the final 17 days .	The Mets ' problems began long after the final 17 days .	prep_postp:before:after	1461
Marian Hossa added an unassisted goal a minute before that .	Marian Hossa added an unassisted goal a minute after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1462
Phones at the administration rang unanswered before business hours Tuesday .	Phones at the administration rang unanswered after business hours Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	1463
He does them before dinner , you see .	He does them after dinner , you see .	prep_postp:before:after	1464
Shortly before that , we were able to re-enter the six-party talks .	Shortly after that , we were able to re-enter the six-party talks .	prep_postp:before:after	1465
Two of the hostages were slain soon before the kidnapping .	Two of the hostages were slain soon after the kidnapping .	prep_postp:before:after	1466
This recipe came about because of the food shortages before the war years .	This recipe came about because of the food shortages during the war years .	prep_postp:before:during	1467
For the time being it will also be held only before holidays .	For the time being it will also be held only after holidays .	prep_postp:before:after	1468
Acquaintances react Eddy expressed surprise and a sense of betrayal before the arrest .	Acquaintances react Eddy expressed surprise and a sense of betrayal after the arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	1469
Mourning plans to retire before the season .	Mourning plans to retire after the season .	prep_postp:before:after	1470
Joyner had 100 in 154 games before the 1986 season .	Joyner had 100 in 154 games during the 1986 season .	prep_postp:before:during	1471
Before a brief delay , play resumed .	After a brief delay , play resumed .	prep_postp:before:after	1472
It will be a while before Curry and Randolph share the court .	It will be a while after Curry and Randolph share the court .	prep_postp:before:after	1473
The dynamics certainly will change before the first-in-the-South primary .	The dynamics certainly will change after the first-in-the-South primary .	prep_postp:before:after	1474
The remaining 19 were freed before further Taliban-South Korean talks .	The remaining 19 were freed after further Taliban-South Korean talks .	prep_postp:before:after	1475
Those were taken out of the bill before an outcry by those affected .	Those were taken out of the bill after an outcry by those affected .	prep_postp:before:after	1476
" " If the charter is signed , what happens before that ?	" " If the charter is signed , what happens after that ?	prep_postp:before:after	1477
They testified against Hager before the two-day trial .	They testified against Hager during the two-day trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1478
Before years of political battles , the museum won approval in 2003 .	After years of political battles , the museum won approval in 2003 .	prep_postp:before:after	1479
He agreed to the deployment before months of international pressure and painstaking negotiations .	He agreed to the deployment after months of international pressure and painstaking negotiations .	prep_postp:before:after	1480
It has been kept at various government museums before the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution .	It has been kept at various government museums after the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution .	prep_postp:before:after	1481
The decision came before the meeting in Kampalpa , Uganda .	The decision came during the meeting in Kampalpa , Uganda .	prep_postp:before:during	1482
... " I felt it myself , " he added before a pause .	... " I felt it myself , " he added after a pause .	prep_postp:before:after	1483
The 18-year-old is expected to appear before magistrates on Monday morning .	The 18-year-old is expected to appear after magistrates on Monday morning .	prep_postp:before:after	1484
Francona spoke to Epstein before the seventh and eighth innings .	Francona spoke to Epstein after the seventh and eighth innings .	prep_postp:before:after	1485
Set aside a few tablespoons of the marinade to brush on before cooking .	Set aside a few tablespoons of the marinade to brush on during cooking .	prep_postp:before:during	1486
Our goalkeeping coach spoke to him before the game .	Our goalkeeping coach spoke to him after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	1487
Craig did not attend Wednesday 's hearing in Minneapolis before Porter .	Craig did not attend Wednesday 's hearing in Minneapolis after Porter .	prep_postp:before:after	1488
But before their Thursday morning offer , Torre turned them down .	But after their Thursday morning offer , Torre turned them down .	prep_postp:before:after	1489
It also brought sharp words from the Gretna players before their 4-0 defeat .	It also brought sharp words from the Gretna players after their 4-0 defeat .	prep_postp:before:after	1490
But before a few months , both men got lazy .	But after a few months , both men got lazy .	prep_postp:before:after	1491
The e-mails were intended to be sent out before acceptance , he said .	The e-mails were intended to be sent out after acceptance , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	1492
Reynolds was 3-for-19 in the postseason before the homer .	Reynolds was 3-for-19 in the postseason after the homer .	prep_postp:before:after	1493
Swans to return before protests Click here for the class 's YouTube channel .	Swans to return after protests Click here for the class 's YouTube channel .	prep_postp:before:after	1494
20 , although the U.S. dollar moved up slightly before the close .	20 , although the U.S. dollar moved up slightly after the close .	prep_postp:before:after	1495
They left before more than 20 years as members .	They left after more than 20 years as members .	prep_postp:before:after	1496
China 's crackdown on toy makers comes two weeks before Mattel Inc .	China 's crackdown on toy makers comes two weeks after Mattel Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	1497
So I am going before unaffiliated philanthropy .	So I am going after unaffiliated philanthropy .	prep_postp:before:after	1498
Before the blast , troops and police quickly cordoned off the area .	After the blast , troops and police quickly cordoned off the area .	prep_postp:before:after	1499
Ronaldo hit the Azerbaijan post before a fine run on 77 minutes .	Ronaldo hit the Azerbaijan post after a fine run on 77 minutes .	prep_postp:before:after	1500
It dropped as low as 27,468.00 before the early session .	It dropped as low as 27,468.00 during the early session .	prep_postp:before:during	1501
It has developed a culture where professors keep before students .	It has developed a culture where professors keep after students .	prep_postp:before:after	1502
He died on Tuesday , four days before the snake bit .	He died on Tuesday , four days after the snake bit .	prep_postp:before:after	1503
Both are close-lipped about their agenda before practice .	Both are close-lipped about their agenda during practice .	prep_postp:before:during	1504
Postindustrial land is being rescued before decades of decay .	Postindustrial land is being rescued after decades of decay .	prep_postp:before:after	1505
Before the bullfight , Jairo brushed off the accident .	After the bullfight , Jairo brushed off the accident .	prep_postp:before:after	1506
Fans chanted " M-V-P " before his RBI double in the sixth .	Fans chanted " M-V-P " after his RBI double in the sixth .	prep_postp:before:after	1507
There was no amortization before the same periods of FY 2007 .	There was no amortization during the same periods of FY 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	1508
Less than two minutes before that , the Islanders scored .	Less than two minutes after that , the Islanders scored .	prep_postp:before:after	1509
These methods were already in use before Dark Web .	These methods were already in use after Dark Web .	prep_postp:before:after	1510
Saqib said 16 suspected Taliban have been arrested before the operation .	Saqib said 16 suspected Taliban have been arrested during the operation .	prep_postp:before:during	1511
Both of their parents died closely one before the other .	Both of their parents died closely one after the other .	prep_postp:before:after	1512
And I was established as a Jewish state before World War II .	And I was established as a Jewish state after World War II .	prep_postp:before:after	1513
Not long before Alpine , it was final call for lunch reservations .	Not long after Alpine , it was final call for lunch reservations .	prep_postp:before:after	1514
Beating Dallas would reaffirm what began before the Buffalo loss a month ago .	Beating Dallas would reaffirm what began after the Buffalo loss a month ago .	prep_postp:before:after	1515
SCHOOLS AND LIBRARIES : The New Orleans school system was troubled before Katrina .	SCHOOLS AND LIBRARIES : The New Orleans school system was troubled after Katrina .	prep_postp:before:after	1516
Libyan society still looks askance at women who want to work before marriage .	Libyan society still looks askance at women who want to work after marriage .	prep_postp:before:after	1517
Official agreements could be reached before the next two weeks .	Official agreements could be reached during the next two weeks .	prep_postp:before:during	1518
Before her announcement , Anthony kissed Lopez 's belly .	After her announcement , Anthony kissed Lopez 's belly .	prep_postp:before:after	1519
Did he really leave before last season ?	Did he really leave after last season ?	prep_postp:before:after	1520
ComScore measured spending before the 51 days between Nov. 1 and Dec. 21 .	ComScore measured spending during the 51 days between Nov. 1 and Dec. 21 .	prep_postp:before:during	1521
He laments that the deal is stuck before so much hard work .	He laments that the deal is stuck after so much hard work .	prep_postp:before:after	1522
The blood did not liquefy before Benedict 's prayer .	The blood did not liquefy during Benedict 's prayer .	prep_postp:before:during	1523
Heinz was one of the first major foreign investors before independence in 1980 .	Heinz was one of the first major foreign investors after independence in 1980 .	prep_postp:before:after	1524
He and his family had escaped there five months before the U.S. invasion .	He and his family had escaped there five months after the U.S. invasion .	prep_postp:before:after	1525
One is whether to stop taking certain prescribed drugs before an operation .	One is whether to stop taking certain prescribed drugs after an operation .	prep_postp:before:after	1526
He signed a three-year , $ 30 million contract before the 2005-06 season .	He signed a three-year , $ 30 million contract after the 2005-06 season .	prep_postp:before:after	1527
However , doctors say she could be out of hospital shortly before Christmas .	However , doctors say she could be out of hospital shortly after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	1528
Palestinian Prisoners To Be Released Before Eid Al-fitr gaza .	Palestinian Prisoners To Be Released After Eid Al-fitr gaza .	prep_postp:before:after	1529
Envoy Ibrahim Gambari was in Singapore before his four-day trip to Burma .	Envoy Ibrahim Gambari was in Singapore after his four-day trip to Burma .	prep_postp:before:after	1530
Still , methane levels are 155 percent higher than before the Industrial Revolution .	Still , methane levels are 155 percent higher than after the Industrial Revolution .	prep_postp:before:after	1531
" You get pretty tired before practice , " Gruhot said .	" You get pretty tired after practice , " Gruhot said .	prep_postp:before:after	1532
The Republicans are waving their sabers and talking about going before Iran .	The Republicans are waving their sabers and talking about going after Iran .	prep_postp:before:after	1533
Zettel was only 24th before the opening leg .	Zettel was only 24th after the opening leg .	prep_postp:before:after	1534
Before a few sittings , Frey could not stand watching anymore .	After a few sittings , Frey could not stand watching anymore .	prep_postp:before:after	1535
Before Halloween , they all break the rules .	During Halloween , they all break the rules .	prep_postp:before:during	1536
Questions about Romney 's Mormon faith have dogged him before the primary campaign .	Questions about Romney 's Mormon faith have dogged him during the primary campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	1537
These are the people who suffer most before downturns .	These are the people who suffer most during downturns .	prep_postp:before:during	1538
Fenty visited the day before the shooting , and Del .	Fenty visited the day after the shooting , and Del .	prep_postp:before:after	1539
LC : You did that before the stall .	LC : You did that after the stall .	prep_postp:before:after	1540
Even before the buyout , student loans had come under high-profile scrutiny .	Even after the buyout , student loans had come under high-profile scrutiny .	prep_postp:before:after	1541
The ad is running heavily before the tournament , which concerns McEnroe .	The ad is running heavily during the tournament , which concerns McEnroe .	prep_postp:before:during	1542
Timmons faces misdemeanor charges in an incident directly before the fight .	Timmons faces misdemeanor charges in an incident directly after the fight .	prep_postp:before:after	1543
The regime also detained nearly 1,200 political prisoners before the September marches .	The regime also detained nearly 1,200 political prisoners after the September marches .	prep_postp:before:after	1544
The Israeli military has said it killed 600 Hezbollah fighters before the war .	The Israeli military has said it killed 600 Hezbollah fighters during the war .	prep_postp:before:during	1545
Colorado won on almost a daily basis before its surge .	Colorado won on almost a daily basis during its surge .	prep_postp:before:during	1546
1947-48 - Hundreds of thousands die in widespread communal bloodshed before partition .	1947-48 - Hundreds of thousands die in widespread communal bloodshed after partition .	prep_postp:before:after	1547
The New Orleans housing authority was put in receivership before Katrina .	The New Orleans housing authority was put in receivership after Katrina .	prep_postp:before:after	1548
Submit a question or comment now or before the discussion .	Submit a question or comment now or during the discussion .	prep_postp:before:during	1549
An ambulance arrived about five minutes before the birth .	An ambulance arrived about five minutes after the birth .	prep_postp:before:after	1550
He himself used to throw up before his oral exams .	He himself used to throw up after his oral exams .	prep_postp:before:after	1551
Shares of Live Nation rose 8 cents to $ 21.50 before afternoon trading .	Shares of Live Nation rose 8 cents to $ 21.50 during afternoon trading .	prep_postp:before:during	1552
Before the national purge , membership had dwindled to 32 men at Missouri .	After the national purge , membership had dwindled to 32 men at Missouri .	prep_postp:before:after	1553
The show immediately cut to commercial before its East Coast airing .	The show immediately cut to commercial during its East Coast airing .	prep_postp:before:during	1554
A coffee jar-type bomb exploded before a Remembrance Day service in Newry .	A coffee jar-type bomb exploded during a Remembrance Day service in Newry .	prep_postp:before:during	1555
It was suppressed before the Cultural Revolution .	It was suppressed during the Cultural Revolution .	prep_postp:before:during	1556
Richardson met his wife , Barbara , before his senior year at Middlesex .	Richardson met his wife , Barbara , during his senior year at Middlesex .	prep_postp:before:during	1557
Before the hearing , he left the courthouse without talking to reporters .	After the hearing , he left the courthouse without talking to reporters .	prep_postp:before:after	1558
Before my first few talks , I worried a lot about my performance .	During my first few talks , I worried a lot about my performance .	prep_postp:before:during	1559
Hopefully we will know more at close of play today before the operation .	Hopefully we will know more at close of play today after the operation .	prep_postp:before:after	1560
The march came before a pro-junta rally in town .	The march came after a pro-junta rally in town .	prep_postp:before:after	1561
Crowds of supporters ran before the vehicle .	Crowds of supporters ran after the vehicle .	prep_postp:before:after	1562
Before its 57-year history , the company has constructed nearly 500,000 homes .	During its 57-year history , the company has constructed nearly 500,000 homes .	prep_postp:before:during	1563
The deposition was made public before the trial .	The deposition was made public during the trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1564
Eleven bodies had been recovered before the accident near the town of Minya .	Eleven bodies had been recovered after the accident near the town of Minya .	prep_postp:before:after	1565
Diversion routes will be in place before the closures .	Diversion routes will be in place during the closures .	prep_postp:before:during	1566
Before that , there was always just one candidate .	After that , there was always just one candidate .	prep_postp:before:after	1567
These moves came before the end of the July-September quarter .	These moves came after the end of the July-September quarter .	prep_postp:before:after	1568
We found them only in the weeks before his suicide .	We found them only in the weeks after his suicide .	prep_postp:before:after	1569
Another detective testified that he spoke with Sliwinski two hours before the crash .	Another detective testified that he spoke with Sliwinski two hours after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	1570
Before this attack , we will increase the police patrols in the day .	After this attack , we will increase the police patrols in the day .	prep_postp:before:after	1571
Arar said before the hearing .	Arar said during the hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	1572
They did this in the evening , 2 to 3 hours before bedtime .	They did this in the evening , 2 to 3 hours after bedtime .	prep_postp:before:after	1573
The righty wears a wristwatch on her left hand before matches .	The righty wears a wristwatch on her left hand during matches .	prep_postp:before:during	1574
The stock was delisted just before its first bankruptcy in 1999 .	The stock was delisted just after its first bankruptcy in 1999 .	prep_postp:before:after	1575
Cerda was to decide whether to keep them detained before trial .	Cerda was to decide whether to keep them detained during trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1576
The gun was developed before the 2003 Columbia explosion .	The gun was developed after the 2003 Columbia explosion .	prep_postp:before:after	1577
The mistake was discovered before the plane 's six-hour flight to Louisiana .	The mistake was discovered after the plane 's six-hour flight to Louisiana .	prep_postp:before:after	1578
She has already testified before the corresponding Senate committees .	She has already testified after the corresponding Senate committees .	prep_postp:before:after	1579
Capra died before a long fight with prostate cancer , Vassar said .	Capra died after a long fight with prostate cancer , Vassar said .	prep_postp:before:after	1580
The speech apparently earned him an estimated  156,000 before tax .	The speech apparently earned him an estimated  156,000 after tax .	prep_postp:before:after	1581
He entered the race in late September , six months before the primary .	He entered the race in late September , six months after the primary .	prep_postp:before:after	1582
Many people remain missing before the blasts .	Many people remain missing after the blasts .	prep_postp:before:after	1583
Steed was charged with rape the day before Jeffs ' conviction .	Steed was charged with rape the day after Jeffs ' conviction .	prep_postp:before:after	1584
I had to put glass up before that .	I had to put glass up after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1585
Mr. Zaillian said he reached out to Mr. Lucas before the premiere .	Mr. Zaillian said he reached out to Mr. Lucas after the premiere .	prep_postp:before:after	1586
Before winter , tire pressure should be checked weekly .	During winter , tire pressure should be checked weekly .	prep_postp:before:during	1587
Coon had been suspended for fighting days before the shooting .	Coon had been suspended for fighting days after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	1588
The plea occurred before U.S. District Judge David Briones .	The plea occurred after U.S. District Judge David Briones .	prep_postp:before:after	1589
The union extended the contract on an hour-by-hour basis before talks .	The union extended the contract on an hour-by-hour basis during talks .	prep_postp:before:during	1590
Before intermission , Rattle and the orchestra were honored as UNICEF goodwill ambassadors .	During intermission , Rattle and the orchestra were honored as UNICEF goodwill ambassadors .	prep_postp:before:during	1591
Before our first meeting , he staged an intervention .	During our first meeting , he staged an intervention .	prep_postp:before:during	1592
The boy is due to appear before magistrates in Luton .	The boy is due to appear after magistrates in Luton .	prep_postp:before:after	1593
Before the Oct. 9 session , he pleaded for mercy .	During the Oct. 9 session , he pleaded for mercy .	prep_postp:before:during	1594
Before the training , some of them did things to undermine my confidence .	During the training , some of them did things to undermine my confidence .	prep_postp:before:during	1595
EADS chief to scrap stock options before insider trading scandal Why the confusion ?	EADS chief to scrap stock options after insider trading scandal Why the confusion ?	prep_postp:before:after	1596
Before his childhood , anything would have been a cakewalk for Cruise .	After his childhood , anything would have been a cakewalk for Cruise .	prep_postp:before:after	1597
Before that arrest , Dr. Russomanno went back to work .	After that arrest , Dr. Russomanno went back to work .	prep_postp:before:after	1598
Female circumcision can cause death through haemorrhaging and later complications before childbirth .	Female circumcision can cause death through haemorrhaging and later complications during childbirth .	prep_postp:before:during	1599
Before this , Cooper had campaigned against government proposals to introduce ID cards .	After this , Cooper had campaigned against government proposals to introduce ID cards .	prep_postp:before:after	1600
The Padres said Winters directed profanities at Bradley right before the blowup .	The Padres said Winters directed profanities at Bradley right after the blowup .	prep_postp:before:after	1601
The company found the potential problem before an in-plant testing program .	The company found the potential problem during an in-plant testing program .	prep_postp:before:during	1602
Before the game , Thomas shrugged off the boos .	After the game , Thomas shrugged off the boos .	prep_postp:before:after	1603
Officers said extra patrols would be out before the festive season .	Officers said extra patrols would be out during the festive season .	prep_postp:before:during	1604
But it could affect how neurologists counsel Parkinson 's patients before DBS surgery .	But it could affect how neurologists counsel Parkinson 's patients after DBS surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	1605
There are MBEs for people involved in rescue operations before the 2007 floods .	There are MBEs for people involved in rescue operations during the 2007 floods .	prep_postp:before:during	1606
Why is it that people only listen before the fact ?	Why is it that people only listen after the fact ?	prep_postp:before:after	1607
Using liquid foam latex , he fabricated remarkable special-effects makeup before the 1960s .	Using liquid foam latex , he fabricated remarkable special-effects makeup during the 1960s .	prep_postp:before:during	1608
Before a while , you start to get a headache .	After a while , you start to get a headache .	prep_postp:before:after	1609
Before that span , he has three home runs and nine RBIs .	During that span , he has three home runs and nine RBIs .	prep_postp:before:during	1610
Craig : Yeah , it was shortly before Shawn 's return .	Craig : Yeah , it was shortly after Shawn 's return .	prep_postp:before:after	1611
Each goal came before Rangers ' turnovers .	Each goal came after Rangers ' turnovers .	prep_postp:before:after	1612
Looking north , we see the hills just before Sebastopol .	Looking north , we see the hills just after Sebastopol .	prep_postp:before:after	1613
Five suspected militants were also detained before the operation .	Five suspected militants were also detained during the operation .	prep_postp:before:during	1614
She disappointed many before her two terms as prime minister .	She disappointed many during her two terms as prime minister .	prep_postp:before:during	1615
A new logo is to be presented before the shareholders ' vote .	A new logo is to be presented after the shareholders ' vote .	prep_postp:before:after	1616
Before each one , Mr. Madison said yes .	After each one , Mr. Madison said yes .	prep_postp:before:after	1617
He received no counseling before that time .	He received no counseling during that time .	prep_postp:before:during	1618
But before a public uproar , the agency looked for other options .	But after a public uproar , the agency looked for other options .	prep_postp:before:after	1619
The accident on the Usumacinta platform happened before a heavy storm .	The accident on the Usumacinta platform happened during a heavy storm .	prep_postp:before:during	1620
They married in March before a six-year relationship .	They married in March after a six-year relationship .	prep_postp:before:after	1621
Before a while , he looked over at Pat .	After a while , he looked over at Pat .	prep_postp:before:after	1622
Juninho opened the scoring for Lyon five minutes before the break .	Juninho opened the scoring for Lyon five minutes after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	1623
But they manufactured just seven first downs and 114 yards before the break .	But they manufactured just seven first downs and 114 yards after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	1624
The government came under fire before an Irish official , Cpt .	The government came under fire after an Irish official , Cpt .	prep_postp:before:after	1625
Nearly 162 million Americans were born before Dec. 31 , 1969 .	Nearly 162 million Americans were born after Dec. 31 , 1969 .	prep_postp:before:after	1626
Then , before the party , I rarely checked back in .	Then , after the party , I rarely checked back in .	prep_postp:before:after	1627
It is famous for its karaoke nights before the weekend .	It is famous for its karaoke nights during the weekend .	prep_postp:before:during	1628
The Fed decision comes before most commodities markets close open- outcry trading .	The Fed decision comes after most commodities markets close open- outcry trading .	prep_postp:before:after	1629
The stretch of riverfront property near downtown received minimal damage before the storm .	The stretch of riverfront property near downtown received minimal damage during the storm .	prep_postp:before:during	1630
Frey had hardly touched the ball before Voronin 's opening goal .	Frey had hardly touched the ball after Voronin 's opening goal .	prep_postp:before:after	1631
Masbouth was ordered held without bond before his arraignment Monday .	Masbouth was ordered held without bond after his arraignment Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	1632
Think of each presentation as one sumptuous dessert before another .	Think of each presentation as one sumptuous dessert after another .	prep_postp:before:after	1633
He was 10-0 against South Carolina before that long stretch of Gamecock futility .	He was 10-0 against South Carolina during that long stretch of Gamecock futility .	prep_postp:before:during	1634
Reward yourself before the climb with a fish supper in nearby Callander .	Reward yourself after the climb with a fish supper in nearby Callander .	prep_postp:before:after	1635
Before the hearing , she announced her retirement from the sport .	After the hearing , she announced her retirement from the sport .	prep_postp:before:after	1636
He is due to appear before Sudbury magistrates later .	He is due to appear after Sudbury magistrates later .	prep_postp:before:after	1637
Yet the global economy has taken some big blows before the golden age .	Yet the global economy has taken some big blows during the golden age .	prep_postp:before:during	1638
Before graduating , he started his own business with family backing .	After graduating , he started his own business with family backing .	prep_postp:before:after	1639
They often had fights before that , he said .	They often had fights after that , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	1640
Six people have been arrested before drug raids at two houses in Lancashire .	Six people have been arrested during drug raids at two houses in Lancashire .	prep_postp:before:during	1641
He visited high schools before Black History Month with an antidrug message .	He visited high schools during Black History Month with an antidrug message .	prep_postp:before:during	1642
It was good to have a break before the end of the season .	It was good to have a break after the end of the season .	prep_postp:before:after	1643
The explosion happened just before 2.30pm local time .	The explosion happened just after 2.30pm local time .	prep_postp:before:after	1644
The score was confirmed before a lengthy video review .	The score was confirmed after a lengthy video review .	prep_postp:before:after	1645
The situation had calmed down before dawn Sunday , he said .	The situation had calmed down after dawn Sunday , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	1646
Before about 10 minutes , Darrow is allowed to go .	After about 10 minutes , Darrow is allowed to go .	prep_postp:before:after	1647
He began scouring the classified ads in The Washington Post before graduation .	He began scouring the classified ads in The Washington Post after graduation .	prep_postp:before:after	1648
N.F.L. players are tested for performance-enhancing drugs once before training camp .	N.F.L. players are tested for performance-enhancing drugs once during training camp .	prep_postp:before:during	1649
He is due before Thames Youth Court on Wednesday .	He is due after Thames Youth Court on Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	1650
Benazir Bhutto addresses reporters the day before the bombing .	Benazir Bhutto addresses reporters the day after the bombing .	prep_postp:before:after	1651
And the work will not stop before Christmas .	And the work will not stop after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	1652
Winters averaged 16.2 points before his nine-year NBA career .	Winters averaged 16.2 points during his nine-year NBA career .	prep_postp:before:during	1653
" My parents worked in Stockholm before the 1980s , " she says .	" My parents worked in Stockholm during the 1980s , " she says .	prep_postp:before:during	1654
They are the only things standing before a hurricane .	They are the only things standing after a hurricane .	prep_postp:before:after	1655
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer in men before lung cancer .	Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer in men after lung cancer .	prep_postp:before:after	1656
The Cowboys scored 42 points before the final three quarters .	The Cowboys scored 42 points during the final three quarters .	prep_postp:before:during	1657
Before June , the casualties declined to one soldier killed each month .	After June , the casualties declined to one soldier killed each month .	prep_postp:before:after	1658
The gang then chased before the teenager .	The gang then chased after the teenager .	prep_postp:before:after	1659
The warrants will become exercisable beginning six months before the closing .	The warrants will become exercisable beginning six months after the closing .	prep_postp:before:after	1660
Before the flood , the early farmers seemed disinclined to migrate .	After the flood , the early farmers seemed disinclined to migrate .	prep_postp:before:after	1661
... Consumer Reports found two less than stellar designs before testing .	... Consumer Reports found two less than stellar designs during testing .	prep_postp:before:during	1662
Jones was injured when he was tackled before a 74-yard punt return .	Jones was injured when he was tackled after a 74-yard punt return .	prep_postp:before:after	1663
Shortly before the meeting , China had announced a ban on Indonesian seafood .	Shortly after the meeting , China had announced a ban on Indonesian seafood .	prep_postp:before:after	1664
But whoever is elected in March would step down before a decent interval .	But whoever is elected in March would step down after a decent interval .	prep_postp:before:after	1665
The Yankees also batted around before their five-run seventh .	The Yankees also batted around during their five-run seventh .	prep_postp:before:during	1666
The jury began deliberating September 10 before hearing testimony and arguments since April .	The jury began deliberating September 10 after hearing testimony and arguments since April .	prep_postp:before:after	1667
The Reds got him in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	The Reds got him in the Rule 5 draft after last season .	prep_postp:before:after	1668
By Rob Neill People lose 2 percent a decade before age 35 .	By Rob Neill People lose 2 percent a decade after age 35 .	prep_postp:before:after	1669
He was due to appear before Birmingham magistrates on Monday .	He was due to appear after Birmingham magistrates on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	1670
Fog warning for Beijing Olympics The farm opens the weekend before Thanksgiving .	Fog warning for Beijing Olympics The farm opens the weekend after Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:after	1671
Before SLI , he was with Britannia Investment Managers and Scottish Mutual .	After SLI , he was with Britannia Investment Managers and Scottish Mutual .	prep_postp:before:after	1672
67.9 Agoura Hills Women may have breakthrough bleeding before their menstrual cycle .	67.9 Agoura Hills Women may have breakthrough bleeding during their menstrual cycle .	prep_postp:before:during	1673
See Monday for the first spam song - long before Monty Python .	See Monday for the first spam song - long after Monty Python .	prep_postp:before:after	1674
Chicago also experienced an increase before its ban in 1982 .	Chicago also experienced an increase after its ban in 1982 .	prep_postp:before:after	1675
Before that dodgy start , Ronaldinho was beginning to do the same .	After that dodgy start , Ronaldinho was beginning to do the same .	prep_postp:before:after	1676
Eight open viewings are being held before the auction .	Eight open viewings are being held after the auction .	prep_postp:before:after	1677
The last time she sat before the committee , things got .	The last time she sat after the committee , things got .	prep_postp:before:after	1678
It is held every month before the full moon .	It is held every month after the full moon .	prep_postp:before:after	1679
Spam increased by 39 percent before September , SoftScan said ( softscan.co.uk ) .	Spam increased by 39 percent during September , SoftScan said ( softscan.co.uk ) .	prep_postp:before:during	1680
Mobley scored eight points before the span .	Mobley scored eight points during the span .	prep_postp:before:during	1681
He was replaced by Sage Rosenfels before Jones-Drew 's second TD run .	He was replaced by Sage Rosenfels after Jones-Drew 's second TD run .	prep_postp:before:after	1682
The boys had a few drinks , just relaxing before the game .	The boys had a few drinks , just relaxing after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	1683
I have done it before in big games with Liverpool and England .	I have done it after in big games with Liverpool and England .	prep_postp:before:after	1684
He had had another idea before the paper clip , Mr. MacDonald says .	He had had another idea after the paper clip , Mr. MacDonald says .	prep_postp:before:after	1685
Jensen , 57 , gave no explanation before his plea .	Jensen , 57 , gave no explanation during his plea .	prep_postp:before:during	1686
His father unexpectedly walked in just before noon .	His father unexpectedly walked in just after noon .	prep_postp:before:after	1687
The third tanker is scheduled for delivery before the end of the year .	The third tanker is scheduled for delivery after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	1688
The talks were scheduled before Larijani 's replacement .	The talks were scheduled after Larijani 's replacement .	prep_postp:before:after	1689
Before about an hour , Rubin hugged Diamond goodbye .	After about an hour , Rubin hugged Diamond goodbye .	prep_postp:before:after	1690
There are also potential benefits to the emergency services before such an event .	There are also potential benefits to the emergency services during such an event .	prep_postp:before:during	1691
ETA will consider project partners before its evaluation of opportunities .	ETA will consider project partners during its evaluation of opportunities .	prep_postp:before:during	1692
Is dress code necessary before recent flap over skimpy outfit ?	Is dress code necessary after recent flap over skimpy outfit ?	prep_postp:before:after	1693
And all these arguments reached larger dimensions before her death .	And all these arguments reached larger dimensions after her death .	prep_postp:before:after	1694
Experts disagree on the course of the weather before this cold snap .	Experts disagree on the course of the weather after this cold snap .	prep_postp:before:after	1695
Hanna 's outlook changed soon before September 11 .	Hanna 's outlook changed soon after September 11 .	prep_postp:before:after	1696
But before several months of interviews , nothing came up .	But after several months of interviews , nothing came up .	prep_postp:before:after	1697
Men experience an upswing in suicide before the New Year .	Men experience an upswing in suicide after the New Year .	prep_postp:before:after	1698
Anderson 's parents watched intently before court , looking pained at times .	Anderson 's parents watched intently during court , looking pained at times .	prep_postp:before:during	1699
Before surgical residency , I would learned to control the startle reaction .	During surgical residency , I would learned to control the startle reaction .	prep_postp:before:during	1700
Harris hit six boundaries before his resolute 160-minute knock .	Harris hit six boundaries during his resolute 160-minute knock .	prep_postp:before:during	1701
The market used to draw shoppers from both neighbourhoods before the wall up .	The market used to draw shoppers from both neighbourhoods after the wall up .	prep_postp:before:after	1702
Before the game , the Giants framed the loss in optimism .	After the game , the Giants framed the loss in optimism .	prep_postp:before:after	1703
Before Lap 21 , race control again announced rain in 10 minutes .	After Lap 21 , race control again announced rain in 10 minutes .	prep_postp:before:after	1704
Trials are expected to begin early next year before countless delays .	Trials are expected to begin early next year after countless delays .	prep_postp:before:after	1705
Calzaghe will be boxing before his hometown fans in Cardiff .	Calzaghe will be boxing after his hometown fans in Cardiff .	prep_postp:before:after	1706
The rifle regulations are not at issue before the Supreme Court .	The rifle regulations are not at issue after the Supreme Court .	prep_postp:before:after	1707
Downing testified about the plan before a U.S. Senate committee on Oct. 30 .	Downing testified about the plan after a U.S. Senate committee on Oct. 30 .	prep_postp:before:after	1708
But she still remembers waking up before the surgery .	But she still remembers waking up after the surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	1709
1941 - Nazi Germany invades before the course of World War II .	1941 - Nazi Germany invades during the course of World War II .	prep_postp:before:during	1710
But before further study , he decided the research was right .	But after further study , he decided the research was right .	prep_postp:before:after	1711
She served as a U.S. scout before the 2004 Olympics .	She served as a U.S. scout during the 2004 Olympics .	prep_postp:before:during	1712
Before the course of the day , I counted at least 13 .	During the course of the day , I counted at least 13 .	prep_postp:before:during	1713
He quit the campaign a few weeks before the New Hampshire primary .	He quit the campaign a few weeks after the New Hampshire primary .	prep_postp:before:after	1714
Candidates will report for basic training before the summer of 2009 .	Candidates will report for basic training during the summer of 2009 .	prep_postp:before:during	1715
Apple introduced a minor mystery before a conference call with analysts and reporters .	Apple introduced a minor mystery during a conference call with analysts and reporters .	prep_postp:before:during	1716
The astronauts had very little time off before their two weeks in space .	The astronauts had very little time off during their two weeks in space .	prep_postp:before:during	1717
The coroner said the family thinks the urn was lost before a move .	The coroner said the family thinks the urn was lost during a move .	prep_postp:before:during	1718
New business awards are firm contractual additions to backlog received before the period .	New business awards are firm contractual additions to backlog received during the period .	prep_postp:before:during	1719
Steve Mildenhall is expected to be back in the Yeovil goal before injury .	Steve Mildenhall is expected to be back in the Yeovil goal after injury .	prep_postp:before:after	1720
Before then , the candidates will go through a two-stage bid procedure .	After then , the candidates will go through a two-stage bid procedure .	prep_postp:before:after	1721
Landis will be called before tha AFLD as part of the investigation .	Landis will be called after tha AFLD as part of the investigation .	prep_postp:before:after	1722
Before high school , she lost 50 pounds .	After high school , she lost 50 pounds .	prep_postp:before:after	1723
And before her aria , that is where Macbeth finds her .	And after her aria , that is where Macbeth finds her .	prep_postp:before:after	1724
He will have four practices before the game .	He will have four practices after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	1725
He did not allow a runner to reach second base before that .	He did not allow a runner to reach second base after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1726
We had driven up before some disappointing salmon fishing .	We had driven up after some disappointing salmon fishing .	prep_postp:before:after	1727
" People are already asking , ' What is next before wind ?	" People are already asking , ' What is next after wind ?	prep_postp:before:after	1728
Hibbert , Lofton and Collison were all honorable mention selections before last season .	Hibbert , Lofton and Collison were all honorable mention selections after last season .	prep_postp:before:after	1729
The players have no sense how many professional athletes fast before Ramadan .	The players have no sense how many professional athletes fast during Ramadan .	prep_postp:before:during	1730
" Before awhile , you become calm about it , " he said .	" After awhile , you become calm about it , " he said .	prep_postp:before:after	1731
He is due to appear before Coleraine Magistrates Court on Monday 19 November .	He is due to appear after Coleraine Magistrates Court on Monday 19 November .	prep_postp:before:after	1732
Francona says he does not know for certain what happened before that .	Francona says he does not know for certain what happened after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1733
The trait can hinder cells carrying oxygen before physical stress .	The trait can hinder cells carrying oxygen during physical stress .	prep_postp:before:during	1734
" He was not the same before that , " Posada said .	" He was not the same after that , " Posada said .	prep_postp:before:after	1735
Before Burch 's emergence , midfielder Josh Gros labored at left back .	After Burch 's emergence , midfielder Josh Gros labored at left back .	prep_postp:before:after	1736
He had only aimed to win one set before the three-match series .	He had only aimed to win one set during the three-match series .	prep_postp:before:during	1737
The passenger was later acquitted before a jury trial .	The passenger was later acquitted during a jury trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1738
Treasury bonds were little changed before Friday 's steep gains .	Treasury bonds were little changed after Friday 's steep gains .	prep_postp:before:after	1739
North , before a lot of thought , signed off in five spades .	North , after a lot of thought , signed off in five spades .	prep_postp:before:after	1740
A general election is due before the end of 2008 .	A general election is due after the end of 2008 .	prep_postp:before:after	1741
Before this , I am definitely interested in expanding them .	After this , I am definitely interested in expanding them .	prep_postp:before:after	1742
The patients completed surveys about their dietary habits before the past year .	The patients completed surveys about their dietary habits during the past year .	prep_postp:before:during	1743
Kate McCann speaks directly to her daughter to encourage her before her ordeal .	Kate McCann speaks directly to her daughter to encourage her during her ordeal .	prep_postp:before:during	1744
Linda reinvented herself before divorce .	Linda reinvented herself after divorce .	prep_postp:before:after	1745
Israel 's PM has prostate cancer Before Acquittals , Justice Dept .	Israel 's PM has prostate cancer After Acquittals , Justice Dept .	prep_postp:before:after	1746
He committed suicide six weeks before the blast .	He committed suicide six weeks after the blast .	prep_postp:before:after	1747
He enjoys golf , reading and hiking before his leisure time .	He enjoys golf , reading and hiking during his leisure time .	prep_postp:before:during	1748
Are you going to do a new Police album before the tour ?	Are you going to do a new Police album after the tour ?	prep_postp:before:after	1749
It is less a true nightmare than a bad dream before chili .	It is less a true nightmare than a bad dream after chili .	prep_postp:before:after	1750
It conjures an era decades before my Rip Van Winkle slumber .	It conjures an era decades after my Rip Van Winkle slumber .	prep_postp:before:after	1751
Before a frantic search , she located him and drove him home .	After a frantic search , she located him and drove him home .	prep_postp:before:after	1752
Ramshaw denied causing death by dangerous driving before the week-long trial .	Ramshaw denied causing death by dangerous driving during the week-long trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1753
Humphrey went missing , and was presumed dead before Major 's tenure .	Humphrey went missing , and was presumed dead during Major 's tenure .	prep_postp:before:during	1754
Before class , he walks out of school .	After class , he walks out of school .	prep_postp:before:after	1755
Neither drugs nor a gun was found before the incident .	Neither drugs nor a gun was found after the incident .	prep_postp:before:after	1756
All the accused pleaded innocent before the four-month trial .	All the accused pleaded innocent during the four-month trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1757
Randolph is owed $ 48 million over the three seasons before this one .	Randolph is owed $ 48 million over the three seasons after this one .	prep_postp:before:after	1758
Forecasts are for 100,000 added jobs , before a decline in August .	Forecasts are for 100,000 added jobs , after a decline in August .	prep_postp:before:after	1759
Auburn fell five spots to No. 23 before the loss .	Auburn fell five spots to No. 23 after the loss .	prep_postp:before:after	1760
Before November 7 , no one saw him alive again , Luiz said .	After November 7 , no one saw him alive again , Luiz said .	prep_postp:before:after	1761
Before the election , Mr. Bush sought a director of homeland security .	After the election , Mr. Bush sought a director of homeland security .	prep_postp:before:after	1762
Christmas at my house starts the day before Thanksgiving .	Christmas at my house starts the day after Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:after	1763
His faith comes before football every day but Sunday .	His faith comes after football every day but Sunday .	prep_postp:before:after	1764
Egypt begins negotiations for the return of Sinai before the war .	Egypt begins negotiations for the return of Sinai after the war .	prep_postp:before:after	1765
Meghan said it was the fireflies out back before the summer .	Meghan said it was the fireflies out back during the summer .	prep_postp:before:during	1766
Touba doubles in size to three million before this ritual , called Magal .	Touba doubles in size to three million during this ritual , called Magal .	prep_postp:before:during	1767
Rice was to speak with Olmert again before her meeting with Abbas .	Rice was to speak with Olmert again after her meeting with Abbas .	prep_postp:before:after	1768
Before the arrest , details about other incidents in New York State emerged .	After the arrest , details about other incidents in New York State emerged .	prep_postp:before:after	1769
FDA advisers are to take up the issue before an October 18-19 meeting .	FDA advisers are to take up the issue during an October 18-19 meeting .	prep_postp:before:during	1770
Before a break , Carper got Bush alone .	During a break , Carper got Bush alone .	prep_postp:before:during	1771
Ferguson was able to carry on a charity engagement before the alleged attack .	Ferguson was able to carry on a charity engagement after the alleged attack .	prep_postp:before:after	1772
The road was shut for several hours before the incident .	The road was shut for several hours after the incident .	prep_postp:before:after	1773
Rep. Niki Tsongas speaks before a mock swearing-in ceremony Thursday .	Rep. Niki Tsongas speaks after a mock swearing-in ceremony Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	1774
It would take place in February before a Philharmonic tour in China .	It would take place in February after a Philharmonic tour in China .	prep_postp:before:after	1775
Before boarding , he was examined by a Peruvian doctor , officials said .	After boarding , he was examined by a Peruvian doctor , officials said .	prep_postp:before:after	1776
Both he and his passenger were treated for minor injuries before the crash .	Both he and his passenger were treated for minor injuries after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	1777
She was positively identified before an autopsy Wednesday .	She was positively identified during an autopsy Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:during	1778
It was the day before Elizabeth 's 21st birthday .	It was the day after Elizabeth 's 21st birthday .	prep_postp:before:after	1779
Nord was a corporate lawyer at Eastman Kodak before her appointment .	Nord was a corporate lawyer at Eastman Kodak after her appointment .	prep_postp:before:after	1780
The search occurred before a school trip to Disney World in April .	The search occurred during a school trip to Disney World in April .	prep_postp:before:during	1781
Gul renewed his presidential bid before the elections .	Gul renewed his presidential bid after the elections .	prep_postp:before:after	1782
The treaty was revised in 1999 before the collapse of the Soviet Union .	The treaty was revised in 1999 after the collapse of the Soviet Union .	prep_postp:before:after	1783
The exchange came before Kansas ' 52-7 home blowout of Central Michigan .	The exchange came during Kansas ' 52-7 home blowout of Central Michigan .	prep_postp:before:during	1784
I would been to Israel before as the American tourist .	I would been to Israel after as the American tourist .	prep_postp:before:after	1785
1932-35 - Paraguay wins territory in the west from Bolivia before Chaco war .	1932-35 - Paraguay wins territory in the west from Bolivia during Chaco war .	prep_postp:before:during	1786
Before that , " Joe " has unaccountably become part of her life .	After that , " Joe " has unaccountably become part of her life .	prep_postp:before:after	1787
The parties intend to close on or before December 31 , 2007 .	The parties intend to close on or after December 31 , 2007 .	prep_postp:before:after	1788
He is nervous before the meet .	He is nervous after the meet .	prep_postp:before:after	1789
He left Perugia before Ms Kercher 's murder nearly three weeks ago .	He left Perugia after Ms Kercher 's murder nearly three weeks ago .	prep_postp:before:after	1790
Archaeological evidence shows relatively few signs of human occupation before the mega-drought period .	Archaeological evidence shows relatively few signs of human occupation during the mega-drought period .	prep_postp:before:during	1791
Make sure your passport does not expire until six months before your return .	Make sure your passport does not expire until six months after your return .	prep_postp:before:after	1792
I was in the military for 22 years before that .	I was in the military for 22 years after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1793
At Guildford , a reception was being held before the morning service .	At Guildford , a reception was being held after the morning service .	prep_postp:before:after	1794
Brazil 's Caetano Veloso also picked up two trophies before the preshow .	Brazil 's Caetano Veloso also picked up two trophies during the preshow .	prep_postp:before:during	1795
Is There ( Middle Class ) Life Before Maytag ?	Is There ( Middle Class ) Life After Maytag ?	prep_postp:before:after	1796
The four high school students were returning home before a hip-hop show .	The four high school students were returning home after a hip-hop show .	prep_postp:before:after	1797
Lynch finally helped the Bills break through before a second-and-goal from the 8 .	Lynch finally helped the Bills break through during a second-and-goal from the 8 .	prep_postp:before:during	1798
Before a game of charades , Mr. Chambers pretended to choke himself .	During a game of charades , Mr. Chambers pretended to choke himself .	prep_postp:before:during	1799
It is the media convicting him before his day in court .	It is the media convicting him after his day in court .	prep_postp:before:after	1800
Campbell was recovering at the hospital at the hospital before Thanksgiving .	Campbell was recovering at the hospital at the hospital during Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:during	1801
Apple said it sold 2.16 million Macintosh computers before the quarter .	Apple said it sold 2.16 million Macintosh computers during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	1802
Before much of the campaign , polls gave Dinkins double-digit leads over Giuliani .	During much of the campaign , polls gave Dinkins double-digit leads over Giuliani .	prep_postp:before:during	1803
A Teesside primary school has been extensively damaged before a suspected arson attack .	A Teesside primary school has been extensively damaged after a suspected arson attack .	prep_postp:before:after	1804
King suffered the injury before a pickup game in August .	King suffered the injury during a pickup game in August .	prep_postp:before:during	1805
Before that attack , she did seem like the prime-minister-in-waiting .	After that attack , she did seem like the prime-minister-in-waiting .	prep_postp:before:after	1806
Before umpteen semi-breakups and makeups , Duran Duran is ( mostly ) back .	After umpteen semi-breakups and makeups , Duran Duran is ( mostly ) back .	prep_postp:before:after	1807
Scaling down the business will cost Lehman Brothers $ 20 million before taxes .	Scaling down the business will cost Lehman Brothers $ 20 million after taxes .	prep_postp:before:after	1808
The decline in cases of mumps was 95.9 percent before mandatory vaccination .	The decline in cases of mumps was 95.9 percent after mandatory vaccination .	prep_postp:before:after	1809
Arson inquiry before church blaze On Friday , I go to Tepper Galleries .	Arson inquiry after church blaze On Friday , I go to Tepper Galleries .	prep_postp:before:after	1810
Before the scale , hurricanes were simply described as major or minor .	After the scale , hurricanes were simply described as major or minor .	prep_postp:before:after	1811
Crude oil prices fell before closing above $ 80 for the first time .	Crude oil prices fell after closing above $ 80 for the first time .	prep_postp:before:after	1812
Before his research , this was a topic often dismissed as crazed superstition .	After his research , this was a topic often dismissed as crazed superstition .	prep_postp:before:after	1813
Bogdan 's mother returned to Romania briefly but disappeared before a few days .	Bogdan 's mother returned to Romania briefly but disappeared after a few days .	prep_postp:before:after	1814
MPSSAA rules state that tournament brackets would not be altered before noon Monday .	MPSSAA rules state that tournament brackets would not be altered after noon Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	1815
None of the women were diabetic before pregnancy .	None of the women were diabetic after pregnancy .	prep_postp:before:after	1816
He faces the prospect of life in prison if convicted before a trial .	He faces the prospect of life in prison if convicted after a trial .	prep_postp:before:after	1817
Browne Sanders and Thomas said nothing before the session .	Browne Sanders and Thomas said nothing after the session .	prep_postp:before:after	1818
The price reached $ 97.10 before trading .	The price reached $ 97.10 during trading .	prep_postp:before:during	1819
Before that , everything went blank .	After that , everything went blank .	prep_postp:before:after	1820
Before a couple of weeks , do just that .	After a couple of weeks , do just that .	prep_postp:before:after	1821
Usually the campaign does not start until a few months before the caucus .	Usually the campaign does not start until a few months after the caucus .	prep_postp:before:after	1822
An estimated 6 million Jews were killed before the Holocaust .	An estimated 6 million Jews were killed during the Holocaust .	prep_postp:before:during	1823
Leftwich , cut by Jacksonville shortly before the season , was performing well .	Leftwich , cut by Jacksonville shortly after the season , was performing well .	prep_postp:before:after	1824
He has not said what will happen before that .	He has not said what will happen after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1825
But the emitted carbon dioxide is not just going to disappear before that .	But the emitted carbon dioxide is not just going to disappear after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1826
Before the recent talks , disagreement arose over the definition of disabling .	During the recent talks , disagreement arose over the definition of disabling .	prep_postp:before:during	1827
Lucas 's sentence was reduced to five years before his informant work .	Lucas 's sentence was reduced to five years after his informant work .	prep_postp:before:after	1828
She suddenly collapsed before her samba routine .	She suddenly collapsed after her samba routine .	prep_postp:before:after	1829
The FTC admitted this before Tuesday 's hearing .	The FTC admitted this during Tuesday 's hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	1830
Medics will have to work without ties before clinical practice .	Medics will have to work without ties during clinical practice .	prep_postp:before:during	1831
, and will miss at least two months before surgery .	, and will miss at least two months after surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	1832
Loans sold into the secondary market totaled $ 244 million before the quarter .	Loans sold into the secondary market totaled $ 244 million during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	1833
Where was our leader before this revolution ?	Where was our leader during this revolution ?	prep_postp:before:during	1834
Before the speech of my favorite president , I felt broken .	During the speech of my favorite president , I felt broken .	prep_postp:before:during	1835
By Lisa Richwine She died on Thursday night before a long illness .	By Lisa Richwine She died on Thursday night after a long illness .	prep_postp:before:after	1836
Mourinho vents his frustration before his final game in charge against Rosenborg .	Mourinho vents his frustration during his final game in charge against Rosenborg .	prep_postp:before:during	1837
Trinity 's railcar leasing business continued to grow before the third quarter .	Trinity 's railcar leasing business continued to grow during the third quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	1838
He did not answer reporter 's questions before his statement .	He did not answer reporter 's questions after his statement .	prep_postp:before:after	1839
But before that dark Tuesday , it became a song for all time .	But after that dark Tuesday , it became a song for all time .	prep_postp:before:after	1840
The attack was carried out in broad daylight before hundreds of witnesses .	The attack was carried out in broad daylight after hundreds of witnesses .	prep_postp:before:after	1841
Before Saturday , all the records will mean nothing .	After Saturday , all the records will mean nothing .	prep_postp:before:after	1842
Is it ethical to order food for delivery before a thunderstorm ?	Is it ethical to order food for delivery during a thunderstorm ?	prep_postp:before:during	1843
Four other San Diego-area men were charged days before Kauanui 's death .	Four other San Diego-area men were charged days after Kauanui 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	1844
Rice is due to speak with Olmert again before her meeting with Abbas .	Rice is due to speak with Olmert again after her meeting with Abbas .	prep_postp:before:after	1845
Akhtar pictured before training in South Africa ahead of the Twenty20 Cup .	Akhtar pictured during training in South Africa ahead of the Twenty20 Cup .	prep_postp:before:during	1846
Weekes was not available for comment before the game .	Weekes was not available for comment after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	1847
Before another while , Eleanor asks , What time is it anyway ?	After another while , Eleanor asks , What time is it anyway ?	prep_postp:before:after	1848
Port officials thought it unlikely that they would reopen before today .	Port officials thought it unlikely that they would reopen after today .	prep_postp:before:after	1849
Before the Jets ' bye in Week 10 , Pouha said something clicked .	After the Jets ' bye in Week 10 , Pouha said something clicked .	prep_postp:before:after	1850
Before a second crash , Joshua was talking on a cellphone .	During a second crash , Joshua was talking on a cellphone .	prep_postp:before:during	1851
Musicians can be considered for the honour 25 years before their first recording .	Musicians can be considered for the honour 25 years after their first recording .	prep_postp:before:after	1852
We have talked a fair bit about bodies before this interview .	We have talked a fair bit about bodies during this interview .	prep_postp:before:during	1853
The Wildcats were 8 of 18 from three-point range before the first half .	The Wildcats were 8 of 18 from three-point range during the first half .	prep_postp:before:during	1854
I ate one , then another , and then another before that .	I ate one , then another , and then another after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1855
It is common for politicians to court big money before a campaign .	It is common for politicians to court big money during a campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	1856
" " Goldfish die before a week , you know that ?	" " Goldfish die after a week , you know that ?	prep_postp:before:after	1857
Bhutto returned to Pakistan last month before several years in exile .	Bhutto returned to Pakistan last month after several years in exile .	prep_postp:before:after	1858
But before tonight , who knows ?	But after tonight , who knows ?	prep_postp:before:after	1859
He has uncorked his emotions before the Rockies ' unbelievable late-season run .	He has uncorked his emotions during the Rockies ' unbelievable late-season run .	prep_postp:before:during	1860
Heck , Young even phoned up Bush before the week for tickets .	Heck , Young even phoned up Bush during the week for tickets .	prep_postp:before:during	1861
It was shortly before the birth of the first of their three children .	It was shortly after the birth of the first of their three children .	prep_postp:before:after	1862
The front-month dipped as low as $ 79.45 before the floor session .	The front-month dipped as low as $ 79.45 during the floor session .	prep_postp:before:during	1863
Reports chide them for cowardice and hesitancy before Christmas .	Reports chide them for cowardice and hesitancy after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	1864
He apologized before the game .	He apologized after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	1865
4 May , 2006 : Appointed to succeed Eriksson before the World Cup .	4 May , 2006 : Appointed to succeed Eriksson after the World Cup .	prep_postp:before:after	1866
Our humanitarian aid drop was scheduled before dawn for good reason .	Our humanitarian aid drop was scheduled after dawn for good reason .	prep_postp:before:after	1867
But the atmosphere was tense and clashes broke out before several games .	But the atmosphere was tense and clashes broke out after several games .	prep_postp:before:after	1868
Crew survive before tornado strikes About Manatron , Inc .	Crew survive after tornado strikes About Manatron , Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	1869
Otherwise he will not cook before midnight !	Otherwise he will not cook after midnight !	prep_postp:before:after	1870
The issue has flared up before for Mr. Bloomberg .	The issue has flared up after for Mr. Bloomberg .	prep_postp:before:after	1871
Go slowly before meeting in person .	Go slowly after meeting in person .	prep_postp:before:after	1872
The hourlong interview was taped Friday , Alonso said before the broadcast .	The hourlong interview was taped Friday , Alonso said after the broadcast .	prep_postp:before:after	1873
The stock price jumped 11.63 percent to $ 119.43 before hours .	The stock price jumped 11.63 percent to $ 119.43 after hours .	prep_postp:before:after	1874
Al-Sadr organised the Mahdi Army shortly before the US-led invasion of 2003 .	Al-Sadr organised the Mahdi Army shortly after the US-led invasion of 2003 .	prep_postp:before:after	1875
This strategy fell apart before a disastrous dinner with her brother .	This strategy fell apart during a disastrous dinner with her brother .	prep_postp:before:during	1876
Cruise and Kidman divorced in 2001 before nearly 10 years of marriage .	Cruise and Kidman divorced in 2001 after nearly 10 years of marriage .	prep_postp:before:after	1877
Before this campaign , go !	During this campaign , go !	prep_postp:before:during	1878
Henman said last month he would retire before the Davis Cup .	Henman said last month he would retire after the Davis Cup .	prep_postp:before:after	1879
Finally , and before some protest , he was banished .	Finally , and after some protest , he was banished .	prep_postp:before:after	1880
Before the civil rights era , the shops were used for political gatherings .	During the civil rights era , the shops were used for political gatherings .	prep_postp:before:during	1881
He hopes to gain approval before a holiday this weekend .	He hopes to gain approval after a holiday this weekend .	prep_postp:before:after	1882
... Britain commanded the seas before Trafalgar in 1805 .	... Britain commanded the seas after Trafalgar in 1805 .	prep_postp:before:after	1883
The camp was closed shortly before Martin 's death .	The camp was closed shortly after Martin 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	1884
Many campaigns shut down before a flurry of events on Saturday .	Many campaigns shut down after a flurry of events on Saturday .	prep_postp:before:after	1885
Politics : Stability appears to be within reach before years of bloody conflict .	Politics : Stability appears to be within reach after years of bloody conflict .	prep_postp:before:after	1886
A judge ordered Rudy Hermann Guede , 20 , held before extradition proceedings .	A judge ordered Rudy Hermann Guede , 20 , held during extradition proceedings .	prep_postp:before:during	1887
Hours before the shooting , the user 's YouTube account was suspended .	Hours after the shooting , the user 's YouTube account was suspended .	prep_postp:before:after	1888
No off-sales premises were reported for licensing offences before this operation .	No off-sales premises were reported for licensing offences during this operation .	prep_postp:before:during	1889
He wakes up before dawn and works on broadcasts there into the evening .	He wakes up after dawn and works on broadcasts there into the evening .	prep_postp:before:after	1890
Only one FHI patient was born before the decade 1979 to 1988 .	Only one FHI patient was born during the decade 1979 to 1988 .	prep_postp:before:during	1891
Investors in China went on a buying spree before a weeklong break .	Investors in China went on a buying spree after a weeklong break .	prep_postp:before:after	1892
They were laughing and joking even before the trial .	They were laughing and joking even during the trial .	prep_postp:before:during	1893
Before a single by Pedroia , Youk bounces into a force play .	After a single by Pedroia , Youk bounces into a force play .	prep_postp:before:after	1894
Demand a copy of the terms of your loan before closing .	Demand a copy of the terms of your loan after closing .	prep_postp:before:after	1895
Sheets was activated before the game .	Sheets was activated after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	1896
This was before a bull market .	This was during a bull market .	prep_postp:before:during	1897
I yelled a lot before Adam 's birth .	I yelled a lot during Adam 's birth .	prep_postp:before:during	1898
The webcast also will be available before the live event .	The webcast also will be available after the live event .	prep_postp:before:after	1899
The bacteria were detected before routine product sampling at the facility .	The bacteria were detected during routine product sampling at the facility .	prep_postp:before:during	1900
My room was not ready 30 minutes before check-in time .	My room was not ready 30 minutes after check-in time .	prep_postp:before:after	1901
What did you do before the war ?	What did you do during the war ?	prep_postp:before:during	1902
Noriega was captured before the 1989 United States military invasion of Panama .	Noriega was captured after the 1989 United States military invasion of Panama .	prep_postp:before:after	1903
Before several days in a hospital , the new year looked brighter .	After several days in a hospital , the new year looked brighter .	prep_postp:before:after	1904
Kimmel pleaded guilty to capital murder just before trial .	Kimmel pleaded guilty to capital murder just after trial .	prep_postp:before:after	1905
Most said the living conditions are worse now than before the war .	Most said the living conditions are worse now than after the war .	prep_postp:before:after	1906
A 50mph speed limit was imposed before these times .	A 50mph speed limit was imposed during these times .	prep_postp:before:during	1907
University officials said the prison gave Gombela support before his studies .	University officials said the prison gave Gombela support during his studies .	prep_postp:before:during	1908
Mr. Pimentel said he became disillusioned with BOPE before Operation Holiness .	Mr. Pimentel said he became disillusioned with BOPE after Operation Holiness .	prep_postp:before:after	1909
He had kept working until the day before his death .	He had kept working until the day after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	1910
Opening statements are expected Thursday before more than three days of jury selection .	Opening statements are expected Thursday after more than three days of jury selection .	prep_postp:before:after	1911
The webcast will be archived for 30 days before the conference .	The webcast will be archived for 30 days after the conference .	prep_postp:before:after	1912
It last was flown 13 years ago before Bosnia 's war for independence .	It last was flown 13 years ago during Bosnia 's war for independence .	prep_postp:before:during	1913
" Tim Burton 's the Nightmare Before Christmas , " $ 3.35 million .	" Tim Burton 's the Nightmare After Christmas , " $ 3.35 million .	prep_postp:before:after	1914
" " Remember those leaflets we used to collect before her election ?	" " Remember those leaflets we used to collect after her election ?	prep_postp:before:after	1915
Easter will work with O 'Connor before the transition period .	Easter will work with O 'Connor during the transition period .	prep_postp:before:during	1916
Before the four-day trial , prosecutors portrayed Nichols as prejudiced and a liar .	During the four-day trial , prosecutors portrayed Nichols as prejudiced and a liar .	prep_postp:before:during	1917
Before the interview , Haggard was getting ready to dash off to rehearsal .	During the interview , Haggard was getting ready to dash off to rehearsal .	prep_postp:before:during	1918
That much was shown before a 31-28 win over the Dolphins .	That much was shown during a 31-28 win over the Dolphins .	prep_postp:before:during	1919
I hope she lived only a few minutes before the bite .	I hope she lived only a few minutes after the bite .	prep_postp:before:after	1920
He would had no friends before that .	He would had no friends after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1921
With the score 1-1 before extra-time against Argentina , penalties were needed .	With the score 1-1 after extra-time against Argentina , penalties were needed .	prep_postp:before:after	1922
The festival runs from shortly before dusk on Friday till Sunday evening .	The festival runs from shortly after dusk on Friday till Sunday evening .	prep_postp:before:after	1923
The driver admitted to being awake for 30 hours before smoking crack cocaine .	The driver admitted to being awake for 30 hours after smoking crack cocaine .	prep_postp:before:after	1924
Before the third misdial , her mother gave it a go .	After the third misdial , her mother gave it a go .	prep_postp:before:after	1925
A plane found nothing before a flyover Wednesday .	A plane found nothing during a flyover Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:during	1926
Correia retired his final 11 batters before Loney 's home run .	Correia retired his final 11 batters after Loney 's home run .	prep_postp:before:after	1927
It happened to Bill Marriott a few weeks ago before breakfast in Tokyo .	It happened to Bill Marriott a few weeks ago during breakfast in Tokyo .	prep_postp:before:during	1928
A fourth goal arrived six minutes before the interval .	A fourth goal arrived six minutes after the interval .	prep_postp:before:after	1929
McClaren 's side must refocus quickly before the shock of Terry 's injury .	McClaren 's side must refocus quickly after the shock of Terry 's injury .	prep_postp:before:after	1930
" Many hand injuries also occur before post-meal clean-up , " says Abrams .	" Many hand injuries also occur during post-meal clean-up , " says Abrams .	prep_postp:before:during	1931
That was little changed from before Bernanke 's remarks .	That was little changed from after Bernanke 's remarks .	prep_postp:before:after	1932
Meanwhile , tiger parts are sought before for expensive traditional medicines .	Meanwhile , tiger parts are sought after for expensive traditional medicines .	prep_postp:before:after	1933
Something about the moon brings to life one metaphor before another .	Something about the moon brings to life one metaphor after another .	prep_postp:before:after	1934
Gray got back to Montana just before Christmas 2003 .	Gray got back to Montana just after Christmas 2003 .	prep_postp:before:after	1935
Please read the prospectus carefully before investing .	Please read the prospectus carefully after investing .	prep_postp:before:after	1936
- Nine soldiers were confirmed dead and 29 wounded before the operation .	- Nine soldiers were confirmed dead and 29 wounded during the operation .	prep_postp:before:during	1937
It received 56 votes the last time it came before the Senate .	It received 56 votes the last time it came after the Senate .	prep_postp:before:after	1938
He gave no comments before either game .	He gave no comments after either game .	prep_postp:before:after	1939
The statement was released a day before Rep. Henry Waxman , D-Calif .	The statement was released a day after Rep. Henry Waxman , D-Calif .	prep_postp:before:after	1940
Led Zeppelin split when Bonham died in 1980 before a drinking binge .	Led Zeppelin split when Bonham died in 1980 after a drinking binge .	prep_postp:before:after	1941
Woods made six of his seven birdies before a nine-hole stretch .	Woods made six of his seven birdies during a nine-hole stretch .	prep_postp:before:during	1942
Before the election , he promised a break with bad old ways .	During the election , he promised a break with bad old ways .	prep_postp:before:during	1943
Sendler was nominated for saving 2,500 Jewish children before World War II .	Sendler was nominated for saving 2,500 Jewish children during World War II .	prep_postp:before:during	1944
It posted a loss of 8.6 million euros before its first fiscal year .	It posted a loss of 8.6 million euros during its first fiscal year .	prep_postp:before:during	1945
The gong comes before a tumultuous few months for the 24-year-old star .	The gong comes after a tumultuous few months for the 24-year-old star .	prep_postp:before:after	1946
Before the six-month period through August , the coincident index increased 0.9 percent .	During the six-month period through August , the coincident index increased 0.9 percent .	prep_postp:before:during	1947
Planning for a permanent memorial started two months before the shooting .	Planning for a permanent memorial started two months after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	1948
WASHINGTON - The House was quiet as a mouse the day before Christmas .	WASHINGTON - The House was quiet as a mouse the day after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	1949
" We run scared , " Jobs told me before the presentation .	" We run scared , " Jobs told me after the presentation .	prep_postp:before:after	1950
It will not last before January 31 .	It will not last after January 31 .	prep_postp:before:after	1951
Mr Brown omitted his inheritance tax plan on the Sunday before the Budget .	Mr Brown omitted his inheritance tax plan on the Sunday after the Budget .	prep_postp:before:after	1952
I do not know if Kym said anything to me before the dance .	I do not know if Kym said anything to me during the dance .	prep_postp:before:during	1953
She was third before Friday 's short programme .	She was third after Friday 's short programme .	prep_postp:before:after	1954
Taylor consciously worked to cast aside his accolades and blend in before preseason .	Taylor consciously worked to cast aside his accolades and blend in during preseason .	prep_postp:before:during	1955
Wuterich reported to Capers for about two years before the killings .	Wuterich reported to Capers for about two years after the killings .	prep_postp:before:after	1956
MIKE SILVERMAN did not get up once before the entire party .	MIKE SILVERMAN did not get up once during the entire party .	prep_postp:before:during	1957
About 300 years before this ecological transformation , the Argaric civilisation disappeared .	About 300 years after this ecological transformation , the Argaric civilisation disappeared .	prep_postp:before:after	1958
Before that same period , Obama and Edwards have each made nine visits .	During that same period , Obama and Edwards have each made nine visits .	prep_postp:before:during	1959
Before a bye week , Boston College plays at Virginia Tech .	After a bye week , Boston College plays at Virginia Tech .	prep_postp:before:after	1960
The lights can also be used to keep cars separated before individual-lapping sessions .	The lights can also be used to keep cars separated during individual-lapping sessions .	prep_postp:before:during	1961
Before the session , Mr. Greenbaum ran off .	After the session , Mr. Greenbaum ran off .	prep_postp:before:after	1962
Fitch affirmed its AAA rating on CIFG before the announcement today .	Fitch affirmed its AAA rating on CIFG after the announcement today .	prep_postp:before:after	1963
He was killed by security services as he fled before the blast .	He was killed by security services as he fled after the blast .	prep_postp:before:after	1964
The third-wicket pair batted sensibly to add 102 runs before Jayawardene 's departure .	The third-wicket pair batted sensibly to add 102 runs after Jayawardene 's departure .	prep_postp:before:after	1965
Has he ever fixed a ticket before his 34 years in the business ?	Has he ever fixed a ticket during his 34 years in the business ?	prep_postp:before:during	1966
Before the session , Cizik took on his critics with confidence .	After the session , Cizik took on his critics with confidence .	prep_postp:before:after	1967
We define adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before special charges .	We define adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA after special charges .	prep_postp:before:after	1968
" " Before work , I go home and stay at home .	" " After work , I go home and stay at home .	prep_postp:before:after	1969
Shares of all four public companies rose before the settlement announcement .	Shares of all four public companies rose after the settlement announcement .	prep_postp:before:after	1970
Jon Lester earned the plaudits from his team-mates before a masterful pitching performance .	Jon Lester earned the plaudits from his team-mates after a masterful pitching performance .	prep_postp:before:after	1971
Portland 's commanders identified the problems before a routine review , she said .	Portland 's commanders identified the problems during a routine review , she said .	prep_postp:before:during	1972
Everyone is elated before that tremendous comeback against Denmark .	Everyone is elated after that tremendous comeback against Denmark .	prep_postp:before:after	1973
The Saints simply became the Saints again before last year 's magical season .	The Saints simply became the Saints again after last year 's magical season .	prep_postp:before:after	1974
Shares have traded between $ 38.47 and $ 58.80 before the past year .	Shares have traded between $ 38.47 and $ 58.80 during the past year .	prep_postp:before:during	1975
Lexmark did not repurchase its stock before the third quarter .	Lexmark did not repurchase its stock during the third quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	1976
Tennis is cracking down on betting before a troubled period for the sport .	Tennis is cracking down on betting after a troubled period for the sport .	prep_postp:before:after	1977
The shares had fallen 3.5 percent before the session .	The shares had fallen 3.5 percent during the session .	prep_postp:before:during	1978
The meeting outlined construction schedules , collaboration before construction , and other logistics .	The meeting outlined construction schedules , collaboration during construction , and other logistics .	prep_postp:before:during	1979
Before the news conference , Fenty took the subway to the Wilson Building .	After the news conference , Fenty took the subway to the Wilson Building .	prep_postp:before:after	1980
Strike halts production on U.S. sit-coms It lost 163 troops before the siege .	Strike halts production on U.S. sit-coms It lost 163 troops during the siege .	prep_postp:before:during	1981
Holt declined comment before the game .	Holt declined comment after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	1982
Before his testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	After his testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	prep_postp:before:after	1983
Emilio also won before weeks 11 and 18 .	Emilio also won after weeks 11 and 18 .	prep_postp:before:after	1984
Before Thursday , officials on both sides had reported that bargaining was progressing .	After Thursday , officials on both sides had reported that bargaining was progressing .	prep_postp:before:after	1985
If you routinely feel poorly before landing , this could be why .	If you routinely feel poorly after landing , this could be why .	prep_postp:before:after	1986
The Raptors got no closer than 13 before that .	The Raptors got no closer than 13 after that .	prep_postp:before:after	1987
The 24-team tournament will be modeled before the European Champions League .	The 24-team tournament will be modeled after the European Champions League .	prep_postp:before:after	1988
Manning was not available for comment in the locker room before practice .	Manning was not available for comment in the locker room after practice .	prep_postp:before:after	1989
Ibatoulline depicts the church social before the pageant .	Ibatoulline depicts the church social after the pageant .	prep_postp:before:after	1990
He also surrendered to U.S. forces in September 2003 before weeks of negotiations .	He also surrendered to U.S. forces in September 2003 after weeks of negotiations .	prep_postp:before:after	1991
I told them everything before the elections .	I told them everything after the elections .	prep_postp:before:after	1992
Before his meeting with Rice on Wednesday , Abbas harshly criticized Israel .	After his meeting with Rice on Wednesday , Abbas harshly criticized Israel .	prep_postp:before:after	1993
Officials said they might have been killed before the bartender .	Officials said they might have been killed after the bartender .	prep_postp:before:after	1994
Before that time , his family had to leave their married quarters home .	During that time , his family had to leave their married quarters home .	prep_postp:before:during	1995
But Mr. Berger fled the country just before sentencing in 2002 .	But Mr. Berger fled the country just after sentencing in 2002 .	prep_postp:before:after	1996
A 35-year-old police officer from Michigan died before the race .	A 35-year-old police officer from Michigan died during the race .	prep_postp:before:during	1997
Luis Castillo must appear before a magistrate judge Wednesday .	Luis Castillo must appear after a magistrate judge Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	1998
The ordinance goes into effect 14 months before passage .	The ordinance goes into effect 14 months after passage .	prep_postp:before:after	1999
The worshippers , some of whom wept openly before prayers , dispersed afterward .	The worshippers , some of whom wept openly during prayers , dispersed afterward .	prep_postp:before:during	2000
Landry and Budo testified before the panel under immunity .	Landry and Budo testified after the panel under immunity .	prep_postp:before:after	2001
The Israeli military said it attacked before rocket fire from the area .	The Israeli military said it attacked after rocket fire from the area .	prep_postp:before:after	2002
Mangini hammered home that point Monday before a meeting with the players .	Mangini hammered home that point Monday during a meeting with the players .	prep_postp:before:during	2003
Before September 2007 , the Company opened one store and closed four stores .	During September 2007 , the Company opened one store and closed four stores .	prep_postp:before:during	2004
Before the same period last year , 0.3 percent were that far behind .	During the same period last year , 0.3 percent were that far behind .	prep_postp:before:during	2005
He retired before a severe knee injury early in the 1956 season .	He retired after a severe knee injury early in the 1956 season .	prep_postp:before:after	2006
East Carolina did not get past the Virginia Tech 34-yard line before that .	East Carolina did not get past the Virginia Tech 34-yard line after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2007
Before past economic difficulties , Americans pared itineraries instead of outright canceling plans .	During past economic difficulties , Americans pared itineraries instead of outright canceling plans .	prep_postp:before:during	2008
The couple had met only a few weeks before Quachaun 's death .	The couple had met only a few weeks after Quachaun 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	2009
The program had only restarted two days before Osman 's arrest .	The program had only restarted two days after Osman 's arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	2010
He gradually relaxed , but hardly smiled before the hour-long visit .	He gradually relaxed , but hardly smiled during the hour-long visit .	prep_postp:before:during	2011
It would have covered products tested on patients , but dropped before marketing .	It would have covered products tested on patients , but dropped after marketing .	prep_postp:before:after	2012
The company 's shares plunged more than 21 percent before the announcement .	The company 's shares plunged more than 21 percent after the announcement .	prep_postp:before:after	2013
" We are so close , " Grossman said before the game .	" We are so close , " Grossman said after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2014
Pro-democracy students there had protested the president before a speech in December .	Pro-democracy students there had protested the president during a speech in December .	prep_postp:before:during	2015
It is even worse than in Rwanda before the genocide .	It is even worse than in Rwanda during the genocide .	prep_postp:before:during	2016
Just before Thanksgiving , she traveled to San Diego .	Just after Thanksgiving , she traveled to San Diego .	prep_postp:before:after	2017
Everett addressed teammates about two hours before the game against the Giants .	Everett addressed teammates about two hours after the game against the Giants .	prep_postp:before:after	2018
This president of Iran spoke before the United Nations General Assembly .	This president of Iran spoke after the United Nations General Assembly .	prep_postp:before:after	2019
Before epidemics , people need to avoid raw vegetables .	During epidemics , people need to avoid raw vegetables .	prep_postp:before:during	2020
Losses widened from $ 715 million before the same period last year .	Losses widened from $ 715 million during the same period last year .	prep_postp:before:during	2021
Clearly , he is praying before a deployment and long separation .	Clearly , he is praying after a deployment and long separation .	prep_postp:before:after	2022
He prosecuted bank robbers and moonshiners , racking up one conviction before another .	He prosecuted bank robbers and moonshiners , racking up one conviction after another .	prep_postp:before:after	2023
Before the opening , " Wrinkle , " quite literally , takes off .	After the opening , " Wrinkle , " quite literally , takes off .	prep_postp:before:after	2024
Before an interception by George Johnson , Rutgers scored again .	After an interception by George Johnson , Rutgers scored again .	prep_postp:before:after	2025
They won 16 in a row before the 1990-91 season .	They won 16 in a row during the 1990-91 season .	prep_postp:before:during	2026
Villagers gathered around the debris of the copter before the crash .	Villagers gathered around the debris of the copter after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	2027
Mr Salmond will have a private audience with the Queen before the visit .	Mr Salmond will have a private audience with the Queen during the visit .	prep_postp:before:during	2028
But before the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands , his collection was looted .	But during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands , his collection was looted .	prep_postp:before:during	2029
Manor Care said the company would be more streamlined before the reorganization .	Manor Care said the company would be more streamlined after the reorganization .	prep_postp:before:after	2030
The only time it can rest is before sleep .	The only time it can rest is during sleep .	prep_postp:before:during	2031
There were at least 10 of them running before Ramadan this year .	There were at least 10 of them running during Ramadan this year .	prep_postp:before:during	2032
Before the war , he got into test flying .	After the war , he got into test flying .	prep_postp:before:after	2033
www.peacebrigades.org He spoke before meeting Portuguese Foreign Minister Luis Amado .	www.peacebrigades.org He spoke after meeting Portuguese Foreign Minister Luis Amado .	prep_postp:before:after	2034
Unlike most chicken farmers , Ms. Smothers names her hens before family members .	Unlike most chicken farmers , Ms. Smothers names her hens after family members .	prep_postp:before:after	2035
36 wirebonders were disposed of before the quarter .	36 wirebonders were disposed of during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2036
That certainly , I think , touched everybody 's heart before the game .	That certainly , I think , touched everybody 's heart after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2037
... A year before high school , they married .	... A year after high school , they married .	prep_postp:before:after	2038
What did he do before that time period ?	What did he do during that time period ?	prep_postp:before:during	2039
Before midnight , she and I were dancing closely .	After midnight , she and I were dancing closely .	prep_postp:before:after	2040
" " It will be sometime before ( Monday ) .	" " It will be sometime after ( Monday ) .	prep_postp:before:after	2041
The company expects to report the results of this trial before November .	The company expects to report the results of this trial during November .	prep_postp:before:during	2042
There was no war cabinet as there had been before the Falklands campaign .	There was no war cabinet as there had been during the Falklands campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	2043
Willett poured out his feelings onto a computer before his retirement .	Willett poured out his feelings onto a computer after his retirement .	prep_postp:before:after	2044
The study included 400 patients who underwent CTC before a 14-month period .	The study included 400 patients who underwent CTC during a 14-month period .	prep_postp:before:during	2045
The agreement comes before a year of talks .	The agreement comes after a year of talks .	prep_postp:before:after	2046
Comcast allowed the uploads before repeated requests .	Comcast allowed the uploads after repeated requests .	prep_postp:before:after	2047
No lifting partner to keep you talking before your strength training sessions ?	No lifting partner to keep you talking during your strength training sessions ?	prep_postp:before:during	2048
One NLD member died before the interrogations .	One NLD member died during the interrogations .	prep_postp:before:during	2049
Benioff has established himself as one of Hollywood 's most sought before screenwriters .	Benioff has established himself as one of Hollywood 's most sought after screenwriters .	prep_postp:before:after	2050
That role would continue until before World War II .	That role would continue until after World War II .	prep_postp:before:after	2051
The hearing marked his first appearance before a US government body .	The hearing marked his first appearance after a US government body .	prep_postp:before:after	2052
Contact Valimo to book a one-on-one meeting before Cartes 2007 in Paris .	Contact Valimo to book a one-on-one meeting during Cartes 2007 in Paris .	prep_postp:before:during	2053
In all , he estimates he is netted maybe $ 5,000 before expenses .	In all , he estimates he is netted maybe $ 5,000 after expenses .	prep_postp:before:after	2054
There were no share repurchases before the quarter .	There were no share repurchases during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2055
They will not score many before the year like that .	They will not score many during the year like that .	prep_postp:before:during	2056
Former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan announced the award before a ceremony in London .	Former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan announced the award during a ceremony in London .	prep_postp:before:during	2057
Many Americans lost faith in their election system before the 2000 election .	Many Americans lost faith in their election system after the 2000 election .	prep_postp:before:after	2058
These moves came before the July-September quarter .	These moves came after the July-September quarter .	prep_postp:before:after	2059
There are no economic reports due before the session .	There are no economic reports due during the session .	prep_postp:before:during	2060
Two other houses in Grimsby were also examined before Wednesday 's operation .	Two other houses in Grimsby were also examined during Wednesday 's operation .	prep_postp:before:during	2061
Pitt became a part-time resident of New Orleans before Hurricane Katrina .	Pitt became a part-time resident of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina .	prep_postp:before:after	2062
Broadway 's businesses are hoping the strike ends before the lucrative Thanksgiving holiday .	Broadway 's businesses are hoping the strike ends after the lucrative Thanksgiving holiday .	prep_postp:before:after	2063
Five years before that , she did .	Five years after that , she did .	prep_postp:before:after	2064
Democrats still promised a thorough examination of Mukasey before confirmation hearings .	Democrats still promised a thorough examination of Mukasey during confirmation hearings .	prep_postp:before:during	2065
" " Frank Lloyd Wright lived there before the construction of the Guggenheim .	" " Frank Lloyd Wright lived there during the construction of the Guggenheim .	prep_postp:before:during	2066
Before that , the number of seconds will be counted .	After that , the number of seconds will be counted .	prep_postp:before:after	2067
Things certainly got complicated for Mr. Carmichael before his cousin 's death .	Things certainly got complicated for Mr. Carmichael after his cousin 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	2068
Finally , a few minutes before midnight , she leaves .	Finally , a few minutes after midnight , she leaves .	prep_postp:before:after	2069
Here was a man before my own heart .	Here was a man after my own heart .	prep_postp:before:after	2070
A replay also will be available for 30 days before the conference .	A replay also will be available for 30 days after the conference .	prep_postp:before:after	2071
Attendees gathered before the first day of the conference for interactive tutorials .	Attendees gathered during the first day of the conference for interactive tutorials .	prep_postp:before:during	2072
Before more than four decades in Edmonston , she decided to move .	After more than four decades in Edmonston , she decided to move .	prep_postp:before:after	2073
Before this agreement , the companies will fund the venture equally .	After this agreement , the companies will fund the venture equally .	prep_postp:before:after	2074
Palestinians recently asked Olmert to release 2,000 more before the summit .	Palestinians recently asked Olmert to release 2,000 more after the summit .	prep_postp:before:after	2075
Three weeks before the operation , however , the patient died .	Three weeks after the operation , however , the patient died .	prep_postp:before:after	2076
CDC guidelines recommend testing three months before transplants from high-risk donors .	CDC guidelines recommend testing three months after transplants from high-risk donors .	prep_postp:before:after	2077
Obstruction of justice captures different types of misconduct before a legal proceeding .	Obstruction of justice captures different types of misconduct during a legal proceeding .	prep_postp:before:during	2078
That is partly because Palm 's product roadmap was set before the deal .	That is partly because Palm 's product roadmap was set after the deal .	prep_postp:before:after	2079
Cutts professed his innocence soon before Davis ' disappearance .	Cutts professed his innocence soon after Davis ' disappearance .	prep_postp:before:after	2080
I start planning a return journey before my departure .	I start planning a return journey after my departure .	prep_postp:before:after	2081
Just before dawn , scattered showers drenched the area .	Just after dawn , scattered showers drenched the area .	prep_postp:before:after	2082
California rose from $ 3.159 to $ 3.231 before the same week .	California rose from $ 3.159 to $ 3.231 during the same week .	prep_postp:before:during	2083
There is no schedule for action before that .	There is no schedule for action after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2084
Gramlich had fallen ill before a trip to Africa in March .	Gramlich had fallen ill during a trip to Africa in March .	prep_postp:before:during	2085
And more aggressive measures were consistently rejected before closed-door meetings .	And more aggressive measures were consistently rejected during closed-door meetings .	prep_postp:before:during	2086
Reiser will move up to general manager of Roush Fenway Racing before Sunday .	Reiser will move up to general manager of Roush Fenway Racing after Sunday .	prep_postp:before:after	2087
Then we poured good money before bad .	Then we poured good money after bad .	prep_postp:before:after	2088
Vegetation will be cleared and culverts repaired before the winter months .	Vegetation will be cleared and culverts repaired during the winter months .	prep_postp:before:during	2089
Videotaping on the field is forbidden before games .	Videotaping on the field is forbidden during games .	prep_postp:before:during	2090
Liedson nearly made them pay for their caution before half an hour .	Liedson nearly made them pay for their caution after half an hour .	prep_postp:before:after	2091
Make it four before Nixon 's line shot into the right-field seats .	Make it four after Nixon 's line shot into the right-field seats .	prep_postp:before:after	2092
Several Southern companies have raised wages to attract new workers before immigration raids .	Several Southern companies have raised wages to attract new workers after immigration raids .	prep_postp:before:after	2093
I did not do the interview 30 minutes before the game .	I did not do the interview 30 minutes after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2094
Before that outburst , Schilling coasted .	After that outburst , Schilling coasted .	prep_postp:before:after	2095
It had the third-highest number of filings before the quarter .	It had the third-highest number of filings during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2096
Before the compression process , some of the image data is inevitably lost .	During the compression process , some of the image data is inevitably lost .	prep_postp:before:during	2097
Mitchell , Hall and Ballantyne were convicted before a six-week trial .	Mitchell , Hall and Ballantyne were convicted after a six-week trial .	prep_postp:before:after	2098
A man is seriously ill in hospital before a river rescue in Sunderland .	A man is seriously ill in hospital after a river rescue in Sunderland .	prep_postp:before:after	2099
Before his release in 1969 , Mr. Truscott lived under an assumed name .	After his release in 1969 , Mr. Truscott lived under an assumed name .	prep_postp:before:after	2100
Interestingly , Drew and Lugo were disappointments before the regular season .	Interestingly , Drew and Lugo were disappointments during the regular season .	prep_postp:before:during	2101
Are there moves to help prevent saggy breasts before weight loss ?	Are there moves to help prevent saggy breasts after weight loss ?	prep_postp:before:after	2102
He returned to that theme before his Sunday evening speech .	He returned to that theme during his Sunday evening speech .	prep_postp:before:during	2103
He was still in surgery just before noon , police said .	He was still in surgery just after noon , police said .	prep_postp:before:after	2104
Before betrayal , was there vengeance ?	After betrayal , was there vengeance ?	prep_postp:before:after	2105
But he noted that a similar pattern emerged days before the 1990 eruption .	But he noted that a similar pattern emerged days after the 1990 eruption .	prep_postp:before:after	2106
Puerta collapsed on the pitch before last Saturday 's 4-1 victory over Getafe .	Puerta collapsed on the pitch during last Saturday 's 4-1 victory over Getafe .	prep_postp:before:during	2107
Before their breakup , she portrayed him unflatteringly in a book .	After their breakup , she portrayed him unflatteringly in a book .	prep_postp:before:after	2108
Lawyers say the case will be argued before the Court sometime in January .	Lawyers say the case will be argued after the Court sometime in January .	prep_postp:before:after	2109
Green has yet to crack the two-deep roster before his career at Maryland .	Green has yet to crack the two-deep roster during his career at Maryland .	prep_postp:before:during	2110
Before the war , Iraq received 8,000 pilgrims a day .	After the war , Iraq received 8,000 pilgrims a day .	prep_postp:before:after	2111
More people are accessing news more frequently than ever before the world over .	More people are accessing news more frequently than ever after the world over .	prep_postp:before:after	2112
Kerik served as Giuliani 's bodyguard and driver before the 1993 mayoral campaign .	Kerik served as Giuliani 's bodyguard and driver during the 1993 mayoral campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	2113
Jurors were told how an inquiry was launched before complaints from voters .	Jurors were told how an inquiry was launched after complaints from voters .	prep_postp:before:after	2114
Did I need to urinate before the night ?	Did I need to urinate during the night ?	prep_postp:before:during	2115
Now she was dying , before a return of the cancer .	Now she was dying , after a return of the cancer .	prep_postp:before:after	2116
He covered the White House before the Nixon , Ford and Carter administrations .	He covered the White House during the Nixon , Ford and Carter administrations .	prep_postp:before:during	2117
Abbas installed a pro-Western government in the West Bank before the Hamas takeover .	Abbas installed a pro-Western government in the West Bank after the Hamas takeover .	prep_postp:before:after	2118
Miley said Cashmore was unarmed before the alleged robbery .	Miley said Cashmore was unarmed during the alleged robbery .	prep_postp:before:during	2119
A building engineer was killed before a freak elevator accident in 2005 .	A building engineer was killed during a freak elevator accident in 2005 .	prep_postp:before:during	2120
He is handled this type of mega-event before with panache .	He is handled this type of mega-event after with panache .	prep_postp:before:after	2121
Before the day , one of the women was in charge .	During the day , one of the women was in charge .	prep_postp:before:during	2122
It appeared that everyone was allowed to head home before their hearings .	It appeared that everyone was allowed to head home after their hearings .	prep_postp:before:after	2123
She would bring her paints before breakfast .	She would bring her paints after breakfast .	prep_postp:before:after	2124
Mark your calendar for the weekend before Halloween .	Mark your calendar for the weekend after Halloween .	prep_postp:before:after	2125
That seemed unlikely before then-No .	That seemed unlikely after then-No .	prep_postp:before:after	2126
It is not so easy to get a bandwagon rolling before Iraq .	It is not so easy to get a bandwagon rolling after Iraq .	prep_postp:before:after	2127
Before their 14-year marriage , Brown was arrested for drugs and alcohol .	During their 14-year marriage , Brown was arrested for drugs and alcohol .	prep_postp:before:during	2128
Good to see you here before the committee .	Good to see you here after the committee .	prep_postp:before:after	2129
Investors are awaiting his scheduled testimony Thursday before Congress ' Joint Economic Committee .	Investors are awaiting his scheduled testimony Thursday after Congress ' Joint Economic Committee .	prep_postp:before:after	2130
Just before halftime , Tebow showed finesse .	Just after halftime , Tebow showed finesse .	prep_postp:before:after	2131
He checked into a hospital , where he remained before the weekend .	He checked into a hospital , where he remained during the weekend .	prep_postp:before:during	2132
Negroponte held talks with President Hamid Karzai and other officials before his visit .	Negroponte held talks with President Hamid Karzai and other officials during his visit .	prep_postp:before:during	2133
Scott interviewed him before the trial .	Scott interviewed him after the trial .	prep_postp:before:after	2134
Davydenko spoke to the tournament supervisor before the match .	Davydenko spoke to the tournament supervisor after the match .	prep_postp:before:after	2135
But before this ending , speculation about Randolph 's job security will intensify .	But after this ending , speculation about Randolph 's job security will intensify .	prep_postp:before:after	2136
Before that , caveat emptor goes into effect .	After that , caveat emptor goes into effect .	prep_postp:before:after	2137
This is why I am back before the committee today .	This is why I am back after the committee today .	prep_postp:before:after	2138
That made it 28-7 before less than 20 minutes .	That made it 28-7 after less than 20 minutes .	prep_postp:before:after	2139
Six million Jews were killed by the Nazis before World War II .	Six million Jews were killed by the Nazis during World War II .	prep_postp:before:during	2140
Before her mother 's death , Ms Nasreen went to live in Paris .	After her mother 's death , Ms Nasreen went to live in Paris .	prep_postp:before:after	2141
It was clearly that before the initial invasion , but not today .	It was clearly that during the initial invasion , but not today .	prep_postp:before:during	2142
The file became available before McCarthy 's death in December 2005 .	The file became available after McCarthy 's death in December 2005 .	prep_postp:before:after	2143
U.S. troops killed 14 suspects before the operations , the military said .	U.S. troops killed 14 suspects during the operations , the military said .	prep_postp:before:during	2144
A man has been treated in hospital before an attack in Oxfordshire .	A man has been treated in hospital after an attack in Oxfordshire .	prep_postp:before:after	2145
They will have an intriguing decision to make with him before the off-season .	They will have an intriguing decision to make with him during the off-season .	prep_postp:before:during	2146
Sasol may recommence its repurchase programme before the release of its annual results .	Sasol may recommence its repurchase programme after the release of its annual results .	prep_postp:before:after	2147
It comes before repeated political calls for closer links between the nations .	It comes after repeated political calls for closer links between the nations .	prep_postp:before:after	2148
Unconfirmed reports said five monks were killed before the day Wednesday .	Unconfirmed reports said five monks were killed during the day Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:during	2149
Before such a treat , is there room for more ?	After such a treat , is there room for more ?	prep_postp:before:after	2150
Before retirement , parents often move to be near adult children and grandchildren .	After retirement , parents often move to be near adult children and grandchildren .	prep_postp:before:after	2151
He only reported the incident before hearing about Doan 's death .	He only reported the incident after hearing about Doan 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	2152
My son has a " Nightmare Before Christmas " sweater and dino PJs .	My son has a " Nightmare After Christmas " sweater and dino PJs .	prep_postp:before:after	2153
Detectives believe that Mr Barker was stabbed before an attempted robbery .	Detectives believe that Mr Barker was stabbed during an attempted robbery .	prep_postp:before:during	2154
Lindsay Lohan says she was sober before a car crash near Beverly Hills .	Lindsay Lohan says she was sober after a car crash near Beverly Hills .	prep_postp:before:after	2155
Before law school , he initiated an unbroken string of political victories .	After law school , he initiated an unbroken string of political victories .	prep_postp:before:after	2156
My brother was killed before the police crackdown on Thursday 7 June .	My brother was killed during the police crackdown on Thursday 7 June .	prep_postp:before:during	2157
Before the same period , many businesses ramped up spending and investment .	During the same period , many businesses ramped up spending and investment .	prep_postp:before:during	2158
Before that , all pretenses of rationality were blown .	After that , all pretenses of rationality were blown .	prep_postp:before:after	2159
The man sustained head injuries before the incident .	The man sustained head injuries during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	2160
Two impromptu memorials sprang up in Clement Park immediately before the shootings .	Two impromptu memorials sprang up in Clement Park immediately after the shootings .	prep_postp:before:after	2161
Nearly 200 years before her death , Jane Austen is bigger than ever .	Nearly 200 years after her death , Jane Austen is bigger than ever .	prep_postp:before:after	2162
The government lasted for 20 months before the two split .	The government lasted for 20 months after the two split .	prep_postp:before:after	2163
The teams take a day off before Game Two Friday night .	The teams take a day off after Game Two Friday night .	prep_postp:before:after	2164
Sitting in his chair before the break , Djokovic squashed a water bottle .	Sitting in his chair during the break , Djokovic squashed a water bottle .	prep_postp:before:during	2165
The suspect showed a gun before the chase , police said .	The suspect showed a gun during the chase , police said .	prep_postp:before:during	2166
Chrebet was supposed to retire before his ninth season .	Chrebet was supposed to retire after his ninth season .	prep_postp:before:after	2167
Federal immigration officials have said they plan to deport Valiente before his release .	Federal immigration officials have said they plan to deport Valiente after his release .	prep_postp:before:after	2168
A month before that , he proposed .	A month after that , he proposed .	prep_postp:before:after	2169
Mr Sheen appeared before magistrates in Coventry on Monday morning .	Mr Sheen appeared after magistrates in Coventry on Monday morning .	prep_postp:before:after	2170
So the economic adviser would head out to his car before work .	So the economic adviser would head out to his car after work .	prep_postp:before:after	2171
Detectives believe the shooting took place before an argument in the Umbaba .	Detectives believe the shooting took place after an argument in the Umbaba .	prep_postp:before:after	2172
Dialogue was abandoned before Gnassingbe Eyadema 's death in 2005 .	Dialogue was abandoned after Gnassingbe Eyadema 's death in 2005 .	prep_postp:before:after	2173
The following extract picks up the election story on the day before polling .	The following extract picks up the election story on the day after polling .	prep_postp:before:after	2174
Butler and Jamison called the meeting before Friday 's loss to Denver .	Butler and Jamison called the meeting after Friday 's loss to Denver .	prep_postp:before:after	2175
Before a rocky start , Maxjet 's flights have started to fill up .	After a rocky start , Maxjet 's flights have started to fill up .	prep_postp:before:after	2176
" " You do not do Ashtanga before a full moon , Lucy .	" " You do not do Ashtanga during a full moon , Lucy .	prep_postp:before:during	2177
Before elections , they could team up to fight Islamic extremism .	After elections , they could team up to fight Islamic extremism .	prep_postp:before:after	2178
Yesterday 's rainfall came before a period of unusual warmth .	Yesterday 's rainfall came after a period of unusual warmth .	prep_postp:before:after	2179
We are missing the last day at school before the half-term break .	We are missing the last day at school after the half-term break .	prep_postp:before:after	2180
It weighed 23 pounds , 12 ounces and died 11 hours before birth .	It weighed 23 pounds , 12 ounces and died 11 hours after birth .	prep_postp:before:after	2181
He was free for about nine months before his June 2006 arrest .	He was free for about nine months after his June 2006 arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	2182
And it was written long before the indictment .	And it was written long after the indictment .	prep_postp:before:after	2183
Before the meeting , we followed a young man named Yohei Takayama home .	After the meeting , we followed a young man named Yohei Takayama home .	prep_postp:before:after	2184
It resurfaced before college with renewed fury .	It resurfaced after college with renewed fury .	prep_postp:before:after	2185
The inquiry , before Sheriff Lindsay Foulis , continues .	The inquiry , after Sheriff Lindsay Foulis , continues .	prep_postp:before:after	2186
The defendants spoke only to confirm their names before the brief preliminary hearing .	The defendants spoke only to confirm their names during the brief preliminary hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	2187
" I just kind of played solid before that , " he said .	" I just kind of played solid after that , " he said .	prep_postp:before:after	2188
He told officers his wife left their home before an argument on Sunday .	He told officers his wife left their home after an argument on Sunday .	prep_postp:before:after	2189
The hotel and its pool remain open before the renovation .	The hotel and its pool remain open during the renovation .	prep_postp:before:during	2190
I have experienced countless challenges and lessons before all these travels .	I have experienced countless challenges and lessons during all these travels .	prep_postp:before:during	2191
Before the conference , free health screenings were also administered .	During the conference , free health screenings were also administered .	prep_postp:before:during	2192
She said no one was taken into custody immediately before the shooting .	She said no one was taken into custody immediately after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	2193
Before the interview , it was impossible not to look at our surroundings .	During the interview , it was impossible not to look at our surroundings .	prep_postp:before:during	2194
Several years ago , a flight crashed shortly before take-off .	Several years ago , a flight crashed shortly after take-off .	prep_postp:before:after	2195
Before high school , she worked as a receptionist .	After high school , she worked as a receptionist .	prep_postp:before:after	2196
President Bush has only a year before US presidential elections .	President Bush has only a year after US presidential elections .	prep_postp:before:after	2197
The teams traded touchdowns before a 13-second span of the third quarter .	The teams traded touchdowns during a 13-second span of the third quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2198
But before strong public protests , the income tax was repealed .	But after strong public protests , the income tax was repealed .	prep_postp:before:after	2199
Before this test , a round is fired .	During this test , a round is fired .	prep_postp:before:during	2200
Nassirudeen died just days before his birthday on 2 January .	Nassirudeen died just days after his birthday on 2 January .	prep_postp:before:after	2201
I could have gone home rewarded before this .	I could have gone home rewarded after this .	prep_postp:before:after	2202
It records the moments two months ago shortly before the shooting .	It records the moments two months ago shortly after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	2203
Delhomme became Carolina 's long-term starter before humble beginnings .	Delhomme became Carolina 's long-term starter after humble beginnings .	prep_postp:before:after	2204
Legislation to enact the compact in Pennsylvania is currently before the General Assembly .	Legislation to enact the compact in Pennsylvania is currently after the General Assembly .	prep_postp:before:after	2205
He had met Yamashita before a visit to Tokyo the previous month .	He had met Yamashita during a visit to Tokyo the previous month .	prep_postp:before:during	2206
" We 'll work him out " before the game .	" We 'll work him out " after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2207
They Were Only Before Depriving Iran Of All Its Inalienable Rights .	They Were Only After Depriving Iran Of All Its Inalienable Rights .	prep_postp:before:after	2208
They have offered similar guidance to Catholics before every presidential race since 1976 .	They have offered similar guidance to Catholics after every presidential race since 1976 .	prep_postp:before:after	2209
He named them dendritic cells before the Greek word for tree .	He named them dendritic cells after the Greek word for tree .	prep_postp:before:after	2210
Christie 's secured the collection before hot competition with Sotheby 's .	Christie 's secured the collection after hot competition with Sotheby 's .	prep_postp:before:after	2211
Moore had undergone a liver transplant shortly before his retirement .	Moore had undergone a liver transplant shortly after his retirement .	prep_postp:before:after	2212
He would be in my basement before breakfast .	He would be in my basement after breakfast .	prep_postp:before:after	2213
The fraternity chapter was closed before DeVercelly 's death .	The fraternity chapter was closed after DeVercelly 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	2214
Private production royalties are recorded based on actual production before each accounting period .	Private production royalties are recorded based on actual production during each accounting period .	prep_postp:before:during	2215
Keep the positive interaction going before the holidays .	Keep the positive interaction going after the holidays .	prep_postp:before:after	2216
Singer was expected to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge later Tuesday .	Singer was expected to appear after a U.S. magistrate judge later Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	2217
A final decision will come before that .	A final decision will come after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2218
Assemi told WNBC she left Iran and was granted asylum before the 1980s .	Assemi told WNBC she left Iran and was granted asylum during the 1980s .	prep_postp:before:during	2219
Girardi said he planned to call him again before Thanksgiving .	Girardi said he planned to call him again after Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:after	2220
Delphi has been trying to emerge from bankruptcy protection before nearly two years .	Delphi has been trying to emerge from bankruptcy protection after nearly two years .	prep_postp:before:after	2221
The cyclist died in early October before weeks in a coma .	The cyclist died in early October after weeks in a coma .	prep_postp:before:after	2222
Before some initial resistance , he complied , Blumb said .	After some initial resistance , he complied , Blumb said .	prep_postp:before:after	2223
The companies took a more low-profile approach before the discussions , she said .	The companies took a more low-profile approach after the discussions , she said .	prep_postp:before:after	2224
Before the rescue operations , a cave-in killed three rescue workers .	During the rescue operations , a cave-in killed three rescue workers .	prep_postp:before:during	2225
Svetlana Kuznetsova will take on Anna Chakvetadze before each advanced in quarterfinal play .	Svetlana Kuznetsova will take on Anna Chakvetadze after each advanced in quarterfinal play .	prep_postp:before:after	2226
Washington County prosecutors could not be reached for comment before hours Thursday night .	Washington County prosecutors could not be reached for comment after hours Thursday night .	prep_postp:before:after	2227
All had pleaded not guilty before the four-month trial .	All had pleaded not guilty during the four-month trial .	prep_postp:before:during	2228
You never compromised or went out before our sympathy for one moment .	You never compromised or went out after our sympathy for one moment .	prep_postp:before:after	2229
It was frequent enough for me to turn the fan off before bed !	It was frequent enough for me to turn the fan off after bed !	prep_postp:before:after	2230
Singer was scheduled to appear before a magistrate judge in Virginia on Tuesday .	Singer was scheduled to appear after a magistrate judge in Virginia on Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	2231
He had been averaging 3.9 points before Friday .	He had been averaging 3.9 points after Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	2232
Shortly before that , Pederson also signed a new five-year contract .	Shortly after that , Pederson also signed a new five-year contract .	prep_postp:before:after	2233
Those things happen before roller-coaster rides .	Those things happen during roller-coaster rides .	prep_postp:before:during	2234
However , our U.S. dealers ' retail sales have fallen sharply before August .	However , our U.S. dealers ' retail sales have fallen sharply during August .	prep_postp:before:during	2235
Oil comes to storage tanks at the terminal before export .	Oil comes to storage tanks at the terminal after export .	prep_postp:before:after	2236
Two other residents also said they saw a drone before the attack .	Two other residents also said they saw a drone after the attack .	prep_postp:before:after	2237
It was the only case announced before the championships .	It was the only case announced during the championships .	prep_postp:before:during	2238
Babacan spoke before talks with his Kuwaiti counterpart , Sheik Mohammed Al Sabah .	Babacan spoke after talks with his Kuwaiti counterpart , Sheik Mohammed Al Sabah .	prep_postp:before:after	2239
Before a doctor 's visit , Welch discovered that his weight had skyrocketed .	During a doctor 's visit , Welch discovered that his weight had skyrocketed .	prep_postp:before:during	2240
Michelle Wie was last in the 20-player field before a 79 .	Michelle Wie was last in the 20-player field after a 79 .	prep_postp:before:after	2241
Have you worked on other games before Sega Rally ?	Have you worked on other games after Sega Rally ?	prep_postp:before:after	2242
We encountered these charming animals before a sailing holiday around the Galapagos .	We encountered these charming animals during a sailing holiday around the Galapagos .	prep_postp:before:during	2243
Morales has reveled in several public appearances before his New York trip .	Morales has reveled in several public appearances during his New York trip .	prep_postp:before:during	2244
He does much of the work himself before the off-season .	He does much of the work himself during the off-season .	prep_postp:before:during	2245
Neil was found before an unusual public appeal by Interpol .	Neil was found after an unusual public appeal by Interpol .	prep_postp:before:after	2246
Before supper that evening , she sought out her mother .	After supper that evening , she sought out her mother .	prep_postp:before:after	2247
Top 10 TV Icons I did this before every bite .	Top 10 TV Icons I did this after every bite .	prep_postp:before:after	2248
Ships passing through the harbor may need to drop anchor before emergency .	Ships passing through the harbor may need to drop anchor during emergency .	prep_postp:before:during	2249
Before playback , the wheel is a rewind / fast-forward shuttle control .	During playback , the wheel is a rewind / fast-forward shuttle control .	prep_postp:before:during	2250
The Giants looked to add to the lead just before halftime .	The Giants looked to add to the lead just after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	2251
Delgado said he hoped to return before the playoffs .	Delgado said he hoped to return after the playoffs .	prep_postp:before:after	2252
Before the tsunami , there was a lot of toleration of coral poaching .	After the tsunami , there was a lot of toleration of coral poaching .	prep_postp:before:after	2253
He rarely speaks at practice or before games .	He rarely speaks at practice or during games .	prep_postp:before:during	2254
The Celtics acquired both Garnett and Allen in trades before the summer .	The Celtics acquired both Garnett and Allen in trades during the summer .	prep_postp:before:during	2255
Before World War II , Mr. Cohn was in the Intelligence Corps .	During World War II , Mr. Cohn was in the Intelligence Corps .	prep_postp:before:during	2256
The lawyer feels brushed aside before more than two decades of dedication .	The lawyer feels brushed aside after more than two decades of dedication .	prep_postp:before:after	2257
But before that , they knew it was over .	But after that , they knew it was over .	prep_postp:before:after	2258
Last week Gazprom said Ukraine had ensured payment before Nov. 1 .	Last week Gazprom said Ukraine had ensured payment after Nov. 1 .	prep_postp:before:after	2259
These sides have never met before in European competition .	These sides have never met after in European competition .	prep_postp:before:after	2260
There has been criticism of the way police handled arrests before the investigation .	There has been criticism of the way police handled arrests during the investigation .	prep_postp:before:during	2261
No suspects were detained before the operation .	No suspects were detained during the operation .	prep_postp:before:during	2262
Arnott opened the scoring 10 : 09 in before a 5-on-3 power play .	Arnott opened the scoring 10 : 09 in during a 5-on-3 power play .	prep_postp:before:during	2263
continue to be victimised as never before in Iraq 's history .	continue to be victimised as never after in Iraq 's history .	prep_postp:before:after	2264
Barca went 2-0 ahead just before the break .	Barca went 2-0 ahead just after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	2265
Before that , he would spent 35 years with the fire department .	After that , he would spent 35 years with the fire department .	prep_postp:before:after	2266
But they also include apologies for mistreating monks before a demonstration .	But they also include apologies for mistreating monks during a demonstration .	prep_postp:before:during	2267
Regardless , Mr. Toyoda ribbed Ford before his speech .	Regardless , Mr. Toyoda ribbed Ford during his speech .	prep_postp:before:during	2268
Peterson was having a hard time even before the injury .	Peterson was having a hard time even after the injury .	prep_postp:before:after	2269
Limited one-on-one interviews may be scheduled with key executives before the event .	Limited one-on-one interviews may be scheduled with key executives during the event .	prep_postp:before:during	2270
Forbes suspended publication of the bimonthly magazine before the April issue .	Forbes suspended publication of the bimonthly magazine after the April issue .	prep_postp:before:after	2271
On many routes you can reserve the units online before a flight .	On many routes you can reserve the units online after a flight .	prep_postp:before:after	2272
People generally worry about money and sex before health .	People generally worry about money and sex after health .	prep_postp:before:after	2273
There has been testimony before Congress about this matter .	There has been testimony after Congress about this matter .	prep_postp:before:after	2274
Airlines began resuming flights before the raid .	Airlines began resuming flights after the raid .	prep_postp:before:after	2275
If United Utilities reaches 765p before November , I will be a seller .	If United Utilities reaches 765p during November , I will be a seller .	prep_postp:before:during	2276
It is almost like the storm before the calm .	It is almost like the storm after the calm .	prep_postp:before:after	2277
He is eligible to file for free agency before the World Series .	He is eligible to file for free agency after the World Series .	prep_postp:before:after	2278
The only thing that counts is making one good pitch before another .	The only thing that counts is making one good pitch after another .	prep_postp:before:after	2279
And before the news conference , Johnson called on questioners by name .	And during the news conference , Johnson called on questioners by name .	prep_postp:before:during	2280
Before the meeting , they reviewed the latest developments in Lebanon .	During the meeting , they reviewed the latest developments in Lebanon .	prep_postp:before:during	2281
Avalanche coach Joel Quenneville was 0-6-3 in season openers before the win .	Avalanche coach Joel Quenneville was 0-6-3 in season openers after the win .	prep_postp:before:after	2282
Winters will not work before the postseason , a baseball official said .	Winters will not work during the postseason , a baseball official said .	prep_postp:before:during	2283
Before Congress , she served four years in the Virginia House of Delegates .	After Congress , she served four years in the Virginia House of Delegates .	prep_postp:before:after	2284
Before this revamp , however , it will be utterly transformed .	After this revamp , however , it will be utterly transformed .	prep_postp:before:after	2285
Weller refused to take reporters ' questions before his speech .	Weller refused to take reporters ' questions after his speech .	prep_postp:before:after	2286
She disappearing before a hunting trip with her husband , said a spokesman .	She disappearing during a hunting trip with her husband , said a spokesman .	prep_postp:before:during	2287
Two characters are quarantined before the SARS epidemic .	Two characters are quarantined during the SARS epidemic .	prep_postp:before:during	2288
Police have said the calls stopped before Stewart 's arrest .	Police have said the calls stopped after Stewart 's arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	2289
Michele said with a smile before a mere 40-odd minutes onstage .	Michele said with a smile after a mere 40-odd minutes onstage .	prep_postp:before:after	2290
Before follow-up , 187 people developed type 2 diabetes .	During follow-up , 187 people developed type 2 diabetes .	prep_postp:before:during	2291
However , he remained in a critical condition before surgery .	However , he remained in a critical condition after surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	2292
Teammate Todd Helton also hit one before a four-game sweep of the Dodgers .	Teammate Todd Helton also hit one during a four-game sweep of the Dodgers .	prep_postp:before:during	2293
Before Khaled 's speech in Virginia , an Islamic hip-hop band performed .	After Khaled 's speech in Virginia , an Islamic hip-hop band performed .	prep_postp:before:after	2294
Your own mesenchymal cells are damaged before a bone marrow transplant .	Your own mesenchymal cells are damaged during a bone marrow transplant .	prep_postp:before:during	2295
Before World War II , Rolls made its own square-head nuts and bolts .	After World War II , Rolls made its own square-head nuts and bolts .	prep_postp:before:after	2296
But ultimately , shooting comes before thinking .	But ultimately , shooting comes after thinking .	prep_postp:before:after	2297
So far , there has been no violence before the student rallies .	So far , there has been no violence during the student rallies .	prep_postp:before:during	2298
When she stood before the court , it was clear she was nervous .	When she stood after the court , it was clear she was nervous .	prep_postp:before:after	2299
Before an incompletion , he hit Royal in stride deep in Virginia territory .	After an incompletion , he hit Royal in stride deep in Virginia territory .	prep_postp:before:after	2300
It was not known what happened to them before their arrests .	It was not known what happened to them after their arrests .	prep_postp:before:after	2301
The full force is not expected to be on the ground before mid-2008 .	The full force is not expected to be on the ground after mid-2008 .	prep_postp:before:after	2302
Considering the lower trading revenue before the period , analysts remained cautious .	Considering the lower trading revenue during the period , analysts remained cautious .	prep_postp:before:during	2303
No one stayed on before the death .	No one stayed on after the death .	prep_postp:before:after	2304
The announcements were made before a meeting with analysts and investors on Monday .	The announcements were made during a meeting with analysts and investors on Monday .	prep_postp:before:during	2305
Craig Stebic filed the petition a day before Plainfield , Ill .	Craig Stebic filed the petition a day after Plainfield , Ill .	prep_postp:before:after	2306
In May , Cardinals reliever Josh Hancock died before a drunken-driving accident .	In May , Cardinals reliever Josh Hancock died after a drunken-driving accident .	prep_postp:before:after	2307
Marcel Marceau performs before a presentation in Colombia in September 2005 .	Marcel Marceau performs during a presentation in Colombia in September 2005 .	prep_postp:before:during	2308
Season-ticket holders were allowed to buy tickets before the weekend .	Season-ticket holders were allowed to buy tickets during the weekend .	prep_postp:before:during	2309
The Napoli 's hull was cracked before a storm on January 18 .	The Napoli 's hull was cracked during a storm on January 18 .	prep_postp:before:during	2310
You saw some of that before Thomas ' confirmation hearing .	You saw some of that during Thomas ' confirmation hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	2311
Before the jump , check out a graphic with our findings .	After the jump , check out a graphic with our findings .	prep_postp:before:after	2312
There were 10 four-goal games in franchise history before that .	There were 10 four-goal games in franchise history after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2313
The grape was widely planted in Bordeaux before phylloxera .	The grape was widely planted in Bordeaux after phylloxera .	prep_postp:before:after	2314
In truth , Coughlin should have been fired before last season .	In truth , Coughlin should have been fired after last season .	prep_postp:before:after	2315
No. 10 California moved up two spots before a 45-31 victory over Tennessee .	No. 10 California moved up two spots after a 45-31 victory over Tennessee .	prep_postp:before:after	2316
Before the procedure , Dr. Parazynski said he saw no sparks .	During the procedure , Dr. Parazynski said he saw no sparks .	prep_postp:before:during	2317
People then filed out before a long evening .	People then filed out after a long evening .	prep_postp:before:after	2318
Media reports said the raids came before months of work by anti-terror police .	Media reports said the raids came after months of work by anti-terror police .	prep_postp:before:after	2319
The teams were tied at 44 before regulation .	The teams were tied at 44 after regulation .	prep_postp:before:after	2320
Kaguya was launched in mid-September before a long delay .	Kaguya was launched in mid-September after a long delay .	prep_postp:before:after	2321
She uttered President Bush 's name 25 times before the debate .	She uttered President Bush 's name 25 times during the debate .	prep_postp:before:during	2322
The woman is expected to appear before a magistrate on Monday .	The woman is expected to appear after a magistrate on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	2323
The line has been plagued by a series of landslips before heavy rain .	The line has been plagued by a series of landslips during heavy rain .	prep_postp:before:during	2324
At least 21 candidates have been killed before the run-up to the elections .	At least 21 candidates have been killed during the run-up to the elections .	prep_postp:before:during	2325
Pichushkin recused another of his lawyers , Roman Shirkin , before the hearing .	Pichushkin recused another of his lawyers , Roman Shirkin , during the hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	2326
McFadden , a junior , could decide to go pro before this season .	McFadden , a junior , could decide to go pro after this season .	prep_postp:before:after	2327
In South Korea , major corruption scandals tend to erupt before election years .	In South Korea , major corruption scandals tend to erupt during election years .	prep_postp:before:during	2328
It was also rigged to turn on automatically before a power outage .	It was also rigged to turn on automatically during a power outage .	prep_postp:before:during	2329
Seven favorite children 's books are available for consumers before the promotion .	Seven favorite children 's books are available for consumers during the promotion .	prep_postp:before:during	2330
Settlement of the transaction is expected to occur before the fourth quarter .	Settlement of the transaction is expected to occur during the fourth quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2331
9 a.m. - Before a hedonistic night , culture is due .	9 a.m. - After a hedonistic night , culture is due .	prep_postp:before:after	2332
He was stabbed and slashed before the assault .	He was stabbed and slashed during the assault .	prep_postp:before:during	2333
Mr. Rattner said before a tour of his facility .	Mr. Rattner said during a tour of his facility .	prep_postp:before:during	2334
But before just a year , even she has noticed a change .	But after just a year , even she has noticed a change .	prep_postp:before:after	2335
Baltimore has been outscored 196-96 before that span .	Baltimore has been outscored 196-96 during that span .	prep_postp:before:during	2336
Children online are at the greatest risk before the evening hours .	Children online are at the greatest risk during the evening hours .	prep_postp:before:during	2337
I might even try to get through 17 pints before the day .	I might even try to get through 17 pints during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	2338
The mezzo- Both men are due before Stevenage Magistrates ' Court .	The mezzo- Both men are due after Stevenage Magistrates ' Court .	prep_postp:before:after	2339
Before that , the thief is on his own .	After that , the thief is on his own .	prep_postp:before:after	2340
The couple were produced before a magistrate in Jalpaiguri on Monday .	The couple were produced after a magistrate in Jalpaiguri on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	2341
Before a teleconference yesterday , Burnham took exception .	During a teleconference yesterday , Burnham took exception .	prep_postp:before:during	2342
, said angrily before hearing from the two men .	, said angrily after hearing from the two men .	prep_postp:before:after	2343
The USDA was supposed to issue such guidance before the ConAgra recall .	The USDA was supposed to issue such guidance after the ConAgra recall .	prep_postp:before:after	2344
C-Chip reported a profit of $ 56,000 before fiscal year 2007 .	C-Chip reported a profit of $ 56,000 during fiscal year 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	2345
Before the hurricane , matters grew worse .	After the hurricane , matters grew worse .	prep_postp:before:after	2346
The presentation will remain available for approximately 90 days before the conference .	The presentation will remain available for approximately 90 days after the conference .	prep_postp:before:after	2347
Chris proposed when he pretended to sprain his ankle before their daily jog .	Chris proposed when he pretended to sprain his ankle during their daily jog .	prep_postp:before:during	2348
The scores are wiped clean before the second and third rounds .	The scores are wiped clean after the second and third rounds .	prep_postp:before:after	2349
The Ducks fell three spots before a tough 31-24 loss to Cal .	The Ducks fell three spots after a tough 31-24 loss to Cal .	prep_postp:before:after	2350
Before the operation , a firefight occurred .	During the operation , a firefight occurred .	prep_postp:before:during	2351
Bookings for dissent have been rare before Collins ' reign .	Bookings for dissent have been rare during Collins ' reign .	prep_postp:before:during	2352
Both products are anticipated to be approved for sale in China before mid-2008 .	Both products are anticipated to be approved for sale in China during mid-2008 .	prep_postp:before:during	2353
Before the 1960s , Kerr focused on theatre and television roles .	After the 1960s , Kerr focused on theatre and television roles .	prep_postp:before:after	2354
All of the children lost weight before the initial treatment phase .	All of the children lost weight during the initial treatment phase .	prep_postp:before:during	2355
Bongiorni decided to boycott Chinese products before the onslaught of safety issues .	Bongiorni decided to boycott Chinese products after the onslaught of safety issues .	prep_postp:before:after	2356
Many employees have continued to work from home before this time .	Many employees have continued to work from home during this time .	prep_postp:before:during	2357
But before that , it is all downhill .	But after that , it is all downhill .	prep_postp:before:after	2358
They need to be slaughtered a week before Christmas at the latest .	They need to be slaughtered a week after Christmas at the latest .	prep_postp:before:after	2359
GET IT HERE Don 't bring the kids before dark .	GET IT HERE Don 't bring the kids after dark .	prep_postp:before:after	2360
A man suffered severe burns before a bonfire .	A man suffered severe burns during a bonfire .	prep_postp:before:during	2361
Belichick 's statement was released about 10 minutes before his daily news conference .	Belichick 's statement was released about 10 minutes after his daily news conference .	prep_postp:before:after	2362
, rapid growth led to more overbuilding before the boom .	, rapid growth led to more overbuilding during the boom .	prep_postp:before:during	2363
Another 17-year-old male was taken into custody shortly before the attack .	Another 17-year-old male was taken into custody shortly after the attack .	prep_postp:before:after	2364
-- was more than all the capital raised via IPO before the quarter .	-- was more than all the capital raised via IPO during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2365
He was re-elected before a hard-fought , high-spending campaign .	He was re-elected after a hard-fought , high-spending campaign .	prep_postp:before:after	2366
Try saying that with conviction before a visit to the local animal pound .	Try saying that with conviction after a visit to the local animal pound .	prep_postp:before:after	2367
Before the attack , a large brawl broke out .	After the attack , a large brawl broke out .	prep_postp:before:after	2368
Events become artificially magnified before 10-year , 25-year , 50-year demarcations .	Events become artificially magnified during 10-year , 25-year , 50-year demarcations .	prep_postp:before:during	2369
What happens before that , nobody knows .	What happens after that , nobody knows .	prep_postp:before:after	2370
They were scheduled to testify this afternoon before the Senate Armed Services Committee .	They were scheduled to testify this afternoon after the Senate Armed Services Committee .	prep_postp:before:after	2371
She plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalah devotees before her stay .	She plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalah devotees during her stay .	prep_postp:before:during	2372
Members of viable groups are also free to join other groups before realignment .	Members of viable groups are also free to join other groups during realignment .	prep_postp:before:during	2373
Kraft will provide transition services for up to 18 months before closing .	Kraft will provide transition services for up to 18 months after closing .	prep_postp:before:after	2374
Los Angeles vs Columbus , 5 p.m. Ochoa had three bogeys before that .	Los Angeles vs Columbus , 5 p.m. Ochoa had three bogeys after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2375
Southbound lanes reopened about two hours before the crash .	Southbound lanes reopened about two hours after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	2376
Hardware revenue provided 13 % of total revenues before both periods .	Hardware revenue provided 13 % of total revenues during both periods .	prep_postp:before:during	2377
Ford said it cut 6,800 jobs in North America before the quarter .	Ford said it cut 6,800 jobs in North America during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2378
" A couple balls slipped , " Chamberlain told reporters before the game .	" A couple balls slipped , " Chamberlain told reporters after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2379
Fans were allowed inside the stadium two hours before kickoff .	Fans were allowed inside the stadium two hours after kickoff .	prep_postp:before:after	2380
Beheaded The suspects were to be brought before a judge later Wednesday .	Beheaded The suspects were to be brought after a judge later Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	2381
Billups thanked the fans from center court before the game .	Billups thanked the fans from center court after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2382
GLONASS satellite launches had been put on hold before September 's rocket failure .	GLONASS satellite launches had been put on hold after September 's rocket failure .	prep_postp:before:after	2383
Hospital administrators said the confidentiality breach was discovered before a routine audit .	Hospital administrators said the confidentiality breach was discovered after a routine audit .	prep_postp:before:after	2384
Then the children broke a star-shaped piata and scrambled before the candy .	Then the children broke a star-shaped piata and scrambled after the candy .	prep_postp:before:after	2385
The rest of the money will follow before his death .	The rest of the money will follow after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	2386
It is named Kimchi , before the spicy Korean relish .	It is named Kimchi , after the spicy Korean relish .	prep_postp:before:after	2387
SEPTEMBER turned drier before the wet summer , the Met Office said yesterday .	SEPTEMBER turned drier after the wet summer , the Met Office said yesterday .	prep_postp:before:after	2388
Boeing Co. reported fewer orders in August before a big surge in July .	Boeing Co. reported fewer orders in August after a big surge in July .	prep_postp:before:after	2389
Fisk said Bush better understood the Canadian " dynamic " before the meeting .	Fisk said Bush better understood the Canadian " dynamic " after the meeting .	prep_postp:before:after	2390
Quarterback J.P. Losman said it was difficult to concentrate before practice .	Quarterback J.P. Losman said it was difficult to concentrate during practice .	prep_postp:before:during	2391
Springs said the family does not know what went wrong before the procedure .	Springs said the family does not know what went wrong during the procedure .	prep_postp:before:during	2392
Shares slumped more than 20 % before the double blow to investors .	Shares slumped more than 20 % after the double blow to investors .	prep_postp:before:after	2393
Before now , little was known of environmental changes prior to the GOE .	After now , little was known of environmental changes prior to the GOE .	prep_postp:before:after	2394
Conventional tests will require the patient to return for results before several days .	Conventional tests will require the patient to return for results after several days .	prep_postp:before:after	2395
Tuesday 's blasts come before a period of intense political turmoil in Pakistan .	Tuesday 's blasts come during a period of intense political turmoil in Pakistan .	prep_postp:before:during	2396
Few criminals bother to take to the streets before dawn .	Few criminals bother to take to the streets after dawn .	prep_postp:before:after	2397
Before a 4-0 start , Clemson was averaging 38 points a game .	During a 4-0 start , Clemson was averaging 38 points a game .	prep_postp:before:during	2398
The black-market trade started shortly before the iPhone 's June 29 U.S. launch .	The black-market trade started shortly after the iPhone 's June 29 U.S. launch .	prep_postp:before:after	2399
They instead laud Giuliani for his leadership and resolve before the crisis .	They instead laud Giuliani for his leadership and resolve during the crisis .	prep_postp:before:during	2400
 The first 100 days are rescheduled to take place before the election .	 The first 100 days are rescheduled to take place after the election .	prep_postp:before:after	2401
The judge overseeing the case backed that interpretation of the law before trial .	The judge overseeing the case backed that interpretation of the law after trial .	prep_postp:before:after	2402
I reckon there will be hard times before the election .	I reckon there will be hard times after the election .	prep_postp:before:after	2403
He diligently did his homework before signing with Colorado last December .	He diligently did his homework after signing with Colorado last December .	prep_postp:before:after	2404
Ms. Roehm left Wal-Mart in December 2006 before less than a year there .	Ms. Roehm left Wal-Mart in December 2006 after less than a year there .	prep_postp:before:after	2405
" There is no curse , " Piniella said before Tuesday 's game .	" There is no curse , " Piniella said after Tuesday 's game .	prep_postp:before:after	2406
I would rather have been telling him those things before an accident .	I would rather have been telling him those things after an accident .	prep_postp:before:after	2407
It was before the hostage crisis .	It was during the hostage crisis .	prep_postp:before:during	2408
Ms. Larrabee said negotiations over the building would continue before Labor Day .	Ms. Larrabee said negotiations over the building would continue after Labor Day .	prep_postp:before:after	2409
A house in Marion County collapsed before the storm .	A house in Marion County collapsed during the storm .	prep_postp:before:during	2410
The 3 billion-mile trip began with a liftoff a little before sunrise .	The 3 billion-mile trip began with a liftoff a little after sunrise .	prep_postp:before:after	2411
Company E was the only all-Chicano unit before World War II .	Company E was the only all-Chicano unit during World War II .	prep_postp:before:during	2412
They never trailed before that .	They never trailed after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2413
Campbell said before practice at Redskins Park yesterday .	Campbell said after practice at Redskins Park yesterday .	prep_postp:before:after	2414
The houses were of a higher quality than those built before the war .	The houses were of a higher quality than those built after the war .	prep_postp:before:after	2415
Conflict flared before the 1991 ouster of dictator Mohamed Siad Barre .	Conflict flared after the 1991 ouster of dictator Mohamed Siad Barre .	prep_postp:before:after	2416
Louisville and Wisconsin fell out of the poll before losses .	Louisville and Wisconsin fell out of the poll after losses .	prep_postp:before:after	2417
Phil O 'Donnell pictured before his spell with English club Sheffield Wednesday .	Phil O 'Donnell pictured during his spell with English club Sheffield Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:during	2418
His body was cremated before his death .	His body was cremated after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	2419
( 2 ) Operating profit equals earnings before interest and income taxes .	( 2 ) Operating profit equals earnings after interest and income taxes .	prep_postp:before:after	2420
Visits to the site from Pakistan rose more than fivefold before the emergency .	Visits to the site from Pakistan rose more than fivefold after the emergency .	prep_postp:before:after	2421
Sierra Nevada Gold terminated their program at La Republica before this drillhole .	Sierra Nevada Gold terminated their program at La Republica after this drillhole .	prep_postp:before:after	2422
It was over as a contest well before half-time .	It was over as a contest well after half-time .	prep_postp:before:after	2423
Their films control the box office before the summer .	Their films control the box office during the summer .	prep_postp:before:during	2424
Curry received medical clearance yesterday before meeting with the team orthopedist .	Curry received medical clearance yesterday after meeting with the team orthopedist .	prep_postp:before:after	2425
The Steelers would bounce back before last year 's disappointing 8-8 finish .	The Steelers would bounce back after last year 's disappointing 8-8 finish .	prep_postp:before:after	2426
Let them light up for a bit before the warm summer weeks .	Let them light up for a bit during the warm summer weeks .	prep_postp:before:during	2427
Before the week , Amy Wittkamper lives the life of a suburban mom .	During the week , Amy Wittkamper lives the life of a suburban mom .	prep_postp:before:during	2428
Hornby retired from the board in July 1990 before more than 14 years .	Hornby retired from the board in July 1990 after more than 14 years .	prep_postp:before:after	2429
Before heated debate between neoclassical and modernist architects , PPG7 was revised .	After heated debate between neoclassical and modernist architects , PPG7 was revised .	prep_postp:before:after	2430
He is day to day before hernia surgery .	He is day to day after hernia surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	2431
Spears did not comment before the hearing .	Spears did not comment after the hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	2432
Or ride an hour before breakfast ?	Or ride an hour after breakfast ?	prep_postp:before:after	2433
Before that , the trail goes cold .	After that , the trail goes cold .	prep_postp:before:after	2434
Bueti had begun dating again before her husband 's death .	Bueti had begun dating again after her husband 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	2435
We gave away a bad first goal and it was tough before that .	We gave away a bad first goal and it was tough after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2436
Many travelers would swear that they get sick before every trip or vacation .	Many travelers would swear that they get sick after every trip or vacation .	prep_postp:before:after	2437
The information was provided to authorities three days before the shooting .	The information was provided to authorities three days after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	2438
South Africa were all out for 383 shortly before lunch .	South Africa were all out for 383 shortly after lunch .	prep_postp:before:after	2439
Big late-session moves became common on Wall Street before the summer .	Big late-session moves became common on Wall Street during the summer .	prep_postp:before:during	2440
Q I want to return to cycling before 20-odd years .	Q I want to return to cycling after 20-odd years .	prep_postp:before:after	2441
Her husband divorced her before the first rape , saying she was diseased .	Her husband divorced her after the first rape , saying she was diseased .	prep_postp:before:after	2442
Fahey was the sole candidate before the withdrawal of Frenchman Lamour .	Fahey was the sole candidate after the withdrawal of Frenchman Lamour .	prep_postp:before:after	2443
Felipe Contepomi gingerly walks off before a clash of heads with Charvis .	Felipe Contepomi gingerly walks off after a clash of heads with Charvis .	prep_postp:before:after	2444
They do care if Papelbon kicks up his heels before a save .	They do care if Papelbon kicks up his heels after a save .	prep_postp:before:after	2445
He lost before a two-month trial .	He lost after a two-month trial .	prep_postp:before:after	2446
Arctic ice extent was measured only before expeditions .	Arctic ice extent was measured only during expeditions .	prep_postp:before:during	2447
Before that time , at least 75,000 individuals have received disaster aid .	During that time , at least 75,000 individuals have received disaster aid .	prep_postp:before:during	2448
One should never do anything one cannot talk about before dinner .	One should never do anything one cannot talk about after dinner .	prep_postp:before:after	2449
Glavin , associate commissioner for regulatory affairs , said before a House hearing .	Glavin , associate commissioner for regulatory affairs , said during a House hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	2450
He is due to appear before Hertford Magistrates ' Court on 14 November .	He is due to appear after Hertford Magistrates ' Court on 14 November .	prep_postp:before:after	2451
The Accident Occurred Shortly Before Takeoff .	The Accident Occurred Shortly After Takeoff .	prep_postp:before:after	2452
Before this visit , Iowans did not seem ready to commit .	During this visit , Iowans did not seem ready to commit .	prep_postp:before:during	2453
Olmert also appeared to scale back hopes for broad agreement before the conference .	Olmert also appeared to scale back hopes for broad agreement after the conference .	prep_postp:before:after	2454
Sony recalled millions of laptop batteries before reports of fires .	Sony recalled millions of laptop batteries after reports of fires .	prep_postp:before:after	2455
The experiment will start Wednesday and run through the Sunday before Thanksgiving .	The experiment will start Wednesday and run through the Sunday after Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:after	2456
She returned to Pakistan on Thursday before a self-imposed , eight-year exile .	She returned to Pakistan on Thursday after a self-imposed , eight-year exile .	prep_postp:before:after	2457
Almost went back in the seminary before college .	Almost went back in the seminary during college .	prep_postp:before:during	2458
Shares of most of the developers have climbed even higher before listing .	Shares of most of the developers have climbed even higher after listing .	prep_postp:before:after	2459
Hosts Taiwan face Italy in their first game Tuesday before the opening ceremony .	Hosts Taiwan face Italy in their first game Tuesday after the opening ceremony .	prep_postp:before:after	2460
Exxon shares fell about 2 percent before the bell on Thursday .	Exxon shares fell about 2 percent after the bell on Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	2461
Before Lugo 's sacrifice bunt , Pedroia was up .	After Lugo 's sacrifice bunt , Pedroia was up .	prep_postp:before:after	2462
We are completely agnostic about what people do before their two years .	We are completely agnostic about what people do after their two years .	prep_postp:before:after	2463
What conspiracy theories will be brought before the court ?	What conspiracy theories will be brought after the court ?	prep_postp:before:after	2464
But before the mission , the mature Romney came into focus .	But during the mission , the mature Romney came into focus .	prep_postp:before:during	2465
Stay before that one foot .	Stay after that one foot .	prep_postp:before:after	2466
He did not play professional hockey before the Olympics .	He did not play professional hockey after the Olympics .	prep_postp:before:after	2467
But before protests , the meeting was moved to Mr. Shultz 's home .	But after protests , the meeting was moved to Mr. Shultz 's home .	prep_postp:before:after	2468
Capote was Lee 's next-door neighbor before her childhood in Monroeville , Ala .	Capote was Lee 's next-door neighbor during her childhood in Monroeville , Ala .	prep_postp:before:during	2469
Lucky did not play before the third quarter .	Lucky did not play after the third quarter .	prep_postp:before:after	2470
This is four times as many tourists as visited before December 2005 .	This is four times as many tourists as visited during December 2005 .	prep_postp:before:during	2471
Other sectors suffered big hits before the session , including airlines and automakers .	Other sectors suffered big hits during the session , including airlines and automakers .	prep_postp:before:during	2472
But hurry - all surgery must be completed before the end of January .	But hurry - all surgery must be completed after the end of January .	prep_postp:before:after	2473
Venus and Voyager will launch before the end of November .	Venus and Voyager will launch after the end of November .	prep_postp:before:after	2474
Before that brief conversation with his wife , Powers arrived at Balad Hospital .	After that brief conversation with his wife , Powers arrived at Balad Hospital .	prep_postp:before:after	2475
We have had ultimatums before the season , early in the season .	We have had ultimatums during the season , early in the season .	prep_postp:before:during	2476
The U.S. House of Representatives passed its version before the summer .	The U.S. House of Representatives passed its version during the summer .	prep_postp:before:during	2477
Quarry will be one of four speakers before Glasgow 's half-hour presentation today .	Quarry will be one of four speakers during Glasgow 's half-hour presentation today .	prep_postp:before:during	2478
Parliament resumed session Tuesday before an August recess .	Parliament resumed session Tuesday after an August recess .	prep_postp:before:after	2479
It has deepened even before the past few years .	It has deepened even during the past few years .	prep_postp:before:during	2480
Barger supports the idea of flight caps at JFK before peak times .	Barger supports the idea of flight caps at JFK during peak times .	prep_postp:before:during	2481
Georgian-Russian relations have deteriorated before Mr Saakashvili 's presidency .	Georgian-Russian relations have deteriorated during Mr Saakashvili 's presidency .	prep_postp:before:during	2482
Jensen disappeared before the slaying of Neverdusky , who had three children .	Jensen disappeared after the slaying of Neverdusky , who had three children .	prep_postp:before:after	2483
Bill Clinton made the comparison Monday before a speech in Las Vegas .	Bill Clinton made the comparison Monday during a speech in Las Vegas .	prep_postp:before:during	2484
Thus , the process cannot be completed before Jan. 1 , 2008 .	Thus , the process cannot be completed after Jan. 1 , 2008 .	prep_postp:before:after	2485
Workers at several big Chrysler locals voted against the contract before the weekend .	Workers at several big Chrysler locals voted against the contract during the weekend .	prep_postp:before:during	2486
Vilma and his teammates could not work any harder before the week .	Vilma and his teammates could not work any harder during the week .	prep_postp:before:during	2487
Before marriage , she lived at home .	After marriage , she lived at home .	prep_postp:before:after	2488
Manning and the Giants steadied themselves just before halftime .	Manning and the Giants steadied themselves just after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	2489
I do not think a wife covers her breasts with bedsheets before sex .	I do not think a wife covers her breasts with bedsheets after sex .	prep_postp:before:after	2490
The funeral will not take place before next week .	The funeral will not take place after next week .	prep_postp:before:after	2491
" You 're going before your consumer base , " he said .	" You 're going after your consumer base , " he said .	prep_postp:before:after	2492
Adm. Allen said such reviews normally wait until before cleanup operations .	Adm. Allen said such reviews normally wait until after cleanup operations .	prep_postp:before:after	2493
Before the third quarter , the company continued its share repurchase program .	During the third quarter , the company continued its share repurchase program .	prep_postp:before:during	2494
Chavez said the would meet with Uribe before his talks with Reyes .	Chavez said the would meet with Uribe after his talks with Reyes .	prep_postp:before:after	2495
PUBLICANS were yesterday accused of hiking prices before big matches .	PUBLICANS were yesterday accused of hiking prices during big matches .	prep_postp:before:during	2496
It is a team that knew how to rebuild before that defeat .	It is a team that knew how to rebuild after that defeat .	prep_postp:before:after	2497
Tokyo , especially before dark , is notoriously hard to penetrate .	Tokyo , especially after dark , is notoriously hard to penetrate .	prep_postp:before:after	2498
There was no production from GSR2 before the fiscal 2007 first quarter .	There was no production from GSR2 during the fiscal 2007 first quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2499
Duke opens school before makeover Certainly not Kate Hanni .	Duke opens school after makeover Certainly not Kate Hanni .	prep_postp:before:after	2500
The non-explosive device fell some time before a 90-minute journey across the country .	The non-explosive device fell some time during a 90-minute journey across the country .	prep_postp:before:during	2501
Witnesses said Griffin ignored warning lights and a barrier before the crash .	Witnesses said Griffin ignored warning lights and a barrier after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	2502
Cargo specialist and crane operating sounded really good before that .	Cargo specialist and crane operating sounded really good after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2503
The talks were scheduled before Larijani 's announcement .	The talks were scheduled after Larijani 's announcement .	prep_postp:before:after	2504
He fled to the then-Communist Afghanistan before his father 's fall .	He fled to the then-Communist Afghanistan after his father 's fall .	prep_postp:before:after	2505
He died at Warrington Hospital two days before the attack on 12 August .	He died at Warrington Hospital two days after the attack on 12 August .	prep_postp:before:after	2506
Before graduating from Harvard , Ajemian took a roundabout route to the priesthood .	After graduating from Harvard , Ajemian took a roundabout route to the priesthood .	prep_postp:before:after	2507
What should we know about this before buying ?	What should we know about this after buying ?	prep_postp:before:after	2508
They were kept in small groups in different locations before their ordeal .	They were kept in small groups in different locations during their ordeal .	prep_postp:before:during	2509
The change comes less than a month before a once-every-five-years Communist Party congress .	The change comes less than a month after a once-every-five-years Communist Party congress .	prep_postp:before:after	2510
Many students make money for themselves by working before holiday periods and vacations .	Many students make money for themselves by working during holiday periods and vacations .	prep_postp:before:during	2511
And get before their quarterback .	And get after their quarterback .	prep_postp:before:after	2512
The best movies about Vietnam have come out before Vietnam .	The best movies about Vietnam have come out after Vietnam .	prep_postp:before:after	2513
Before that , natural bidding led to four spades .	After that , natural bidding led to four spades .	prep_postp:before:after	2514
-- China Digital TV shipped 1.9 million smart cards before the quarter .	-- China Digital TV shipped 1.9 million smart cards during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2515
Handheld mobile phones were introduced in Sweden before the late 1980s .	Handheld mobile phones were introduced in Sweden during the late 1980s .	prep_postp:before:during	2516
He started 104 consecutive games before that .	He started 104 consecutive games after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2517
They sure had fun before Carriker 's home run .	They sure had fun after Carriker 's home run .	prep_postp:before:after	2518
Before a struggle , Perry fell and injured her nose .	During a struggle , Perry fell and injured her nose .	prep_postp:before:during	2519
Even before the match , crowds were brimming with confidence .	Even after the match , crowds were brimming with confidence .	prep_postp:before:after	2520
Both will appear before City of Westminster magistrates in London .	Both will appear after City of Westminster magistrates in London .	prep_postp:before:after	2521
Many women have diarrhea , gas , or constipation before their periods .	Many women have diarrhea , gas , or constipation during their periods .	prep_postp:before:during	2522
Such security alerts are relatively common , especially before the September 11 attacks .	Such security alerts are relatively common , especially after the September 11 attacks .	prep_postp:before:after	2523
But most guests went to bed before 10pm .	But most guests went to bed after 10pm .	prep_postp:before:after	2524
The bill will be placed before the Parliament in November .	The bill will be placed after the Parliament in November .	prep_postp:before:after	2525
For passengers , it is one petty insult and indignity before the other .	For passengers , it is one petty insult and indignity after the other .	prep_postp:before:after	2526
Anderson was reportedly sitting on Lee 's lap shortly before the brush-up .	Anderson was reportedly sitting on Lee 's lap shortly after the brush-up .	prep_postp:before:after	2527
The student was released before about 45 minutes .	The student was released after about 45 minutes .	prep_postp:before:after	2528
A second could have come just before the onset of leukemia .	A second could have come just after the onset of leukemia .	prep_postp:before:after	2529
Investors pushed shares of Cablevision lower before the forecast cuts .	Investors pushed shares of Cablevision lower after the forecast cuts .	prep_postp:before:after	2530
The Black Eyed Peas were sixth , one place before homegrown stars Coldplay .	The Black Eyed Peas were sixth , one place after homegrown stars Coldplay .	prep_postp:before:after	2531
Beckwith tested the new feature before several other experiments .	Beckwith tested the new feature during several other experiments .	prep_postp:before:during	2532
Haiphong was heavily bombed before the war .	Haiphong was heavily bombed during the war .	prep_postp:before:during	2533
If you have a choice , travel before off-peak days .	If you have a choice , travel during off-peak days .	prep_postp:before:during	2534
Pulte sold 7,468 homes before the third quarter , a 28 percent decline .	Pulte sold 7,468 homes during the third quarter , a 28 percent decline .	prep_postp:before:during	2535
He had been under intense pressure even before the mortgage crisis .	He had been under intense pressure even after the mortgage crisis .	prep_postp:before:after	2536
They were poor before the war .	They were poor after the war .	prep_postp:before:after	2537
Before the incident , the Phi Kappa Tau chapter was dissolved .	After the incident , the Phi Kappa Tau chapter was dissolved .	prep_postp:before:after	2538
Before yesterday 's Diary piece about toilets on trains , Alba is confused .	AFTER yesterday 's Diary piece about toilets on trains , Alba is confused .	prep_postp:before:after	2539
follows , in which MPs debate the principles in detail before voting .	follows , in which MPs debate the principles in detail after voting .	prep_postp:before:after	2540
Lo Piccolo was arrested before almost quarter of a century on the run .	Lo Piccolo was arrested after almost quarter of a century on the run .	prep_postp:before:after	2541
Before his public career , Mr. Vanik was a lawyer .	After his public career , Mr. Vanik was a lawyer .	prep_postp:before:after	2542
They have repeatedly watched the excruciating video before the proceedings .	They have repeatedly watched the excruciating video during the proceedings .	prep_postp:before:during	2543
It was recovered from Dodi 's apartment before the tragedy .	It was recovered from Dodi 's apartment after the tragedy .	prep_postp:before:after	2544
Eleven Bodies Had Been Recovered Before The Accident Near The Town Of Minya .	Eleven Bodies Had Been Recovered After The Accident Near The Town Of Minya .	prep_postp:before:after	2545
Twelve-year-old Mohammed was killed before the incident in September 2000 .	Twelve-year-old Mohammed was killed during the incident in September 2000 .	prep_postp:before:during	2546
Oakland got its first score before a turnover , as well .	Oakland got its first score after a turnover , as well .	prep_postp:before:after	2547
He did not bow his head before dictatorship and terrorism .	He did not bow his head after dictatorship and terrorism .	prep_postp:before:after	2548
Putin had been expected to replace his prime minister before December parliamentary elections .	Putin had been expected to replace his prime minister after December parliamentary elections .	prep_postp:before:after	2549
Then the Patriots get to rest before their bye week .	Then the Patriots get to rest during their bye week .	prep_postp:before:during	2550
Before the war , her lists were invaluable .	After the war , her lists were invaluable .	prep_postp:before:after	2551
San Francisco will transmit them before the fact .	San Francisco will transmit them after the fact .	prep_postp:before:after	2552
The Giants hope that he can do more before Thursday 's practice .	The Giants hope that he can do more during Thursday 's practice .	prep_postp:before:during	2553
The injured man was taken to hospital and discharged before treatment .	The injured man was taken to hospital and discharged after treatment .	prep_postp:before:after	2554
Amazon.co.uk will deliver goods ordered before 8.30am on December 24 that same day .	Amazon.co.uk will deliver goods ordered after 8.30am on December 24 that same day .	prep_postp:before:after	2555
A decision is expected before the end of January .	A decision is expected after the end of January .	prep_postp:before:after	2556
But No. 13 's luck changed before that .	But No. 13 's luck changed after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2557
Before the weekend , people will explore what genuine romantic love looks like .	During the weekend , people will explore what genuine romantic love looks like .	prep_postp:before:during	2558
Still , Crist courted the black community before last year 's campaign .	Still , Crist courted the black community during last year 's campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	2559
At breakfast before the Oscars , he showed her pictures .	At breakfast after the Oscars , he showed her pictures .	prep_postp:before:after	2560
A replay will be available before the presentation and accessible for 14 days .	A replay will be available after the presentation and accessible for 14 days .	prep_postp:before:after	2561
And before that , this was a stop on the Santa Fe Trail .	And after that , this was a stop on the Santa Fe Trail .	prep_postp:before:after	2562
Steger said the administration was responding before those two hours between the killings .	Steger said the administration was responding during those two hours between the killings .	prep_postp:before:during	2563
Before that , all restrictions are off .	After that , all restrictions are off .	prep_postp:before:after	2564
Southbound lanes of I-69 reopened about two hours before the crash .	Southbound lanes of I-69 reopened about two hours after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	2565
I nearly always awoke before the alarm in the morning .	I nearly always awoke after the alarm in the morning .	prep_postp:before:after	2566
Police said an 18-year-old man from Northamptonshire was assaulted before the incident .	Police said an 18-year-old man from Northamptonshire was assaulted during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	2567
Police smashed the gang before a 21-month surveillance operation .	Police smashed the gang after a 21-month surveillance operation .	prep_postp:before:after	2568
Before the fight , several gunshots were fired , Covington said .	During the fight , several gunshots were fired , Covington said .	prep_postp:before:during	2569
Senators voiced concern about the report 's findings before Thursday 's hearing .	Senators voiced concern about the report 's findings during Thursday 's hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	2570
Results are scheduled for release before the close of trading .	Results are scheduled for release after the close of trading .	prep_postp:before:after	2571
, and was scheduled to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge .	, and was scheduled to appear after a U.S. magistrate judge .	prep_postp:before:after	2572
It began the investigation before a tip from a Berlin internet provider .	It began the investigation after a tip from a Berlin internet provider .	prep_postp:before:after	2573
Kelly aggravate a knee problem before the Birmingham derby defeat to Aston Villa .	Kelly aggravate a knee problem during the Birmingham derby defeat to Aston Villa .	prep_postp:before:during	2574
But before an eight-day layoff , the Rockies were rusted and got routed .	But after an eight-day layoff , the Rockies were rusted and got routed .	prep_postp:before:after	2575
Employees were concerned about working before dark and on weekends .	Employees were concerned about working after dark and on weekends .	prep_postp:before:after	2576
Lopez 's abrasion was not the only bloody incident before halftime .	Lopez 's abrasion was not the only bloody incident after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	2577
According to police , the attack took place shortly before noon .	According to police , the attack took place shortly after noon .	prep_postp:before:after	2578
Bond prices slipped Wednesday before the economic readings .	Bond prices slipped Wednesday after the economic readings .	prep_postp:before:after	2579
The extent of the injury was discovered before an MRI .	The extent of the injury was discovered during an MRI .	prep_postp:before:during	2580
The goal was upheld before a long review .	The goal was upheld after a long review .	prep_postp:before:after	2581
Before her arrest , she had been working in a strip club .	After her arrest , she had been working in a strip club .	prep_postp:before:after	2582
South America The four men did not have to appear before the judge .	South America The four men did not have to appear after the judge .	prep_postp:before:after	2583
Vin & Spirit is management chose not to be interviewed before my visit .	Vin & Spirit is management chose not to be interviewed during my visit .	prep_postp:before:during	2584
In my limited experience , it could have been No. 2 before Makaibari .	In my limited experience , it could have been No. 2 after Makaibari .	prep_postp:before:after	2585
Dozens of potential nominees weighed in before the selection process .	Dozens of potential nominees weighed in during the selection process .	prep_postp:before:during	2586
Before her swing , Clinton was also formally collecting some key endorsements .	During her swing , Clinton was also formally collecting some key endorsements .	prep_postp:before:during	2587
One victim , Veronica Martinez , had lived with Calva before her death .	One victim , Veronica Martinez , had lived with Calva after her death .	prep_postp:before:after	2588
20 when he testified before the House intelligence committee .	20 when he testified after the House intelligence committee .	prep_postp:before:after	2589
Southeastern China is regularly pummelled before the summer-to-autumn typhoon season .	Southeastern China is regularly pummelled during the summer-to-autumn typhoon season .	prep_postp:before:during	2590
1944 - Germans withdraw before Communist resistance .	1944 - Germans withdraw after Communist resistance .	prep_postp:before:after	2591
Hayden had paused the tape at the moment immediately before his crash .	Hayden had paused the tape at the moment immediately after his crash .	prep_postp:before:after	2592
That was in May 2000 , soon before his inauguration .	That was in May 2000 , soon after his inauguration .	prep_postp:before:after	2593
A 24-hour menu is available , though choices are limited before breakfast .	A 24-hour menu is available , though choices are limited after breakfast .	prep_postp:before:after	2594
He recalled receiving a phone call from Montgomery the day before the murder .	He recalled receiving a phone call from Montgomery the day after the murder .	prep_postp:before:after	2595
Before the flurry of excitement , all settles down .	After the flurry of excitement , all settles down .	prep_postp:before:after	2596
It was the first reported increase before decades of decline .	It was the first reported increase after decades of decline .	prep_postp:before:after	2597
Teachers read a statement to the students before first period , he said .	Teachers read a statement to the students during first period , he said .	prep_postp:before:during	2598
But he had four straight poor outings before back problems .	But he had four straight poor outings after back problems .	prep_postp:before:after	2599
Before July , the fee was capped at $ 100 .	After July , the fee was capped at $ 100 .	prep_postp:before:after	2600
It currently has 67 before Mr. Ghanem 's death .	It currently has 67 after Mr. Ghanem 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	2601
Crime dropped dramatically before that , the figures show .	Crime dropped dramatically after that , the figures show .	prep_postp:before:after	2602
Now they only bow down before money .	Now they only bow down after money .	prep_postp:before:after	2603
That was more than an hour before the first shooting .	That was more than an hour after the first shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	2604
It was already called the Flying-M before its previous owner , Stanfield Murphy .	It was already called the Flying-M after its previous owner , Stanfield Murphy .	prep_postp:before:after	2605
McCabe did not return home before a night of dancing in February 1980 .	McCabe did not return home after a night of dancing in February 1980 .	prep_postp:before:after	2606
His company has advertised before the 2005 , 2006 and 2007 games .	His company has advertised during the 2005 , 2006 and 2007 games .	prep_postp:before:during	2607
Please read the prospectuses carefully before investing .	Please read the prospectuses carefully after investing .	prep_postp:before:after	2608
She said Milly had shown great courage before the illness .	She said Milly had shown great courage during the illness .	prep_postp:before:during	2609
Before a brief moment of hesitation , she flashed them .	After a brief moment of hesitation , she flashed them .	prep_postp:before:after	2610
A Colombian colleague was shot dead before the abduction .	A Colombian colleague was shot dead during the abduction .	prep_postp:before:during	2611
Physicians had initially said Everett was likely to be paralyzed before the mishap .	Physicians had initially said Everett was likely to be paralyzed after the mishap .	prep_postp:before:after	2612
Sinn Fein suspended a number of its members before the killing .	Sinn Fein suspended a number of its members after the killing .	prep_postp:before:after	2613
In suburban houses built before recent decades , fewer people occupy more space .	In suburban houses built during recent decades , fewer people occupy more space .	prep_postp:before:during	2614
Before that investigation , police learned that Tawake was really a man .	During that investigation , police learned that Tawake was really a man .	prep_postp:before:during	2615
Before a wash-out period , the participants switched treatments for another 12 weeks .	After a wash-out period , the participants switched treatments for another 12 weeks .	prep_postp:before:after	2616
Before awhile , however , the GGG Girlfriend was not enough .	After awhile , however , the GGG Girlfriend was not enough .	prep_postp:before:after	2617
The remains of the damaged buildings were leveled before World War II .	The remains of the damaged buildings were leveled after World War II .	prep_postp:before:after	2618
Davydenko 's victory gives him a little confidence before earlier losses .	Davydenko 's victory gives him a little confidence after earlier losses .	prep_postp:before:after	2619
The Jayhawks will not play Oklahoma or Texas before the regular season .	The Jayhawks will not play Oklahoma or Texas during the regular season .	prep_postp:before:during	2620
I want to get driving before dark .	I want to get driving after dark .	prep_postp:before:after	2621
I did not eat for one week before that , just water .	I did not eat for one week after that , just water .	prep_postp:before:after	2622
Spezza will be a restricted free agent before the season .	Spezza will be a restricted free agent after the season .	prep_postp:before:after	2623
That patience has served Clemens well before his tenure with the Jets .	That patience has served Clemens well during his tenure with the Jets .	prep_postp:before:during	2624
6 August : Arrives at Nith Estuary , before flight down Tweed Valley .	6 August : Arrives at Nith Estuary , after flight down Tweed Valley .	prep_postp:before:after	2625
But there are no dates set before that .	But there are no dates set after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2626
Q. Before that conversation with your boss , are you negotiating or persuading ?	Q. During that conversation with your boss , are you negotiating or persuading ?	prep_postp:before:during	2627
He was limited to running before Thursday 's practice .	He was limited to running during Thursday 's practice .	prep_postp:before:during	2628
Each neigbourhood has a different design before help from the community .	Each neigbourhood has a different design after help from the community .	prep_postp:before:after	2629
FORTY YEARS before Alfie , Michael Caine still works at an astonishing pace .	FORTY YEARS after Alfie , Michael Caine still works at an astonishing pace .	prep_postp:before:after	2630
Before his cross-examination , Becton testified that he had read Nowak her rights .	After his cross-examination , Becton testified that he had read Nowak her rights .	prep_postp:before:after	2631
I had not played on Centre Court before yesterday .	I had not played on Centre Court after yesterday .	prep_postp:before:after	2632
AL : I have never experienced such film experience before in my career .	AL : I have never experienced such film experience after in my career .	prep_postp:before:after	2633
More than three hours before shooting , police continued to surround the house .	More than three hours after shooting , police continued to surround the house .	prep_postp:before:after	2634
For a long time before that , it had destroyed that .	For a long time after that , it had destroyed that .	prep_postp:before:after	2635
The disease had been discovered just before her heart attack .	The disease had been discovered just after her heart attack .	prep_postp:before:after	2636
Revenue reached $ 3.01bn for the quarter , before commission for advertising partners .	Revenue reached $ 3.01bn for the quarter , after commission for advertising partners .	prep_postp:before:after	2637
Hopefully things will change a bit before the conference .	Hopefully things will change a bit after the conference .	prep_postp:before:after	2638
My grandmother died soon before of a heart attack .	My grandmother died soon after of a heart attack .	prep_postp:before:after	2639
He is due to appear before magistrates in Hereford on 5 December .	He is due to appear after magistrates in Hereford on 5 December .	prep_postp:before:after	2640
Whichever party wins is likely to declare Kosovo 's independence before December 10th .	Whichever party wins is likely to declare Kosovo 's independence after December 10th .	prep_postp:before:after	2641
Mr Zebari was speaking before talks with Turkish counterpart Ali Babacan .	Mr Zebari was speaking after talks with Turkish counterpart Ali Babacan .	prep_postp:before:after	2642
Before that , you watch what you tweet .	After that , you watch what you tweet .	prep_postp:before:after	2643
Then about 15 minutes before the show , he arrived .	Then about 15 minutes after the show , he arrived .	prep_postp:before:after	2644
Virtual world provides cover Do your homework before shopping .	Virtual world provides cover Do your homework after shopping .	prep_postp:before:after	2645
Seconds before the detonation , a mortar landed in the area as well .	Seconds after the detonation , a mortar landed in the area as well .	prep_postp:before:after	2646
Before the game , Castillo walked around the clubhouse with his knee wrapped .	After the game , Castillo walked around the clubhouse with his knee wrapped .	prep_postp:before:after	2647
She usually heads there right before work .	She usually heads there right after work .	prep_postp:before:after	2648
Before many false starts , the Paley Media Center suggested I call Vidipax .	After many false starts , the Paley Media Center suggested I call Vidipax .	prep_postp:before:after	2649
And 358,000 years will elapse before Voyager 2 approaches the bright star Sirius .	And 358,000 years will elapse after Voyager 2 approaches the bright star Sirius .	prep_postp:before:after	2650
He will begin serving his time before the NHL season ends .	He will begin serving his time after the NHL season ends .	prep_postp:before:after	2651
He was just happy to win before a six-year drought .	He was just happy to win after a six-year drought .	prep_postp:before:after	2652
About 65,000 Austrian Jews were killed before the Nazi era .	About 65,000 Austrian Jews were killed during the Nazi era .	prep_postp:before:during	2653
Eight aircraft and 53 crew were lost before the night raid .	Eight aircraft and 53 crew were lost during the night raid .	prep_postp:before:during	2654
, outside Boston , but moved before his first birthday .	, outside Boston , but moved after his first birthday .	prep_postp:before:after	2655
Weeks before the fire , it is still not clear who is right .	Weeks after the fire , it is still not clear who is right .	prep_postp:before:after	2656
She has been Mr Kirchner 's top adviser before his four-year presidency .	She has been Mr Kirchner 's top adviser during his four-year presidency .	prep_postp:before:during	2657
The participants likely will be announced before Super Bowl week .	The participants likely will be announced during Super Bowl week .	prep_postp:before:during	2658
And before her year , most came to expect it .	And after her year , most came to expect it .	prep_postp:before:after	2659
Perez pounded his glove in frustration before the failed double play .	Perez pounded his glove in frustration after the failed double play .	prep_postp:before:after	2660
Before the game , Arbour was introduced to thunderous applause .	After the game , Arbour was introduced to thunderous applause .	prep_postp:before:after	2661
Five days before Christmas , Mike Tomlin already got a bag of coal .	Five days after Christmas , Mike Tomlin already got a bag of coal .	prep_postp:before:after	2662
His contract was to expire before this season .	His contract was to expire after this season .	prep_postp:before:after	2663
Before last night , he may have no choice .	After last night , he may have no choice .	prep_postp:before:after	2664
Chan has suffered numerous injuries before his career .	Chan has suffered numerous injuries during his career .	prep_postp:before:during	2665
A man has died before a fire in a caravan in County Monaghan .	A man has died after a fire in a caravan in County Monaghan .	prep_postp:before:after	2666
Boras was wearing a USC baseball T-shirt and was sweating before a workout .	Boras was wearing a USC baseball T-shirt and was sweating after a workout .	prep_postp:before:after	2667
Before a week or so of lekking , that is it .	After a week or so of lekking , that is it .	prep_postp:before:after	2668
My co-workers covered for me when calls came before client meetings .	My co-workers covered for me when calls came during client meetings .	prep_postp:before:during	2669
Before the war , Withers returned to Memphis and took the police job .	After the war , Withers returned to Memphis and took the police job .	prep_postp:before:after	2670
Petraeus and Crocker are to testify before Congress on their recommendations next week .	Petraeus and Crocker are to testify after Congress on their recommendations next week .	prep_postp:before:after	2671
That means you are financing less depreciation before the term of the lease .	That means you are financing less depreciation during the term of the lease .	prep_postp:before:during	2672
Before first , the decline was fairly orderly .	After first , the decline was fairly orderly .	prep_postp:before:after	2673
About 50 people were reportedly arrested over isolated looting incidents before the weekend .	About 50 people were reportedly arrested over isolated looting incidents during the weekend .	prep_postp:before:during	2674
Columbia was destroyed before re-entry because of a hole in its wing .	Columbia was destroyed during re-entry because of a hole in its wing .	prep_postp:before:during	2675
Before high school , he joined the police apprenticeship program in 2001 .	After high school , he joined the police apprenticeship program in 2001 .	prep_postp:before:after	2676
The Renshaw Street site will be closed before the move .	The Renshaw Street site will be closed after the move .	prep_postp:before:after	2677
Facchinetti only lasted two seasons at Gucci before Ford 's departure .	Facchinetti only lasted two seasons at Gucci after Ford 's departure .	prep_postp:before:after	2678
There is life before a smoking ban .	There is life after a smoking ban .	prep_postp:before:after	2679
Rooms are $ 160 before the week and $ 175 on weekends .	Rooms are $ 160 during the week and $ 175 on weekends .	prep_postp:before:during	2680
Braddy rested his head on the table before breaks .	Braddy rested his head on the table during breaks .	prep_postp:before:during	2681
Before the loss Saturday , Glenn said he did not remember the gesture .	After the loss Saturday , Glenn said he did not remember the gesture .	prep_postp:before:after	2682
Interviewing was completed before the period of August 30- September 2 , 2007 .	Interviewing was completed during the period of August 30- September 2 , 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	2683
Gusts up to 60mph were reported in some mountain passes before the night .	Gusts up to 60mph were reported in some mountain passes during the night .	prep_postp:before:during	2684
But before a few months , the candy was nowhere to be seen .	But after a few months , the candy was nowhere to be seen .	prep_postp:before:after	2685
Thirty company employees have been killed there before the four-year-old war .	Thirty company employees have been killed there during the four-year-old war .	prep_postp:before:during	2686
" I was born before a thunderstorm , " she recalled .	" I was born during a thunderstorm , " she recalled .	prep_postp:before:during	2687
The crew traveled 5.3 million miles before the 13-day mission .	The crew traveled 5.3 million miles during the 13-day mission .	prep_postp:before:during	2688
Wang 's case later came before the Asylum and Immigration Tribunal .	Wang 's case later came after the Asylum and Immigration Tribunal .	prep_postp:before:after	2689
O 'Neal 's ouster was expected before the loss .	O 'Neal 's ouster was expected after the loss .	prep_postp:before:after	2690
That was a mistake before that .	That was a mistake after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2691
like the things that I 'll tell actors before scenes .	like the things that I 'll tell actors during scenes .	prep_postp:before:during	2692
Mine officials said no workers were killed or injured before the ordeal .	Mine officials said no workers were killed or injured during the ordeal .	prep_postp:before:during	2693
Oscar-nominated Italian actor Marcello Mastroianni appeared in 142 films before his long career .	Oscar-nominated Italian actor Marcello Mastroianni appeared in 142 films during his long career .	prep_postp:before:during	2694
No posed photographs may be taken before the event .	No posed photographs may be taken during the event .	prep_postp:before:during	2695
It changed my entire way of thinking before that .	It changed my entire way of thinking after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2696
There is a pause before which no one answers .	There is a pause during which no one answers .	prep_postp:before:during	2697
Hampshire Police raided 37 premises in the Southampton area before 5am .	Hampshire Police raided 37 premises in the Southampton area after 5am .	prep_postp:before:after	2698
Sir Michael has received numerous accolades before his career .	Sir Michael has received numerous accolades during his career .	prep_postp:before:during	2699
Craig pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct before his arrest at Minneapolis-St .	Craig pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct after his arrest at Minneapolis-St .	prep_postp:before:after	2700
Thankfully I would have many more opportunities before my week at Wilson 's .	Thankfully I would have many more opportunities during my week at Wilson 's .	prep_postp:before:during	2701
He has been sidelined all season before rotator cuff surgery last October .	He has been sidelined all season after rotator cuff surgery last October .	prep_postp:before:after	2702
Unions want to continue the walkout before negotiations .	Unions want to continue the walkout during negotiations .	prep_postp:before:during	2703
Their father 's pragmatism was forged before his youth .	Their father 's pragmatism was forged during his youth .	prep_postp:before:during	2704
A jury returned a majority not proven verdict before a trial .	A jury returned a majority not proven verdict after a trial .	prep_postp:before:after	2705
The transition is expected to be completed before January .	The transition is expected to be completed after January .	prep_postp:before:after	2706
Saturday 's arrest came just hours before the BET Hip-Hop Awards .	Saturday 's arrest came just hours after the BET Hip-Hop Awards .	prep_postp:before:after	2707
What happens before the rate cut ?	What happens after the rate cut ?	prep_postp:before:after	2708
The 26-year-old Ochoa became No. 1 before a week off in April .	The 26-year-old Ochoa became No. 1 during a week off in April .	prep_postp:before:during	2709
Before Friday 's game , he said he enjoyed his time at Nebraska .	After Friday 's game , he said he enjoyed his time at Nebraska .	prep_postp:before:after	2710
They were also confident before heavy investment for sales to Japan .	They were also confident after heavy investment for sales to Japan .	prep_postp:before:after	2711
The codex was rebound between 1968 and 1972 before an earlier restoration .	The codex was rebound between 1968 and 1972 after an earlier restoration .	prep_postp:before:after	2712
Boston RHP Matt Clement threw a simulated game before the regular game .	Boston RHP Matt Clement threw a simulated game after the regular game .	prep_postp:before:after	2713
The event has been reinstated before a 10-year absence .	The event has been reinstated after a 10-year absence .	prep_postp:before:after	2714
But a wonderful move saw Everton double their lead just before the hour .	But a wonderful move saw Everton double their lead just after the hour .	prep_postp:before:after	2715
'What do we do the day before that ?	'What do we do the day after that ?	prep_postp:before:after	2716
Restaurants have become nervous about serving food before the Ramadan fast .	Restaurants have become nervous about serving food during the Ramadan fast .	prep_postp:before:during	2717
Before that time , she watched her mother die .	During that time , she watched her mother die .	prep_postp:before:during	2718
Hayes had a one shot lead before the opening round .	Hayes had a one shot lead after the opening round .	prep_postp:before:after	2719
Mars is currently the brightest object in the night sky before the Moon .	Mars is currently the brightest object in the night sky after the Moon .	prep_postp:before:after	2720
She did not have a sufficient kick left so soon before Berlin .	She did not have a sufficient kick left so soon after Berlin .	prep_postp:before:after	2721
Davis hit .069 with four singles in 58 at-bats before the regular season .	Davis hit .069 with four singles in 58 at-bats during the regular season .	prep_postp:before:during	2722
I did less running before the week .	I did less running during the week .	prep_postp:before:during	2723
Deportation proceedings for her children began before that .	Deportation proceedings for her children began after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2724
Westhoff did not rule out returning before next season .	Westhoff did not rule out returning after next season .	prep_postp:before:after	2725
Fragments of bone were removed from the ankle before surgery .	Fragments of bone were removed from the ankle during surgery .	prep_postp:before:during	2726
He will appear before magistrates on 23 October .	He will appear after magistrates on 23 October .	prep_postp:before:after	2727
He has an autobiography out before Christmas .	He has an autobiography out after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	2728
SOURCE EQO Communications Before this , Vietnamese parents had approved of the programme .	SOURCE EQO Communications After this , Vietnamese parents had approved of the programme .	prep_postp:before:after	2729
Before the course of these arrests , several firearms were also recovered .	During the course of these arrests , several firearms were also recovered .	prep_postp:before:during	2730
It came before protests against President Pervez Musharraf 's attempts at re-election .	It came during protests against President Pervez Musharraf 's attempts at re-election .	prep_postp:before:during	2731
Before that , pain was not a problem ; it was the point .	After that , pain was not a problem ; it was the point .	prep_postp:before:after	2732
Mr Solis conceded before a manual count and a series of legal challenges .	Mr Solis conceded after a manual count and a series of legal challenges .	prep_postp:before:after	2733
Before the first period , I was normal .	After the first period , I was normal .	prep_postp:before:after	2734
Youren cheered before the ride , then gave a score .	Youren cheered during the ride , then gave a score .	prep_postp:before:during	2735
Leave a message before the tone .	Leave a message after the tone .	prep_postp:before:after	2736
But their inexperience showed before halftime Sunday .	But their inexperience showed after halftime Sunday .	prep_postp:before:after	2737
But experts say the clues were there long before that .	But experts say the clues were there long after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2738
She braved numerous death threats before her murder .	She braved numerous death threats after her murder .	prep_postp:before:after	2739
The drilling permit allows Oilsands Quest to commence drilling operations before freeze-up .	The drilling permit allows Oilsands Quest to commence drilling operations after freeze-up .	prep_postp:before:after	2740
Some schools became confrontational before investigations .	Some schools became confrontational during investigations .	prep_postp:before:during	2741
Buy or Rent Before Graduation ?	Buy or Rent After Graduation ?	prep_postp:before:after	2742
Need I insert here that this event had been well before my later .	Need I insert here that this event had been well after my later .	prep_postp:before:after	2743
Bidding continued until seconds before a 4 p.m. deadline .	Bidding continued until seconds after a 4 p.m. deadline .	prep_postp:before:after	2744
It is OFF before ON .	It is OFF after ON .	prep_postp:before:after	2745
He was very upset before the game .	He was very upset after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2746
Mr Twyman is due before magistrates in Margate on Thursday .	Mr Twyman is due after magistrates in Margate on Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	2747
This is the toxin that causes liver damage before a paracetamol overdose .	This is the toxin that causes liver damage after a paracetamol overdose .	prep_postp:before:after	2748
Widespread protests broke out across Burma before September .	Widespread protests broke out across Burma during September .	prep_postp:before:during	2749
He kept his eye on her career before that .	He kept his eye on her career after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2750
The incident took place before Friday night 's Craftsman Truck Series race .	The incident took place after Friday night 's Craftsman Truck Series race .	prep_postp:before:after	2751
Before the week , Hall still attended meetings , keeping the atmosphere loose .	During the week , Hall still attended meetings , keeping the atmosphere loose .	prep_postp:before:during	2752
Before the investigation , Levingston falsely denied the allegations .	During the investigation , Levingston falsely denied the allegations .	prep_postp:before:during	2753
Before Woodrow Wilson , most presidents returned home when they left office .	After Woodrow Wilson , most presidents returned home when they left office .	prep_postp:before:after	2754
His body was found by divers on Sunday before a lengthy search operation .	His body was found by divers on Sunday after a lengthy search operation .	prep_postp:before:after	2755
Campbell has been sacked 12 times this season before just seven last year .	Campbell has been sacked 12 times this season after just seven last year .	prep_postp:before:after	2756
As it did the time before that .	As it did the time after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2757
Investors were also uneasy about tech stocks before Qualcomm Inc .	Investors were also uneasy about tech stocks after Qualcomm Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	2758
Bush stood firm before a Wednesday news conference .	Bush stood firm during a Wednesday news conference .	prep_postp:before:during	2759
Draft plans will be reviewed before the event .	Draft plans will be reviewed during the event .	prep_postp:before:during	2760
They change subtly before your eyes , creating new relationships with light .	They change subtly after your eyes , creating new relationships with light .	prep_postp:before:after	2761
She died about an hour before the attack .	She died about an hour after the attack .	prep_postp:before:after	2762
Regular routine : Ban unscented roll-on applied before a morning shower .	Regular routine : Ban unscented roll-on applied after a morning shower .	prep_postp:before:after	2763
Alcoa gained $ 1.42 , to $ 39.72 , before the regular session .	Alcoa gained $ 1.42 , to $ 39.72 , during the regular session .	prep_postp:before:during	2764
Before so many years , the Bills are again ready for their close-up .	After so many years , the Bills are again ready for their close-up .	prep_postp:before:after	2765
His left ankle was heavily taped before the game .	His left ankle was heavily taped after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2766
Equity analysts and corporate crooks took the blame before the technology bubble burst .	Equity analysts and corporate crooks took the blame after the technology bubble burst .	prep_postp:before:after	2767
Classes were canceled before the shooting .	Classes were canceled after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	2768
A man has died before a crash on the Isle of Wight .	A man has died after a crash on the Isle of Wight .	prep_postp:before:after	2769
Before warmer months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean .	During warmer months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean .	prep_postp:before:during	2770
The Company plans to distribute its earnings announcement before the call .	The Company plans to distribute its earnings announcement after the call .	prep_postp:before:after	2771
This could result in operational limits before peak hours .	This could result in operational limits during peak hours .	prep_postp:before:during	2772
Weller refused to take reporter 's questions before his speech .	Weller refused to take reporter 's questions after his speech .	prep_postp:before:after	2773
I cannot remember anything before that .	I cannot remember anything after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2774
The tie finished 2-2 on aggregate before a goalless draw in Denmark yesterday .	The tie finished 2-2 on aggregate after a goalless draw in Denmark yesterday .	prep_postp:before:after	2775
Francois Steyn bursts through the Wales defense before South Africa 's 34-12 victory .	Francois Steyn bursts through the Wales defense during South Africa 's 34-12 victory .	prep_postp:before:during	2776
It is caused by turbulence inside the airway before inspiration .	It is caused by turbulence inside the airway during inspiration .	prep_postp:before:during	2777
Arroyo said before the briefing .	Arroyo said during the briefing .	prep_postp:before:during	2778
He has denied the charges of large-scale graft before his wife 's rule .	He has denied the charges of large-scale graft during his wife 's rule .	prep_postp:before:during	2779
Only three Survivors Were Rescued From The Rubble Before The Past Week .	Only three Survivors Were Rescued From The Rubble During The Past Week .	prep_postp:before:during	2780
This was said hopefully three hours before game time .	This was said hopefully three hours after game time .	prep_postp:before:after	2781
Where would the activists hide before gathering at parliament ?	Where would the activists hide after gathering at parliament ?	prep_postp:before:after	2782
Power was out to much of the town before the storm .	Power was out to much of the town after the storm .	prep_postp:before:after	2783
The six-pound rope system was devised before a fatal fire in 2005 .	The six-pound rope system was devised after a fatal fire in 2005 .	prep_postp:before:after	2784
Before the launch disaster , she returned to teaching .	After the launch disaster , she returned to teaching .	prep_postp:before:after	2785
About 20,000 to 30,000 of them invade Tokyu Food Show before work .	About 20,000 to 30,000 of them invade Tokyu Food Show after work .	prep_postp:before:after	2786
The Crimson was back in the end zone before an impressive drive .	The Crimson was back in the end zone after an impressive drive .	prep_postp:before:after	2787
But how will it play in the years before that ?	But how will it play in the years after that ?	prep_postp:before:after	2788
Tchaikovsky 's A minor Piano Trio came before intermission .	Tchaikovsky 's A minor Piano Trio came after intermission .	prep_postp:before:after	2789
The Company also provides before sales support and services to customers worldwide .	The Company also provides after sales support and services to customers worldwide .	prep_postp:before:after	2790
The ads for Fox started running soon before midnight .	The ads for Fox started running soon after midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	2791
Adams said he prescribed West Vicodin before the surgery .	Adams said he prescribed West Vicodin after the surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	2792
Before that experience , the mineral bath seemed normal .	After that experience , the mineral bath seemed normal .	prep_postp:before:after	2793
Before careful consideration , the Mayor asked the Board to widen the search .	After careful consideration , the Mayor asked the Board to widen the search .	prep_postp:before:after	2794
Before the day , 26-year-old Michelle Ould is a mother and a secretary .	During the day , 26-year-old Michelle Ould is a mother and a secretary .	prep_postp:before:during	2795
Before a 27-minute delay , the next jumper leapt off the platform .	After a 27-minute delay , the next jumper leapt off the platform .	prep_postp:before:after	2796
Others may ditch the relationship before her death .	Others may ditch the relationship after her death .	prep_postp:before:after	2797
Before that fight , my character knows everything 's different .	After that fight , my character knows everything 's different .	prep_postp:before:after	2798
But the policy does not stop before the trip down the aisle .	But the policy does not stop after the trip down the aisle .	prep_postp:before:after	2799
I would doubt it before this week .	I would doubt it after this week .	prep_postp:before:after	2800
The lights last went out before a strike by musicians four years ago .	The lights last went out during a strike by musicians four years ago .	prep_postp:before:during	2801
Someone on the Russian lines who experienced the terrible shelling before April 1855 .	Someone on the Russian lines who experienced the terrible shelling during April 1855 .	prep_postp:before:during	2802
The family will attend a private cremation before the service .	The family will attend a private cremation after the service .	prep_postp:before:after	2803
Press joined Toyota in 1970 before a brief stint at Ford Motor Co .	Press joined Toyota in 1970 after a brief stint at Ford Motor Co .	prep_postp:before:after	2804
She was dismissed from the astronaut corps a month before her arrest .	She was dismissed from the astronaut corps a month after her arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	2805
" " We security forces also killed about 250 miscreants before this period .	" " We security forces also killed about 250 miscreants during this period .	prep_postp:before:during	2806
His announcement came before intense U.S. pressure .	His announcement came after intense U.S. pressure .	prep_postp:before:after	2807
No schools now allow beer to be sold before football games .	No schools now allow beer to be sold during football games .	prep_postp:before:during	2808
Soon afterwards Dollfuss was assassinated before an abortive putsch by Austrian Nazis .	Soon afterwards Dollfuss was assassinated during an abortive putsch by Austrian Nazis .	prep_postp:before:during	2809
Rivers and his crew were filming the motorcade just before the bombing .	Rivers and his crew were filming the motorcade just after the bombing .	prep_postp:before:after	2810
Keep Track of Children Before Halloween With Innovative Wristband From Stuck on You !	Keep Track of Children During Halloween With Innovative Wristband From Stuck on You !	prep_postp:before:during	2811
The assault took place before the early hours of 14 July .	The assault took place during the early hours of 14 July .	prep_postp:before:during	2812
They moved into the home two days before Christmas in 2005 .	They moved into the home two days after Christmas in 2005 .	prep_postp:before:after	2813
She believes Jarvis ' health will now improve tremendously before the surgery .	She believes Jarvis ' health will now improve tremendously after the surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	2814
Chan announced his new venture before a press conference at Santa Clarita Studios .	Chan announced his new venture during a press conference at Santa Clarita Studios .	prep_postp:before:during	2815
From the report : Wednesday 's game began before a 49-minute rain delay .	From the report : Wednesday 's game began after a 49-minute rain delay .	prep_postp:before:after	2816
In the third , the transfer started only before a 10-minute delay .	In the third , the transfer started only after a 10-minute delay .	prep_postp:before:after	2817
But seizures changed little before that period .	But seizures changed little during that period .	prep_postp:before:during	2818
The report is due before the end of the year .	The report is due after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	2819
Shortly before the vote , Putin signed a decree naming Zubkov prime minister .	Shortly after the vote , Putin signed a decree naming Zubkov prime minister .	prep_postp:before:after	2820
Before a sudden market panic , all is well .	AFTER a sudden market panic , all is well .	prep_postp:before:after	2821
Astronauts use diapers before space shuttle missions .	Astronauts use diapers during space shuttle missions .	prep_postp:before:during	2822
, said before meeting with Mukasey on Tuesday .	, said after meeting with Mukasey on Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	2823
However he alerted police before the murder .	However he alerted police after the murder .	prep_postp:before:after	2824
Negativity nearly overwhelmed Gay before the biggest race of his life .	Negativity nearly overwhelmed Gay after the biggest race of his life .	prep_postp:before:after	2825
Former Celtic winger Smith was injured before the return-leg in Ukraine .	Former Celtic winger Smith was injured during the return-leg in Ukraine .	prep_postp:before:during	2826
Willingham was jettisoned before only three seasons .	Willingham was jettisoned after only three seasons .	prep_postp:before:after	2827
All of them completed one or more surveys before the 5-year period .	All of them completed one or more surveys during the 5-year period .	prep_postp:before:during	2828
Before his arrest , the senator denied any sexual intent .	After his arrest , the senator denied any sexual intent .	prep_postp:before:after	2829
No passengers or crew were injured before the incident .	No passengers or crew were injured during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	2830
New Orleans bolted to a 28-14 lead before the first quarter .	New Orleans bolted to a 28-14 lead after the first quarter .	prep_postp:before:after	2831
Burjanadze has often been the face of the government before the past week .	Burjanadze has often been the face of the government during the past week .	prep_postp:before:during	2832
He 'll make his kids clean up the stadium before a game .	He 'll make his kids clean up the stadium after a game .	prep_postp:before:after	2833
To escape before half time .	To escape during half time .	prep_postp:before:during	2834
Both were originally due in 2007 but now are expected before next summer .	Both were originally due in 2007 but now are expected after next summer .	prep_postp:before:after	2835
Shortly before our discussion , Dennis sent me a note .	Shortly after our discussion , Dennis sent me a note .	prep_postp:before:after	2836
How many hours a week did you work before the season ?	How many hours a week did you work during the season ?	prep_postp:before:during	2837
The agreement came before several months of negotiations .	The agreement came after several months of negotiations .	prep_postp:before:after	2838
Presentation slides will be available about one hour before the presentation .	Presentation slides will be available about one hour after the presentation .	prep_postp:before:after	2839
No rain was anticipated before Tuesday .	No rain was anticipated after Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	2840
Her determination drives her to arrive at school hours before her classmates .	Her determination drives her to arrive at school hours after her classmates .	prep_postp:before:after	2841
NEW YORK - Lindsay Lohan is making plans for life before rehab .	NEW YORK - Lindsay Lohan is making plans for life after rehab .	prep_postp:before:after	2842
He was confirmed only before a lengthy , polarizing fight .	He was confirmed only after a lengthy , polarizing fight .	prep_postp:before:after	2843
The development came four months before the start of the trial .	The development came four months after the start of the trial .	prep_postp:before:after	2844
The display kickoff historically begins the day before Thanksgiving .	The display kickoff historically begins the day after Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:after	2845
It started long before the game .	It started long after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2846
The truth finally emerged before a conference in the United States in 2002 .	The truth finally emerged during a conference in the United States in 2002 .	prep_postp:before:during	2847
Before further questioning , the officer said Stiles revealed his true name .	After further questioning , the officer said Stiles revealed his true name .	prep_postp:before:after	2848
Dhoni was named man of the match before his innings of 63 .	Dhoni was named man of the match after his innings of 63 .	prep_postp:before:after	2849
Lindsay Lohan is making plans for life before rehab .	Lindsay Lohan is making plans for life after rehab .	prep_postp:before:after	2850
* Before the quarter , we had paydowns of $ 59.0 million .	* During the quarter , we had paydowns of $ 59.0 million .	prep_postp:before:during	2851
Police found two guns before a search of Coleman 's home .	Police found two guns during a search of Coleman 's home .	prep_postp:before:during	2852
The Red Sox and Indians both had four games left before that .	The Red Sox and Indians both had four games left after that .	prep_postp:before:after	2853
Before the 20-minute period , Cronin told Call that he had burped .	During the 20-minute period , Cronin told Call that he had burped .	prep_postp:before:during	2854
His wife was reported to have been ill before the past few years .	His wife was reported to have been ill during the past few years .	prep_postp:before:during	2855
Coles rarely played before his first-quarter catch .	Coles rarely played after his first-quarter catch .	prep_postp:before:after	2856
Coach Hideo Suzuki backed Tosa to return to competition before childbirth .	Coach Hideo Suzuki backed Tosa to return to competition after childbirth .	prep_postp:before:after	2857
Richards is finishing strongly before a series of setbacks .	Richards is finishing strongly after a series of setbacks .	prep_postp:before:after	2858
They handed him over to police before an hour , Mr Niazi said .	They handed him over to police after an hour , Mr Niazi said .	prep_postp:before:after	2859
, confirmed that a tornado touched down shortly before noon EDT .	, confirmed that a tornado touched down shortly after noon EDT .	prep_postp:before:after	2860
Kickoffs usually appear to be the most chaotic plays before a game .	Kickoffs usually appear to be the most chaotic plays during a game .	prep_postp:before:during	2861
Lord knows , we have been criticized enough before our career .	Lord knows , we have been criticized enough during our career .	prep_postp:before:during	2862
They were caught on CCTV before the assault .	They were caught on CCTV during the assault .	prep_postp:before:during	2863
Nearly 250,000 people visit the shrine before the 10-day pilgrimage each September .	Nearly 250,000 people visit the shrine during the 10-day pilgrimage each September .	prep_postp:before:during	2864
Before that , it was gravy .	After that , it was gravy .	prep_postp:before:after	2865
He received $ 40,000 in campaign donations from land developers before his visit .	He received $ 40,000 in campaign donations from land developers during his visit .	prep_postp:before:during	2866
Coach Tom Coughlin fumed last season before Shockey 's " outcoached " comment .	Coach Tom Coughlin fumed last season after Shockey 's " outcoached " comment .	prep_postp:before:after	2867
Clinton rarely , if ever , mentions Giuliani by name before the campaign .	Clinton rarely , if ever , mentions Giuliani by name during the campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	2868
May we not commit the same error before this second chance .	May we not commit the same error after this second chance .	prep_postp:before:after	2869
Denbo replaces Mickey Brantley , whose contract expired before the season .	Denbo replaces Mickey Brantley , whose contract expired after the season .	prep_postp:before:after	2870
Cavers can often find themselves marooned before heavy rain .	Cavers can often find themselves marooned after heavy rain .	prep_postp:before:after	2871
Rumsfeld was ousted before the November elections .	Rumsfeld was ousted after the November elections .	prep_postp:before:after	2872
Before the third quarter , GMAC injected $ 1 billion into ResCap .	During the third quarter , GMAC injected $ 1 billion into ResCap .	prep_postp:before:during	2873
Soon before Saddam 's fall , the liquor business boomed .	Soon after Saddam 's fall , the liquor business boomed .	prep_postp:before:after	2874
Coverage is also thought to be increasing before last year 's results .	Coverage is also thought to be increasing after last year 's results .	prep_postp:before:after	2875
Smalley scored five points before the spurt .	Smalley scored five points during the spurt .	prep_postp:before:during	2876
Kelley complained to the airline before the flight from Atlanta to San Francisco .	Kelley complained to the airline after the flight from Atlanta to San Francisco .	prep_postp:before:after	2877
He had not had any signal that there were problems before that call .	He had not had any signal that there were problems after that call .	prep_postp:before:after	2878
No clinically significant adverse events were identified before a six-month controlled follow-up .	No clinically significant adverse events were identified after a six-month controlled follow-up .	prep_postp:before:after	2879
The character to put America 's interests before his own .	The character to put America 's interests after his own .	prep_postp:before:after	2880
The road was closed for several hours before the crash on Tuesday afternoon .	The road was closed for several hours after the crash on Tuesday afternoon .	prep_postp:before:after	2881
Neither she nor her attorneys spoke to reporters before the closed hearing .	Neither she nor her attorneys spoke to reporters after the closed hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	2882
A woman was arrested before an attempted armed robbery in Somerset .	A woman was arrested after an attempted armed robbery in Somerset .	prep_postp:before:after	2883
That dynamic has been borne out before the market 's midsummer swoon .	That dynamic has been borne out during the market 's midsummer swoon .	prep_postp:before:during	2884
The U.S. military said explosive residue was found on Hussein before his arrest .	The U.S. military said explosive residue was found on Hussein after his arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	2885
Mr Blair received three standing ovations before the evening .	Mr Blair received three standing ovations during the evening .	prep_postp:before:during	2886
He said " judge me before twelve games " - fair enough .	He said " judge me after twelve games " - fair enough .	prep_postp:before:after	2887
Before that , there was no going back .	After that , there was no going back .	prep_postp:before:after	2888
Hartson made four appearances for Norwich before his time in East Anglia .	Hartson made four appearances for Norwich during his time in East Anglia .	prep_postp:before:during	2889
He did not return to the court from the locker room before halftime .	He did not return to the court from the locker room after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	2890
Before the party , the hangover , you might say .	After the party , the hangover , you might say .	prep_postp:before:after	2891
NASCAR teams cannot use oxygen sensors before races .	NASCAR teams cannot use oxygen sensors during races .	prep_postp:before:during	2892
Before his win , Djokovic talked about the Nadal-Federer history .	After his win , Djokovic talked about the Nadal-Federer history .	prep_postp:before:after	2893
That priority remained well before Election Day .	That priority remained well after Election Day .	prep_postp:before:after	2894
But before the requisite grounding , two speeding tickets followed .	But after the requisite grounding , two speeding tickets followed .	prep_postp:before:after	2895
Before a lengthy delay , Gimelstob wound up double-faulting .	After a lengthy delay , Gimelstob wound up double-faulting .	prep_postp:before:after	2896
Koreans began to return home before the 1991 Soviet collapse .	Koreans began to return home after the 1991 Soviet collapse .	prep_postp:before:after	2897
Before Adobe , Narayen co-founded Pictra Inc .	After Adobe , Narayen co-founded Pictra Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	2898
Lerch is also meeting with student groups and citizen activists before the tour .	Lerch is also meeting with student groups and citizen activists during the tour .	prep_postp:before:during	2899
One Boeing 767-300 aircraft was added to the VRG fleet before 3Q07 .	One Boeing 767-300 aircraft was added to the VRG fleet during 3Q07 .	prep_postp:before:during	2900
She will be going before the gold in Vancouver .	She will be going after the gold in Vancouver .	prep_postp:before:after	2901
Mr Ayres was pronounced dead an hour before the assault .	Mr Ayres was pronounced dead an hour after the assault .	prep_postp:before:after	2902
He is due to appear before Southampton Crown Court on 20 December .	He is due to appear after Southampton Crown Court on 20 December .	prep_postp:before:after	2903
He gained 120 on 14 carries before a 35-23 victory over Florida Atlantic .	He gained 120 on 14 carries during a 35-23 victory over Florida Atlantic .	prep_postp:before:during	2904
Pondexter was not interested in discussing the incident before the game .	Pondexter was not interested in discussing the incident after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	2905
Shares had traded between $ 8.02 and $ 26.08 before the past year .	Shares had traded between $ 8.02 and $ 26.08 during the past year .	prep_postp:before:during	2906
Before that , it is like any other fixed- or adjustable-rate loan .	After that , it is like any other fixed- or adjustable-rate loan .	prep_postp:before:after	2907
This was all at 5 a.m. , before a Kid show .	This was all at 5 a.m. , after a Kid show .	prep_postp:before:after	2908
He was released from hospital the same night before treatment .	He was released from hospital the same night after treatment .	prep_postp:before:after	2909
Installation is set for Tuesday before the mission 's third spacewalk .	Installation is set for Tuesday during the mission 's third spacewalk .	prep_postp:before:during	2910
But before that , everything gets delayed .	But after that , everything gets delayed .	prep_postp:before:after	2911
Wattie left Grampian Police before his conviction .	Wattie left Grampian Police after his conviction .	prep_postp:before:after	2912
McGee had only four receptions for 91 yards before the 1966 regular season .	McGee had only four receptions for 91 yards during the 1966 regular season .	prep_postp:before:during	2913
He died just before midnight .	He died just after midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	2914
That plan , too , may be scrapped before Anderson 's breakout performance .	That plan , too , may be scrapped after Anderson 's breakout performance .	prep_postp:before:after	2915
Timing is everything for Maryland , and the Terrapins suffer before long layoffs .	Timing is everything for Maryland , and the Terrapins suffer during long layoffs .	prep_postp:before:during	2916
Before the study period , 536 cancer deaths occurred , the report indicates .	During the study period , 536 cancer deaths occurred , the report indicates .	prep_postp:before:during	2917
Mr Surayud gained a reputation for incorruptibility before his four-decade military career .	Mr Surayud gained a reputation for incorruptibility during his four-decade military career .	prep_postp:before:during	2918
A teenager zips up her jeans in the bathroom before a sexual encounter .	A teenager zips up her jeans in the bathroom after a sexual encounter .	prep_postp:before:after	2919
Gaines and Frush said they worked well with Johnson before the negotiations .	Gaines and Frush said they worked well with Johnson during the negotiations .	prep_postp:before:during	2920
Indiana celebrates Lincoln 's birthday on the day before Thanksgiving .	Indiana celebrates Lincoln 's birthday on the day after Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:after	2921
He had a tumor removed from his right temple two days before Christmas .	He had a tumor removed from his right temple two days after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	2922
Before trading possessions , Rajon Rondo hit Ray Allen for a 3-pointer .	After trading possessions , Rajon Rondo hit Ray Allen for a 3-pointer .	prep_postp:before:after	2923
Sales dropped 0.1 percent , before a 0.4 percent gain a month earlier .	Sales dropped 0.1 percent , after a 0.4 percent gain a month earlier .	prep_postp:before:after	2924
Before Edinburgh , he left for Poland again .	After Edinburgh , he left for Poland again .	prep_postp:before:after	2925
He was severely scarred before a brutal attack outside his Baghdad home .	He was severely scarred during a brutal attack outside his Baghdad home .	prep_postp:before:during	2926
State Police plan to close all northbound lanes of I-95 before the investigation .	State Police plan to close all northbound lanes of I-95 during the investigation .	prep_postp:before:during	2927
Many teachers are also delivering the lesson plans before ICT lessons .	Many teachers are also delivering the lesson plans during ICT lessons .	prep_postp:before:during	2928
She did not work for three years before a hysterectomy and chemotherapy .	She did not work for three years after a hysterectomy and chemotherapy .	prep_postp:before:after	2929
Before that , I 'll be able to kill you .	After that , I 'll be able to kill you .	prep_postp:before:after	2930
Before the quarter , Lowe 's opened 40 new stores .	During the quarter , Lowe 's opened 40 new stores .	prep_postp:before:during	2931
That passion was transfered to Benazir before her father 's execution .	That passion was transfered to Benazir after her father 's execution .	prep_postp:before:after	2932
He is to be electronically monitored before that time .	He is to be electronically monitored during that time .	prep_postp:before:during	2933
That came before a 41-6 road loss to Missouri .	That came after a 41-6 road loss to Missouri .	prep_postp:before:after	2934
The campus-wide alert did not go out until shortly before the second shooting .	The campus-wide alert did not go out until shortly after the second shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	2935
Before that , he led the Football Association .	After that , he led the Football Association .	prep_postp:before:after	2936
Journalists were escorted out of the room before the brief remarks .	Journalists were escorted out of the room after the brief remarks .	prep_postp:before:after	2937
Before a day off Friday , the series resumes Saturday night in Denver .	After a day off Friday , the series resumes Saturday night in Denver .	prep_postp:before:after	2938
Many African-Americans do it to find out where they came from before slavery .	Many African-Americans do it to find out where they came from after slavery .	prep_postp:before:after	2939
Guests ' coloring sheets will be displayed in restaurants before the month .	Guests ' coloring sheets will be displayed in restaurants during the month .	prep_postp:before:during	2940
An Iraqi military spokesman said Abbas sustained minor injuries before his arrest .	An Iraqi military spokesman said Abbas sustained minor injuries during his arrest .	prep_postp:before:during	2941
They include eating protein before the carbohydrates in your lunch .	They include eating protein after the carbohydrates in your lunch .	prep_postp:before:after	2942
But before the game , it was ruled Modano never touched the puck .	But after the game , it was ruled Modano never touched the puck .	prep_postp:before:after	2943
Sometimes I feel like I am restricted before the most intimate times .	Sometimes I feel like I am restricted during the most intimate times .	prep_postp:before:during	2944
Teens need math help before elevator stalls ST .	Teens need math help after elevator stalls ST .	prep_postp:before:after	2945
Australia will play 27 Tests before the 2009 Ashes to England 's 22 .	Australia will play 27 Tests after the 2009 Ashes to England 's 22 .	prep_postp:before:after	2946
Before elections in 2003 and 2007 , violence erupted again .	During elections in 2003 and 2007 , violence erupted again .	prep_postp:before:during	2947
It is the first nationwide strike before auto contract negotiations since 1976 .	It is the first nationwide strike during auto contract negotiations since 1976 .	prep_postp:before:during	2948
Bryant scored his average , 26 points , before the break .	Bryant scored his average , 26 points , after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	2949
This transaction is expected to be completed before the first half of 2008 .	This transaction is expected to be completed during the first half of 2008 .	prep_postp:before:during	2950
RigNet , Inc. grew 1,316 percent before this period .	RigNet , Inc. grew 1,316 percent during this period .	prep_postp:before:during	2951
And that was July - three months before the invasion .	And that was July - three months after the invasion .	prep_postp:before:after	2952
A final decision is due before the end of the year .	A final decision is due after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	2953
Before the Reagan administration , the work force was slashed nearly in half .	During the Reagan administration , the work force was slashed nearly in half .	prep_postp:before:during	2954
Barton has made limited appearances for his new club before his summer move .	Barton has made limited appearances for his new club after his summer move .	prep_postp:before:after	2955
My psychotic boyfriend mailed me his severed left ear before a bad argument .	My psychotic boyfriend mailed me his severed left ear after a bad argument .	prep_postp:before:after	2956
SOURCE Xinhua Finance Limited Merrill confirmed the appointment before the closing bell .	SOURCE Xinhua Finance Limited Merrill confirmed the appointment after the closing bell .	prep_postp:before:after	2957
Risk management strategies worked well before the quarter .	Risk management strategies worked well during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	2958
Mortgage banking contributed mightily in 2006 , generating $ 2.06 billion before taxes .	Mortgage banking contributed mightily in 2006 , generating $ 2.06 billion after taxes .	prep_postp:before:after	2959
The bill is now before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee .	The bill is now after the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee .	prep_postp:before:after	2960
The decision came before months of study by the administration .	The decision came after months of study by the administration .	prep_postp:before:after	2961
Parenting class The left-hander made 45 relief appearances before the past two seasons .	Parenting class The left-hander made 45 relief appearances during the past two seasons .	prep_postp:before:during	2962
The former sheriff did not comment before the hearing .	The former sheriff did not comment after the hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	2963
Eighteen months before the operation , she finally felt like her old self .	Eighteen months after the operation , she finally felt like her old self .	prep_postp:before:after	2964
Or that pregnant women would reduce their level of fish consumption before pregnancy .	Or that pregnant women would reduce their level of fish consumption during pregnancy .	prep_postp:before:during	2965
She had not , she told me before a pause .	She had not , she told me after a pause .	prep_postp:before:after	2966
Before games , cameras were aimed at him , awaiting his next outburst .	During games , cameras were aimed at him , awaiting his next outburst .	prep_postp:before:during	2967
Before the second goal , he dug in his fingernails .	After the second goal , he dug in his fingernails .	prep_postp:before:after	2968
Ohuruogu has completed a remarkable comeback before a year on the sidelines .	Ohuruogu has completed a remarkable comeback after a year on the sidelines .	prep_postp:before:after	2969
Before the war , Matheson was repatriated and returned to his career .	After the war , Matheson was repatriated and returned to his career .	prep_postp:before:after	2970
The market was initially relieved before Bear Stearns Cos .	The market was initially relieved after Bear Stearns Cos .	prep_postp:before:after	2971
Before the Chakvetadze-Schiavone opener Saturday , Kuznetsova is to play Mara Santangelo .	After the Chakvetadze-Schiavone opener Saturday , Kuznetsova is to play Mara Santangelo .	prep_postp:before:after	2972
Before the incident , Craig had planned to seek a fourth term .	After the incident , Craig had planned to seek a fourth term .	prep_postp:before:after	2973
He was single before the 1990s , when he played the field enthusiastically .	He was single during the 1990s , when he played the field enthusiastically .	prep_postp:before:during	2974
The blast occurred before noon in the capital 's Baladiyat district .	The blast occurred after noon in the capital 's Baladiyat district .	prep_postp:before:after	2975
Brendan Fleming is 81 , born just a few years before Kerouac .	Brendan Fleming is 81 , born just a few years after Kerouac .	prep_postp:before:after	2976
Faldo was all smiles before a brilliant final day display from his charges .	Faldo was all smiles after a brilliant final day display from his charges .	prep_postp:before:after	2977
He has a 10.19 ERA before that stretch .	He has a 10.19 ERA during that stretch .	prep_postp:before:during	2978
All will be thrown out before the show .	All will be thrown out after the show .	prep_postp:before:after	2979
The final decision is to be made before a three-month comment period .	The final decision is to be made after a three-month comment period .	prep_postp:before:after	2980
But she split from Mr Pollock earlier this year before months of rowing .	But she split from Mr Pollock earlier this year after months of rowing .	prep_postp:before:after	2981
Before that , games were played indoors .	After that , games were played indoors .	prep_postp:before:after	2982
" " There is still eight months of preparation before Beijing .	" " There is still eight months of preparation after Beijing .	prep_postp:before:after	2983
Mr Boutcher was the " silver " commander before the operation .	Mr Boutcher was the " silver " commander during the operation .	prep_postp:before:during	2984
" It brought tears to my eyes , " Moorman said before practice .	" It brought tears to my eyes , " Moorman said after practice .	prep_postp:before:after	2985
And that is just before the press conference !	And that is just after the press conference !	prep_postp:before:after	2986
Applied Media earned the designation before its second year of existence .	Applied Media earned the designation after its second year of existence .	prep_postp:before:after	2987
Groundbreaking is expected before the end of the year .	Groundbreaking is expected after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	2988
Matee Ajavon scored 7 points before the spurt .	Matee Ajavon scored 7 points during the spurt .	prep_postp:before:during	2989
Their story had a tragic ending before Washington 's death .	Their story had a tragic ending after Washington 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	2990
Several others are expected to make the trek before the next several weeks .	Several others are expected to make the trek during the next several weeks .	prep_postp:before:during	2991
UAE leaders congratulate Malian President Most smokers begin smoking before age 18 .	UAE leaders congratulate Malian President Most smokers begin smoking after age 18 .	prep_postp:before:after	2992
Its direction was no clearer before the call .	Its direction was no clearer after the call .	prep_postp:before:after	2993
Part of Adrian 's fitness regimen was doing pushups before a 20-minute walk .	Part of Adrian 's fitness regimen was doing pushups after a 20-minute walk .	prep_postp:before:after	2994
The Kings picked up only two victories before Artest 's penalty .	The Kings picked up only two victories during Artest 's penalty .	prep_postp:before:during	2995
Christina Kim was two strokes back before a 66 .	Christina Kim was two strokes back after a 66 .	prep_postp:before:after	2996
Four years before its formation , the Council is coming into its own .	Four years after its formation , the Council is coming into its own .	prep_postp:before:after	2997
Loan period at Southampton extended before impressive showings in injury-hit side .	Loan period at Southampton extended after impressive showings in injury-hit side .	prep_postp:before:after	2998
Yet another universe will see the motorist recover before treatment in hospital .	Yet another universe will see the motorist recover after treatment in hospital .	prep_postp:before:after	2999
Even before Halloween , the Castro was grappling with violence and crime .	Even after Halloween , the Castro was grappling with violence and crime .	prep_postp:before:after	3000
Eleven seconds before end of the penalty , Rupp tangled with Sutton .	Eleven seconds after end of the penalty , Rupp tangled with Sutton .	prep_postp:before:after	3001
A month before that , 14 marines were killed in Basilan .	A month after that , 14 marines were killed in Basilan .	prep_postp:before:after	3002
England 's Laura Davies tied for fifth place before a 70 .	England 's Laura Davies tied for fifth place after a 70 .	prep_postp:before:after	3003
Before dinner , stay overnight and enjoy a cooking demonstration the next day .	After dinner , stay overnight and enjoy a cooking demonstration the next day .	prep_postp:before:after	3004
1929 - Amanullah flees before civil unrest over his reforms .	1929 - Amanullah flees after civil unrest over his reforms .	prep_postp:before:after	3005
The arrests came before a tip from local residents .	The arrests came after a tip from local residents .	prep_postp:before:after	3006
" It is really quite impressive , " he said before the hearing .	" It is really quite impressive , " he said after the hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	3007
Edsall left Rentschler Field a little before midnight , he said .	Edsall left Rentschler Field a little after midnight , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	3008
Autonomy 's OEM Program continued to grow before Q3 2007 .	Autonomy 's OEM Program continued to grow during Q3 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	3009
Of this group , 646 died before the length of the study .	Of this group , 646 died during the length of the study .	prep_postp:before:during	3010
Twelve other cases were dropped by the plaintiffs before trial , he said .	Twelve other cases were dropped by the plaintiffs after trial , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	3011
Continental will operate each aircraft until shortly before its delivery date .	Continental will operate each aircraft until shortly after its delivery date .	prep_postp:before:after	3012
Nine months before Kay 's epiphany , Rick had his own .	Nine months after Kay 's epiphany , Rick had his own .	prep_postp:before:after	3013
Before severe weather , Progress Energy takes specific steps to restore power .	After severe weather , Progress Energy takes specific steps to restore power .	prep_postp:before:after	3014
He was admitted to a psychiatric clinic before the destructive rampage for evaluation .	He was admitted to a psychiatric clinic after the destructive rampage for evaluation .	prep_postp:before:after	3015
Bonds fell before the positive home sales report .	Bonds fell after the positive home sales report .	prep_postp:before:after	3016
Sarah was born on October 23 1985 , exactly 25 years before Sandra .	Sarah was born on October 23 1985 , exactly 25 years after Sandra .	prep_postp:before:after	3017
We have talked about this before over lunch .	We have talked about this after over lunch .	prep_postp:before:after	3018
The couple almost did not get married at all before an 11-year engagement .	The couple almost did not get married at all after an 11-year engagement .	prep_postp:before:after	3019
Metro ordered changes in procedures before the accident .	Metro ordered changes in procedures after the accident .	prep_postp:before:after	3020
Things are literally being built before our eyes .	Things are literally being built after our eyes .	prep_postp:before:after	3021
Before that , it is hard to tell .	After that , it is hard to tell .	prep_postp:before:after	3022
Before each shout , they listened closely for rustling brush .	After each shout , they listened closely for rustling brush .	prep_postp:before:after	3023
The stores will remain open before the renovations , the company said .	The stores will remain open during the renovations , the company said .	prep_postp:before:during	3024
Haddow told detectives that he had " just snapped " before the attack .	Haddow told detectives that he had " just snapped " after the attack .	prep_postp:before:after	3025
Before months of investigations , 7,300 names have been removed .	After months of investigations , 7,300 names have been removed .	prep_postp:before:after	3026
It is not normally seen before September .	It is not normally seen after September .	prep_postp:before:after	3027
Before the final game , Chicago manager Ozzie Guillen offered a candid analysis .	After the final game , Chicago manager Ozzie Guillen offered a candid analysis .	prep_postp:before:after	3028
The accident occurred before heavy rains .	The accident occurred during heavy rains .	prep_postp:before:during	3029
Federal spending has risen before every modern presidency , even Ronald Reagan 's .	Federal spending has risen during every modern presidency , even Ronald Reagan 's .	prep_postp:before:during	3030
Cleveland was selected before a national competitive bid process .	Cleveland was selected after a national competitive bid process .	prep_postp:before:after	3031
Before the program , panelists will take audience questions .	After the program , panelists will take audience questions .	prep_postp:before:after	3032
Browne planned to raise the issue in court Monday before a pretrial hearing .	Browne planned to raise the issue in court Monday during a pretrial hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	3033
A Williams clash looms before that .	A Williams clash looms after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3034
Her TV character has released two top-selling albums before the past year .	Her TV character has released two top-selling albums during the past year .	prep_postp:before:during	3035
Before Dayton , there was a peace to keep , and it held .	After Dayton , there was a peace to keep , and it held .	prep_postp:before:after	3036
The Terrapins never trailed before that .	The Terrapins never trailed after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3037
Yushchenko fired her before just seven months in office .	Yushchenko fired her after just seven months in office .	prep_postp:before:after	3038
Volunteers with spotting scopes are on hand many weekends before February and March .	Volunteers with spotting scopes are on hand many weekends during February and March .	prep_postp:before:during	3039
Before just a few months , I discovered I was pregnant .	After just a few months , I discovered I was pregnant .	prep_postp:before:after	3040
Parking fines fell sharply in 2005 before several years of substantial year-on-year increases .	Parking fines fell sharply in 2005 after several years of substantial year-on-year increases .	prep_postp:before:after	3041
A pub has been damaged and football fans assaulted before trouble in Londonderry .	A pub has been damaged and football fans assaulted during trouble in Londonderry .	prep_postp:before:during	3042
Nickles was among the first appointments Fenty made before his election as mayor .	Nickles was among the first appointments Fenty made after his election as mayor .	prep_postp:before:after	3043
He was in Texas appearing before a gathering of U.S. attorneys .	He was in Texas appearing after a gathering of U.S. attorneys .	prep_postp:before:after	3044
Hours before the shooting , the user 's account was suspended .	Hours after the shooting , the user 's account was suspended .	prep_postp:before:after	3045
Before the summer , you see thousands of bikes .	During the summer , you see thousands of bikes .	prep_postp:before:during	3046
Terry 's injury came before a first half collision with Clint Dempsey .	Terry 's injury came after a first half collision with Clint Dempsey .	prep_postp:before:after	3047
The interstate was shut down before the crash , Adams said .	The interstate was shut down after the crash , Adams said .	prep_postp:before:after	3048
Efforts to restore the synagogue completely began before German reunification .	Efforts to restore the synagogue completely began after German reunification .	prep_postp:before:after	3049
Cadbury is under pressure to cut costs before several years of poor performance .	Cadbury is under pressure to cut costs after several years of poor performance .	prep_postp:before:after	3050
Financial services stocks were among the hardest hit before the session .	Financial services stocks were among the hardest hit during the session .	prep_postp:before:during	3051
This increase was due to purchases before the period .	This increase was due to purchases during the period .	prep_postp:before:during	3052
The campaign moved through a dozen U.S. cities before the summer of 2007 .	The campaign moved through a dozen U.S. cities during the summer of 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	3053
But all of them also made megaprofits before the mortgage bubble .	But all of them also made megaprofits during the mortgage bubble .	prep_postp:before:during	3054
EZ Pass drivers now pay $ 5 per trip before rush hour .	EZ Pass drivers now pay $ 5 per trip during rush hour .	prep_postp:before:during	3055
Before a recent discussion , drugs , violence and poverty were running themes .	During a recent discussion , drugs , violence and poverty were running themes .	prep_postp:before:during	3056
It probably will not before Iowa , realistically speaking .	It probably will not after Iowa , realistically speaking .	prep_postp:before:after	3057
And he does not suspect that any answers will come before Thursday night .	And he does not suspect that any answers will come after Thursday night .	prep_postp:before:after	3058
Soldiers captured the man in a raid before dawn in Karbala .	Soldiers captured the man in a raid after dawn in Karbala .	prep_postp:before:after	3059
Before that time , he also served as president of its U.S. subsidiaries .	During that time , he also served as president of its U.S. subsidiaries .	prep_postp:before:during	3060
Prospective investors should read such materials carefully before investing .	Prospective investors should read such materials carefully after investing .	prep_postp:before:after	3061
The Company opened 18 stores and closed 20 stores before the 26-week period .	The Company opened 18 stores and closed 20 stores during the 26-week period .	prep_postp:before:during	3062
They used material Neuwirth obtained before a summer fellowship in South Africa .	They used material Neuwirth obtained during a summer fellowship in South Africa .	prep_postp:before:during	3063
Before drilling , there was no sign of hydrocarbons .	After drilling , there was no sign of hydrocarbons .	prep_postp:before:after	3064
Mr. Bush , before a news conference , appeared unconcerned .	Mr. Bush , during a news conference , appeared unconcerned .	prep_postp:before:during	3065
Spectators joined in singing the national anthem shortly before their arrival .	Spectators joined in singing the national anthem shortly after their arrival .	prep_postp:before:after	3066
They cut strangers off before a single violation .	They cut strangers off after a single violation .	prep_postp:before:after	3067
Before the verdict , Alice-Anne 's father discussed his daughter 's final moments .	After the verdict , Alice-Anne 's father discussed his daughter 's final moments .	prep_postp:before:after	3068
Registration will be required so please allow extra time before the presentation .	Registration will be required so please allow extra time after the presentation .	prep_postp:before:after	3069
I do that before a day in front of the computer .	I do that after a day in front of the computer .	prep_postp:before:after	3070
These children are likely to die before their parents .	These children are likely to die after their parents .	prep_postp:before:after	3071
The Company plans to distribute its earnings announcement before the conference call .	The Company plans to distribute its earnings announcement after the conference call .	prep_postp:before:after	3072
Police released this mug shot of O.J. Simpson before his arrest .	Police released this mug shot of O.J. Simpson after his arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	3073
Spouses and children could be sent away before an arrest or an execution .	Spouses and children could be sent away after an arrest or an execution .	prep_postp:before:after	3074
He was arrested two months before the schoolgirl 's murder .	He was arrested two months after the schoolgirl 's murder .	prep_postp:before:after	3075
Miss McNicol 's mother died before her disappearance .	Miss McNicol 's mother died after her disappearance .	prep_postp:before:after	3076
It will come to the floor before November 16th .	It will come to the floor after November 16th .	prep_postp:before:after	3077
Hundreds more were expected to be in compliance before Saturday 's session .	Hundreds more were expected to be in compliance after Saturday 's session .	prep_postp:before:after	3078
Neitzel was the last person Peterson shot before his Oct. 7 rampage .	Neitzel was the last person Peterson shot during his Oct. 7 rampage .	prep_postp:before:during	3079
Bernanke offered no hints before a speech in Germany on Tuesday .	Bernanke offered no hints during a speech in Germany on Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:during	3080
Domestic long distance minutes represented 94 % of total traffic before the quarter .	Domestic long distance minutes represented 94 % of total traffic during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	3081
Tell the students in the year below about School Report before an assembly .	Tell the students in the year below about School Report during an assembly .	prep_postp:before:during	3082
He recalled the misdemeanour before the recent party conference .	He recalled the misdemeanour during the recent party conference .	prep_postp:before:during	3083
It happened just before 7pm on Boxing Day .	It happened just after 7pm on Boxing Day .	prep_postp:before:after	3084
Before a five-year investigation , police filed criminal charges .	After a five-year investigation , police filed criminal charges .	prep_postp:before:after	3085
Or third , the coupon was lost before travel .	Or third , the coupon was lost during travel .	prep_postp:before:during	3086
Haradinaj resigned before his indictment in 2005 .	Haradinaj resigned after his indictment in 2005 .	prep_postp:before:after	3087
Before the war , Aanenson finished his education at Louisiana State University .	After the war , Aanenson finished his education at Louisiana State University .	prep_postp:before:after	3088
The trial , before Lord Uist , continues .	The trial , after Lord Uist , continues .	prep_postp:before:after	3089
1939 - Shortly before the start of World War II , Italy invades .	1939 - Shortly after the start of World War II , Italy invades .	prep_postp:before:after	3090
Before his junior year , Ayala calling himself Morales switched high schools .	After his junior year , Ayala calling himself Morales switched high schools .	prep_postp:before:after	3091
Read it carefully before investing .	Read it carefully after investing .	prep_postp:before:after	3092
He is named is Carlos Raul , before his grandfather .	He is named is Carlos Raul , after his grandfather .	prep_postp:before:after	3093
Now it is unlikely that legislation will be passed before the election .	Now it is unlikely that legislation will be passed after the election .	prep_postp:before:after	3094
Matienzo will be presenting to several area schools before the NASA tour .	Matienzo will be presenting to several area schools during the NASA tour .	prep_postp:before:during	3095
He plans to head home before Sunday 's final round .	He plans to head home after Sunday 's final round .	prep_postp:before:after	3096
Are women who experience postpartum psychosis predisposed to it before their pregnancies ?	Are women who experience postpartum psychosis predisposed to it after their pregnancies ?	prep_postp:before:after	3097
Interviewing was completed before the period of September 27-30 , 2007 .	Interviewing was completed during the period of September 27-30 , 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	3098
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir asked Mbeki for more support before a two-day visit .	Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir asked Mbeki for more support during a two-day visit .	prep_postp:before:during	3099
Even better , he was caught smuggling weapons before his appointment .	Even better , he was caught smuggling weapons after his appointment .	prep_postp:before:after	3100
He can be activated any time before that period .	He can be activated any time during that period .	prep_postp:before:during	3101
The bill is now before the Senate .	The bill is now after the Senate .	prep_postp:before:after	3102
Before that , they immediately went to work .	After that , they immediately went to work .	prep_postp:before:after	3103
Before that time , dishes and glassware are inundated with high-temperature steam .	During that time , dishes and glassware are inundated with high-temperature steam .	prep_postp:before:during	3104
Read the short and direct note before the jump .	Read the short and direct note after the jump .	prep_postp:before:after	3105
Brown had carries of 14 and 13 yards before the march .	Brown had carries of 14 and 13 yards during the march .	prep_postp:before:during	3106
" Well , well , " he said before a minute .	" Well , well , " he said after a minute .	prep_postp:before:after	3107
Colleges were in session before the 2004 caucuses .	Colleges were in session during the 2004 caucuses .	prep_postp:before:during	3108
The expansion plan was announced immediately before the summit .	The expansion plan was announced immediately after the summit .	prep_postp:before:after	3109
The teams were scheduled to play before the 2000 season -- at Villanova .	The teams were scheduled to play during the 2000 season -- at Villanova .	prep_postp:before:during	3110
The team was announced by the captain Betsy King before the Safeway Classic .	The team was announced by the captain Betsy King after the Safeway Classic .	prep_postp:before:after	3111
There were no signs of anything before that .	There were no signs of anything after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3112
Even before Friday 's report , economists had been trimming their growth forecasts .	Even after Friday 's report , economists had been trimming their growth forecasts .	prep_postp:before:after	3113
-- If you can fly before non rush hours , do it .	-- If you can fly during non rush hours , do it .	prep_postp:before:during	3114
" That is wrong , " he tells them before another one .	" That is wrong , " he tells them after another one .	prep_postp:before:after	3115
Both players hit 14 aces before the match .	Both players hit 14 aces during the match .	prep_postp:before:during	3116
Before a session with Ms. Penberg , she mentioned her stifling debt .	During a session with Ms. Penberg , she mentioned her stifling debt .	prep_postp:before:during	3117
Before dinner , he and Bhutto had a loud argument about politics .	During dinner , he and Bhutto had a loud argument about politics .	prep_postp:before:during	3118
Before last week 's earnings announcements , financial services stocks took a dive .	After last week 's earnings announcements , financial services stocks took a dive .	prep_postp:before:after	3119
She proved it before this World Cup .	She proved it during this World Cup .	prep_postp:before:during	3120
A steel girder fell before the search on Monday .	A steel girder fell during the search on Monday .	prep_postp:before:during	3121
Black graffiti welcomes her home before an eight-year absence .	Black graffiti welcomes her home after an eight-year absence .	prep_postp:before:after	3122
But before his absence Monday , complaints over Larijani 's replacement mounted .	But during his absence Monday , complaints over Larijani 's replacement mounted .	prep_postp:before:during	3123
Most of them were later released before interrogation and warnings .	Most of them were later released after interrogation and warnings .	prep_postp:before:after	3124
EBITDA represents earnings before interest , income taxes , depreciation and amortization .	EBITDA represents earnings after interest , income taxes , depreciation and amortization .	prep_postp:before:after	3125
Before that , sales plunged faster than Enron stock .	After that , sales plunged faster than Enron stock .	prep_postp:before:after	3126
The law remains in effect before the appeals process .	The law remains in effect during the appeals process .	prep_postp:before:during	3127
Before that time , a total of 2,505 individuals started antihypertensive drug treatment .	During that time , a total of 2,505 individuals started antihypertensive drug treatment .	prep_postp:before:during	3128
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg quoted from the brief before oral argument .	Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg quoted from the brief during oral argument .	prep_postp:before:during	3129
Miami led most of the way against Buffalo before folding , 13-10 .	Miami led most of the way against Buffalo after folding , 13-10 .	prep_postp:before:after	3130
Judith gasped before the seventh course .	Judith gasped after the seventh course .	prep_postp:before:after	3131
Before late 2005 , suicide attacks were virtually unheard of in Afghanistan .	After late 2005 , suicide attacks were virtually unheard of in Afghanistan .	prep_postp:before:after	3132
Phillips is 16-for-30 before the streak .	Phillips is 16-for-30 during the streak .	prep_postp:before:during	3133
She named a teddy bear Muhammad before a class vote .	She named a teddy bear Muhammad after a class vote .	prep_postp:before:after	3134
FP : We 'll find out more about it before the break .	FP : We 'll find out more about it after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	3135
So there we were talking about how we feel before a game .	So there we were talking about how we feel after a game .	prep_postp:before:after	3136
Before Perez Roque 's attack on Wednesday , the U.S. seat was empty .	During Perez Roque 's attack on Wednesday , the U.S. seat was empty .	prep_postp:before:during	3137
Soon before that visit , the infamous Abu Ghraib photos were taken .	Soon after that visit , the infamous Abu Ghraib photos were taken .	prep_postp:before:after	3138
Both sides suffered hiccups before the campaign .	Both sides suffered hiccups during the campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	3139
The fighting ended before about six hours , military officials said .	The fighting ended after about six hours , military officials said .	prep_postp:before:after	3140
Both fixed and variable annuity sales were up before the quarter .	Both fixed and variable annuity sales were up during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	3141
Before the war , Mr Silberstein settled in Israel .	After the war , Mr Silberstein settled in Israel .	prep_postp:before:after	3142
The training would not begin before early 2009 .	The training would not begin after early 2009 .	prep_postp:before:after	3143
Product loyalty ought to go out of the window before the week too .	Product loyalty ought to go out of the window during the week too .	prep_postp:before:during	3144
Eight different players took a piece of the lead before Saturday 's round .	Eight different players took a piece of the lead during Saturday 's round .	prep_postp:before:during	3145
AMANDA : Before the storm , we struggled , but we made it .	AMANDA : After the storm , we struggled , but we made it .	prep_postp:before:after	3146
A new bull market began before the end of the year .	A new bull market began after the end of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	3147
We played our cards right before the race .	We played our cards right during the race .	prep_postp:before:during	3148
Pension protest Before his fourth field goal , the Redskins trailed by 17-12 .	Pension protest After his fourth field goal , the Redskins trailed by 17-12 .	prep_postp:before:after	3149
A black stone indicates when she was raped there before her next birthday .	A black stone indicates when she was raped there after her next birthday .	prep_postp:before:after	3150
Modano set the mark before a four-game road trip .	Modano set the mark during a four-game road trip .	prep_postp:before:during	3151
Before a hike , he displayed signs of elevated body temperature -- hyperthermia .	During a hike , he displayed signs of elevated body temperature -- hyperthermia .	prep_postp:before:during	3152
Laura and I are honored to be here before the moment of reflection .	Laura and I are honored to be here during the moment of reflection .	prep_postp:before:during	3153
Before D-Day , the machines helped track German troop movements .	After D-Day , the machines helped track German troop movements .	prep_postp:before:after	3154
The Company repaid $ 100 million in notes before the third quarter .	The Company repaid $ 100 million in notes during the third quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	3155
McDonald 's third came from the penalty spot before a foul by Craigan .	McDonald 's third came from the penalty spot after a foul by Craigan .	prep_postp:before:after	3156
He injured his left wrist shortly before training camp .	He injured his left wrist shortly after training camp .	prep_postp:before:after	3157
The country also gave safe haven to Jews before World War II .	The country also gave safe haven to Jews during World War II .	prep_postp:before:during	3158
Shortly before that , Ceballos took her daughter and quickly left the store .	Shortly after that , Ceballos took her daughter and quickly left the store .	prep_postp:before:after	3159
Mr Kirsch was due to appear before Aldershot magistrates on Friday .	Mr Kirsch was due to appear after Aldershot magistrates on Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	3160
An Afghan soldier was also killed before the clashes .	An Afghan soldier was also killed during the clashes .	prep_postp:before:during	3161
It is now pending before the full House .	It is now pending after the full House .	prep_postp:before:after	3162
Petrol bombs and fireworks have been thrown at police before trouble in Lurgan .	Petrol bombs and fireworks have been thrown at police during trouble in Lurgan .	prep_postp:before:during	3163
Before that , they had not won the title for 86 years .	After that , they had not won the title for 86 years .	prep_postp:before:after	3164
Defense attorney Jim Glover declined to comment before the hearing .	Defense attorney Jim Glover declined to comment after the hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	3165
Goodman was freed on bail the day before his arrest .	Goodman was freed on bail the day after his arrest .	prep_postp:before:after	3166
Begum Nusrat Bhutto took control of her husband 's party before his death .	Begum Nusrat Bhutto took control of her husband 's party after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	3167
He spent 15 months on the run before his arrest in August 2006 .	He spent 15 months on the run after his arrest in August 2006 .	prep_postp:before:after	3168
And it comes out before football .	And it comes out during football .	prep_postp:before:during	3169
Before a heated struggle , the detectives managed to handcuff him .	After a heated struggle , the detectives managed to handcuff him .	prep_postp:before:after	3170
Vipond faces hectic D-day He will appear before Southport Magistrates court on Monday .	Vipond faces hectic D-day He will appear after Southport Magistrates court on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	3171
" Uh , finish before Tuesday , " he said .	" Uh , finish after Tuesday , " he said .	prep_postp:before:after	3172
Then look at them every Monday morning before the new year .	Then look at them every Monday morning during the new year .	prep_postp:before:during	3173
Before weeks of heated debate , parliament voted to meet this demand .	After weeks of heated debate , parliament voted to meet this demand .	prep_postp:before:after	3174
Now I know what is the calm before the storm .	Now I know what is the calm after the storm .	prep_postp:before:after	3175
That figure was later reduced to 135 compulsory losses before union negotiations .	That figure was later reduced to 135 compulsory losses after union negotiations .	prep_postp:before:after	3176
Boston was hit by heavy flooding before the summer .	Boston was hit by heavy flooding during the summer .	prep_postp:before:during	3177
Florida closed its juvenile boot camps before Martin Anderson 's death .	Florida closed its juvenile boot camps after Martin Anderson 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	3178
Ernster had been re-signed before the release of Todd Sauerbrun .	Ernster had been re-signed after the release of Todd Sauerbrun .	prep_postp:before:after	3179
Before last year , you cannot dismiss that with this Heat cast .	After last year , you cannot dismiss that with this Heat cast .	prep_postp:before:after	3180
Even before Iraq , they had spent six months training in Mississippi .	Even after Iraq , they had spent six months training in Mississippi .	prep_postp:before:after	3181
Hoeveler declared Noriega a POW before his 1992 U.S. drug conviction .	Hoeveler declared Noriega a POW after his 1992 U.S. drug conviction .	prep_postp:before:after	3182
Yet , before halftime , there was nothing .	Yet , after halftime , there was nothing .	prep_postp:before:after	3183
Aiken did not know what to expect before his first visit to Uganda .	Aiken did not know what to expect during his first visit to Uganda .	prep_postp:before:during	3184
, was found in the Euphrates River almost two weeks before his disappearance .	, was found in the Euphrates River almost two weeks after his disappearance .	prep_postp:before:after	3185
The results were announced before the close of regular stock trading .	The results were announced after the close of regular stock trading .	prep_postp:before:after	3186
It expects net proceeds of about $ 2.5 billion before taxes .	It expects net proceeds of about $ 2.5 billion after taxes .	prep_postp:before:after	3187
As usual before any Ravens-Steelers game , there has been considerable jabbering .	As usual after any Ravens-Steelers game , there has been considerable jabbering .	prep_postp:before:after	3188
Mickelson made several 5-foot putts to save par before the round .	Mickelson made several 5-foot putts to save par during the round .	prep_postp:before:during	3189
This is , however , just a calm before the storm .	This is , however , just a calm after the storm .	prep_postp:before:after	3190
McClaren believes Young deserves a chance before his impressive performances for the Under-21s .	McClaren believes Young deserves a chance after his impressive performances for the Under-21s .	prep_postp:before:after	3191
Before a shot-clock violation , Cash missed , but Ford grabbed the rebound .	After a shot-clock violation , Cash missed , but Ford grabbed the rebound .	prep_postp:before:after	3192
Gambari 's visit comes before a precarious diplomatic situation in Myanmar .	Gambari 's visit comes during a precarious diplomatic situation in Myanmar .	prep_postp:before:during	3193
Cars are engulfed in flames in Beirut before an explosion Wednesday .	Cars are engulfed in flames in Beirut after an explosion Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	3194
A demonstrator throws a bottle Tuesday before a protest in Caracas , Venezuela .	A demonstrator throws a bottle Tuesday during a protest in Caracas , Venezuela .	prep_postp:before:during	3195
And he served as U.S. ambassador to Britain before the Clinton administration .	And he served as U.S. ambassador to Britain during the Clinton administration .	prep_postp:before:during	3196
Thousands of Chileans homeless before quake , mayor says See that wee moose .	Thousands of Chileans homeless after quake , mayor says See that wee moose .	prep_postp:before:after	3197
The Cardinals almost ran out of time before Fitzgerald 's catch .	The Cardinals almost ran out of time after Fitzgerald 's catch .	prep_postp:before:after	3198
He died on Tuesday , four days before the snake bit him .	He died on Tuesday , four days after the snake bit him .	prep_postp:before:after	3199
Please respect our desire for privacy before this difficult time .	Please respect our desire for privacy during this difficult time .	prep_postp:before:during	3200
' " Before trading possessions , Rondo hit Allen for a 3-pointer .	' " After trading possessions , Rondo hit Allen for a 3-pointer .	prep_postp:before:after	3201
That tank was kept unheated before the fuel-shifting process .	That tank was kept unheated during the fuel-shifting process .	prep_postp:before:during	3202
Before that , no Capital is in double digits .	After that , no Capital is in double digits .	prep_postp:before:after	3203
The family clearly needed to move out before the first suicide .	The family clearly needed to move out after the first suicide .	prep_postp:before:after	3204
If they discover the mold before harvesting , producers could collect crop insurance .	If they discover the mold after harvesting , producers could collect crop insurance .	prep_postp:before:after	3205
" " Anything else would be a downer before that .	" " Anything else would be a downer after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3206
" " Before a while , you just give up .	" " After a while , you just give up .	prep_postp:before:after	3207
Sutton retired as Oklahoma State 's coach before the 2005-06 season .	Sutton retired as Oklahoma State 's coach after the 2005-06 season .	prep_postp:before:after	3208
The jury reached its decision before less than a day of deliberations .	The jury reached its decision after less than a day of deliberations .	prep_postp:before:after	3209
Before a 3-0 start , Alabama lost its first game under Saban .	After a 3-0 start , Alabama lost its first game under Saban .	prep_postp:before:after	3210
Officials said that she passed a mandatory Breathalyzer test before the shooting .	Officials said that she passed a mandatory Breathalyzer test after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	3211
Both surveys polled 1,000 people before October and November .	Both surveys polled 1,000 people during October and November .	prep_postp:before:during	3212
Only 178,749 Deuce V-8s were manufactured before its 10-month production run .	Only 178,749 Deuce V-8s were manufactured during its 10-month production run .	prep_postp:before:during	3213
Yuma needs about 50,000 pickers before lettuce harvest .	Yuma needs about 50,000 pickers during lettuce harvest .	prep_postp:before:during	3214
It is the smallest Red Sox lead since before play on April 26 .	It is the smallest Red Sox lead since after play on April 26 .	prep_postp:before:after	3215
Before Brixton , the band is scheduled to play Manchester and Glasgow .	After Brixton , the band is scheduled to play Manchester and Glasgow .	prep_postp:before:after	3216
Attorney General-nominee Michael Mukasey testifies before the Senate Judiciary Committee Thursday .	Attorney General-nominee Michael Mukasey testifies after the Senate Judiciary Committee Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	3217
Before the inning , Clemens told a Yankees trainer about the problem .	After the inning , Clemens told a Yankees trainer about the problem .	prep_postp:before:after	3218
Three seeded players were out of the tournament before Wednesday , however .	Three seeded players were out of the tournament after Wednesday , however .	prep_postp:before:after	3219
In many ways , he was a man before his time .	In many ways , he was a man after his time .	prep_postp:before:after	3220
Gareth Larmour from Warminster appeared before Bristol Crown Court on Friday for sentencing .	Gareth Larmour from Warminster appeared after Bristol Crown Court on Friday for sentencing .	prep_postp:before:after	3221
FIDAL imposed the ban on July 18 before a hearing with Gibilisco .	FIDAL imposed the ban on July 18 after a hearing with Gibilisco .	prep_postp:before:after	3222
Before fundraisers for Wamp , Martin got to know Thompson .	During fundraisers for Wamp , Martin got to know Thompson .	prep_postp:before:during	3223
Before cotton , bananas are the second most sprayed crop in the world .	After cotton , bananas are the second most sprayed crop in the world .	prep_postp:before:after	3224
Manager Willie Randolph spoke to the team before the game .	Manager Willie Randolph spoke to the team after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3225
Gambari had met with Than Shwe and Suu Kyi separately before his visit .	Gambari had met with Than Shwe and Suu Kyi separately during his visit .	prep_postp:before:during	3226
No shots were fired before the incident , she said .	No shots were fired during the incident , she said .	prep_postp:before:during	3227
Slain Child Alters Lives Before Va .	Slain Child Alters Lives After Va .	prep_postp:before:after	3228
Attendants are on staff to service each stall before every use .	Attendants are on staff to service each stall after every use .	prep_postp:before:after	3229
Before the Franco government , expression was tightly controlled .	During the Franco government , expression was tightly controlled .	prep_postp:before:during	3230
The shipment was stopped before detection of the theft .	The shipment was stopped after detection of the theft .	prep_postp:before:after	3231
, and served in the Army Field Artillery Corps before the Korean War .	, and served in the Army Field Artillery Corps during the Korean War .	prep_postp:before:during	3232
A priest drinks a small amount of the wine before the mass .	A priest drinks a small amount of the wine during the mass .	prep_postp:before:during	3233
1960 - President Syngman Ree steps down before student protests against electoral fraud .	1960 - President Syngman Ree steps down after student protests against electoral fraud .	prep_postp:before:after	3234
Before eating , Sergeant White returned to his post .	After eating , Sergeant White returned to his post .	prep_postp:before:after	3235
The board is to announce its decision Friday before a secret ballot .	The board is to announce its decision Friday after a secret ballot .	prep_postp:before:after	3236
Another 402 improvised explosive devices were discovered before detonation .	Another 402 improvised explosive devices were discovered after detonation .	prep_postp:before:after	3237
The road was closed for several hours before the accident .	The road was closed for several hours after the accident .	prep_postp:before:after	3238
Even before years in prison , inmates often need drug treatment .	Even after years in prison , inmates often need drug treatment .	prep_postp:before:after	3239
Hamilton Started His Last Lap Just Before The End Of The Session .	Hamilton Started His Last Lap Just After The End Of The Session .	prep_postp:before:after	3240
The Trojans fell from 12th to 19th before a 24-17 loss at Oregon .	The Trojans fell from 12th to 19th after a 24-17 loss at Oregon .	prep_postp:before:after	3241
Why leave the choice of goalkeeper until late before the match ?	Why leave the choice of goalkeeper until late after the match ?	prep_postp:before:after	3242
Levet is three shots off the lead before a disappointing round of 76 .	Levet is three shots off the lead after a disappointing round of 76 .	prep_postp:before:after	3243
Before mid-November , he has nothing solid scheduled .	After mid-November , he has nothing solid scheduled .	prep_postp:before:after	3244
Police say McClinton impersonated a law enforcement officer before the alleged robbery .	Police say McClinton impersonated a law enforcement officer during the alleged robbery .	prep_postp:before:during	3245
The e-mails were released before a lengthy battle over public records access .	The e-mails were released after a lengthy battle over public records access .	prep_postp:before:after	3246
Before practices last week , Jets receivers mishandled a lot of his throws .	During practices last week , Jets receivers mishandled a lot of his throws .	prep_postp:before:during	3247
I was ready to stop five miles before that .	I was ready to stop five miles after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3248
Federline , her ex-husband , reached the courtroom a few minutes before Spears .	Federline , her ex-husband , reached the courtroom a few minutes after Spears .	prep_postp:before:after	3249
Beasley scored three goals for PSV Eindhoven before the 2004-5 Champions League .	Beasley scored three goals for PSV Eindhoven during the 2004-5 Champions League .	prep_postp:before:during	3250
Before the game , you can probably find him playing fantastical video games .	After the game , you can probably find him playing fantastical video games .	prep_postp:before:after	3251
Before session two , we simply discussed what I had written .	During session two , we simply discussed what I had written .	prep_postp:before:during	3252
The letter raises a series of questions about his performance before the case .	The letter raises a series of questions about his performance during the case .	prep_postp:before:during	3253
Baker did not hear from the Reds again until before the season .	Baker did not hear from the Reds again until after the season .	prep_postp:before:after	3254
His family decided to donate it to the Jerusalem institute before his death .	His family decided to donate it to the Jerusalem institute after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	3255
Before a candid conversation , we got our team back on track .	After a candid conversation , we got our team back on track .	prep_postp:before:after	3256
We became a caterpillar before Three Mile Island .	We became a caterpillar after Three Mile Island .	prep_postp:before:after	3257
We prosecuted Japanese war criminals for waterboarding before World War II .	We prosecuted Japanese war criminals for waterboarding after World War II .	prep_postp:before:after	3258
Croft 's victim was left with scarring before the assault .	Croft 's victim was left with scarring after the assault .	prep_postp:before:after	3259
Before voting , people were sitting around and chatting .	After voting , people were sitting around and chatting .	prep_postp:before:after	3260
American magazines which burgeoned before the war .	American magazines which burgeoned after the war .	prep_postp:before:after	3261
But consider the increases in the wealth of Americans before that period .	But consider the increases in the wealth of Americans during that period .	prep_postp:before:during	3262
And 12 days before Isla 's birth , she started running again .	And 12 days after Isla 's birth , she started running again .	prep_postp:before:after	3263
Because before that , there are bigger goals we want to accomplish .	Because after that , there are bigger goals we want to accomplish .	prep_postp:before:after	3264
He was captured in the Netherlands before a drugs raid .	He was captured in the Netherlands during a drugs raid .	prep_postp:before:during	3265
He was released before an hour .	He was released after an hour .	prep_postp:before:after	3266
Negroponte is also expected to meet political leaders before his stay in Islamabad .	Negroponte is also expected to meet political leaders during his stay in Islamabad .	prep_postp:before:during	3267
Bell had his contract purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game .	Bell had his contract purchased from Triple-A Norfolk after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3268
Last year , before the same time period , police made 385 arrests .	Last year , during the same time period , police made 385 arrests .	prep_postp:before:during	3269
The House was quiet as a mouse the day before Christmas .	The House was quiet as a mouse the day after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	3270
The shares fell to $ 32.65 before hours .	The shares fell to $ 32.65 after hours .	prep_postp:before:after	3271
Before the Debate : RBS is furious with BA .	During the Debate : RBS is furious with BA .	prep_postp:before:during	3272
A single silver , flag-draped coffin was set before the men 's families .	A single silver , flag-draped coffin was set after the men 's families .	prep_postp:before:after	3273
He loved to throw dinner parties before an opening night at the opera .	He loved to throw dinner parties after an opening night at the opera .	prep_postp:before:after	3274
Before declaration of emergency rule , our channel has been taken off air .	After declaration of emergency rule , our channel has been taken off air .	prep_postp:before:after	3275
The film is about a Jewish college professor before the 1960s .	The film is about a Jewish college professor during the 1960s .	prep_postp:before:during	3276
It is even better to be able to buy before those down periods .	It is even better to be able to buy during those down periods .	prep_postp:before:during	3277
At LaGuardia Airport , check-in lines were beginning to build shortly before daybreak .	At LaGuardia Airport , check-in lines were beginning to build shortly after daybreak .	prep_postp:before:after	3278
Before a while , however , management decided that Baby 's had cooled .	After a while , however , management decided that Baby 's had cooled .	prep_postp:before:after	3279
Then came the controversy surrounding her absences before the presidential election campaign .	Then came the controversy surrounding her absences during the presidential election campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	3280
If adopted , that change would not come before the spring .	If adopted , that change would not come after the spring .	prep_postp:before:after	3281
We are really going before Wall Street , too .	We are really going after Wall Street , too .	prep_postp:before:after	3282
They noticed that patients started feeling less depressed the night before the injections .	They noticed that patients started feeling less depressed the night after the injections .	prep_postp:before:after	3283
A motorcyclist has died before a crash near Frome in Somerset .	A motorcyclist has died after a crash near Frome in Somerset .	prep_postp:before:after	3284
Before the game , tickets were selling for $ 50 .	After the game , tickets were selling for $ 50 .	prep_postp:before:after	3285
The fellowship will be awarded before the institute 's 2008 conference in Bournemouth .	The fellowship will be awarded during the institute 's 2008 conference in Bournemouth .	prep_postp:before:during	3286
Before that , air travel becomes more attractive .	After that , air travel becomes more attractive .	prep_postp:before:after	3287
Mr Harrold also had to surrender his passport before the brief court appearance .	Mr Harrold also had to surrender his passport during the brief court appearance .	prep_postp:before:during	3288
She rarely wears make-up and gave up Botox before the first try .	She rarely wears make-up and gave up Botox after the first try .	prep_postp:before:after	3289
I think Gul might take a rest before that .	I think Gul might take a rest after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3290
But he relented before meeting with Rodriguez and team trainers .	But he relented after meeting with Rodriguez and team trainers .	prep_postp:before:after	3291
Gary P. Cram will retire before a distinguished 24 year career with BMI .	Gary P. Cram will retire after a distinguished 24 year career with BMI .	prep_postp:before:after	3292
They married in Las Vegas , shortly before the release of Sleuth .	They married in Las Vegas , shortly after the release of Sleuth .	prep_postp:before:after	3293
Before the first week on Weight Watchers , he dropped 7 pounds .	During the first week on Weight Watchers , he dropped 7 pounds .	prep_postp:before:during	3294
were they supposed to swoon in submission before their opponents ' mercurial skills ?	were they supposed to swoon in submission after their opponents ' mercurial skills ?	prep_postp:before:after	3295
He has been critical to our success before the past six years .	He has been critical to our success during the past six years .	prep_postp:before:during	3296
Bonds was not the only one called to testify before the grand jury .	Bonds was not the only one called to testify after the grand jury .	prep_postp:before:after	3297
Attorney General Michael Mukasey speaks before his swearing-in ceremony Wednesday in Washington .	Attorney General Michael Mukasey speaks during his swearing-in ceremony Wednesday in Washington .	prep_postp:before:during	3298
Withers seemed to be everywhere before those years .	Withers seemed to be everywhere during those years .	prep_postp:before:during	3299
, emerged unswayed before meeting with Turkey 's ambassador , Nabi Sensoy .	, emerged unswayed after meeting with Turkey 's ambassador , Nabi Sensoy .	prep_postp:before:after	3300
Two people have been airlifted to hospital before an accident in Devon .	Two people have been airlifted to hospital after an accident in Devon .	prep_postp:before:after	3301
All were recorded one month before diagnosis .	All were recorded one month after diagnosis .	prep_postp:before:after	3302
A post-mortem examination found evidence of sexual activity before Ms Kercher 's death .	A post-mortem examination found evidence of sexual activity after Ms Kercher 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	3303
We have night-lights and candles on the table before meal times .	We have night-lights and candles on the table during meal times .	prep_postp:before:during	3304
Energy prices rose before earlier trading in negative territory .	Energy prices rose after earlier trading in negative territory .	prep_postp:before:after	3305
The game was 0-0 before regulation and extra time .	The game was 0-0 after regulation and extra time .	prep_postp:before:after	3306
Abdirahman 's first marathon came before only six weeks of intense training .	Abdirahman 's first marathon came after only six weeks of intense training .	prep_postp:before:after	3307
She asked before my family , in particular about Babcia .	She asked after my family , in particular about Babcia .	prep_postp:before:after	3308
Before graduating from Boston College in 2002 , he applied to the program .	After graduating from Boston College in 2002 , he applied to the program .	prep_postp:before:after	3309
" And I say , ' Before the next election .	" And I say , ' After the next election .	prep_postp:before:after	3310
Before a few minutes , they switch places .	After a few minutes , they switch places .	prep_postp:before:after	3311
About 130 inmates have appeals pending before the D.C. court .	About 130 inmates have appeals pending after the D.C. court .	prep_postp:before:after	3312
The play opens with six elephants looking tense before hearing gunfire .	The play opens with six elephants looking tense after hearing gunfire .	prep_postp:before:after	3313
Manufacturing output was down 0.4 percent before a 0.2 percent gain in September .	Manufacturing output was down 0.4 percent after a 0.2 percent gain in September .	prep_postp:before:after	3314
The Mariners averaged only 3.43 runs per game before their recent slump .	The Mariners averaged only 3.43 runs per game during their recent slump .	prep_postp:before:during	3315
Kendall 's family followed soon before the trade , another bonus .	Kendall 's family followed soon after the trade , another bonus .	prep_postp:before:after	3316
But one month before that appearance , Thompson has yet to return .	But one month after that appearance , Thompson has yet to return .	prep_postp:before:after	3317
Before the summer , every football player needs a job .	During the summer , every football player needs a job .	prep_postp:before:during	3318
Facebook attracted 30.6 million U.S. visitors before September .	Facebook attracted 30.6 million U.S. visitors during September .	prep_postp:before:during	3319
Imran and Jemima married in 1995 before a whirlwind romance .	Imran and Jemima married in 1995 after a whirlwind romance .	prep_postp:before:after	3320
Turn left , following the signs for Auchrannie , before a mile .	Turn left , following the signs for Auchrannie , after a mile .	prep_postp:before:after	3321
The immunity would not apply to any eavesdropping before September 11 , 2001 .	The immunity would not apply to any eavesdropping after September 11 , 2001 .	prep_postp:before:after	3322
Before the trip , they were interviewed and we just filmed it .	After the trip , they were interviewed and we just filmed it .	prep_postp:before:after	3323
Before lunch , the men began to pack up the table and chairs .	After lunch , the men began to pack up the table and chairs .	prep_postp:before:after	3324
Ochoa , the defending champion , was 1 under before a 69 .	Ochoa , the defending champion , was 1 under after a 69 .	prep_postp:before:after	3325
He became an anger management counselor shortly before the attack on Burns .	He became an anger management counselor shortly after the attack on Burns .	prep_postp:before:after	3326
His grandmother leaves Bible verses on his voice mail before games .	His grandmother leaves Bible verses on his voice mail after games .	prep_postp:before:after	3327
They said they had examined what happened before launches in the past decade .	They said they had examined what happened after launches in the past decade .	prep_postp:before:after	3328
Members may register at any point before promotion .	Members may register at any point during promotion .	prep_postp:before:during	3329
Cook transferred to Pitt from East Carolina before the 2004-05 season .	Cook transferred to Pitt from East Carolina after the 2004-05 season .	prep_postp:before:after	3330
Before a recent checkup , Micah weighed 20.8 pounds , Doughty said .	During a recent checkup , Micah weighed 20.8 pounds , Doughty said .	prep_postp:before:during	3331
The Spurs led 29-20 before the first quarter .	The Spurs led 29-20 after the first quarter .	prep_postp:before:after	3332
There are a range of voltages that can be modified before surgery .	There are a range of voltages that can be modified after surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	3333
Barrie made his bequest in 1929 , eight years before his death .	Barrie made his bequest in 1929 , eight years after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	3334
Romney and Giuliani squabbled over taxes and spending before a debate in Michigan .	Romney and Giuliani squabbled over taxes and spending during a debate in Michigan .	prep_postp:before:during	3335
Children stand before a flag , pledging allegiance .	Children stand after a flag , pledging allegiance .	prep_postp:before:after	3336
He will appear before City of Westminster magistrates this morning .	He will appear after City of Westminster magistrates this morning .	prep_postp:before:after	3337
Some 38,000 children go to Sunday school before the day .	Some 38,000 children go to Sunday school during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	3338
, where a Safeway store was evacuated before a bomb threat .	, where a Safeway store was evacuated after a bomb threat .	prep_postp:before:after	3339
The biggest challenge for Sierra Leone now is what happens before the vote .	The biggest challenge for Sierra Leone now is what happens after the vote .	prep_postp:before:after	3340
He will also take part in debates about the law before the course .	He will also take part in debates about the law during the course .	prep_postp:before:during	3341
A similar petition by Qwest Communications International is still pending before the agency .	A similar petition by Qwest Communications International is still pending after the agency .	prep_postp:before:after	3342
The second set also went to a tie-break before Federer sealed victory .	The second set also went to a tie-break after Federer sealed victory .	prep_postp:before:after	3343
Born in Glasgow in 1926 , Baxter honed his talent before National Service .	Born in Glasgow in 1926 , Baxter honed his talent during National Service .	prep_postp:before:during	3344
Like many Americans , I began wearing a flag pin before September 11 .	Like many Americans , I began wearing a flag pin after September 11 .	prep_postp:before:after	3345
Fill your belly with schnitzels and beer before Oktoberfest Oct. 5-7 .	Fill your belly with schnitzels and beer during Oktoberfest Oct. 5-7 .	prep_postp:before:during	3346
Before hearing from Harrison , the judge set bail at $ 100,000 .	After hearing from Harrison , the judge set bail at $ 100,000 .	prep_postp:before:after	3347
Schools closed before teen 's staph-related death Flatiron and Manson Construction Co .	Schools closed after teen 's staph-related death Flatiron and Manson Construction Co .	prep_postp:before:after	3348
The detectives are expected to be present before interviews by Leicestershire police officers .	The detectives are expected to be present during interviews by Leicestershire police officers .	prep_postp:before:during	3349
Before the bubble , regulators allowed financial market participants to run amok .	During the bubble , regulators allowed financial market participants to run amok .	prep_postp:before:during	3350
He was told about it this morning before his regular briefing .	He was told about it this morning during his regular briefing .	prep_postp:before:during	3351
The economy will also be more of an issue before Northern Rock .	The economy will also be more of an issue after Northern Rock .	prep_postp:before:after	3352
How did he get home before the accident ?	How did he get home after the accident ?	prep_postp:before:after	3353
Obama benefited from a significant break shortly before the primary .	Obama benefited from a significant break shortly after the primary .	prep_postp:before:after	3354
For more information , please visit www.mcgcapital.com. He declared victory shortly before midnight .	For more information , please visit www.mcgcapital.com. He declared victory shortly after midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	3355
He also played off and on before summers in college and law school .	He also played off and on during summers in college and law school .	prep_postp:before:during	3356
... The death came a day before the New York City Marathon .	... The death came a day after the New York City Marathon .	prep_postp:before:after	3357
But they have good mojo before an 0-2 start .	But they have good mojo after an 0-2 start .	prep_postp:before:after	3358
Allen stepped down from his job as VECO chairman before his plea agreement .	Allen stepped down from his job as VECO chairman after his plea agreement .	prep_postp:before:after	3359
Mediators had pressed both sides to declare a cease-fire before the talks .	Mediators had pressed both sides to declare a cease-fire during the talks .	prep_postp:before:during	3360
About Resound Marketing Third Point hired Daniel Hevesi several months before that investment .	About Resound Marketing Third Point hired Daniel Hevesi several months after that investment .	prep_postp:before:after	3361
The Corporation had no production before FY 2007 .	The Corporation had no production during FY 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	3362
In the moments before the accident , Hamlin accepted the criticism .	In the moments after the accident , Hamlin accepted the criticism .	prep_postp:before:after	3363
Clark sings about Jesus , the apocalypse and Paris before wartime .	Clark sings about Jesus , the apocalypse and Paris during wartime .	prep_postp:before:during	3364
We will not know much until before Monday .	We will not know much until after Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	3365
The homes are assigned to the M & M contractors before foreclosure .	The homes are assigned to the M & M contractors after foreclosure .	prep_postp:before:after	3366
It was also true before the September 11 attacks on America .	It was also true after the September 11 attacks on America .	prep_postp:before:after	3367
She said she wrote Ford to apologize a few days before the attempt .	She said she wrote Ford to apologize a few days after the attempt .	prep_postp:before:after	3368
Before his firing , Busch signed on with Joe Gibbs Racing .	After his firing , Busch signed on with Joe Gibbs Racing .	prep_postp:before:after	3369
STEPHANOPOULOS : Before this , that is right .	STEPHANOPOULOS : After this , that is right .	prep_postp:before:after	3370
The 28-year-old is eligible for arbitration before the season .	The 28-year-old is eligible for arbitration after the season .	prep_postp:before:after	3371
Although he conceded that syndicating buyout debt had proved more difficult before September .	Although he conceded that syndicating buyout debt had proved more difficult during September .	prep_postp:before:during	3372
Francois Fillon worked closely with Nicolas Sarkozy before the presidential election campaign .	Francois Fillon worked closely with Nicolas Sarkozy during the presidential election campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	3373
Before his own testimony , Pichushkin said he felt like a God .	During his own testimony , Pichushkin said he felt like a God .	prep_postp:before:during	3374
The police arrived 10 minutes before the shooting , Mr. Torres said .	The police arrived 10 minutes after the shooting , Mr. Torres said .	prep_postp:before:after	3375
" These kids are helpless before DI 's , " Solis said .	" These kids are helpless after DI 's , " Solis said .	prep_postp:before:after	3376
Travel before off-peak periods , including midday , would cost $ 1.50 .	Travel during off-peak periods , including midday , would cost $ 1.50 .	prep_postp:before:during	3377
Housebuilders were unable to sustain early momentum before a trading update from Barratt .	Housebuilders were unable to sustain early momentum after a trading update from Barratt .	prep_postp:before:after	3378
They eat separately at lunch and they often play different sports before school .	They eat separately at lunch and they often play different sports after school .	prep_postp:before:after	3379
Friedgen said Lemons is running better than he has before his career .	Friedgen said Lemons is running better than he has during his career .	prep_postp:before:during	3380
We did it before JFK , MLK , and RFK .	We did it after JFK , MLK , and RFK .	prep_postp:before:after	3381
It was just what the defending NFC champions needed before that rough opener .	It was just what the defending NFC champions needed after that rough opener .	prep_postp:before:after	3382
A number of cars were damaged before the fight .	A number of cars were damaged during the fight .	prep_postp:before:during	3383
She had plans to become a lawyer before college .	She had plans to become a lawyer after college .	prep_postp:before:after	3384
The European Union is South Korea 's second-largest trading partner before China .	The European Union is South Korea 's second-largest trading partner after China .	prep_postp:before:after	3385
His comments were made before Mr. Cuomo 's news conference .	His comments were made after Mr. Cuomo 's news conference .	prep_postp:before:after	3386
But before that , Belichick gathered his defense on the sideline .	But after that , Belichick gathered his defense on the sideline .	prep_postp:before:after	3387
The popularity of recruitment Web sites blossomed before the past few years .	The popularity of recruitment Web sites blossomed during the past few years .	prep_postp:before:during	3388
But I was not before that market .	But I was not after that market .	prep_postp:before:after	3389
Johnson apologized to Texans Coach Gary Kubiak before the game for the penalty .	Johnson apologized to Texans Coach Gary Kubiak during the game for the penalty .	prep_postp:before:during	3390
Before that , organizers will decide to extend or terminate the project .	After that , organizers will decide to extend or terminate the project .	prep_postp:before:after	3391
He was a Royal Air Force navigator before World War II .	He was a Royal Air Force navigator during World War II .	prep_postp:before:during	3392
Before the practice sessions , Nadal was clearly on Federer 's mind .	During the practice sessions , Nadal was clearly on Federer 's mind .	prep_postp:before:during	3393
He was injured before Sunday 's game against Green Bay .	He was injured during Sunday 's game against Green Bay .	prep_postp:before:during	3394
Action is necessary now , before climate change moves beyond man 's control .	Action is necessary now , after climate change moves beyond man 's control .	prep_postp:before:after	3395
Before the Civil War , 140,000 Union soldiers alone were killed in battle .	During the Civil War , 140,000 Union soldiers alone were killed in battle .	prep_postp:before:during	3396
The commission accelerated its work before the shootings .	The commission accelerated its work after the shootings .	prep_postp:before:after	3397
The company is the second-biggest cereal maker in the U.S. before Kellogg .	The company is the second-biggest cereal maker in the U.S. after Kellogg .	prep_postp:before:after	3398
She remembered how Drummond acted right before the birth of his eldest .	She remembered how Drummond acted right after the birth of his eldest .	prep_postp:before:after	3399
Redding scored all 14 of his points before the break .	Redding scored all 14 of his points after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	3400
Before that , he was a prosecutor in Manhattan .	After that , he was a prosecutor in Manhattan .	prep_postp:before:after	3401
Hill will appear before magistrates in Leeds on Monday .	Hill will appear after magistrates in Leeds on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	3402
Before the day , downtown can be the busiest place in Los Angeles .	During the day , downtown can be the busiest place in Los Angeles .	prep_postp:before:during	3403
Before that , there is no one .	After that , there is no one .	prep_postp:before:after	3404
And yet , before months of counseling , the anger began to subside .	And yet , after months of counseling , the anger began to subside .	prep_postp:before:after	3405
Another is for a brand of soup flavouring called Maggi renamed before Madeleine .	Another is for a brand of soup flavouring called Maggi renamed after Madeleine .	prep_postp:before:after	3406
The ambush came just before midnight .	The ambush came just after midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	3407
No one became HIV-positive before the course of the study .	No one became HIV-positive during the course of the study .	prep_postp:before:during	3408
Clark and his wife , Geanetta , moved to Chicago before the fire .	Clark and his wife , Geanetta , moved to Chicago after the fire .	prep_postp:before:after	3409
Hampshire Police said no police or bystanders were injured before the incident .	Hampshire Police said no police or bystanders were injured during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	3410
Joost 's service opened to the public this week before an invitation-only trial .	Joost 's service opened to the public this week after an invitation-only trial .	prep_postp:before:after	3411
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg visited the five-floor building before the explosion .	New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg visited the five-floor building after the explosion .	prep_postp:before:after	3412
Exit polls are expected to be released before 16H00 GMT .	Exit polls are expected to be released after 16H00 GMT .	prep_postp:before:after	3413
No fans care if a mediocre reliever pumps his fist before a strikeout .	No fans care if a mediocre reliever pumps his fist after a strikeout .	prep_postp:before:after	3414
The mascot always leaves the stadium before kickoff .	The mascot always leaves the stadium after kickoff .	prep_postp:before:after	3415
There was no such income before the same period last year .	There was no such income during the same period last year .	prep_postp:before:during	3416
The stock market was relieved before Bear Stearns Cos .	The stock market was relieved after Bear Stearns Cos .	prep_postp:before:after	3417
Mr. Zeng is seen as the most powerful party leader before Mr. Hu .	Mr. Zeng is seen as the most powerful party leader after Mr. Hu .	prep_postp:before:after	3418
Gonzales was under fire before much of his term as attorney general .	Gonzales was under fire during much of his term as attorney general .	prep_postp:before:during	3419
In 1988 they supported rescue work before the Piper Alpha oil rig fire .	In 1988 they supported rescue work after the Piper Alpha oil rig fire .	prep_postp:before:after	3420
People will " rally " to sacrifice , he noted before the meeting .	People will " rally " to sacrifice , he noted after the meeting .	prep_postp:before:after	3421
How does one avoid the pitfalls of restaurants ' choices before business dinners ?	How does one avoid the pitfalls of restaurants ' choices during business dinners ?	prep_postp:before:during	3422
id = 1605412007 The mood was much more sober before the screening .	id = 1605412007 The mood was much more sober after the screening .	prep_postp:before:after	3423
Guilt often arises automatically , based on standards internalized before childhood .	Guilt often arises automatically , based on standards internalized during childhood .	prep_postp:before:during	3424
Before the speech , 25 percent approved .	After the speech , 25 percent approved .	prep_postp:before:after	3425
The unlimited-leave policy was changed before the Small scandal .	The unlimited-leave policy was changed after the Small scandal .	prep_postp:before:after	3426
( Editing by Bill Tarrant ) No-one was injured before the incident .	( Editing by Bill Tarrant ) No-one was injured during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	3427
The rules ban holding votes before Feb. 5 .	The rules ban holding votes after Feb. 5 .	prep_postp:before:after	3428
Mr. Bernanke offered no hints before a speech in Germany on Tuesday .	Mr. Bernanke offered no hints during a speech in Germany on Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:during	3429
Bradford 's 2-point conversion pass was unsuccessful again before the score .	Bradford 's 2-point conversion pass was unsuccessful again after the score .	prep_postp:before:after	3430
Shortly before last year 's World Cup , Scotland were 62nd .	Shortly after last year 's World Cup , Scotland were 62nd .	prep_postp:before:after	3431
He is a free agent before the season .	He is a free agent after the season .	prep_postp:before:after	3432
" He is ready , " Renney said of Valiquette before the game .	" He is ready , " Renney said of Valiquette after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3433
Stamm noticed that her dog perks up before the acupuncture sessions .	Stamm noticed that her dog perks up after the acupuncture sessions .	prep_postp:before:after	3434
Food By all accounts , everything was fine before the first shot .	Food By all accounts , everything was fine after the first shot .	prep_postp:before:after	3435
Patients should be aware of the possible occurrence of diarrhea before treatment .	Patients should be aware of the possible occurrence of diarrhea during treatment .	prep_postp:before:during	3436
Katy Helvenston has testified before the House committee .	Katy Helvenston has testified after the House committee .	prep_postp:before:after	3437
Some 13 months before Election Day , the race 's dynamic seems immutable .	Some 13 months after Election Day , the race 's dynamic seems immutable .	prep_postp:before:after	3438
He had aimed to win only one set before the three-match series .	He had aimed to win only one set during the three-match series .	prep_postp:before:during	3439
There is definitely life before football .	There is definitely life after football .	prep_postp:before:after	3440
About Yash Raj Films Chavez said before reporters in Santiago .	About Yash Raj Films Chavez said after reporters in Santiago .	prep_postp:before:after	3441
Before the Soviet period , many Tajik enterprises were coal-fired .	During the Soviet period , many Tajik enterprises were coal-fired .	prep_postp:before:during	3442
Mr Solis concedes defeat before a manual count and legal challenges .	Mr Solis concedes defeat after a manual count and legal challenges .	prep_postp:before:after	3443
The game was on in Holland before our national game .	The game was on in Holland after our national game .	prep_postp:before:after	3444
Bell was influenced by Garth Brooks before her teenage years .	Bell was influenced by Garth Brooks during her teenage years .	prep_postp:before:during	3445
" " Before Megan , I jumped so much I could not walk .	" " After Megan , I jumped so much I could not walk .	prep_postp:before:after	3446
It happened before a visit to a water park while in church camp .	It happened during a visit to a water park while in church camp .	prep_postp:before:during	3447
Before hours , the shares fell $ 1.80 , to $ 117.80 .	After hours , the shares fell $ 1.80 , to $ 117.80 .	prep_postp:before:after	3448
My mother lost the ability to walk two years before the original diagnosis .	My mother lost the ability to walk two years after the original diagnosis .	prep_postp:before:after	3449
Before a round of greetings , Mr. Booker got down to work .	After a round of greetings , Mr. Booker got down to work .	prep_postp:before:after	3450
Four Diamondbacks relievers did the job before that .	Four Diamondbacks relievers did the job after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3451
Frawley declined to comment before the brief plea .	Frawley declined to comment after the brief plea .	prep_postp:before:after	3452
The tougher sentence was handed down before an appeal .	The tougher sentence was handed down after an appeal .	prep_postp:before:after	3453
Isner seemed to understand the looming question before his match .	Isner seemed to understand the looming question after his match .	prep_postp:before:after	3454
The suspects in Germany were scheduled to appear before a judge later Wednesday .	The suspects in Germany were scheduled to appear after a judge later Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	3455
Ashton had started the new season well before his long injury layoff .	Ashton had started the new season well after his long injury layoff .	prep_postp:before:after	3456
He died Friday before surgery at a hospital in Rockford , Ill .	He died Friday during surgery at a hospital in Rockford , Ill .	prep_postp:before:during	3457
The hostility did not subside until the day before Green 's graduation .	The hostility did not subside until the day after Green 's graduation .	prep_postp:before:after	3458
Before that , ideally , the law would require a real warrant .	After that , ideally , the law would require a real warrant .	prep_postp:before:after	3459
The capture took place before a verbal argument between officers and some militants .	The capture took place after a verbal argument between officers and some militants .	prep_postp:before:after	3460
The white marble is cool and pleasant before the heat outside .	The white marble is cool and pleasant after the heat outside .	prep_postp:before:after	3461
Mr Putin and Mr Ahmadinejad met before the summit for private talks .	Mr Putin and Mr Ahmadinejad met after the summit for private talks .	prep_postp:before:after	3462
Officials closed the airport before the accident .	Officials closed the airport after the accident .	prep_postp:before:after	3463
Linda Rhoades bought the fudge before a bake sale in West Lafayette .	Linda Rhoades bought the fudge during a bake sale in West Lafayette .	prep_postp:before:during	3464
In past years , Game 5 followed the day before Game 4 .	In past years , Game 5 followed the day after Game 4 .	prep_postp:before:after	3465
Before the race , Powell 's shoulders sank .	After the race , Powell 's shoulders sank .	prep_postp:before:after	3466
Belichick refused to elaborate on the statement several times before a news conference .	Belichick refused to elaborate on the statement several times during a news conference .	prep_postp:before:during	3467
Drivers are warned about delays before the lift .	Drivers are warned about delays during the lift .	prep_postp:before:during	3468
He lived there until just before his death .	He lived there until just after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	3469
We did tighten the economy quite significantly at various times before the 1990s .	We did tighten the economy quite significantly at various times during the 1990s .	prep_postp:before:during	3470
- Queen Victoria rarely attended before Prince Albert 's death in 1861 .	- Queen Victoria rarely attended after Prince Albert 's death in 1861 .	prep_postp:before:after	3471
The partnership fell apart before renegotiations for their contract with CBS .	The partnership fell apart during renegotiations for their contract with CBS .	prep_postp:before:during	3472
The scientific breakthrough came before a trip to Belize .	The scientific breakthrough came after a trip to Belize .	prep_postp:before:after	3473
Before that time , 85 of the people died .	During that time , 85 of the people died .	prep_postp:before:during	3474
The Panthers have now won three straight before an 0-3 start .	The Panthers have now won three straight after an 0-3 start .	prep_postp:before:after	3475
Some things could have been done differently before the early weeks .	Some things could have been done differently during the early weeks .	prep_postp:before:during	3476
Before the game , Ramirez would not explain why he did not slide .	After the game , Ramirez would not explain why he did not slide .	prep_postp:before:after	3477
He ended up kidnapping them and fled before a succession of carjackings .	He ended up kidnapping them and fled after a succession of carjackings .	prep_postp:before:after	3478
Two co-defendants still have appeals pending before the Supreme Court .	Two co-defendants still have appeals pending after the Supreme Court .	prep_postp:before:after	3479
Two police officers have been injured before a riot in north Belfast .	Two police officers have been injured during a riot in north Belfast .	prep_postp:before:during	3480
The bodies were found before a joint operation Saturday .	The bodies were found during a joint operation Saturday .	prep_postp:before:during	3481
Cleary was arrested two months before the shooting .	Cleary was arrested two months after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	3482
He surrendered without incident before nearly four hours .	He surrendered without incident after nearly four hours .	prep_postp:before:after	3483
This new technology is expected to be installed before Q1 2008 .	This new technology is expected to be installed during Q1 2008 .	prep_postp:before:during	3484
Before their seasonlong rampage , the Patriots find a similar fate nearly unthinkable .	After their seasonlong rampage , the Patriots find a similar fate nearly unthinkable .	prep_postp:before:after	3485
They showed little emotion before Pichushkin ' speech .	They showed little emotion during Pichushkin ' speech .	prep_postp:before:during	3486
Before that , I returned home for another day of school .	After that , I returned home for another day of school .	prep_postp:before:after	3487
Flying activity will be increased before the week from Monday .	Flying activity will be increased during the week from Monday .	prep_postp:before:during	3488
Significantly , this travel occurs even before dark , the Times reported .	Significantly , this travel occurs even after dark , the Times reported .	prep_postp:before:after	3489
Ducks G Jean-Sebastien Giguere was greeted by loud cheers before pre- game introductions .	Ducks G Jean-Sebastien Giguere was greeted by loud cheers during pre- game introductions .	prep_postp:before:during	3490
Once was before a fight between two girls outside his class .	Once was during a fight between two girls outside his class .	prep_postp:before:during	3491
Before hours , the stock dropped another 3 percent .	After hours , the stock dropped another 3 percent .	prep_postp:before:after	3492
Will the coaches exchange friendly greetings before the game ?	Will the coaches exchange friendly greetings after the game ?	prep_postp:before:after	3493
Before an exchange of punts , the Hokies struck again .	After an exchange of punts , the Hokies struck again .	prep_postp:before:after	3494
Police officers collared them before a brief chase .	Police officers collared them after a brief chase .	prep_postp:before:after	3495
Those creditors issued default notices to Basis Yield before its devaluations in June .	Those creditors issued default notices to Basis Yield after its devaluations in June .	prep_postp:before:after	3496
This is expected sometime before the second quarter next year .	This is expected sometime during the second quarter next year .	prep_postp:before:during	3497
So before his presidential announcement , there is the pre-announcement ad .	So after his presidential announcement , there is the pre-announcement ad .	prep_postp:before:after	3498
You could see the twinkle in his eyes before his live shot .	You could see the twinkle in his eyes during his live shot .	prep_postp:before:during	3499
Diana Taurasi hit two 3-pointers before the spurt .	Diana Taurasi hit two 3-pointers during the spurt .	prep_postp:before:during	3500
Did you ever stop to think before these four days ?	Did you ever stop to think after these four days ?	prep_postp:before:after	3501
And I think he came to this conclusion before a plateful of Alplermakronen .	And I think he came to this conclusion after a plateful of Alplermakronen .	prep_postp:before:after	3502
Akmal hit eight boundaries before his 225-minute knock .	Akmal hit eight boundaries during his 225-minute knock .	prep_postp:before:during	3503
Shortly before the death of Tuthmosis II , Hatshepsut declared herself pharaoh .	Shortly after the death of Tuthmosis II , Hatshepsut declared herself pharaoh .	prep_postp:before:after	3504
Before their engagement last fall , Carrier had complained of shoulder pain .	During their engagement last fall , Carrier had complained of shoulder pain .	prep_postp:before:during	3505
Goode then slotted a penalty before a dangerous challenge by Hogg .	Goode then slotted a penalty after a dangerous challenge by Hogg .	prep_postp:before:after	3506
The investigation began before Lt. Col. Raymond Hayden of Tamarac , Fla .	The investigation began after Lt. Col. Raymond Hayden of Tamarac , Fla .	prep_postp:before:after	3507
He will appear before magistrates at Prestatyn on Friday .	He will appear after magistrates at Prestatyn on Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	3508
Before Gibbs , no one will be more responsible for a playoff revival .	After Gibbs , no one will be more responsible for a playoff revival .	prep_postp:before:after	3509
Before the game , Barbosa unleashed a slam dunk .	After the game , Barbosa unleashed a slam dunk .	prep_postp:before:after	3510
Jose Guillen added an RBI single before the hit by Ibanez .	Jose Guillen added an RBI single after the hit by Ibanez .	prep_postp:before:after	3511
The discovery was only made before an anonymous tip-off .	The discovery was only made after an anonymous tip-off .	prep_postp:before:after	3512
Did police properly search for Smith and Green immediately before the crash ?	Did police properly search for Smith and Green immediately after the crash ?	prep_postp:before:after	3513
Will China change much before the congress ?	Will China change much after the congress ?	prep_postp:before:after	3514
Before the blast , troops and police quickly blocked off the area .	After the blast , troops and police quickly blocked off the area .	prep_postp:before:after	3515
She scored 71 goals in 146 appearances before a 22-year international career .	She scored 71 goals in 146 appearances during a 22-year international career .	prep_postp:before:during	3516
The blowout was a stunning anticlimax before a week of anticipation .	The blowout was a stunning anticlimax after a week of anticipation .	prep_postp:before:after	3517
The tribunal is investigating abuses committed before the Khmer Rouge 's 1975-79 rule .	The tribunal is investigating abuses committed during the Khmer Rouge 's 1975-79 rule .	prep_postp:before:during	3518
Johnson said he had 27 voice-mail messages on his cellphone before the game .	Johnson said he had 27 voice-mail messages on his cellphone after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3519
Then , one before another , the elite teams started to lose .	Then , one after another , the elite teams started to lose .	prep_postp:before:after	3520
A decision may not come until shortly before kickoff .	A decision may not come until shortly after kickoff .	prep_postp:before:after	3521
Krystowiak was dismayed at Orlando 's 13-minute opening introductions before Wednesday 's opener .	Krystowiak was dismayed at Orlando 's 13-minute opening introductions after Wednesday 's opener .	prep_postp:before:after	3522
The number of overall civilian deaths also declined before this period .	The number of overall civilian deaths also declined during this period .	prep_postp:before:during	3523
It is the second-most valuable Silicon Valley company before Google Inc .	It is the second-most valuable Silicon Valley company after Google Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	3524
Swindall is expected to be back in action before Christmas .	Swindall is expected to be back in action after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	3525
Blackwater chairman Erik Prince is scheduled to appear before the committee on Tuesday .	Blackwater chairman Erik Prince is scheduled to appear after the committee on Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	3526
Before this long journey , the cool chain has to be maintained .	During this long journey , the cool chain has to be maintained .	prep_postp:before:during	3527
This is especially needed before the busy holiday shopping season .	This is especially needed during the busy holiday shopping season .	prep_postp:before:during	3528
Bush vetoed no bills before his first five years in office .	Bush vetoed no bills during his first five years in office .	prep_postp:before:during	3529
Of that amount , $ 988.4 million was funded before the quarter .	Of that amount , $ 988.4 million was funded during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	3530
A half-century before her death , Laura Ingalls Wilder is an industry .	A half-century after her death , Laura Ingalls Wilder is an industry .	prep_postp:before:after	3531
They are well aware of the lack of action before their shows .	They are well aware of the lack of action during their shows .	prep_postp:before:during	3532
They made the last arrest about two weeks before the murders .	They made the last arrest about two weeks after the murders .	prep_postp:before:after	3533
Kramnik must have realized that before 20.a4 bxa4 21.Rxa4 Bb4 !	Kramnik must have realized that after 20.a4 bxa4 21.Rxa4 Bb4 !	prep_postp:before:after	3534
black is fine either before 23.Rxc7 Nf6 !	black is fine either after 23.Rxc7 Nf6 !	prep_postp:before:after	3535
Could Germany 's Trabant ride again 50 years before its birth ?	Could Germany 's Trabant ride again 50 years after its birth ?	prep_postp:before:after	3536
Everyone in the Majozi family has a job before the day .	Everyone in the Majozi family has a job during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	3537
Landis has maintained his innocence before a lengthy legal process .	Landis has maintained his innocence during a lengthy legal process .	prep_postp:before:during	3538
Before that , she was an independent agent .	After that , she was an independent agent .	prep_postp:before:after	3539
There was about a 13 percent increase nationally before the same period .	There was about a 13 percent increase nationally during the same period .	prep_postp:before:during	3540
Before Finland , it is the country with the worst food .	After Finland , it is the country with the worst food .	prep_postp:before:after	3541
It is unfortunate that this is a distraction before the Steelers game .	It is unfortunate that this is a distraction after the Steelers game .	prep_postp:before:after	3542
10 , but was 17 before the New York tour dates .	10 , but was 17 during the New York tour dates .	prep_postp:before:during	3543
Petit was able to escape before the attack .	Petit was able to escape during the attack .	prep_postp:before:during	3544
Have those feelings changed in any way before the last six years ?	Have those feelings changed in any way during the last six years ?	prep_postp:before:during	3545
Before a ten day period , over 20 Indian films will be screened .	During a ten day period , over 20 Indian films will be screened .	prep_postp:before:during	3546
The stock rose 64 cents to $ 29.94 before the announcement Friday .	The stock rose 64 cents to $ 29.94 after the announcement Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	3547
We keep reacting before the fact .	We keep reacting after the fact .	prep_postp:before:after	3548
She went on to achieve the maximum mark seven times before the Games .	She went on to achieve the maximum mark seven times during the Games .	prep_postp:before:during	3549
Do you work or read before meals ?	Do you work or read during meals ?	prep_postp:before:during	3550
Before that time , the lawyer witnessed a startling transformation in his client .	During that time , the lawyer witnessed a startling transformation in his client .	prep_postp:before:during	3551
Troost was Hitler 's favorite architect before the early 1930s .	Troost was Hitler 's favorite architect during the early 1930s .	prep_postp:before:during	3552
It is one distraction before another .	It is one distraction after another .	prep_postp:before:after	3553
, when its spa reopens later this year before renovations .	, when its spa reopens later this year after renovations .	prep_postp:before:after	3554
Before the meeting , I returned to my post in Panama .	After the meeting , I returned to my post in Panama .	prep_postp:before:after	3555
" " We 'd hear about their presence two months before the fact .	" " We 'd hear about their presence two months after the fact .	prep_postp:before:after	3556
Business confidence fell sharply before the September 11 attacks on America .	Business confidence fell sharply after the September 11 attacks on America .	prep_postp:before:after	3557
All the defendants have pleaded not guilty before the trial .	All the defendants have pleaded not guilty during the trial .	prep_postp:before:during	3558
Before the flight , I noticed she was writing postcards .	During the flight , I noticed she was writing postcards .	prep_postp:before:during	3559
But he reluctantly accepted them last year before mass protests .	But he reluctantly accepted them last year after mass protests .	prep_postp:before:after	3560
A 17-year-old motorcyclist was arrested before the crash .	A 17-year-old motorcyclist was arrested after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	3561
Before another Auburn punt , Tebow was at it again .	After another Auburn punt , Tebow was at it again .	prep_postp:before:after	3562
Depreciation was USD 28 million before the third quarter of 2007 .	Depreciation was USD 28 million during the third quarter of 2007 .	prep_postp:before:during	3563
Total sales rose 3.8 per cent before the 16 weeks to October 6 .	Total sales rose 3.8 per cent during the 16 weeks to October 6 .	prep_postp:before:during	3564
From the 16th pole , I really had to get before my filly .	From the 16th pole , I really had to get after my filly .	prep_postp:before:after	3565
The existing fare structure was doomed well before Wednesday .	The existing fare structure was doomed well after Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	3566
The film will be sent to DVD heaven before that .	The film will be sent to DVD heaven after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3567
Orr did not talk to reporters before the game .	Orr did not talk to reporters after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3568
Shawn does his best to keep the banter up before his visits .	Shawn does his best to keep the banter up during his visits .	prep_postp:before:during	3569
Clemens threw at about 80 percent before Tuesday 's series opener at Toronto .	Clemens threw at about 80 percent after Tuesday 's series opener at Toronto .	prep_postp:before:after	3570
Petit says her nightmares trailed off before a couple of months .	Petit says her nightmares trailed off after a couple of months .	prep_postp:before:after	3571
Payrolls had been expected to rise before the month .	Payrolls had been expected to rise during the month .	prep_postp:before:during	3572
Daniel Chopra was a stroke back before a 66 at Tesoro Club .	Daniel Chopra was a stroke back after a 66 at Tesoro Club .	prep_postp:before:after	3573
I plan to start training really hard the week right before Shanghai .	I plan to start training really hard the week right after Shanghai .	prep_postp:before:after	3574
Eleven miners remain unaccounted for before the methane blast .	Eleven miners remain unaccounted for after the methane blast .	prep_postp:before:after	3575
He was pronounced dead at St. Vincent 's Hospital shortly before midnight .	He was pronounced dead at St. Vincent 's Hospital shortly after midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	3576
The panda enclosure operated normally before the attack , the official said .	The panda enclosure operated normally after the attack , the official said .	prep_postp:before:after	3577
Iraq had 30,000 registered Palestinian refugees before the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 .	Iraq had 30,000 registered Palestinian refugees after the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 .	prep_postp:before:after	3578
AC Milan goalkeeper Dida was banned for one game before the incident .	AC Milan goalkeeper Dida was banned for one game after the incident .	prep_postp:before:after	3579
Montgomery was arrested the day before the killing .	Montgomery was arrested the day after the killing .	prep_postp:before:after	3580
Before further consideration , this has now been withdrawn .	After further consideration , this has now been withdrawn .	prep_postp:before:after	3581
Before that , naval rum was referred to as Nelson 's Blood .	After that , naval rum was referred to as Nelson 's Blood .	prep_postp:before:after	3582
A trial on 25 planes is expected to be completed before March .	A trial on 25 planes is expected to be completed after March .	prep_postp:before:after	3583
An estimated one-quarter of babies and toddlers die before the age of 5 .	An estimated one-quarter of babies and toddlers die after the age of 5 .	prep_postp:before:after	3584
Barta pulled his starting offense before his team 's third touchdown .	Barta pulled his starting offense after his team 's third touchdown .	prep_postp:before:after	3585
His grandmother worked on a bomber assembly line before World War II .	His grandmother worked on a bomber assembly line during World War II .	prep_postp:before:during	3586
Additionally , investigators say they seized $ 6.5 million before the operation .	Additionally , investigators say they seized $ 6.5 million during the operation .	prep_postp:before:during	3587
For example , if she strenuously exerted herself right before death ?	For example , if she strenuously exerted herself right after death ?	prep_postp:before:after	3588
Before an outcry , the city relented .	After an outcry , the city relented .	prep_postp:before:after	3589
Mignoni pulls up injured before France 's defeat of Georgia .	Mignoni pulls up injured during France 's defeat of Georgia .	prep_postp:before:during	3590
Pinochet remained an army commander before his long rule .	Pinochet remained an army commander during his long rule .	prep_postp:before:during	3591
MSNBC 's marquee liberal Keith Olbermann is back home before an emergency appendectomy .	MSNBC 's marquee liberal Keith Olbermann is back home after an emergency appendectomy .	prep_postp:before:after	3592
Could 've taken a touch before shooting , to be honest .	Could 've taken a touch after shooting , to be honest .	prep_postp:before:after	3593
Several speakers got notice of the approval on their BlackBerrys before the event .	Several speakers got notice of the approval on their BlackBerrys during the event .	prep_postp:before:during	3594
New fabrics were chosen before the careful study of photographs and records .	New fabrics were chosen after the careful study of photographs and records .	prep_postp:before:after	3595
But I must stand ultimately before God and account for my decision .	But I must stand ultimately after God and account for my decision .	prep_postp:before:after	3596
That has now been achieved before several years of losses .	That has now been achieved after several years of losses .	prep_postp:before:after	3597
Victoria is the biggest crater Opportunity has encountered before its mission .	Victoria is the biggest crater Opportunity has encountered during its mission .	prep_postp:before:during	3598
Granted , lots of people call loved ones before a flight .	Granted , lots of people call loved ones after a flight .	prep_postp:before:after	3599
A 's starter Lenny DiNardo was gone before the second inning .	A 's starter Lenny DiNardo was gone during the second inning .	prep_postp:before:during	3600
It was like watching a train wreck unfolding before your very eyes .	It was like watching a train wreck unfolding after your very eyes .	prep_postp:before:after	3601
" We name all of our cats before wine , " said Playhill .	" We name all of our cats after wine , " said Playhill .	prep_postp:before:after	3602
Perry opened the scoring just 20 seconds before the first intermission .	Perry opened the scoring just 20 seconds after the first intermission .	prep_postp:before:after	3603
Grossman 's contract expires before this season .	Grossman 's contract expires after this season .	prep_postp:before:after	3604
His confession was used against him before the trial .	His confession was used against him during the trial .	prep_postp:before:during	3605
Four bodies were recovered before dawn in Ningulai village , police said .	Four bodies were recovered after dawn in Ningulai village , police said .	prep_postp:before:after	3606
Before the strike , transport on the few operating subway trains was free .	During the strike , transport on the few operating subway trains was free .	prep_postp:before:during	3607
Most of the points came before mistakes by the opposition .	Most of the points came after mistakes by the opposition .	prep_postp:before:after	3608
Mehsud backed out of the deal before the Red Mosque raid .	Mehsud backed out of the deal after the Red Mosque raid .	prep_postp:before:after	3609
Karazin said the three witnesses could have been found before the trial .	Karazin said the three witnesses could have been found after the trial .	prep_postp:before:after	3610
He was also booed before Sunday night 's home loss to Golden State .	He was also booed during Sunday night 's home loss to Golden State .	prep_postp:before:during	3611
Morgenstern takes the plaudits before his brilliant second jump .	Morgenstern takes the plaudits after his brilliant second jump .	prep_postp:before:after	3612
It was my favorite activity before our trip to Maui .	It was my favorite activity during our trip to Maui .	prep_postp:before:during	3613
That included their chat before the base-running debacle in the sixth inning Saturday .	That included their chat after the base-running debacle in the sixth inning Saturday .	prep_postp:before:after	3614
This is Allen 's third London-set film before Scoop and Match Point .	This is Allen 's third London-set film after Scoop and Match Point .	prep_postp:before:after	3615
But both appear poised for improvement before years of neglect .	But both appear poised for improvement after years of neglect .	prep_postp:before:after	3616
There was more bad news for St. Louis before the game .	There was more bad news for St. Louis after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3617
They were no sleepier before the day , and they were evening insomniacs .	They were no sleepier during the day , and they were evening insomniacs .	prep_postp:before:during	3618
, said angrily before hearing from the two Yahoo executives .	, said angrily after hearing from the two Yahoo executives .	prep_postp:before:after	3619
Bernanke is slated to speak shortly before the opening bell .	Bernanke is slated to speak shortly after the opening bell .	prep_postp:before:after	3620
I saw the long line swinging into place before my eyes .	I saw the long line swinging into place after my eyes .	prep_postp:before:after	3621
( UNKNOWN ) : Maybe he will not endorse anybody before this .	( UNKNOWN ) : Maybe he will not endorse anybody after this .	prep_postp:before:after	3622
The murdered officers ' hands were bound behind their backs before the shooting .	The murdered officers ' hands were bound behind their backs during the shooting .	prep_postp:before:during	3623
Before Sunday , Thrash had three catches for 16 yards all year .	After Sunday , Thrash had three catches for 16 yards all year .	prep_postp:before:after	3624
Holy Family never got closer than four before that .	Holy Family never got closer than four after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3625
Traders said the market is likely to consolidate Monday before recent sharp gains .	Traders said the market is likely to consolidate Monday after recent sharp gains .	prep_postp:before:after	3626
Dr. Borukhova had had de facto custody of Michelle before that decision .	Dr. Borukhova had had de facto custody of Michelle after that decision .	prep_postp:before:after	3627
Opening lead -- Choose it I did it before some periods .	Opening lead -- Choose it I did it during some periods .	prep_postp:before:during	3628
Let me add my own note of sympathy and support before your loss .	Let me add my own note of sympathy and support after your loss .	prep_postp:before:after	3629
Before the funeral , Kazi offered me a lift to the wake .	After the funeral , Kazi offered me a lift to the wake .	prep_postp:before:after	3630
Before another sac bunt , Francisco struck out the last two batters .	After another sac bunt , Francisco struck out the last two batters .	prep_postp:before:after	3631
He worked for a while in the Transportation Department before the Carter administration .	He worked for a while in the Transportation Department during the Carter administration .	prep_postp:before:during	3632
Willis fell back into a four-way tie for fourth before his 1-over 73 .	Willis fell back into a four-way tie for fourth after his 1-over 73 .	prep_postp:before:after	3633
The video was taken in March - months before the alleged incident .	The video was taken in March - months after the alleged incident .	prep_postp:before:after	3634
The alarm was raised just before 6pm on Friday .	The alarm was raised just after 6pm on Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	3635
Before a brief and relatively calm discussion , McLaren returned toward the dugout .	After a brief and relatively calm discussion , McLaren returned toward the dugout .	prep_postp:before:after	3636
Daniel Smith , 20 , died less than five months before his mother .	Daniel Smith , 20 , died less than five months after his mother .	prep_postp:before:after	3637
Clinton 's courting of Upstate continued before the election .	Clinton 's courting of Upstate continued after the election .	prep_postp:before:after	3638
Before the Knicks , we talk about the next game .	After the Knicks , we talk about the next game .	prep_postp:before:after	3639
The search for Humphreys was expected to resume before daybreak Sunday .	The search for Humphreys was expected to resume after daybreak Sunday .	prep_postp:before:after	3640
Who will come before Mr. Mubarak ?	Who will come after Mr. Mubarak ?	prep_postp:before:after	3641
Ralf Schumacher has claimed six titles before a 10-year Formula One career .	Ralf Schumacher has claimed six titles during a 10-year Formula One career .	prep_postp:before:during	3642
Before only one sentence of his speech , the translator stopped translating .	After only one sentence of his speech , the translator stopped translating .	prep_postp:before:after	3643
Jack Ryan died of cancer before the first summer here .	Jack Ryan died of cancer after the first summer here .	prep_postp:before:after	3644
Income rose 0.4 percent last month before an identical gain in August .	Income rose 0.4 percent last month after an identical gain in August .	prep_postp:before:after	3645
Neither of the assistants in the petrol station were harmed before the incident .	Neither of the assistants in the petrol station were harmed during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	3646
Before his resignation , Mr Hutcheon had been a police board member .	After his resignation , Mr Hutcheon had been a police board member .	prep_postp:before:after	3647
We would see about 2,000 a day before KenGen .	We would see about 2,000 a day during KenGen .	prep_postp:before:during	3648
He endured all that before a freak road accident .	He endured all that after a freak road accident .	prep_postp:before:after	3649
Before his 11-year career , Chrebet had six concussions diagnosed .	During his 11-year career , Chrebet had six concussions diagnosed .	prep_postp:before:during	3650
The alleged irregularities were discovered before an internal review by the university .	The alleged irregularities were discovered during an internal review by the university .	prep_postp:before:during	3651
Before a while , Bhutto went upstairs to wash her face .	After a while , Bhutto went upstairs to wash her face .	prep_postp:before:after	3652
Comet Holmes has swelled into a monster puffball before a huge explosion .	Comet Holmes has swelled into a monster puffball after a huge explosion .	prep_postp:before:after	3653
Anti-war activist arrested in D.C. Jackson ran for 2-point conversions before each score .	Anti-war activist arrested in D.C. Jackson ran for 2-point conversions after each score .	prep_postp:before:after	3654
Bulldogs Coach Mark Richt set the tone before the game .	Bulldogs Coach Mark Richt set the tone after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3655
Speed test But before this incident , it may well become a reality .	Speed test But after this incident , it may well become a reality .	prep_postp:before:after	3656
The carriageway was closed for several hours before the crash .	The carriageway was closed for several hours after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	3657
Before national service , he rarely ventured outside his village .	After national service , he rarely ventured outside his village .	prep_postp:before:after	3658
Wireless data revenue increased 64 percent before the quarter .	Wireless data revenue increased 64 percent during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	3659
Columbia was destroyed before re-entry because of a hole in a wing .	Columbia was destroyed during re-entry because of a hole in a wing .	prep_postp:before:during	3660
Reception for families I am getting there before almost three months out .	Reception for families I am getting there after almost three months out .	prep_postp:before:after	3661
She hid in a bathroom before the ceremony at a Nevada motel .	She hid in a bathroom after the ceremony at a Nevada motel .	prep_postp:before:after	3662
The incidents have all taken place before the last 18 months .	The incidents have all taken place during the last 18 months .	prep_postp:before:during	3663
Mr. Bibliowicz had had modest experience in designing performing-arts spaces before that commission .	Mr. Bibliowicz had had modest experience in designing performing-arts spaces after that commission .	prep_postp:before:after	3664
Lopez hit .184 in 11 games before his injury .	Lopez hit .184 in 11 games after his injury .	prep_postp:before:after	3665
Before a six-week campaign , the television and radio advertisements have stopped .	AFTER a six-week campaign , the television and radio advertisements have stopped .	prep_postp:before:after	3666
Investors usually vote by proxy 48 hours before a vote at the meeting .	Investors usually vote by proxy 48 hours after a vote at the meeting .	prep_postp:before:after	3667
Marquez never regained consciousness before the shooting .	Marquez never regained consciousness after the shooting .	prep_postp:before:after	3668
Sun comes back before shower .	Sun comes back after shower .	prep_postp:before:after	3669
, said before floor debate .	, said during floor debate .	prep_postp:before:during	3670
What Do You Do Before Nothing ?	What Do You Do After Nothing ?	prep_postp:before:after	3671
Before tomorrow night , he will have only friendly internationals to prepare .	After tomorrow night , he will have only friendly internationals to prepare .	prep_postp:before:after	3672
U.S. troops sealed off the area before the attack , police said .	U.S. troops sealed off the area after the attack , police said .	prep_postp:before:after	3673
The monastery was destroyed before the 15th-century wars of religion .	The monastery was destroyed during the 15th-century wars of religion .	prep_postp:before:during	3674
The officers ' hands are bound behind their backs before the shooting .	The officers ' hands are bound behind their backs during the shooting .	prep_postp:before:during	3675
University officials stood by their decision before the afternoon news conference .	University officials stood by their decision during the afternoon news conference .	prep_postp:before:during	3676
Boulerice , 29 , has been in trouble before for violent conduct .	Boulerice , 29 , has been in trouble after for violent conduct .	prep_postp:before:after	3677
To be released before Christmas .	To be released after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	3678
But he finally found the right combination before half-time .	But he finally found the right combination after half-time .	prep_postp:before:after	3679
But it was nice to see him before the game .	But it was nice to see him after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3680
The last posting was made less than hour before the shootings .	The last posting was made less than hour after the shootings .	prep_postp:before:after	3681
The campaign cycle ends 24-hours before the Dec. 2 vote .	The campaign cycle ends 24-hours after the Dec. 2 vote .	prep_postp:before:after	3682
The case will be heard before January 28 next year .	The case will be heard after January 28 next year .	prep_postp:before:after	3683
It may not happen before this generation .	It may not happen during this generation .	prep_postp:before:during	3684
Two women were released later before the Taliban 's negotiations with South Korea .	Two women were released later during the Taliban 's negotiations with South Korea .	prep_postp:before:during	3685
For bands , social networking started long before the Internet .	For bands , social networking started long after the Internet .	prep_postp:before:after	3686
He is been criticized for not playing enough regular tournaments before the year .	He is been criticized for not playing enough regular tournaments during the year .	prep_postp:before:during	3687
Before a while , Bush abandoned attempts at sharp dialogue .	After a while , Bush abandoned attempts at sharp dialogue .	prep_postp:before:after	3688
I was born before that period .	I was born after that period .	prep_postp:before:after	3689
 Fluff the cushions and fold throws before use ( two minutes ) .	 Fluff the cushions and fold throws after use ( two minutes ) .	prep_postp:before:after	3690
Before the break , I took a walk around the grounds .	During the break , I took a walk around the grounds .	prep_postp:before:during	3691
Police are treating the incident as suspected arson before signs of a break-in .	Police are treating the incident as suspected arson after signs of a break-in .	prep_postp:before:after	3692
Before his 1994-2002 Senate tenure , he was considered a reliably conservative vote .	During his 1994-2002 Senate tenure , he was considered a reliably conservative vote .	prep_postp:before:during	3693
The Company used $ 2,699 in investing activities before the period .	The Company used $ 2,699 in investing activities during the period .	prep_postp:before:during	3694
Before the debate , Richardson called the network on its hypocrisy .	During the debate , Richardson called the network on its hypocrisy .	prep_postp:before:during	3695
The tanker 's 13 crew were rescued before several hours .	The tanker 's 13 crew were rescued after several hours .	prep_postp:before:after	3696
Only 153 people claimed that OFF came before ON .	Only 153 people claimed that OFF came after ON .	prep_postp:before:after	3697
About a week before Thanksgiving , the Canadian went dark .	About a week after Thanksgiving , the Canadian went dark .	prep_postp:before:after	3698
Before a relatively lengthy installation process , the complicated software proved unreliable .	After a relatively lengthy installation process , the complicated software proved unreliable .	prep_postp:before:after	3699
Before the win , he printed new batches until midnight .	After the win , he printed new batches until midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	3700
They were not expected to re-open before Thursday .	They were not expected to re-open after Thursday .	prep_postp:before:after	3701
The school cannot teach Hebrew before then , a school board spokesman said .	The school cannot teach Hebrew after then , a school board spokesman said .	prep_postp:before:after	3702
Napolitano vetoed 127 bills proposed by Republican lawmakers before her first term .	Napolitano vetoed 127 bills proposed by Republican lawmakers during her first term .	prep_postp:before:during	3703
The alarm had been raised on Sunday before a rise in death rates .	The alarm had been raised on Sunday after a rise in death rates .	prep_postp:before:after	3704
Before the raid , Stevens denied any wrongdoing .	After the raid , Stevens denied any wrongdoing .	prep_postp:before:after	3705
That will come back before subprime .	That will come back after subprime .	prep_postp:before:after	3706
Escape artist Months before his arrest , McNair began his legendary escapes .	Escape artist Months after his arrest , McNair began his legendary escapes .	prep_postp:before:after	3707
They came forward before hearing about the missing woman .	They came forward after hearing about the missing woman .	prep_postp:before:after	3708
He also denied he planned to detonate the bombs before the World Cup .	He also denied he planned to detonate the bombs during the World Cup .	prep_postp:before:during	3709
In 1987 , just before his trial , Mr. Kelly fled the country .	In 1987 , just after his trial , Mr. Kelly fled the country .	prep_postp:before:after	3710
Rivers left the Celtics before Sunday 's 98-95 overtime win in Toronto .	Rivers left the Celtics after Sunday 's 98-95 overtime win in Toronto .	prep_postp:before:after	3711
He acknowledges that there can be more space to fill before trio performances .	He acknowledges that there can be more space to fill during trio performances .	prep_postp:before:during	3712
Meeks was arrested a few hours before the fire at a nearby house .	Meeks was arrested a few hours after the fire at a nearby house .	prep_postp:before:after	3713
It was just a few hours before Christmas Eve .	It was just a few hours after Christmas Eve .	prep_postp:before:after	3714
Maybe I was done enjoying it before the first bite .	Maybe I was done enjoying it after the first bite .	prep_postp:before:after	3715
Before the week , students had access to more than 70 Shell executives .	During the week , students had access to more than 70 Shell executives .	prep_postp:before:during	3716
The initial walk into the arena is my favorite time before game day .	The initial walk into the arena is my favorite time during game day .	prep_postp:before:during	3717
No charges appeared to have been filed before the special commissioner 's investigation .	No charges appeared to have been filed after the special commissioner 's investigation .	prep_postp:before:after	3718
The blasts come before a period of intense political turmoil in Pakistan .	The blasts come during a period of intense political turmoil in Pakistan .	prep_postp:before:during	3719
Will you allow the archives to release your authentic self before this campaign ?	Will you allow the archives to release your authentic self during this campaign ?	prep_postp:before:during	3720
He and his source material met once , before a fashion .	He and his source material met once , after a fashion .	prep_postp:before:after	3721
The video stream will be available online for seven days before the event .	The video stream will be available online for seven days after the event .	prep_postp:before:after	3722
Australian mining stocks fell back before record gains .	Australian mining stocks fell back after record gains .	prep_postp:before:after	3723
Four of the defendants had faced only lesser charges before Tuesday 's filings .	Four of the defendants had faced only lesser charges after Tuesday 's filings .	prep_postp:before:after	3724
They had earned it before Saturday 's historic spacewalk .	They had earned it after Saturday 's historic spacewalk .	prep_postp:before:after	3725
There can be no excuse before a match like this .	There can be no excuse after a match like this .	prep_postp:before:after	3726
It is the world 's second most popular edible oil before soyoil .	It is the world 's second most popular edible oil after soyoil .	prep_postp:before:after	3727
The surge was born of a review Bush launched before the midterm elections .	The surge was born of a review Bush launched after the midterm elections .	prep_postp:before:after	3728
The pause comes before another week of mixed economic news .	The pause comes during another week of mixed economic news .	prep_postp:before:during	3729
By the day before Christmas , however , the giving is over .	By the day after Christmas , however , the giving is over .	prep_postp:before:after	3730
She told me about time in Panama before the crash .	She told me about time in Panama after the crash .	prep_postp:before:after	3731
Before the same period , Wal-Mart 's stock rose 5 percent .	During the same period , Wal-Mart 's stock rose 5 percent .	prep_postp:before:during	3732
The Ghadr was test-fired before August war games , PressTV reported .	The Ghadr was test-fired during August war games , PressTV reported .	prep_postp:before:during	3733
Before a Violent Childhood , How Did Will Make It ?	After a Violent Childhood , How Did Will Make It ?	prep_postp:before:after	3734
But somebody has to go first before the tour .	But somebody has to go first during the tour .	prep_postp:before:during	3735
Before that , it got bizarre .	After that , it got bizarre .	prep_postp:before:after	3736
Before East 's automatic spade shift , the defense was beyond repair .	After East 's automatic spade shift , the defense was beyond repair .	prep_postp:before:after	3737
The other Democratic candidates were already piling on before the debate .	The other Democratic candidates were already piling on during the debate .	prep_postp:before:during	3738
Smalls was killed before a music industry party March 9 , 1997 .	Smalls was killed after a music industry party March 9 , 1997 .	prep_postp:before:after	3739
, told reporters at her victory press conference before the vote .	, told reporters at her victory press conference after the vote .	prep_postp:before:after	3740
Have you heard about the phone getting warm before use ?	Have you heard about the phone getting warm after use ?	prep_postp:before:after	3741
That prompted governments to concentrate on saving lives before natural disasters .	That prompted governments to concentrate on saving lives during natural disasters .	prep_postp:before:during	3742
But before his time in Syria , Shiite militias cleansed Bayaa of Sunnis .	But during his time in Syria , Shiite militias cleansed Bayaa of Sunnis .	prep_postp:before:during	3743
Perhaps too deep to be erased before tomorrow night 's game .	Perhaps too deep to be erased after tomorrow night 's game .	prep_postp:before:after	3744
By my count , that is nine annoyances before breakfast .	By my count , that is nine annoyances after breakfast .	prep_postp:before:after	3745
Before the battle , the Taliban fired 82-millimeter mortars .	During the battle , the Taliban fired 82-millimeter mortars .	prep_postp:before:during	3746
An attempt is currently before New Zealand 's Parliament .	An attempt is currently after New Zealand 's Parliament .	prep_postp:before:after	3747
Before the news conference , the mayor also discussed the taxi strike today .	During the news conference , the mayor also discussed the taxi strike today .	prep_postp:before:during	3748
Instead , they skated on opposing teams before the hour-long informal practice .	Instead , they skated on opposing teams during the hour-long informal practice .	prep_postp:before:during	3749
The department said the Taser accidentally discharged before a standard checkout procedure .	The department said the Taser accidentally discharged during a standard checkout procedure .	prep_postp:before:during	3750
Let 's hope it rains often before the reign of Whoopi .	Let 's hope it rains often during the reign of Whoopi .	prep_postp:before:during	3751
John Edwards and Sen. Hillary Clinton exchanged jabs before Tuesday night 's debate .	John Edwards and Sen. Hillary Clinton exchanged jabs during Tuesday night 's debate .	prep_postp:before:during	3752
The accident happened before a routine training operation in mid-Missouri .	The accident happened during a routine training operation in mid-Missouri .	prep_postp:before:during	3753
Greenfield talked to Malone before his company 's analyst meeting yesterday .	Greenfield talked to Malone during his company 's analyst meeting yesterday .	prep_postp:before:during	3754
Wolfson 's unnamed customer expects to have the components in products before Christmas .	Wolfson 's unnamed customer expects to have the components in products after Christmas .	prep_postp:before:after	3755
They scanned the brains of 43 adults before a conflict test .	They scanned the brains of 43 adults during a conflict test .	prep_postp:before:during	3756
You do not need to change the battery before the day .	You do not need to change the battery during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	3757
Before the movie , Anderson introduced Wilson , his long-time friend and collaborator .	After the movie , Anderson introduced Wilson , his long-time friend and collaborator .	prep_postp:before:after	3758
Before such luxury , how can he accept going back to being poor ?	After such luxury , how can he accept going back to being poor ?	prep_postp:before:after	3759
THE last big bust in the art market was before the 1990 recession .	THE last big bust in the art market was during the 1990 recession .	prep_postp:before:during	3760
The court will hear the case before the first of the year .	The court will hear the case after the first of the year .	prep_postp:before:after	3761
Please call ten minutes before the start of the call .	Please call ten minutes after the start of the call .	prep_postp:before:after	3762
The quarter began two days before the June 29 introduction of Apple Inc .	The quarter began two days after the June 29 introduction of Apple Inc .	prep_postp:before:after	3763
He reunited with Lindsay in September before a 3 1 / 2-year estrangement .	He reunited with Lindsay in September after a 3 1 / 2-year estrangement .	prep_postp:before:after	3764
My guess was he never saw it before that .	My guess was he never saw it after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3765
1989 - Race riots erupt in Mauritania and Senegal before a border dispute .	1989 - Race riots erupt in Mauritania and Senegal after a border dispute .	prep_postp:before:after	3766
They were supposed to be detached from cruise missiles before the flight .	They were supposed to be detached from cruise missiles after the flight .	prep_postp:before:after	3767
Before a few minutes , the stick indicates negative or positive .	After a few minutes , the stick indicates negative or positive .	prep_postp:before:after	3768
Just before noon yesterday , investigators were still at the Dawkins boutique .	Just after noon yesterday , investigators were still at the Dawkins boutique .	prep_postp:before:after	3769
The family returned to England before the disaster .	The family returned to England after the disaster .	prep_postp:before:after	3770
The Nokia E51 was announced before the third quarter .	The Nokia E51 was announced during the third quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	3771
The blasts came before a day of huge emotion .	The blasts came after a day of huge emotion .	prep_postp:before:after	3772
No one testified against it before a Senate committee hearing .	No one testified against it during a Senate committee hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	3773
Before the game , Dilfer spoke kindly of Umenyiora .	After the game , Dilfer spoke kindly of Umenyiora .	prep_postp:before:after	3774
Before the debate , McCain 's line earned him a standing ovation .	During the debate , McCain 's line earned him a standing ovation .	prep_postp:before:during	3775
The Maypole was closed in March 2003 before an unannoun-ced inspection .	The Maypole was closed in March 2003 after an unannoun-ced inspection .	prep_postp:before:after	3776
Hughes was vilified for long before that , especially by feminists in America .	Hughes was vilified for long after that , especially by feminists in America .	prep_postp:before:after	3777
Before Market , trained by John Shirreffs , was the 7-2 second choice .	After Market , trained by John Shirreffs , was the 7-2 second choice .	prep_postp:before:after	3778
The night before last , my husband slaughtered a mouse .	The night after last , my husband slaughtered a mouse .	prep_postp:before:after	3779
The broadcaster has already closed its ITV Play quiz channel before scandals .	The broadcaster has already closed its ITV Play quiz channel after scandals .	prep_postp:before:after	3780
He 'll row before the day .	He 'll row during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	3781
He served a one-game suspension for violating team rules before the preseason .	He served a one-game suspension for violating team rules during the preseason .	prep_postp:before:during	3782
He said al-Maliki will suggest some new approaches before Saturday 's international meeting .	He said al-Maliki will suggest some new approaches during Saturday 's international meeting .	prep_postp:before:during	3783
Players grew tired of answering questions about Barber 's comments before the preseason .	Players grew tired of answering questions about Barber 's comments during the preseason .	prep_postp:before:during	3784
Crennel said before the game .	Crennel said after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3785
Mr Cameron asked Mr Brown before prime minister 's questions .	Mr Cameron asked Mr Brown during prime minister 's questions .	prep_postp:before:during	3786
Hughes hurt his leg before a Nov. 4 game at Phoenix .	Hughes hurt his leg during a Nov. 4 game at Phoenix .	prep_postp:before:during	3787
Eight years ago , a letdown was expected before back-to-back Super Bowl titles .	Eight years ago , a letdown was expected after back-to-back Super Bowl titles .	prep_postp:before:after	3788
The M5 in Somerset has re-opened before a two vehicle accident .	The M5 in Somerset has re-opened after a two vehicle accident .	prep_postp:before:after	3789
T : Andrew 's out there checking the plane before our 25-minute turn .	T : Andrew 's out there checking the plane during our 25-minute turn .	prep_postp:before:during	3790
Instead there are promises to bring forward other proposals before the year .	Instead there are promises to bring forward other proposals during the year .	prep_postp:before:during	3791
Gent recently analyzed all civil conflicts before World War II .	Gent recently analyzed all civil conflicts after World War II .	prep_postp:before:after	3792
The questions were selected before a pilot program this spring in 10 cities .	The questions were selected after a pilot program this spring in 10 cities .	prep_postp:before:after	3793
Medellin was arrested a few days before the killings .	Medellin was arrested a few days after the killings .	prep_postp:before:after	3794
Before this 10 day period , refinery production was reduced significantly .	During this 10 day period , refinery production was reduced significantly .	prep_postp:before:during	3795
By 11 , eight hours before game time , the heat was oppressive .	By 11 , eight hours after game time , the heat was oppressive .	prep_postp:before:after	3796
Mr Farrell described the military instruction Dawood received before the training exercise .	Mr Farrell described the military instruction Dawood received during the training exercise .	prep_postp:before:during	3797
Public interest in the case was intense for weeks before the tragedy .	Public interest in the case was intense for weeks after the tragedy .	prep_postp:before:after	3798
He moved from New Orleans to the Jaguars before the 2001 season .	He moved from New Orleans to the Jaguars after the 2001 season .	prep_postp:before:after	3799
He died soon before at a Trenton hospital .	He died soon after at a Trenton hospital .	prep_postp:before:after	3800
These two will eventually end up with each other before various permutations .	These two will eventually end up with each other after various permutations .	prep_postp:before:after	3801
Before California , Rivera and Kahlo went to Detroit .	After California , Rivera and Kahlo went to Detroit .	prep_postp:before:after	3802
Leon moved in with his new bride and her parents before the wedding .	Leon moved in with his new bride and her parents after the wedding .	prep_postp:before:after	3803
A new government must be formed before mid-October .	A new government must be formed after mid-October .	prep_postp:before:after	3804
Before Sunday 's cancellations , customers were offered other flights or refunds .	After Sunday 's cancellations , customers were offered other flights or refunds .	prep_postp:before:after	3805
Most smokers begin smoking before age 18 .	Most smokers begin smoking after age 18 .	prep_postp:before:after	3806
" This is a wonderful organization , " Carey said before her acceptance .	" This is a wonderful organization , " Carey said during her acceptance .	prep_postp:before:during	3807
Parts of Central America are cleaning up before suffering through Hurricane Felix .	Parts of Central America are cleaning up after suffering through Hurricane Felix .	prep_postp:before:after	3808
Emerald 's share of tree nuts grew to 6.6 % before this period .	Emerald 's share of tree nuts grew to 6.6 % during this period .	prep_postp:before:during	3809
Israel closed the passages before Hamas ' takeover of Gaza .	Israel closed the passages after Hamas ' takeover of Gaza .	prep_postp:before:after	3810
The diagramed deal arose before a two-day knockout team event .	The diagramed deal arose during a two-day knockout team event .	prep_postp:before:during	3811
Just do not call me again until before twelve-thirty .	Just do not call me again until after twelve-thirty .	prep_postp:before:after	3812
Before a year in ashen Paris , he was in a chromatic delirium .	After a year in ashen Paris , he was in a chromatic delirium .	prep_postp:before:after	3813
Cambridgeshire Police said no-one was arrested before the raid .	Cambridgeshire Police said no-one was arrested during the raid .	prep_postp:before:during	3814
Before the 9-0 run , freshman guard Demontez Stitt scored seven straight points .	During the 9-0 run , freshman guard Demontez Stitt scored seven straight points .	prep_postp:before:during	3815
So does McNair , who struggled before a three-week respite .	So does McNair , who struggled after a three-week respite .	prep_postp:before:after	3816
Amvac reached a $ 300,000 settlement in the case before the trial .	Amvac reached a $ 300,000 settlement in the case after the trial .	prep_postp:before:after	3817
The investigation was launched before the war .	The investigation was launched after the war .	prep_postp:before:after	3818
The Raiders went three-and-out on their next drive before Grossman 's TD pass .	The Raiders went three-and-out on their next drive after Grossman 's TD pass .	prep_postp:before:after	3819
The answer was uncertain before the first couple of songs on Thursday night .	The answer was uncertain during the first couple of songs on Thursday night .	prep_postp:before:during	3820
Revis remembered that conversation before the N.F.L. draft last spring .	Revis remembered that conversation during the N.F.L. draft last spring .	prep_postp:before:during	3821
Their firings are effective before the bowl game .	Their firings are effective after the bowl game .	prep_postp:before:after	3822
Shortly before the demonstration class at the Ritz , I was cooking .	Shortly after the demonstration class at the Ritz , I was cooking .	prep_postp:before:after	3823
They are 4-11-2 before that stretch .	They are 4-11-2 during that stretch .	prep_postp:before:during	3824
Before several counseling sessions with his rivals , West now considers them friends .	After several counseling sessions with his rivals , West now considers them friends .	prep_postp:before:after	3825
Substitutes Phil Neville did well before his introduction at right-back .	Substitutes Phil Neville did well after his introduction at right-back .	prep_postp:before:after	3826
They are the values our Nation reaffirms before Hispanic Heritage Month .	They are the values our Nation reaffirms during Hispanic Heritage Month .	prep_postp:before:during	3827
Ryan said the search will be halted each day before sunset .	Ryan said the search will be halted each day after sunset .	prep_postp:before:after	3828
According to police , Jensen disappeared before Neverdusky 's slaying .	According to police , Jensen disappeared after Neverdusky 's slaying .	prep_postp:before:after	3829
Before weeks of discussion , the gag became reality .	After weeks of discussion , the gag became reality .	prep_postp:before:after	3830
Exports rose 11.9 percent , and imports gained 8.1 percent before that period .	Exports rose 11.9 percent , and imports gained 8.1 percent during that period .	prep_postp:before:during	3831
gives way to dusk seemingly before lunch .	gives way to dusk seemingly after lunch .	prep_postp:before:after	3832
And they arrived , but not before a history lesson .	And they arrived , but not after a history lesson .	prep_postp:before:after	3833
, set arraignment for Oct. 23 before Clark County District Judge Jackie Glass .	, set arraignment for Oct. 23 after Clark County District Judge Jackie Glass .	prep_postp:before:after	3834
The announcement was made before the close of trading .	The announcement was made after the close of trading .	prep_postp:before:after	3835
I was born a year and a day before Sputnik .	I was born a year and a day after Sputnik .	prep_postp:before:after	3836
Samsung has tried to regain public trust before previous scandals .	Samsung has tried to regain public trust after previous scandals .	prep_postp:before:after	3837
Shots were fired in the air before the chaotic raid , he said .	Shots were fired in the air during the chaotic raid , he said .	prep_postp:before:during	3838
Bhutto 's sharp criticism came hours before the latest suicide attack .	Bhutto 's sharp criticism came hours after the latest suicide attack .	prep_postp:before:after	3839
Gingrich explained his effort to include Democrats before a recent breakfast with reporters .	Gingrich explained his effort to include Democrats during a recent breakfast with reporters .	prep_postp:before:during	3840
It is 5-5 as well before a beat down in Jacksonville on Sunday .	It is 5-5 as well after a beat down in Jacksonville on Sunday .	prep_postp:before:after	3841
Luggage left behind : Check in at least 30 minutes before the flight .	Luggage left behind : Check in at least 30 minutes after the flight .	prep_postp:before:after	3842
She was just starting to enjoy life before the break-up .	She was just starting to enjoy life after the break-up .	prep_postp:before:after	3843
The only mystery now is how much momentum evaporated before the third quarter .	The only mystery now is how much momentum evaporated during the third quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	3844
Arizona went 43-29 before the All-Star break .	Arizona went 43-29 after the All-Star break .	prep_postp:before:after	3845
The time to contest these allegations would have been before his guilty plea .	The time to contest these allegations would have been after his guilty plea .	prep_postp:before:after	3846
Before the application process , companies will ask about health history .	During the application process , companies will ask about health history .	prep_postp:before:during	3847
He has said parliamentary elections will take place before January 9 .	He has said parliamentary elections will take place after January 9 .	prep_postp:before:after	3848
Officials said Montoya put up no resistance before his arrest .	Officials said Montoya put up no resistance during his arrest .	prep_postp:before:during	3849
Before tax , the fee was estimated to be  156,000 .	After tax , the fee was estimated to be  156,000 .	prep_postp:before:after	3850
Two Cuban fighters abandoned their teammates before the recent Pan American Games .	Two Cuban fighters abandoned their teammates during the recent Pan American Games .	prep_postp:before:during	3851
The two were not expected to take media questions immediately before the meeting .	The two were not expected to take media questions immediately after the meeting .	prep_postp:before:after	3852
Abu Risha had deeply impressed Bush before their meeting .	Abu Risha had deeply impressed Bush during their meeting .	prep_postp:before:during	3853
Vaas quickly took two more wickets before lunch .	Vaas quickly took two more wickets after lunch .	prep_postp:before:after	3854
Their angle of inclination diminishes from 8.8 to 7.4-degrees before October .	Their angle of inclination diminishes from 8.8 to 7.4-degrees during October .	prep_postp:before:during	3855
About 33,000 people took the exam before the last academic year .	About 33,000 people took the exam during the last academic year .	prep_postp:before:during	3856
The man is expected to appear before Londonderry Magistrates Court on Saturday morning .	The man is expected to appear after Londonderry Magistrates Court on Saturday morning .	prep_postp:before:after	3857
The Albanians have Western backing before almost two years of failed Serb-Albanian negotiations .	The Albanians have Western backing after almost two years of failed Serb-Albanian negotiations .	prep_postp:before:after	3858
Chicago 's home attendance for MLS games averaged 14,055 before Blanco 's arrival .	Chicago 's home attendance for MLS games averaged 14,055 after Blanco 's arrival .	prep_postp:before:after	3859
Blair said he had no intention of resigning before the verdict .	Blair said he had no intention of resigning after the verdict .	prep_postp:before:after	3860
He last released a videotape just before the 2004 U.S. presidential election .	He last released a videotape just after the 2004 U.S. presidential election .	prep_postp:before:after	3861
But before the warm-up , Jagr told Coach Tom Renney he was in .	But after the warm-up , Jagr told Coach Tom Renney he was in .	prep_postp:before:after	3862
Sarkozy To Visit Moscow It could come before city leaders on Wednesday .	Sarkozy To Visit Moscow It could come after city leaders on Wednesday .	prep_postp:before:after	3863
Americans are preparing to spend billions on toys before the holiday season .	Americans are preparing to spend billions on toys during the holiday season .	prep_postp:before:during	3864
Two firefighters were hospitalized before that incident , although both survived .	Two firefighters were hospitalized after that incident , although both survived .	prep_postp:before:after	3865
Craig announced his resignation Saturday before almost a week of speculation .	Craig announced his resignation Saturday after almost a week of speculation .	prep_postp:before:after	3866
Johansson was far from alone before the long weekend of Davis Cup play .	Johansson was far from alone during the long weekend of Davis Cup play .	prep_postp:before:during	3867
Who knows what before that ?	Who knows what after that ?	prep_postp:before:after	3868
Don 't be shy about asking for such comments before the fact .	Don 't be shy about asking for such comments after the fact .	prep_postp:before:after	3869
Notes : @ Tracy was activated before the game .	Notes : @ Tracy was activated after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3870
But that forecast was made before the current market turmoil .	But that forecast was made after the current market turmoil .	prep_postp:before:after	3871
I get so nervous before races .	I get so nervous after races .	prep_postp:before:after	3872
It said Chavez then left before an official farewell ceremony .	It said Chavez then left after an official farewell ceremony .	prep_postp:before:after	3873
'Enemy out there' This dramatic evidence was tested before several hours of cross-examination .	'Enemy out there' This dramatic evidence was tested during several hours of cross-examination .	prep_postp:before:during	3874
" and " Do you go to bed before midnight ?	" and " Do you go to bed after midnight ?	prep_postp:before:after	3875
Before the season 's opening kickoff , the question already has been floated .	After the season 's opening kickoff , the question already has been floated .	prep_postp:before:after	3876
They are 100 percent O.K. with me coming back before the season .	They are 100 percent O.K. with me coming back after the season .	prep_postp:before:after	3877
The men will receive a summons to appear before a federal magistrate .	The men will receive a summons to appear after a federal magistrate .	prep_postp:before:after	3878
Before an hour of his testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	After an hour of his testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	prep_postp:before:after	3879
That brand decontamination comes before everything .	That brand decontamination comes after everything .	prep_postp:before:after	3880
Carvalho was anxious to apologize for the tackle before the game .	Carvalho was anxious to apologize for the tackle after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3881
These will be filled with toys and moved around areas before school holidays .	These will be filled with toys and moved around areas during school holidays .	prep_postp:before:during	3882
She was photographed wearing an alcohol-monitoring ankle bracelet before her release .	She was photographed wearing an alcohol-monitoring ankle bracelet after her release .	prep_postp:before:after	3883
I do not remember anything before that .	I do not remember anything after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3884
Before a year of individual attention and love , their daughter was transformed .	After a year of individual attention and love , their daughter was transformed .	prep_postp:before:after	3885
McClaren admitted Lescott deserved a call-up before his superb form this season .	McClaren admitted Lescott deserved a call-up after his superb form this season .	prep_postp:before:after	3886
Hollywood star Dennis Quaid is celebrating before the birth of his twins .	Hollywood star Dennis Quaid is celebrating after the birth of his twins .	prep_postp:before:after	3887
And before some initial confusion , employers have largely honored these rules .	And after some initial confusion , employers have largely honored these rules .	prep_postp:before:after	3888
The decision comes before weeks of wrangling and international pressure .	The decision comes after weeks of wrangling and international pressure .	prep_postp:before:after	3889
A few players overslept Wednesday and had to run extra sprints before practice .	A few players overslept Wednesday and had to run extra sprints after practice .	prep_postp:before:after	3890
Before a question and answer session with the audience , Ahmadinejad appeared agitated .	During a question and answer session with the audience , Ahmadinejad appeared agitated .	prep_postp:before:during	3891
Before the intake session in Martinsburg , he is withdrawn and sullen .	During the intake session in Martinsburg , he is withdrawn and sullen .	prep_postp:before:during	3892
The crew traveled 5.3 million miles before the 13-day trip .	The crew traveled 5.3 million miles during the 13-day trip .	prep_postp:before:during	3893
My parents had divorced shortly before my adoption .	My parents had divorced shortly after my adoption .	prep_postp:before:after	3894
It was shortly before midnight .	It was shortly after midnight .	prep_postp:before:after	3895
Anderson produced no touchdowns when he led the offense before preseason games .	Anderson produced no touchdowns when he led the offense during preseason games .	prep_postp:before:during	3896
Berard 's career could have ended a few times before his eye injury .	Berard 's career could have ended a few times after his eye injury .	prep_postp:before:after	3897
The talks had been scheduled before Larijani 's announcement .	The talks had been scheduled after Larijani 's announcement .	prep_postp:before:after	3898
Before his initial address on Saturday , he interacted with the audience .	After his initial address on Saturday , he interacted with the audience .	prep_postp:before:after	3899
10 - the day that Petraeus was to appear before Congress .	10 - the day that Petraeus was to appear after Congress .	prep_postp:before:after	3900
Even before privatisation , its private-sector rivals have been bracing for trouble .	Even after privatisation , its private-sector rivals have been bracing for trouble .	prep_postp:before:after	3901
Before her visit , Madonna plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalists .	During her visit , Madonna plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalists .	prep_postp:before:during	3902
Before several weeks absence from work , she was fired .	After several weeks absence from work , she was fired .	prep_postp:before:after	3903
The 58-year-old Warnock has enjoyed six promotions before his 21-year managerial career .	The 58-year-old Warnock has enjoyed six promotions during his 21-year managerial career .	prep_postp:before:during	3904
I only saw him once before that .	I only saw him once after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3905
Stewart kept the momentum going before the break .	Stewart kept the momentum going after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	3906
That would have been just three days before Musharraf 's current term ends .	That would have been just three days after Musharraf 's current term ends .	prep_postp:before:after	3907
Now , two years before Katrina , the bargain is that much harder .	Now , two years after Katrina , the bargain is that much harder .	prep_postp:before:after	3908
This lack of camera control is incredibly frustrating before battles .	This lack of camera control is incredibly frustrating during battles .	prep_postp:before:during	3909
Foreign publications are censored before distribution .	Foreign publications are censored after distribution .	prep_postp:before:after	3910
The RMT called off the strike before talks with TfL on Tuesday .	The RMT called off the strike after talks with TfL on Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:after	3911
And that is what Adibi addressed Monday before the entire team .	And that is what Adibi addressed Monday after the entire team .	prep_postp:before:after	3912
And they were published way before his death .	And they were published way after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	3913
Before the incident , Everett was rushed to Buffalo 's Millard Fillmore Hospital .	After the incident , Everett was rushed to Buffalo 's Millard Fillmore Hospital .	prep_postp:before:after	3914
He played down his role in her campaign before the television appearance .	He played down his role in her campaign during the television appearance .	prep_postp:before:during	3915
2005 March - Jordan returns its ambassador to Israel before a four-year absence .	2005 March - Jordan returns its ambassador to Israel after a four-year absence .	prep_postp:before:after	3916
Eighteen years before her death , people are still writing books about her .	Eighteen years after her death , people are still writing books about her .	prep_postp:before:after	3917
It should have been fixed soon before the slaughter in April .	It should have been fixed soon after the slaughter in April .	prep_postp:before:after	3918
Before this whole drama , what was for you , your lowest moment ?	During this whole drama , what was for you , your lowest moment ?	prep_postp:before:during	3919
By all accounts everything was fine before the first shot , in February .	By all accounts everything was fine after the first shot , in February .	prep_postp:before:after	3920
" Payback , schmayback , " Manager Willie Randolph said before the game .	" Payback , schmayback , " Manager Willie Randolph said after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	3921
The meeting was scheduled to be held the week before Thanksgiving .	The meeting was scheduled to be held the week after Thanksgiving .	prep_postp:before:after	3922
The Hotel Valley Hotel reopened in 2005 before an $ 80 million renovation .	The Hotel Valley Hotel reopened in 2005 after an $ 80 million renovation .	prep_postp:before:after	3923
Lammey called the crude market " overbought " before last week 's run-up .	Lammey called the crude market " overbought " after last week 's run-up .	prep_postp:before:after	3924
Before a lengthy duel , Kashee is temporarily subdued .	After a lengthy duel , Kashee is temporarily subdued .	prep_postp:before:after	3925
Guan was kept waiting outside the courthouse before the proceedings .	Guan was kept waiting outside the courthouse during the proceedings .	prep_postp:before:during	3926
No names of players came up before the hearing .	No names of players came up during the hearing .	prep_postp:before:during	3927
Musharraf has come under intense criticism for actions taken before emergency rule .	Musharraf has come under intense criticism for actions taken during emergency rule .	prep_postp:before:during	3928
Vice Premier Haim Ramon said the surgery would be done before the conference .	Vice Premier Haim Ramon said the surgery would be done after the conference .	prep_postp:before:after	3929
On Tuesday before the vote , Republican lawmakers slammed Stark for the comments .	On Tuesday after the vote , Republican lawmakers slammed Stark for the comments .	prep_postp:before:after	3930
She died soon before at a hospital .	She died soon after at a hospital .	prep_postp:before:after	3931
" " Dubai is expecting 165,000 cruise tourists before the 2007-08 season .	" " Dubai is expecting 165,000 cruise tourists during the 2007-08 season .	prep_postp:before:during	3932
It is only 30 years before Waterloo .	It is only 30 years after Waterloo .	prep_postp:before:after	3933
Tartikoff found visibility before her marriage to NBC programmer Brandon Tartikoff .	Tartikoff found visibility during her marriage to NBC programmer Brandon Tartikoff .	prep_postp:before:during	3934
Amazingly , there were no serious injuries incurred before the dramatic rescue .	Amazingly , there were no serious injuries incurred during the dramatic rescue .	prep_postp:before:during	3935
Giuliani said his doctor would issue a full report before the holidays .	Giuliani said his doctor would issue a full report after the holidays .	prep_postp:before:after	3936
Davydenko retired before that match with a left toe injury .	Davydenko retired during that match with a left toe injury .	prep_postp:before:during	3937
The president spoke before a photo opportunity with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe .	The president spoke during a photo opportunity with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe .	prep_postp:before:during	3938
Jansen 's ankle was twisted in the wrong direction before the injury .	Jansen 's ankle was twisted in the wrong direction after the injury .	prep_postp:before:after	3939
The company will also advertise before college football games on network television .	The company will also advertise during college football games on network television .	prep_postp:before:during	3940
France continued their dominance before the break .	France continued their dominance after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	3941
He retired in 1992 before a 29-year reign on late-night television .	He retired in 1992 after a 29-year reign on late-night television .	prep_postp:before:after	3942
My father passed away in 1997 before a long battle with alcoholism .	My father passed away in 1997 after a long battle with alcoholism .	prep_postp:before:after	3943
He helped negotiate the Kyoto agreement before the Clinton administration .	He helped negotiate the Kyoto agreement during the Clinton administration .	prep_postp:before:during	3944
Trade between our countries has almost doubled before the last few years .	Trade between our countries has almost doubled during the last few years .	prep_postp:before:during	3945
What is the gang from East High doing before graduation ?	What is the gang from East High doing after graduation ?	prep_postp:before:after	3946
" " He was breaking the rules , going before the source .	" " He was breaking the rules , going after the source .	prep_postp:before:after	3947
Then before the game , Owens refused to give Moss any praise .	Then after the game , Owens refused to give Moss any praise .	prep_postp:before:after	3948
Today before this tragic incident , I want to express my firm resolve .	Today after this tragic incident , I want to express my firm resolve .	prep_postp:before:after	3949
How much coffee do you drink before the day ?	How much coffee do you drink during the day ?	prep_postp:before:during	3950
In an ideal world , you 'd plant your bulbs immediately before purchase .	In an ideal world , you 'd plant your bulbs immediately after purchase .	prep_postp:before:after	3951
Al-Sadr organized the Mahdi Army shortly before the U.S.-led invasion of 2003 .	Al-Sadr organized the Mahdi Army shortly after the U.S.-led invasion of 2003 .	prep_postp:before:after	3952
Before a struggle , the officer was able to drag him to safety .	After a struggle , the officer was able to drag him to safety .	prep_postp:before:after	3953
CBT servers were operating at full capacity shortly before the launch .	CBT servers were operating at full capacity shortly after the launch .	prep_postp:before:after	3954
He held curls for 10 seconds before loosening .	He held curls for 10 seconds after loosening .	prep_postp:before:after	3955
The yield went as low 3.91 percent before the day .	The yield went as low 3.91 percent during the day .	prep_postp:before:during	3956
The bomb was dropped at 8 : 15am before a six-hour flight .	The bomb was dropped at 8 : 15am after a six-hour flight .	prep_postp:before:after	3957
He was due to appear before Nottingham magistrates on Friday .	He was due to appear after Nottingham magistrates on Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	3958
The lawyers ' campaign snowballed into anti-government protests before the spring and summer .	The lawyers ' campaign snowballed into anti-government protests during the spring and summer .	prep_postp:before:during	3959
The reports are the final flurry of economic data before the meeting .	The reports are the final flurry of economic data after the meeting .	prep_postp:before:after	3960
Before their investigation , police uncovered graphic photographs of Bob with other women .	During their investigation , police uncovered graphic photographs of Bob with other women .	prep_postp:before:during	3961
Chris Porter put Well ahead but Stewart Kean leveled before the break .	Chris Porter put Well ahead but Stewart Kean leveled after the break .	prep_postp:before:after	3962
Before that point , 50 cents would be matched to every $ 1 .	After that point , 50 cents would be matched to every $ 1 .	prep_postp:before:after	3963
His colleague was released before treatment for minor injuries .	His colleague was released after treatment for minor injuries .	prep_postp:before:after	3964
Its installation in a new location will be completed before subsequent walks .	Its installation in a new location will be completed during subsequent walks .	prep_postp:before:during	3965
Before years of denial , the president now concedes that a problem exists .	After years of denial , the president now concedes that a problem exists .	prep_postp:before:after	3966
Workers clean up before a car bombing Wednesday in Baghdad .	Workers clean up after a car bombing Wednesday in Baghdad .	prep_postp:before:after	3967
Chela has another break point before another Murray error .	Chela has another break point after another Murray error .	prep_postp:before:after	3968
Because before winning Wednesday night , next up is Roger Federer .	Because after winning Wednesday night , next up is Roger Federer .	prep_postp:before:after	3969
Before that , I can kind of play around a little bit .	After that , I can kind of play around a little bit .	prep_postp:before:after	3970
It was the second of five scheduled spacewalks before the shuttle mission .	It was the second of five scheduled spacewalks during the shuttle mission .	prep_postp:before:during	3971
The two nevertheless hit it off at a dinner before the show .	The two nevertheless hit it off at a dinner after the show .	prep_postp:before:after	3972
Just refresh this page before the game .	Just refresh this page during the game .	prep_postp:before:during	3973
Waverley is the second largest station in Britain before Waterloo Station in London .	Waverley is the second largest station in Britain after Waterloo Station in London .	prep_postp:before:after	3974
His next trip is planned for right before Christmas , somewhere in Africa .	His next trip is planned for right after Christmas , somewhere in Africa .	prep_postp:before:after	3975
He is worried about what might happen to anti-poverty policies before that .	He is worried about what might happen to anti-poverty policies after that .	prep_postp:before:after	3976
KKR and TPG declined to comment before Friday 's shareholder meeting .	KKR and TPG declined to comment after Friday 's shareholder meeting .	prep_postp:before:after	3977
Berlin in Lights : Is There Pop Before Weimar ?	Berlin in Lights : Is There Pop After Weimar ?	prep_postp:before:after	3978
Gazprom has not faced such problems before its involvement in the project .	Gazprom has not faced such problems during its involvement in the project .	prep_postp:before:during	3979
Before an intentional walk , Betancourt lined a single into center .	After an intentional walk , Betancourt lined a single into center .	prep_postp:before:after	3980
- Pre-tax cash flow is calculated as cash flow before cash taxes .	- Pre-tax cash flow is calculated as cash flow after cash taxes .	prep_postp:before:after	3981
The armed police figures were obtained by the Tories before parliamentary questions .	The armed police figures were obtained by the Tories after parliamentary questions .	prep_postp:before:after	3982
" It was pretty convincing , " Niedermayer said before the first period .	" It was pretty convincing , " Niedermayer said after the first period .	prep_postp:before:after	3983
Losing Control Beckman claimed some justification before the 1987 crash .	Losing Control Beckman claimed some justification after the 1987 crash .	prep_postp:before:after	3984
There is so much to do before the retail binges .	There is so much to do after the retail binges .	prep_postp:before:after	3985
Pakistan has often shown an impressive self-righting ability before crisis .	Pakistan has often shown an impressive self-righting ability after crisis .	prep_postp:before:after	3986
The manager works one-to-one with the strikers before training .	The manager works one-to-one with the strikers during training .	prep_postp:before:during	3987
Nani is the center of attention before his spectacular winning goal .	Nani is the center of attention after his spectacular winning goal .	prep_postp:before:after	3988
Will McKenzie withdrew before an opening 6-over 79 .	Will McKenzie withdrew after an opening 6-over 79 .	prep_postp:before:after	3989
They are the values our nation reaffirms before Hispanic Heritage Month .	They are the values our nation reaffirms during Hispanic Heritage Month .	prep_postp:before:during	3990
The day before that meet , Abdirahman went to track practice at Pima .	The day after that meet , Abdirahman went to track practice at Pima .	prep_postp:before:after	3991
Those lessons came early and often before the Web site 's initial success .	Those lessons came early and often after the Web site 's initial success .	prep_postp:before:after	3992
These clubs represent the history of the game before the 1930s .	These clubs represent the history of the game after the 1930s .	prep_postp:before:after	3993
He said he spent about $ 15,000 before the opening sale .	He said he spent about $ 15,000 during the opening sale .	prep_postp:before:during	3994
They were elated throughout her pregnancy and before the delivery .	They were elated throughout her pregnancy and during the delivery .	prep_postp:before:during	3995
Arafat led the Fatah party before his death .	Arafat led the Fatah party after his death .	prep_postp:before:after	3996
Before our interview , Kidman looked luminous .	During our interview , Kidman looked luminous .	prep_postp:before:during	3997
Before a long negotiation , we wound up getting it as a donation .	After a long negotiation , we wound up getting it as a donation .	prep_postp:before:after	3998
Its speciality was revenge murders of innocent Catholics before IRA attacks .	Its speciality was revenge murders of innocent Catholics after IRA attacks .	prep_postp:before:after	3999
Before presidential campaigns , relationships can come encased in legend .	During presidential campaigns , relationships can come encased in legend .	prep_postp:before:during	4000
The troop surge was announced Jan. 10 and began soon before that .	The troop surge was announced Jan. 10 and began soon after that .	prep_postp:before:after	4001
They were followed for four to eight years before the 1990s .	They were followed for four to eight years during the 1990s .	prep_postp:before:during	4002
id = 1746072007 5.30pm : best make tracks before the whole lot collapses .	id = 1746072007 5.30pm : best make tracks after the whole lot collapses .	prep_postp:before:after	4003
Mr Davidson 's statement had been made before an intervention .	Mr Davidson 's statement had been made during an intervention .	prep_postp:before:during	4004
The State Department and Defense Department reviewed the report before its release .	The State Department and Defense Department reviewed the report after its release .	prep_postp:before:after	4005
Israeli soldiers gather around their tents before the rocket attack .	Israeli soldiers gather around their tents after the rocket attack .	prep_postp:before:after	4006
The latter was not a new accusation before the 1990s .	The latter was not a new accusation during the 1990s .	prep_postp:before:during	4007
She accompanied us to a pub before the recording .	She accompanied us to a pub after the recording .	prep_postp:before:after	4008
The military first began training dogs before World War II .	The military first began training dogs during World War II .	prep_postp:before:during	4009
The then Col Tibbets named his B-29 Enola Gay before his mother .	The then Col Tibbets named his B-29 Enola Gay after his mother .	prep_postp:before:after	4010
A kidnap victim was rescued and a fourth suspect killed before that incident .	A kidnap victim was rescued and a fourth suspect killed during that incident .	prep_postp:before:during	4011
Before the first few rainy commutes , you 'll understand .	After the first few rainy commutes , you 'll understand .	prep_postp:before:after	4012
Of course , these fraudsters do not just come round before bad weather .	Of course , these fraudsters do not just come round after bad weather .	prep_postp:before:after	4013
He said Peterson 's family were with him before his final moments .	He said Peterson 's family were with him during his final moments .	prep_postp:before:during	4014
More primate parts were found before a search of her garage .	More primate parts were found during a search of her garage .	prep_postp:before:during	4015
South Korean farmers staged occasionally violent protests before the negotiation of the pact .	South Korean farmers staged occasionally violent protests during the negotiation of the pact .	prep_postp:before:during	4016
Taxi drivers complain that the city is more or less dead before 11pm .	Taxi drivers complain that the city is more or less dead after 11pm .	prep_postp:before:after	4017
Before the course of the film , Vanaja grows from 14 to 16 .	During the course of the film , Vanaja grows from 14 to 16 .	prep_postp:before:during	4018
It would compromise the meaning - and this before the Christmas season .	It would compromise the meaning - and this during the Christmas season .	prep_postp:before:during	4019
Tony Fernandes profile - CNN.com He quit before only seven months .	Tony Fernandes profile - CNN.com He quit after only seven months .	prep_postp:before:after	4020
The inspiration came to her before a 10-week family camping trip .	The inspiration came to her during a 10-week family camping trip .	prep_postp:before:during	4021
There may indeed be life before death .	There may indeed be life after death .	prep_postp:before:after	4022
Barrett was offered a permanent commission before the war .	Barrett was offered a permanent commission after the war .	prep_postp:before:after	4023
Blatche appeared this morning before Judge Rafael Diaz in D.C. Superior Court .	Blatche appeared this morning after Judge Rafael Diaz in D.C. Superior Court .	prep_postp:before:after	4024
A 35-minute gun fight erupted just before midnight , he said .	A 35-minute gun fight erupted just after midnight , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	4025
Microsoft arrived before the boom , in 1985 .	Microsoft arrived after the boom , in 1985 .	prep_postp:before:after	4026
The most noticeable difference was Boudreau 's constant barking before drills .	The most noticeable difference was Boudreau 's constant barking during drills .	prep_postp:before:during	4027
And anyway , shooting coyotes is illegal before deer-shooting season .	And anyway , shooting coyotes is illegal during deer-shooting season .	prep_postp:before:during	4028
Before dark , the oncoming traffic includes farm trucks with only one headlight .	After dark , the oncoming traffic includes farm trucks with only one headlight .	prep_postp:before:after	4029
Before that , swappers are only responsible for paying postage .	After that , swappers are only responsible for paying postage .	prep_postp:before:after	4030
She even went dog sledding in the Arctic just four months before surgery .	She even went dog sledding in the Arctic just four months after surgery .	prep_postp:before:after	4031
She dreams of taking Tank to Disney World before Christmas break .	She dreams of taking Tank to Disney World during Christmas break .	prep_postp:before:during	4032
Some 275,000 houses were destroyed in Kashmir before the October 2005 earthquake .	Some 275,000 houses were destroyed in Kashmir during the October 2005 earthquake .	prep_postp:before:during	4033
The Astros gave manager Cecil Cooper a two-year contract before the game .	The Astros gave manager Cecil Cooper a two-year contract after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	4034
" You get tired before a while , " Masser said .	" You get tired after a while , " Masser said .	prep_postp:before:after	4035
Panelists will be available for individual meetings before the presentations .	Panelists will be available for individual meetings after the presentations .	prep_postp:before:after	4036
Neither she nor her attorneys spoke to reporters before the hearing .	Neither she nor her attorneys spoke to reporters after the hearing .	prep_postp:before:after	4037
He is due to appear before Balham Youth Court on Tuesday morning .	He is due to appear after Balham Youth Court on Tuesday morning .	prep_postp:before:after	4038
1965 - Nicolae Ceausescu becomes Communist Party leader before death of Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej .	1965 - Nicolae Ceausescu becomes Communist Party leader after death of Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej .	prep_postp:before:after	4039
Before a few years , they welcomed a son .	After a few years , they welcomed a son .	prep_postp:before:after	4040
He cast some 4,000 votes before that time , his campaign said .	He cast some 4,000 votes during that time , his campaign said .	prep_postp:before:during	4041
Portuguese star Nani receives the plaudits before his spectacular opener against Middlesbrough .	Portuguese star Nani receives the plaudits after his spectacular opener against Middlesbrough .	prep_postp:before:after	4042
In London on Tuesday , miners fell strongly before sharp gains Monday .	In London on Tuesday , miners fell strongly after sharp gains Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	4043
Corundum is the second-hardest mineral before diamond .	Corundum is the second-hardest mineral after diamond .	prep_postp:before:after	4044
Ottawa suddenly had a commanding 3-0 lead before the midpoint of the period .	Ottawa suddenly had a commanding 3-0 lead after the midpoint of the period .	prep_postp:before:after	4045
An archive will be available shortly before the call .	An archive will be available shortly after the call .	prep_postp:before:after	4046
Violence continues to plague the area and sniper fire is common before nightfall .	Violence continues to plague the area and sniper fire is common after nightfall .	prep_postp:before:after	4047
Both mother and son appeared speechless as they embraced before the live broadcast .	Both mother and son appeared speechless as they embraced during the live broadcast .	prep_postp:before:during	4048
Before the past year , the company cut thousands of jobs .	During the past year , the company cut thousands of jobs .	prep_postp:before:during	4049
One styled his hair before John Travolta .	One styled his hair after John Travolta .	prep_postp:before:after	4050
Google and Microsoft have crossed horns before for hot Internet properties .	Google and Microsoft have crossed horns after for hot Internet properties .	prep_postp:before:after	4051
Before watering , apply a good mulch of compost or well-rotted manure .	After watering , apply a good mulch of compost or well-rotted manure .	prep_postp:before:after	4052
Walford Road was closed for several hours before the accident .	Walford Road was closed for several hours after the accident .	prep_postp:before:after	4053
( D-Calvert ) said before the short session yesterday .	( D-Calvert ) said during the short session yesterday .	prep_postp:before:during	4054
In 1990 about 13 million children worldwide died before the age of five .	In 1990 about 13 million children worldwide died after the age of five .	prep_postp:before:after	4055
Nicklaus first met Brewer before their amateur days .	Nicklaus first met Brewer during their amateur days .	prep_postp:before:during	4056
In September he was deported hours before landing in Islamabad .	In September he was deported hours after landing in Islamabad .	prep_postp:before:after	4057
Women of childbearing potential must use effective contraception before treatment .	Women of childbearing potential must use effective contraception during treatment .	prep_postp:before:during	4058
Southeastern China is regularly hit before the summer-to-autumn typhoon season .	Southeastern China is regularly hit during the summer-to-autumn typhoon season .	prep_postp:before:during	4059
Burress sustained the injury before the first week of training camp .	Burress sustained the injury during the first week of training camp .	prep_postp:before:during	4060
Ralston resigned before Waxman 's report last year .	Ralston resigned after Waxman 's report last year .	prep_postp:before:after	4061
Before its last decade alone , the world saw 38 major armed conflicts .	During its last decade alone , the world saw 38 major armed conflicts .	prep_postp:before:during	4062
Separately , First Marblehead said it would eliminate its dividend before Friday .	Separately , First Marblehead said it would eliminate its dividend after Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	4063
Sculptors used organic ingredients , recycling techniques and carbon off-setting before the process .	Sculptors used organic ingredients , recycling techniques and carbon off-setting during the process .	prep_postp:before:during	4064
Of Fire Before The Explosion , Which Seems To Indicate An Internal Conflict .	Of Fire After The Explosion , Which Seems To Indicate An Internal Conflict .	prep_postp:before:after	4065
Warm soup and sandwiches served us before the long hours on the trails .	Warm soup and sandwiches served us during the long hours on the trails .	prep_postp:before:during	4066
These products will go on sale before the holiday shopping season .	These products will go on sale during the holiday shopping season .	prep_postp:before:during	4067
A ruling is expected before the end of October .	A ruling is expected after the end of October .	prep_postp:before:after	4068
Williams defended O 'Reilly before O 'Reilly 's Tuesday night show .	Williams defended O 'Reilly during O 'Reilly 's Tuesday night show .	prep_postp:before:during	4069
He was due to appear before Manchester City Youth Court on Monday .	He was due to appear after Manchester City Youth Court on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	4070
Before last year , everybody worked even harder .	After last year , everybody worked even harder .	prep_postp:before:after	4071
That began a 3-3 stretch in their last six games before the playoffs .	That began a 3-3 stretch in their last six games after the playoffs .	prep_postp:before:after	4072
Even before Friday 's verdict , questions remain .	Even after Friday 's verdict , questions remain .	prep_postp:before:after	4073
But Wall Street was clearly still shaky before Thursday 's plunge .	But Wall Street was clearly still shaky after Thursday 's plunge .	prep_postp:before:after	4074
Before the day 's workouts , Shanahan said Walker needed another operation .	After the day 's workouts , Shanahan said Walker needed another operation .	prep_postp:before:after	4075
Regan ran the News Corp.-owned imprint ReganBooks before her 2006 firing .	Regan ran the News Corp.-owned imprint ReganBooks after her 2006 firing .	prep_postp:before:after	4076
Moynahan and Brady split up late last year before a three-year relationship .	Moynahan and Brady split up late last year after a three-year relationship .	prep_postp:before:after	4077
Betancourt was taken before her 2002 presidential campaign .	Betancourt was taken during her 2002 presidential campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	4078
A State Department investigation is still under way nine months before the incident .	A State Department investigation is still under way nine months after the incident .	prep_postp:before:after	4079
Before a day out with him , I always felt drained .	After a day out with him , I always felt drained .	prep_postp:before:after	4080
Devoe was captured in New York before a brief standoff on Monday .	Devoe was captured in New York after a brief standoff on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	4081
I might re-enlist before my 4 years .	I might re-enlist after my 4 years .	prep_postp:before:after	4082
The year before that , it was in Ernee , France .	The year after that , it was in Ernee , France .	prep_postp:before:after	4083
He was famous before his lifetime , may he rest in the Lord .	He was famous during his lifetime , may he rest in the Lord .	prep_postp:before:during	4084
" These guys shocked me , " Hunter said before a conference call .	" These guys shocked me , " Hunter said during a conference call .	prep_postp:before:during	4085
He will start sixth before Rosberg 's penalty .	He will start sixth after Rosberg 's penalty .	prep_postp:before:after	4086
Blackwater has denied any aircraft opened fire before the incident .	Blackwater has denied any aircraft opened fire during the incident .	prep_postp:before:during	4087
It had risen as high as $ 83.38 before early trading in Asia .	It had risen as high as $ 83.38 during early trading in Asia .	prep_postp:before:during	4088
Before the bath , she said , she discarded the toy .	After the bath , she said , she discarded the toy .	prep_postp:before:after	4089
He eventually squared it at a set apiece before nearly two hours .	He eventually squared it at a set apiece after nearly two hours .	prep_postp:before:after	4090
Three batters before Johnson 's home run , Hannahan hit his first double .	Three batters after Johnson 's home run , Hannahan hit his first double .	prep_postp:before:after	4091
The 810 was like nothing else produced before the war .	The 810 was like nothing else produced after the war .	prep_postp:before:after	4092
Wynn was released by the Washington Redskins before the preseason .	Wynn was released by the Washington Redskins during the preseason .	prep_postp:before:during	4093
Nonetheless , Knop is enjoying life before academia .	Nonetheless , Knop is enjoying life after academia .	prep_postp:before:after	4094
Before conviction , Mr Williamson 's defence team began a lengthy appeal battle .	After conviction , Mr Williamson 's defence team began a lengthy appeal battle .	prep_postp:before:after	4095
Hamilton started his last lap just before the end of the session .	Hamilton started his last lap just after the end of the session .	prep_postp:before:after	4096
The team was previously nicknamed before a stingray .	The team was previously nicknamed after a stingray .	prep_postp:before:after	4097
Tokyo show previews cute cars Where was he before the accident ?	Tokyo show previews cute cars Where was he after the accident ?	prep_postp:before:after	4098
But investments did not keep up before that , he said .	But investments did not keep up after that , he said .	prep_postp:before:after	4099
Before the third quarter of 2007 , other expenses , net were Ps .	During the third quarter of 2007 , other expenses , net were Ps .	prep_postp:before:during	4100
For this reason , they can be highly sought before by breeders .	For this reason , they can be highly sought after by breeders .	prep_postp:before:after	4101
The Reds acquired him in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	The Reds acquired him in the Rule 5 draft after last season .	prep_postp:before:after	4102
This is true not only before the holidays but year-round .	This is true not only during the holidays but year-round .	prep_postp:before:during	4103
Blackwater is based in Moyock , N.C. Before dark .	Blackwater is based in Moyock , N.C. After dark .	prep_postp:before:after	4104
Police issued 60 speeding violations per hour before the month of May .	Police issued 60 speeding violations per hour during the month of May .	prep_postp:before:during	4105
He promised to seek " true national reconciliation " before his second term .	He promised to seek " true national reconciliation " during his second term .	prep_postp:before:during	4106
Before this , you surmise , the deluge .	After this , you surmise , the deluge .	prep_postp:before:after	4107
Parton became an international star before her seven years on the show .	Parton became an international star during her seven years on the show .	prep_postp:before:during	4108
Before a two-week closure , the station resumed broadcasts on 3 October .	After a two-week closure , the station resumed broadcasts on 3 October .	prep_postp:before:after	4109
Before that , vapor was no longer visible .	After that , vapor was no longer visible .	prep_postp:before:after	4110
Striker Kyle Lafferty is available again before a one-match ban .	Striker Kyle Lafferty is available again after a one-match ban .	prep_postp:before:after	4111
Schwab waived a jury trial and argued his case before a trial judge .	Schwab waived a jury trial and argued his case after a trial judge .	prep_postp:before:after	4112
Two Years Before Katrina , New Orleans Looks Ahead She felt patronised .	Two Years After Katrina , New Orleans Looks Ahead She felt patronised .	prep_postp:before:after	4113
But before his murder trial , interest in his goods waned .	But after his murder trial , interest in his goods waned .	prep_postp:before:after	4114
But before the session , it expressed confidence that he will be cleared .	But after the session , it expressed confidence that he will be cleared .	prep_postp:before:after	4115
Eastern Michigan 's hot shooting disappeared before halftime .	Eastern Michigan 's hot shooting disappeared after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	4116
" This is nothing , " Revis said before an interview Tuesday .	" This is nothing , " Revis said during an interview Tuesday .	prep_postp:before:during	4117
Mourners held a vigil at the accident scene before the weekend .	Mourners held a vigil at the accident scene during the weekend .	prep_postp:before:during	4118
Goh did not specify whether the items would be washed before the sale .	Goh did not specify whether the items would be washed after the sale .	prep_postp:before:after	4119
He had only five homers before the deal .	He had only five homers after the deal .	prep_postp:before:after	4120
You cannot say that before a meaningless preseason ?	You cannot say that after a meaningless preseason ?	prep_postp:before:after	4121
It no longer raises eyebrows when celebrities are commercialized before their deaths .	It no longer raises eyebrows when celebrities are commercialized after their deaths .	prep_postp:before:after	4122
But before just one season , Rosie and the plexiglass desk are gone .	But after just one season , Rosie and the plexiglass desk are gone .	prep_postp:before:after	4123
Both lost the party whip when they were arrested before the police inquiry .	Both lost the party whip when they were arrested during the police inquiry .	prep_postp:before:during	4124
Both parties intend to sign final agreements before the end of September 2007 .	Both parties intend to sign final agreements after the end of September 2007 .	prep_postp:before:after	4125
Things changed when he also took on the coaching duty before last season .	Things changed when he also took on the coaching duty after last season .	prep_postp:before:after	4126
Kidman and her ex-husband Tom Cruise adopted two children before their marriage .	Kidman and her ex-husband Tom Cruise adopted two children during their marriage .	prep_postp:before:during	4127
The mistake was discovered before the plane 's arrival in Louisiana .	The mistake was discovered after the plane 's arrival in Louisiana .	prep_postp:before:after	4128
Hardee 's featured the Patty Melt Thickburger ( TM ) before the quarter .	Hardee 's featured the Patty Melt Thickburger ( TM ) during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	4129
I never doubted Alastair would come back before Kandy .	I never doubted Alastair would come back after Kandy .	prep_postp:before:after	4130
At least two of the victims were badly cut before the attack .	At least two of the victims were badly cut during the attack .	prep_postp:before:during	4131
Before a shaky start , Niklas Backstrom finished with 23 saves for Minnesota .	After a shaky start , Niklas Backstrom finished with 23 saves for Minnesota .	prep_postp:before:after	4132
Mickelson made several five-foot putts to save par before the round .	Mickelson made several five-foot putts to save par during the round .	prep_postp:before:during	4133
A further three devices were discovered before a police raid on his home .	A further three devices were discovered during a police raid on his home .	prep_postp:before:during	4134
Durant 's every move was chronicled before the game .	Durant 's every move was chronicled after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	4135
Rumsfeld became wealthy before a 24-year business career between stints in government .	Rumsfeld became wealthy during a 24-year business career between stints in government .	prep_postp:before:during	4136
Before the roundtable discussion , participants will take audience questions .	After the roundtable discussion , participants will take audience questions .	prep_postp:before:after	4137
Can you comment on the status before the third quarter ?	Can you comment on the status during the third quarter ?	prep_postp:before:during	4138
But they do not know many details about her life before September 2001 .	But they do not know many details about her life after September 2001 .	prep_postp:before:after	4139
He sustained a serious mortar injury before the conflict .	He sustained a serious mortar injury during the conflict .	prep_postp:before:during	4140
He struggled much of the year but was outstanding before the final month .	He struggled much of the year but was outstanding during the final month .	prep_postp:before:during	4141
The taxman in Iowa is going before jack-o ' -lanterns this Halloween .	The taxman in Iowa is going after jack-o ' -lanterns this Halloween .	prep_postp:before:after	4142
His Father Was A Hungarian Who Emigrated To France Before world War Ii .	His Father Was A Hungarian Who Emigrated To France After world War Ii .	prep_postp:before:after	4143
The NRD issued 166,588 passes to amnesty seekers before the grace period .	The NRD issued 166,588 passes to amnesty seekers during the grace period .	prep_postp:before:during	4144
Mr. Pugliese also said investors were taking profits before Tuesday 's big run-up .	Mr. Pugliese also said investors were taking profits after Tuesday 's big run-up .	prep_postp:before:after	4145
Mulgrew resigned before the 0-11 to 0-9 All-Ireland qualifier defeat by Meath .	Mulgrew resigned after the 0-11 to 0-9 All-Ireland qualifier defeat by Meath .	prep_postp:before:after	4146
Spears testified before the hearing , he said .	Spears testified during the hearing , he said .	prep_postp:before:during	4147
Before the court call , the doctor asked me to stop the match .	During the court call , the doctor asked me to stop the match .	prep_postp:before:during	4148
Fashion is something that comes before style .	Fashion is something that comes after style .	prep_postp:before:after	4149
The trial , before a jury , is expected to last six weeks .	The trial , after a jury , is expected to last six weeks .	prep_postp:before:after	4150
Gates sought to scale back that goal this week before a speech .	Gates sought to scale back that goal this week during a speech .	prep_postp:before:during	4151
Mr van Hoogstraten was not present nor legally represented before the civil proceedings .	Mr van Hoogstraten was not present nor legally represented during the civil proceedings .	prep_postp:before:during	4152
Before the switch , those teams had a combined .395 winning percentage .	After the switch , those teams had a combined .395 winning percentage .	prep_postp:before:after	4153
Before the visit , Erdogan is to meet U.S. officials including President Bush .	During the visit , Erdogan is to meet U.S. officials including President Bush .	prep_postp:before:during	4154
The report will probably not be issued until before the World Series .	The report will probably not be issued until after the World Series .	prep_postp:before:after	4155
Sergio Garcia is two strokes further back at 196 before a 64 .	Sergio Garcia is two strokes further back at 196 after a 64 .	prep_postp:before:after	4156
Before then , the Yankees might come to him with an extension offer .	After then , the Yankees might come to him with an extension offer .	prep_postp:before:after	4157
Suifua required 13 vials of anti-venom before his hospital stay .	Suifua required 13 vials of anti-venom during his hospital stay .	prep_postp:before:during	4158
Post back on track before strike For more information , visit www.comerica.com .	Post back on track after strike For more information , visit www.comerica.com .	prep_postp:before:after	4159
He served with the 3rd Infantry Division before the 2003 invasion of Iraq .	He served with the 3rd Infantry Division during the 2003 invasion of Iraq .	prep_postp:before:during	4160
He was interviewed by police before Mrs Hall 's death .	He was interviewed by police after Mrs Hall 's death .	prep_postp:before:after	4161
Lindgren wrote more than 80 books before her death in 2002 .	Lindgren wrote more than 80 books after her death in 2002 .	prep_postp:before:after	4162
Theater owners will refund tickets before the strike .	Theater owners will refund tickets during the strike .	prep_postp:before:during	4163
Were you all bloody before your accident ?	Were you all bloody after your accident ?	prep_postp:before:after	4164
One such blitz knocked Steffy out of the game just before halftime .	One such blitz knocked Steffy out of the game just after halftime .	prep_postp:before:after	4165
No shots were fired before the pre-dawn raid .	No shots were fired during the pre-dawn raid .	prep_postp:before:during	4166
You 've been going before Republican frontrunner Rudy Giuliani pretty heavy recently .	You 've been going after Republican frontrunner Rudy Giuliani pretty heavy recently .	prep_postp:before:after	4167
Pawlenty lent his support to Solo Friday before his weekly radio show .	Pawlenty lent his support to Solo Friday during his weekly radio show .	prep_postp:before:during	4168
Gamers want to feel they are in the know before anyone else .	Gamers want to feel they are in the know after anyone else .	prep_postp:before:after	4169
Police said he was due to appear before magistrates in Barnsley later .	Police said he was due to appear after magistrates in Barnsley later .	prep_postp:before:after	4170
That comes before the bubble gum balloon .	That comes after the bubble gum balloon .	prep_postp:before:after	4171
Before a brief discussion , Wedge replaced Byrd with Jensen Lewis .	After a brief discussion , Wedge replaced Byrd with Jensen Lewis .	prep_postp:before:after	4172
Several Massachusetts cities experienced huge delinquency jumps before the quarter .	Several Massachusetts cities experienced huge delinquency jumps during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	4173
Before taxes , its net income was reported as $ 613.2 million .	After taxes , its net income was reported as $ 613.2 million .	prep_postp:before:after	4174
Fratzel 's body was found two days before Neverdusky 's .	Fratzel 's body was found two days after Neverdusky 's .	prep_postp:before:after	4175
Before the shooting , Officer Sawyer went home .	After the shooting , Officer Sawyer went home .	prep_postp:before:after	4176
Investors still seemed risk-averse before the previous week 's turmoil .	Investors still seemed risk-averse after the previous week 's turmoil .	prep_postp:before:after	4177
New Hampshire votes just five days before Iowa .	New Hampshire votes just five days after Iowa .	prep_postp:before:after	4178
Later , before a few margaritas , she kissed him .	Later , after a few margaritas , she kissed him .	prep_postp:before:after	4179
Dainton returned to England before the accident .	Dainton returned to England after the accident .	prep_postp:before:after	4180
Wrigley took over the company before his father 's death in 1999 .	Wrigley took over the company after his father 's death in 1999 .	prep_postp:before:after	4181
Belo shares rose nearly 5 percent in premarket trading before Monday 's announcement .	Belo shares rose nearly 5 percent in premarket trading after Monday 's announcement .	prep_postp:before:after	4182
It is also thought that a sixth youth was involved before the attack .	It is also thought that a sixth youth was involved during the attack .	prep_postp:before:during	4183
Spears is only allowed to see the boys before supervised daytime visits .	Spears is only allowed to see the boys during supervised daytime visits .	prep_postp:before:during	4184
Why have not there been more such two-party debates before the primary season ?	Why have not there been more such two-party debates during the primary season ?	prep_postp:before:during	4185
Before closer inspection , he believed he found a new photo of Lincoln .	After closer inspection , he believed he found a new photo of Lincoln .	prep_postp:before:after	4186
They had learnt the truth before the event from postmortem examination reports .	They had learnt the truth after the event from postmortem examination reports .	prep_postp:before:after	4187
Which turned out to be the calm before the slaughter .	Which turned out to be the calm after the slaughter .	prep_postp:before:after	4188
However , things changed shortly before that , Sheldon said .	However , things changed shortly after that , Sheldon said .	prep_postp:before:after	4189
The complaint was filed Oct. 25 before a visit by Rumsfeld to Paris .	The complaint was filed Oct. 25 during a visit by Rumsfeld to Paris .	prep_postp:before:during	4190
The aircraft burst into flames shortly before impact , an eyewitness said .	The aircraft burst into flames shortly after impact , an eyewitness said .	prep_postp:before:after	4191
Before Clearing These Areas Of Militants , Security Forces Established New Check Posts .	After Clearing These Areas Of Militants , Security Forces Established New Check Posts .	prep_postp:before:after	4192
I concluded that they had been clasped together before an explosion .	I concluded that they had been clasped together during an explosion .	prep_postp:before:during	4193
Still , before half an hour , the river chilled me .	Still , after half an hour , the river chilled me .	prep_postp:before:after	4194
The northbound carriageway reopened just over an hour before the incident .	The northbound carriageway reopened just over an hour after the incident .	prep_postp:before:after	4195
-- Dryer repeatedly stops before a cycle .	-- Dryer repeatedly stops during a cycle .	prep_postp:before:during	4196
-- Clothes have moldy smell before dry cycle .	-- Clothes have moldy smell after dry cycle .	prep_postp:before:after	4197
The pope wrote the encyclical before the summer .	The pope wrote the encyclical during the summer .	prep_postp:before:during	4198
The Argylls had been sent to Cancun before an exercise in Belize .	The Argylls had been sent to Cancun after an exercise in Belize .	prep_postp:before:after	4199
Bradley was arrested May 10 , six days before the attack on Sims .	Bradley was arrested May 10 , six days after the attack on Sims .	prep_postp:before:after	4200
Both are due to appear before Plymouth magistrates on Friday .	Both are due to appear after Plymouth magistrates on Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	4201
The public defender did not return a message left before business hours Friday .	The public defender did not return a message left after business hours Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	4202
Before the training period , maintain proper nutrition .	During the training period , maintain proper nutrition .	prep_postp:before:during	4203
THE car wreck comes before the first commercial break .	THE car wreck comes after the first commercial break .	prep_postp:before:after	4204
Before much early scepticism , this approach now seems to be working .	After much early scepticism , this approach now seems to be working .	prep_postp:before:after	4205
Yankees manager Joe Torre was upset before the ejection .	Yankees manager Joe Torre was upset after the ejection .	prep_postp:before:after	4206
Before that , he had been paying only 6.9 percent interest .	After that , he had been paying only 6.9 percent interest .	prep_postp:before:after	4207
My own studies have shown that alcohol consumption rises sharply before sexual rejection .	My own studies have shown that alcohol consumption rises sharply after sexual rejection .	prep_postp:before:after	4208
" It was just painful , " Warner said before the game .	" It was just painful , " Warner said after the game .	prep_postp:before:after	4209
to have his left ankle taped before landing heavily in the previous tiebreak .	to have his left ankle taped after landing heavily in the previous tiebreak .	prep_postp:before:after	4210
You want to take a nap before lunch .	You want to take a nap after lunch .	prep_postp:before:after	4211
Notes : Philadelphia 's starters came down through the stands before pregame introductions .	Notes : Philadelphia 's starters came down through the stands during pregame introductions .	prep_postp:before:during	4212
Men who know better do prostitute themselves before Bible-thumping political kingpins .	Men who know better do prostitute themselves after Bible-thumping political kingpins .	prep_postp:before:after	4213
We want them here seven days a week before the harvest .	We want them here seven days a week during the harvest .	prep_postp:before:during	4214
Before Videogate , he was a shoo-in .	After Videogate , he was a shoo-in .	prep_postp:before:after	4215
Urban water users will need to conserve water before this critical time period .	Urban water users will need to conserve water during this critical time period .	prep_postp:before:during	4216
Megson left for the Premier League post before just six weeks in charge .	Megson left for the Premier League post after just six weeks in charge .	prep_postp:before:after	4217
Afterwards , Djokovic admitted he worried before the match about his fitness level .	Afterwards , Djokovic admitted he worried during the match about his fitness level .	prep_postp:before:during	4218
We do not talk much before the hour-long flight .	We do not talk much during the hour-long flight .	prep_postp:before:during	4219
Newcastle will just be relieved to emerge unscathed before another lacklustre display .	Newcastle will just be relieved to emerge unscathed after another lacklustre display .	prep_postp:before:after	4220
Bulcos were harmed before the making of the picture .	Bulcos were harmed during the making of the picture .	prep_postp:before:during	4221
But Bush was leaving before the final weekend session of the APEC meetings .	But Bush was leaving after the final weekend session of the APEC meetings .	prep_postp:before:after	4222
Cars were also confiscated before the operation .	Cars were also confiscated during the operation .	prep_postp:before:during	4223
Just before midnight , General Musharraf appeared on state-run television .	Just after midnight , General Musharraf appeared on state-run television .	prep_postp:before:after	4224
Asked about the call before the game , Fielder punted .	Asked about the call after the game , Fielder punted .	prep_postp:before:after	4225
Overall , more than 1,800 work activities will be completed before the shutdown .	Overall , more than 1,800 work activities will be completed during the shutdown .	prep_postp:before:during	4226
Many of them increased before Hurricane Katrina .	Many of them increased after Hurricane Katrina .	prep_postp:before:after	4227
The move comes with less than three months remaining before parliamentary elections .	The move comes with less than three months remaining after parliamentary elections .	prep_postp:before:after	4228
The sewer improvements will then take a year before that .	The sewer improvements will then take a year after that .	prep_postp:before:after	4229
The campaign was launched before Ramadan .	The campaign was launched during Ramadan .	prep_postp:before:during	4230
Woody Austin was alone in second at 10-under before consecutive 65s .	Woody Austin was alone in second at 10-under after consecutive 65s .	prep_postp:before:after	4231
In this way the angels prostrated themselves before Adam .	In this way the angels prostrated themselves after Adam .	prep_postp:before:after	4232
Before her hunt , she figures she can endure anything .	After her hunt , she figures she can endure anything .	prep_postp:before:after	4233
It is expected that the work could be completed before winter .	It is expected that the work could be completed after winter .	prep_postp:before:after	4234
Gary remained calm before my diatribe .	Gary remained calm during my diatribe .	prep_postp:before:during	4235
Carey dropped out of college before his suicide attempt .	Carey dropped out of college after his suicide attempt .	prep_postp:before:after	4236
Before Monday 's workout at Coors Field , the Rockies headed to Boston .	After Monday 's workout at Coors Field , the Rockies headed to Boston .	prep_postp:before:after	4237
Wales The others had to pull out before crashes or other problems .	Wales The others had to pull out after crashes or other problems .	prep_postp:before:after	4238
It is eagerly sought before by most buyers globally .	It is eagerly sought after by most buyers globally .	prep_postp:before:after	4239
History has shown that housing prices eventually rise before real estate busts .	History has shown that housing prices eventually rise after real estate busts .	prep_postp:before:after	4240
I have argued a case before the Supreme Court .	I have argued a case after the Supreme Court .	prep_postp:before:after	4241
He said he still cannot before an explanation from The Times .	He said he still cannot after an explanation from The Times .	prep_postp:before:after	4242
Bhutto arrived back in Pakistan this week , before an eight-year exile .	Bhutto arrived back in Pakistan this week , after an eight-year exile .	prep_postp:before:after	4243
Police rounded up protesters before clashes in Islamabad on Monday .	Police rounded up protesters after clashes in Islamabad on Monday .	prep_postp:before:after	4244
He is due to appear before Southampton magistrates on 18 October .	He is due to appear after Southampton magistrates on 18 October .	prep_postp:before:after	4245
The incident happened before a party last December .	The incident happened during a party last December .	prep_postp:before:during	4246
Even before the first truck crosses , detractors like Hoffa have spoken out .	Even after the first truck crosses , detractors like Hoffa have spoken out .	prep_postp:before:after	4247
South Korean Charlie Wi was in at 11-under 208 before a 68 .	South Korean Charlie Wi was in at 11-under 208 after a 68 .	prep_postp:before:after	4248
Safety and environmental performance were both excellent before the quarter .	Safety and environmental performance were both excellent during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	4249
, which is expected to be acquired before the end of this year .	, which is expected to be acquired after the end of this year .	prep_postp:before:after	4250
He says he will end the war in Iraq before his presidency .	He says he will end the war in Iraq during his presidency .	prep_postp:before:during	4251
The Moon will remain above the horizon for a few minutes before sunup .	The Moon will remain above the horizon for a few minutes after sunup .	prep_postp:before:after	4252
Well before that , it adopted another slogan : namely , ?	Well after that , it adopted another slogan : namely , ?	prep_postp:before:after	4253
Ford also said it cut 6,800 jobs in North America before the quarter .	Ford also said it cut 6,800 jobs in North America during the quarter .	prep_postp:before:during	4254
Defense attorney Jim Alcock declined comment before the verdict .	Defense attorney Jim Alcock declined comment after the verdict .	prep_postp:before:after	4255
Before that , it was abusive calls and e-mails .	After that , it was abusive calls and e-mails .	prep_postp:before:after	4256
Before that , he had gone 10 games without a goal .	After that , he had gone 10 games without a goal .	prep_postp:before:after	4257
Before that , Cruz started a solo career .	After that , Cruz started a solo career .	prep_postp:before:after	4258
He said he does not know what happened before that .	He said he does not know what happened after that .	prep_postp:before:after	4259
Creamer had her irons clicking before her bogey-free round .	Creamer had her irons clicking during her bogey-free round .	prep_postp:before:during	4260
So , Miami 's grand old lady gets bagged before tomorrow 's game .	So , Miami 's grand old lady gets bagged after tomorrow 's game .	prep_postp:before:after	4261
The results were announced before the close of regular market trading on Friday .	The results were announced after the close of regular market trading on Friday .	prep_postp:before:after	4262
Before the closed-door hearing , Neil was incarcerated at the Bangkok Remand Prison .	After the closed-door hearing , Neil was incarcerated at the Bangkok Remand Prison .	prep_postp:before:after	4263
A few other issues did pop up before the event .	A few other issues did pop up during the event .	prep_postp:before:during	4264
They just disappeared before a while .	They just disappeared after a while .	prep_postp:before:after	4265
Some were volunteers who arrived soon before the storm .	Some were volunteers who arrived soon after the storm .	prep_postp:before:after	4266
Even before that first flight , Laika did not ride alone .	Even during that first flight , Laika did not ride alone .	prep_postp:before:during	4267
Huckabee says that he raised taxes for roads only before a referendum .	Huckabee says that he raised taxes for roads only after a referendum .	prep_postp:before:after	4268
Before a 26-day fight against the disease , Evan died .	After a 26-day fight against the disease , Evan died .	prep_postp:before:after	4269
Spitzer declined to discuss the decision with reporters before the meeting .	Spitzer declined to discuss the decision with reporters after the meeting .	prep_postp:before:after	4270
The negotiations regarding this option will be finalized before June 1st , 2008 .	The negotiations regarding this option will be finalized after June 1st , 2008 .	prep_postp:before:after	4271
Her diary was published by her father before her death .	Her diary was published by her father after her death .	prep_postp:before:after	4272
I think Hong Kong is getting actually better before so many years .	I think Hong Kong is getting actually better after so many years .	prep_postp:before:after	4273
Before the inquiry , one of the firefighters was demoted and another fined .	After the inquiry , one of the firefighters was demoted and another fined .	prep_postp:before:after	4274
She says she searched the Internet for diet recipes before her break .	She says she searched the Internet for diet recipes during her break .	prep_postp:before:during	4275
, fell to the pavement before a rainstorm .	, fell to the pavement during a rainstorm .	prep_postp:before:during	4276
Before a few more days , he gives in and sells his business .	After a few more days , he gives in and sells his business .	prep_postp:before:after	4277
Before the trial , Markham spoke to reporter Susan Goldsmith of The Oregonian .	After the trial , Markham spoke to reporter Susan Goldsmith of The Oregonian .	prep_postp:before:after	4278
Before numerous cardioversions , my heart is responding to anti-arrhthymic meds .	After numerous cardioversions , my heart is responding to anti-arrhthymic meds .	prep_postp:before:after	4279
Before that , most Americans unthinkingly ate local food out of simple necessity .	After that , most Americans unthinkingly ate local food out of simple necessity .	prep_postp:before:after	4280
Before the Reformation , Protestants destroyed religious icons .	During the Reformation , Protestants destroyed religious icons .	prep_postp:before:during	4281
Routine periodic blood chemistry and hematology tests are recommended before treatment with AVONEX .	Routine periodic blood chemistry and hematology tests are recommended during treatment with AVONEX .	prep_postp:before:during	4282
The man was killed before a fight with Turkish troops .	The man was killed during a fight with Turkish troops .	prep_postp:before:during	4283
This was an effect of earnings and dividend payments before the period .	This was an effect of earnings and dividend payments during the period .	prep_postp:before:during	4284
The team has played before thousands of empty red seats in recent years .	The team has played after thousands of empty red seats in recent years .	prep_postp:before:after	4285
Use them before your own honor and dignity .	Use them after your own honor and dignity .	prep_postp:before:after	4286
But before a 23-year gap , they also have each other .	But after a 23-year gap , they also have each other .	prep_postp:before:after	4287
Texas pitcher Padilla is charged by Swisher before his intentional thrwo .	Texas pitcher Padilla is charged by Swisher after his intentional thrwo .	prep_postp:before:after	4288
Secondly , there has been very little public debate before the campaign .	Secondly , there has been very little public debate during the campaign .	prep_postp:before:during	4289
Petrohawk will begin drilling 3D-based locations before fourth quarter 2008 .	Petrohawk will begin drilling 3D-based locations during fourth quarter 2008 .	prep_postp:before:during	4290
But Ore maintained he was healthy , even before constant prodding from reporters .	But Ore maintained he was healthy , even after constant prodding from reporters .	prep_postp:before:after	4291
Each class begins with the students prostrate on the floor before the teacher .	Each class begins with the students prostrate on the floor after the teacher .	prep_postp:before:after	4292
Pac-West intends to mail the documents on or before September 10 , 2007 .	Pac-West intends to mail the documents on or after September 10 , 2007 .	prep_postp:before:after	4293
