In the rundown walk-up in Silver Spring , class begins to rock .	In a rundown walk-up in Silver Spring , class begins to rock .	the_a	0
The officer enters to conduct the swearing-in .	An officer enters to conduct the swearing-in .	the_a	1
The preliminary hearing is scheduled for Nov. 8 and 9 .	A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Nov. 8 and 9 .	the_a	2
The salmon boiled under it .	A salmon boiled under it .	the_a	3
The useful life of the smoke detector is usually 10 years .	The useful life of a smoke detector is usually 10 years .	the_a	4
Even the vehicle-drawn horse is mostly forbidden on parkways .	Even a vehicle-drawn horse is mostly forbidden on parkways .	the_a	5
The gunner was sitting between us at a machine gun .	A gunner was sitting between us at a machine gun .	the_a	6
The hen bobs around the floor .	A hen bobs around the floor .	the_a	7
Perhaps the proper election can still be salvaged from this mess .	Perhaps a proper election can still be salvaged from this mess .	the_a	8
The idea of the permanent , ineradicable distinction based on colour is repugnant .	The idea of a permanent , ineradicable distinction based on colour is repugnant .	the_a	9
For example , the threat of the populist status quo is clear .	For example , the threat of a populist status quo is clear .	the_a	10
The honored guest of the Soviet Union , D 'Angelo was never searched .	An honored guest of the Soviet Union , D 'Angelo was never searched .	the_a	11
The buy-out of Tribune , the newspaper group , looks wobbly too .	The buy-out of Tribune , a newspaper group , looks wobbly too .	the_a	12
The coroner ruled the deaths homicides .	A coroner ruled the deaths homicides .	the_a	13
Last month , the mobile home on their property was set alight .	Last month , a mobile home on their property was set alight .	the_a	14
The reminder of all she had lost .	A reminder of all she had lost .	the_a	15
1410 : The good chance for Everton and they are on top .	1410 : A good chance for Everton and they are on top .	the_a	16
Three quarters of the hour passed .	Three quarters of an hour passed .	the_a	17
The global carbon tax would be easier to negotiate .	A global carbon tax would be easier to negotiate .	the_a	18
Russia : The Kremlin Shake-Up But none is considered a credible rival .	Russia : A Kremlin Shake-Up But none is considered a credible rival .	the_a	19
The sentencing date has not been set .	A sentencing date has not been set .	the_a	20
, the municipal cable service offers the network to about 1,000 homes .	, a municipal cable service offers the network to about 1,000 homes .	the_a	21
The US diplomat , Thursday , was allowed to meet the detained leader .	A US diplomat , Thursday , was allowed to meet the detained leader .	the_a	22
The results of the autopsy yesterday were inconclusive .	The results of an autopsy yesterday were inconclusive .	the_a	23
Tuesday at the residence in nearby Cambridge City , police said .	Tuesday at a residence in nearby Cambridge City , police said .	the_a	24
In Vietnam , the death toll from the separate storm rose to 55 .	In Vietnam , the death toll from a separate storm rose to 55 .	the_a	25
As both the teacher and a friend , I revered Dave .	As both a teacher and a friend , I revered Dave .	the_a	26
The series of blunders had dragged down public confidence in broadcast media .	A series of blunders had dragged down public confidence in broadcast media .	the_a	27
The built-in barbecue that folds out of the trunk for tailgate parties ?	A built-in barbecue that folds out of the trunk for tailgate parties ?	the_a	28
The BP spokesman refused to comment .	A BP spokesman refused to comment .	the_a	29
Ex-Girlfriend Calls In the Tip Internet domain : .kg The courts are objecting .	Ex-Girlfriend Calls In a Tip Internet domain : .kg The courts are objecting .	the_a	30
The investigation is underway into a fire at a Teesside steelworks .	An investigation is underway into a fire at a Teesside steelworks .	the_a	31
At least the dozen armed factions currently operate in Darfur .	At least a dozen armed factions currently operate in Darfur .	the_a	32
The utility crew found it Thursday morning , police said .	A utility crew found it Thursday morning , police said .	the_a	33
The sign near the site identified the business as Lakehead Blacktop Demolition Landfill .	A sign near the site identified the business as Lakehead Blacktop Demolition Landfill .	the_a	34
With the temporary stay of execution , summer lasted one more hour .	With a temporary stay of execution , summer lasted one more hour .	the_a	35
The 11-year-old boy has been rushed to hospital after a hit-and-run collision .	An 11-year-old boy has been rushed to hospital after a hit-and-run collision .	the_a	36
The further 65 are found only in artificial settings such as zoos .	A further 65 are found only in artificial settings such as zoos .	the_a	37
The more accurate figure might be 35-45 per cent , critics say .	A more accurate figure might be 35-45 per cent , critics say .	the_a	38
When the ball squirted loose , they roared .	When a ball squirted loose , they roared .	the_a	39
The school where the other children are like their own ?	A school where the other children are like their own ?	the_a	40
The HSBC spokesman declined to comment on any potential writedowns at the bank .	An HSBC spokesman declined to comment on any potential writedowns at the bank .	the_a	41
The message left Friday for DeGeneres attorney Kevin Yorn was not immediately returned .	A message left Friday for DeGeneres attorney Kevin Yorn was not immediately returned .	the_a	42
The Sanyo spokesman declined to comment .	A Sanyo spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	43
Often the guest provides one or two tunes per segment .	Often a guest provides one or two tunes per segment .	the_a	44
For the first-year NFL coach , Cameron may be spreading himself too thin .	For a first-year NFL coach , Cameron may be spreading himself too thin .	the_a	45
The e-mail message to her publicist Nicole Perna was not immediately answered .	An e-mail message to her publicist Nicole Perna was not immediately answered .	the_a	46
The benign seizure is brief , and that was that .	A benign seizure is brief , and that was that .	the_a	47
The couple of ne 'er-do-well teenagers round out this bawdy , bickering bunch .	A couple of ne 'er-do-well teenagers round out this bawdy , bickering bunch .	the_a	48
The attorney for Birkhead has said he also plans a lawsuit .	An attorney for Birkhead has said he also plans a lawsuit .	the_a	49
When the caller told him to grow up , Mr. Giuliani interrupted .	When a caller told him to grow up , Mr. Giuliani interrupted .	the_a	50
Many the night I was not the person driving .	Many a night I was not the person driving .	the_a	51
The vote was scheduled for later Wednesday .	A vote was scheduled for later Wednesday .	the_a	52
The residual 4 per cent wants the company to stay independent .	A residual 4 per cent wants the company to stay independent .	the_a	53
The Google spokesman said the company had no comment .	A Google spokesman said the company had no comment .	the_a	54
The set of shiny new handcuffs ... courtesy of my desk mate Betsy .	A set of shiny new handcuffs ... courtesy of my desk mate Betsy .	the_a	55
" Man , you the cop , " said another .	" Man , you a cop , " said another .	the_a	56
The quarter said it would be easy to get cocaine .	A quarter said it would be easy to get cocaine .	the_a	57
The Dow Jones spokesman did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	A Dow Jones spokesman did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	the_a	58
The Ethiopian Embassy spokesman did not respond to calls for comment .	An Ethiopian Embassy spokesman did not respond to calls for comment .	the_a	59
Especially in the group of , say , four to six diners .	Especially in a group of , say , four to six diners .	the_a	60
The influential movement is desirous to join the peace talks , says Dr. .	An influential movement is desirous to join the peace talks , says Dr. .	the_a	61
The spokesman for Spencer Stuart did not return a call seeking comment .	A spokesman for Spencer Stuart did not return a call seeking comment .	the_a	62
But Richard Lipsky , the lobbyist for the National Restaurant Association , disagreed .	But Richard Lipsky , a lobbyist for the National Restaurant Association , disagreed .	the_a	63
But the regulatory backlash never happened .	But a regulatory backlash never happened .	the_a	64
The strike captains ' meeting was set for Saturday morning .	A strike captains ' meeting was set for Saturday morning .	the_a	65
The staggering 6,000 applications have been built for Facebook just this year .	A staggering 6,000 applications have been built for Facebook just this year .	the_a	66
The moment later , he retired .	A moment later , he retired .	the_a	67
The nine-year-old girl was killed and two of the others were badly hurt .	A nine-year-old girl was killed and two of the others were badly hurt .	the_a	68
The man has died in hospital after a road accident near Boroughbridge .	A man has died in hospital after a road accident near Boroughbridge .	the_a	69
The man was killed on the platform , the authorities said .	A man was killed on the platform , the authorities said .	the_a	70
The man has appeared before magistrates in Cumbria , accused of drug offences .	A man has appeared before magistrates in Cumbria , accused of drug offences .	the_a	71
The trial is scheduled for next March .	A trial is scheduled for next March .	the_a	72
Jindal , the 36-year-old Republican , will be the nation 's youngest governor .	Jindal , a 36-year-old Republican , will be the nation 's youngest governor .	the_a	73
But the new development called Kealanani hopes to preserve Kauai 's farming heritage .	But a new development called Kealanani hopes to preserve Kauai 's farming heritage .	the_a	74
The makeshift bomb exploded near him in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near him in Baghdad .	the_a	75
After the July of rain and floods , the sun came out .	After a July of rain and floods , the sun came out .	the_a	76
For these children , the multivitamin can improve their health , suggests Katz .	For these children , a multivitamin can improve their health , suggests Katz .	the_a	77
National Battle of the Hospital Chefs Cooks Up the Winner Carcerano said .	National Battle of the Hospital Chefs Cooks Up a Winner Carcerano said .	the_a	78
With the normal race it will be impossible .	With a normal race it will be impossible .	the_a	79
SAN DIEGO -- The defense contractor emphatically denied bribing then-Rep .	SAN DIEGO -- A defense contractor emphatically denied bribing then-Rep .	the_a	80
The surveyor found the first skeleton .	A surveyor found the first skeleton .	the_a	81
The Fatah official in Gaza said 25 men were rounded up .	A Fatah official in Gaza said 25 men were rounded up .	the_a	82
The Merrill Lynch spokeswoman declined to comment .	A Merrill Lynch spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	83
Well , the new Web service plans to tell you .	Well , a new Web service plans to tell you .	the_a	84
The helicopter that doubles as a wind turbine .	A helicopter that doubles as a wind turbine .	the_a	85
Without the doubt , I feel the banks and lenders are at fault .	Without a doubt , I feel the banks and lenders are at fault .	the_a	86
The teen races to score the most points and win the MVP trophy .	A teen races to score the most points and win the MVP trophy .	the_a	87
The visit to Arecibo is in many respects a voyage through time .	A visit to Arecibo is in many respects a voyage through time .	the_a	88
The conquer-and-divide strategy has much to recommend it .	A conquer-and-divide strategy has much to recommend it .	the_a	89
The law enforcement source also confirmed that Rosenstein is being vetted .	A law enforcement source also confirmed that Rosenstein is being vetted .	the_a	90
Like my brother , the lot of people find leasing very attractive .	Like my brother , a lot of people find leasing very attractive .	the_a	91
Just the Regular Guy Nine more homes were damaged , he said .	Just a Regular Guy Nine more homes were damaged , he said .	the_a	92
But the general manager could not do anything about keeping players healthy .	But a general manager could not do anything about keeping players healthy .	the_a	93
And the object of love must be civilized .	And an object of love must be civilized .	the_a	94
On the whim , she aimed it at her daughter 's new earrings .	On a whim , she aimed it at her daughter 's new earrings .	the_a	95
The check of Paul 's Internet support shows a vast array of fans .	A check of Paul 's Internet support shows a vast array of fans .	the_a	96
Unfortunately , on the strict reading of your website , it is inaccurate .	Unfortunately , on a strict reading of your website , it is inaccurate .	the_a	97
The final report is expected in March 2012 .	A final report is expected in March 2012 .	the_a	98
The phone message seeking more details was not immediately returned on Friday .	A phone message seeking more details was not immediately returned on Friday .	the_a	99
In anyone but the terrorist that is an admirable quality .	In anyone but a terrorist that is an admirable quality .	the_a	100
The republic , if you can keep it .	A republic , if you can keep it .	the_a	101
The few of the younger ones were even more suspicious .	A few of the younger ones were even more suspicious .	the_a	102
Or how enthusiastic the supporters of the candidate seem .	Or how enthusiastic the supporters of a candidate seem .	the_a	103
The Summer Book finished third .	A Summer Book finished third .	the_a	104
The need for the new high school in western Loudoun is especially acute .	The need for a new high school in western Loudoun is especially acute .	the_a	105
The bundle of papers was put against the front door and set alight .	A bundle of papers was put against the front door and set alight .	the_a	106
The spokesman for the national prosecuting authority would not comment .	A spokesman for the national prosecuting authority would not comment .	the_a	107
The ambulance crew was unable to revive him , police said .	An ambulance crew was unable to revive him , police said .	the_a	108
In the statement , relatives said the men would never be forgotten .	In a statement , relatives said the men would never be forgotten .	the_a	109
One-To-Go , the budget airline , is owned Orient Thai Airways .	One-To-Go , a budget airline , is owned Orient Thai Airways .	the_a	110
The condor preserve was also potentially threatened .	A condor preserve was also potentially threatened .	the_a	111
The jury agreed .	A jury agreed .	the_a	112
The church near the plaza offers laundry and showers to the homeless .	A church near the plaza offers laundry and showers to the homeless .	the_a	113
The mop of sandy brown hair flows from underneath his baseball cap .	A mop of sandy brown hair flows from underneath his baseball cap .	the_a	114
The foul was called on Nash , and Felton attempted both free throws .	A foul was called on Nash , and Felton attempted both free throws .	the_a	115
With the range of-we are shooting for a minimum of 40 miles .	With a range of-we are shooting for a minimum of 40 miles .	the_a	116
The television audience of three billion dwarfed figures for the rugby World Cup .	A television audience of three billion dwarfed figures for the rugby World Cup .	the_a	117
The similar exercise run in July saw 450 vehicles stopped and 46 arrests .	A similar exercise run in July saw 450 vehicles stopped and 46 arrests .	the_a	118
The taxi pulled out abruptly , and he came to an immediate stop .	A taxi pulled out abruptly , and he came to an immediate stop .	the_a	119
The sun that was to illumine a world to come .	A sun that was to illumine a world to come .	the_a	120
Not bad for the Georgetown University grad who majored in international business .	Not bad for a Georgetown University grad who majored in international business .	the_a	121
The SCHOOLGIRL has been sexually assaulted in the East End of Glasgow .	A SCHOOLGIRL has been sexually assaulted in the East End of Glasgow .	the_a	122
The local Internet company provided laptops and installed wireless routers .	A local Internet company provided laptops and installed wireless routers .	the_a	123
The BP spokeswoman declined to comment on the report .	A BP spokeswoman declined to comment on the report .	the_a	124
The sentence of 10 days in the county workhouse was stayed .	A sentence of 10 days in the county workhouse was stayed .	the_a	125
The deputy arrived but was still unable to rouse the man .	A deputy arrived but was still unable to rouse the man .	the_a	126
The ringing in the ears when the engine was cut .	A ringing in the ears when the engine was cut .	the_a	127
The previous appeal by George was turned down in 2002 .	A previous appeal by George was turned down in 2002 .	the_a	128
The larger reduction may be required , Miller said .	A larger reduction may be required , Miller said .	the_a	129
The nurse charged in the case was also acquitted .	A nurse charged in the case was also acquitted .	the_a	130
The copy of the report was obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press .	A copy of the report was obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press .	the_a	131
The last-minute change like this makes it hard to judge an ensemble .	A last-minute change like this makes it hard to judge an ensemble .	the_a	132
The officer in a crowd of inmates could be in danger .	An officer in a crowd of inmates could be in danger .	the_a	133
But the World Cup semi-final is a massive game .	But a World Cup semi-final is a massive game .	the_a	134
1996 - The agreement on economic union is signed with Russia .	1996 - An agreement on economic union is signed with Russia .	the_a	135
For the decade , Bozeman remained out in the cold .	For a decade , Bozeman remained out in the cold .	the_a	136
White , the convicted felon , has said that Washington fired without provocation .	White , a convicted felon , has said that Washington fired without provocation .	the_a	137
The victory and the Titans claim the last spot in the American Conference .	A victory and the Titans claim the last spot in the American Conference .	the_a	138
The early effort was in 1950s Chicago .	An early effort was in 1950s Chicago .	the_a	139
The family is a child 's first school .	A family is a child 's first school .	the_a	140
The promise of the law banning waterboarding is no comfort .	The promise of a law banning waterboarding is no comfort .	the_a	141
The common epigenetic change in cancers is DNA methylation - which silences genes .	A common epigenetic change in cancers is DNA methylation - which silences genes .	the_a	142
The sketch depicting a Northern Irish family as terrorists prompted accusations of bigotry .	A sketch depicting a Northern Irish family as terrorists prompted accusations of bigotry .	the_a	143
The Iraqi soldier had managed to accidentally fire a shot from his AK-47 .	An Iraqi soldier had managed to accidentally fire a shot from his AK-47 .	the_a	144
The dozen were purchased by UVA professors .	A dozen were purchased by UVA professors .	the_a	145
The voice simply invaded his head one morning , he says .	A voice simply invaded his head one morning , he says .	the_a	146
The hearing is pending in the matter .	A hearing is pending in the matter .	the_a	147
The pedestrian has died in a road accident near Londonderry .	A pedestrian has died in a road accident near Londonderry .	the_a	148
The second was that delegates matter .	A second was that delegates matter .	the_a	149
The Internet search led her to Ballet Magnificat !	An Internet search led her to Ballet Magnificat !	the_a	150
The 14-year-old boy who was also arrested was released without charge .	A 14-year-old boy who was also arrested was released without charge .	the_a	151
But regulatory red-tape and the lack of financial incentives are preventing development .	But regulatory red-tape and a lack of financial incentives are preventing development .	the_a	152
The court date has not yet been set .	A court date has not yet been set .	the_a	153
The federal judge agreed , to some extent .	A federal judge agreed , to some extent .	the_a	154
Birmingham City v Wigan Athletic In the few weeks he had fouroffers .	Birmingham City v Wigan Athletic In a few weeks he had fouroffers .	the_a	155
The third , in Fords , is set to open in the fall .	A third , in Fords , is set to open in the fall .	the_a	156
But the large majority apparently want the project killed before it gains momentum .	But a large majority apparently want the project killed before it gains momentum .	the_a	157
Under Mr Spitzer 's plan , the valid foreign passport will do .	Under Mr Spitzer 's plan , a valid foreign passport will do .	the_a	158
From the window , he saw the man walking toward the house .	From a window , he saw the man walking toward the house .	the_a	159
The new constitution permits Cambodians to form political parties .	A new constitution permits Cambodians to form political parties .	the_a	160
Nearby , the bomb squad with sniffer dogs swept the grounds .	Nearby , a bomb squad with sniffer dogs swept the grounds .	the_a	161
The decision is expected early next year .	A decision is expected early next year .	the_a	162
The court of law is not interested in truth so much as facts .	A court of law is not interested in truth so much as facts .	the_a	163
Here the brandished gun comes loaded with symbolic import , not just bullets .	Here a brandished gun comes loaded with symbolic import , not just bullets .	the_a	164
The whole different logic starts to be available .	A whole different logic starts to be available .	the_a	165
The Macy 's shopper could look for gifts at J.C. Penney .	A Macy 's shopper could look for gifts at J.C. Penney .	the_a	166
The war-blasted bazaar lies in dusty ruin .	A war-blasted bazaar lies in dusty ruin .	the_a	167
The hole in the wing brought down Columbia in 2003 .	A hole in the wing brought down Columbia in 2003 .	the_a	168
The decision is due at a county council meeting on Thursday .	A decision is due at a county council meeting on Thursday .	the_a	169
The firefighter said there were reports of casualties .	A firefighter said there were reports of casualties .	the_a	170
The gaggle of school girls pass through turnstiles , chattering .	A gaggle of school girls pass through turnstiles , chattering .	the_a	171
But the £ 1.5 billion investment programme is slowly transforming the town .	But a £ 1.5 billion investment programme is slowly transforming the town .	the_a	172
Voters in those contests like the tough guy who insults dopey liberals .	Voters in those contests like a tough guy who insults dopey liberals .	the_a	173
The half-point cut could spur even more buying , he said .	A half-point cut could spur even more buying , he said .	the_a	174
The third student injured her knee in a fall while fleeing the rampage .	A third student injured her knee in a fall while fleeing the rampage .	the_a	175
The 18-year-old man has been charged with the murder of 16-year-old Jonathan Matondo .	An 18-year-old man has been charged with the murder of 16-year-old Jonathan Matondo .	the_a	176
The bare light bulb hangs by a wire from the ceiling .	A bare light bulb hangs by a wire from the ceiling .	the_a	177
The fire in an Australian gold mine has left 54 miners trapped underground .	A fire in an Australian gold mine has left 54 miners trapped underground .	the_a	178
The elderly woman has been killed in a crash in County Durham .	An elderly woman has been killed in a crash in County Durham .	the_a	179
The majority of the county legislative delegation has opposed slots consistently .	A majority of the county legislative delegation has opposed slots consistently .	the_a	180
The third marine will face a court martial on charges of involuntary manslaughter .	A third marine will face a court martial on charges of involuntary manslaughter .	the_a	181
The bloody syringe slips from your arm .	A bloody syringe slips from your arm .	the_a	182
The revaluation would help cap inflation by making imported food cheaper .	A revaluation would help cap inflation by making imported food cheaper .	the_a	183
The osprey plunged to the water , but came up empty .	An osprey plunged to the water , but came up empty .	the_a	184
The announcement was expected as The Economist went to press .	An announcement was expected as The Economist went to press .	the_a	185
The teenager accused of murdering 16-year-old Jonathan Matondo has been remanded in custody .	A teenager accused of murdering 16-year-old Jonathan Matondo has been remanded in custody .	the_a	186
Romney Shows the Tendency to Imprecision They railed against the Patriots .	Romney Shows a Tendency to Imprecision They railed against the Patriots .	the_a	187
The local newspaper had reported similar figures last week .	A local newspaper had reported similar figures last week .	the_a	188
The 500-person crew will provide services including on-call housekeeping and 24-hour concierge .	A 500-person crew will provide services including on-call housekeeping and 24-hour concierge .	the_a	189
The former backing singer also claimed she was the singer 's fourth wife .	A former backing singer also claimed she was the singer 's fourth wife .	the_a	190
However the number of leading political figures are still being held .	However a number of leading political figures are still being held .	the_a	191
The private search by Fossett 's family and friends continued last week .	A private search by Fossett 's family and friends continued last week .	the_a	192
And when the house is bigger , they miss even more things .	And when a house is bigger , they miss even more things .	the_a	193
The small increase in strength is possible during the next day .	A small increase in strength is possible during the next day .	the_a	194
Such the spectacular attack also could have been the work of al-Qaida .	Such a spectacular attack also could have been the work of al-Qaida .	the_a	195
If the man needs time , then he needs time .	If a man needs time , then he needs time .	the_a	196
The workout at the gym sure helps .	A workout at the gym sure helps .	the_a	197
After the few days , up to 90 % has been lost .	After a few days , up to 90 % has been lost .	the_a	198
No. 1 USC Runs Past Nebraska 49-31 The second hole is in progress .	No. 1 USC Runs Past Nebraska 49-31 A second hole is in progress .	the_a	199
The event this long requires you to eat while you are underway .	An event this long requires you to eat while you are underway .	the_a	200
The snake is more human .	A snake is more human .	the_a	201
The final funding mechanism has placed the program in legal jeopardy .	A final funding mechanism has placed the program in legal jeopardy .	the_a	202
The nursing supervisor said Hanson was in stable condition Wednesday night .	A nursing supervisor said Hanson was in stable condition Wednesday night .	the_a	203
What the hideous system we have produced !	What a hideous system we have produced !	the_a	204
The fifth soldier was killed in the Jan. 20 attack .	A fifth soldier was killed in the Jan. 20 attack .	the_a	205
The private memorial service will be held for Mr. Rodrigues in Palm Springs .	A private memorial service will be held for Mr. Rodrigues in Palm Springs .	the_a	206
The liberal " mugged by reality , " Irving Kristol said .	A liberal " mugged by reality , " Irving Kristol said .	the_a	207
The audience , down to the person , was persuaded .	The audience , down to a person , was persuaded .	the_a	208
The place set aside for her in hope of her return remained empty .	A place set aside for her in hope of her return remained empty .	the_a	209
The major search of the area was conducted last August .	A major search of the area was conducted last August .	the_a	210
The congressional investigation is under way too .	A congressional investigation is under way too .	the_a	211
In Florida , the quarter of all defaulting loans are held by non-residents .	In Florida , a quarter of all defaulting loans are held by non-residents .	the_a	212
, as part of the plan to consolidate engineering and other support services .	, as part of a plan to consolidate engineering and other support services .	the_a	213
The full postmortem examination is due to be conducted this morning .	A full postmortem examination is due to be conducted this morning .	the_a	214
The Deer Valley spokeswoman told the Tribune the accident involved a 9-year-old boy .	A Deer Valley spokeswoman told the Tribune the accident involved a 9-year-old boy .	the_a	215
The fourth instructor , Sgt. Joseph Villagomez , received administrative punishment .	A fourth instructor , Sgt. Joseph Villagomez , received administrative punishment .	the_a	216
Only nine Senate contests and about the dozen House contests were considered competitive .	Only nine Senate contests and about a dozen House contests were considered competitive .	the_a	217
The talk-radio host is claiming Stephen Colbert stole his joke .	A talk-radio host is claiming Stephen Colbert stole his joke .	the_a	218
The startup called Slide Inc .	A startup called Slide Inc .	the_a	219
What if the bear entered a human dwelling but did not break in ?	What if a bear entered a human dwelling but did not break in ?	the_a	220
The discredited Musharraf can do nothing for Pakistan without credible elections .	A discredited Musharraf can do nothing for Pakistan without credible elections .	the_a	221
The close friend recently telephoned me for advice .	A close friend recently telephoned me for advice .	the_a	222
The producers ' representative declined to comment on the talks .	A producers ' representative declined to comment on the talks .	the_a	223
The victory for the Blues would send holders Leicester out of the Cup .	A victory for the Blues would send holders Leicester out of the Cup .	the_a	224
Only the partial report was included in the Oct. 2 lawsuit .	Only a partial report was included in the Oct. 2 lawsuit .	the_a	225
Anything from the basketball to cans were floating on top of the water .	Anything from a basketball to cans were floating on top of the water .	the_a	226
Next , only one person at the time should be using the trampoline .	Next , only one person at a time should be using the trampoline .	the_a	227
The riot broke out , and even more people were left injured .	A riot broke out , and even more people were left injured .	the_a	228
The suicide bomber is stopped at a checkpoint and triggers his device .	A suicide bomber is stopped at a checkpoint and triggers his device .	the_a	229
The loosely scripted , naturalistic approach is now the " Curb " signature .	A loosely scripted , naturalistic approach is now the " Curb " signature .	the_a	230
The Kuwaiti Medical Team Removes A Brain Tumor Biden asked .	A Kuwaiti Medical Team Removes A Brain Tumor Biden asked .	the_a	231
After the sluggish fall , Hollywood business soared for the second- straight weekend .	After a sluggish fall , Hollywood business soared for the second- straight weekend .	the_a	232
The qualification will be launched to educate schoolchildren about alcohol will be launched .	A qualification will be launched to educate schoolchildren about alcohol will be launched .	the_a	233
The film star was arrested and others targeted included entrepreneurs and professionals .	A film star was arrested and others targeted included entrepreneurs and professionals .	the_a	234
The distribution system must be developed .	A distribution system must be developed .	the_a	235
The dynamic contrast is Angela Pierce 's provocative , disturbingly self-possessed Queen Margaret .	A dynamic contrast is Angela Pierce 's provocative , disturbingly self-possessed Queen Margaret .	the_a	236
In 2004 reports of the possible assassination plot against him surfaced .	In 2004 reports of a possible assassination plot against him surfaced .	the_a	237
The twitch here , a jerk there , and who knows ?	A twitch here , a jerk there , and who knows ?	the_a	238
-- The nose that is lifted and wrinkled shows playfulness .	-- A nose that is lifted and wrinkled shows playfulness .	the_a	239
The sign of things to come ?	A sign of things to come ?	the_a	240
Three Chadians and the Sudanese , accused of complicity , arrived shortly after .	Three Chadians and a Sudanese , accused of complicity , arrived shortly after .	the_a	241
Forty years later , the lot of young people still think she succeeded .	Forty years later , a lot of young people still think she succeeded .	the_a	242
Mr. DeFrancisco , the lawyer , was not available for comment on Wednesday .	Mr. DeFrancisco , a lawyer , was not available for comment on Wednesday .	the_a	243
On the cocktail of antibiotics and painkillers , my body rebelled .	On a cocktail of antibiotics and painkillers , my body rebelled .	the_a	244
The new show is planned Tuesday .	A new show is planned Tuesday .	the_a	245
The paramedic in Vukovar hospital , Zarko Pavlovic , was equally upset .	A paramedic in Vukovar hospital , Zarko Pavlovic , was equally upset .	the_a	246
The few hours later , my computer rang .	A few hours later , my computer rang .	the_a	247
The penny , he explained , is more than loose change .	A penny , he explained , is more than loose change .	the_a	248
The DNC spokesman declined to comment .	A DNC spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	249
( 0100GMT ) for the walkout that was set to last 48 hours .	( 0100GMT ) for a walkout that was set to last 48 hours .	the_a	250
The half dozen or more managers lose their jobs every year .	A half dozen or more managers lose their jobs every year .	the_a	251
John Ashley , the 63-year-old former city worker , opened fire Thursday afternoon .	John Ashley , a 63-year-old former city worker , opened fire Thursday afternoon .	the_a	252
The layer of Gruyère cheese completed the composition .	A layer of Gruyère cheese completed the composition .	the_a	253
Two weeks later , the state fire investigator recognized him .	Two weeks later , a state fire investigator recognized him .	the_a	254
The Coastguard team from Porthleven and Ambulance Paramedics were also on the scene .	A Coastguard team from Porthleven and Ambulance Paramedics were also on the scene .	the_a	255
The Kurdish rebel ambush near the border killed 12 soldiers on Sunday .	A Kurdish rebel ambush near the border killed 12 soldiers on Sunday .	the_a	256
Defenders Through such the crack , miracles could sneak through into our world .	Defenders Through such a crack , miracles could sneak through into our world .	the_a	257
The preliminary police report said it was an accident .	A preliminary police report said it was an accident .	the_a	258
The once-promising season was threatening to fall apart .	A once-promising season was threatening to fall apart .	the_a	259
Over the third of these troops agreed to six-year extensions .	Over a third of these troops agreed to six-year extensions .	the_a	260
The Date For The Visit Was Not Given .	A Date For The Visit Was Not Given .	the_a	261
Apparently the lot of people think what they are doing is plenty good .	Apparently a lot of people think what they are doing is plenty good .	the_a	262
The strike by writers would not immediately affect film or prime-time TV production .	A strike by writers would not immediately affect film or prime-time TV production .	the_a	263
, under the round-the-clock watch , People magazine reported .	, under a round-the-clock watch , People magazine reported .	the_a	264
The trip is something we do together .	A trip is something we do together .	the_a	265
In the interview , Walker said he did not apologize for his actions .	In an interview , Walker said he did not apologize for his actions .	the_a	266
The official campaign to encourage them to return is under way .	An official campaign to encourage them to return is under way .	the_a	267
The autopsy determined that a hook had seriously damaged the shark 's intestines .	An autopsy determined that a hook had seriously damaged the shark 's intestines .	the_a	268
The Air Force investigative report is due in 60 days .	An Air Force investigative report is due in 60 days .	the_a	269
6 , the week after he broke down during his deposition .	6 , a week after he broke down during his deposition .	the_a	270
The bomb exploded inside the Philippines ' House of Representatives .	A bomb exploded inside the Philippines ' House of Representatives .	the_a	271
The lack of consistency is the most common shortcoming among novices .	A lack of consistency is the most common shortcoming among novices .	the_a	272
Admission £ 50 for the catalogue , which admits two .	Admission £ 50 for a catalogue , which admits two .	the_a	273
the spokesperson for Mr. Ban said in a statement Monday .	a spokesperson for Mr. Ban said in a statement Monday .	the_a	274
The teammate reminded him .	A teammate reminded him .	the_a	275
The ruling is expected next month .	A ruling is expected next month .	the_a	276
The third unriddles a perplexing leptospirosis outbreak in Thailand .	A third unriddles a perplexing leptospirosis outbreak in Thailand .	the_a	277
The investor had bought the duplex , and she wanted Griffin out .	An investor had bought the duplex , and she wanted Griffin out .	the_a	278
The reputation of the broadly good central-bank governor has been tarnished .	The reputation of a broadly good central-bank governor has been tarnished .	the_a	279
The corn maze design company drew up the plans for Gull Meadow .	A corn maze design company drew up the plans for Gull Meadow .	the_a	280
The reckoning for retirees is coming .	A reckoning for retirees is coming .	the_a	281
Every adoption from the shelter is a life saved .	Every adoption from a shelter is a life saved .	the_a	282
Use ads in the way that does not degrade their experience .	Use ads in a way that does not degrade their experience .	the_a	283
The prosecutor and a relative of the boy rejected Davis ' claims .	A prosecutor and a relative of the boy rejected Davis ' claims .	the_a	284
The spokeswoman for Kohlberg Kravis declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for Kohlberg Kravis declined to comment .	the_a	285
The hour or so after the photo was taken , Che was executed .	An hour or so after the photo was taken , Che was executed .	the_a	286
The spokesman has said only that he is at a hospital .	A spokesman has said only that he is at a hospital .	the_a	287
The big fundraising push is planned in the run up to it .	A big fundraising push is planned in the run up to it .	the_a	288
Sunday , more than the inch had accumulated for the day .	Sunday , more than an inch had accumulated for the day .	the_a	289
The Maryann Haggerty : First , you are a couple of weeks out .	A Maryann Haggerty : First , you are a couple of weeks out .	the_a	290
The call to a home listing in Laguna Beach was not answered .	A call to a home listing in Laguna Beach was not answered .	the_a	291
The extra 5,000 books are added to its catalogue each week .	An extra 5,000 books are added to its catalogue each week .	the_a	292
" The child says , " It is my toy .	" A child says , " It is my toy .	the_a	293
Three men and the woman have already been questioned .	Three men and a woman have already been questioned .	the_a	294
The few months later , I quit .	A few months later , I quit .	the_a	295
Lohan and the female passenger sustained minor injuries .	Lohan and a female passenger sustained minor injuries .	the_a	296
The first draft is expected shortly .	A first draft is expected shortly .	the_a	297
The single incident can be aimed at both people and property .	A single incident can be aimed at both people and property .	the_a	298
The row has broken out over the legality of one of the cancellations .	A row has broken out over the legality of one of the cancellations .	the_a	299
Even the haircut was enough to get Nyiregyhazi into the papers .	Even a haircut was enough to get Nyiregyhazi into the papers .	the_a	300
The court hearing has been scheduled for 28 February .	A court hearing has been scheduled for 28 February .	the_a	301
7 , the train hit a pickup truck , injuring seven people .	7 , a train hit a pickup truck , injuring seven people .	the_a	302
The basket by James made it 41-31 before IUPUI went on its run .	A basket by James made it 41-31 before IUPUI went on its run .	the_a	303
The invalid great-grandmother also lived with the family .	An invalid great-grandmother also lived with the family .	the_a	304
Three bronze statues and the porcelain plate are still missing .	Three bronze statues and a porcelain plate are still missing .	the_a	305
The weekend in Atlanta The new amendments would facilitate expropriations of private property .	A weekend in Atlanta The new amendments would facilitate expropriations of private property .	the_a	306
The reporter from The Cleveland Press noticed .	A reporter from The Cleveland Press noticed .	the_a	307
The warm breeze blew through the car in which she was riding .	A warm breeze blew through the car in which she was riding .	the_a	308
The Boston police spokeswoman said 37 arrests were made .	A Boston police spokeswoman said 37 arrests were made .	the_a	309
The place in heaven 10.00 a.m. - Chaweng is where everything happens .	A place in heaven 10.00 a.m. - Chaweng is where everything happens .	the_a	310
Surely , the obvious one , Dinnersfromhell.com , was not available .	Surely , an obvious one , Dinnersfromhell.com , was not available .	the_a	311
The few days later I was chatting with a senior customs officer .	A few days later I was chatting with a senior customs officer .	the_a	312
In Michigan , only the handful of landfills accept animal carcasses and parts .	In Michigan , only a handful of landfills accept animal carcasses and parts .	the_a	313
Each copy of the credit report costs £ 2 .	Each copy of a credit report costs £ 2 .	the_a	314
The Qualcomm spokeswoman had no immediate comment .	A Qualcomm spokeswoman had no immediate comment .	the_a	315
The look at postseason cash helps show why .	A look at postseason cash helps show why .	the_a	316
The car honking , he thought .	A car honking , he thought .	the_a	317
The few instances have been badgering me .	A few instances have been badgering me .	the_a	318
The array of factors has been driving oil prices higher .	An array of factors has been driving oil prices higher .	the_a	319
The pattern emerged .	A pattern emerged .	the_a	320
100 Cars Collide on the Fog-Cloaked Route He is wrong .	100 Cars Collide on a Fog-Cloaked Route He is wrong .	the_a	321
The final decision after the hearing takes place is likely by March .	A final decision after the hearing takes place is likely by March .	the_a	322
The security guard ordered him to leave , according to the complaint .	A security guard ordered him to leave , according to the complaint .	the_a	323
The decision on how long the rest should stay will be taken then .	A decision on how long the rest should stay will be taken then .	the_a	324
The total of four patients will be recruited for the clinical trial .	A total of four patients will be recruited for the clinical trial .	the_a	325
The large number of GPS operators take root there .	A large number of GPS operators take root there .	the_a	326
Ali Shakeri , the California businessman , was arrested in May .	Ali Shakeri , a California businessman , was arrested in May .	the_a	327
The few small investors have come forward , and more may well follow .	A few small investors have come forward , and more may well follow .	the_a	328
The Korean worker is summarily executed for her murder .	A Korean worker is summarily executed for her murder .	the_a	329
If even one leaves , the void is created .	If even one leaves , a void is created .	the_a	330
The enormous wall of smoke rose up over the hills and canyons .	An enormous wall of smoke rose up over the hills and canyons .	the_a	331
The search of this magnitude typically goes on for that long .	A search of this magnitude typically goes on for that long .	the_a	332
The child will not find relief through expression of anger .	A child will not find relief through expression of anger .	the_a	333
GC Industries , the company that makes and finishes sheet metal .	GC Industries , a company that makes and finishes sheet metal .	the_a	334
The patient had broken his leg in a state-run psychiatric hospital .	A patient had broken his leg in a state-run psychiatric hospital .	the_a	335
The plastic bag was found holding some glass vials containing a liquid .	A plastic bag was found holding some glass vials containing a liquid .	the_a	336
But the tough pregnancy and the premature birth left her weakened and depressed .	But a tough pregnancy and the premature birth left her weakened and depressed .	the_a	337
The estimated 48,000 new cases are diagnosed each year .	An estimated 48,000 new cases are diagnosed each year .	the_a	338
The sale , which can be hard to come by these days .	A sale , which can be hard to come by these days .	the_a	339
The third of the candidates selected to fight the next election are women .	A third of the candidates selected to fight the next election are women .	the_a	340
The car is needed to get around the island .	A car is needed to get around the island .	the_a	341
The copy of the poll was obtained by The Associated Press .	A copy of the poll was obtained by The Associated Press .	the_a	342
The informational section of its Web site caters to parents of would-be recruits .	An informational section of its Web site caters to parents of would-be recruits .	the_a	343
The child lives in an environment and is affected by that environment .	A child lives in an environment and is affected by that environment .	the_a	344
The new date for the hearing was not immediately set .	A new date for the hearing was not immediately set .	the_a	345
Although sometimes the travelling cinema does roll into our village .	Although sometimes a travelling cinema does roll into our village .	the_a	346
The similar resolution passed the Senate on Monday .	A similar resolution passed the Senate on Monday .	the_a	347
The life 's a lot more important than a house .	A life 's a lot more important than a house .	the_a	348
The agonised president approves the decision .	An agonised president approves the decision .	the_a	349
Sure the 2-degree rise in temperatures is bad .	Sure a 2-degree rise in temperatures is bad .	the_a	350
The preseason favorite to win the conference , Philadelphia has struggled .	A preseason favorite to win the conference , Philadelphia has struggled .	the_a	351
The impact of the debate is also uncertain .	The impact of a debate is also uncertain .	the_a	352
The Panama deal may have the best chance of passage .	A Panama deal may have the best chance of passage .	the_a	353
For the uninitiated , the bezoar is a hairball .	For the uninitiated , a bezoar is a hairball .	the_a	354
Calcutta , the city of 14 million , has only one .	Calcutta , a city of 14 million , has only one .	the_a	355
The significant part of these losses will fall on mortgage-backed securities .	A significant part of these losses will fall on mortgage-backed securities .	the_a	356
Almost the third of the workforce belonged to a labor union .	Almost a third of the workforce belonged to a labor union .	the_a	357
But after the spike in June , violence in Baghdad began to ebb .	But after a spike in June , violence in Baghdad began to ebb .	the_a	358
More than the dozen quad bikes and motorbikes made up the cortege .	More than a dozen quad bikes and motorbikes made up the cortege .	the_a	359
The e-mail from one RAF officer showed no doubt in his mind .	An e-mail from one RAF officer showed no doubt in his mind .	the_a	360
The bonus scheme is already in place to reward officers on the front-line .	A bonus scheme is already in place to reward officers on the front-line .	the_a	361
The decision was expected Wednesday afternoon .	A decision was expected Wednesday afternoon .	the_a	362
The rival boat bobs on the horizon .	A rival boat bobs on the horizon .	the_a	363
Auden Schendler , the LEED accredited professional with the Aspen Skiing Co .	Auden Schendler , a LEED accredited professional with the Aspen Skiing Co .	the_a	364
The few minutes later , the recording has an exchange between officers .	A few minutes later , the recording has an exchange between officers .	the_a	365
The Gregg County jury condemned Mosley for Patricia Colter 's death .	A Gregg County jury condemned Mosley for Patricia Colter 's death .	the_a	366
The fat slob stared back at me from the mirror .	A fat slob stared back at me from the mirror .	the_a	367
Then the curious thing happens .	Then a curious thing happens .	the_a	368
The 8-gigabyte iPod Touch will cost $ 299 .	An 8-gigabyte iPod Touch will cost $ 299 .	the_a	369
The six-hour battle in southern Afghanistan left over 50 militants killed or wounded .	A six-hour battle in southern Afghanistan left over 50 militants killed or wounded .	the_a	370
Nov. 2 , 2007 - The unanimous verdict came a few hours later .	Nov. 2 , 2007 - A unanimous verdict came a few hours later .	the_a	371
Camels , goats and the cow were grazing on his property .	Camels , goats and a cow were grazing on his property .	the_a	372
The 1-year-old child was among those killed , Rios said .	A 1-year-old child was among those killed , Rios said .	the_a	373
The TSA spokesman was not immediately available to comment .	A TSA spokesman was not immediately available to comment .	the_a	374
Total Net Yards 365 221 The few theories have emerged .	Total Net Yards 365 221 A few theories have emerged .	the_a	375
The officer found her in a locked storage area hidden behind a dresser .	An officer found her in a locked storage area hidden behind a dresser .	the_a	376
The visit by the indie rock band Arcade Fire was also mentioned .	A visit by the indie rock band Arcade Fire was also mentioned .	the_a	377
The few minutes later , restaurant workers heard shots outside .	A few minutes later , restaurant workers heard shots outside .	the_a	378
, the subsidiary of Citi , when it acquired Schroders .	, a subsidiary of Citi , when it acquired Schroders .	the_a	379
The gaggle of Turkish conscripts stares in mute incomprehension .	A gaggle of Turkish conscripts stares in mute incomprehension .	the_a	380
The division had also emerged during the summit between Saudi Arabia and Iran .	A division had also emerged during the summit between Saudi Arabia and Iran .	the_a	381
The average age of the priest in the Macao Diocese is over 60 .	The average age of a priest in the Macao Diocese is over 60 .	the_a	382
The AFP correspondent saw shells being fired from the area .	An AFP correspondent saw shells being fired from the area .	the_a	383
For me just three and the half glasses do the trick .	For me just three and a half glasses do the trick .	the_a	384
The mere £ 1,000 should do for starters .	A mere £ 1,000 should do for starters .	the_a	385
The 18-year-old man was later arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm .	An 18-year-old man was later arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm .	the_a	386
CHICAGO ( AP ) - The car circles a high-rise three times .	CHICAGO ( AP ) - A car circles a high-rise three times .	the_a	387
The major financial institution could fail or come close to failing .	A major financial institution could fail or come close to failing .	the_a	388
But such the large number of animals is odd , they said .	But such a large number of animals is odd , they said .	the_a	389
The lone concession stand served coffee and doughnuts .	A lone concession stand served coffee and doughnuts .	the_a	390
The index reading of 55.0 is forecast for September , down from 55.8 .	An index reading of 55.0 is forecast for September , down from 55.8 .	the_a	391
The seventh went to Clemson .	A seventh went to Clemson .	the_a	392
The $ 650,000 home here would be $ 2 million back home .	A $ 650,000 home here would be $ 2 million back home .	the_a	393
Anyone with the cellphone or camera will have it confiscated .	Anyone with a cellphone or camera will have it confiscated .	the_a	394
... The year after its launch , it reaches 100 million households worldwide .	... A year after its launch , it reaches 100 million households worldwide .	the_a	395
The petition demanding the pool be re-opened was signed by over 700 residents .	A petition demanding the pool be re-opened was signed by over 700 residents .	the_a	396
And what the strange one that was .	And what a strange one that was .	the_a	397
The employee of City Tavern next door said he heard three gunshots .	An employee of City Tavern next door said he heard three gunshots .	the_a	398
The few states have not embraced the pre-K movement .	A few states have not embraced the pre-K movement .	the_a	399
The guerrilla cell tower was erected on top of a gallery .	A guerrilla cell tower was erected on top of a gallery .	the_a	400
" The Million Little Pieces " is still listed on her Web site .	" A Million Little Pieces " is still listed on her Web site .	the_a	401
The record 123 were carried out in 2006 , inflicting some 305 deaths .	A record 123 were carried out in 2006 , inflicting some 305 deaths .	the_a	402
The van brings them down .	A van brings them down .	the_a	403
The message left at the church was not immediately returned early Friday .	A message left at the church was not immediately returned early Friday .	the_a	404
The vote on German participation in the war is scheduled for next month .	A vote on German participation in the war is scheduled for next month .	the_a	405
The question-and-answer session will follow .	A question-and-answer session will follow .	the_a	406
The five-kilometre lake has formed at its base in the past 30 years .	A five-kilometre lake has formed at its base in the past 30 years .	the_a	407
The existing partnership agreement expires next year .	An existing partnership agreement expires next year .	the_a	408
The top rebel leader has demanded that hostilities end before negotiations can begin .	A top rebel leader has demanded that hostilities end before negotiations can begin .	the_a	409
No radio transmissions or maydays about the hijacking came from the boat .	No radio transmissions or maydays about a hijacking came from the boat .	the_a	410
Finally the M.R.I. ruled out the presence of a tumor .	Finally an M.R.I. ruled out the presence of a tumor .	the_a	411
The voice like that is artistry itself .	A voice like that is artistry itself .	the_a	412
The man has been taken to Grimsby Hospital with serious burns .	A man has been taken to Grimsby Hospital with serious burns .	the_a	413
The gamble that looks as if it is paid off !	A gamble that looks as if it is paid off !	the_a	414
However , the third of the cities surveyed were in the UK .	However , a third of the cities surveyed were in the UK .	the_a	415
The court hearing was scheduled for Oct. 3 .	A court hearing was scheduled for Oct. 3 .	the_a	416
But the more subtle effect may also be at work .	But a more subtle effect may also be at work .	the_a	417
The formal identification will be carried out .	A formal identification will be carried out .	the_a	418
Officer the Suspect in Missing Wife Case Even the Germans were afraid .	Officer a Suspect in Missing Wife Case Even the Germans were afraid .	the_a	419
The son is a different matter .	A son is a different matter .	the_a	420
The man-made disaster like the Dolphins ' season affects everybody differently .	A man-made disaster like the Dolphins ' season affects everybody differently .	the_a	421
Hart 's road to the Ivy League education was by no means easy .	Hart 's road to an Ivy League education was by no means easy .	the_a	422
The live webcast of the presentation will be available at www.owenscorning.com / investors .	A live webcast of the presentation will be available at www.owenscorning.com / investors .	the_a	423
After the sluggish fall , Hollywood business soared for the second-straight weekend .	After a sluggish fall , Hollywood business soared for the second-straight weekend .	the_a	424
' " But all of the sudden now , recovery time felt better .	' " But all of a sudden now , recovery time felt better .	the_a	425
The specially prepared bowl of minestrone was set before him by the chef .	A specially prepared bowl of minestrone was set before him by the chef .	the_a	426
The rep for Spears could not be reached at press time .	A rep for Spears could not be reached at press time .	the_a	427
After the section has been cleaned , regulators conduct a visual inspection .	After a section has been cleaned , regulators conduct a visual inspection .	the_a	428
In the instant , the story went viral .	In an instant , the story went viral .	the_a	429
Other officers on the tactical team shot and killed the male suspect .	Other officers on a tactical team shot and killed the male suspect .	the_a	430
In the recent interview , he and his wife denied any wrongdoing .	In a recent interview , he and his wife denied any wrongdoing .	the_a	431
The pass from Edwards bounced off the shoulder of receiver Lee Evans .	A pass from Edwards bounced off the shoulder of receiver Lee Evans .	the_a	432
The original 399-euro offer with the binding contract remains valid , he said .	The original 399-euro offer with a binding contract remains valid , he said .	the_a	433
The Diamondbacks spokesman said there were 10 to 15 ejections and four arrests .	A Diamondbacks spokesman said there were 10 to 15 ejections and four arrests .	the_a	434
Only the few dozen people rallied in Quetta , Peshawar and Lahore .	Only a few dozen people rallied in Quetta , Peshawar and Lahore .	the_a	435
The vehicle with a canoe rack was parked nearby .	A vehicle with a canoe rack was parked nearby .	the_a	436
The total of 12 people were killed as Marines cleared the houses .	A total of 12 people were killed as Marines cleared the houses .	the_a	437
The small elementary school might have only a few hundred dollars .	A small elementary school might have only a few hundred dollars .	the_a	438
The favorite of local expatriates , it serves fresh salads and pasta .	A favorite of local expatriates , it serves fresh salads and pasta .	the_a	439
The tiny cupola with eight windows atop the home draws out warm air .	A tiny cupola with eight windows atop the home draws out warm air .	the_a	440
Sara Shekarabi , the 23-year-old music student , was equally pleased .	Sara Shekarabi , a 23-year-old music student , was equally pleased .	the_a	441
The fourth was released on bail .	A fourth was released on bail .	the_a	442
The gale warning was in effect for Bermuda .	A gale warning was in effect for Bermuda .	the_a	443
The sound uniquely his .	A sound uniquely his .	the_a	444
The dedicated gynaecology room Now Jimmy 's elderly mother is looking after her .	A dedicated gynaecology room Now Jimmy 's elderly mother is looking after her .	the_a	445
The bell sounds .	A bell sounds .	the_a	446
In June , the blast killed Lebanese Parliament member Walid Eido .	In June , a blast killed Lebanese Parliament member Walid Eido .	the_a	447
Henry , normally the fidgety boy , grew very still .	Henry , normally a fidgety boy , grew very still .	the_a	448
The £ 11.6m history centre in Chippenham is due to open on Wednesday .	An £ 11.6m history centre in Chippenham is due to open on Wednesday .	the_a	449
After the few smelled a strong odor , Sprader 's body was discovered .	After a few smelled a strong odor , Sprader 's body was discovered .	the_a	450
The appeal for witnesses has been made .	An appeal for witnesses has been made .	the_a	451
Press , the American , has been with Toyota for 37 years .	Press , an American , has been with Toyota for 37 years .	the_a	452
In the small bowl combine the yogurt with the chopped dill and season .	In a small bowl combine the yogurt with the chopped dill and season .	the_a	453
The IMAGE of war soon to be covered by a shroud of secrecy .	AN IMAGE of war soon to be covered by a shroud of secrecy .	the_a	454
And the decent-sized turkey takes five hours to cook .	And a decent-sized turkey takes five hours to cook .	the_a	455
The week after the blood was drawn , Levy called the mother .	A week after the blood was drawn , Levy called the mother .	the_a	456
The official said technical problems were to blame for the incident .	An official said technical problems were to blame for the incident .	the_a	457
The cocktail party the following night cost $ 250 a head .	A cocktail party the following night cost $ 250 a head .	the_a	458
The Quick-release wheels make life easy for thieves .	A Quick-release wheels make life easy for thieves .	the_a	459
The majority of Yankees fans do not love A-Rod .	A majority of Yankees fans do not love A-Rod .	the_a	460
'Interrogator in the cassock ' given life They also appear contradictory .	'Interrogator in a cassock ' given life They also appear contradictory .	the_a	461
Such the outing is not stress-free , Garner says .	Such an outing is not stress-free , Garner says .	the_a	462
The hand reached out to stop her .	A hand reached out to stop her .	the_a	463
The autopsy was expected to be conducted by Wednesday , Corral said .	An autopsy was expected to be conducted by Wednesday , Corral said .	the_a	464
SOURCE Statue Cruises On TV , the life-sized pig sat atop the building .	SOURCE Statue Cruises On TV , a life-sized pig sat atop the building .	the_a	465
The Bible rests on the back seat .	A Bible rests on the back seat .	the_a	466
For such close viewing , the sharper experience seems necessary .	For such close viewing , a sharper experience seems necessary .	the_a	467
The hospital spokeswoman said a deep clean was carried out at the weekend .	A hospital spokeswoman said a deep clean was carried out at the weekend .	the_a	468
The surprising number of people wrote in about title insurance .	A surprising number of people wrote in about title insurance .	the_a	469
The phone number for Isse was not listed .	A phone number for Isse was not listed .	the_a	470
The feature film " High School Musical 3 " is planned .	A feature film " High School Musical 3 " is planned .	the_a	471
" " The extra $ 300 a month is only $ 150 each .	" " An extra $ 300 a month is only $ 150 each .	the_a	472
The radiator rattled .	A radiator rattled .	the_a	473
The few days later , Beaver arrived at his decision .	A few days later , Beaver arrived at his decision .	the_a	474
The hearing is scheduled for Monday in Fort Worth .	A hearing is scheduled for Monday in Fort Worth .	the_a	475
In the Conservative Britain , nine million families will benefit .	In a Conservative Britain , nine million families will benefit .	the_a	476
If friends with the boat invite you , you adapt or lose out .	If friends with a boat invite you , you adapt or lose out .	the_a	477
The call late Sunday night to a Rodriguez representative was not immediately returned .	A call late Sunday night to a Rodriguez representative was not immediately returned .	the_a	478
The top FDA official said the agencies cooperate well now .	A top FDA official said the agencies cooperate well now .	the_a	479
But the integrated work had been irrevocably broken , and the breaking continues .	But an integrated work had been irrevocably broken , and the breaking continues .	the_a	480
The 42-year-old man driving the van was not hurt in the crash .	A 42-year-old man driving the van was not hurt in the crash .	the_a	481
Such the sweeping generalisation requires an immediate caveat .	Such a sweeping generalisation requires an immediate caveat .	the_a	482
The few got up and left for the concert .	A few got up and left for the concert .	the_a	483
The broader index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	A broader index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	the_a	484
The stupid person could become confused by this .	A stupid person could become confused by this .	the_a	485
The police spokesman said there were no suspicious circumstances in the incident .	A police spokesman said there were no suspicious circumstances in the incident .	the_a	486
" This amounts to deception on the large scale , " he said .	" This amounts to deception on a large scale , " he said .	the_a	487
The small panel on the printer 's front hides the single print cartridge .	A small panel on the printer 's front hides the single print cartridge .	the_a	488
The archive will be available on the web site for approximately 90 days .	An archive will be available on the web site for approximately 90 days .	the_a	489
The 18-year-old woman has been sexually assaulted in north Swindon .	An 18-year-old woman has been sexually assaulted in north Swindon .	the_a	490
The diminutive figure , he always wore boots with high Cuban-style heels .	A diminutive figure , he always wore boots with high Cuban-style heels .	the_a	491
Usually , the diagnosis of the disability comes at school .	Usually , the diagnosis of a disability comes at school .	the_a	492
Thompson , McCain , Huckabee and the few long-shots also are factors .	Thompson , McCain , Huckabee and a few long-shots also are factors .	the_a	493
The chunk of his other hand was gone .	A chunk of his other hand was gone .	the_a	494
After the straightforward first period , things turned strange .	After a straightforward first period , things turned strange .	the_a	495
The child deserves to be out with his friends .	A child deserves to be out with his friends .	the_a	496
Huckabee Stands By the Televangelist Is This Girl America 's Maddy McCann ?	Huckabee Stands By a Televangelist Is This Girl America 's Maddy McCann ?	the_a	497
The forged death certificate and solicitor 's letter was again filed .	A forged death certificate and solicitor 's letter was again filed .	the_a	498
The 67-year-old Palestinian woman collapsed and died during the protests , reports said .	A 67-year-old Palestinian woman collapsed and died during the protests , reports said .	the_a	499
The third quarter interception was his only blemish of the day .	A third quarter interception was his only blemish of the day .	the_a	500
The New York court began hearing Oracle 's legal challenge earlier this month .	A New York court began hearing Oracle 's legal challenge earlier this month .	the_a	501
" " On the good month , we would pick up 900 .	" " On a good month , we would pick up 900 .	the_a	502
Billyk , the senior , demands two blockers .	Billyk , a senior , demands two blockers .	the_a	503
The perfect example is Igneous Skis of Jackson , Wyo .	A perfect example is Igneous Skis of Jackson , Wyo .	the_a	504
The override requires a two-thirds majority in the House and Senate .	An override requires a two-thirds majority in the House and Senate .	the_a	505
No date for the election has been set .	No date for an election has been set .	the_a	506
" " People in the secular school are just as constrained .	" " People in a secular school are just as constrained .	the_a	507
But then the man pounded on Ferraro 's window and demanded cash .	But then a man pounded on Ferraro 's window and demanded cash .	the_a	508
The concert in New York 's Central Park in 1993 drew 500,000 fans .	A concert in New York 's Central Park in 1993 drew 500,000 fans .	the_a	509
The play you could take home to mother .	A play you could take home to mother .	the_a	510
The single bullet hit the girl as she lay on the settee .	A single bullet hit the girl as she lay on the settee .	the_a	511
The rocket-propelled grenade exploded on the screen .	A rocket-propelled grenade exploded on the screen .	the_a	512
The audio replay will be available for two weeks .	An audio replay will be available for two weeks .	the_a	513
Syed Ali Hussain , also the student , agreed .	Syed Ali Hussain , also a student , agreed .	the_a	514
The gorgeous backhand , again down the line , gives him the break .	A gorgeous backhand , again down the line , gives him the break .	the_a	515
The archive of the webcast will be available for 30 days .	An archive of the webcast will be available for 30 days .	the_a	516
Even the blind North Dakota man has one .	Even a blind North Dakota man has one .	the_a	517
The lawsuit over conditions at Hutto was settled in August .	A lawsuit over conditions at Hutto was settled in August .	the_a	518
Ahmed Hillis , the clan member , is a Fatah leader in Gaza .	Ahmed Hillis , a clan member , is a Fatah leader in Gaza .	the_a	519
Transfer to the bowl and stir in roasted pepper and olives .	Transfer to a bowl and stir in roasted pepper and olives .	the_a	520
Work on the new 10-lane bridge is scheduled to start next week .	Work on a new 10-lane bridge is scheduled to start next week .	the_a	521
The director addresses a line of women .	A director addresses a line of women .	the_a	522
The house in Yarm was just as merry .	A house in Yarm was just as merry .	the_a	523
The large majority of New Yorkers wanted to leave and live somewhere else .	A large majority of New Yorkers wanted to leave and live somewhere else .	the_a	524
And the zip-up fleece may be perfectly adequate for dog-walking in the country .	And a zip-up fleece may be perfectly adequate for dog-walking in the country .	the_a	525
Again the descendant was traced , this time to suburban Maryland .	Again a descendant was traced , this time to suburban Maryland .	the_a	526
The aquarium contains free natural fertilizer for your plants .	An aquarium contains free natural fertilizer for your plants .	the_a	527
The median price of the home sold last month was $ 210,200 .	The median price of a home sold last month was $ 210,200 .	the_a	528
About the quarter of the poorest beneficiaries do not pay any monthly premium .	About a quarter of the poorest beneficiaries do not pay any monthly premium .	the_a	529
The second violation would bring permanent revocation of the license .	A second violation would bring permanent revocation of the license .	the_a	530
R. Kelly 's Porn Trial Pushed Back The overcast sky does the job .	R. Kelly 's Porn Trial Pushed Back An overcast sky does the job .	the_a	531
9 , when the suicide car bomber killed 15 people in Sadr City .	9 , when a suicide car bomber killed 15 people in Sadr City .	the_a	532
The major advantage of joint tenancy is that such transfers avoid probate .	A major advantage of joint tenancy is that such transfers avoid probate .	the_a	533
For the free repair kit , toy owners should contact Fisher-Price at 888-812-7187 .	For a free repair kit , toy owners should contact Fisher-Price at 888-812-7187 .	the_a	534
The subsequent Government Accountability Office report criticized USAID 's implementation of that program .	A subsequent Government Accountability Office report criticized USAID 's implementation of that program .	the_a	535
In the interview , Fenty said he understood the concerns about the case .	In an interview , Fenty said he understood the concerns about the case .	the_a	536
But the friend of the blonde bombshell confirmed it to In Touch .	But a friend of the blonde bombshell confirmed it to In Touch .	the_a	537
The pilot was killed when his light aircraft crashed in the Scottish Borders .	A pilot was killed when his light aircraft crashed in the Scottish Borders .	the_a	538
Five wins in the row seemed to turn things around .	Five wins in a row seemed to turn things around .	the_a	539
Seconds later , the rocket hit where they had sat .	Seconds later , a rocket hit where they had sat .	the_a	540
That way , the majority could cover their mortgages and keep their homes .	That way , a majority could cover their mortgages and keep their homes .	the_a	541
The superstar girlfriend like Beyonce would not hurt as an equalizer .	A superstar girlfriend like Beyonce would not hurt as an equalizer .	the_a	542
The school was even named after him .	A school was even named after him .	the_a	543
The updated total is expected later today .	An updated total is expected later today .	the_a	544
The pilot and the prisoner were slightly injured .	The pilot and a prisoner were slightly injured .	the_a	545
Only the handful of ski-mountaineers now frequent the corrie in winter .	Only a handful of ski-mountaineers now frequent the corrie in winter .	the_a	546
The Angstrom is roughly a billionth the thickness of a human hair .	An Angstrom is roughly a billionth the thickness of a human hair .	the_a	547
But the few performers seem less wry and calculating .	But a few performers seem less wry and calculating .	the_a	548
The very dangerous phenomena is happening in Russia 's religious life .	A very dangerous phenomena is happening in Russia 's religious life .	the_a	549
Her husband , the builder , is out of work .	Her husband , a builder , is out of work .	the_a	550
The few too many servers had manners too perfunctory .	A few too many servers had manners too perfunctory .	the_a	551
The tourist visa is required for U.S. citizens entering China .	A tourist visa is required for U.S. citizens entering China .	the_a	552
The showdown between congressional Democrats and the White House seems all but assured .	A showdown between congressional Democrats and the White House seems all but assured .	the_a	553
The 25ml measure of spirits is one unit .	A 25ml measure of spirits is one unit .	the_a	554
At least the clash of heads was avoided .	At least a clash of heads was avoided .	the_a	555
And the number of government statistics support this .	And a number of government statistics support this .	the_a	556
The sense of foreboding descends , the wait begins .	A sense of foreboding descends , the wait begins .	the_a	557
, the member of the House panel that oversees the military budget .	, a member of the House panel that oversees the military budget .	the_a	558
Instead , the lucrative underground market has emerged .	Instead , a lucrative underground market has emerged .	the_a	559
The few may lose their jobs and wander off to a wealthy retirement .	A few may lose their jobs and wander off to a wealthy retirement .	the_a	560
The day later prices eased , but the gossip did not .	A day later prices eased , but the gossip did not .	the_a	561
The spokesman for the bank declined to comment .	A spokesman for the bank declined to comment .	the_a	562
The long Packer gain after a catch became commonplace .	A long Packer gain after a catch became commonplace .	the_a	563
The 17-year-old and a 21-year-old are thought to have suffered minor injuries .	A 17-year-old and a 21-year-old are thought to have suffered minor injuries .	the_a	564
The fifth passenger died in hospital the next day .	A fifth passenger died in hospital the next day .	the_a	565
The Inconvenient Truth has also won two Oscars .	An Inconvenient Truth has also won two Oscars .	the_a	566
The council meeting will decide on the proposals on 9 October .	A council meeting will decide on the proposals on 9 October .	the_a	567
The yet-to-be-revealed character will don this new Captain America suit .	A yet-to-be-revealed character will don this new Captain America suit .	the_a	568
Just two hours later , the second quake of 5.7 magnitude struck .	Just two hours later , a second quake of 5.7 magnitude struck .	the_a	569
The final guest , tall and slim , arrived wearing an Obama mask .	A final guest , tall and slim , arrived wearing an Obama mask .	the_a	570
Why waste rent on the place that he never sees ?	Why waste rent on a place that he never sees ?	the_a	571
The arraignment for Hatfield has not yet been scheduled .	An arraignment for Hatfield has not yet been scheduled .	the_a	572
The huge number of young people are in school .	A huge number of young people are in school .	the_a	573
The spokesman for the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq declined to comment .	A spokesman for the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq declined to comment .	the_a	574
On the median-priced home of $ 220,000 , the loss is $ 24,000 .	On a median-priced home of $ 220,000 , the loss is $ 24,000 .	the_a	575
The Apache gunship was behind us .	An Apache gunship was behind us .	the_a	576
The setback at this stage could have serious consequences .	A setback at this stage could have serious consequences .	the_a	577
After the Auburn punt , Tebow hooked up with Harvin for 52 yards .	After an Auburn punt , Tebow hooked up with Harvin for 52 yards .	the_a	578
The juvenile and five firefighters also suffered smoke inhalation .	A juvenile and five firefighters also suffered smoke inhalation .	the_a	579
The Univision-sponsored GOP debate was canceled after only McCain agreed to participate .	A Univision-sponsored GOP debate was canceled after only McCain agreed to participate .	the_a	580
Experts from the Bangkok zoo have been asked to help in the search .	Experts from a Bangkok zoo have been asked to help in the search .	the_a	581
The little more than two minutes later Carter was gone .	A little more than two minutes later Carter was gone .	the_a	582
The new code is to take effect in May .	A new code is to take effect in May .	the_a	583
" The huge win for us , " Pedroia said .	" A huge win for us , " Pedroia said .	the_a	584
For the smooth soup , use a blender and purée until smooth .	For a smooth soup , use a blender and purée until smooth .	the_a	585
But the even greater responsibility lies ahead .	But an even greater responsibility lies ahead .	the_a	586
The Dutch soldier was killed Thursday in the south .	A Dutch soldier was killed Thursday in the south .	the_a	587
Sometimes the script doctor would help .	Sometimes a script doctor would help .	the_a	588
Holland and half the dozen others have done so .	Holland and half a dozen others have done so .	the_a	589
19 and the production code of A24924A or A24924B , Dole said .	19 and a production code of A24924A or A24924B , Dole said .	the_a	590
The student skipped classes every day to spend time with one teacher .	A student skipped classes every day to spend time with one teacher .	the_a	591
The succession of European powers laid claim to Tobago .	A succession of European powers laid claim to Tobago .	the_a	592
The former limestone quarry has been suggested at Shipton near Oxford .	A former limestone quarry has been suggested at Shipton near Oxford .	the_a	593
The granite floor matched the overall design .	A granite floor matched the overall design .	the_a	594
Alas , the dirty terrible ugly truth attends to this hunt .	Alas , a dirty terrible ugly truth attends to this hunt .	the_a	595
But the drum beats in Boston .	But a drum beats in Boston .	the_a	596
The custody hearing had been set for January 2005 .	A custody hearing had been set for January 2005 .	the_a	597
The Raiders spokesman declined to comment on the status of the talks .	A Raiders spokesman declined to comment on the status of the talks .	the_a	598
1.25 percent for the base pay increase , provided eligible employees .	1.25 percent for a base pay increase , provided eligible employees .	the_a	599
The member of staff had since left the Library , the spokeswoman added .	A member of staff had since left the Library , the spokeswoman added .	the_a	600
The drinks break is taken .	A drinks break is taken .	the_a	601
For one , the decision to reverse preliminary support for a proposed .	For one , a decision to reverse preliminary support for a proposed .	the_a	602
" Sometimes the country loses its way , " Forna said .	" Sometimes a country loses its way , " Forna said .	the_a	603
The Turkish soldier walks through village of Senoba near the border with Iraq .	A Turkish soldier walks through village of Senoba near the border with Iraq .	the_a	604
The ex-model replaces another ex-model .	An ex-model replaces another ex-model .	the_a	605
More than the few other council members , however , will need persuading .	More than a few other council members , however , will need persuading .	the_a	606
SOURCE Parks Associates The trial is scheduled for 2009 in Delaware federal court .	SOURCE Parks Associates A trial is scheduled for 2009 in Delaware federal court .	the_a	607
The online re-broadcast will be available through September 24 , 2007 .	An online re-broadcast will be available through September 24 , 2007 .	the_a	608
The after-hours call to Spears ' attorney was not immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Spears ' attorney was not immediately returned .	the_a	609
At 7 a.m. during the diaper change , Jason began crying very hard .	At 7 a.m. during a diaper change , Jason began crying very hard .	the_a	610
The Scotland Yard spokesman said there were no reports of an explosion .	A Scotland Yard spokesman said there were no reports of an explosion .	the_a	611
Then the bullet found him .	Then a bullet found him .	the_a	612
Such the shift would be near-impossible to reverse .	Such a shift would be near-impossible to reverse .	the_a	613
The Turkish freighter , Ziya Kos , also ran aground , he said .	A Turkish freighter , Ziya Kos , also ran aground , he said .	the_a	614
1981 - The new constitution makes Burundi a one-party state .	1981 - A new constitution makes Burundi a one-party state .	the_a	615
The lot is riding on the industry 's ability to navigate this transition .	A lot is riding on the industry 's ability to navigate this transition .	the_a	616
The state task force recommended creating five more faith-based facilities .	A state task force recommended creating five more faith-based facilities .	the_a	617
The police officer told the driver to move along .	A police officer told the driver to move along .	the_a	618
The phone number listed in his name was unpublished .	A phone number listed in his name was unpublished .	the_a	619
The Clear Space The cribs were sold in stores nationwide through May 2007 .	A Clear Space The cribs were sold in stores nationwide through May 2007 .	the_a	620
The judge will determine and award compensatory damages in the coming weeks .	A judge will determine and award compensatory damages in the coming weeks .	the_a	621
But the great life does not have to end with the diagnosis .	But a great life does not have to end with the diagnosis .	the_a	622
The Magnitude 6.7 Quake Hit The Area Last Month .	A Magnitude 6.7 Quake Hit The Area Last Month .	the_a	623
The loss would have eliminated the Galaxy ( 9-13-7 ) .	A loss would have eliminated the Galaxy ( 9-13-7 ) .	the_a	624
The uncle cared for them .	An uncle cared for them .	the_a	625
The lot of them had troubles of their own .	A lot of them had troubles of their own .	the_a	626
The search showed five meal assembly places within a 20-mile area .	A search showed five meal assembly places within a 20-mile area .	the_a	627
Inevitably the few also became the best players of their day .	Inevitably a few also became the best players of their day .	the_a	628
The few have tried to run one each week .	A few have tried to run one each week .	the_a	629
" The unhappy woman , that one , " Miss Skattergoods said .	" An unhappy woman , that one , " Miss Skattergoods said .	the_a	630
The combination of star power , great concept and great marketing was responsible .	A combination of star power , great concept and great marketing was responsible .	the_a	631
The news item last week reminded me of those Soviet days .	A news item last week reminded me of those Soviet days .	the_a	632
something simple yet with the edge that reverberates Tailor 's overall theme .	something simple yet with an edge that reverberates Tailor 's overall theme .	the_a	633
The attorney for Marbach did not immediately return a telephone message seeking comment .	An attorney for Marbach did not immediately return a telephone message seeking comment .	the_a	634
Or the germ-killer that vacuums ?	Or a germ-killer that vacuums ?	the_a	635
The prospect of the recession has been keeping the markets volatile .	The prospect of a recession has been keeping the markets volatile .	the_a	636
The veto-proof margin in the Senate is considered assured .	A veto-proof margin in the Senate is considered assured .	the_a	637
The executive offered a public apology to China and Chinese suppliers .	An executive offered a public apology to China and Chinese suppliers .	the_a	638
The new " leadership academy " was created to train principals .	A new " leadership academy " was created to train principals .	the_a	639
The enclave built around a center of faith is not new .	An enclave built around a center of faith is not new .	the_a	640
The unrestored two-bedroom villa with one acre typically starts at £ 55,000 .	An unrestored two-bedroom villa with one acre typically starts at £ 55,000 .	the_a	641
For the elderly woman carrying groceries , June Bug is a ride home .	For an elderly woman carrying groceries , June Bug is a ride home .	the_a	642
The call comes in .	A call comes in .	the_a	643
With the few exceptions , HD DVD is now its only high-definition format .	With a few exceptions , HD DVD is now its only high-definition format .	the_a	644
The Vonage spokesman , Michael Zema , would not comment .	A Vonage spokesman , Michael Zema , would not comment .	the_a	645
The necropsy is to be performed in the next few days .	A necropsy is to be performed in the next few days .	the_a	646
The mystery of one response to the lawsuit against God has been solved .	The mystery of one response to a lawsuit against God has been solved .	the_a	647
The 100g packet contains 511 calories and 31g of fat .	A 100g packet contains 511 calories and 31g of fat .	the_a	648
Under Mr. Mundt 's guidance , the cash-for-work project was implemented .	Under Mr. Mundt 's guidance , a cash-for-work project was implemented .	the_a	649
The BMI of 18.5 to 24.9 is considered normal weight .	A BMI of 18.5 to 24.9 is considered normal weight .	the_a	650
The national suicide-prevention group later criticized Huckabee .	A national suicide-prevention group later criticized Huckabee .	the_a	651
The television report said a Guatemalan woman survived from the vessel .	A television report said a Guatemalan woman survived from the vessel .	the_a	652
The box cutter could not have delivered the fatal blow .	A box cutter could not have delivered the fatal blow .	the_a	653
The farmer in China 's Shaanxi Province had released the photographs in October .	A farmer in China 's Shaanxi Province had released the photographs in October .	the_a	654
But after the while , as you get older , you get smarter .	But after a while , as you get older , you get smarter .	the_a	655
The spokesman for the interior ministry said many others would be released soon .	A spokesman for the interior ministry said many others would be released soon .	the_a	656
Every day , the average of 27,000 Americans have their identities stolen .	Every day , an average of 27,000 Americans have their identities stolen .	the_a	657
The woman has died from stab wounds in Huddersfield .	A woman has died from stab wounds in Huddersfield .	the_a	658
The judge will consider that request at a hearing Monday .	A judge will consider that request at a hearing Monday .	the_a	659
The jury of top city officials and experts will select 10 winners .	A jury of top city officials and experts will select 10 winners .	the_a	660
Even the professional sweet tooth needs a break sometimes .	Even a professional sweet tooth needs a break sometimes .	the_a	661
1 , 2005 , amid the heat wave that had gripped the city .	1 , 2005 , amid a heat wave that had gripped the city .	the_a	662
Still , the few of the hostages said they were relatively well treated .	Still , a few of the hostages said they were relatively well treated .	the_a	663
The estimated 10,000 Floor Puppet Theaters produced by Guidecraft Inc .	An estimated 10,000 Floor Puppet Theaters produced by Guidecraft Inc .	the_a	664
The company has popped up to do just that , called LifeAt .	A company has popped up to do just that , called LifeAt .	the_a	665
The musical also requires four stagehands , and a fly man is mandatory .	A musical also requires four stagehands , and a fly man is mandatory .	the_a	666
Next , the pharmaceutical supply company said it would close .	Next , a pharmaceutical supply company said it would close .	the_a	667
Cunningham , 82 , the retired electrician , called Cheverly a lovely place .	Cunningham , 82 , a retired electrician , called Cheverly a lovely place .	the_a	668
Bonner , also the native of Donegal , would be a natural mentor .	Bonner , also a native of Donegal , would be a natural mentor .	the_a	669
The garden for reflection is planned .	A garden for reflection is planned .	the_a	670
In any event the Iowa loss should not be fatal .	In any event an Iowa loss should not be fatal .	the_a	671
Such the fire sale might rock the already jittery credit markets .	Such a fire sale might rock the already jittery credit markets .	the_a	672
The news conference to confirm the plan is expected to be staged Tuesday .	A news conference to confirm the plan is expected to be staged Tuesday .	the_a	673
After the few pints , the game is all but forgotten .	After a few pints , the game is all but forgotten .	the_a	674
About 10 times the day , he is screamed at by strangers .	About 10 times a day , he is screamed at by strangers .	the_a	675
Three lawyers and the policeman were injured , witnesses said .	Three lawyers and a policeman were injured , witnesses said .	the_a	676
The Stryker representative declined to comment .	A Stryker representative declined to comment .	the_a	677
To the certain extent , he has done this .	To a certain extent , he has done this .	the_a	678
Not longing in Colorado But one pollster in the battleground state voiced skepticism .	Not longing in Colorado But one pollster in a battleground state voiced skepticism .	the_a	679
About the dozen roads were severed by landslides or flooding .	About a dozen roads were severed by landslides or flooding .	the_a	680
The major eruption at the volcano , however , was not expected .	A major eruption at the volcano , however , was not expected .	the_a	681
The safari in Africa has zero appeal to me .	A safari in Africa has zero appeal to me .	the_a	682
The inquest was opened and adjourned at Walthamstow Coroner 's Court on Wednesday .	An inquest was opened and adjourned at Walthamstow Coroner 's Court on Wednesday .	the_a	683
The police spokesman said he had been traced in Burghead .	A police spokesman said he had been traced in Burghead .	the_a	684
The video of the incident captured the sound of the audience booing .	A video of the incident captured the sound of the audience booing .	the_a	685
For such the small country , Lebanon commands a lot of international attention .	For such a small country , Lebanon commands a lot of international attention .	the_a	686
The message was left with a Volkswagen spokesman .	A message was left with a Volkswagen spokesman .	the_a	687
One woman , the emergency worker , was just standing , stunned .	One woman , an emergency worker , was just standing , stunned .	the_a	688
Little Bashar hides behind the milk churn , and shyly looks on .	Little Bashar hides behind a milk churn , and shyly looks on .	the_a	689
The Ranchers Beef spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	A Ranchers Beef spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	690
The spokesman for the FSA declined to comment on Sunday .	A spokesman for the FSA declined to comment on Sunday .	the_a	691
The spokeswoman for CBS Radio declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for CBS Radio declined to comment .	the_a	692
The man will be questioned about allegedly assaulting a police officer .	A man will be questioned about allegedly assaulting a police officer .	the_a	693
The Thompson spokesman did not respond to a message seeking comment .	A Thompson spokesman did not respond to a message seeking comment .	the_a	694
His two sons , his brother and the family friend were killed .	His two sons , his brother and a family friend were killed .	the_a	695
Lord Paul , the Labour peer , was born in Punjab .	Lord Paul , a Labour peer , was born in Punjab .	the_a	696
The State Department spokesman refused to comment on that possibility .	A State Department spokesman refused to comment on that possibility .	the_a	697
Only the half dozen inmates were known to have survived .	Only a half dozen inmates were known to have survived .	the_a	698
The concept of the angst-ridden writer battling his own demons is hardly new .	The concept of an angst-ridden writer battling his own demons is hardly new .	the_a	699
Entrepreneurs with the global view will increasingly be those who succeed .	Entrepreneurs with a global view will increasingly be those who succeed .	the_a	700
The number of Pakistan experts said the situation is too fluid for predictions .	A number of Pakistan experts said the situation is too fluid for predictions .	the_a	701
But the pressure of such the large undertaking was felt at every moment .	But the pressure of such a large undertaking was felt at every moment .	the_a	702
The judge ruled in 2001 that it was .	A judge ruled in 2001 that it was .	the_a	703
About the quarter were repeat customers .	About a quarter were repeat customers .	the_a	704
The government official said the rally could continue on the pavement .	A government official said the rally could continue on the pavement .	the_a	705
Shriver , the former television news anchor , moderated the panel .	Shriver , a former television news anchor , moderated the panel .	the_a	706
The call to a hospital spokeswoman was not immediately returned .	A call to a hospital spokeswoman was not immediately returned .	the_a	707
More than the few look exhausted .	More than a few look exhausted .	the_a	708
The tsunami warning drill on Java was unaffected by Wednesday 's landslides .	A tsunami warning drill on Java was unaffected by Wednesday 's landslides .	the_a	709
The new study ties those discoveries together .	A new study ties those discoveries together .	the_a	710
But once in the great while , someone says something truly memorable .	But once in a great while , someone says something truly memorable .	the_a	711
The troubled 17-year-old pleads guilty to two assaults .	A troubled 17-year-old pleads guilty to two assaults .	the_a	712
The crowded field of bidders is jostling to participate in the auction .	A crowded field of bidders is jostling to participate in the auction .	the_a	713
The policeman in the neighborhood drove him to a nearby hospital .	A policeman in the neighborhood drove him to a nearby hospital .	the_a	714
The call Monday to an attorney for Showtime was not immediately returned .	A call Monday to an attorney for Showtime was not immediately returned .	the_a	715
The Scotsman called Peter Tobin formerly lived in the house .	A Scotsman called Peter Tobin formerly lived in the house .	the_a	716
The free Iraq will set an example for people across the Middle East .	A free Iraq will set an example for people across the Middle East .	the_a	717
The tropical storm becomes a hurricane when its winds reach 74 mph .	A tropical storm becomes a hurricane when its winds reach 74 mph .	the_a	718
The archived replay will be available for 30 days after the conference .	An archived replay will be available for 30 days after the conference .	the_a	719
On the island , land is finite .	On an island , land is finite .	the_a	720
But the month later there was Craig in the airport bathroom in Minneapolis .	But a month later there was Craig in the airport bathroom in Minneapolis .	the_a	721
Reach Sambath , the tribunal spokesman , declined to comment Wednesday .	Reach Sambath , a tribunal spokesman , declined to comment Wednesday .	the_a	722
The second police investigator confirmed that a number of people were being questioned .	A second police investigator confirmed that a number of people were being questioned .	the_a	723
But the possible link with a high-fat diet had remained controversial .	But a possible link with a high-fat diet had remained controversial .	the_a	724
The NASA telescope may have spotted one of the answers .	A NASA telescope may have spotted one of the answers .	the_a	725
At the recent board meeting two of its most significant acquisitions were gifts .	At a recent board meeting two of its most significant acquisitions were gifts .	the_a	726
Back within the run , though , Wang unraveled .	Back within a run , though , Wang unraveled .	the_a	727
The symbol of this is Toyota 's Prius hybrid-electric car .	A symbol of this is Toyota 's Prius hybrid-electric car .	the_a	728
At that moment , the star was born .	At that moment , a star was born .	the_a	729
The lot of my money would go into photography .	A lot of my money would go into photography .	the_a	730
Sometimes the old dog teaches you new tricks .	Sometimes an old dog teaches you new tricks .	the_a	731
The easy win over the Chargers in Super Bowl XXIX followed .	An easy win over the Chargers in Super Bowl XXIX followed .	the_a	732
The weaker dollar could also pressure consumers by driving up interest rates .	A weaker dollar could also pressure consumers by driving up interest rates .	the_a	733
" " What the ( lousy ) place to be delayed .	" " What a ( lousy ) place to be delayed .	the_a	734
The easing in tensions abroad gave energy investors more reason to sell .	An easing in tensions abroad gave energy investors more reason to sell .	the_a	735
McCain 's call for the resignation was the first among GOP presidential rivals .	McCain 's call for a resignation was the first among GOP presidential rivals .	the_a	736
American foreign policy , to the great extent , has been privatized .	American foreign policy , to a great extent , has been privatized .	the_a	737
Meanwhile , in the large bowl , whisk together sugar and lemon zest .	Meanwhile , in a large bowl , whisk together sugar and lemon zest .	the_a	738
The film version is slated for release in 2009 .	A film version is slated for release in 2009 .	the_a	739
The cause of death was not immediately available .	A cause of death was not immediately available .	the_a	740
The variable-volume enunciator can also be programmed to alert operators to incoming messages .	A variable-volume enunciator can also be programmed to alert operators to incoming messages .	the_a	741
The judge set bail Monday at $ 1,500 .	A judge set bail Monday at $ 1,500 .	the_a	742
The company spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment .	A company spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment .	the_a	743
The home run is an individual thing .	A home run is an individual thing .	the_a	744
The seventh sheik was killed during the capture .	A seventh sheik was killed during the capture .	the_a	745
The family member later shot and killed the deer .	A family member later shot and killed the deer .	the_a	746
The date has not yet been set for his retrial .	A date has not yet been set for his retrial .	the_a	747
Blanco , the one-term Democrat , had planned to seek re-election .	Blanco , a one-term Democrat , had planned to seek re-election .	the_a	748
The payday alternative like GoodMoney might have helped , they say .	A payday alternative like GoodMoney might have helped , they say .	the_a	749
The second key area of common cause between our nations is development .	A second key area of common cause between our nations is development .	the_a	750
Reality : The corn is a small build-up of skin caused by friction .	Reality : A corn is a small build-up of skin caused by friction .	the_a	751
But the stronger euro will not help the euro zone 's exports .	But a stronger euro will not help the euro zone 's exports .	the_a	752
The look at her record shows mixed results .	A look at her record shows mixed results .	the_a	753
The spokesman for NBC did not return calls for comment .	A spokesman for NBC did not return calls for comment .	the_a	754
The torn ACL happens most often during a quick change of direction .	A torn ACL happens most often during a quick change of direction .	the_a	755
The rugby star has admitted assaulting a man in a city centre .	A rugby star has admitted assaulting a man in a city centre .	the_a	756
The district court had cleared him in August , but prosecutors had appealed .	A district court had cleared him in August , but prosecutors had appealed .	the_a	757
The more complete version can be found at nytimes.com / sports .	A more complete version can be found at nytimes.com / sports .	the_a	758
The half dozen survived the fall of at least 50 feet .	A half dozen survived the fall of at least 50 feet .	the_a	759
The videotape showing his beheading was later distributed on the Internet .	A videotape showing his beheading was later distributed on the Internet .	the_a	760
DNA evidence in the civil case determined that he impregnated a 14-year-old student .	DNA evidence in a civil case determined that he impregnated a 14-year-old student .	the_a	761
The sheriff 's department helicopter was also used in the search .	A sheriff 's department helicopter was also used in the search .	the_a	762
Then the asteroid hit .	Then an asteroid hit .	the_a	763
The better-than-40 % chance , said Intrade .	A better-than-40 % chance , said Intrade .	the_a	764
Cup of coffee How much of the difference can fees make ?	Cup of coffee How much of a difference can fees make ?	the_a	765
And the slight edginess about where they fit in to your life .	And a slight edginess about where they fit in to your life .	the_a	766
Armin Vit , the graphic designer , believes they may .	Armin Vit , a graphic designer , believes they may .	the_a	767
The Norwegian-brokered 2002 truce began to unravel in December 2005 .	A Norwegian-brokered 2002 truce began to unravel in December 2005 .	the_a	768
The spokesman said he had no interest in relitigating the 2004 race .	A spokesman said he had no interest in relitigating the 2004 race .	the_a	769
The revised scheme was subsequently submitted and approved the following year .	A revised scheme was subsequently submitted and approved the following year .	the_a	770
The fire also broke out on the fourth floor of a shopping mall .	A fire also broke out on the fourth floor of a shopping mall .	the_a	771
The year earlier , it lost $ 3.9 million .	A year earlier , it lost $ 3.9 million .	the_a	772
The preliminary hearing is scheduled next week in Las Vegas .	A preliminary hearing is scheduled next week in Las Vegas .	the_a	773
The passerby reports that the driver escaped .	A passerby reports that the driver escaped .	the_a	774
The local jury determined that Coleman acted in self-defense and acquitted him .	A local jury determined that Coleman acted in self-defense and acquitted him .	the_a	775
And about the third of people said they mistrusted baggage handlers .	And about a third of people said they mistrusted baggage handlers .	the_a	776
The few weeks later he had a new BMW and a holiday home .	A few weeks later he had a new BMW and a holiday home .	the_a	777
The celebrity mother-to-be is not allowed to have swollen ankles .	A celebrity mother-to-be is not allowed to have swollen ankles .	the_a	778
The Procter & Gamble spokeswoman could not immediately be reached for comment .	A Procter & Gamble spokeswoman could not immediately be reached for comment .	the_a	779
The true Bolshevik has submerged his personality in the collectivity .	A true Bolshevik has submerged his personality in the collectivity .	the_a	780
The long punt up field saw Jones get ahead of full-back Gael Clichy .	A long punt up field saw Jones get ahead of full-back Gael Clichy .	the_a	781
The Piper Seneca is capable of carrying five passengers and a pilot .	A Piper Seneca is capable of carrying five passengers and a pilot .	the_a	782
The intelligence official said initial unconfirmed reports indicated the bus was destroyed .	An intelligence official said initial unconfirmed reports indicated the bus was destroyed .	the_a	783
The frustrated Congress capped the federal contribution .	A frustrated Congress capped the federal contribution .	the_a	784
The post-mortem examination will take place later .	A post-mortem examination will take place later .	the_a	785
The Regula spokesman did not return calls seeking comment .	A Regula spokesman did not return calls seeking comment .	the_a	786
For the ugly , satisfying moment , the rock is lifted .	For an ugly , satisfying moment , the rock is lifted .	the_a	787
The professional home inspector also educates and provides tips on proper home maintenance .	A professional home inspector also educates and provides tips on proper home maintenance .	the_a	788
The court decided Sunday to keep them in custody .	A court decided Sunday to keep them in custody .	the_a	789
His lead dog , the 10-year-old female , was badly injured .	His lead dog , a 10-year-old female , was badly injured .	the_a	790
The judge Tuesday ordered the two to turn themselves in by Dec. 3 .	A judge Tuesday ordered the two to turn themselves in by Dec. 3 .	the_a	791
The determination also has not been made on Torre 's coaches .	A determination also has not been made on Torre 's coaches .	the_a	792
The rock star on tour is a fleeting thing .	A rock star on tour is a fleeting thing .	the_a	793
id = 1713472007 The truck spilled a load of apparent chicken renderings Thursday .	id = 1713472007 A truck spilled a load of apparent chicken renderings Thursday .	the_a	794
The State Department press officer separately confirmed the remarks .	A State Department press officer separately confirmed the remarks .	the_a	795
In the traditional gesture , Hamas announced the release of 84 prisoners .	In a traditional gesture , Hamas announced the release of 84 prisoners .	the_a	796
With one press of the button , you see a map .	With one press of a button , you see a map .	the_a	797
Extraordinary graphics and the fantastic music soundtrack add to the immersive experience .	Extraordinary graphics and a fantastic music soundtrack add to the immersive experience .	the_a	798
The Blu-ray drive comes with the PS3 .	A Blu-ray drive comes with the PS3 .	the_a	799
The still picture of her appeared on the screen while she spoke .	A still picture of her appeared on the screen while she spoke .	the_a	800
The middle-aged woman in the airport terminal started to weep uncontrollably .	A middle-aged woman in the airport terminal started to weep uncontrollably .	the_a	801
The natural cork grip provides comfort and absorbs nasty hand sweat .	A natural cork grip provides comfort and absorbs nasty hand sweat .	the_a	802
The total of more than 45,000 people were surveyed .	A total of more than 45,000 people were surveyed .	the_a	803
After the brief delay , the game resumed .	After a brief delay , the game resumed .	the_a	804
To some , the car is simply a means of transportation .	To some , a car is simply a means of transportation .	the_a	805
The spokesman for the marshal 's office declined to comment further .	A spokesman for the marshal 's office declined to comment further .	the_a	806
The total of 160 warehouse employees have already been interviewed .	A total of 160 warehouse employees have already been interviewed .	the_a	807
The third person might not smell anything at all .	A third person might not smell anything at all .	the_a	808
The family spokesman told reporters Saturday the campaign would begin in two weeks .	A family spokesman told reporters Saturday the campaign would begin in two weeks .	the_a	809
The 1,049-inmate jail in Orange County was evacuated because of heavy smoke .	A 1,049-inmate jail in Orange County was evacuated because of heavy smoke .	the_a	810
But the leopard can change his spots .	But a leopard can change his spots .	the_a	811
Biden : The big piece of that cost is risk .	Biden : A big piece of that cost is risk .	the_a	812
The few things are different .	A few things are different .	the_a	813
The Best Buy and a Circuit City are also in plain view .	A Best Buy and a Circuit City are also in plain view .	the_a	814
The writers ' strike would all but wash soap operas down the drain .	A writers ' strike would all but wash soap operas down the drain .	the_a	815
The similar measure had failed to gain approval in July .	A similar measure had failed to gain approval in July .	the_a	816
Only the fraction of the more than 5,000 excavated objects can be shown .	Only a fraction of the more than 5,000 excavated objects can be shown .	the_a	817
The spokesman said that BBC News would continue to cover important stories .	A spokesman said that BBC News would continue to cover important stories .	the_a	818
The detailed diagram made every last detail clear .	A detailed diagram made every last detail clear .	the_a	819
But the lot of people are familiar with my I-Reports .	But a lot of people are familiar with my I-Reports .	the_a	820
More than five thousand deaths the year are caused by these drivers .	More than five thousand deaths a year are caused by these drivers .	the_a	821
The main sector to watch , in his view , is financial services .	A main sector to watch , in his view , is financial services .	the_a	822
" " But the larger group wants to enjoy basic human rights .	" " But a larger group wants to enjoy basic human rights .	the_a	823
The message seeking comment was left at the Ohio attorney general 's office .	A message seeking comment was left at the Ohio attorney general 's office .	the_a	824
The spokeswoman for the district said it would have no comment .	A spokeswoman for the district said it would have no comment .	the_a	825
The mass brawl ensued and from that moment the visiting pack took control .	A mass brawl ensued and from that moment the visiting pack took control .	the_a	826
The large cedar deck was added to the back of the house .	A large cedar deck was added to the back of the house .	the_a	827
The neighbor called to tell him Tonya had shot herself .	A neighbor called to tell him Tonya had shot herself .	the_a	828
In the worst-case scenario , the country could slide into a recession .	In a worst-case scenario , the country could slide into a recession .	the_a	829
The hearing was set for Thursday before an administrative judge .	A hearing was set for Thursday before an administrative judge .	the_a	830
When the higher purpose beckons , death itself must take a back seat .	When a higher purpose beckons , death itself must take a back seat .	the_a	831
Life of the Soldier They all had to be returned .	Life of a Soldier They all had to be returned .	the_a	832
The burst of sunlight had already begun to shine through the drizzle .	A burst of sunlight had already begun to shine through the drizzle .	the_a	833
The unworkably small majority would be a disaster .	An unworkably small majority would be a disaster .	the_a	834
The brief regimen of anti-depressants ended after it was deemed successful .	A brief regimen of anti-depressants ended after it was deemed successful .	the_a	835
In the fragmented society , it is a foundation of social solidarity .	In a fragmented society , it is a foundation of social solidarity .	the_a	836
FOXNews.com - With the Flawed Iraq Policy , What Can Our Military Do ?	FOXNews.com - With a Flawed Iraq Policy , What Can Our Military Do ?	the_a	837
Nearby , on the small table , sat a box of tissues .	Nearby , on a small table , sat a box of tissues .	the_a	838
Bloodstains and the handcuff key were found on the boat .	Bloodstains and a handcuff key were found on the boat .	the_a	839
The two-point conversion failed , but Nathan Jones recovered the ensuing onside kick .	A two-point conversion failed , but Nathan Jones recovered the ensuing onside kick .	the_a	840
The few months later , I confronted an even more troubling problem .	A few months later , I confronted an even more troubling problem .	the_a	841
The week passed .	A week passed .	the_a	842
This the little faster , and these guys are bigger than I thought .	This a little faster , and these guys are bigger than I thought .	the_a	843
Paint peels from walls , and the gaping crack splits the kitchen ceiling .	Paint peels from walls , and a gaping crack splits the kitchen ceiling .	the_a	844
Mouth off to the ref and you might get ejected .	Mouth off to a ref and you might get ejected .	the_a	845
The verdict of death by misadventure was recorded .	A verdict of death by misadventure was recorded .	the_a	846
The couple of the acrobatic sequences dispense with theatrical trappings .	A couple of the acrobatic sequences dispense with theatrical trappings .	the_a	847
The number of leading political figures are still being held .	A number of leading political figures are still being held .	the_a	848
The single floral tribute lay at the entrance .	A single floral tribute lay at the entrance .	the_a	849
The boy uses his phone while Johnson is distracted .	A boy uses his phone while Johnson is distracted .	the_a	850
The creditors meeting is also planned .	A creditors meeting is also planned .	the_a	851
The hung parliament could lead to new elections .	A hung parliament could lead to new elections .	the_a	852
The announcement regarding Girardi 's hiring could come today .	An announcement regarding Girardi 's hiring could come today .	the_a	853
Inspectors : Southeast Hospital Conditions the Danger to Patients What can this mean ?	Inspectors : Southeast Hospital Conditions a Danger to Patients What can this mean ?	the_a	854
The month of baseball remains .	A month of baseball remains .	the_a	855
The march is planned in Aberdeen Saturday .	A march is planned in Aberdeen Saturday .	the_a	856
The hearing in the case was scheduled for Thursday .	A hearing in the case was scheduled for Thursday .	the_a	857
The partner is identified as a brother .	A partner is identified as a brother .	the_a	858
in the city that never sleeps .	in a city that never sleeps .	the_a	859
The friendly table tennis match gives the students a chance to mingle .	A friendly table tennis match gives the students a chance to mingle .	the_a	860
The number of governors have been murdered recently .	A number of governors have been murdered recently .	the_a	861
The poet always struggles .	A poet always struggles .	the_a	862
Minimum wind speed for the tropical storm is 39 mph .	Minimum wind speed for a tropical storm is 39 mph .	the_a	863
The final report may take months to complete .	A final report may take months to complete .	the_a	864
The message left for that office was not immediately returned Thursday .	A message left for that office was not immediately returned Thursday .	the_a	865
The man has died while in custody at a Kent police station .	A man has died while in custody at a Kent police station .	the_a	866
The visit to a podiatrist can take the guesswork out of the diagnosis .	A visit to a podiatrist can take the guesswork out of the diagnosis .	the_a	867
The brief marriage to Carolyn Amory ended in divorce .	A brief marriage to Carolyn Amory ended in divorce .	the_a	868
The cock crashed at high speed into the electricity wires .	A cock crashed at high speed into the electricity wires .	the_a	869
1 at the apartment in Lancaster Township , investigators said .	1 at an apartment in Lancaster Township , investigators said .	the_a	870
The 70-year-old runner from Germany collapsed during the Chicago Marathon .	A 70-year-old runner from Germany collapsed during the Chicago Marathon .	the_a	871
Tusk 's call for the pullout came as no surprise .	Tusk 's call for a pullout came as no surprise .	the_a	872
The security guard reported the discovery of these items .	A security guard reported the discovery of these items .	the_a	873
And better yet : The chance to do it again in Game 7 .	And better yet : A chance to do it again in Game 7 .	the_a	874
The judge is set to hear the matter on Wednesday .	A judge is set to hear the matter on Wednesday .	the_a	875
And one night sometime after the transaction , her 4-year-old daughter disappeared .	And one night sometime after a transaction , her 4-year-old daughter disappeared .	the_a	876
The 15-metre ( yard ) deep lake fills the volcano 's crater .	A 15-metre ( yard ) deep lake fills the volcano 's crater .	the_a	877
Only the couple comets each decade are this easy to see .	Only a couple comets each decade are this easy to see .	the_a	878
Among finished drugs , the estimated 40 percent are made abroad .	Among finished drugs , an estimated 40 percent are made abroad .	the_a	879
Job growth and the healthy local economy are driving people to Sin City .	Job growth and a healthy local economy are driving people to Sin City .	the_a	880
The spokesman for the NHL did not have an immediate comment .	A spokesman for the NHL did not have an immediate comment .	the_a	881
The city that was the crime capital of America .	A city that was the crime capital of America .	the_a	882
But the dog-adoption problem is a whole other matter .	But a dog-adoption problem is a whole other matter .	the_a	883
His 3-pointer with the second remaining gave the Flyers a 45-33 halftime lead .	His 3-pointer with a second remaining gave the Flyers a 45-33 halftime lead .	the_a	884
In the television appearance yesterday , Thompson defended Martin .	In a television appearance yesterday , Thompson defended Martin .	the_a	885
The public consultation on the flood risk proposals runs until 10 December .	A public consultation on the flood risk proposals runs until 10 December .	the_a	886
The press conference will be held Monday on campus .	A press conference will be held Monday on campus .	the_a	887
the door opened .	a door opened .	the_a	888
The similar surplus exists across much of the country .	A similar surplus exists across much of the country .	the_a	889
If the Bhutto personality is in the party , its fortunes are transformed .	If a Bhutto personality is in the party , its fortunes are transformed .	the_a	890
The guy just walked past me with a gun .	A guy just walked past me with a gun .	the_a	891
The favorite setting is the party that goes subtly but disastrously astray .	A favorite setting is the party that goes subtly but disastrously astray .	the_a	892
The British child has fallen from a balcony in Majorca .	A British child has fallen from a balcony in Majorca .	the_a	893
The Shadow That Keeps Lengthening One defendant has yet to be arraigned .	A Shadow That Keeps Lengthening One defendant has yet to be arraigned .	the_a	894
In any other circumstances , such the outbreak of level-headedness would be applauded .	In any other circumstances , such an outbreak of level-headedness would be applauded .	the_a	895
The voluminous top makes the bottom half of your body appear slimmer .	A voluminous top makes the bottom half of your body appear slimmer .	the_a	896
The changing of the guard was predicted in the N.F.C. West .	A changing of the guard was predicted in the N.F.C. West .	the_a	897
But the knee injury sustained in pregame warmups forced him out early .	But a knee injury sustained in pregame warmups forced him out early .	the_a	898
The late-career win is not completely unprecedented , however .	A late-career win is not completely unprecedented , however .	the_a	899
Tuesday , the statement posted on the agency 's Web site said .	Tuesday , a statement posted on the agency 's Web site said .	the_a	900
The jury originally awarded $ 5 billion in 1994 .	A jury originally awarded $ 5 billion in 1994 .	the_a	901
Although unusual , the brain tumor can cause symptoms like this .	Although unusual , a brain tumor can cause symptoms like this .	the_a	902
Then , the tap on the screen will download the song from iTunes .	Then , a tap on the screen will download the song from iTunes .	the_a	903
The uncle mentioned that Harvard had a professor of poetry .	An uncle mentioned that Harvard had a professor of poetry .	the_a	904
The second man , 20 , has been bailed pending further enquiries .	A second man , 20 , has been bailed pending further enquiries .	the_a	905
The undated image shows Pekka-Eric Auvinen , who killed eight people and himself .	An undated image shows Pekka-Eric Auvinen , who killed eight people and himself .	the_a	906
In the separate incident , two policemen manning a checkpoint were shot dead .	In a separate incident , two policemen manning a checkpoint were shot dead .	the_a	907
The police officer leaves the family 's home with a bag of evidence .	A police officer leaves the family 's home with a bag of evidence .	the_a	908
After the quick packing job , the bus was on its way .	After a quick packing job , the bus was on its way .	the_a	909
The 39-year-old motorcyclist has died in hospital after a road crash in Surrey .	A 39-year-old motorcyclist has died in hospital after a road crash in Surrey .	the_a	910
What the horrible task something like that might be .	What a horrible task something like that might be .	the_a	911
The post-mortem examination revealed she died from pressure to the neck .	A post-mortem examination revealed she died from pressure to the neck .	the_a	912
The radiologist then checks the images for suspicious polyps .	A radiologist then checks the images for suspicious polyps .	the_a	913
Of the stable of 80 locomotives , only 15 are operational .	Of a stable of 80 locomotives , only 15 are operational .	the_a	914
The new study suggests that Alzheimer 's disease may have a maternal link .	A new study suggests that Alzheimer 's disease may have a maternal link .	the_a	915
Back at Bastion , the Tannoy announces that casualties are inbound .	Back at Bastion , a Tannoy announces that casualties are inbound .	the_a	916
The lack of consideration to legal requirements is the real issue here .	A lack of consideration to legal requirements is the real issue here .	the_a	917
And to the great extent , the music was rhythm and blues .	And to a great extent , the music was rhythm and blues .	the_a	918
However the reviewer in the New York Daily News was less generous .	However a reviewer in the New York Daily News was less generous .	the_a	919
In the interview , Mr. Thompson said his priorities had not changed .	In an interview , Mr. Thompson said his priorities had not changed .	the_a	920
About half the dozen helicopters flew along the frontier .	About half a dozen helicopters flew along the frontier .	the_a	921
The Apple representative did not immediately return a call to comment Monday .	An Apple representative did not immediately return a call to comment Monday .	the_a	922
The behavior-detection officer will detect somebody no matter what the weapon is .	A behavior-detection officer will detect somebody no matter what the weapon is .	the_a	923
People with the lower BMI also are have a risk for cardiovascular disease .	People with a lower BMI also are have a risk for cardiovascular disease .	the_a	924
The few months after returning , she met her future husband .	A few months after returning , she met her future husband .	the_a	925
The call to a representative for Combs was not immediately returned .	A call to a representative for Combs was not immediately returned .	the_a	926
The copy of the plan was provided to The Associated Press .	A copy of the plan was provided to The Associated Press .	the_a	927
The spokesman for the football club declined to comment .	A spokesman for the football club declined to comment .	the_a	928
The dozen houses were swept out to sea .	A dozen houses were swept out to sea .	the_a	929
The Interior Ministry official put the death toll at 25 .	An Interior Ministry official put the death toll at 25 .	the_a	930
The disintegration of the 25-year-old agreement signaled a shake-up for the industry .	The disintegration of a 25-year-old agreement signaled a shake-up for the industry .	the_a	931
The spokesman for Vonage declined comment .	A spokesman for Vonage declined comment .	the_a	932
Quite the lot , if they are old folk thinking of trading down .	Quite a lot , if they are old folk thinking of trading down .	the_a	933
The piece of that could be a tax .	A piece of that could be a tax .	the_a	934
From the legal perspective , there is another upside .	From a legal perspective , there is another upside .	the_a	935
The lot of the teasing is about my job .	A lot of the teasing is about my job .	the_a	936
The total of 42 neurological problems were analyzed .	A total of 42 neurological problems were analyzed .	the_a	937
The call to tribal officials was not immediately returned on Saturday .	A call to tribal officials was not immediately returned on Saturday .	the_a	938
The ounce of gold added $ 2 to $ 752 .	An ounce of gold added $ 2 to $ 752 .	the_a	939
The investigation into the accident is under way .	An investigation into the accident is under way .	the_a	940
For the change of lifestyle after Mike suffered a heart attack .	For a change of lifestyle after Mike suffered a heart attack .	the_a	941
The higher proportion of these events have been reported in Japan .	A higher proportion of these events have been reported in Japan .	the_a	942
Richard Kitzman , the elevator employee , was shot three times but survived .	Richard Kitzman , an elevator employee , was shot three times but survived .	the_a	943
The wife of one of the officers brought them spare clothes .	A wife of one of the officers brought them spare clothes .	the_a	944
The key oil export pipeline from the Caspian Sea also runs through Georgia .	A key oil export pipeline from the Caspian Sea also runs through Georgia .	the_a	945
Such the common geography is significant .	Such a common geography is significant .	the_a	946
The report was sent to Child Protective Services for review .	A report was sent to Child Protective Services for review .	the_a	947
The incident on a college campus is raising those questions .	An incident on a college campus is raising those questions .	the_a	948
On the recent afternoon , workers put up fixtures and installed the escalators .	On a recent afternoon , workers put up fixtures and installed the escalators .	the_a	949
The call to his agent , Donald Yee , was not immediately returned .	A call to his agent , Donald Yee , was not immediately returned .	the_a	950
About the quarter of France 's 60 million people are smokers .	About a quarter of France 's 60 million people are smokers .	the_a	951
The I.R.S. spokeswoman declined to comment on Mr. Bruno 's situation .	An I.R.S. spokeswoman declined to comment on Mr. Bruno 's situation .	the_a	952
The front loader shoveled blackened debris into a dump truck .	A front loader shoveled blackened debris into a dump truck .	the_a	953
The CAT scan revealed severe brain damage , including older brain bruises .	A CAT scan revealed severe brain damage , including older brain bruises .	the_a	954
Inside , the cluster of women wait , wet hair wrapped in towels .	Inside , a cluster of women wait , wet hair wrapped in towels .	the_a	955
The dip in world supply is expected to push prices sky high .	A dip in world supply is expected to push prices sky high .	the_a	956
The crackdown also is being pushed in Atlanta , Georgia .	A crackdown also is being pushed in Atlanta , Georgia .	the_a	957
The total of 16 teams will participate in the tournament .	A total of 16 teams will participate in the tournament .	the_a	958
The Strathclyde Police spokesman said traffic had now started to move again .	A Strathclyde Police spokesman said traffic had now started to move again .	the_a	959
The man has been attacked and robbed in Shrewsbury , Shropshire .	A man has been attacked and robbed in Shrewsbury , Shropshire .	the_a	960
The medical claim filed against the city by the keeper was denied .	A medical claim filed against the city by the keeper was denied .	the_a	961
The hometown was not immediately available .	A hometown was not immediately available .	the_a	962
The elderly man has died after being hit by a bus in Devon .	An elderly man has died after being hit by a bus in Devon .	the_a	963
The suitable donor has yet to be found , she said .	A suitable donor has yet to be found , she said .	the_a	964
In the way , G.E. has developed its own form of self-assessment .	In a way , G.E. has developed its own form of self-assessment .	the_a	965
Every year , the estimated 100,000 under-16s are reported missing .	Every year , an estimated 100,000 under-16s are reported missing .	the_a	966
The record 756 cases were reported in 2006 , Sky News said Thursday .	A record 756 cases were reported in 2006 , Sky News said Thursday .	the_a	967
The Hennepin County judge is set to consider Craig 's request on Wednesday .	A Hennepin County judge is set to consider Craig 's request on Wednesday .	the_a	968
The vote on the bill sponsored was pending .	A vote on the bill sponsored was pending .	the_a	969
An 0-2 start in the conference they had won the previous season .	An 0-2 start in a conference they had won the previous season .	the_a	970
Under Utah law , the 14-year-old can consent to sex in some circumstances .	Under Utah law , a 14-year-old can consent to sex in some circumstances .	the_a	971
Mr Macdonald , the forklift driver , said Ahmed had ruined their lives .	Mr Macdonald , a forklift driver , said Ahmed had ruined their lives .	the_a	972
The hearing on the case has been set for Oct. 1 .	A hearing on the case has been set for Oct. 1 .	the_a	973
Armed robber blasts woman officer The life sustaining environment is possible .	Armed robber blasts woman officer A life sustaining environment is possible .	the_a	974
The fifth piece of advice : talk less , listen more .	A fifth piece of advice : talk less , listen more .	the_a	975
" Its the family thing , " she said .	" Its a family thing , " she said .	the_a	976
Without the doubt that will happen .	Without a doubt that will happen .	the_a	977
Such the move is not on the 65-year-old 's agenda though .	Such a move is not on the 65-year-old 's agenda though .	the_a	978
The 17-year-old woman appeared in court on Friday charged with the murder .	A 17-year-old woman appeared in court on Friday charged with the murder .	the_a	979
The second was taken from the restaurant on a stretcher with life-threatening injuries .	A second was taken from the restaurant on a stretcher with life-threatening injuries .	the_a	980
The Greek government spokesman denied that authorities endangered migrants ' lives .	A Greek government spokesman denied that authorities endangered migrants ' lives .	the_a	981
Within the year it failed .	Within a year it failed .	the_a	982
Beneath the sickly sweet smell is an undeniably rotten odour .	Beneath a sickly sweet smell is an undeniably rotten odour .	the_a	983
The pop star needs to be someone humble and touching and powerful .	A pop star needs to be someone humble and touching and powerful .	the_a	984
The governors ' meeting will be held on Monday .	A governors ' meeting will be held on Monday .	the_a	985
The after-hours message left with Bentonville , Ark.-based Wal-Mart was not immediately returned .	An after-hours message left with Bentonville , Ark.-based Wal-Mart was not immediately returned .	the_a	986
In the inner-city practice you tend to get more verbal abuse .	In an inner-city practice you tend to get more verbal abuse .	the_a	987
'Accepted findings' The leopard could in a minute .	'Accepted findings' A leopard could in a minute .	the_a	988
The broadband connection is essential .	A broadband connection is essential .	the_a	989
The NATO spokesman , Maj. Charles Anthony , said soldiers were investigating .	A NATO spokesman , Maj. Charles Anthony , said soldiers were investigating .	the_a	990
The general alert had been issued for the city , officials said .	A general alert had been issued for the city , officials said .	the_a	991
The friend saw Junny get into a truck with a man .	A friend saw Junny get into a truck with a man .	the_a	992
The U.S. Army UH-60 Black Hawk flies a mission over Iraq last year .	A U.S. Army UH-60 Black Hawk flies a mission over Iraq last year .	the_a	993
The 10-year warranty says a lot about the car company .	A 10-year warranty says a lot about the car company .	the_a	994
The way will have to be found for the two parties to co-operate .	A way will have to be found for the two parties to co-operate .	the_a	995
Unlike the corporate CEO , a university president has little formal power .	Unlike a corporate CEO , a university president has little formal power .	the_a	996
The sudden collapse of central rule could be disastrous , Win said .	A sudden collapse of central rule could be disastrous , Win said .	the_a	997
In the already shocking case , the shocking details just keep on coming .	In an already shocking case , the shocking details just keep on coming .	the_a	998
The hearing on the matter was scheduled for Oct. 26 .	A hearing on the matter was scheduled for Oct. 26 .	the_a	999
The PSNI spokeswoman said the youths have since been released .	A PSNI spokeswoman said the youths have since been released .	the_a	1000
In some cases , the election can be rerun .	In some cases , an election can be rerun .	the_a	1001
The Scottish missionary is credited with ending this practice .	A Scottish missionary is credited with ending this practice .	the_a	1002
The teacher shields her student from a schoolyard gunman with her body .	A teacher shields her student from a schoolyard gunman with her body .	the_a	1003
The proposal to look at buying metal detectors was tabled .	A proposal to look at buying metal detectors was tabled .	the_a	1004
The attorney for the defunct company did not return calls yesterday .	An attorney for the defunct company did not return calls yesterday .	the_a	1005
Now , after the year on Herceptin , Diekmeyer is almost paid up .	Now , after a year on Herceptin , Diekmeyer is almost paid up .	the_a	1006
Three policemen and the civilian were wounded .	Three policemen and a civilian were wounded .	the_a	1007
The plaster bust is then made from the latex mold .	A plaster bust is then made from the latex mold .	the_a	1008
The few hours later , he lost it for good .	A few hours later , he lost it for good .	the_a	1009
In the saute pan add butter and garlic .	In a saute pan add butter and garlic .	the_a	1010
The look of panic spread across her face , and her cheek twitched .	A look of panic spread across her face , and her cheek twitched .	the_a	1011
The construction crane also toppled over .	A construction crane also toppled over .	the_a	1012
, the New Orleans attorney who filed the motion for an injunction .	, a New Orleans attorney who filed the motion for an injunction .	the_a	1013
The phone message left at his office was not immediately returned Thursday .	A phone message left at his office was not immediately returned Thursday .	the_a	1014
The search was on for photographic evidence .	A search was on for photographic evidence .	the_a	1015
Plan for the major time suck The Emmys spread the awards wealth .	Plan for a major time suck The Emmys spread the awards wealth .	the_a	1016
Like the summons to jury duty , I regard them with dread .	Like a summons to jury duty , I regard them with dread .	the_a	1017
The yogurt or kefir drink per day might help keep infections at bay .	A yogurt or kefir drink per day might help keep infections at bay .	the_a	1018
The nurse from the camp is also on trial .	A nurse from the camp is also on trial .	the_a	1019
The database of burns caused by consumer products was closed .	A database of burns caused by consumer products was closed .	the_a	1020
Coco Pazzo , the buzzy family restaurant , is better value .	Coco Pazzo , a buzzy family restaurant , is better value .	the_a	1021
More than the third of these troops agreed to six-year extensions .	More than a third of these troops agreed to six-year extensions .	the_a	1022
The union representative also declined to comment .	A union representative also declined to comment .	the_a	1023
The six-person U.S. technical assistance team is currently in Greece .	A six-person U.S. technical assistance team is currently in Greece .	the_a	1024
The plaque was unveiled outside his former home .	A plaque was unveiled outside his former home .	the_a	1025
Drain on the paper towel-lined baking sheet .	Drain on a paper towel-lined baking sheet .	the_a	1026
The associate of Mehsud , however , denied Taliban involvement .	An associate of Mehsud , however , denied Taliban involvement .	the_a	1027
, in the SUV has been seized by state wildlife agents .	, in an SUV has been seized by state wildlife agents .	the_a	1028
Now , the neighborhood becomes calm only after its minority community has fled .	Now , a neighborhood becomes calm only after its minority community has fled .	the_a	1029
The native of Ecuador , Sergeant Mora had recently become an American citizen .	A native of Ecuador , Sergeant Mora had recently become an American citizen .	the_a	1030
Pennington , the team captain , took the demotion with typical dignity .	Pennington , a team captain , took the demotion with typical dignity .	the_a	1031
The judge Friday found him fit to stand trial despite a psychological condition .	A judge Friday found him fit to stand trial despite a psychological condition .	the_a	1032
In the war where perceptions are paramount , the effect is poisonous .	In a war where perceptions are paramount , the effect is poisonous .	the_a	1033
Still , the majority of players prefer 4 ... d5 .	Still , a majority of players prefer 4 ... d5 .	the_a	1034
The bizarre feature of the planet is how far Uranus is tipped .	A bizarre feature of the planet is how far Uranus is tipped .	the_a	1035
The priest is stopped on the road for speeding .	A priest is stopped on the road for speeding .	the_a	1036
The Associated Press reporter overheard the conversation and discussed it with Bowman .	An Associated Press reporter overheard the conversation and discussed it with Bowman .	the_a	1037
The third type of license will be available to undocumented immigrants .	A third type of license will be available to undocumented immigrants .	the_a	1038
The court hearing is set for Monday , a court clerk confirmed .	A court hearing is set for Monday , a court clerk confirmed .	the_a	1039
The genetics team can do a comprehensive review of medical and family histories .	A genetics team can do a comprehensive review of medical and family histories .	the_a	1040
The misunderstood boy in a hostile world , Charlie Brown would just sigh .	A misunderstood boy in a hostile world , Charlie Brown would just sigh .	the_a	1041
The prayer vigil was held as the remains were removed .	A prayer vigil was held as the remains were removed .	the_a	1042
www.greentraveller.co.uk : the site we should all be using more often .	www.greentraveller.co.uk : a site we should all be using more often .	the_a	1043
The university spokesman declined to comment on the meeting late Wednesday .	A university spokesman declined to comment on the meeting late Wednesday .	the_a	1044
Though the All-Star in 2004 , he is hardly superstar material .	Though an All-Star in 2004 , he is hardly superstar material .	the_a	1045
, the Glen Cove firm that tracks real estate transactions .	, a Glen Cove firm that tracks real estate transactions .	the_a	1046
The judge refused to reduce Green 's $ 25 million cash bond .	A judge refused to reduce Green 's $ 25 million cash bond .	the_a	1047
The lot of things I see in dreams .	A lot of things I see in dreams .	the_a	1048
The few days earlier , Youssif toured Universal Studios .	A few days earlier , Youssif toured Universal Studios .	the_a	1049
The 30-year-old man was killed and two other workers were seriously burned .	A 30-year-old man was killed and two other workers were seriously burned .	the_a	1050
The beautiful river , frothy and green , runs past their mill .	A beautiful river , frothy and green , runs past their mill .	the_a	1051
" " The lot is being exposed .	" " A lot is being exposed .	the_a	1052
The acquaintance is someone who might not be loyal .	An acquaintance is someone who might not be loyal .	the_a	1053
The total of 12 series of the comedy show were made .	A total of 12 series of the comedy show were made .	the_a	1054
The small telescope will help bring out the fuzzy details .	A small telescope will help bring out the fuzzy details .	the_a	1055
The pilot , the Indonesian , was also killed in the crash .	The pilot , an Indonesian , was also killed in the crash .	the_a	1056
The month later , coach Marty Schottenheimer was fired due to front-office friction .	A month later , coach Marty Schottenheimer was fired due to front-office friction .	the_a	1057
, the conservative evangelical Democrat , who bankrolled most of his own campaign .	, a conservative evangelical Democrat , who bankrolled most of his own campaign .	the_a	1058
The tarp had been spread on the floor , she said .	A tarp had been spread on the floor , she said .	the_a	1059
The U.S. army spokeswoman could not confirm the nature of the mission .	A U.S. army spokeswoman could not confirm the nature of the mission .	the_a	1060
The match-winning break of 76 followed and O 'Sullivan praised his conqueror .	A match-winning break of 76 followed and O 'Sullivan praised his conqueror .	the_a	1061
The few more I downloaded from the Internet .	A few more I downloaded from the Internet .	the_a	1062
The Brooklyn Democrat bats his eyes ?	A Brooklyn Democrat bats his eyes ?	the_a	1063
The motorist stopped around 7 p.m. and asked if they were stranded .	A motorist stopped around 7 p.m. and asked if they were stranded .	the_a	1064
The warden told him of the governor 's commutation about an hour later .	A warden told him of the governor 's commutation about an hour later .	the_a	1065
The lot of the deterioration in saving has come from upper-income households .	A lot of the deterioration in saving has come from upper-income households .	the_a	1066
The slightly eccentric sport is always embraced .	A slightly eccentric sport is always embraced .	the_a	1067
Anderson , the 11-year veteran , has chronic pain in his right foot .	Anderson , an 11-year veteran , has chronic pain in his right foot .	the_a	1068
( AP ) - Even the field of dreams needs a permit .	( AP ) - Even a field of dreams needs a permit .	the_a	1069
If the argument is imminent , approach the situation with caution .	If an argument is imminent , approach the situation with caution .	the_a	1070
The assistant manager escorted him out .	An assistant manager escorted him out .	the_a	1071
Ali Shakeri , the California businessman , was also picked up in May .	Ali Shakeri , a California businessman , was also picked up in May .	the_a	1072
The 42-year-old man has been arrested in Bordesley Green , Birmingham .	A 42-year-old man has been arrested in Bordesley Green , Birmingham .	the_a	1073
The happy Owens is a dangerous one .	A happy Owens is a dangerous one .	the_a	1074
Because in the way it all seems so ridiculous .	Because in a way it all seems so ridiculous .	the_a	1075
" The perfect ending , " he said .	" A perfect ending , " he said .	the_a	1076
The people-eating pig is below , waiting for them to fall .	A people-eating pig is below , waiting for them to fall .	the_a	1077
The tropical storm carries sustained winds of 39 to 73 mph .	A tropical storm carries sustained winds of 39 to 73 mph .	the_a	1078
So for the while it was them or the Mormon Tabernacle Choir .	So for a while it was them or the Mormon Tabernacle Choir .	the_a	1079
On Thursday , the suicide attack on a military truck killed 20 people .	On Thursday , a suicide attack on a military truck killed 20 people .	the_a	1080
The full complement of the organism 's DNA is called its genome .	The full complement of an organism 's DNA is called its genome .	the_a	1081
The council is to charge supermarkets for retrieving abandoned trolleys from streets .	A council is to charge supermarkets for retrieving abandoned trolleys from streets .	the_a	1082
Yesterday , the FBI official reiterated that there were no connections to terrorism .	Yesterday , an FBI official reiterated that there were no connections to terrorism .	the_a	1083
Because of the age-old agreement , Wimbledon releases its surplus to the LTA .	Because of an age-old agreement , Wimbledon releases its surplus to the LTA .	the_a	1084
The new library is being installed at Jersey 's La Moye Prison .	A new library is being installed at Jersey 's La Moye Prison .	the_a	1085
The dozen adoptions a year may not sound like much .	A dozen adoptions a year may not sound like much .	the_a	1086
The spokesman for Mr. Saul 's campaign did not return calls last night .	A spokesman for Mr. Saul 's campaign did not return calls last night .	the_a	1087
" The Pringles can can turn into a pretzel , " Martens said .	" A Pringles can can turn into a pretzel , " Martens said .	the_a	1088
The third recently completed her latest humanitarian trip , to Vietnam .	A third recently completed her latest humanitarian trip , to Vietnam .	the_a	1089
The AP reporter saw two lawyers with head injuries .	An AP reporter saw two lawyers with head injuries .	the_a	1090
The proposed tramway has still not been agreed by the greater Paris region .	A proposed tramway has still not been agreed by the greater Paris region .	the_a	1091
Precisely on cue , the horrible screech of feedback made everybody wince .	Precisely on cue , a horrible screech of feedback made everybody wince .	the_a	1092
The small sum of cash was stolen .	A small sum of cash was stolen .	the_a	1093
Suitable for : The garden that needs brightening up .	Suitable for : A garden that needs brightening up .	the_a	1094
But Oden , the 7-foot , 245-pound center , is the linchpin .	But Oden , a 7-foot , 245-pound center , is the linchpin .	the_a	1095
After the court battle , he eventually gained access to patient medical records .	After a court battle , he eventually gained access to patient medical records .	the_a	1096
The 38-year-old man has been arrested and detained .	A 38-year-old man has been arrested and detained .	the_a	1097
The 16-year-old has been charged with murder .	A 16-year-old has been charged with murder .	the_a	1098
The 10,000-member U.N. peacekeeping mission is deployed in the south .	A 10,000-member U.N. peacekeeping mission is deployed in the south .	the_a	1099
The 10-year-old briefcase still accompanies one Detroit entrepreneur to the office .	A 10-year-old briefcase still accompanies one Detroit entrepreneur to the office .	the_a	1100
The sad feeling of homelessness envelops them .	A sad feeling of homelessness envelops them .	the_a	1101
The interviewer asked Mr. Kerry about it .	An interviewer asked Mr. Kerry about it .	the_a	1102
The government attorney did not return telephone calls .	A government attorney did not return telephone calls .	the_a	1103
The even closer relationship might suit both .	An even closer relationship might suit both .	the_a	1104
The labor official was fined $ 100 plus $ 33 court costs .	A labor official was fined $ 100 plus $ 33 court costs .	the_a	1105
The foot switch triggers the stimulation in time with the person 's step .	A foot switch triggers the stimulation in time with the person 's step .	the_a	1106
The similarly late though potentially revolutionary trend may finally be getting its day .	A similarly late though potentially revolutionary trend may finally be getting its day .	the_a	1107
The host of additional finish colors will be available by special order .	A host of additional finish colors will be available by special order .	the_a	1108
But the motive remained unclear .	But a motive remained unclear .	the_a	1109
Thus the perfect storm will be created .	Thus a perfect storm will be created .	the_a	1110
The antioxidant in coffee may also help protect against diabetes .	An antioxidant in coffee may also help protect against diabetes .	the_a	1111
The few rural cellular providers may keep their networks up .	A few rural cellular providers may keep their networks up .	the_a	1112
The little mascara and beige shadow will do .	A little mascara and beige shadow will do .	the_a	1113
" The American people like the change , " he said .	" The American people like a change , " he said .	the_a	1114
The young boy runs the bases in a Little League baseball game .	A young boy runs the bases in a Little League baseball game .	the_a	1115
The new law seeks to prevent the misuse of sub-contracting .	A new law seeks to prevent the misuse of sub-contracting .	the_a	1116
( qna ) The lot , said Riggins .	( qna ) A lot , said Riggins .	the_a	1117
The second life But nothing 's final in the global used car business .	A second life But nothing 's final in the global used car business .	the_a	1118
The grandson named after Tibbets is a B2 pilot stationed in Belgium .	A grandson named after Tibbets is a B2 pilot stationed in Belgium .	the_a	1119
The message left at Principal Johneita Durant 's office was not returned .	A message left at Principal Johneita Durant 's office was not returned .	the_a	1120
The moment later " Law & Order " cut to a commercial .	A moment later " Law & Order " cut to a commercial .	the_a	1121
The statue of him is in the grounds of Stormont .	A statue of him is in the grounds of Stormont .	the_a	1122
Snake country Inside , the man , happily drunk , played the piano .	Snake country Inside , a man , happily drunk , played the piano .	the_a	1123
Even the short stroll can make a difference .	Even a short stroll can make a difference .	the_a	1124
Mr. Parsons , the fourth-generation fly fisherman , not surprisingly focuses on fish .	Mr. Parsons , a fourth-generation fly fisherman , not surprisingly focuses on fish .	the_a	1125
Both the children 's parents and the court must consent to the shocks .	Both the children 's parents and a court must consent to the shocks .	the_a	1126
To the major label that number is almost indistinguishable from zero .	To a major label that number is almost indistinguishable from zero .	the_a	1127
The call to the Department of Labor was not immediately returned .	A call to the Department of Labor was not immediately returned .	the_a	1128
The number of the cases have involved student athletes .	A number of the cases have involved student athletes .	the_a	1129
The artery was the cause in both cases .	An artery was the cause in both cases .	the_a	1130
Karachi , the normally boisterous city of 15 million , remained subdued Saturday .	Karachi , a normally boisterous city of 15 million , remained subdued Saturday .	the_a	1131
The outright sale of Facebook is considered unlikely .	An outright sale of Facebook is considered unlikely .	the_a	1132
The U.S. Air Force F-16 aircraft attacked the target .	A U.S. Air Force F-16 aircraft attacked the target .	the_a	1133
The 8-year-old girl runs 2,212 miles to Beijing in 55 days .	An 8-year-old girl runs 2,212 miles to Beijing in 55 days .	the_a	1134
The total of 31 pandas were born this year .	A total of 31 pandas were born this year .	the_a	1135
The turning point in the AIDS crisis came with advances in modern medicine .	A turning point in the AIDS crisis came with advances in modern medicine .	the_a	1136
The OBE goes to the black musician Trevor Romeo .	An OBE goes to the black musician Trevor Romeo .	the_a	1137
What if the animal escapes while you are in a zoo ?	What if an animal escapes while you are in a zoo ?	the_a	1138
The spokesmen for Apple declined to comment .	A spokesmen for Apple declined to comment .	the_a	1139
The folding ivory tabernacle would have been used for personal devotion while travelling .	A folding ivory tabernacle would have been used for personal devotion while travelling .	the_a	1140
" What the night , " Jagr said .	" What a night , " Jagr said .	the_a	1141
$ 20 for the onesie he will grow out of in a month ?	$ 20 for a onesie he will grow out of in a month ?	the_a	1142
But the special state grand jury found evidence Brawley had fabricated her story .	But a special state grand jury found evidence Brawley had fabricated her story .	the_a	1143
The large open deck area is used for sunbathing and cocktails .	A large open deck area is used for sunbathing and cocktails .	the_a	1144
The few seconds later the door opens .	A few seconds later the door opens .	the_a	1145
The view like that comes with a price .	A view like that comes with a price .	the_a	1146
The cameraman shoots pictures near the town of Zaharo in southern Greece .	A cameraman shoots pictures near the town of Zaharo in southern Greece .	the_a	1147
Not that the shining sun is required for the meter to spin backward .	Not that a shining sun is required for the meter to spin backward .	the_a	1148
WillParishLFC on 606 What the joint birthday party this could be .	WillParishLFC on 606 What a joint birthday party this could be .	the_a	1149
The American authority figure who takes a stance of less than total certainty .	An American authority figure who takes a stance of less than total certainty .	the_a	1150
The cause of death has not been released .	A cause of death has not been released .	the_a	1151
Only the small proportion of women are thought to be heavy drinkers .	Only a small proportion of women are thought to be heavy drinkers .	the_a	1152
Noonan 's three conversions and the further penalty extended the margin .	Noonan 's three conversions and a further penalty extended the margin .	the_a	1153
The few weeks later , in June , 8020 Publishing was born .	A few weeks later , in June , 8020 Publishing was born .	the_a	1154
Atsuki Ono , the 22-year-old engineering major , was more sympathetic .	Atsuki Ono , a 22-year-old engineering major , was more sympathetic .	the_a	1155
The limit of 36 vessels are allowed in the park each day .	A limit of 36 vessels are allowed in the park each day .	the_a	1156
One of his neighbors , the fellow sexual offender , turned him in .	One of his neighbors , a fellow sexual offender , turned him in .	the_a	1157
The Catholic priest confirmed the death of Surendini Imanuel , 33 .	A Catholic priest confirmed the death of Surendini Imanuel , 33 .	the_a	1158
The pro-Saakashvili majority in parliament is expected to quickly endorse his decision .	A pro-Saakashvili majority in parliament is expected to quickly endorse his decision .	the_a	1159
And in the way , he did .	And in a way , he did .	the_a	1160
The Sainsbury 's spokeswoman said deliveries resumed on Saturday .	A Sainsbury 's spokeswoman said deliveries resumed on Saturday .	the_a	1161
The absolute love and passion for art , that has not changed .	An absolute love and passion for art , that has not changed .	the_a	1162
Danger : The outdated smoke alarm He specialises in general corporate work .	Danger : An outdated smoke alarm He specialises in general corporate work .	the_a	1163
In the severe storm they could be 20 to 30 mph .	In a severe storm they could be 20 to 30 mph .	the_a	1164
The qualified human is required for that .	A qualified human is required for that .	the_a	1165
The coalition account described the dead as insurgents .	A coalition account described the dead as insurgents .	the_a	1166
And the sniper opened fire on pilgrims in southern Baghdad , wounding four .	And a sniper opened fire on pilgrims in southern Baghdad , wounding four .	the_a	1167
Through the spokeswoman , Chauhan denied the charges .	Through a spokeswoman , Chauhan denied the charges .	the_a	1168
The call to a Cerberus spokesman was not immediately returned .	A call to a Cerberus spokesman was not immediately returned .	the_a	1169
The year on , the deal is looking even harder to swallow .	A year on , the deal is looking even harder to swallow .	the_a	1170
The new case of foot-and-mouth has been confirmed in Surrey .	A new case of foot-and-mouth has been confirmed in Surrey .	the_a	1171
... The point needs clarified , so you call the sender .	... A point needs clarified , so you call the sender .	the_a	1172
The market flotation should allow the company to access fresh funds .	A market flotation should allow the company to access fresh funds .	the_a	1173
As with all expungement recommendations , the federal court 's approval was required .	As with all expungement recommendations , a federal court 's approval was required .	the_a	1174
The copy of his remarks was made available in Washington .	A copy of his remarks was made available in Washington .	the_a	1175
The school that was once dubbed the worst in Britain is to close .	A school that was once dubbed the worst in Britain is to close .	the_a	1176
The prison sentence is not mandatory under current law .	A prison sentence is not mandatory under current law .	the_a	1177
The very high percentage have mental health problems .	A very high percentage have mental health problems .	the_a	1178
In the way that they are all looking for solutions .	In a way that they are all looking for solutions .	the_a	1179
The open background has a limbs-and-leaves print layered loosely over a neutral background .	An open background has a limbs-and-leaves print layered loosely over a neutral background .	the_a	1180
The native of nearby Freehold , Springsteen still lives in Monmouth County .	A native of nearby Freehold , Springsteen still lives in Monmouth County .	the_a	1181
The church treasurer found Macnair on the phone both times , police said .	A church treasurer found Macnair on the phone both times , police said .	the_a	1182
The similar tone was struck by Mrs Clinton .	A similar tone was struck by Mrs Clinton .	the_a	1183
The presidential spokesman said he seemed fine but was undergoing medical tests .	A presidential spokesman said he seemed fine but was undergoing medical tests .	the_a	1184
The barrel of oil settled up $ 2.44 at $ 95.93 .	A barrel of oil settled up $ 2.44 at $ 95.93 .	the_a	1185
The new one , Converse 's Wade3 , has just arrived .	A new one , Converse 's Wade3 , has just arrived .	the_a	1186
The powerful and profitable Dermatology division He declined to elaborate .	A powerful and profitable Dermatology division He declined to elaborate .	the_a	1187
The Blockbuster spokeswoman said the company remains committed to all subscriber programs .	A Blockbuster spokeswoman said the company remains committed to all subscriber programs .	the_a	1188
In the small skillet , melt the butter over medium heat .	In a small skillet , melt the butter over medium heat .	the_a	1189
The lorry carrying 465 active hives went off the road at nearby Billings .	A lorry carrying 465 active hives went off the road at nearby Billings .	the_a	1190
For the former hospital nurse , Philip Scott has come a long way .	For a former hospital nurse , Philip Scott has come a long way .	the_a	1191
The contact phone number is included .	A contact phone number is included .	the_a	1192
Arrest warrants in Atlanta nightclub row Eventually the formal recruitment would take place .	Arrest warrants in Atlanta nightclub row Eventually a formal recruitment would take place .	the_a	1193
The work room will be available to all credentialed media representatives .	A work room will be available to all credentialed media representatives .	the_a	1194
The 42-year-old man was arrested and is currently being questioned about the assault .	A 42-year-old man was arrested and is currently being questioned about the assault .	the_a	1195
The disciplinary investigation into some members of staff is underway .	A disciplinary investigation into some members of staff is underway .	the_a	1196
The interpreter with the group was also killed .	An interpreter with the group was also killed .	the_a	1197
The Associated Press reporter saw two lawyers with head injuries .	An Associated Press reporter saw two lawyers with head injuries .	the_a	1198
Not even the finger was twitching .	Not even a finger was twitching .	the_a	1199
After the underwhelming school career she reluctantly joined a secretarial college .	After an underwhelming school career she reluctantly joined a secretarial college .	the_a	1200
The donkey can raise money .	A donkey can raise money .	the_a	1201
" " The spirit never dies , a spirit lasts forever .	" " A spirit never dies , a spirit lasts forever .	the_a	1202
The sentencing hearing began immediately after the verdict .	A sentencing hearing began immediately after the verdict .	the_a	1203
The saxophone growls suggestively from the hallway .	A saxophone growls suggestively from the hallway .	the_a	1204
The Reuters reporter was present at the scene .	A Reuters reporter was present at the scene .	the_a	1205
The flood of embarrassment knocked me sideways .	A flood of embarrassment knocked me sideways .	the_a	1206
The reading above 50 indicates expansion , while one below 50 shows contraction .	A reading above 50 indicates expansion , while one below 50 shows contraction .	the_a	1207
Even with the match questions will remain .	Even with a match questions will remain .	the_a	1208
Historically , the number of fighters in U.S. wars have become homeless .	Historically , a number of fighters in U.S. wars have become homeless .	the_a	1209
The bit of European humility and self-knowledge may be welcome .	A bit of European humility and self-knowledge may be welcome .	the_a	1210
Sometimes the napkin is just a piece of fabric .	Sometimes a napkin is just a piece of fabric .	the_a	1211
The hearing was scheduled for Dec. 4 .	A hearing was scheduled for Dec. 4 .	the_a	1212
The male Latino governor from the south-west would balance the ticket nicely .	A male Latino governor from the south-west would balance the ticket nicely .	the_a	1213
But the Tennessee loss at Indy sends Cleveland to the playoffs .	But a Tennessee loss at Indy sends Cleveland to the playoffs .	the_a	1214
The coroner ruled the death accidental .	A coroner ruled the death accidental .	the_a	1215
What the day you 've given us .	What a day you 've given us .	the_a	1216
The man has died following a crash in Herefordshire .	A man has died following a crash in Herefordshire .	the_a	1217
The final approval vote would not take place until January .	A final approval vote would not take place until January .	the_a	1218
The vote in the House is scheduled for October 18 .	A vote in the House is scheduled for October 18 .	the_a	1219
The weathered ribbon of transparent tape encircles the globe at its equator .	A weathered ribbon of transparent tape encircles the globe at its equator .	the_a	1220
Seven crew members of the Spanish charter company also were arrested .	Seven crew members of a Spanish charter company also were arrested .	the_a	1221
The offer there had just been accepted .	An offer there had just been accepted .	the_a	1222
The positive reading means confident firms outweigh the pessimistic ones .	A positive reading means confident firms outweigh the pessimistic ones .	the_a	1223
The list was to be released later Saturday .	A list was to be released later Saturday .	the_a	1224
The synopsis of rotigotine RLS clinical data presented at the meeting follows .	A synopsis of rotigotine RLS clinical data presented at the meeting follows .	the_a	1225
When the judge went out on a limb for her ?	When a judge went out on a limb for her ?	the_a	1226
The year later the phone rang again .	A year later the phone rang again .	the_a	1227
The robust cyclone-warning system saved thousands of lives .	A robust cyclone-warning system saved thousands of lives .	the_a	1228
The ceremonial groundbreaking is likely to be held next week .	A ceremonial groundbreaking is likely to be held next week .	the_a	1229
The wholesale credit crunch would make matters much worse .	A wholesale credit crunch would make matters much worse .	the_a	1230
The spokesman for Merrill Lynch was not immediately available for comment .	A spokesman for Merrill Lynch was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	1231
The " clutter " limit will also help European programme-makers .	A " clutter " limit will also help European programme-makers .	the_a	1232
The man and a woman were arrested during the search .	A man and a woman were arrested during the search .	the_a	1233
The new date has not been set .	A new date has not been set .	the_a	1234
The television station was violently shut down .	A television station was violently shut down .	the_a	1235
The mechanical cow stands in a shed , mooing at visitors .	A mechanical cow stands in a shed , mooing at visitors .	the_a	1236
The witness said the gunfire broke out following an explosion .	A witness said the gunfire broke out following an explosion .	the_a	1237
The street festival and cast lookalike contest is also on the schedule .	A street festival and cast lookalike contest is also on the schedule .	the_a	1238
The phone message left with the company Thursday was not immediately returned .	A phone message left with the company Thursday was not immediately returned .	the_a	1239
The red notice means a suspect is wanted for possible extradition .	A red notice means a suspect is wanted for possible extradition .	the_a	1240
The November strike would have the greatest immediate impact on television .	A November strike would have the greatest immediate impact on television .	the_a	1241
The total of 67 players made the cut .	A total of 67 players made the cut .	the_a	1242
The female tourist was clearly complaining about something to her male companion .	A female tourist was clearly complaining about something to her male companion .	the_a	1243
" " The 12-minute walk is a 30-minute drive .	" " A 12-minute walk is a 30-minute drive .	the_a	1244
The traffic-light system warns prospective partners how far members are willing to go .	A traffic-light system warns prospective partners how far members are willing to go .	the_a	1245
The coroner ruled Tuesday that the deaths were homicides .	A coroner ruled Tuesday that the deaths were homicides .	the_a	1246
The more common explanation is lack of identification on the bag .	A more common explanation is lack of identification on the bag .	the_a	1247
The Brookfield , Wis.-based financial information services and technology company uses rebates .	A Brookfield , Wis.-based financial information services and technology company uses rebates .	the_a	1248
Then the security person grabs me and pulls me aside .	Then a security person grabs me and pulls me aside .	the_a	1249
Kathy Gibbs , the corps spokeswoman in New Orleans , disagreed .	Kathy Gibbs , a corps spokeswoman in New Orleans , disagreed .	the_a	1250
Funnies : The Halliburton Wedding He will be resentenced .	Funnies : A Halliburton Wedding He will be resentenced .	the_a	1251
Dr. Jennifer Jablow , the dentist in Manhattan , has some suggestions .	Dr. Jennifer Jablow , a dentist in Manhattan , has some suggestions .	the_a	1252
The commuter student who arrived Friday morning was barred from campus .	A commuter student who arrived Friday morning was barred from campus .	the_a	1253
The basic problem But there is a basic problem .	A basic problem But there is a basic problem .	the_a	1254
The pressure for the return to full constitutional rule will be maintained .	The pressure for a return to full constitutional rule will be maintained .	the_a	1255
In the out-of-body way , my meanness intrigued me .	In an out-of-body way , my meanness intrigued me .	the_a	1256
Charlie Mead , the manager in dispatch , pondered that question .	Charlie Mead , a manager in dispatch , pondered that question .	the_a	1257
The few months later , it happened again .	A few months later , it happened again .	the_a	1258
The bald man came on with his juggling balls .	A bald man came on with his juggling balls .	the_a	1259
Recognition of the UDI by Kosovo would be a very big step .	Recognition of a UDI by Kosovo would be a very big step .	the_a	1260
The Vote Is To Be taken Next Month Before The Current Mandates Expire .	A Vote Is To Be taken Next Month Before The Current Mandates Expire .	the_a	1261
The ambulance arrived and took the officer to the hospital for observation .	An ambulance arrived and took the officer to the hospital for observation .	the_a	1262
The Worcestershire school has been put into special measures after a critical report .	A Worcestershire school has been put into special measures after a critical report .	the_a	1263
The combination of all these little things can make a difference .	A combination of all these little things can make a difference .	the_a	1264
In quake-prone Japan the tremor occurs at least every five minutes .	In quake-prone Japan a tremor occurs at least every five minutes .	the_a	1265
Half the century later do we really feel that now ?	Half a century later do we really feel that now ?	the_a	1266
Sadly , the roomful of high hopes was comprehensively dashed .	Sadly , a roomful of high hopes was comprehensively dashed .	the_a	1267
, the move one technology group sees as an invasion of privacy .	, a move one technology group sees as an invasion of privacy .	the_a	1268
The account of the Albany pizza delivery first appeared in The Albany Times-Union .	An account of the Albany pizza delivery first appeared in The Albany Times-Union .	the_a	1269
The adult walrus can eat 200 pounds of clams in a day .	An adult walrus can eat 200 pounds of clams in a day .	the_a	1270
Mining output , the category that includes oil production , fell 0.6 percent .	Mining output , a category that includes oil production , fell 0.6 percent .	the_a	1271
The counselor finally suggested that Vanessa be allowed to contact her father .	A counselor finally suggested that Vanessa be allowed to contact her father .	the_a	1272
The hairdresser 's question told Nikki Stern something about her own sensibilities .	A hairdresser 's question told Nikki Stern something about her own sensibilities .	the_a	1273
The message seeking comment was left for UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	A message seeking comment was left for UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	the_a	1274
The decade later it was Mr. Halvorssen 's mother 's turn .	A decade later it was Mr. Halvorssen 's mother 's turn .	the_a	1275
The whopping 84 percent of respondents spun their wheels on that one .	A whopping 84 percent of respondents spun their wheels on that one .	the_a	1276
The AK-47 assault rifle was found inside , Alvarez said .	An AK-47 assault rifle was found inside , Alvarez said .	the_a	1277
The Republican alternative resolution , which she voted against , passed overwhelmingly .	A Republican alternative resolution , which she voted against , passed overwhelmingly .	the_a	1278
Remarkably for such the small phone , it has a full-size headphone jack .	Remarkably for such a small phone , it has a full-size headphone jack .	the_a	1279
, the maker of medical devices that assist or monitor breathing .	, a maker of medical devices that assist or monitor breathing .	the_a	1280
The four-year-old war there has left at least 200,000 people dead .	A four-year-old war there has left at least 200,000 people dead .	the_a	1281
Estimates of the deep decline in economic growth have to be revised upwards .	Estimates of a deep decline in economic growth have to be revised upwards .	the_a	1282
The few do and become rich .	A few do and become rich .	the_a	1283
The weaker yen inflates their overseas earnings and makes their exports more competitive .	A weaker yen inflates their overseas earnings and makes their exports more competitive .	the_a	1284
The growing number of children and young people are being diagnosed with asthma .	A growing number of children and young people are being diagnosed with asthma .	the_a	1285
Anyone in the position of power must go through that .	Anyone in a position of power must go through that .	the_a	1286
Large imbalances and the global credit crunch are an alarming mixture .	Large imbalances and a global credit crunch are an alarming mixture .	the_a	1287
Less than the quarter of patients receiving placebo completed their therapy .	Less than a quarter of patients receiving placebo completed their therapy .	the_a	1288
Rookie Trey Lewis , the sixth-round pick , will take Jackson 's spot .	Rookie Trey Lewis , a sixth-round pick , will take Jackson 's spot .	the_a	1289
The post-mortem examination will be carried out on Tuesday .	A post-mortem examination will be carried out on Tuesday .	the_a	1290
11 attacks , the history the candidate has worked to highlight for months .	11 attacks , a history the candidate has worked to highlight for months .	the_a	1291
The 38-year-old man was charged .	A 38-year-old man was charged .	the_a	1292
The pathologist says that the exhumed body shows signs of murder .	A pathologist says that the exhumed body shows signs of murder .	the_a	1293
The spokesman for Google , which is based in Mountain View , California .	A spokesman for Google , which is based in Mountain View , California .	the_a	1294
The taxi stops outside the Bryant Park fashion shows in New York .	A taxi stops outside the Bryant Park fashion shows in New York .	the_a	1295
The Russian nationalist group claimed responsibility .	A Russian nationalist group claimed responsibility .	the_a	1296
The previous application last week was adjourned .	A previous application last week was adjourned .	the_a	1297
The official in his office said he was seeking treatment for mild exhaustion .	An official in his office said he was seeking treatment for mild exhaustion .	the_a	1298
Her mother , grandmother and the maternal great-aunt all developed Alzheimer 's disease .	Her mother , grandmother and a maternal great-aunt all developed Alzheimer 's disease .	the_a	1299
The projected 50,000 visitors were expected by the end of the year .	A projected 50,000 visitors were expected by the end of the year .	the_a	1300
Shortly afterward , Mr. Perry , the Republican , accepted the recommendation .	Shortly afterward , Mr. Perry , a Republican , accepted the recommendation .	the_a	1301
Even the turnover in administrations does not guarantee reform .	Even a turnover in administrations does not guarantee reform .	the_a	1302
The exact count will likely never be known .	An exact count will likely never be known .	the_a	1303
The will should be part of the whole package of financial planning .	A will should be part of the whole package of financial planning .	the_a	1304
The decision to keep Torre is trickier .	A decision to keep Torre is trickier .	the_a	1305
Twenty-one programmable keys and the four-way cursor provide a variety of input options .	Twenty-one programmable keys and a four-way cursor provide a variety of input options .	the_a	1306
The church and at least one house were destroyed .	A church and at least one house were destroyed .	the_a	1307
The total of seven England players had their boots personalised in Scotland .	A total of seven England players had their boots personalised in Scotland .	the_a	1308
The mother murdering her child seems almost beyond comprehension .	A mother murdering her child seems almost beyond comprehension .	the_a	1309
The unnamed Whitehall source describes " Parky " as a national institution .	An unnamed Whitehall source describes " Parky " as a national institution .	the_a	1310
The third mouse manufacturer , Kensington , does not offer free replacements .	A third mouse manufacturer , Kensington , does not offer free replacements .	the_a	1311
The VIP panel of judges selects the winners .	A VIP panel of judges selects the winners .	the_a	1312
Khieu Samphan 's arrest by the U.N.-backed genocide tribunal has been widely expected .	Khieu Samphan 's arrest by a U.N.-backed genocide tribunal has been widely expected .	the_a	1313
Democratic presidential candidates at the forum Sunday put on by Univision in Florida .	Democratic presidential candidates at a forum Sunday put on by Univision in Florida .	the_a	1314
The joint police and fire service investigation is under way .	A joint police and fire service investigation is under way .	the_a	1315
The high-speed chase described a rough rectangle around the neighborhood .	A high-speed chase described a rough rectangle around the neighborhood .	the_a	1316
Maybe next time , the non-coed facility is in order .	Maybe next time , a non-coed facility is in order .	the_a	1317
The counselor can help you think this through and frame the conversation .	A counselor can help you think this through and frame the conversation .	the_a	1318
The fourth firefighter died in hospital following Friday evening 's blaze .	A fourth firefighter died in hospital following Friday evening 's blaze .	the_a	1319
The request to speak with Bynum through her publicist was declined .	A request to speak with Bynum through her publicist was declined .	the_a	1320
Off the short pier , Carol thought , with no malice toward McPherson .	Off a short pier , Carol thought , with no malice toward McPherson .	the_a	1321
At night , the blanket of stars covers their 5,800-square-foot house .	At night , a blanket of stars covers their 5,800-square-foot house .	the_a	1322
His successful job , with the annual six-figure salary , offered no protection .	His successful job , with an annual six-figure salary , offered no protection .	the_a	1323
The F.C.C. spokesman , Clyde Ensslin , declined to comment .	An F.C.C. spokesman , Clyde Ensslin , declined to comment .	the_a	1324
The hearing was set for October 12 .	A hearing was set for October 12 .	the_a	1325
The night curfew imposed on Wednesday has now been lifted .	A night curfew imposed on Wednesday has now been lifted .	the_a	1326
Not that the onlooker could tell .	Not that an onlooker could tell .	the_a	1327
The handful of shopkeepers , artists and city officials are betting it can .	A handful of shopkeepers , artists and city officials are betting it can .	the_a	1328
For the 12-ounce soft drink , that is about 72 milligrams of caffeine .	For a 12-ounce soft drink , that is about 72 milligrams of caffeine .	the_a	1329
Pro2SQL 3 stores the backup , which can be reloaded at any time .	Pro2SQL 3 stores a backup , which can be reloaded at any time .	the_a	1330
The total of seventeen patients were enrolled in the study .	A total of seventeen patients were enrolled in the study .	the_a	1331
In 2005 , the car bomb in Baghdad killed at least 30 people .	In 2005 , a car bomb in Baghdad killed at least 30 people .	the_a	1332
The suicide bomber attacked her welcome-home convoy , killing 140 people .	A suicide bomber attacked her welcome-home convoy , killing 140 people .	the_a	1333
The song is something that walks by itself .	A song is something that walks by itself .	the_a	1334
The man has been stabbed to death outside a social club in Birmingham .	A man has been stabbed to death outside a social club in Birmingham .	the_a	1335
After the mosque outside San Francisco is torched , a congregation wonders why .	After a mosque outside San Francisco is torched , a congregation wonders why .	the_a	1336
The museum was not a business , he said .	A museum was not a business , he said .	the_a	1337
The further 800 civilian jobs will be relocated outside London by 2010 .	A further 800 civilian jobs will be relocated outside London by 2010 .	the_a	1338
The documentary project I was working on unraveled .	A documentary project I was working on unraveled .	the_a	1339
Within the few years , he was back in the ocean .	Within a few years , he was back in the ocean .	the_a	1340
This long-distance relationship between the English Queen and a Turkish Sultana was short-lived .	This long-distance relationship between an English Queen and a Turkish Sultana was short-lived .	the_a	1341
More than the dozen other states have followed California 's lead .	More than a dozen other states have followed California 's lead .	the_a	1342
The majority vote is required for Kelly to be elected .	A majority vote is required for Kelly to be elected .	the_a	1343
Shuster e-mailed Lane , in the exchange that leaked out .	Shuster e-mailed Lane , in an exchange that leaked out .	the_a	1344
The ambulance and a fire truck arrived minutes later .	An ambulance and a fire truck arrived minutes later .	the_a	1345
The armory is stacked to the ceiling with rifles .	An armory is stacked to the ceiling with rifles .	the_a	1346
The " American Gangster " is gunning for the Beatles .	An " American Gangster " is gunning for the Beatles .	the_a	1347
There , during the state banquet , both monarchs will make speeches .	There , during a state banquet , both monarchs will make speeches .	the_a	1348
The officers vault over the railing and walk Dziekanski behind the glass doors .	The officers vault over a railing and walk Dziekanski behind the glass doors .	the_a	1349
The online poll was carried out among more than 7,000 movie buffs .	An online poll was carried out among more than 7,000 movie buffs .	the_a	1350
The ruling on the current case is expected by the end of June .	A ruling on the current case is expected by the end of June .	the_a	1351
The estimated 70,000 people have been killed in the fighting .	An estimated 70,000 people have been killed in the fighting .	the_a	1352
The mosquito just might have helped out Chicago in the NL Central race .	A mosquito just might have helped out Chicago in the NL Central race .	the_a	1353
On Fridays and Saturdays , the two-night stay is required .	On Fridays and Saturdays , a two-night stay is required .	the_a	1354
The nomination does not necessarily mean much .	A nomination does not necessarily mean much .	the_a	1355
The post-mortem examination would be carried out Thursday to identify the body .	A post-mortem examination would be carried out Thursday to identify the body .	the_a	1356
The court hearing is scheduled for Monday .	A court hearing is scheduled for Monday .	the_a	1357
The host has not yet been named .	A host has not yet been named .	the_a	1358
The original mind , yes , but somebody who hated women .	An original mind , yes , but somebody who hated women .	the_a	1359
The three-goal Minnesota second period erased a 1-1 tie .	A three-goal Minnesota second period erased a 1-1 tie .	the_a	1360
For the start , millions of gadgets are joining the human hordes .	For a start , millions of gadgets are joining the human hordes .	the_a	1361
The Boeing 777 , with 300 seats , needs 2,500 metres .	A Boeing 777 , with 300 seats , needs 2,500 metres .	the_a	1362
The economic revolution on this scale inevitably had large social consequence .	An economic revolution on this scale inevitably had large social consequence .	the_a	1363
Stephanie Cutter , the spokeswoman for the Flowers firm , declined to comment .	Stephanie Cutter , a spokeswoman for the Flowers firm , declined to comment .	the_a	1364
The pair of chimpanzees have escaped from Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire .	A pair of chimpanzees have escaped from Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire .	the_a	1365
The pre-inquiry meeting will take place at Hove Town Hall on 11 December .	A pre-inquiry meeting will take place at Hove Town Hall on 11 December .	the_a	1366
The third student also was treated and released .	A third student also was treated and released .	the_a	1367
Preparations for the big game were going smoothly - maybe even better .	Preparations for a big game were going smoothly - maybe even better .	the_a	1368
The similar theme came from rival John Edwards .	A similar theme came from rival John Edwards .	the_a	1369
The additional 30 people were wounded in the attack .	An additional 30 people were wounded in the attack .	the_a	1370
The armistice is signed in September .	An armistice is signed in September .	the_a	1371
Not bad for the guy who practically had to beg for the job .	Not bad for a guy who practically had to beg for the job .	the_a	1372
David Jones , the Labor Department spokesman , said last week .	David Jones , a Labor Department spokesman , said last week .	the_a	1373
However the independent enquiry concluded at least one pony had been drugged .	However an independent enquiry concluded at least one pony had been drugged .	the_a	1374
The few U.S.-North Korean scholarly exchanges also take place .	A few U.S.-North Korean scholarly exchanges also take place .	the_a	1375
The decision is expected Friday .	A decision is expected Friday .	the_a	1376
Now the guy in a pickup truck is threatening the social order .	Now a guy in a pickup truck is threatening the social order .	the_a	1377
The appeals court vacated the ruling but transcripts were released .	An appeals court vacated the ruling but transcripts were released .	the_a	1378
The 70-year-old runner from Germany gets medical assistance during the Chicago Marathon .	A 70-year-old runner from Germany gets medical assistance during the Chicago Marathon .	the_a	1379
And in the way , it is working .	And in a way , it is working .	the_a	1380
Half the loaf was already his .	Half a loaf was already his .	the_a	1381
Then the tentacle slithers into view and slimes across the floor .	Then a tentacle slithers into view and slimes across the floor .	the_a	1382
If partner next bids three of the major , you 'll raise .	If partner next bids three of a major , you 'll raise .	the_a	1383
Later , at the news conference , the bishop apologized to victims .	Later , at a news conference , the bishop apologized to victims .	the_a	1384
For the long time , his act included a guitar .	For a long time , his act included a guitar .	the_a	1385
Audiotapes and the transcript of the interview were released today .	Audiotapes and a transcript of the interview were released today .	the_a	1386
And even the sudden-death experience in 1987 did not ruin Barbree 's record .	And even a sudden-death experience in 1987 did not ruin Barbree 's record .	the_a	1387
At $ 11,000 , the Clover costs the same again .	At $ 11,000 , a Clover costs the same again .	the_a	1388
His arms and the knee were broken .	His arms and a knee were broken .	the_a	1389
In the psychological sense , many soldiers are returning with these bombs .	In a psychological sense , many soldiers are returning with these bombs .	the_a	1390
With such the unique project that caters to Dubai ?	With such a unique project that caters to Dubai ?	the_a	1391
" " The lot of the delegates have not seen this stuff before .	" " A lot of the delegates have not seen this stuff before .	the_a	1392
Halliday , the merchant banker , remains passionate about the club .	Halliday , a merchant banker , remains passionate about the club .	the_a	1393
The year earlier , JetBlue lost $ 500,000 , breaking even per share .	A year earlier , JetBlue lost $ 500,000 , breaking even per share .	the_a	1394
The handful of countries , including Canada and Australia , have similar laws .	A handful of countries , including Canada and Australia , have similar laws .	the_a	1395
The group of lawmakers lead by Rep. Dana Rohrabacher , R-Calif .	A group of lawmakers lead by Rep. Dana Rohrabacher , R-Calif .	the_a	1396
The order over the public-address system warned everyone to stay indoors .	An order over the public-address system warned everyone to stay indoors .	the_a	1397
The morality trial was added to this employment case .	A morality trial was added to this employment case .	the_a	1398
The former director of Telford United Football Club has died .	A former director of Telford United Football Club has died .	the_a	1399
The Warner spokeswoman declined to comment .	A Warner spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	1400
The new breed of small dog is in development and expected in 2009 .	A new breed of small dog is in development and expected in 2009 .	the_a	1401
TEMPERATURE : The cool bedroom is better .	TEMPERATURE : A cool bedroom is better .	the_a	1402
In June , the blast killed lawmaker Walid Eido .	In June , a blast killed lawmaker Walid Eido .	the_a	1403
The NBC Universal spokesman said it agreed with Chernin .	An NBC Universal spokesman said it agreed with Chernin .	the_a	1404
The recount might have led to a Gore victory in Florida .	A recount might have led to a Gore victory in Florida .	the_a	1405
But the experimental treatment for minimally conscious patients has changed that .	But an experimental treatment for minimally conscious patients has changed that .	the_a	1406
What the Roomba looks like before it it dressed .	What a Roomba looks like before it it dressed .	the_a	1407
The degree of semi-autonomy from Ottoman Turkey prevails .	A degree of semi-autonomy from Ottoman Turkey prevails .	the_a	1408
The thick heavy-set fringe works with very few hair types .	A thick heavy-set fringe works with very few hair types .	the_a	1409
Hoosier Still , the ambivalent attitude to Europe may be no bad thing .	Hoosier Still , an ambivalent attitude to Europe may be no bad thing .	the_a	1410
The exception to that rule was the District of Columbia and New Mexico .	An exception to that rule was the District of Columbia and New Mexico .	the_a	1411
Four ambulances and the air ambulance are attending .	Four ambulances and an air ambulance are attending .	the_a	1412
While the teenager she married Saul Chernowitz , an engineer .	While a teenager she married Saul Chernowitz , an engineer .	the_a	1413
The major issue in Kalgoorlie is infrastructure .	A major issue in Kalgoorlie is infrastructure .	the_a	1414
The worthy signing for any club if / when he leaves Bayern .	A worthy signing for any club if / when he leaves Bayern .	the_a	1415
The post-mortem examination is due to be carried out .	A post-mortem examination is due to be carried out .	the_a	1416
In the empty lot nearby , explosives experts investigated the rocket 's remnants .	In an empty lot nearby , explosives experts investigated the rocket 's remnants .	the_a	1417
The FBI spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment Saturday .	An FBI spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment Saturday .	the_a	1418
The Titans victory and they move on themselves to the postseason .	A Titans victory and they move on themselves to the postseason .	the_a	1419
The lot , she says .	A lot , she says .	the_a	1420
The Israeli Army spokesman insisted that only two men had crossed into Israel .	An Israeli Army spokesman insisted that only two men had crossed into Israel .	the_a	1421
In Gaza , the more militant Hamas wing appears to be in control .	In Gaza , a more militant Hamas wing appears to be in control .	the_a	1422
The state of emergency is a state of emergency .	A state of emergency is a state of emergency .	the_a	1423
The state statute , the Taylor Law , prohibits strikes by public employees .	A state statute , the Taylor Law , prohibits strikes by public employees .	the_a	1424
The catcher could come via a trade or free agency .	A catcher could come via a trade or free agency .	the_a	1425
The rebound in the dollar Monday also pressured crude prices .	A rebound in the dollar Monday also pressured crude prices .	the_a	1426
The leading economic group calls it a plan ' conservatives can rally around .	A leading economic group calls it a plan ' conservatives can rally around .	the_a	1427
The hearing is scheduled Nov. 16 .	A hearing is scheduled Nov. 16 .	the_a	1428
How much of the setback is that ?	How much of a setback is that ?	the_a	1429
The senior agency official was more blunt .	A senior agency official was more blunt .	the_a	1430
The tropical storm watch remained in effect for the northwestern Bahamas .	A tropical storm watch remained in effect for the northwestern Bahamas .	the_a	1431
The series of quarrelsome coalition governments collapsed .	A series of quarrelsome coalition governments collapsed .	the_a	1432
Only the few food areas , including seafood , showed no change .	Only a few food areas , including seafood , showed no change .	the_a	1433
The set of car keys were also stolen .	A set of car keys were also stolen .	the_a	1434
The doctor then presented Sanchez with an excruciating choice .	A doctor then presented Sanchez with an excruciating choice .	the_a	1435
Pricing for the single-user commercial license is $ 2,500 .	Pricing for a single-user commercial license is $ 2,500 .	the_a	1436
The Interior Ministry official contacted by Reuters declined to give more details .	An Interior Ministry official contacted by Reuters declined to give more details .	the_a	1437
The three- judge panel already had turned them down in a 2-1 decision .	A three- judge panel already had turned them down in a 2-1 decision .	the_a	1438
The foul ball was hit near us and it smacked off a chair .	A foul ball was hit near us and it smacked off a chair .	the_a	1439
The leading contender to succeed Bush says the administration has gone too far .	A leading contender to succeed Bush says the administration has gone too far .	the_a	1440
, the nonprofit group that helps states raise academic standards .	, a nonprofit group that helps states raise academic standards .	the_a	1441
And finally , the bag to carry all these little travel kits .	And finally , a bag to carry all these little travel kits .	the_a	1442
The precedent has been set .	A precedent has been set .	the_a	1443
The worker at an amusement arcade has been attacked in an armed robbery .	A worker at an amusement arcade has been attacked in an armed robbery .	the_a	1444
The moment of silence was planned before the game .	A moment of silence was planned before the game .	the_a	1445
Man , what the drag on the team he was .	Man , what a drag on the team he was .	the_a	1446
The passion to excel .	A passion to excel .	the_a	1447
The pin sticks out from one of his toes .	A pin sticks out from one of his toes .	the_a	1448
Perhaps the starkest sign of the two-tier housing market is in Palm Beach .	Perhaps the starkest sign of a two-tier housing market is in Palm Beach .	the_a	1449
The quantity of aspirin tablets also went missing .	A quantity of aspirin tablets also went missing .	the_a	1450
The second apartment also appeared to have come close to a sale .	A second apartment also appeared to have come close to a sale .	the_a	1451
The government minister resigned last week for the same reason .	A government minister resigned last week for the same reason .	the_a	1452
If the game ends 2-0 , it is 2-0 , period .	If a game ends 2-0 , it is 2-0 , period .	the_a	1453
The detailed booklet with documentation and proof of the allegations was distributed .	A detailed booklet with documentation and proof of the allegations was distributed .	the_a	1454
The handful of hecklers also met him at the jail .	A handful of hecklers also met him at the jail .	the_a	1455
The similar U.S. Department of Justice case against Microsoft was settled in 2002 .	A similar U.S. Department of Justice case against Microsoft was settled in 2002 .	the_a	1456
After the week he grew stronger .	After a week he grew stronger .	the_a	1457
The unilateral approach would also be counterproductive .	A unilateral approach would also be counterproductive .	the_a	1458
The strike would not immediately affect film or prime-time TV production .	A strike would not immediately affect film or prime-time TV production .	the_a	1459
In the statement Olmert declared his innocence and insisted the price was fair .	In a statement Olmert declared his innocence and insisted the price was fair .	the_a	1460
The Japanese journalist was among the dead , Japan 's Foreign Ministry confirmed .	A Japanese journalist was among the dead , Japan 's Foreign Ministry confirmed .	the_a	1461
The There is still some uncertainty over this issue .	A There is still some uncertainty over this issue .	the_a	1462
Confidence Slides to the Six-Week Low Vanderfelt retired to Wilton , near Salisbury .	Confidence Slides to a Six-Week Low Vanderfelt retired to Wilton , near Salisbury .	the_a	1463
The amazing number gladly surrender .	An amazing number gladly surrender .	the_a	1464
The man has been shot dead on a street in north London .	A man has been shot dead on a street in north London .	the_a	1465
The body of the woman has been found on a Devon beach .	The body of a woman has been found on a Devon beach .	the_a	1466
The larger number of gamers are women than is generally assumed .	A larger number of gamers are women than is generally assumed .	the_a	1467
The collective for Thailand is planned for next year .	A collective for Thailand is planned for next year .	the_a	1468
The win is worth 25 points .	A win is worth 25 points .	the_a	1469
In the way , college basketball coaches are getting a similar message .	In a way , college basketball coaches are getting a similar message .	the_a	1470
The spokesman reminded people to use candles with caution .	A spokesman reminded people to use candles with caution .	the_a	1471
The man was slashed across the face in a street attack on Tyneside .	A man was slashed across the face in a street attack on Tyneside .	the_a	1472
The unit of Bouygues , Bouygues Telecom , is also planning IPTV service .	A unit of Bouygues , Bouygues Telecom , is also planning IPTV service .	the_a	1473
The recent article in The Conference Board Review looks to answer this question .	A recent article in The Conference Board Review looks to answer this question .	the_a	1474
, the conservative who cosponsored the bill with Rep. Rick Boucher , D-Va .	, a conservative who cosponsored the bill with Rep. Rick Boucher , D-Va .	the_a	1475
" " The lot of it is wanting to be a competitive horse .	" " A lot of it is wanting to be a competitive horse .	the_a	1476
Four US soldiers and the Iraqi interpreter were killed in the attack .	Four US soldiers and an Iraqi interpreter were killed in the attack .	the_a	1477
Clarkson 's mother , in the front-row seat , began to sob .	Clarkson 's mother , in a front-row seat , began to sob .	the_a	1478
The McLaren spokeswoman said the team would not be commenting on the matter .	A McLaren spokeswoman said the team would not be commenting on the matter .	the_a	1479
Insurance payments on the high-performance sports car may be more than you expected .	Insurance payments on a high-performance sports car may be more than you expected .	the_a	1480
All this in the room that had been largely unchanged since 1955 .	All this in a room that had been largely unchanged since 1955 .	the_a	1481
Bruce Schneier , the American security guru , agrees .	Bruce Schneier , an American security guru , agrees .	the_a	1482
Jack Quinn , the advisory board member , backed the effort .	Jack Quinn , an advisory board member , backed the effort .	the_a	1483
, the research and consulting firm that serves the food industry .	, a research and consulting firm that serves the food industry .	the_a	1484
Well , after the few phone calls , the deal was done .	Well , after a few phone calls , the deal was done .	the_a	1485
The CEO in any for-profit enterprise has policymaking and executive powers .	A CEO in any for-profit enterprise has policymaking and executive powers .	the_a	1486
The sixth was to be buried in the southern province of Helmand .	A sixth was to be buried in the southern province of Helmand .	the_a	1487
Lucy , the major , outranks us all .	Lucy , a major , outranks us all .	the_a	1488
Fourth in the monthly series TakeLegalAdvice.com matches consumers and businesses with lawyers .	Fourth in a monthly series TakeLegalAdvice.com matches consumers and businesses with lawyers .	the_a	1489
The Mexican court dismissed the charge in August .	A Mexican court dismissed the charge in August .	the_a	1490
Four U.S. soldiers and the Iraqi soldier were killed during the ambush .	Four U.S. soldiers and an Iraqi soldier were killed during the ambush .	the_a	1491
The university spokesman declined to comment on the deal .	A university spokesman declined to comment on the deal .	the_a	1492
The handful of American banks will implement them in 2009 .	A handful of American banks will implement them in 2009 .	the_a	1493
The huge orange caterpillar falls from a branch onto my shirt .	A huge orange caterpillar falls from a branch onto my shirt .	the_a	1494
The total of 118 people died .	A total of 118 people died .	the_a	1495
The call to Apple was not immediately returned .	A call to Apple was not immediately returned .	the_a	1496
The spokesman for Chertoff did not immediately return an after-hours call for comment .	A spokesman for Chertoff did not immediately return an after-hours call for comment .	the_a	1497
Costas Skandalidis , the socialist leader , said his party had lost .	Costas Skandalidis , a socialist leader , said his party had lost .	the_a	1498
The bit later we heard the rumbling again .	A bit later we heard the rumbling again .	the_a	1499
The loss would have given Cleveland its first playoff berth since 2002 .	A loss would have given Cleveland its first playoff berth since 2002 .	the_a	1500
The girl can dream .	A girl can dream .	the_a	1501
The hearing date for the Supreme Court appeal was not immediately set .	A hearing date for the Supreme Court appeal was not immediately set .	the_a	1502
The ninth member has fled the country , a police spokesman said .	A ninth member has fled the country , a police spokesman said .	the_a	1503
The after-hours call to LeBlanc 's attorney was not immediately returned Tuesday .	An after-hours call to LeBlanc 's attorney was not immediately returned Tuesday .	the_a	1504
The son , Victor Ofiesh , died in 2005 .	A son , Victor Ofiesh , died in 2005 .	the_a	1505
The level the driver is considered drunk is .08 percent .	The level a driver is considered drunk is .08 percent .	the_a	1506
The recording of the live-call will be available through October 30 , 2007 .	A recording of the live-call will be available through October 30 , 2007 .	the_a	1507
After the sluggish start , he had a strong , injury-free season .	After a sluggish start , he had a strong , injury-free season .	the_a	1508
The G.F.C.I. circuit breaker will protect an entire circuit .	A G.F.C.I. circuit breaker will protect an entire circuit .	the_a	1509
Jane Heller , the novelist , is writing her first nonfiction book .	Jane Heller , a novelist , is writing her first nonfiction book .	the_a	1510
The United Express jet headed to Lexington , Ky .	A United Express jet headed to Lexington , Ky .	the_a	1511
The volcano has erupted in central Indonesia .	A volcano has erupted in central Indonesia .	the_a	1512
The more prudent approach to funding also now holds sway .	A more prudent approach to funding also now holds sway .	the_a	1513
In the world full of extensions , this cropped cut feels utterly fresh .	In a world full of extensions , this cropped cut feels utterly fresh .	the_a	1514
The draft budget will be published in December .	A draft budget will be published in December .	the_a	1515
Beyond that and up the flight of stairs , things get stranger still .	Beyond that and up a flight of stairs , things get stranger still .	the_a	1516
Still , the desultory society has taken shape .	Still , a desultory society has taken shape .	the_a	1517
The shouting Meyer asked Kerry , D-Mass .	A shouting Meyer asked Kerry , D-Mass .	the_a	1518
The career change is more difficult than a move within your current field .	A career change is more difficult than a move within your current field .	the_a	1519
The big obstacle is cost .	A big obstacle is cost .	the_a	1520
The spokesman for the union declined to comment .	A spokesman for the union declined to comment .	the_a	1521
The team has to win four before it is over .	A team has to win four before it is over .	the_a	1522
The teacher 's assistant at the Chappaqua school died two days later .	The teacher 's assistant at a Chappaqua school died two days later .	the_a	1523
The autopsy determined that Stein died from blows to the head and neck .	An autopsy determined that Stein died from blows to the head and neck .	the_a	1524
The spokesman from Morgan Stanley declined to comment on the report .	A spokesman from Morgan Stanley declined to comment on the report .	the_a	1525
The 33-year-old driver has since been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving .	A 33-year-old driver has since been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving .	the_a	1526
The buoy thudded musically between the crash of the waves .	A buoy thudded musically between the crash of the waves .	the_a	1527
The Kurdish rebel spokesman disputed any fighters were surrounded .	A Kurdish rebel spokesman disputed any fighters were surrounded .	the_a	1528
The similar attack Saturday killed 30 people and injured the same number .	A similar attack Saturday killed 30 people and injured the same number .	the_a	1529
The lot more show up in the road than disappear from the side .	A lot more show up in the road than disappear from the side .	the_a	1530
The number of attention-getting British bands have fallen victim to visa woes .	A number of attention-getting British bands have fallen victim to visa woes .	the_a	1531
The few weeks later the same guy detained me again .	A few weeks later the same guy detained me again .	the_a	1532
What the mistake that would have been .	What a mistake that would have been .	the_a	1533
The BBC spokesman declined to comment .	A BBC spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	1534
The detective was attached to the royal staff .	A detective was attached to the royal staff .	the_a	1535
The spokesman for Bloomberg declined to comment on the cases Friday .	A spokesman for Bloomberg declined to comment on the cases Friday .	the_a	1536
But the appeals court overturned that ruling on Friday .	But an appeals court overturned that ruling on Friday .	the_a	1537
General Assembly adoption of the pact would not be expected before 2010 .	General Assembly adoption of a pact would not be expected before 2010 .	the_a	1538
The whole new class of wealthy merchants has emerged .	A whole new class of wealthy merchants has emerged .	the_a	1539
After such the nerve-racking night , Arbour said he did not miss coaching .	After such a nerve-racking night , Arbour said he did not miss coaching .	the_a	1540
Thompson , the administration loyalist , gradually realized Nixon might be lying .	Thompson , an administration loyalist , gradually realized Nixon might be lying .	the_a	1541
The helpline has been set up by Rochdale Borough Council .	A helpline has been set up by Rochdale Borough Council .	the_a	1542
The phone and e-mail message seeking comment was left with Kelly 's lawyer .	A phone and e-mail message seeking comment was left with Kelly 's lawyer .	the_a	1543
The more affordable version is made by Moi .	A more affordable version is made by Moi .	the_a	1544
The MRAP costs five times more than even the most up-armored Humvee .	An MRAP costs five times more than even the most up-armored Humvee .	the_a	1545
The toilet fetched £ 3,500 .	A toilet fetched £ 3,500 .	the_a	1546
For the second night in the row , breaks went against Chicago .	For the second night in a row , breaks went against Chicago .	the_a	1547
With any computer , PC or Mac , the few numbers do matter .	With any computer , PC or Mac , a few numbers do matter .	the_a	1548
The .38-caliber gun was recovered at the scene .	A .38-caliber gun was recovered at the scene .	the_a	1549
Concerns of the economic recession have grown .	Concerns of an economic recession have grown .	the_a	1550
About the week later , Melk received a call .	About a week later , Melk received a call .	the_a	1551
The video review confirmed the goal .	A video review confirmed the goal .	the_a	1552
The quick follow up on the post below .	A quick follow up on the post below .	the_a	1553
Even the former president of the United States becomes old hat .	Even a former president of the United States becomes old hat .	the_a	1554
The Livingston associate gave $ 500 to his campaign in March .	A Livingston associate gave $ 500 to his campaign in March .	the_a	1555
The false start penalty then pushed the Jaguars back to the 29 .	A false start penalty then pushed the Jaguars back to the 29 .	the_a	1556
The comprehensive program is expected to be completed during 2008 .	A comprehensive program is expected to be completed during 2008 .	the_a	1557
The contempt report had not been delivered to the House clerk Monday morning .	A contempt report had not been delivered to the House clerk Monday morning .	the_a	1558
The year after graduating high school , she enrolled in community college .	A year after graduating high school , she enrolled in community college .	the_a	1559
The total of 15 vessels have actually been hijacked this year so far .	A total of 15 vessels have actually been hijacked this year so far .	the_a	1560
The few thousand supporters applauded and waved flags under a cold drizzle .	A few thousand supporters applauded and waved flags under a cold drizzle .	the_a	1561
The Rialto , the one-piece round-front toilet by Kohler , is even smaller .	The Rialto , a one-piece round-front toilet by Kohler , is even smaller .	the_a	1562
Johanns , the former Republican Nebraska governor , submitted his resignation Wednesday .	Johanns , a former Republican Nebraska governor , submitted his resignation Wednesday .	the_a	1563
The new glacial period would be due in 5-10,000 years .	A new glacial period would be due in 5-10,000 years .	the_a	1564
The doctor held up the silver-colored , inch-long bullet .	A doctor held up the silver-colored , inch-long bullet .	the_a	1565
About the decade earlier , it began to catch on among girls .	About a decade earlier , it began to catch on among girls .	the_a	1566
The incident can involve attacks on both people and property .	An incident can involve attacks on both people and property .	the_a	1567
LLOYD : And finally , the story in Oklahoma sparked our interest .	LLOYD : And finally , a story in Oklahoma sparked our interest .	the_a	1568
The Mail reports on the mystery that has gripped villages across Yorkshire .	The Mail reports on a mystery that has gripped villages across Yorkshire .	the_a	1569
The selection will be published below .	A selection will be published below .	the_a	1570
The victory would show that they might be .	A victory would show that they might be .	the_a	1571
For the quick second I thought I was in a war zone .	For a quick second I thought I was in a war zone .	the_a	1572
" Even the 3-year-old knows to call 911 , " he said .	" Even a 3-year-old knows to call 911 , " he said .	the_a	1573
The sense of knowing what to do in an emergency ?	A sense of knowing what to do in an emergency ?	the_a	1574
The spokesman for the Fire Brigades Union endorsed Sir Desmond 's concerns .	A spokesman for the Fire Brigades Union endorsed Sir Desmond 's concerns .	the_a	1575
Meanwhile , the Commerce Department report on personal spending brought investors mixed news .	Meanwhile , a Commerce Department report on personal spending brought investors mixed news .	the_a	1576
The Ferrrari team spokesman also denied he would be making a comeback .	A Ferrrari team spokesman also denied he would be making a comeback .	the_a	1577
Whether the cheater loves you is not really an important question .	Whether a cheater loves you is not really an important question .	the_a	1578
The manager at a downtown hotel said his rooms were still fully booked .	A manager at a downtown hotel said his rooms were still fully booked .	the_a	1579
The fire truck was parked nearby .	A fire truck was parked nearby .	the_a	1580
In the way , there was some truth in that comment .	In a way , there was some truth in that comment .	the_a	1581
The line had formed at the bakery counter .	A line had formed at the bakery counter .	the_a	1582
Occasionally the false note is struck .	Occasionally a false note is struck .	the_a	1583
Two car bomb facilities and the number of weapons caches also were found .	Two car bomb facilities and a number of weapons caches also were found .	the_a	1584
For the few days the machines stopped ... only to start again .	For a few days the machines stopped ... only to start again .	the_a	1585
The scrub followed by tea at Hammam Bakri in Bab Tuma is relaxing .	A scrub followed by tea at Hammam Bakri in Bab Tuma is relaxing .	the_a	1586
The G meter sits front and center on the gray dashboard .	A G meter sits front and center on the gray dashboard .	the_a	1587
The teenager and the 17-year-old friend were stabbed in the confrontation .	The teenager and a 17-year-old friend were stabbed in the confrontation .	the_a	1588
For the team with mediocre talent , that was a good start .	For a team with mediocre talent , that was a good start .	the_a	1589
The full transcript of the meeting in New York was not immediately available .	A full transcript of the meeting in New York was not immediately available .	the_a	1590
Party leader Sali Berisha , the former cardiologist , becomes first elected president .	Party leader Sali Berisha , a former cardiologist , becomes first elected president .	the_a	1591
The postcard view from a second home does not come cheaply , though .	A postcard view from a second home does not come cheaply , though .	the_a	1592
And until now the high- ranking government official hailing from overseas was unthinkable .	And until now a high- ranking government official hailing from overseas was unthinkable .	the_a	1593
The taco restaurant opened next to a Vietnamese restaurant .	A taco restaurant opened next to a Vietnamese restaurant .	the_a	1594
The number of cases of killings are unresolved .	A number of cases of killings are unresolved .	the_a	1595
The neighbor said the Draganchuk family was well respected .	A neighbor said the Draganchuk family was well respected .	the_a	1596
The pleasing steering , always the strong point of the Focus , remains .	The pleasing steering , always a strong point of the Focus , remains .	the_a	1597
Q. So the lack of productivity does not mean that you are lazy ?	Q. So a lack of productivity does not mean that you are lazy ?	the_a	1598
The telephone message left at Kahn 's chambers was not returned Wednesday .	A telephone message left at Kahn 's chambers was not returned Wednesday .	the_a	1599
Only the fool would have stayed in the market after the dot-com collapse .	Only a fool would have stayed in the market after the dot-com collapse .	the_a	1600
The forensic examination of the scene was conducted yesterday .	A forensic examination of the scene was conducted yesterday .	the_a	1601
The single marine management organisation should be established .	A single marine management organisation should be established .	the_a	1602
The 19-month-old toddler also was being treated .	A 19-month-old toddler also was being treated .	the_a	1603
The new two-year customer agreement is required .	A new two-year customer agreement is required .	the_a	1604
The grand jury in Virginia indicted Vick on state dogfighting charges Tuesday .	A grand jury in Virginia indicted Vick on state dogfighting charges Tuesday .	the_a	1605
The aggressive marketing campaign might explain why .	An aggressive marketing campaign might explain why .	the_a	1606
But the three-shot advantage is daunting , especially the way Woods is playing .	But a three-shot advantage is daunting , especially the way Woods is playing .	the_a	1607
The official in Dhaka had no information yet about casualties from the area .	An official in Dhaka had no information yet about casualties from the area .	the_a	1608
The date has not been announced .	A date has not been announced .	the_a	1609
For the moment Wednesday afternoon , searchers thought they had found Mr. Fossett .	For a moment Wednesday afternoon , searchers thought they had found Mr. Fossett .	the_a	1610
The Vietnam-era relic would hardly solve the IED threat permanently .	A Vietnam-era relic would hardly solve the IED threat permanently .	the_a	1611
The spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein declined to release further details .	A spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein declined to release further details .	the_a	1612
But the jury had found differently .	But a jury had found differently .	the_a	1613
Apparently , the French oil company has joined in .	Apparently , a French oil company has joined in .	the_a	1614
But that original , the modern classic , remains an amazing vehicle .	But that original , a modern classic , remains an amazing vehicle .	the_a	1615
The baby turned over to a hospital will receive necessary medical care .	A baby turned over to a hospital will receive necessary medical care .	the_a	1616
CHICAGO - The lousy marriage might literally make you sick .	CHICAGO - A lousy marriage might literally make you sick .	the_a	1617
The note was distributed to employees last night , Burns said .	A note was distributed to employees last night , Burns said .	the_a	1618
Mr Thompson , the late entry , has seen his campaign falter .	Mr Thompson , a late entry , has seen his campaign falter .	the_a	1619
The call to the American Legion office in Boston was not immediately returned .	A call to the American Legion office in Boston was not immediately returned .	the_a	1620
1536 - Portuguese explorer Pedro the Campos visits the island .	1536 - Portuguese explorer Pedro a Campos visits the island .	the_a	1621
The map of tea-serving places off the beaten track was translated into Japanese .	A map of tea-serving places off the beaten track was translated into Japanese .	the_a	1622
The bomb detonated , and Mele was killed .	A bomb detonated , and Mele was killed .	the_a	1623
Westerns , once the Hollywood staple , are a tough sell these days .	Westerns , once a Hollywood staple , are a tough sell these days .	the_a	1624
What the steak it was .	What a steak it was .	the_a	1625
The opaque blue sticker covered the door and obscured the interior .	An opaque blue sticker covered the door and obscured the interior .	the_a	1626
The revolution in golf equipment has been started by Golf Research In Play .	A revolution in golf equipment has been started by Golf Research In Play .	the_a	1627
Life Sciences The company spokeswoman did not immediately return a call for comment .	Life Sciences A company spokeswoman did not immediately return a call for comment .	the_a	1628
The number of people have already been interviewed and others will follow .	A number of people have already been interviewed and others will follow .	the_a	1629
The fourth suspect is given life imprisonment .	A fourth suspect is given life imprisonment .	the_a	1630
The winning track record brings a host of rewards for smaller schools .	A winning track record brings a host of rewards for smaller schools .	the_a	1631
The Merck spokesman told CNN that there is no final agreement .	A Merck spokesman told CNN that there is no final agreement .	the_a	1632
Five holes for the total of 4,948 metres were drilled in 2007 .	Five holes for a total of 4,948 metres were drilled in 2007 .	the_a	1633
The & P will assume about $ 170 million of Pathmark capital leases .	A & P will assume about $ 170 million of Pathmark capital leases .	the_a	1634
The 79-unit , 21-story condominium tower is also under construction .	A 79-unit , 21-story condominium tower is also under construction .	the_a	1635
The judge sentenced him to death in October 1994 .	A judge sentenced him to death in October 1994 .	the_a	1636
Or the stain when they talk about 12 million aliens .	Or a stain when they talk about 12 million aliens .	the_a	1637
The decision is expected later .	A decision is expected later .	the_a	1638
The second attack , in June 2007 , saw its ancient minarets destroyed .	A second attack , in June 2007 , saw its ancient minarets destroyed .	the_a	1639
The convicted paedophile was jailed for life yesterday for killing his girlfriend .	A convicted paedophile was jailed for life yesterday for killing his girlfriend .	the_a	1640
The hearing is set for tomorrow in Hennepin County District Court .	A hearing is set for tomorrow in Hennepin County District Court .	the_a	1641
John Smith , from the health care perspective , is a typical American .	John Smith , from a health care perspective , is a typical American .	the_a	1642
The bookshop manned by trainee preachers sells Bibles and Christian-themed novels .	A bookshop manned by trainee preachers sells Bibles and Christian-themed novels .	the_a	1643
- The buoyant disposition earned Jeremy Maclin the nickname Smiley as a child .	- A buoyant disposition earned Jeremy Maclin the nickname Smiley as a child .	the_a	1644
Within the couple of days , Honey started naturally lactating .	Within a couple of days , Honey started naturally lactating .	the_a	1645
In the statement , Combs ' attorney denied any wrongdoing by his client .	In a statement , Combs ' attorney denied any wrongdoing by his client .	the_a	1646
In the country where corruption infects almost everything , is reform feasible ?	In a country where corruption infects almost everything , is reform feasible ?	the_a	1647
The full investigation is under way , said Suffolk Fire Service .	A full investigation is under way , said Suffolk Fire Service .	the_a	1648
The Dayangou mine official denied any collapse occurred .	A Dayangou mine official denied any collapse occurred .	the_a	1649
Hamill 's assessment of his success in the legal fight is largely accurate .	Hamill 's assessment of his success in a legal fight is largely accurate .	the_a	1650
The couple weeks later I come back .	A couple weeks later I come back .	the_a	1651
Under commission rules , the tie vote means the matter is not approved .	Under commission rules , a tie vote means the matter is not approved .	the_a	1652
The hearing on the matter is set for Monday .	A hearing on the matter is set for Monday .	the_a	1653
The victory led by Butler and Jamison was even better .	A victory led by Butler and Jamison was even better .	the_a	1654
The call to a union spokesman was not immediately returned .	A call to a union spokesman was not immediately returned .	the_a	1655
Adolf , now in the Berlin animal shelter , has been renamed Adi .	Adolf , now in a Berlin animal shelter , has been renamed Adi .	the_a	1656
The single day 's adult admission to either park is now $ 66 .	A single day 's adult admission to either park is now $ 66 .	the_a	1657
The major obstacle , however , is cost .	A major obstacle , however , is cost .	the_a	1658
The detailed geophysical survey on Condor is also planned in advance of drilling .	A detailed geophysical survey on Condor is also planned in advance of drilling .	the_a	1659
Almost the third of over-55s were said to be worried .	Almost a third of over-55s were said to be worried .	the_a	1660
The autopsy may offer some clues , and investigations are under way .	An autopsy may offer some clues , and investigations are under way .	the_a	1661
In the recent interview , the couple denied wrongdoing .	In a recent interview , the couple denied wrongdoing .	the_a	1662
The private interment ceremony will take place on Friday .	A private interment ceremony will take place on Friday .	the_a	1663
The fifth occupant was critically injured .	A fifth occupant was critically injured .	the_a	1664
However , the independent link between sleep and blood pressure still remained .	However , an independent link between sleep and blood pressure still remained .	the_a	1665
The further programme was implemented on Wester Ross between 1993 and 1998 .	A further programme was implemented on Wester Ross between 1993 and 1998 .	the_a	1666
The Paul spokesman made clear Mr Paul did not support blowing up buildings .	A Paul spokesman made clear Mr Paul did not support blowing up buildings .	the_a	1667
through the increase in the tobacco tax will hurt working Americans .	through an increase in the tobacco tax will hurt working Americans .	the_a	1668
The backlash by the Serb-dominated north could spark violence against Serbs elsewhere .	A backlash by the Serb-dominated north could spark violence against Serbs elsewhere .	the_a	1669
The zebra was trotting down her driveway .	A zebra was trotting down her driveway .	the_a	1670
The free agent , Mr. Bonds has said he wants to keep playing .	A free agent , Mr. Bonds has said he wants to keep playing .	the_a	1671
¿ What kind of the septic system is it ?	¿ What kind of a septic system is it ?	the_a	1672
The unusual aspect of this repatriation is that Native Americans are participating .	An unusual aspect of this repatriation is that Native Americans are participating .	the_a	1673
The good week got even better yesterday for the writer Stuart Dybek .	A good week got even better yesterday for the writer Stuart Dybek .	the_a	1674
The number of other Cuban dissidents were also reported detained Thursday .	A number of other Cuban dissidents were also reported detained Thursday .	the_a	1675
6 -- For the year , the American men quietly took the criticism .	6 -- For a year , the American men quietly took the criticism .	the_a	1676
In the terse reply , the department refused .	In a terse reply , the department refused .	the_a	1677
The Barclays spokesman dismissed the speculation .	A Barclays spokesman dismissed the speculation .	the_a	1678
The call for the public hearing is not unprecedented .	The call for a public hearing is not unprecedented .	the_a	1679
The common route is to ask friends , family and co-workers for referrals .	A common route is to ask friends , family and co-workers for referrals .	the_a	1680
For the long time Bill refused to admit that he had a problem .	For a long time Bill refused to admit that he had a problem .	the_a	1681
The Syrian Embassy spokesman said he could not immediately provide a statement .	A Syrian Embassy spokesman said he could not immediately provide a statement .	the_a	1682
The murder inquiry has been launched but no arrests have yet been made .	A murder inquiry has been launched but no arrests have yet been made .	the_a	1683
Against such the weakened field , the Democrats naturally fancy their chances .	Against such a weakened field , the Democrats naturally fancy their chances .	the_a	1684
" The incredible bargain , " says Joanne .	" An incredible bargain , " says Joanne .	the_a	1685
The car and bike motif completes the design at each station .	A car and bike motif completes the design at each station .	the_a	1686
The spokesman for the Taleban denied it was responsible .	A spokesman for the Taleban denied it was responsible .	the_a	1687
The replacement athletics track is under construction across the road .	A replacement athletics track is under construction across the road .	the_a	1688
id = 1789712007 Such the takeover would require approval from the Legislature .	id = 1789712007 Such a takeover would require approval from the Legislature .	the_a	1689
The sixth defendant was charged in the case as a juvenile .	A sixth defendant was charged in the case as a juvenile .	the_a	1690
By the number of innovative steps - that is for our proposal .	By a number of innovative steps - that is for our proposal .	the_a	1691
" Yes , the form of it , " Bils said .	" Yes , a form of it , " Bils said .	the_a	1692
The dozen or so more will be selected next month .	A dozen or so more will be selected next month .	the_a	1693
Why the art gallery , you may ask ?	Why an art gallery , you may ask ?	the_a	1694
Combine vegetables in the bowl , sprinkle with salt , and toss well .	Combine vegetables in a bowl , sprinkle with salt , and toss well .	the_a	1695
The homer , the two-run blast , was part of a four-run fourth .	The homer , a two-run blast , was part of a four-run fourth .	the_a	1696
The weekend at the beach can restore your equilibrium .	A weekend at the beach can restore your equilibrium .	the_a	1697
The sea of hands would rise .	A sea of hands would rise .	the_a	1698
The spokeswoman for Blackwater did not return calls seeking comment Friday .	A spokeswoman for Blackwater did not return calls seeking comment Friday .	the_a	1699
, the company that investigates pension fraud and money management abuses .	, a company that investigates pension fraud and money management abuses .	the_a	1700
The report should be completed next month .	A report should be completed next month .	the_a	1701
The weak dollar also increases the risk of inflation at home .	A weak dollar also increases the risk of inflation at home .	the_a	1702
Mr. Bose , the personable man , shrugged off the criticism .	Mr. Bose , a personable man , shrugged off the criticism .	the_a	1703
The fisherman found the girl late Monday night .	A fisherman found the girl late Monday night .	the_a	1704
The strong link is seen between effective governance and corporate reputation .	A strong link is seen between effective governance and corporate reputation .	the_a	1705
, the software-only network security company that was recently acquired by VMware .	, a software-only network security company that was recently acquired by VMware .	the_a	1706
The Ministry of Justice spokesman said the government welcomed the report .	A Ministry of Justice spokesman said the government welcomed the report .	the_a	1707
Oh , the woman is for my disposal .	Oh , a woman is for my disposal .	the_a	1708
The benefits book from an employer will also be helpful .	A benefits book from an employer will also be helpful .	the_a	1709
Tony Collins , the passing motorist from Cumbernauld , described the extraordinary sight .	Tony Collins , a passing motorist from Cumbernauld , described the extraordinary sight .	the_a	1710
The after-hours call to Nelson 's talent agency was not immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Nelson 's talent agency was not immediately returned .	the_a	1711
The list of candidates has just been approved .	A list of candidates has just been approved .	the_a	1712
Between 19 and 22 months of age , the study indicates .	Between 19 and 22 months of age , a study indicates .	the_a	1713
The theatrical stage play with complex issues boiled down to a script ?	A theatrical stage play with complex issues boiled down to a script ?	the_a	1714
What if the spouse wants some time alone and turns off the service ?	What if a spouse wants some time alone and turns off the service ?	the_a	1715
Mourning , the seven-time All-Star , helped Miami to the 2006 NBA title .	Mourning , a seven-time All-Star , helped Miami to the 2006 NBA title .	the_a	1716
The few days later , he said he would given it to Papelbon .	A few days later , he said he would given it to Papelbon .	the_a	1717
The pullback in oil and gold prices helped support stocks .	A pullback in oil and gold prices helped support stocks .	the_a	1718
The week earlier , the foreman had reported a 7-5 split .	A week earlier , the foreman had reported a 7-5 split .	the_a	1719
( the ) a debate blooper You go first .	( a ) a debate blooper You go first .	the_a	1720
18 on the busy street after attempting to arrest Erik Jovani Martinez .	18 on a busy street after attempting to arrest Erik Jovani Martinez .	the_a	1721
When the team has this paucity of strike-power every point matters .	When a team has this paucity of strike-power every point matters .	the_a	1722
The Lexington Middle School official referred questions to Chessmore .	A Lexington Middle School official referred questions to Chessmore .	the_a	1723
Richard , the convicted murderer , was executed about three hours later .	Richard , a convicted murderer , was executed about three hours later .	the_a	1724
The son of the successful businessman , Odinga ran as a populist .	The son of a successful businessman , Odinga ran as a populist .	the_a	1725
Neither the perpetrator nor a motive has been identified for the bombing .	Neither a perpetrator nor a motive has been identified for the bombing .	the_a	1726
The further test comes later this year .	A further test comes later this year .	the_a	1727
The mineralized zone with this graphite content would produce an airborne EM signature .	A mineralized zone with this graphite content would produce an airborne EM signature .	the_a	1728
The no-hitter will have to wait .	A no-hitter will have to wait .	the_a	1729
Unsurprisingly for the harbor city , area restaurants emphasize fresh seafood .	Unsurprisingly for a harbor city , area restaurants emphasize fresh seafood .	the_a	1730
The vehicle 's owner , the shop owner , was furious .	The vehicle 's owner , a shop owner , was furious .	the_a	1731
The total of 150 rounds were fired , he added .	A total of 150 rounds were fired , he added .	the_a	1732
The maximum fine for the first offense is $ 100 .	The maximum fine for a first offense is $ 100 .	the_a	1733
The former squad mate was to testify against Wuterich .	A former squad mate was to testify against Wuterich .	the_a	1734
How many days the week do you take a 30-minute walk ?	How many days a week do you take a 30-minute walk ?	the_a	1735
SOURCE Pacific Place The sort of peace prevailed .	SOURCE Pacific Place A sort of peace prevailed .	the_a	1736
The look at 1971 Sears catalog offers a glimpse of some plummeting prices .	A look at 1971 Sears catalog offers a glimpse of some plummeting prices .	the_a	1737
The makeshift bomb exploded near their Stryker vehicle in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near their Stryker vehicle in Baghdad .	the_a	1738
In the package delivered to her , Kelly finds a homemade video tape .	In a package delivered to her , Kelly finds a homemade video tape .	the_a	1739
The small reminder that in a partnership , everybody has responsibilities .	A small reminder that in a partnership , everybody has responsibilities .	the_a	1740
David Henderson , the bone specialist , examined the remains .	David Henderson , a bone specialist , examined the remains .	the_a	1741
Three men and the woman were arrested .	Three men and a woman were arrested .	the_a	1742
The judge is set to hear the matter tomorrow .	A judge is set to hear the matter tomorrow .	the_a	1743
The 28-year-old man has been reported to the procurator fiscal for culpable homicide .	A 28-year-old man has been reported to the procurator fiscal for culpable homicide .	the_a	1744
The veil was being lowered between Myanmar and the rest of the world .	A veil was being lowered between Myanmar and the rest of the world .	the_a	1745
Arshad Majid , the senior district official , welcomed the cease-fire .	Arshad Majid , a senior district official , welcomed the cease-fire .	the_a	1746
The growing number of Palestinians appear to be rallying behind Abbas .	A growing number of Palestinians appear to be rallying behind Abbas .	the_a	1747
The Warwickshire Police spokeswoman said gritters in the county were on standby .	A Warwickshire Police spokeswoman said gritters in the county were on standby .	the_a	1748
The line has been crossed .	A line has been crossed .	the_a	1749
The medical examiner will determine the cause of death .	A medical examiner will determine the cause of death .	the_a	1750
The plate of pasta probably costs less than an apple .	A plate of pasta probably costs less than an apple .	the_a	1751
The lot of iPhone users think of it like a computer .	A lot of iPhone users think of it like a computer .	the_a	1752
The more moderate but still strong rise was seen in the pharmaceuticals sector .	A more moderate but still strong rise was seen in the pharmaceuticals sector .	the_a	1753
The resident team of actors had nowhere to work .	A resident team of actors had nowhere to work .	the_a	1754
The sharp increase in piracy is also telling .	A sharp increase in piracy is also telling .	the_a	1755
The short commercial usually accompanies episodes .	A short commercial usually accompanies episodes .	the_a	1756
The spokeswoman for OFHEO declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for OFHEO declined to comment .	the_a	1757
The nationwide appeal was started for help in finding Ms Payne .	A nationwide appeal was started for help in finding Ms Payne .	the_a	1758
" The Afternoon " is even more unlikely .	" An Afternoon " is even more unlikely .	the_a	1759
The call for a general strike received a lukewarm response .	A call for a general strike received a lukewarm response .	the_a	1760
16 in the Baghdad square that killed at least 17 Iraqis .	16 in a Baghdad square that killed at least 17 Iraqis .	the_a	1761
The spokeswoman also said Riechers had been quoted out of context .	A spokeswoman also said Riechers had been quoted out of context .	the_a	1762
The full inquest is expected to be held next year .	A full inquest is expected to be held next year .	the_a	1763
The large question in neuroscience is one a kindergartner would ask : How ?	A large question in neuroscience is one a kindergartner would ask : How ?	the_a	1764
where the embroidered flower with buzzing bee should be .	where an embroidered flower with buzzing bee should be .	the_a	1765
The phone listing for Lamar could not be located .	A phone listing for Lamar could not be located .	the_a	1766
The reconciliation of these balances appears on page 19 .	A reconciliation of these balances appears on page 19 .	the_a	1767
The donor organ will not arrive in the nick of time .	A donor organ will not arrive in the nick of time .	the_a	1768
Whereas the woman is continually thwarted .	Whereas a woman is continually thwarted .	the_a	1769
There the condo was waiting , a few blocks from the beach .	There a condo was waiting , a few blocks from the beach .	the_a	1770
When the child is truly upset , all reason goes out the window .	When a child is truly upset , all reason goes out the window .	the_a	1771
After all , the major film had never been made in Botswana .	After all , a major film had never been made in Botswana .	the_a	1772
The ambulance arrived but Mr Ward had already died .	An ambulance arrived but Mr Ward had already died .	the_a	1773
The major coup was getting Springsteen to perform .	A major coup was getting Springsteen to perform .	the_a	1774
The ex-KPMG partner , David Rivkin , entered a guilty plea last year .	An ex-KPMG partner , David Rivkin , entered a guilty plea last year .	the_a	1775
Jessica , the computer student , had a similarly painful experience .	Jessica , a computer student , had a similarly painful experience .	the_a	1776
The member of the Revolution Brigades also was wounded , the officer said .	A member of the Revolution Brigades also was wounded , the officer said .	the_a	1777
In the high-speed sport , tempers and emotions invariably fly .	In a high-speed sport , tempers and emotions invariably fly .	the_a	1778
The autopsy was scheduled to determine the cause of death .	An autopsy was scheduled to determine the cause of death .	the_a	1779
The bail reduction hearing has been scheduled for Wednesday .	A bail reduction hearing has been scheduled for Wednesday .	the_a	1780
For the time , the Troianos tried using the probation as leverage .	For a time , the Troianos tried using the probation as leverage .	the_a	1781
The hospital spokeswoman said the girl was in critical condition .	A hospital spokeswoman said the girl was in critical condition .	the_a	1782
The 23-year-old man has been found guilty of raping a woman in Norwich .	A 23-year-old man has been found guilty of raping a woman in Norwich .	the_a	1783
The autopsy is scheduled for the man and woman this morning .	An autopsy is scheduled for the man and woman this morning .	the_a	1784
The maximum daily allowance of £ 69 for office costs is imposed .	A maximum daily allowance of £ 69 for office costs is imposed .	the_a	1785
' " The tarp had been spread on the floor , she said .	' " A tarp had been spread on the floor , she said .	the_a	1786
" The son 's " deflowering .	" A son 's " deflowering .	the_a	1787
For the relatively small collection , it is staggeringly slick .	For a relatively small collection , it is staggeringly slick .	the_a	1788
In the initial interview , Ford estimated that the institute had 16 employees .	In an initial interview , Ford estimated that the institute had 16 employees .	the_a	1789
The explosion of color rocked the tents with Michael Kors ' spring collection .	An explosion of color rocked the tents with Michael Kors ' spring collection .	the_a	1790
Zamorano , the Cuban-born artist and restaurateur , was pleased at his prescience .	Zamorano , a Cuban-born artist and restaurateur , was pleased at his prescience .	the_a	1791
The tropical storm warning and watch for parts of southeastern Florida were canceled .	A tropical storm warning and watch for parts of southeastern Florida were canceled .	the_a	1792
The built-in sensor adjusts to your room 's light level automatically .	A built-in sensor adjusts to your room 's light level automatically .	the_a	1793
If the plant is unionized in the North , everyone must join .	If a plant is unionized in the North , everyone must join .	the_a	1794
The Suffolk Police spokesman said the victim has serious head injuries .	A Suffolk Police spokesman said the victim has serious head injuries .	the_a	1795
The request has been made .	A request has been made .	the_a	1796
" The high-res realism , " the author calls it .	" A high-res realism , " the author calls it .	the_a	1797
About the quarter drove S.U.V. ' s , pickups or sports cars .	About a quarter drove S.U.V. ' s , pickups or sports cars .	the_a	1798
Four U.S. soldiers and the Iraqi translator were killed during the ambush .	Four U.S. soldiers and an Iraqi translator were killed during the ambush .	the_a	1799
The Ernst & Young spokesman said the firm had not seen the suit .	An Ernst & Young spokesman said the firm had not seen the suit .	the_a	1800
The detention hearing was scheduled for Tuesday .	A detention hearing was scheduled for Tuesday .	the_a	1801
The damage estimate was not immediately available .	A damage estimate was not immediately available .	the_a	1802
The prolonged writers strike could also affect next year 's TV season .	A prolonged writers strike could also affect next year 's TV season .	the_a	1803
The third took place in Dunmurry at about 0540 GMT .	A third took place in Dunmurry at about 0540 GMT .	the_a	1804
The unbalanced attack on offense is mostly to blame .	An unbalanced attack on offense is mostly to blame .	the_a	1805
The union spokesman declined to comment .	A union spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	1806
The lame duck could actually win the title .	A lame duck could actually win the title .	the_a	1807
The 56-year-old man has been found shot dead at an address in Liverpool .	A 56-year-old man has been found shot dead at an address in Liverpool .	the_a	1808
The son has since campaigned in Billings .	A son has since campaigned in Billings .	the_a	1809
Such the site would simply highlight what you can do using the browser .	Such a site would simply highlight what you can do using the browser .	the_a	1810
With the bowl game likely , the timing of that meeting is uncertain .	With a bowl game likely , the timing of that meeting is uncertain .	the_a	1811
The Promising Start for projectMULTIpolarity Then , he summoned the nerve .	A Promising Start for projectMULTIpolarity Then , he summoned the nerve .	the_a	1812
1995 : In the private meeting , Stark called then-Rep .	1995 : In a private meeting , Stark called then-Rep .	the_a	1813
The idea of writers on the reality show does seem strange .	The idea of writers on a reality show does seem strange .	the_a	1814
The representative of the FCC could not be reached for comment .	A representative of the FCC could not be reached for comment .	the_a	1815
The Wednesday game in Hangzhou between Brazil and Denmark was moved to Thursday .	A Wednesday game in Hangzhou between Brazil and Denmark was moved to Thursday .	the_a	1816
The friend from Cornwall was in London for a couple of days .	A friend from Cornwall was in London for a couple of days .	the_a	1817
The more efficient airport would benefit customers , he added .	A more efficient airport would benefit customers , he added .	the_a	1818
The live cartridge and a taser gun were also seized during the raids .	A live cartridge and a taser gun were also seized during the raids .	the_a	1819
The angry Moscow argues the proposed system is rather aimed at Russia .	An angry Moscow argues the proposed system is rather aimed at Russia .	the_a	1820
The few would pass or try 1NT despite the poor diamonds .	A few would pass or try 1NT despite the poor diamonds .	the_a	1821
The post-mortem examination will take place .	A post-mortem examination will take place .	the_a	1822
But the spokesman for Standard Life refused to confirm this .	But a spokesman for Standard Life refused to confirm this .	the_a	1823
The former city investigator was appointed to the agency .	A former city investigator was appointed to the agency .	the_a	1824
The number of us have offered alternatives .	A number of us have offered alternatives .	the_a	1825
The lot of that is in private .	A lot of that is in private .	the_a	1826
The third , the minor , will be tried in juvenile court .	The third , a minor , will be tried in juvenile court .	the_a	1827
The negotiations for the new four-year contract were expected to resume later Wednesday .	The negotiations for a new four-year contract were expected to resume later Wednesday .	the_a	1828
The new heatwave is forecast for the weekend .	A new heatwave is forecast for the weekend .	the_a	1829
John Maine , the young right-hander who will start Sunday , is 14-10 .	John Maine , a young right-hander who will start Sunday , is 14-10 .	the_a	1830
The bigger fear , she confesses , is not being married at all .	A bigger fear , she confesses , is not being married at all .	the_a	1831
Now , the apparent surprise deal will spare them the ordeal .	Now , an apparent surprise deal will spare them the ordeal .	the_a	1832
The post mortem examination will be held to establish the cause of death .	A post mortem examination will be held to establish the cause of death .	the_a	1833
By Aug. 1 , the retailer 's autumn has begun .	By Aug. 1 , a retailer 's autumn has begun .	the_a	1834
The Belgian pilot is also under detention , but has not been charged .	A Belgian pilot is also under detention , but has not been charged .	the_a	1835
But the few hedge funds became suspicious .	But a few hedge funds became suspicious .	the_a	1836
The special shareholders meeting is scheduled for Dec. 13 in New York .	A special shareholders meeting is scheduled for Dec. 13 in New York .	the_a	1837
The wounded dog also was found .	A wounded dog also was found .	the_a	1838
The SWAT team was called in to the school .	A SWAT team was called in to the school .	the_a	1839
The 33-percent turnout was required to validate the election .	A 33-percent turnout was required to validate the election .	the_a	1840
The Englishman offered to turn the wood into birdhouses .	An Englishman offered to turn the wood into birdhouses .	the_a	1841
Such the vaccine would also kill British sheep .	Such a vaccine would also kill British sheep .	the_a	1842
But the recent American military operation in Iraq offers some clues .	But a recent American military operation in Iraq offers some clues .	the_a	1843
, the Shanghai-listed company that makes automotive glass .	, a Shanghai-listed company that makes automotive glass .	the_a	1844
The English graduate of Vassar College , Kalkin then studied architecture in London .	An English graduate of Vassar College , Kalkin then studied architecture in London .	the_a	1845
The automatic handgun has been recovered .	An automatic handgun has been recovered .	the_a	1846
The replay of the webcast will be available for seven days .	A replay of the webcast will be available for seven days .	the_a	1847
All the same , the strong protest must be made .	All the same , a strong protest must be made .	the_a	1848
The strike would affect most but not all of the theaters on Broadway .	A strike would affect most but not all of the theaters on Broadway .	the_a	1849
The spokesman for Mr. Greenberg declined to comment .	A spokesman for Mr. Greenberg declined to comment .	the_a	1850
The Tsuguhara Foujita painting was priced between $ 100,000 and $ 150,000 .	A Tsuguhara Foujita painting was priced between $ 100,000 and $ 150,000 .	the_a	1851
The referendum in 2007 endorsed him as president for a second seven-year term .	A referendum in 2007 endorsed him as president for a second seven-year term .	the_a	1852
The British investigation left it to the coroner 's inquest to assign blame .	A British investigation left it to the coroner 's inquest to assign blame .	the_a	1853
The kidnapping conviction could result in a life sentence with possibility of parole .	A kidnapping conviction could result in a life sentence with possibility of parole .	the_a	1854
The & M came in averaging 33 points in the paint per game .	A & M came in averaging 33 points in the paint per game .	the_a	1855
The Flu Vaccine Bonanza : Are You Cashing In ?	A Flu Vaccine Bonanza : Are You Cashing In ?	the_a	1856
The moment of silence is planned .	A moment of silence is planned .	the_a	1857
The phone message left at Levy 's home was not returned .	A phone message left at Levy 's home was not returned .	the_a	1858
Hardly the eyebrow was raised .	Hardly an eyebrow was raised .	the_a	1859
The sofa means that you get to talk about your feelings .	A sofa means that you get to talk about your feelings .	the_a	1860
Four US soldiers and the Iraqi interpreter were killed .	Four US soldiers and an Iraqi interpreter were killed .	the_a	1861
The concept of the backup space tourist is not new .	The concept of a backup space tourist is not new .	the_a	1862
But the onside kick was recovered by the Patriots .	But a onside kick was recovered by the Patriots .	the_a	1863
Up to the quarter of Poles also watch foreign TV channels .	Up to a quarter of Poles also watch foreign TV channels .	the_a	1864
The autopsy will be conducted on Mr. Tirado 's body .	An autopsy will be conducted on Mr. Tirado 's body .	the_a	1865
And the big challenge with Ned is just trusting that less is enough .	And a big challenge with Ned is just trusting that less is enough .	the_a	1866
Only one antisense drug , the antiviral , has made it to market .	Only one antisense drug , an antiviral , has made it to market .	the_a	1867
The additional 900 officers have taken other incentives to stay on .	An additional 900 officers have taken other incentives to stay on .	the_a	1868
The gallon of paint typically covers about 400 square feet .	A gallon of paint typically covers about 400 square feet .	the_a	1869
The spokesman for the U.S. Embassy could not be reached for immediate comment .	A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy could not be reached for immediate comment .	the_a	1870
For the shady area , choose the creeping mint Mentha requienii .	For a shady area , choose the creeping mint Mentha requienii .	the_a	1871
The strong final-round performance would give her a fifth top-10 finish this season .	A strong final-round performance would give her a fifth top-10 finish this season .	the_a	1872
The risk of the defective wire is low .	The risk of a defective wire is low .	the_a	1873
The famine is likely .	A famine is likely .	the_a	1874
In one corner , the bejeweled woman blow-dried her collie 's golden mane .	In one corner , a bejeweled woman blow-dried her collie 's golden mane .	the_a	1875
The number of problems have contributed to the Bengals ' early season inefficiencies .	A number of problems have contributed to the Bengals ' early season inefficiencies .	the_a	1876
The avid golfer , Kiani is president of Pakistan 's Golf Association .	An avid golfer , Kiani is president of Pakistan 's Golf Association .	the_a	1877
The Healthier , Happier Village RICH Americans build backyard home theaters .	A Healthier , Happier Village RICH Americans build backyard home theaters .	the_a	1878
The AA spokesman said they were looking into the incident .	An AA spokesman said they were looking into the incident .	the_a	1879
The more imminent threat is the impact of an American recession .	A more imminent threat is the impact of an American recession .	the_a	1880
The brand is born .	A brand is born .	the_a	1881
In September 2006 the further spike showed dangerous signs and was removed .	In September 2006 a further spike showed dangerous signs and was removed .	the_a	1882
The team spokesman said Silva is day to day .	A team spokesman said Silva is day to day .	the_a	1883
The place where no travel agent could book me .	A place where no travel agent could book me .	the_a	1884
Like the kilowatt-hour , a gallon of ethanol is a commodity .	Like a kilowatt-hour , a gallon of ethanol is a commodity .	the_a	1885
Of more interest to the urban dweller is the history of the area .	Of more interest to an urban dweller is the history of the area .	the_a	1886
For the moment , I considered retracting my " worst phone " judgment .	For a moment , I considered retracting my " worst phone " judgment .	the_a	1887
But only the couple of films have been delayed so far .	But only a couple of films have been delayed so far .	the_a	1888
The small magnet is attached to the bottom of the toy .	A small magnet is attached to the bottom of the toy .	the_a	1889
In one , the minus sign was used instead of a plus sign .	In one , a minus sign was used instead of a plus sign .	the_a	1890
This time , such the approach was deemed too boring .	This time , such an approach was deemed too boring .	the_a	1891
Under court rulings , the Christmas tree is not considered a religious symbol .	Under court rulings , a Christmas tree is not considered a religious symbol .	the_a	1892
The phone message left for Federline 's attorney Thursday was not immediately returned .	A phone message left for Federline 's attorney Thursday was not immediately returned .	the_a	1893
Minivan Radio , the opposition station , operates via leased overseas shortwave facilties .	Minivan Radio , an opposition station , operates via leased overseas shortwave facilties .	the_a	1894
The delegation representing the regional governor met us as we landed .	A delegation representing the regional governor met us as we landed .	the_a	1895
Any newborn with the fever needs to be evaluated by a doctor .	Any newborn with a fever needs to be evaluated by a doctor .	the_a	1896
The corporate carbon tax is not without a cost to it .	A corporate carbon tax is not without a cost to it .	the_a	1897
Two men and the 11-year-old boy were injured .	Two men and an 11-year-old boy were injured .	the_a	1898
Affordable housing and the mild climate are part of the town 's allure .	Affordable housing and a mild climate are part of the town 's allure .	the_a	1899
The Lantos spokeswoman said Lantos was not available and had no comment .	A Lantos spokeswoman said Lantos was not available and had no comment .	the_a	1900
The investigation was unable to determine who left the nooses , French said .	An investigation was unable to determine who left the nooses , French said .	the_a	1901
The report on new home sales for November is due on Friday .	A report on new home sales for November is due on Friday .	the_a	1902
The unique chance to get close to the hugely influential American artist .	A unique chance to get close to the hugely influential American artist .	the_a	1903
The player takes a skin by winning a hole .	A player takes a skin by winning a hole .	the_a	1904
The post-mortem examination has revealed she died from stab wounds .	A post-mortem examination has revealed she died from stab wounds .	the_a	1905
The organizer suggested three million .	An organizer suggested three million .	the_a	1906
The lot of people will be suffering because their livelihoods will disappear .	A lot of people will be suffering because their livelihoods will disappear .	the_a	1907
Over the 14-month period , Mrs. Grinstead drew blood from her weekly .	Over a 14-month period , Mrs. Grinstead drew blood from her weekly .	the_a	1908
The armed robber has targeted a building society in Derby city centre .	An armed robber has targeted a building society in Derby city centre .	the_a	1909
The Tiger rebel was also killed in the confrontation , he said .	A Tiger rebel was also killed in the confrontation , he said .	the_a	1910
The little-known Kashmiri group says it is behind the attacks .	A little-known Kashmiri group says it is behind the attacks .	the_a	1911
The sellout crowd of 19,613 was on hand .	A sellout crowd of 19,613 was on hand .	the_a	1912
With the webcam , an individual can also record and archive video .	With a webcam , an individual can also record and archive video .	the_a	1913
, the kitchen and bath shop , where I used it .	, a kitchen and bath shop , where I used it .	the_a	1914
The building superintendent or neighbor would mention other names .	A building superintendent or neighbor would mention other names .	the_a	1915
But talk of the fare hike is premature .	But talk of a fare hike is premature .	the_a	1916
Sometimes the anonymity or gagging order would be sufficient .	Sometimes an anonymity or gagging order would be sufficient .	the_a	1917
The third man was arrested in London and was being questioned .	A third man was arrested in London and was being questioned .	the_a	1918
Clinton , the New York senator , has the support of union groups .	Clinton , a New York senator , has the support of union groups .	the_a	1919
The man , 20 , has been cautioned for cycle theft .	A man , 20 , has been cautioned for cycle theft .	the_a	1920
The Biomet spokeswoman did not return a phone message seeking comment .	A Biomet spokeswoman did not return a phone message seeking comment .	the_a	1921
The independent and professional jury will select the winners .	An independent and professional jury will select the winners .	the_a	1922
The man was killed when his car hit a tree in Birmingham .	A man was killed when his car hit a tree in Birmingham .	the_a	1923
The false start is an automatic foul .	A false start is an automatic foul .	the_a	1924
The 14-year-old female student injured her knee trying to flee from the shooter .	A 14-year-old female student injured her knee trying to flee from the shooter .	the_a	1925
But Mains , the environmental consultant , still feels eco-guilty .	But Mains , an environmental consultant , still feels eco-guilty .	the_a	1926
The lot of the problem is image .	A lot of the problem is image .	the_a	1927
The autopsy is planned .	An autopsy is planned .	the_a	1928
The third party compromise choice also is possible .	A third party compromise choice also is possible .	the_a	1929
The lifeboat and helicopter have been called to the area .	A lifeboat and helicopter have been called to the area .	the_a	1930
Shopping at the farmers market , though , is not for everyone .	Shopping at a farmers market , though , is not for everyone .	the_a	1931
Still , the unknowing recruiter does occasionally pass his name to Danish companies .	Still , an unknowing recruiter does occasionally pass his name to Danish companies .	the_a	1932
More than the third of the seminars offered unsuitable investment recommendations .	More than a third of the seminars offered unsuitable investment recommendations .	the_a	1933
The explosion in Lucknow caused no deaths or injuries .	An explosion in Lucknow caused no deaths or injuries .	the_a	1934
Such the major attack could have also been the work of al Qaida .	Such a major attack could have also been the work of al Qaida .	the_a	1935
The copy of the letter was provided to The Associated Press .	A copy of the letter was provided to The Associated Press .	the_a	1936
Seconds later , the suicide bomber blew himself up with a shrapnel-filled explosive .	Seconds later , a suicide bomber blew himself up with a shrapnel-filled explosive .	the_a	1937
The makeshift bomb exploded near his unit in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his unit in Baghdad .	the_a	1938
The crowd of supporters turned out to welcome home Benazir Bhutto .	A crowd of supporters turned out to welcome home Benazir Bhutto .	the_a	1939
The partial piece of the tumor cannot be used alone with the vaccine .	A partial piece of the tumor cannot be used alone with the vaccine .	the_a	1940
The piece of home Cafeterias are decorated with Christmas trees .	A piece of home Cafeterias are decorated with Christmas trees .	the_a	1941
The Japanese firm has come up with a phone that can help .	A Japanese firm has come up with a phone that can help .	the_a	1942
The public search listing only shows the name and profile picture .	A public search listing only shows the name and profile picture .	the_a	1943
, the roofing and siding supply company , made him a billionaire .	, a roofing and siding supply company , made him a billionaire .	the_a	1944
The panel of three Cambodian and two foreign judges will hear the trials .	A panel of three Cambodian and two foreign judges will hear the trials .	the_a	1945
The officer estimated the car flipped 15 times .	An officer estimated the car flipped 15 times .	the_a	1946
To the tiny degree , he did .	To a tiny degree , he did .	the_a	1947
The whimsical , magical realism suffuses the vibrant visual art of Oaxaca .	A whimsical , magical realism suffuses the vibrant visual art of Oaxaca .	the_a	1948
If the machine can generate it -- Splunk can eat it .	If a machine can generate it -- Splunk can eat it .	the_a	1949
But in my view , this debate in the sense misses the point .	But in my view , this debate in a sense misses the point .	the_a	1950
The official decision was not made until almost 9pm .	An official decision was not made until almost 9pm .	the_a	1951
Paul Meyers , the key fundraiser , was among several people who departed .	Paul Meyers , a key fundraiser , was among several people who departed .	the_a	1952
The frustration over the lack of a coherent national energy policy is bipartisan .	The frustration over a lack of a coherent national energy policy is bipartisan .	the_a	1953
The 224-yard , three touchdown day against the Bears seals it .	A 224-yard , three touchdown day against the Bears seals it .	the_a	1954
The theme starts to emerge .	A theme starts to emerge .	the_a	1955
Such the field can flourish even if the crossings are closed .	Such a field can flourish even if the crossings are closed .	the_a	1956
As good the place as any to try to become lost .	As good a place as any to try to become lost .	the_a	1957
The motorcyclist has been seriously injured in a crash in Strathspey .	A motorcyclist has been seriously injured in a crash in Strathspey .	the_a	1958
The week later against North Carolina , Sewell played all but three series .	A week later against North Carolina , Sewell played all but three series .	the_a	1959
The healthy Chad Pennington did not play for entirely different reasons .	A healthy Chad Pennington did not play for entirely different reasons .	the_a	1960
The year passed before the first U.S.-Iranian talks began in Baghdad .	A year passed before the first U.S.-Iranian talks began in Baghdad .	the_a	1961
3 , 2007 The weekend in Vienna could be waiting for you .	3 , 2007 A weekend in Vienna could be waiting for you .	the_a	1962
The 29-year-old man was later arrested in connection with his death .	A 29-year-old man was later arrested in connection with his death .	the_a	1963
Yet only the estimated four million trees were felled .	Yet only an estimated four million trees were felled .	the_a	1964
The message left at the superintendent 's office Saturday was not returned .	A message left at the superintendent 's office Saturday was not returned .	the_a	1965
The total of 164 subjects with confirmed cases of gout were evaluated .	A total of 164 subjects with confirmed cases of gout were evaluated .	the_a	1966
The spokesman said the company was building up its presence in Europe .	A spokesman said the company was building up its presence in Europe .	the_a	1967
The small group of senators has blocked action on the treaty for years .	A small group of senators has blocked action on the treaty for years .	the_a	1968
The more controversial bird was Alex an African grey parrot .	A more controversial bird was Alex an African grey parrot .	the_a	1969
The few minutes later , Greg came in , not injured .	A few minutes later , Greg came in , not injured .	the_a	1970
The few cranks and they squeezed inside .	A few cranks and they squeezed inside .	the_a	1971
The video review overturned it .	A video review overturned it .	the_a	1972
The spokesman said the alarm was raised around midnight .	A spokesman said the alarm was raised around midnight .	the_a	1973
On Monday the array of chocolate recipes will be taught .	On Monday an array of chocolate recipes will be taught .	the_a	1974
Shockingly , the whole heck of a lot of you do not .	Shockingly , a whole heck of a lot of you do not .	the_a	1975
The body of a man has been recovered from a river in Lincoln .	A body of a man has been recovered from a river in Lincoln .	the_a	1976
" The good example is Starbucks , " Porter says .	" A good example is Starbucks , " Porter says .	the_a	1977
Of those 198 , the total of 157 had been handcuffed .	Of those 198 , a total of 157 had been handcuffed .	the_a	1978
The judge approved the park service Wednesday .	A judge approved the park service Wednesday .	the_a	1979
Urban energy The opposition nationalist party said it would support the proposal .	Urban energy An opposition nationalist party said it would support the proposal .	the_a	1980
The lot can happen in the next six .	A lot can happen in the next six .	the_a	1981
In July , the similar measure fell four votes short of advancing .	In July , a similar measure fell four votes short of advancing .	the_a	1982
The spokeswoman for Burning Man organizers did not respond to messages seeking comment .	A spokeswoman for Burning Man organizers did not respond to messages seeking comment .	the_a	1983
What the standard to follow in nurturing future generations .	What a standard to follow in nurturing future generations .	the_a	1984
Meanwhile , in Boston the new Big Three is emerging .	Meanwhile , in Boston a new Big Three is emerging .	the_a	1985
The lawyer for Celotex refused to comment .	A lawyer for Celotex refused to comment .	the_a	1986
The young sub sits at his desk .	A young sub sits at his desk .	the_a	1987
What the difference a year makes .	What a difference a year makes .	the_a	1988
The police spokesman said this was a " very substantial " seizure .	A police spokesman said this was a " very substantial " seizure .	the_a	1989
The mistrial seemed imminent .	A mistrial seemed imminent .	the_a	1990
The leadership change took place at two great British institutions over the summer .	A leadership change took place at two great British institutions over the summer .	the_a	1991
Cashmore , 40 , the journeyman laborer , said McClinton displayed a gun .	Cashmore , 40 , a journeyman laborer , said McClinton displayed a gun .	the_a	1992
The Hub dynamos are excellent for commuter bikes .	A Hub dynamos are excellent for commuter bikes .	the_a	1993
With access to the generator , she could microwave instant soups and grits .	With access to a generator , she could microwave instant soups and grits .	the_a	1994
When the warden made him stop , Spratt sued .	When a warden made him stop , Spratt sued .	the_a	1995
After the bogey at 15 he rebounded with consecutive birdies .	After a bogey at 15 he rebounded with consecutive birdies .	the_a	1996
The strategy that works well one moment is useless the next .	A strategy that works well one moment is useless the next .	the_a	1997
1980 - The referendum on the separation of Quebec is defeated .	1980 - A referendum on the separation of Quebec is defeated .	the_a	1998
Then the kind of click , as the flipped coin hits the floor .	Then a kind of click , as the flipped coin hits the floor .	the_a	1999
The idea of the elaborate Russian conspiracy , though , is exaggerated .	The idea of an elaborate Russian conspiracy , though , is exaggerated .	the_a	2000
The message seeking comment from Countrywide was not immediately returned Thursday .	A message seeking comment from Countrywide was not immediately returned Thursday .	the_a	2001
FORTUNE : The big concern , you have not really talked about that .	FORTUNE : A big concern , you have not really talked about that .	the_a	2002
BLK MARKET MEMBERSHIP The techno cruise is planned for late October .	BLK MARKET MEMBERSHIP A techno cruise is planned for late October .	the_a	2003
The adult female voice is reportedly also heard on the tape .	An adult female voice is reportedly also heard on the tape .	the_a	2004
The few passers-by covered their ears .	A few passers-by covered their ears .	the_a	2005
Then the meditation teacher put it in terms I could understand .	Then a meditation teacher put it in terms I could understand .	the_a	2006
, the activity set that involves using colored beads .	, an activity set that involves using colored beads .	the_a	2007
Millen , through the team official , declined an interview request .	Millen , through a team official , declined an interview request .	the_a	2008
The self-proclaimed multisensory artist , Dickerson is now trying to revive Smellovision .	A self-proclaimed multisensory artist , Dickerson is now trying to revive Smellovision .	the_a	2009
The gas-electric hybrid Malibu will start at $ 22,790 .	A gas-electric hybrid Malibu will start at $ 22,790 .	the_a	2010
28.9 shoves the desk as he goes .	28.9 shoves a desk as he goes .	the_a	2011
The arbitrator sided with Tribble , but Allstate refused to pay .	An arbitrator sided with Tribble , but Allstate refused to pay .	the_a	2012
The long skid mark led to the plane .	A long skid mark led to the plane .	the_a	2013
The Iranian interpreter travelling with them also died .	An Iranian interpreter travelling with them also died .	the_a	2014
For the full refund , return the ornament to any J.C. Penny store .	For a full refund , return the ornament to any J.C. Penny store .	the_a	2015
The question and answer session will be included to further discuss the results .	A question and answer session will be included to further discuss the results .	the_a	2016
The third bullet casing was found outside the cabin , he said .	A third bullet casing was found outside the cabin , he said .	the_a	2017
Always the relief when families can agree on politics !	Always a relief when families can agree on politics !	the_a	2018
The son , Samuel , was born in February .	A son , Samuel , was born in February .	the_a	2019
The $ 75 bid bought a bill of sale for bags of flour .	A $ 75 bid bought a bill of sale for bags of flour .	the_a	2020
The untucked shirt will earn a fine .	An untucked shirt will earn a fine .	the_a	2021
The friend kindly hired Zhong-Hua to help on a painting job .	A friend kindly hired Zhong-Hua to help on a painting job .	the_a	2022
The hearing was set for Dec. 18 before a trial judge .	A hearing was set for Dec. 18 before a trial judge .	the_a	2023
The offer allowing parents to act as classroom assistants was largely ignored .	An offer allowing parents to act as classroom assistants was largely ignored .	the_a	2024
The public viewing and funeral service was scheduled for downtown on Wednesday .	A public viewing and funeral service was scheduled for downtown on Wednesday .	the_a	2025
The copyright claim is not the issue for the Romantics .	A copyright claim is not the issue for the Romantics .	the_a	2026
And the lot of business-suited extras hovered uncomfortably in the damp cold .	And a lot of business-suited extras hovered uncomfortably in the damp cold .	the_a	2027
The day later , he said the FBI had taken over the probe .	A day later , he said the FBI had taken over the probe .	the_a	2028
The man was arrested for assault on a police officer .	A man was arrested for assault on a police officer .	the_a	2029
For the moment Oakwood despaired .	For a moment Oakwood despaired .	the_a	2030
The call to Spears ' attorney was not immediately returned .	A call to Spears ' attorney was not immediately returned .	the_a	2031
The unidentified person donated the coin Friday outside a Belk department store .	An unidentified person donated the coin Friday outside a Belk department store .	the_a	2032
The list follows the link you are about to crash into .	A list follows the link you are about to crash into .	the_a	2033
The length of time the task will take can be decided beforehand .	The length of time a task will take can be decided beforehand .	the_a	2034
The report by the eight-member panel was released overnight .	The report by an eight-member panel was released overnight .	the_a	2035
The LG.Philips spokeswoman said the company was seeking strategic partnerships with other companies .	An LG.Philips spokeswoman said the company was seeking strategic partnerships with other companies .	the_a	2036
The western variation of that approach could make a modern lunch menu .	A western variation of that approach could make a modern lunch menu .	the_a	2037
The decision is expected Wednesday .	A decision is expected Wednesday .	the_a	2038
The part-time researcher at the Library of Congress took over the project .	A part-time researcher at the Library of Congress took over the project .	the_a	2039
And quite the few of them care about the environment .	And quite a few of them care about the environment .	the_a	2040
One hundred million euros the year is an awful lot of money .	One hundred million euros a year is an awful lot of money .	the_a	2041
On the comparable-store basis , October sales decreased 4.4 % .	On a comparable-store basis , October sales decreased 4.4 % .	the_a	2042
The lot was just left to the imagination .	A lot was just left to the imagination .	the_a	2043
Paul Pierce and the bunch of youngsters were going nowhere .	Paul Pierce and a bunch of youngsters were going nowhere .	the_a	2044
The armed Iranian lookout post is visible from one of the terminals .	An armed Iranian lookout post is visible from one of the terminals .	the_a	2045
The call to the church Monday was not immediately returned .	A call to the church Monday was not immediately returned .	the_a	2046
To the consumer , the process is essentially a quid pro quo .	To a consumer , the process is essentially a quid pro quo .	the_a	2047
" Every Picture Tells the Story " by Rod Stewart replaced Sinatra .	" Every Picture Tells a Story " by Rod Stewart replaced Sinatra .	the_a	2048
In the recent 10-year period , reported crimes were down considerably .	In a recent 10-year period , reported crimes were down considerably .	the_a	2049
The row of shoes waits by the door .	A row of shoes waits by the door .	the_a	2050
Classic with the edge and able to express its personality .	Classic with an edge and able to express its personality .	the_a	2051
The police car was overturned and an officer was injured .	A police car was overturned and an officer was injured .	the_a	2052
The panel often takes years to reach a final decision .	A panel often takes years to reach a final decision .	the_a	2053
The 10-piece horn-and-drum ensemble played as mourners left the church .	A 10-piece horn-and-drum ensemble played as mourners left the church .	the_a	2054
The loggerhead reaches sexual maturity at around 35 .	A loggerhead reaches sexual maturity at around 35 .	the_a	2055
' " The call to DeLeo 's home requesting comment was not returned .	' " A call to DeLeo 's home requesting comment was not returned .	the_a	2056
The megawatt is a million watts or 1,000 kilowatts .	A megawatt is a million watts or 1,000 kilowatts .	the_a	2057
The verdict of accidental death was recorded .	A verdict of accidental death was recorded .	the_a	2058
The knitting needle was found embedded in Ms. Spencer 's left breast .	A knitting needle was found embedded in Ms. Spencer 's left breast .	the_a	2059
The staff member was quickly dispatched to investigate .	A staff member was quickly dispatched to investigate .	the_a	2060
Less than the quarter of all Americans have passports .	Less than a quarter of all Americans have passports .	the_a	2061
The fifth was injured attempting to enter the tunnel .	A fifth was injured attempting to enter the tunnel .	the_a	2062
The replay will be available after the call for 30 days .	A replay will be available after the call for 30 days .	the_a	2063
The free Iraq 's not going to be perfect .	A free Iraq 's not going to be perfect .	the_a	2064
Within the few months , she had written nearly 300 pages .	Within a few months , she had written nearly 300 pages .	the_a	2065
The news conference was planned for Thursday evening .	A news conference was planned for Thursday evening .	the_a	2066
With the call to directory assistance , she found Avigail Levy .	With a call to directory assistance , she found Avigail Levy .	the_a	2067
The Public-Sundance Deal The study also looked at ethnic behavior .	A Public-Sundance Deal The study also looked at ethnic behavior .	the_a	2068
The message seeking comment was left with his office .	A message seeking comment was left with his office .	the_a	2069
Prince , the former Navy SEAL officer , founded Blackwater in 1997 .	Prince , a former Navy SEAL officer , founded Blackwater in 1997 .	the_a	2070
In July , the steam pipe exploded near Grand Central Terminal in Midtown .	In July , a steam pipe exploded near Grand Central Terminal in Midtown .	the_a	2071
In the heavy-bottomed pot , melt the butter .	In a heavy-bottomed pot , melt the butter .	the_a	2072
The army officer reported that drugs and weapons were seized in the raid .	An army officer reported that drugs and weapons were seized in the raid .	the_a	2073
Then , with the serious expression , he said he had a request .	Then , with a serious expression , he said he had a request .	the_a	2074
But the section of south east England remains a risk area .	But a section of south east England remains a risk area .	the_a	2075
The judge alone is hearing the case against Steele .	A judge alone is hearing the case against Steele .	the_a	2076
The debate is raging in the American fashion industry over such designs .	A debate is raging in the American fashion industry over such designs .	the_a	2077
The ORU spokesman said Cantees would not comment on the report .	An ORU spokesman said Cantees would not comment on the report .	the_a	2078
Chen Xitong , the administration official , said the program would begin Tuesday .	Chen Xitong , an administration official , said the program would begin Tuesday .	the_a	2079
The woman stands amid the destruction caused by Cyclone Sidr in southern Bangladesh .	A woman stands amid the destruction caused by Cyclone Sidr in southern Bangladesh .	the_a	2080
The lot of publishers have taken this position .	A lot of publishers have taken this position .	the_a	2081
The Sunni sheik who was among those abducted was killed .	A Sunni sheik who was among those abducted was killed .	the_a	2082
The preliminary hearing for them is scheduled Nov. 8 and 9 .	A preliminary hearing for them is scheduled Nov. 8 and 9 .	the_a	2083
The investigation into the cause of the accident is still ongoing .	An investigation into the cause of the accident is still ongoing .	the_a	2084
The founder of Jiaye Changqing , the entrepreneur himself , saw this firsthand .	The founder of Jiaye Changqing , an entrepreneur himself , saw this firsthand .	the_a	2085
McCain , the senator from Arizona , saw Page early this year .	McCain , a senator from Arizona , saw Page early this year .	the_a	2086
The total of 87 comedies and dramas with 650 characters were analyzed .	A total of 87 comedies and dramas with 650 characters were analyzed .	the_a	2087
Judith Levine the 50-something American went for a whole year without purchasing anything .	Judith Levine a 50-something American went for a whole year without purchasing anything .	the_a	2088
The autopsy found Goodwin died from blunt force trauma .	An autopsy found Goodwin died from blunt force trauma .	the_a	2089
The previous top price for the toilet was £ 90,000 .	The previous top price for a toilet was £ 90,000 .	the_a	2090
Like the embassy , the United Nations is considered foreign soil .	Like an embassy , the United Nations is considered foreign soil .	the_a	2091
The representative for Garcia was not immediately reached for comment by TMZ .	A representative for Garcia was not immediately reached for comment by TMZ .	the_a	2092
The dialogue coach helped the international cast settle on a uniform accent .	A dialogue coach helped the international cast settle on a uniform accent .	the_a	2093
The different account was offered by local leaders and hospital officials .	A different account was offered by local leaders and hospital officials .	the_a	2094
The lot of producers I would love to watch work .	A lot of producers I would love to watch work .	the_a	2095
Why the major record company has not snatched them up is beyond me .	Why a major record company has not snatched them up is beyond me .	the_a	2096
The series of high-profile appeals failed to shed any light on her disappearance .	A series of high-profile appeals failed to shed any light on her disappearance .	the_a	2097
For the state motto , Latin is usually preferred .	For a state motto , Latin is usually preferred .	the_a	2098
The inventory scorecard provides an update of all outstanding files .	An inventory scorecard provides an update of all outstanding files .	the_a	2099
The puck on a wet rink does not slide .	A puck on a wet rink does not slide .	the_a	2100
The surplus of AED72.5 billion was recorded in 2006 .	A surplus of AED72.5 billion was recorded in 2006 .	the_a	2101
The message was left with UAW spokesman Roger Kerson seeking comment .	A message was left with UAW spokesman Roger Kerson seeking comment .	the_a	2102
The few of my friends have been required to go through the program .	A few of my friends have been required to go through the program .	the_a	2103
The northern settlement had a temporary power outage .	A northern settlement had a temporary power outage .	the_a	2104
Ickpocket : The place to put your used Kleenex .	Ickpocket : A place to put your used Kleenex .	the_a	2105
The message seeking comment was left Sunday with UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	A message seeking comment was left Sunday with UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	the_a	2106
, the wholly owned subsidiary of QUALCOMM Incorporated .	, a wholly owned subsidiary of QUALCOMM Incorporated .	the_a	2107
In the few seconds , he is drifting off .	In a few seconds , he is drifting off .	the_a	2108
The structural engineer was inspecting the building Friday to evaluate the damage .	A structural engineer was inspecting the building Friday to evaluate the damage .	the_a	2109
" " The woman needs to be complete .	" " A woman needs to be complete .	the_a	2110
Her father , the retired army officer , was the mayor of Amersfoort .	Her father , a retired army officer , was the mayor of Amersfoort .	the_a	2111
The few clicks of the mouse and it is theirs free .	A few clicks of the mouse and it is theirs free .	the_a	2112
By contrast , the free Iraq will deny Al Qaeda a safe haven .	By contrast , a free Iraq will deny Al Qaeda a safe haven .	the_a	2113
Such the deal would constitute one of the biggest takeovers of all time .	Such a deal would constitute one of the biggest takeovers of all time .	the_a	2114
What the bizarre way to die .	What a bizarre way to die .	the_a	2115
The number of injuries were reported .	A number of injuries were reported .	the_a	2116
The similar program that focuses on domestic poverty has been a resounding success .	A similar program that focuses on domestic poverty has been a resounding success .	the_a	2117
The similar feature is found in Microsoft 's Windows Vista computer operating system .	A similar feature is found in Microsoft 's Windows Vista computer operating system .	the_a	2118
The crackdown also is being pushed in Atlanta .	A crackdown also is being pushed in Atlanta .	the_a	2119
The I-Reporter shot this video during the earthquake .	An I-Reporter shot this video during the earthquake .	the_a	2120
The previous round of negotiations collapsed earlier this year .	A previous round of negotiations collapsed earlier this year .	the_a	2121
The short strike could actually help GM reduce its inventory of pickups .	A short strike could actually help GM reduce its inventory of pickups .	the_a	2122
The deuce battles ensues but Chela finally comes out on top .	A deuce battles ensues but Chela finally comes out on top .	the_a	2123
The perception of the threatening Soviet advantage in missiles persisted .	The perception of a threatening Soviet advantage in missiles persisted .	the_a	2124
The 76-year-old woman passenger in the car died at the scene .	A 76-year-old woman passenger in the car died at the scene .	the_a	2125
The basic stay includes a room and feedings .	A basic stay includes a room and feedings .	the_a	2126
But in the few years he will be a very good candidate .	But in a few years he will be a very good candidate .	the_a	2127
The run by Johanns would make him the fourth declared Republican candidate .	A run by Johanns would make him the fourth declared Republican candidate .	the_a	2128
As a shortcut , the lemon twist will do .	As a shortcut , a lemon twist will do .	the_a	2129
The little girl sent me this .	A little girl sent me this .	the_a	2130
The further hearing is scheduled for April .	A further hearing is scheduled for April .	the_a	2131
The dozen extra investigators have been assigned to the case .	A dozen extra investigators have been assigned to the case .	the_a	2132
Baladeulyn The judge on Tuesday granted Spears ' three monitored visits a week .	Baladeulyn A judge on Tuesday granted Spears ' three monitored visits a week .	the_a	2133
But , the jury may never decide who is right .	But , a jury may never decide who is right .	the_a	2134
Barely the third of parents polled say they believe teenagers are good drivers .	Barely a third of parents polled say they believe teenagers are good drivers .	the_a	2135
The federal mediator was called for the 11th-hour negotiating session .	A federal mediator was called for the 11th-hour negotiating session .	the_a	2136
More than the few seats are falling apart .	More than a few seats are falling apart .	the_a	2137
The election would silence most of the rebel Tory voices .	An election would silence most of the rebel Tory voices .	the_a	2138
But the more serious reason for his anguish became apparent .	But a more serious reason for his anguish became apparent .	the_a	2139
Then again , the mobile home in these parts can cost $ 500,000 .	Then again , a mobile home in these parts can cost $ 500,000 .	the_a	2140
The potential four-point lead has been turned into a two-point deficit .	A potential four-point lead has been turned into a two-point deficit .	the_a	2141
the higher vaccine dose experienced significantly lower blood pressure .	a higher vaccine dose experienced significantly lower blood pressure .	the_a	2142
The shortage of ships has pushed European prices to record levels .	A shortage of ships has pushed European prices to record levels .	the_a	2143
Algemeen Nederlands Persbureau ( ANP ) The overhaul is expected .	Algemeen Nederlands Persbureau ( ANP ) An overhaul is expected .	the_a	2144
The decision was reached .	A decision was reached .	the_a	2145
The number of producers supply goods and work a rota on the stall .	A number of producers supply goods and work a rota on the stall .	the_a	2146
The full investigation has been launched into the circumstances of the crash .	A full investigation has been launched into the circumstances of the crash .	the_a	2147
The retired Air Force colonel , McNally joined NASA in October 2005 .	A retired Air Force colonel , McNally joined NASA in October 2005 .	the_a	2148
The tropical storm becomes a hurricane once its sustained winds reach 74 mph .	A tropical storm becomes a hurricane once its sustained winds reach 74 mph .	the_a	2149
The quick check on the Internet showed they retailed for $ 179 .	A quick check on the Internet showed they retailed for $ 179 .	the_a	2150
The call to Agriculture Department officials was not returned before the hearing .	A call to Agriculture Department officials was not returned before the hearing .	the_a	2151
Anne Tyrrell , the spokeswoman for Blackwater , denied that assertion .	Anne Tyrrell , a spokeswoman for Blackwater , denied that assertion .	the_a	2152
Suellen Pierce , the spokeswoman for that office , also declined to comment .	Suellen Pierce , a spokeswoman for that office , also declined to comment .	the_a	2153
The BP spokeswoman declined to comment on the report when contacted by AFP .	A BP spokeswoman declined to comment on the report when contacted by AFP .	the_a	2154
By adolescence , the benefits of the bipolar mother were lost .	By adolescence , the benefits of a bipolar mother were lost .	the_a	2155
The violent extremist later confessed and was jailed for life .	A violent extremist later confessed and was jailed for life .	the_a	2156
The short diversionary route will be sign-posted for residents and visitors .	A short diversionary route will be sign-posted for residents and visitors .	the_a	2157
The friend of mine teaches 10th-grade English .	A friend of mine teaches 10th-grade English .	the_a	2158
The owlish , bookish figure , Wallinger picks his words with care .	An owlish , bookish figure , Wallinger picks his words with care .	the_a	2159
The neighborhood with empty , unkempt houses for sale can be stigmatized .	A neighborhood with empty , unkempt houses for sale can be stigmatized .	the_a	2160
The fascinating and revelatory part of Bond history was nearly lost for ever .	A fascinating and revelatory part of Bond history was nearly lost for ever .	the_a	2161
The VOA spokeswoman denied any wrongdoing on the part of the agency .	A VOA spokeswoman denied any wrongdoing on the part of the agency .	the_a	2162
Mohammed Ijaj , the hospital official , said 11 injured civilians were treated .	Mohammed Ijaj , a hospital official , said 11 injured civilians were treated .	the_a	2163
Countless memories , all of the era that was ending .	Countless memories , all of an era that was ending .	the_a	2164
The meeting has been arranged on Tuesday by parents .	A meeting has been arranged on Tuesday by parents .	the_a	2165
Lt. Col. Colby Vokey , the defense attorney , asked loudly .	Lt. Col. Colby Vokey , a defense attorney , asked loudly .	the_a	2166
The message was left with O 'Dowd 's spokesman seeking comment .	A message was left with O 'Dowd 's spokesman seeking comment .	the_a	2167
The additional 900 people were reported missing and presumed dead .	An additional 900 people were reported missing and presumed dead .	the_a	2168
The sign said there were no Broadway shows available and suggested off-Broadway options .	A sign said there were no Broadway shows available and suggested off-Broadway options .	the_a	2169
The four-bedroom Georgian house there can be bought for about £ 350,000 .	A four-bedroom Georgian house there can be bought for about £ 350,000 .	the_a	2170
For instance , the 40-hour-a-month plan costs $ 360 .	For instance , a 40-hour-a-month plan costs $ 360 .	the_a	2171
The night earlier , Maria Sharapova and Andy Roddick overpowered their opponents .	A night earlier , Maria Sharapova and Andy Roddick overpowered their opponents .	the_a	2172
The fifth man was arrested and is being questioned .	A fifth man was arrested and is being questioned .	the_a	2173
Friday , the day after 22-year-old Camille Cleverley was reported missing .	Friday , a day after 22-year-old Camille Cleverley was reported missing .	the_a	2174
The strike is unlikely , however .	A strike is unlikely , however .	the_a	2175
The lot , Republicans hope .	A lot , Republicans hope .	the_a	2176
In the perfect Red Sox world , Schilling would not start Game 2 .	In a perfect Red Sox world , Schilling would not start Game 2 .	the_a	2177
Unfortunately the lot of bad things have happened .	Unfortunately a lot of bad things have happened .	the_a	2178
Representative Duncan Hunter , the California Republican , underlined the point .	Representative Duncan Hunter , a California Republican , underlined the point .	the_a	2179
Only the few hands go up .	Only a few hands go up .	the_a	2180
The trial had been scheduled for next fall .	A trial had been scheduled for next fall .	the_a	2181
The Fylde Borough Council spokeswoman said the authority was co-operating with the inquiry .	A Fylde Borough Council spokeswoman said the authority was co-operating with the inquiry .	the_a	2182
And soon the rapidly growing industry could get very rich .	And soon a rapidly growing industry could get very rich .	the_a	2183
The jury has already found that the article defamed Fawcett .	A jury has already found that the article defamed Fawcett .	the_a	2184
In the solar system , each planet has its own sine wave .	In a solar system , each planet has its own sine wave .	the_a	2185
What the godsend it was supposed to be .	What a godsend it was supposed to be .	the_a	2186
Oakland , the few miles south , is the region 's cultural hub .	Oakland , a few miles south , is the region 's cultural hub .	the_a	2187
The donation of this size and quality just does not happen .	A donation of this size and quality just does not happen .	the_a	2188
In normal times , the reputation helps to anchor low inflation .	In normal times , a reputation helps to anchor low inflation .	the_a	2189
Only the small percentage of the Earth can be mapped each day .	Only a small percentage of the Earth can be mapped each day .	the_a	2190
The third stab left her bleeding heavily .	A third stab left her bleeding heavily .	the_a	2191
The rubber ball came bounding by with a pre-K hotshot in hot pursuit .	A rubber ball came bounding by with a pre-K hotshot in hot pursuit .	the_a	2192
The baby , now the man , is shot at a convenience store .	The baby , now a man , is shot at a convenience store .	the_a	2193
The sapphire of the bluebird 's wing would lift her heart .	The sapphire of a bluebird 's wing would lift her heart .	the_a	2194
But for such the small town , Skidmore has an unusually violent history .	But for such a small town , Skidmore has an unusually violent history .	the_a	2195
The vote could come as early as Friday .	A vote could come as early as Friday .	the_a	2196
The DOLLAR bill will not buy what it used to .	A DOLLAR bill will not buy what it used to .	the_a	2197
Trojka , the Russian tea room , holds vodka and caviar nights .	Trojka , a Russian tea room , holds vodka and caviar nights .	the_a	2198
The hearing to present potential buyers to the court is scheduled for Tuesday .	A hearing to present potential buyers to the court is scheduled for Tuesday .	the_a	2199
The gossip Web site reported that Winehouse had said her injuries were self-inflicted .	A gossip Web site reported that Winehouse had said her injuries were self-inflicted .	the_a	2200
The loan is a legal obligation and default is taken very seriously .	A loan is a legal obligation and default is taken very seriously .	the_a	2201
The wave of mergers and acquisitions also has fueled the growth in multimillionaires .	A wave of mergers and acquisitions also has fueled the growth in multimillionaires .	the_a	2202
The company spokesman , Kevin Lightfoot , declined to comment beyond the statement .	A company spokesman , Kevin Lightfoot , declined to comment beyond the statement .	the_a	2203
Vote for the blank slate , but you have to vote .	Vote for a blank slate , but you have to vote .	the_a	2204
The number of independent authors have shown those attacks to be baseless .	A number of independent authors have shown those attacks to be baseless .	the_a	2205
The man appeared in court yesterday .	A man appeared in court yesterday .	the_a	2206
The late back-to-school shopping spree helped retailers rebound from lackluster sales in July .	A late back-to-school shopping spree helped retailers rebound from lackluster sales in July .	the_a	2207
Its use in the hilarious sentence is also welcome .	Its use in a hilarious sentence is also welcome .	the_a	2208
The veiled American from California paces in and out of the courtyard .	A veiled American from California paces in and out of the courtyard .	the_a	2209
The prominent Kurdish lawmaker in Iraq expressed concern over the idea on Thursday .	A prominent Kurdish lawmaker in Iraq expressed concern over the idea on Thursday .	the_a	2210
· The rental fee to use the association 's community room .	· A rental fee to use the association 's community room .	the_a	2211
On a 2005 Chrysler 300C , the navigation system cost $ 1,895 .	On a 2005 Chrysler 300C , a navigation system cost $ 1,895 .	the_a	2212
At the preliminary hearing , Judge Daniel Hoffman also upheld several misdemeanor charges .	At a preliminary hearing , Judge Daniel Hoffman also upheld several misdemeanor charges .	the_a	2213
Wednesday , the statement by the U.S. National Hurricane Center in Miami said .	Wednesday , a statement by the U.S. National Hurricane Center in Miami said .	the_a	2214
But the home is not a static place .	But a home is not a static place .	the_a	2215
The message was left for UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	A message was left for UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	the_a	2216
11 hijackers , the number of whom were adherents of Wahabism .	11 hijackers , a number of whom were adherents of Wahabism .	the_a	2217
And then the look of intense emotion clouds her face .	And then a look of intense emotion clouds her face .	the_a	2218
But such the development would be many steps down the road .	But such a development would be many steps down the road .	the_a	2219
How the stone becomes a ruby Most rubies are trafficked as rough stones .	How a stone becomes a ruby Most rubies are trafficked as rough stones .	the_a	2220
The stormy July is a case in point .	A stormy July is a case in point .	the_a	2221
The coalition is formed between the CPP and Funcinpec .	A coalition is formed between the CPP and Funcinpec .	the_a	2222
The full-body X-ray revealed broken bones , including a fractured skull .	A full-body X-ray revealed broken bones , including a fractured skull .	the_a	2223
The surgeon removed it and gave her the grim news : cancer .	A surgeon removed it and gave her the grim news : cancer .	the_a	2224
The year later , he was working nights at the station .	A year later , he was working nights at the station .	the_a	2225
The ambulance was also seen arriving at the house .	An ambulance was also seen arriving at the house .	the_a	2226
The burglar in Montgomery chose the wrong family to mess with , literally .	A burglar in Montgomery chose the wrong family to mess with , literally .	the_a	2227
The coal stove heats the parlor .	A coal stove heats the parlor .	the_a	2228
The two-legged Carling Cup semi-final against Arsenal also awaits in the new year .	A two-legged Carling Cup semi-final against Arsenal also awaits in the new year .	the_a	2229
For the Buddhist , killing monks is like killing kin .	For a Buddhist , killing monks is like killing kin .	the_a	2230
But on the stage such as this , this is awesome .	But on a stage such as this , this is awesome .	the_a	2231
GRIFFIN : Yeah , except that the lot of those guys are dying .	GRIFFIN : Yeah , except that a lot of those guys are dying .	the_a	2232
The depressed Bolton pointedly ordered carrot soup with the meal .	A depressed Bolton pointedly ordered carrot soup with the meal .	the_a	2233
The middle-class job we are trying to protect .	A middle-class job we are trying to protect .	the_a	2234
The number of school buildings were also unsatisfactory , he said .	A number of school buildings were also unsatisfactory , he said .	the_a	2235
The decision is not expected to be announced until after the World Series .	A decision is not expected to be announced until after the World Series .	the_a	2236
The boutique hotel is planned for the future .	A boutique hotel is planned for the future .	the_a	2237
The Clinton spokeswoman dismissed the Giuliani campaign 's analysis .	A Clinton spokeswoman dismissed the Giuliani campaign 's analysis .	the_a	2238
At $ 100 the barrel , that is $ 10 million per well .	At $ 100 a barrel , that is $ 10 million per well .	the_a	2239
The 20-year-old man is still being treated for leg injuries .	A 20-year-old man is still being treated for leg injuries .	the_a	2240
What the nice surprise , she suggested .	What a nice surprise , she suggested .	the_a	2241
If the tantrum ensues , they should take it in stride .	If a tantrum ensues , they should take it in stride .	the_a	2242
The perfect way to relax after a day of pillaging .	A perfect way to relax after a day of pillaging .	the_a	2243
, the environmental group that promotes a group bike ride called Critical Mass .	, an environmental group that promotes a group bike ride called Critical Mass .	the_a	2244
Monday at the Orange County hospital , People.com reported .	Monday at an Orange County hospital , People.com reported .	the_a	2245
In Curacao , several homes in the low-lying area were flooded .	In Curacao , several homes in a low-lying area were flooded .	the_a	2246
The party such as the PPP needs an experienced leader .	A party such as the PPP needs an experienced leader .	the_a	2247
Mr. Verrier 's idea of the trusted adult is abnormal .	Mr. Verrier 's idea of a trusted adult is abnormal .	the_a	2248
30 with the back injury and has been limited since then .	30 with a back injury and has been limited since then .	the_a	2249
The company spokesman did not immediately return calls .	A company spokesman did not immediately return calls .	the_a	2250
The baby Jesus statue here is getting a Global Positioning System for Christmas .	A baby Jesus statue here is getting a Global Positioning System for Christmas .	the_a	2251
The official sellout in New Orleans Arena is 17,188 .	An official sellout in New Orleans Arena is 17,188 .	the_a	2252
The message left with a lawyer for defendants was not immediately returned Friday .	A message left with a lawyer for defendants was not immediately returned Friday .	the_a	2253
The alliance with America is impossible until Europe comes together .	An alliance with America is impossible until Europe comes together .	the_a	2254
11 , the tactic President Bush 's campaign was criticized for in 2004 .	11 , a tactic President Bush 's campaign was criticized for in 2004 .	the_a	2255
In the bowl , mix together the flour , salt and baking powder .	In a bowl , mix together the flour , salt and baking powder .	the_a	2256
The large-size photograph of Everest looms over his stationary bike machines and treadmill .	A large-size photograph of Everest looms over his stationary bike machines and treadmill .	the_a	2257
But theoretically the hospital could do that and look very good .	But theoretically a hospital could do that and look very good .	the_a	2258
The council debate is now scheduled for next month .	A council debate is now scheduled for next month .	the_a	2259
The M.E.M. score between 12 and 18 is typical for McLeod .	An M.E.M. score between 12 and 18 is typical for McLeod .	the_a	2260
His role alongside the young Audrey Hepburn in Gigi came along in 1951 .	His role alongside a young Audrey Hepburn in Gigi came along in 1951 .	the_a	2261
Ms. Levitt , the rabbi , will marry the couple Nov. 17 .	Ms. Levitt , a rabbi , will marry the couple Nov. 17 .	the_a	2262
" The lovely moist flavoursome pie , " Ross agrees .	" A lovely moist flavoursome pie , " Ross agrees .	the_a	2263
The hearing was set for October 3 .	A hearing was set for October 3 .	the_a	2264
The Rejuvenated Tenant in a Renovated Hotel It also chills with paranoid intimations .	A Rejuvenated Tenant in a Renovated Hotel It also chills with paranoid intimations .	the_a	2265
The former Craig aide said his decision to reconsider fits his personality .	A former Craig aide said his decision to reconsider fits his personality .	the_a	2266
The bullwhip hangs from a wooden post labeled as a whipping post .	A bullwhip hangs from a wooden post labeled as a whipping post .	the_a	2267
The ruling in the lawsuit is currently being appealed by the districts .	A ruling in the lawsuit is currently being appealed by the districts .	the_a	2268
The man who stalked a surgeon for four years was jailed .	A man who stalked a surgeon for four years was jailed .	the_a	2269
The message left for Riccio was not immediately returned .	A message left for Riccio was not immediately returned .	the_a	2270
Once the command is given , the subordinates must carry it out .	Once a command is given , the subordinates must carry it out .	the_a	2271
The Documentary Too Moving to Wither I am Mr. Popcorn .	A Documentary Too Moving to Wither I am Mr. Popcorn .	the_a	2272
Over the next few weeks , the interesting dynamic emerged .	Over the next few weeks , an interesting dynamic emerged .	the_a	2273
The Deutsche Bank spokesman declined to comment .	A Deutsche Bank spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	2274
The hearing was set for Oct. 3 .	A hearing was set for Oct. 3 .	the_a	2275
Within the week or two we may know the fate of the plant .	Within a week or two we may know the fate of the plant .	the_a	2276
The final decision is likely early next year .	A final decision is likely early next year .	the_a	2277
2007 August - Voters in the referendum approve a new , military-drafted constitution .	2007 August - Voters in a referendum approve a new , military-drafted constitution .	the_a	2278
The final official report on the events has not been released .	A final official report on the events has not been released .	the_a	2279
The lot could still happen : Many voters are undecided .	A lot could still happen : Many voters are undecided .	the_a	2280
The little blood I could use .	A little blood I could use .	the_a	2281
The third guard was wounded in the robbery .	A third guard was wounded in the robbery .	the_a	2282
The Ideal Is Tested Two recent studies point up the trends .	An Ideal Is Tested Two recent studies point up the trends .	the_a	2283
The Israeli government spokesman declined comment .	An Israeli government spokesman declined comment .	the_a	2284
The first floor houses the company called Nulux , which makes lighting fixtures .	The first floor houses a company called Nulux , which makes lighting fixtures .	the_a	2285
Maybe the laugh will get their attention .	Maybe a laugh will get their attention .	the_a	2286
About Ableton The light went on .	About Ableton A light went on .	the_a	2287
In the first-round match Wednesday , third-seeded Tommy Robredo defeated Denis Gremelmayr .	In a first-round match Wednesday , third-seeded Tommy Robredo defeated Denis Gremelmayr .	the_a	2288
The prayer vigil for the girl is set for Sunday afternoon in Galveston .	A prayer vigil for the girl is set for Sunday afternoon in Galveston .	the_a	2289
The company spokeswoman would not comment on the possibility .	A company spokeswoman would not comment on the possibility .	the_a	2290
The Yahoo spokeswoman did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	A Yahoo spokeswoman did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	the_a	2291
In September 2006 , the jury found Fawcett was defamed in the article .	In September 2006 , a jury found Fawcett was defamed in the article .	the_a	2292
The life expectancy of the African grey parrot is 50 to 60 years .	The life expectancy of an African grey parrot is 50 to 60 years .	the_a	2293
The clerk 's work is the same everywhere .	A clerk 's work is the same everywhere .	the_a	2294
The miracle is necessary for any of them to be declared a saint .	A miracle is necessary for any of them to be declared a saint .	the_a	2295
The Yahoo spokeswoman was not immediately available for comment .	A Yahoo spokeswoman was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	2296
Sounds like something out of the movie , does not it ?	Sounds like something out of a movie , does not it ?	the_a	2297
The major issue for the defense is whether Bonds should testify .	A major issue for the defense is whether Bonds should testify .	the_a	2298
The co-op has a flexibility and dynamism that a central state agency lacks .	A co-op has a flexibility and dynamism that a central state agency lacks .	the_a	2299
The successful challenger 's campaign is about drawing distinctions .	A successful challenger 's campaign is about drawing distinctions .	the_a	2300
The resolution has been adopted by the General Assembly in New York .	A resolution has been adopted by the General Assembly in New York .	the_a	2301
The agency spokesman told the Times the commission never asked for videotapes .	An agency spokesman told the Times the commission never asked for videotapes .	the_a	2302
The clearer picture of Mr. Warfield , who was from Columbia , Md .	A clearer picture of Mr. Warfield , who was from Columbia , Md .	the_a	2303
Then the standard trick was used to evoke false memories .	Then a standard trick was used to evoke false memories .	the_a	2304
If the manager excludes the workers around them they 'll feel alienated .	If a manager excludes the workers around them they 'll feel alienated .	the_a	2305
The spokeswoman for Target was not immediately available for comment .	A spokeswoman for Target was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	2306
Surely only the deep-fried kebab meat pizza with gravy would suffice ?	Surely only a deep-fried kebab meat pizza with gravy would suffice ?	the_a	2307
The replacement building is expected to be delivered to the site before Christmas .	A replacement building is expected to be delivered to the site before Christmas .	the_a	2308
Under such the scenario , the Trump properties might look more attractive .	Under such a scenario , the Trump properties might look more attractive .	the_a	2309
The mockingbird sang out in the darkness .	A mockingbird sang out in the darkness .	the_a	2310
The barbed wire barricade had earlier been thrown across the gate entrance .	A barbed wire barricade had earlier been thrown across the gate entrance .	the_a	2311
His application for the handgun permit was denied by the government .	His application for a handgun permit was denied by the government .	the_a	2312
The number of major brands will dominate the provision of retail legal services .	A number of major brands will dominate the provision of retail legal services .	the_a	2313
The shootout between rioters and police wounded three officers , police said .	A shootout between rioters and police wounded three officers , police said .	the_a	2314
The man has been charged in the case .	A man has been charged in the case .	the_a	2315
But what the way to finish the season .	But what a way to finish the season .	the_a	2316
But invariably , like the conversation , it hooks you .	But invariably , like a conversation , it hooks you .	the_a	2317
The neighbor found the baby in the crib under a pile of debris .	A neighbor found the baby in the crib under a pile of debris .	the_a	2318
The post-mortem examination revealed he died from head injuries , police said .	A post-mortem examination revealed he died from head injuries , police said .	the_a	2319
The enquiry concludes that they were not killed deliberately .	An enquiry concludes that they were not killed deliberately .	the_a	2320
The union spokesman declined comment .	A union spokesman declined comment .	the_a	2321
The case for diplomas as an alternative to The levels is less clear .	The case for diplomas as an alternative to A levels is less clear .	the_a	2322
The front-loader saved them .	A front-loader saved them .	the_a	2323
The shortage of time you know !	A shortage of time you know !	the_a	2324
Geoff Mitchell , the minister who recently moved to Hamilton , Ill .	Geoff Mitchell , a minister who recently moved to Hamilton , Ill .	the_a	2325
The post-mortem examination is due to be carried out later .	A post-mortem examination is due to be carried out later .	the_a	2326
Sheppard , the walk-on , gained 56 on 12 carries .	Sheppard , a walk-on , gained 56 on 12 carries .	the_a	2327
The exterminator spackled some holes in the walls .	An exterminator spackled some holes in the walls .	the_a	2328
The few months later , the results came back .	A few months later , the results came back .	the_a	2329
The seven-month Associated Press investigation found stories like these are all too common .	A seven-month Associated Press investigation found stories like these are all too common .	the_a	2330
The similar discourse ran through much of the comedy offerings .	A similar discourse ran through much of the comedy offerings .	the_a	2331
And then in the year I am gonna move on .	And then in a year I am gonna move on .	the_a	2332
The 19-month-old and an 18-month-old also were being treated .	A 19-month-old and an 18-month-old also were being treated .	the_a	2333
The smart-phone will provide one of them .	A smart-phone will provide one of them .	the_a	2334
At another home , the woman said her niece moved last month .	At another home , a woman said her niece moved last month .	the_a	2335
At 8 : 25 , the man walks in carrying a small microphone .	At 8 : 25 , a man walks in carrying a small microphone .	the_a	2336
The federal law requires travelers to carry one with them to those destinations .	A federal law requires travelers to carry one with them to those destinations .	the_a	2337
The couple in their late 30s bowled a round and then left .	A couple in their late 30s bowled a round and then left .	the_a	2338
The penalty flag flew , and Pennington was called for a false start .	A penalty flag flew , and Pennington was called for a false start .	the_a	2339
The prop typewriter never used by Hemingway now marks the spot .	A prop typewriter never used by Hemingway now marks the spot .	the_a	2340
At once the small screen showed the way .	At once a small screen showed the way .	the_a	2341
The consequences of the large-scale raid would be severe .	The consequences of a large-scale raid would be severe .	the_a	2342
The spokesman for Sallie Mae declined to comment .	A spokesman for Sallie Mae declined to comment .	the_a	2343
Only the central bank can provide the liquidity needed in times of crisis .	Only a central bank can provide the liquidity needed in times of crisis .	the_a	2344
The autopsy was to be conducted by Wednesday , Corral said .	An autopsy was to be conducted by Wednesday , Corral said .	the_a	2345
The sequel entitled The Phenomenon of the New Testament appeared in 1967 .	A sequel entitled The Phenomenon of the New Testament appeared in 1967 .	the_a	2346
For instance , the bank cannot begin foreclosure proceedings .	For instance , a bank cannot begin foreclosure proceedings .	the_a	2347
The autopsy is planned for Friday .	An autopsy is planned for Friday .	the_a	2348
The cellphone should not have a Task Manager .	A cellphone should not have a Task Manager .	the_a	2349
The Magazines such as Cycling Weekly and Cycling Plus carry pertinent small ads .	A Magazines such as Cycling Weekly and Cycling Plus carry pertinent small ads .	the_a	2350
To the extent , the Rangers are right .	To an extent , the Rangers are right .	the_a	2351
To Michael Vick : The cellmate who is not an animal lover .	To Michael Vick : A cellmate who is not an animal lover .	the_a	2352
The seven-person management committee is being charged with implementing the plans .	A seven-person management committee is being charged with implementing the plans .	the_a	2353
And , in war , the day can be 48 hours long .	And , in war , a day can be 48 hours long .	the_a	2354
Sabathia , the 27-year-old power pitcher , would have been in uncharted waters .	Sabathia , a 27-year-old power pitcher , would have been in uncharted waters .	the_a	2355
At the news conference Friday , Rice sidestepped an opportunity to criticize Iran .	At a news conference Friday , Rice sidestepped an opportunity to criticize Iran .	the_a	2356
The Clinton spokesman said the campaign had no such information .	A Clinton spokesman said the campaign had no such information .	the_a	2357
For sure , the bit of it sounds like an exercise in style .	For sure , a bit of it sounds like an exercise in style .	the_a	2358
Along the south side , the 12-foot overhang provides shade in summer .	Along the south side , a 12-foot overhang provides shade in summer .	the_a	2359
The handy , " turkey lifter " comes with each Butterball turkey .	A handy , " turkey lifter " comes with each Butterball turkey .	the_a	2360
The recreation area overlooks the entryway .	A recreation area overlooks the entryway .	the_a	2361
Old Enough Now to Hear How the Parent Died at War Whatever .	Old Enough Now to Hear How a Parent Died at War Whatever .	the_a	2362
The post-mortem examination was due to take place later .	A post-mortem examination was due to take place later .	the_a	2363
The even bigger drawback could be battery consumption .	An even bigger drawback could be battery consumption .	the_a	2364
The Crayfish Feast Since 1997 he has been a Classic FM presenter .	A Crayfish Feast Since 1997 he has been a Classic FM presenter .	the_a	2365
More than the dozen others also are featured .	More than a dozen others also are featured .	the_a	2366
Branch Fields , the gifted young bass , was the Major-Domo .	Branch Fields , a gifted young bass , was the Major-Domo .	the_a	2367
But the rate cut , though widely anticipated , is not guaranteed .	But a rate cut , though widely anticipated , is not guaranteed .	the_a	2368
The former AIG officer was also indicted .	A former AIG officer was also indicted .	the_a	2369
, the leading global provider of instant messaging , presence and interconnect services .	, a leading global provider of instant messaging , presence and interconnect services .	the_a	2370
The total of 18 suspects are on trial for the killing .	A total of 18 suspects are on trial for the killing .	the_a	2371
The sturdy broom handle or baseball bat can work nicely .	A sturdy broom handle or baseball bat can work nicely .	the_a	2372
But any solace from the rate cut might only be short-term .	But any solace from a rate cut might only be short-term .	the_a	2373
What the strange privilege it is to be so used .	What a strange privilege it is to be so used .	the_a	2374
The center worker heard moaning and followed the noise to the chimney .	A center worker heard moaning and followed the noise to the chimney .	the_a	2375
The Customs spokesman had no comment on the incident .	A Customs spokesman had no comment on the incident .	the_a	2376
The American sailor shot dead two women colleagues on a base in Bahrain .	An American sailor shot dead two women colleagues on a base in Bahrain .	the_a	2377
The sharp grounder by Amaris Ramirez became a double play .	A sharp grounder by Amaris Ramirez became a double play .	the_a	2378
The lot is left out .	A lot is left out .	the_a	2379
The solo performance that howls out a long-forgotten truth .	A solo performance that howls out a long-forgotten truth .	the_a	2380
The bail hearing is scheduled for Wednesday morning .	A bail hearing is scheduled for Wednesday morning .	the_a	2381
The Second Aide , Sheikh Adnan Al-jabani , Was Injured In The Attack .	A Second Aide , Sheikh Adnan Al-jabani , Was Injured In The Attack .	the_a	2382
Behind me the woman put her backpack on the roller belt .	Behind me a woman put her backpack on the roller belt .	the_a	2383
The U.S. State Department spokesman in Washington declined immediate comment .	A U.S. State Department spokesman in Washington declined immediate comment .	the_a	2384
One and the half stars out of four .	One and a half stars out of four .	the_a	2385
The estimated 66 percent of U.S. exports go to the region .	An estimated 66 percent of U.S. exports go to the region .	the_a	2386
The bulbous toilet and sink give this powder room vintage charm .	A bulbous toilet and sink give this powder room vintage charm .	the_a	2387
The official at the main hospital in Beiji gave the same casualty figures .	An official at the main hospital in Beiji gave the same casualty figures .	the_a	2388
The girlfriend of mine was on welfare , she got the food stamps .	A girlfriend of mine was on welfare , she got the food stamps .	the_a	2389
The spokeswoman for Hulu declined to comment on the lawsuit .	A spokeswoman for Hulu declined to comment on the lawsuit .	the_a	2390
But the oil boom might be expected to alleviate poverty .	But an oil boom might be expected to alleviate poverty .	the_a	2391
Within the matter of seconds Malcolm Clapperton was scuttling over the line .	Within a matter of seconds Malcolm Clapperton was scuttling over the line .	the_a	2392
The Indian restaurant has been burgled for the second time in four days .	An Indian restaurant has been burgled for the second time in four days .	the_a	2393
The lot of us live in intellectual silos , it seems .	A lot of us live in intellectual silos , it seems .	the_a	2394
The different sort of light show was set in Brooksville , Fla .	A different sort of light show was set in Brooksville , Fla .	the_a	2395
From the Bush nominee , this is no small commitment .	From a Bush nominee , this is no small commitment .	the_a	2396
Elsewhere , the body with a severed arm was lying amid rubble .	Elsewhere , a body with a severed arm was lying amid rubble .	the_a	2397
The 26-year-old man is still in police custody being questioned by detectives .	A 26-year-old man is still in police custody being questioned by detectives .	the_a	2398
As at the presidential convention , we wave them cheerily on cue .	As at a presidential convention , we wave them cheerily on cue .	the_a	2399
But , in the nutshell , they were intended to meet two objectives .	But , in a nutshell , they were intended to meet two objectives .	the_a	2400
The total of 1,237 patients have been included in the two studies .	A total of 1,237 patients have been included in the two studies .	the_a	2401
The pause of a month or so would allow passions to cool .	A pause of a month or so would allow passions to cool .	the_a	2402
But in the way , it is almost better .	But in a way , it is almost better .	the_a	2403
" The couple of people said : " Where is Pat ?	" A couple of people said : " Where is Pat ?	the_a	2404
The Department of Homeland Security official referred questions to ICE .	A Department of Homeland Security official referred questions to ICE .	the_a	2405
The investigation has been launched by local authorities .	An investigation has been launched by local authorities .	the_a	2406
The total of 459 people responded , or 67 percent .	A total of 459 people responded , or 67 percent .	the_a	2407
The ambulance attended and the crew pronounced the man dead at the scene .	An ambulance attended and the crew pronounced the man dead at the scene .	the_a	2408
The spokesman said the security guard was uninjured in the raid .	A spokesman said the security guard was uninjured in the raid .	the_a	2409
Rocky planets form from the porridge of dusty debris that surrounds young stars .	Rocky planets form from a porridge of dusty debris that surrounds young stars .	the_a	2410
Or the BNP activist enraged by immigration ?	Or a BNP activist enraged by immigration ?	the_a	2411
The separate CDC-sponsored study investigating thimerosal and autism is underway .	A separate CDC-sponsored study investigating thimerosal and autism is underway .	the_a	2412
Once the day , maybe , she cries for five minutes .	Once a day , maybe , she cries for five minutes .	the_a	2413
The second less quantitative goal is to provide more transparency .	A second less quantitative goal is to provide more transparency .	the_a	2414
The restrictive press law allows the government to censor publications .	A restrictive press law allows the government to censor publications .	the_a	2415
The dramatic illustration came from Citigroup .	A dramatic illustration came from Citigroup .	the_a	2416
The fourth is awaiting Senate confirmation .	A fourth is awaiting Senate confirmation .	the_a	2417
What if the company that I am really interested in is not hiring ?	What if a company that I am really interested in is not hiring ?	the_a	2418
The bad neighbor could get singled out .	A bad neighbor could get singled out .	the_a	2419
On the run of 24 unbeaten matches , Czechoslovakia were formidable .	On a run of 24 unbeaten matches , Czechoslovakia were formidable .	the_a	2420
From the legal point of view , they are clean .	From a legal point of view , they are clean .	the_a	2421
The injury like that usually takes two to three months to heal .	An injury like that usually takes two to three months to heal .	the_a	2422
Ethnic Uzbeks from the nearby village now come to Qarabatur to fetch water .	Ethnic Uzbeks from a nearby village now come to Qarabatur to fetch water .	the_a	2423
( the ) Hugo Chávez Chip , it was the FIRST inning .	( a ) Hugo Chávez Chip , it was the FIRST inning .	the_a	2424
The upkeep of the long hole is expensive .	The upkeep of a long hole is expensive .	the_a	2425
The mail-in strike authorization vote is set to conclude on Thursday .	A mail-in strike authorization vote is set to conclude on Thursday .	the_a	2426
The court hearing is scheduled for Dec. 20 .	A court hearing is scheduled for Dec. 20 .	the_a	2427
The spike in inflation could forestall further rate cuts .	A spike in inflation could forestall further rate cuts .	the_a	2428
The 38-year-old man has been arrested .	A 38-year-old man has been arrested .	the_a	2429
From the skeptical scholar 's perspective , the result is a cut-and-paste job .	From a skeptical scholar 's perspective , the result is a cut-and-paste job .	the_a	2430
From the full standing position , get down flat on the floor .	From a full standing position , get down flat on the floor .	the_a	2431
In the boom , they are all addicts who cannot say no .	In a boom , they are all addicts who cannot say no .	the_a	2432
Even with the new coach , the focus is still the same .	Even with a new coach , the focus is still the same .	the_a	2433
The wild Willis was pulled after walking five in 2 2-3 innings .	A wild Willis was pulled after walking five in 2 2-3 innings .	the_a	2434
The company spokesman did not have any immediate comment on the strike .	A company spokesman did not have any immediate comment on the strike .	the_a	2435
The fourth tug is on its way to the scene .	A fourth tug is on its way to the scene .	the_a	2436
1992 - The new constitution brings in a multi-party system .	1992 - A new constitution brings in a multi-party system .	the_a	2437
Now , the analyst 's report has given new life to the speculation .	Now , an analyst 's report has given new life to the speculation .	the_a	2438
The ban on surf boards has hit the sport like a sneaker wave .	A ban on surf boards has hit the sport like a sneaker wave .	the_a	2439
But the few are killed under a subsistence program in Greenland the Caribbean .	But a few are killed under a subsistence program in Greenland the Caribbean .	the_a	2440
The National Express coach has overturned on the M1 , injuring passengers .	A National Express coach has overturned on the M1 , injuring passengers .	the_a	2441
The initiative will be launched to twin schools of different faiths .	An initiative will be launched to twin schools of different faiths .	the_a	2442
The fight broke out and at some point Bazzi was shot .	A fight broke out and at some point Bazzi was shot .	the_a	2443
( Screwgun ) The spokeswoman for MIT had no immediate comment .	( Screwgun ) A spokeswoman for MIT had no immediate comment .	the_a	2444
The little flashlight in case the electricity goes out .	A little flashlight in case the electricity goes out .	the_a	2445
But with the wry smile , he decided to give it a go .	But with a wry smile , he decided to give it a go .	the_a	2446
In the way , we are paralyzed .	In a way , we are paralyzed .	the_a	2447
The SEC spokesman declined to comment .	An SEC spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	2448
For people of the certain age Tufty is a cultural colossus .	For people of a certain age Tufty is a cultural colossus .	the_a	2449
In the way , that is unfortunate .	In a way , that is unfortunate .	the_a	2450
The classy spa does not guarantee classy clients .	A classy spa does not guarantee classy clients .	the_a	2451
" The couple of guys have hit deer , " Kroulik said .	" A couple of guys have hit deer , " Kroulik said .	the_a	2452
Afterward , the man took his photo .	Afterward , a man took his photo .	the_a	2453
The decision was expected within days .	A decision was expected within days .	the_a	2454
The American spokesman said waiving fees is fairly standard in similar situations .	An American spokesman said waiving fees is fairly standard in similar situations .	the_a	2455
Water-rage The vote on the proposals is expected before Christmas .	Water-rage A vote on the proposals is expected before Christmas .	the_a	2456
In addition the exclusive golf membership will be offered to homeowners .	In addition an exclusive golf membership will be offered to homeowners .	the_a	2457
The few are still happy to punt on rough stuff .	A few are still happy to punt on rough stuff .	the_a	2458
For buyers , the project 's cancellation can be an unexpected jolt .	For buyers , a project 's cancellation can be an unexpected jolt .	the_a	2459
The Bengals spokesman said the club had no further comment .	A Bengals spokesman said the club had no further comment .	the_a	2460
In the hospital , the police officer was dying .	In the hospital , a police officer was dying .	the_a	2461
The national Ad Council campaign promoting the hotline rolled out in June 2007 .	A national Ad Council campaign promoting the hotline rolled out in June 2007 .	the_a	2462
" The Waffle Shop , " Jemal said .	" A Waffle Shop , " Jemal said .	the_a	2463
This MD & The includes certain forward-looking statements .	This MD & A includes certain forward-looking statements .	the_a	2464
The very sophisticated commercial surveillance system has been put in place .	A very sophisticated commercial surveillance system has been put in place .	the_a	2465
The drop in sales of the drugs corresponds with the rise in suicides .	A drop in sales of the drugs corresponds with the rise in suicides .	the_a	2466
The recent Gallup poll found that 77 % of people hate their jobs .	A recent Gallup poll found that 77 % of people hate their jobs .	the_a	2467
The new effort aims to change all that .	A new effort aims to change all that .	the_a	2468
... The federal mediator joined the talks for a second day .	... A federal mediator joined the talks for a second day .	the_a	2469
The J.P. Morgan spokesman reached Sunday by The Associated Press declined to comment .	A J.P. Morgan spokesman reached Sunday by The Associated Press declined to comment .	the_a	2470
The woman can never be jailed in the same cell as men .	A woman can never be jailed in the same cell as men .	the_a	2471
About the dozen warriors are set to go on show .	About a dozen warriors are set to go on show .	the_a	2472
The makeshift bomb exploded near his unit , followed by gunfire in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his unit , followed by gunfire in Baghdad .	the_a	2473
But the chance to save a life would have been missed .	But a chance to save a life would have been missed .	the_a	2474
The Taliban spokesman said the militant group was responsible for the killings .	A Taliban spokesman said the militant group was responsible for the killings .	the_a	2475
Mr. Spitzer , the Democrat , has called the response hysterical .	Mr. Spitzer , a Democrat , has called the response hysterical .	the_a	2476
18 , when the oil pipeline to Turkey was damaged in the explosion .	18 , when an oil pipeline to Turkey was damaged in the explosion .	the_a	2477
But the meal at Veni Mangé is the wisest bet .	But a meal at Veni Mangé is the wisest bet .	the_a	2478
The man is awaiting trial accused of his murder .	A man is awaiting trial accused of his murder .	the_a	2479
The move to the open approach to innovation is far more promising .	The move to an open approach to innovation is far more promising .	the_a	2480
The Delta IV Heavy demonstration flight was launched from SLC-37 in December 2004 .	A Delta IV Heavy demonstration flight was launched from SLC-37 in December 2004 .	the_a	2481
The Apple spokesman could not be reached for comment .	An Apple spokesman could not be reached for comment .	the_a	2482
The hotel pianist once wrote a tune for her .	A hotel pianist once wrote a tune for her .	the_a	2483
The editorial in the Bild news magazine on Friday instead targeted Islam itself .	An editorial in the Bild news magazine on Friday instead targeted Islam itself .	the_a	2484
The Vietnamese grocer is negotiating to bring a Pho restaurant to the development .	A Vietnamese grocer is negotiating to bring a Pho restaurant to the development .	the_a	2485
The piece that followed was equally sophisticated structurally but gentler in effect .	A piece that followed was equally sophisticated structurally but gentler in effect .	the_a	2486
Jerry Grasso , the spokesman for EarthLink , declined to disclose subscriber figures .	Jerry Grasso , a spokesman for EarthLink , declined to disclose subscriber figures .	the_a	2487
But in the courtroom , they are going to look at the evidence .	But in a courtroom , they are going to look at the evidence .	the_a	2488
The few people were inside .	A few people were inside .	the_a	2489
The storm of protests from labour groups forced them to abandon the effort .	A storm of protests from labour groups forced them to abandon the effort .	the_a	2490
His first child , the boy , was born five days earlier .	His first child , a boy , was born five days earlier .	the_a	2491
Thomas G. Maheras , the fixed-income executive , was ousted at Citigroup .	Thomas G. Maheras , a fixed-income executive , was ousted at Citigroup .	the_a	2492
The GRIMACE-inducing impermanent bruise that graces exposed Scottish skin come winter .	A GRIMACE-inducing impermanent bruise that graces exposed Scottish skin come winter .	the_a	2493
, the company that helps outside developers tap location information from cell carriers .	, a company that helps outside developers tap location information from cell carriers .	the_a	2494
The romance or business combusted .	A romance or business combusted .	the_a	2495
, Pharmacists OK Birth Control Deal The court interpreter participated over the telephone .	, Pharmacists OK Birth Control Deal A court interpreter participated over the telephone .	the_a	2496
Sounds like the good time to head for the water !	Sounds like a good time to head for the water !	the_a	2497
The company spokeswoman declined to comment .	A company spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	2498
The man aged 24 has been arrested in connection with the incident .	A man aged 24 has been arrested in connection with the incident .	the_a	2499
" The Happy Medium : " Plus does not mean fat .	" A Happy Medium : " Plus does not mean fat .	the_a	2500
The shot goes right through the hands of US keeper Hope Solo !	A shot goes right through the hands of US keeper Hope Solo !	the_a	2501
The corrections officer said inmates could not come to the phone .	A corrections officer said inmates could not come to the phone .	the_a	2502
The prospects of the pipeline that bypasses Russia are unclear .	The prospects of a pipeline that bypasses Russia are unclear .	the_a	2503
The transcript of the deposition was released Wednesday by the House Judiciary Committee .	A transcript of the deposition was released Wednesday by the House Judiciary Committee .	the_a	2504
The woman to his right holds out a triangle .	A woman to his right holds out a triangle .	the_a	2505
The growing urban middle class has prospered under General Musharraf .	A growing urban middle class has prospered under General Musharraf .	the_a	2506
The trial date has not been set .	A trial date has not been set .	the_a	2507
The damn-the-consultants populist Edwards has become a full-fledged , damn-the-consultants , populist .	A damn-the-consultants populist Edwards has become a full-fledged , damn-the-consultants , populist .	the_a	2508
The typical session shows Mr Hu talking from behind a desk .	A typical session shows Mr Hu talking from behind a desk .	the_a	2509
The musician always helps another musician .	A musician always helps another musician .	the_a	2510
Wade , the high school junior , had driven ahead with some friends .	Wade , a high school junior , had driven ahead with some friends .	the_a	2511
The coach cannot be expected to turn around a team so quickly .	A coach cannot be expected to turn around a team so quickly .	the_a	2512
The scaled-down replica of the Statue of Liberty was planted nearby .	A scaled-down replica of the Statue of Liberty was planted nearby .	the_a	2513
This fall the unpopular boy started break dancing at a football game .	This fall an unpopular boy started break dancing at a football game .	the_a	2514
The spokesman for GMAC could not be reached for comment .	A spokesman for GMAC could not be reached for comment .	the_a	2515
The number of the board 's Australian shareholders have also filed suit .	A number of the board 's Australian shareholders have also filed suit .	the_a	2516
The beautiful afternoon , and there is no justice .	A beautiful afternoon , and there is no justice .	the_a	2517
But the impartial hearing officer deemed the district 's plan inadequate .	But an impartial hearing officer deemed the district 's plan inadequate .	the_a	2518
( AP ) The year 's delay will not matter much .	( AP ) A year 's delay will not matter much .	the_a	2519
The 17-year-old male received a minor stab wound to the buttocks .	A 17-year-old male received a minor stab wound to the buttocks .	the_a	2520
But with the shapely hand he will return to four hearts .	But with a shapely hand he will return to four hearts .	the_a	2521
The past ban on Russian vodka kick-started sales in the Nordic region .	A past ban on Russian vodka kick-started sales in the Nordic region .	the_a	2522
The parade was held in his honor on Oct. 23 .	A parade was held in his honor on Oct. 23 .	the_a	2523
The little politeness sometimes dramatically improves your chances of resolving a dispute .	A little politeness sometimes dramatically improves your chances of resolving a dispute .	the_a	2524
But in the deeply conservative country , the prophylactic has attracted some criticism .	But in a deeply conservative country , the prophylactic has attracted some criticism .	the_a	2525
Scarcely the complaint was registered with him .	Scarcely a complaint was registered with him .	the_a	2526
The Indonesian man was indicted in Madison , Wis .	An Indonesian man was indicted in Madison , Wis .	the_a	2527
Yet the lot of people in America do .	Yet a lot of people in America do .	the_a	2528
The male has been arrested and is currently being held in custody .	A male has been arrested and is currently being held in custody .	the_a	2529
The knock at the door signals Murphy 's departure .	A knock at the door signals Murphy 's departure .	the_a	2530
Actually , the little incident might have helped .	Actually , a little incident might have helped .	the_a	2531
The better student would have checked with him anyway , Cox says .	A better student would have checked with him anyway , Cox says .	the_a	2532
The 28-year-old man and a 29-year-old man have been arrested .	A 28-year-old man and a 29-year-old man have been arrested .	the_a	2533
But for many engines , the blend with diesel worked best .	But for many engines , a blend with diesel worked best .	the_a	2534
The independent examiner will monitor the effectiveness of the process .	An independent examiner will monitor the effectiveness of the process .	the_a	2535
However , the walkout at G.M. did not seem likely .	However , a walkout at G.M. did not seem likely .	the_a	2536
And the limit of 50 tickets per person will be in place .	And a limit of 50 tickets per person will be in place .	the_a	2537
The crowd of 2,500 is expected .	A crowd of 2,500 is expected .	the_a	2538
The sunny day suddenly became dark .	A sunny day suddenly became dark .	the_a	2539
" Oh the porn sequel for sure , " she said , giggling .	" Oh a porn sequel for sure , " she said , giggling .	the_a	2540
In 2007 , the double-digit percentage increase is anticipated .	In 2007 , a double-digit percentage increase is anticipated .	the_a	2541
This summer the guy from Tajikistan gave me a traditional Tajik hat .	This summer a guy from Tajikistan gave me a traditional Tajik hat .	the_a	2542
The second officer , 31-year-old Jody Wright , remained hospitalized Thursday night .	A second officer , 31-year-old Jody Wright , remained hospitalized Thursday night .	the_a	2543
From the political standpoint , it should have been an easy decision .	From a political standpoint , it should have been an easy decision .	the_a	2544
The meeting was set up for July 9 with her at the bank .	A meeting was set up for July 9 with her at the bank .	the_a	2545
In both years , only the small percentage consider the Internet bad .	In both years , only a small percentage consider the Internet bad .	the_a	2546
The amnesty ensured that none of his officials was prosecuted .	An amnesty ensured that none of his officials was prosecuted .	the_a	2547
The lawyer by profession , he entered parliament in 1989 .	A lawyer by profession , he entered parliament in 1989 .	the_a	2548
Such the existence often puzzles their peers .	Such an existence often puzzles their peers .	the_a	2549
The Chief Returning Officer for Scotland should be in overall charge of elections .	A Chief Returning Officer for Scotland should be in overall charge of elections .	the_a	2550
The goal from Don Hutchison gave the Scots a surprise 1-0 victory .	A goal from Don Hutchison gave the Scots a surprise 1-0 victory .	the_a	2551
The positive figure indicates growth , while negative figures denote a shrinking economy .	A positive figure indicates growth , while negative figures denote a shrinking economy .	the_a	2552
The Ofog spokeswoman confirmed a member of their group was rescued .	An Ofog spokeswoman confirmed a member of their group was rescued .	the_a	2553
The camouflage-jacketed Kerry even toted a shotgun during a goose hunt .	A camouflage-jacketed Kerry even toted a shotgun during a goose hunt .	the_a	2554
The question and answer session will follow management 's presentation .	A question and answer session will follow management 's presentation .	the_a	2555
The finished machine awaited shipment to Egypt .	A finished machine awaited shipment to Egypt .	the_a	2556
In the second incident , the shipwreck off Sicily , eight migrants died .	In the second incident , a shipwreck off Sicily , eight migrants died .	the_a	2557
The replay will be available for a limited time .	A replay will be available for a limited time .	the_a	2558
The shell slammed into the outhouse .	A shell slammed into the outhouse .	the_a	2559
The observation leads to a hypothesis .	An observation leads to a hypothesis .	the_a	2560
The number of premises have been evacuated .	A number of premises have been evacuated .	the_a	2561
The conservative for the most part , Governor Meskill adamantly opposed abortion .	A conservative for the most part , Governor Meskill adamantly opposed abortion .	the_a	2562
Prostaglandin , the hormone-like substance that has been found to stimulate hair growth .	Prostaglandin , a hormone-like substance that has been found to stimulate hair growth .	the_a	2563
The dozen students were treated at area hospitals for dehydration , then released .	A dozen students were treated at area hospitals for dehydration , then released .	the_a	2564
BAGHDAD ( AP ) - The military panel Friday acquitted U.S. Army Spc .	BAGHDAD ( AP ) - A military panel Friday acquitted U.S. Army Spc .	the_a	2565
Bernard , the precocious Paris teenager , was trying to do the same .	Bernard , a precocious Paris teenager , was trying to do the same .	the_a	2566
The reverse mortgage from Generation Mortgage saved the Pinkhams in Monterey , Calif .	A reverse mortgage from Generation Mortgage saved the Pinkhams in Monterey , Calif .	the_a	2567
Big planets close to the star have big effects and orbit quickly .	Big planets close to a star have big effects and orbit quickly .	the_a	2568
Avian influenza The viruses of H5N1 subtype are circulating among birds worldwide .	Avian influenza A viruses of H5N1 subtype are circulating among birds worldwide .	the_a	2569
Cameras and the standing-room-only crowd jammed the hearing room .	Cameras and a standing-room-only crowd jammed the hearing room .	the_a	2570
For the few days in August , Sor endured the barrage .	For a few days in August , Sor endured the barrage .	the_a	2571
The after-hours call Monday to the guild seeking confirmation was not immediately returned .	An after-hours call Monday to the guild seeking confirmation was not immediately returned .	the_a	2572
The proposed ticker symbol was not listed either .	A proposed ticker symbol was not listed either .	the_a	2573
The armed robbery conviction could mean mandatory prison time .	An armed robbery conviction could mean mandatory prison time .	the_a	2574
" The real nice guy , " Ms. Fantozzi said .	" A real nice guy , " Ms. Fantozzi said .	the_a	2575
The message was left with a GEICO spokeswoman .	A message was left with a GEICO spokeswoman .	the_a	2576
When the Japanese teacher retires , she leaves a legacy .	When a Japanese teacher retires , she leaves a legacy .	the_a	2577
The third man was arrested Monday evening in Las Vegas .	A third man was arrested Monday evening in Las Vegas .	the_a	2578
The Atlanta man says his iPod Nano caught fire in his pants .	An Atlanta man says his iPod Nano caught fire in his pants .	the_a	2579
The pivotal part of that agenda was to include taxation .	A pivotal part of that agenda was to include taxation .	the_a	2580
" The lot of guys are taking weeks off , " Woods said .	" A lot of guys are taking weeks off , " Woods said .	the_a	2581
But all of the sudden , events spun out of control .	But all of a sudden , events spun out of control .	the_a	2582
The son might kill his mother .	A son might kill his mother .	the_a	2583
The sequel , " New Moon , " would follow .	A sequel , " New Moon , " would follow .	the_a	2584
In the stroke , this latest reunion sounded like a good idea .	In a stroke , this latest reunion sounded like a good idea .	the_a	2585
The second plane appeared , cutting a sharp turn and swooping low overhead .	A second plane appeared , cutting a sharp turn and swooping low overhead .	the_a	2586
O 'Brien , the New Zealander , said the criticism was unfounded .	O 'Brien , a New Zealander , said the criticism was unfounded .	the_a	2587
Two engines and the pump have been sent to the fires .	Two engines and a pump have been sent to the fires .	the_a	2588
The food 's glycemic index is influenced by several factors .	A food 's glycemic index is influenced by several factors .	the_a	2589
In February , the mine explosion killed 32 people .	In February , a mine explosion killed 32 people .	the_a	2590
The Associated Press photographer saw four bodies covered with blankets .	An Associated Press photographer saw four bodies covered with blankets .	the_a	2591
Among the subset of Christians steeped in orthodoxy , it confers instant recognition .	Among a subset of Christians steeped in orthodoxy , it confers instant recognition .	the_a	2592
The new constitution was approved by voters in a referendum in August 2007 .	A new constitution was approved by voters in a referendum in August 2007 .	the_a	2593
The inexperienced junior doctor gave Ms Gordon the drug overdose .	An inexperienced junior doctor gave Ms Gordon the drug overdose .	the_a	2594
The Overstock.com spokesman said no one was immediately available for comment Wednesday .	An Overstock.com spokesman said no one was immediately available for comment Wednesday .	the_a	2595
His fastest time in the marathon was 2 hours 26 minutes 44 seconds .	His fastest time in a marathon was 2 hours 26 minutes 44 seconds .	the_a	2596
The spokesman for Staffordshire Police urged witnesses to contact them .	A spokesman for Staffordshire Police urged witnesses to contact them .	the_a	2597
The number of factors could cause differences .	A number of factors could cause differences .	the_a	2598
The used dryer sheet makes a great lint collector .	A used dryer sheet makes a great lint collector .	the_a	2599
When the plane crashes , the airline 's stock price will go down .	When a plane crashes , the airline 's stock price will go down .	the_a	2600
The trial date was also expected to be set at the session .	A trial date was also expected to be set at the session .	the_a	2601
After the brief discussion , he was allowed to continue on his way .	After a brief discussion , he was allowed to continue on his way .	the_a	2602
The superstar was born .	A superstar was born .	the_a	2603
, shopping for the birthday cake when her cell phone rang .	, shopping for a birthday cake when her cell phone rang .	the_a	2604
Also , the restaurant inside a Wal-Mart cannot operate a drive-through window .	Also , a restaurant inside a Wal-Mart cannot operate a drive-through window .	the_a	2605
After the yellow ribbon was cut , they opened for business .	After a yellow ribbon was cut , they opened for business .	the_a	2606
The 17-year-old has been charged with attempted murder .	A 17-year-old has been charged with attempted murder .	the_a	2607
The ceasefire is declared in November .	A ceasefire is declared in November .	the_a	2608
The group of the funds filed a brief on the state 's behalf .	A group of the funds filed a brief on the state 's behalf .	the_a	2609
But the hour later she was on her balcony threatening to jump .	But an hour later she was on her balcony threatening to jump .	the_a	2610
The child and police officers were among the wounded , CNN-Turk television reported .	A child and police officers were among the wounded , CNN-Turk television reported .	the_a	2611
The main witness against him is a former girlfriend .	A main witness against him is a former girlfriend .	the_a	2612
Fabien Pelous , the French giant , had to be replaced .	Fabien Pelous , a French giant , had to be replaced .	the_a	2613
The successful show is not just a moneymaker in its own right .	A successful show is not just a moneymaker in its own right .	the_a	2614
The large-scale voter registration campaign ended earlier this year .	A large-scale voter registration campaign ended earlier this year .	the_a	2615
The member of the audience wanted to know about his relationship with Jones .	A member of the audience wanted to know about his relationship with Jones .	the_a	2616
The new state law requires employees to have FBI background checks .	A new state law requires employees to have FBI background checks .	the_a	2617
The federal district court judge refused last month to halt the investigation .	A federal district court judge refused last month to halt the investigation .	the_a	2618
The date for those hearings has not been set .	A date for those hearings has not been set .	the_a	2619
The second attempt also failed leaving them facing expulsion from the UK .	A second attempt also failed leaving them facing expulsion from the UK .	the_a	2620
" The profile by G. G. , " they all replied .	" A profile by G. G. , " they all replied .	the_a	2621
The asteroid tugboat would attach to a NEO and deliver a speed-altering nudge .	An asteroid tugboat would attach to a NEO and deliver a speed-altering nudge .	the_a	2622
The BBC video obituary available here shows both of them .	A BBC video obituary available here shows both of them .	the_a	2623
The administrative court will decide whether to press charges against the Scientologists .	An administrative court will decide whether to press charges against the Scientologists .	the_a	2624
The free press is critical to good government .	A free press is critical to good government .	the_a	2625
The leather- wrapped curved bench replaces the third-row seats .	A leather- wrapped curved bench replaces the third-row seats .	the_a	2626
The private funeral is planned .	A private funeral is planned .	the_a	2627
The police spokeswoman said that investigations into the attack were continuing .	A police spokeswoman said that investigations into the attack were continuing .	the_a	2628
For the while the photograph held its place in my scrapbook .	For a while the photograph held its place in my scrapbook .	the_a	2629
The statesman is a politician who 's been dead for 15 years .	A statesman is a politician who 's been dead for 15 years .	the_a	2630
The couple tried to coordinate a ride home .	A couple tried to coordinate a ride home .	the_a	2631
Two of his friends and the interpreter were killed in the explosion .	Two of his friends and an interpreter were killed in the explosion .	the_a	2632
During the tour of the school , there were several moments of upheaval .	During a tour of the school , there were several moments of upheaval .	the_a	2633
The man was left unconscious following a fight in an Essex street .	A man was left unconscious following a fight in an Essex street .	the_a	2634
The hazardous materials crew was called to determine whether there was any danger .	A hazardous materials crew was called to determine whether there was any danger .	the_a	2635
" " The lot more was going on .	" " A lot more was going on .	the_a	2636
The customer with a plate of tofu , rice and vegetables nodded .	A customer with a plate of tofu , rice and vegetables nodded .	the_a	2637
Yet the quarter later , he would been cleared to play .	Yet a quarter later , he would been cleared to play .	the_a	2638
The boy planned to become a structural engineer .	A boy planned to become a structural engineer .	the_a	2639
But the feud is festering , bless its heart .	But a feud is festering , bless its heart .	the_a	2640
The house also collapsed , but the residents went to the hospital themselves .	A house also collapsed , but the residents went to the hospital themselves .	the_a	2641
On TV , the life-sized pig sat atop the building .	On TV , a life-sized pig sat atop the building .	the_a	2642
The reading above 50 indicates economic expansion and below 50 indicates contraction .	A reading above 50 indicates economic expansion and below 50 indicates contraction .	the_a	2643
The tropical storm packs winds of 39 to 73 miles per hour .	A tropical storm packs winds of 39 to 73 miles per hour .	the_a	2644
And only the tiny fraction of our kids leave .	And only a tiny fraction of our kids leave .	the_a	2645
To the large degree , the companies regulate themselves .	To a large degree , the companies regulate themselves .	the_a	2646
Adler , the experienced bankruptcy judge , has been a stern taskmaster .	Adler , an experienced bankruptcy judge , has been a stern taskmaster .	the_a	2647
, in the newsletter on how to deal with rising energy prices .	, in a newsletter on how to deal with rising energy prices .	the_a	2648
For Sundermann , though , the minivan did not feel right .	For Sundermann , though , a minivan did not feel right .	the_a	2649
The typical frame costs $ 839 .	A typical frame costs $ 839 .	the_a	2650
The Merrill Lynch spokeswoman declined to comment yesterday .	A Merrill Lynch spokeswoman declined to comment yesterday .	the_a	2651
The U.S. based representative for Ford was not immediately available for comment .	A U.S. based representative for Ford was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	2652
The 17-year-old honor student had been accused by a 4-year-old of sexual assault .	A 17-year-old honor student had been accused by a 4-year-old of sexual assault .	the_a	2653
The woman was also arrested at the house for a controlled drug offence .	A woman was also arrested at the house for a controlled drug offence .	the_a	2654
The fourth hijacked aircraft crashed in Pennsylvania , killing all on board .	A fourth hijacked aircraft crashed in Pennsylvania , killing all on board .	the_a	2655
The camera takes a picture looking at the temperature gradient .	A camera takes a picture looking at the temperature gradient .	the_a	2656
The universe separates the two pictures , painted some 90 years apart .	A universe separates the two pictures , painted some 90 years apart .	the_a	2657
But the third of residents have not returned .	But a third of residents have not returned .	the_a	2658
Sport and the good diet need to be on the menu in Scotland .	Sport and a good diet need to be on the menu in Scotland .	the_a	2659
The attempt to leave an after-hours phone message for county counsel was unsuccessful .	An attempt to leave an after-hours phone message for county counsel was unsuccessful .	the_a	2660
On Thursday , the Multi-National Division-Baghdad soldier was killed and another was wounded .	On Thursday , a Multi-National Division-Baghdad soldier was killed and another was wounded .	the_a	2661
In the worst-case scenario , the economy could slide into a recession .	In a worst-case scenario , the economy could slide into a recession .	the_a	2662
The password is needed to access that feature .	A password is needed to access that feature .	the_a	2663
The second man was taken to hospital before being discharged .	A second man was taken to hospital before being discharged .	the_a	2664
" com " part of the address - must use English characters .	" com " part of an address - must use English characters .	the_a	2665
McNeill , the former assistant pro , has not won on tour .	McNeill , a former assistant pro , has not won on tour .	the_a	2666
The full report on the incident will be submitted to the procurator fiscal .	A full report on the incident will be submitted to the procurator fiscal .	the_a	2667
In the interview , Slates questioned whether it was a real Rolex .	In an interview , Slates questioned whether it was a real Rolex .	the_a	2668
The key was conducting the reaction in water , Jamison said .	A key was conducting the reaction in water , Jamison said .	the_a	2669
The year later , Lisa was born .	A year later , Lisa was born .	the_a	2670
-- the lob , then held up a fist .	-- a lob , then held up a fist .	the_a	2671
The contract does not have to be complicated .	A contract does not have to be complicated .	the_a	2672
The 1970s autographed sneaker from Julius Erving recently sold for $ 700 .	A 1970s autographed sneaker from Julius Erving recently sold for $ 700 .	the_a	2673
The table implies a possible interrogation , a demand for facts .	A table implies a possible interrogation , a demand for facts .	the_a	2674
But now the different picture is emerging .	But now a different picture is emerging .	the_a	2675
Indexation The private search by Fossett 's family and friends continued last week .	Indexation A private search by Fossett 's family and friends continued last week .	the_a	2676
About the third were lost in combat .	About a third were lost in combat .	the_a	2677
The high-level official delegation is expected to accompany him .	A high-level official delegation is expected to accompany him .	the_a	2678
The suspect has been arrested and is being questioned by police .	A suspect has been arrested and is being questioned by police .	the_a	2679
On the year-on-year basis , core producer prices were up 2.0 percent .	On a year-on-year basis , core producer prices were up 2.0 percent .	the_a	2680
Luc Richard Mbah the Moute finished it off .	Luc Richard Mbah a Moute finished it off .	the_a	2681
The chat ensues .	A chat ensues .	the_a	2682
The five-storey building can take six months to complete .	A five-storey building can take six months to complete .	the_a	2683
The final report will be published in summer 2008 .	A final report will be published in summer 2008 .	the_a	2684
The estimated 16,000 PCSOs currently patrol the streets of England and Wales .	An estimated 16,000 PCSOs currently patrol the streets of England and Wales .	the_a	2685
Oh , what the character is Skinner !	Oh , what a character is Skinner !	the_a	2686
What the difference a day makes .	What a difference a day makes .	the_a	2687
Bernie , the accountant for an international firm , unleashed a face-spanning grin .	Bernie , an accountant for an international firm , unleashed a face-spanning grin .	the_a	2688
After the short return to action , Garrard was replaced by Quinn Gray .	After a short return to action , Garrard was replaced by Quinn Gray .	the_a	2689
The investigation into the blast is under way .	An investigation into the blast is under way .	the_a	2690
The senior Centcom officer concurred .	A senior Centcom officer concurred .	the_a	2691
In the brief speech , she showed her appreciation to her supporters .	In a brief speech , she showed her appreciation to her supporters .	the_a	2692
From the practical standpoint existing wind generators are virtually useless .	From a practical standpoint existing wind generators are virtually useless .	the_a	2693
The total of 206 qualified surveys were received .	A total of 206 qualified surveys were received .	the_a	2694
The empty TV dinner tray collected rainwater near the front door .	An empty TV dinner tray collected rainwater near the front door .	the_a	2695
The district policy prohibits employees from carrying firearms on school grounds .	A district policy prohibits employees from carrying firearms on school grounds .	the_a	2696
The Slipping Glimpse repeats at 3 p.m. today .	A Slipping Glimpse repeats at 3 p.m. today .	the_a	2697
The call to Madonna 's publicist was not immediately returned .	A call to Madonna 's publicist was not immediately returned .	the_a	2698
The Jordanian soldier is killed .	A Jordanian soldier is killed .	the_a	2699
The winner , the Australian wrangler , took home $ 10,000 .	The winner , an Australian wrangler , took home $ 10,000 .	the_a	2700
The message left with the diocese on Thursday was not immediately returned .	A message left with the diocese on Thursday was not immediately returned .	the_a	2701
The investigation into the incident will be launched , the official added .	An investigation into the incident will be launched , the official added .	the_a	2702
The one-day adult lift ticket is $ 54 .	A one-day adult lift ticket is $ 54 .	the_a	2703
Behind the placid pictures , the made-for-TV storm is looming .	Behind the placid pictures , a made-for-TV storm is looming .	the_a	2704
The long grey shawl was draped over his shoulders .	A long grey shawl was draped over his shoulders .	the_a	2705
, next to the abandoned lot that they have appropriated as a garden .	, next to an abandoned lot that they have appropriated as a garden .	the_a	2706
Reggie Torbor , the fourth-year linebacker , recalled when Ross was a novice .	Reggie Torbor , a fourth-year linebacker , recalled when Ross was a novice .	the_a	2707
The investigation is under way to find out how the accident happened .	An investigation is under way to find out how the accident happened .	the_a	2708
The year is fulfilment .	A year is fulfilment .	the_a	2709
The 59-year-old pedestrian has died after being hit by a van in Worcestershire .	A 59-year-old pedestrian has died after being hit by a van in Worcestershire .	the_a	2710
Perhaps the new friend will turn this year less solitary ?	Perhaps a new friend will turn this year less solitary ?	the_a	2711
" The sexual motive is probable , " he said .	" A sexual motive is probable , " he said .	the_a	2712
The victory there by Mrs Clinton could end it almost before it begins .	A victory there by Mrs Clinton could end it almost before it begins .	the_a	2713
The lot of those plans have been scuttled .	A lot of those plans have been scuttled .	the_a	2714
Sandwiches , sausages and the few main courses follow .	Sandwiches , sausages and a few main courses follow .	the_a	2715
The strong bill to mandate disclosure sits waiting in Congress .	A strong bill to mandate disclosure sits waiting in Congress .	the_a	2716
The archive of the presentation will be available for replay following the conference .	An archive of the presentation will be available for replay following the conference .	the_a	2717
The service charge is 15 percent additional .	A service charge is 15 percent additional .	the_a	2718
In the interview Thursday , he blamed shady distributors and counterfeiters .	In an interview Thursday , he blamed shady distributors and counterfeiters .	the_a	2719
Almost the year more at work each decade .	Almost a year more at work each decade .	the_a	2720
The Taliban spokesman told The Associated Press its militants were not responsible .	A Taliban spokesman told The Associated Press its militants were not responsible .	the_a	2721
Only the minimal percentage of non-Latin stations are playing the song .	Only a minimal percentage of non-Latin stations are playing the song .	the_a	2722
The league spokesman said the NFL had no comment .	A league spokesman said the NFL had no comment .	the_a	2723
In the few weeks he had four offers .	In a few weeks he had four offers .	the_a	2724
The gigantic room on the ground level was available for $ 800 .	A gigantic room on the ground level was available for $ 800 .	the_a	2725
The on-demand replay will be available shortly after the conclusion of the presentation .	An on-demand replay will be available shortly after the conclusion of the presentation .	the_a	2726
In Saudi Arabia the woman cannot drive or go to a mixed gym .	In Saudi Arabia a woman cannot drive or go to a mixed gym .	the_a	2727
The Tribute to Béjart WABC-TV 's Mark Crudele contributed to this report .	A Tribute to Béjart WABC-TV 's Mark Crudele contributed to this report .	the_a	2728
After the while , the river does what it always does .	After a while , the river does what it always does .	the_a	2729
In the village , something like that gets noticed .	In a village , something like that gets noticed .	the_a	2730
The estimated 11,000 people died .	An estimated 11,000 people died .	the_a	2731
The Michigan win is expected but not a given .	A Michigan win is expected but not a given .	the_a	2732
Down the short dirt road , another lake now teems with fish .	Down a short dirt road , another lake now teems with fish .	the_a	2733
The ban remains on religious political parties .	A ban remains on religious political parties .	the_a	2734
But the interplanetary journey will present other hazards not addressed in this experiment .	But an interplanetary journey will present other hazards not addressed in this experiment .	the_a	2735
The course of three months of the drug is typical , he sas .	A course of three months of the drug is typical , he sas .	the_a	2736
The OSCE , the leading democracy watchdog , often sends monitors to elections .	The OSCE , a leading democracy watchdog , often sends monitors to elections .	the_a	2737
As a result , the party of power has emerged .	As a result , a party of power has emerged .	the_a	2738
To the right of the armoured jeep , the soldier has been hit .	To the right of the armoured jeep , a soldier has been hit .	the_a	2739
The very fair swap , I thought , as I wolfed it down .	A very fair swap , I thought , as I wolfed it down .	the_a	2740
The man barreled down Danby Slide on an inner tube .	A man barreled down Danby Slide on an inner tube .	the_a	2741
In the few years , maybe we will go ahead .	In a few years , maybe we will go ahead .	the_a	2742
In the puff , he will be gone with the breeze .	In a puff , he will be gone with the breeze .	the_a	2743
The return trip at the weekend will cost at least £ 299 .	A return trip at the weekend will cost at least £ 299 .	the_a	2744
The majority are either new members of NATO or aspire to membership .	A majority are either new members of NATO or aspire to membership .	the_a	2745
At this point , two parts of the hoarder 's brain become active .	At this point , two parts of a hoarder 's brain become active .	the_a	2746
The new site in South Natick will also expand coverage along Route 16 .	A new site in South Natick will also expand coverage along Route 16 .	the_a	2747
And for the long time we had a big section in 1985 .	And for a long time we had a big section in 1985 .	the_a	2748
The few days later , Mr. DiPrinzio and Ms. Garson got their lease .	A few days later , Mr. DiPrinzio and Ms. Garson got their lease .	the_a	2749
The key factor appears to be consultation time .	A key factor appears to be consultation time .	the_a	2750
The autopsy showed a burst blood vessel in his neck near his brain .	An autopsy showed a burst blood vessel in his neck near his brain .	the_a	2751
The freshman teacher steps outside her classroom and beckons him .	A freshman teacher steps outside her classroom and beckons him .	the_a	2752
But the great ear for dialogue does not make a great play .	But a great ear for dialogue does not make a great play .	the_a	2753
The demonstration in September brought 20,000 people onto the streets of Jena .	A demonstration in September brought 20,000 people onto the streets of Jena .	the_a	2754
For the minute neither of them said anything .	For a minute neither of them said anything .	the_a	2755
The dozen armed court officers looked on .	A dozen armed court officers looked on .	the_a	2756
However , the U-turn by the government led to the title being retained .	However , a U-turn by the government led to the title being retained .	the_a	2757
The strike could shut down most Broadway theaters .	A strike could shut down most Broadway theaters .	the_a	2758
In the moment of weakness , I had staged a coup d 'moi .	In a moment of weakness , I had staged a coup d 'moi .	the_a	2759
Yet the convenience of the large supermarket within walking distance is undeniable .	Yet the convenience of a large supermarket within walking distance is undeniable .	the_a	2760
The munitions custodian officer is supposed to keep track of the nuclear warheads .	A munitions custodian officer is supposed to keep track of the nuclear warheads .	the_a	2761
The platinum-blond prosecutor punctuates a silent doubt with a hair toss .	A platinum-blond prosecutor punctuates a silent doubt with a hair toss .	the_a	2762
On the street outside , the television is tuned to the news .	On the street outside , a television is tuned to the news .	the_a	2763
On the large screen was the computer graphic-generated 3-D world of his avatar .	On a large screen was the computer graphic-generated 3-D world of his avatar .	the_a	2764
The prosecutor said charges were expected to follow on Wednesday .	A prosecutor said charges were expected to follow on Wednesday .	the_a	2765
The second later , a bomb exploded and killed 23 other people .	A second later , a bomb exploded and killed 23 other people .	the_a	2766
Several European countries seed clouds in the attempt to prevent hail from falling .	Several European countries seed clouds in an attempt to prevent hail from falling .	the_a	2767
The government source , declining to be named , was even more cautious .	A government source , declining to be named , was even more cautious .	the_a	2768
Instead of 37-year-old Ivanova , the new generation took over .	Instead of 37-year-old Ivanova , a new generation took over .	the_a	2769
But the protracted stalemate over the town of Badme continues .	But a protracted stalemate over the town of Badme continues .	the_a	2770
The recession that began in March 2001 ended that November .	A recession that began in March 2001 ended that November .	the_a	2771
Edwards , the South Carolina native , won the state primary in 2004 .	Edwards , a South Carolina native , won the state primary in 2004 .	the_a	2772
The lower number of blends the candidate has the better !	The lower number of blends a candidate has the better !	the_a	2773
The man was taken into custody near the shooting scene within an hour .	A man was taken into custody near the shooting scene within an hour .	the_a	2774
Rushes-yards 25-91 34-90 Ferrera : Anyone with the phone is a paparazzi .	Rushes-yards 25-91 34-90 Ferrera : Anyone with a phone is a paparazzi .	the_a	2775
The week later she got a letter warning of legal action .	A week later she got a letter warning of legal action .	the_a	2776
Such the game would be a sell-out .	Such a game would be a sell-out .	the_a	2777
The dozen bodyguards wearing assault rifles joined U.S. soldiers to flank Bremer .	A dozen bodyguards wearing assault rifles joined U.S. soldiers to flank Bremer .	the_a	2778
The security zone , patrolled by UN forces , separates the two countries .	A security zone , patrolled by UN forces , separates the two countries .	the_a	2779
The 1950s era barn behind the home was demolished , he said .	A 1950s era barn behind the home was demolished , he said .	the_a	2780
The Mass to honor the Fire Department 's Third Division , main altar .	A Mass to honor the Fire Department 's Third Division , main altar .	the_a	2781
" " The lot of times I tolerate an awful lot .	" " A lot of times I tolerate an awful lot .	the_a	2782
The recent test flight launched from New Mexico provided support for the concept .	A recent test flight launched from New Mexico provided support for the concept .	the_a	2783
Prediction : 1-1 The judge 's decision can be appealed .	Prediction : 1-1 A judge 's decision can be appealed .	the_a	2784
In one wall , the outline of the bricked-up archway remains .	In one wall , the outline of a bricked-up archway remains .	the_a	2785
The good place to start your project .	A good place to start your project .	the_a	2786
If the tchotchke cannot pass this test , out it goes .	If a tchotchke cannot pass this test , out it goes .	the_a	2787
The Taliban spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment .	A Taliban spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment .	the_a	2788
Today the new generation of young drivers is coming through the system .	Today a new generation of young drivers is coming through the system .	the_a	2789
For the lot of us it really has not sunk in .	For a lot of us it really has not sunk in .	the_a	2790
EDITOR 'S NOTE : The breakdown of Pennsylvania 's employment statistics follows .	EDITOR 'S NOTE : A breakdown of Pennsylvania 's employment statistics follows .	the_a	2791
The 18-year-old man has been critically injured in a road accident in Ayrshire .	AN 18-year-old man has been critically injured in a road accident in Ayrshire .	the_a	2792
The better price Hotels are expensive .	A better price Hotels are expensive .	the_a	2793
But for the Buddhist this is a terrible crime .	But for a Buddhist this is a terrible crime .	the_a	2794
And , to the extent , it does .	And , to an extent , it does .	the_a	2795
A. Have the phone conversation instead of using e-mail , Mr. Oldman said .	A. Have a phone conversation instead of using e-mail , Mr. Oldman said .	the_a	2796
The nurse 's improper use of syringes was said to be the cause .	A nurse 's improper use of syringes was said to be the cause .	the_a	2797
Now , the entire family history is being deconstructed .	Now , an entire family history is being deconstructed .	the_a	2798
Each season the cluster of difficult-to-wear and baffling trends emerge from the catwalk .	Each season a cluster of difficult-to-wear and baffling trends emerge from the catwalk .	the_a	2799
The bad job lies in the eye of the beholder .	A bad job lies in the eye of the beholder .	the_a	2800
After the week like this , he does not have to .	After a week like this , he does not have to .	the_a	2801
Then , over the frantic weekend , Nasdaq and Dubai joined forces .	Then , over a frantic weekend , Nasdaq and Dubai joined forces .	the_a	2802
About the dozen U.S. Airways and United Airlines flights were listed as delayed .	About a dozen U.S. Airways and United Airlines flights were listed as delayed .	the_a	2803
On the personal note , in my youth , I attended segregated schools .	On a personal note , in my youth , I attended segregated schools .	the_a	2804
Clearly , the growing number of families agree .	Clearly , a growing number of families agree .	the_a	2805
The total of 808 candidates ran , representing nine parties with 12 independents .	A total of 808 candidates ran , representing nine parties with 12 independents .	the_a	2806
The total of 25,708 filings on 16,079 properties were reported .	A total of 25,708 filings on 16,079 properties were reported .	the_a	2807
But the good team would have put 60 points past Viadana .	But a good team would have put 60 points past Viadana .	the_a	2808
The decision from the Belgian court is expected within two weeks .	A decision from the Belgian court is expected within two weeks .	the_a	2809
The post-mortem examination is expected to take place later .	A post-mortem examination is expected to take place later .	the_a	2810
People with the abnormal copy of this gene have speech and language problems .	People with an abnormal copy of this gene have speech and language problems .	the_a	2811
The phone message seeking comment from Grenier was not immediately returned .	A phone message seeking comment from Grenier was not immediately returned .	the_a	2812
The $ 250,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arsonist .	A $ 250,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arsonist .	the_a	2813
John W. Keker , the lawyer for Lerach , declined comment yesterday .	John W. Keker , a lawyer for Lerach , declined comment yesterday .	the_a	2814
Apparently the lunch with Hillary Clinton would be one to remember .	Apparently a lunch with Hillary Clinton would be one to remember .	the_a	2815
The third of heart failure patients die within two years .	A third of heart failure patients die within two years .	the_a	2816
Basically , the security freeze puts your credit into a kind of lockdown .	Basically , a security freeze puts your credit into a kind of lockdown .	the_a	2817
The 11-inch panel is smaller than regular copier paper used in office .	An 11-inch panel is smaller than regular copier paper used in office .	the_a	2818
' " Within the hour , most of the shopping was completed .	' " Within an hour , most of the shopping was completed .	the_a	2819
The battle ensues .	A battle ensues .	the_a	2820
The public school teacher in the city starts at $ 43,000 .	A public school teacher in the city starts at $ 43,000 .	the_a	2821
The broader problem is how to change the police department 's culture .	A broader problem is how to change the police department 's culture .	the_a	2822
The single to Sanga is the only run yielded from Colly 's over .	A single to Sanga is the only run yielded from Colly 's over .	the_a	2823
In June , the computer glitch at United Airlines delayed nearly 270 flights .	In June , a computer glitch at United Airlines delayed nearly 270 flights .	the_a	2824
Earlier , the high-ranking government official said 64 people had died .	Earlier , a high-ranking government official said 64 people had died .	the_a	2825
The number of those performances also will make it into the all-music remix .	A number of those performances also will make it into the all-music remix .	the_a	2826
Montgomery 's attorneys and the spokesman for Stinnett 's family declined to comment .	Montgomery 's attorneys and a spokesman for Stinnett 's family declined to comment .	the_a	2827
The officer said one corpse was also recovered from the sea .	An officer said one corpse was also recovered from the sea .	the_a	2828
Even in the meaningless game , La Russa did not manage conventionally .	Even in a meaningless game , La Russa did not manage conventionally .	the_a	2829
EDT on Friday , the port spokesman said .	EDT on Friday , a port spokesman said .	the_a	2830
Scotty ( Verplank , the US teammate ) says I smell different .	Scotty ( Verplank , a US teammate ) says I smell different .	the_a	2831
The expansion of private TV and radio services is under way .	An expansion of private TV and radio services is under way .	the_a	2832
One woman outside the school in Nairobi even fainted .	One woman outside a school in Nairobi even fainted .	the_a	2833
All that off the Whitehill throw-in that was nodded on by Wambach .	All that off a Whitehill throw-in that was nodded on by Wambach .	the_a	2834
The woman had been laid next to a child , presumably her daughter .	A woman had been laid next to a child , presumably her daughter .	the_a	2835
The PEER was recovering in hospital last night after collapsing in parliament mid-debate .	A PEER was recovering in hospital last night after collapsing in parliament mid-debate .	the_a	2836
With the dusting of cayenne , it takes on a Mexican approach .	With a dusting of cayenne , it takes on a Mexican approach .	the_a	2837
The second attack a year later toppled the towering minarets of the shrine .	A second attack a year later toppled the towering minarets of the shrine .	the_a	2838
The DJ performs as people dance to tecnobrega music in Belem , Brazil .	A DJ performs as people dance to tecnobrega music in Belem , Brazil .	the_a	2839
The idea about one new way forward emerged .	An idea about one new way forward emerged .	the_a	2840
Still , the wide gap remained between the two sides .	Still , a wide gap remained between the two sides .	the_a	2841
1991 - The peace agreement is signed in Paris .	1991 - A peace agreement is signed in Paris .	the_a	2842
Harmony , the miniature Yorkie , who Worley believes is about 8-years-old .	Harmony , a miniature Yorkie , who Worley believes is about 8-years-old .	the_a	2843
The helicopter is due to rejoin the search at first light .	A helicopter is due to rejoin the search at first light .	the_a	2844
Hall blogs three days the week and features Goodwill finds on Tuesdays .	Hall blogs three days a week and features Goodwill finds on Tuesdays .	the_a	2845
The new enzyme called Acrylaway addresses this problem .	A new enzyme called Acrylaway addresses this problem .	the_a	2846
The 36-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death .	A 36-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death .	the_a	2847
The Democrat would probably support many of the ideas .	A Democrat would probably support many of the ideas .	the_a	2848
The Genoese Cristoforo Colombo almost certainly did exist .	A Genoese Cristoforo Colombo almost certainly did exist .	the_a	2849
1951 - The new generation of Kurdish nationalists revives the KDP .	1951 - A new generation of Kurdish nationalists revives the KDP .	the_a	2850
Without the championship , everything else is just numbers .	Without a championship , everything else is just numbers .	the_a	2851
The modest crowd of 8,000 is expected .	A modest crowd of 8,000 is expected .	the_a	2852
The trickle of non-Russians have found a novel way to spend their weekends .	A trickle of non-Russians have found a novel way to spend their weekends .	the_a	2853
The sizable portion of the country 's oil reserves are in the north .	A sizable portion of the country 's oil reserves are in the north .	the_a	2854
The Polish security guard and two Iraqi bystanders were killed .	A Polish security guard and two Iraqi bystanders were killed .	the_a	2855
The re-investigation of his murder continues .	A re-investigation of his murder continues .	the_a	2856
Transport aid for rural residents What the tale to tell .	Transport aid for rural residents What a tale to tell .	the_a	2857
The lot of the pressure is on them right now .	A lot of the pressure is on them right now .	the_a	2858
Meredith Libbey , the spokeswoman with Ford Motor Credit Company , agreed .	Meredith Libbey , a spokeswoman with Ford Motor Credit Company , agreed .	the_a	2859
The appeal could take months , even years .	An appeal could take months , even years .	the_a	2860
The great jumping star is owned by everyone who sets eyes on him .	A great jumping star is owned by everyone who sets eyes on him .	the_a	2861
The man is critically ill in hospital after a hit-and-crash in Staffordshire .	A man is critically ill in hospital after a hit-and-crash in Staffordshire .	the_a	2862
Though hardly the newcomer , Wayne Wang is the rediscovery of the festival .	Though hardly a newcomer , Wayne Wang is the rediscovery of the festival .	the_a	2863
The Renewed Bid For Mini-Unions Those 135 lawsuits have been reduced to 10 .	A Renewed Bid For Mini-Unions Those 135 lawsuits have been reduced to 10 .	the_a	2864
The similar exercise has been carried out in the nearby River Dove .	A similar exercise has been carried out in the nearby River Dove .	the_a	2865
The $ 200 ticket includes more than 25 handmade cigars .	A $ 200 ticket includes more than 25 handmade cigars .	the_a	2866
The police investigation later found nothing " untoward " in Katya 's death .	A police investigation later found nothing " untoward " in Katya 's death .	the_a	2867
Pain of the immigrant We do not know what went on .	Pain of an immigrant We do not know what went on .	the_a	2868
The smile was impossible .	A smile was impossible .	the_a	2869
The son , Bion Franklin , died in 1999 .	A son , Bion Franklin , died in 1999 .	the_a	2870
Perhaps the change is in order ?	Perhaps a change is in order ?	the_a	2871
How angry can the mother afford to be ?	How angry can a mother afford to be ?	the_a	2872
The grenade struck his Humvee in Baghdad .	A grenade struck his Humvee in Baghdad .	the_a	2873
Then the week went by and I was in and out of consciousness .	Then a week went by and I was in and out of consciousness .	the_a	2874
The separate new study suggests monkeys use it , too .	A separate new study suggests monkeys use it , too .	the_a	2875
The seven-person flight crew also would be charged with complicity , he said .	A seven-person flight crew also would be charged with complicity , he said .	the_a	2876
Sara Mourad , the 20-year-old student , stood under her umbrella .	Sara Mourad , a 20-year-old student , stood under her umbrella .	the_a	2877
The announcement from the union could come soon , they added .	An announcement from the union could come soon , they added .	the_a	2878
Lauer 's like the virgin veteran , an old hand who seems inexperienced .	Lauer 's like a virgin veteran , an old hand who seems inexperienced .	the_a	2879
- the lob , then held up a fist .	- a lob , then held up a fist .	the_a	2880
The makeshift bomb exploded near their vehicle in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near their vehicle in Baghdad .	the_a	2881
The suicide car bomb attack also killed four Iraqi commandos Saturday .	A suicide car bomb attack also killed four Iraqi commandos Saturday .	the_a	2882
The 39-foot-thick concrete anchor prevented the test structure itself from flying into orbit .	A 39-foot-thick concrete anchor prevented the test structure itself from flying into orbit .	the_a	2883
The court-appointed lawyer for Demmler did not return calls yesterday .	A court-appointed lawyer for Demmler did not return calls yesterday .	the_a	2884
The little might fall out .	A little might fall out .	the_a	2885
The university student has been found dead in a house in central Italy .	A university student has been found dead in a house in central Italy .	the_a	2886
The New York-Caribbean trip in winter means a few cold days at sea .	A New York-Caribbean trip in winter means a few cold days at sea .	the_a	2887
The 19-year-old lives in the rehabilitation center and can no longer feed himself .	The 19-year-old lives in a rehabilitation center and can no longer feed himself .	the_a	2888
The voice sounding like Simpson 's began shouting .	A voice sounding like Simpson 's began shouting .	the_a	2889
The Marine Corps spokesman , Lt. Col. Sean Gibson , declined to comment .	A Marine Corps spokesman , Lt. Col. Sean Gibson , declined to comment .	the_a	2890
The New Strategy Robb Mohr said his wife believed .	A New Strategy Robb Mohr said his wife believed .	the_a	2891
The JPMorgan spokesman declined to comment .	A JPMorgan spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	2892
The plastic paint can with a spout .	A plastic paint can with a spout .	the_a	2893
The private equity firm owns the majority stake of Burt 's Bees .	A private equity firm owns the majority stake of Burt 's Bees .	the_a	2894
The Bhutto aide said Friday her return would go ahead as planned .	A Bhutto aide said Friday her return would go ahead as planned .	the_a	2895
Even the few officials are breaking ranks to predict catastrophe .	Even a few officials are breaking ranks to predict catastrophe .	the_a	2896
The bout of food poisoning was next .	A bout of food poisoning was next .	the_a	2897
the reporter asks .	a reporter asks .	the_a	2898
The anonymous donor gave $ 125,000 for the down payment .	An anonymous donor gave $ 125,000 for the down payment .	the_a	2899
The fifth suspect remains at large .	A fifth suspect remains at large .	the_a	2900
The joint U.S.-Iraqi investigation is ongoing .	A joint U.S.-Iraqi investigation is ongoing .	the_a	2901
With the thumping heart , I said yes immediately .	With a thumping heart , I said yes immediately .	the_a	2902
The Tiger Goes on a Rampage : Can It Happen Here ?	A Tiger Goes on a Rampage : Can It Happen Here ?	the_a	2903
The majority of Iran 's nearly 70 million people are Shiite Muslims .	A majority of Iran 's nearly 70 million people are Shiite Muslims .	the_a	2904
The 15-second ad for Pepsi-Cola will appear before each minisode .	A 15-second ad for Pepsi-Cola will appear before each minisode .	the_a	2905
The search for Mr. Edgar 's replacement will begin immediately .	A search for Mr. Edgar 's replacement will begin immediately .	the_a	2906
But the AP reporter managed to meet PKK officials there late Friday .	But an AP reporter managed to meet PKK officials there late Friday .	the_a	2907
The ornate chest was another find .	An ornate chest was another find .	the_a	2908
The larger blast quickly followed , destroying two police vans .	A larger blast quickly followed , destroying two police vans .	the_a	2909
The competitive race is expected in 2008 .	A competitive race is expected in 2008 .	the_a	2910
The adult passport currently costs £ 72 .	An adult passport currently costs £ 72 .	the_a	2911
The total of 148,000 couples were divorced in Britain last year .	A total of 148,000 couples were divorced in Britain last year .	the_a	2912
The preliminary report is due to lawmakers by September .	A preliminary report is due to lawmakers by September .	the_a	2913
The lot depends on the Fed 's next move .	A lot depends on the Fed 's next move .	the_a	2914
One in the occasional series of dispatches from parties you should have crashed .	One in an occasional series of dispatches from parties you should have crashed .	the_a	2915
The Afghan guard and driver were also abducted and later released .	An Afghan guard and driver were also abducted and later released .	the_a	2916
But just how bad the problem are they ?	But just how bad a problem are they ?	the_a	2917
During the 10-game span in December , they won only twice .	During a 10-game span in December , they won only twice .	the_a	2918
The Ultra-Orthodox Jew walks through the ancient limestone quarry .	An Ultra-Orthodox Jew walks through the ancient limestone quarry .	the_a	2919
The " counter-revolutionary uprising " against the confiscation of monastery property is suppressed .	A " counter-revolutionary uprising " against the confiscation of monastery property is suppressed .	the_a	2920
The boy throws a girl 's pen out the window .	A boy throws a girl 's pen out the window .	the_a	2921
The number of civilians were injured in the clash , the coalition said .	A number of civilians were injured in the clash , the coalition said .	the_a	2922
Heck , for the time he even forgets to shave .	Heck , for a time he even forgets to shave .	the_a	2923
The outburst of any nature would have been justified .	An outburst of any nature would have been justified .	the_a	2924
The court spokeswoman said they were not represented by lawyers .	A court spokeswoman said they were not represented by lawyers .	the_a	2925
The date for the appeal hearing has not yet been set .	A date for the appeal hearing has not yet been set .	the_a	2926
The similar study using the same vaccine is currently ongoing in Hong Kong .	A similar study using the same vaccine is currently ongoing in Hong Kong .	the_a	2927
After nearly the four-year absence , Connecticut is back at No. 1 .	After nearly a four-year absence , Connecticut is back at No. 1 .	the_a	2928
The decision likely would come before it adjourns at the end of June .	A decision likely would come before it adjourns at the end of June .	the_a	2929
The post-mortem examination is taking place on Monday .	A post-mortem examination is taking place on Monday .	the_a	2930
The spokeswoman for Merrill Lynch declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for Merrill Lynch declined to comment .	the_a	2931
The loss of the potential double would haunt the Indians in the fifth .	The loss of a potential double would haunt the Indians in the fifth .	the_a	2932
The Your best bet probably is eBay .	A Your best bet probably is eBay .	the_a	2933
The motorboat made slow progress across the horizon .	A motorboat made slow progress across the horizon .	the_a	2934
Only the few provinces remain uncounted , and those are considered Kibaki strongholds .	Only a few provinces remain uncounted , and those are considered Kibaki strongholds .	the_a	2935
The spokesman said the former premier was expected back in a week .	A spokesman said the former premier was expected back in a week .	the_a	2936
If so , the tissue may be all the treatment you need .	If so , a tissue may be all the treatment you need .	the_a	2937
In one recent incident the firework was set-off at a fire engine .	In one recent incident a firework was set-off at a fire engine .	the_a	2938
But the warning buried in a footnote does not always make the headlines .	But a warning buried in a footnote does not always make the headlines .	the_a	2939
The Comair jet took off from a too-short runway in Lexington , Ky .	A Comair jet took off from a too-short runway in Lexington , Ky .	the_a	2940
The troll wears scraps of Cinderella 's ball gown as a loincloth .	A troll wears scraps of Cinderella 's ball gown as a loincloth .	the_a	2941
Last Thursday the statue of David Lloyd George was unveiled in Parliament Square .	Last Thursday a statue of David Lloyd George was unveiled in Parliament Square .	the_a	2942
The French judged ruled in 1999 that the crash was an accident .	A French judged ruled in 1999 that the crash was an accident .	the_a	2943
The spokeswoman for Mayor Rudy Clay said Thursday he had no comment .	A spokeswoman for Mayor Rudy Clay said Thursday he had no comment .	the_a	2944
The estimated 35 Taliban were also killed .	An estimated 35 Taliban were also killed .	the_a	2945
Word of the invitation to the orchestra came in August .	Word of an invitation to the orchestra came in August .	the_a	2946
The weekend 's truffling costs £ 2,800 for two people .	A weekend 's truffling costs £ 2,800 for two people .	the_a	2947
One-third of the second is not much .	One-third of a second is not much .	the_a	2948
The message left after business hours for Hurst was not immediately returned .	A message left after business hours for Hurst was not immediately returned .	the_a	2949
The preliminary hearing was scheduled for Friday .	A preliminary hearing was scheduled for Friday .	the_a	2950
The month later : Welcome , Ed .	A month later : Welcome , Ed .	the_a	2951
The cause of death will be determined by the Maricopa County Medical Examiner .	A cause of death will be determined by the Maricopa County Medical Examiner .	the_a	2952
The change to Warren 's set-up brought him instant rewards .	A change to Warren 's set-up brought him instant rewards .	the_a	2953
Last year the bird flu vaccine was approved for human use .	Last year a bird flu vaccine was approved for human use .	the_a	2954
The win would have secured Scotland 's first major tournament for a decade .	A win would have secured Scotland 's first major tournament for a decade .	the_a	2955
On the island like this everyone knows each other .	On an island like this everyone knows each other .	the_a	2956
The ruling is expected by early 2008 .	A ruling is expected by early 2008 .	the_a	2957
The typical charge , he said , was $ 8 an hour .	A typical charge , he said , was $ 8 an hour .	the_a	2958
" " The truly elected sovereign parliament is the only answer .	" " A truly elected sovereign parliament is the only answer .	the_a	2959
The defensive struggle , it is not .	A defensive struggle , it is not .	the_a	2960
The tribute to Gillmor was held in the House later Wednesday afternoon .	A tribute to Gillmor was held in the House later Wednesday afternoon .	the_a	2961
The telephone message left at Walters ' residence was not returned Sunday .	A telephone message left at Walters ' residence was not returned Sunday .	the_a	2962
Harpo Marx , also the silent performer , became a friend .	Harpo Marx , also a silent performer , became a friend .	the_a	2963
But first , the clarification or two about what I wrote .	But first , a clarification or two about what I wrote .	the_a	2964
The reading above 50 indicates expansion .	A reading above 50 indicates expansion .	the_a	2965
The message left with Hudgens ' representative was not immediately returned .	A message left with Hudgens ' representative was not immediately returned .	the_a	2966
The team of military accountants was set to work .	A team of military accountants was set to work .	the_a	2967
The major study is beginning in Britain to try to settle those questions .	A major study is beginning in Britain to try to settle those questions .	the_a	2968
More the concept that would work for both of us .	More a concept that would work for both of us .	the_a	2969
The prior Caesarean section was not the only factor which increased risk .	A prior Caesarean section was not the only factor which increased risk .	the_a	2970
The Merrill Lynch spokesman declined to comment Sunday .	A Merrill Lynch spokesman declined to comment Sunday .	the_a	2971
, the media marketing company that tracks the spa industry .	, a media marketing company that tracks the spa industry .	the_a	2972
The cool drizzle fell all day and continued into the evening .	A cool drizzle fell all day and continued into the evening .	the_a	2973
The post mortem examination will take place on Tuesday .	A post mortem examination will take place on Tuesday .	the_a	2974
For the full list of Gilde 's portfolio companies please visit the website .	For a full list of Gilde 's portfolio companies please visit the website .	the_a	2975
The hitless day will bring back reminders of the failures .	A hitless day will bring back reminders of the failures .	the_a	2976
M & The activity in the sector also provided a boost .	M & A activity in the sector also provided a boost .	the_a	2977
With the artificial tree , make sure it is flame-retardant .	With an artificial tree , make sure it is flame-retardant .	the_a	2978
For the moment neither May nor Jennifer said anything .	For a moment neither May nor Jennifer said anything .	the_a	2979
The Yellow body type is straight from the waist through the hips .	A Yellow body type is straight from the waist through the hips .	the_a	2980
The telephone message left with the company Tuesday was not immediately returned .	A telephone message left with the company Tuesday was not immediately returned .	the_a	2981
The Republican-led Congress passed a bill to compel doctors to reinsert the tube .	A Republican-led Congress passed a bill to compel doctors to reinsert the tube .	the_a	2982
Iraq : Rise of the Secret Unit So forget rock climbing and skiing .	Iraq : Rise of a Secret Unit So forget rock climbing and skiing .	the_a	2983
The suicide attack in eastern Algeria has killed 10 people .	A suicide attack in eastern Algeria has killed 10 people .	the_a	2984
The league spokesman said the fine was $ 7,500 .	A league spokesman said the fine was $ 7,500 .	the_a	2985
The critic and a champion review the general 's Capitol Hill testimony .	A critic and a champion review the general 's Capitol Hill testimony .	the_a	2986
The few waved .	A few waved .	the_a	2987
About the third of Tocopilla was without electricity .	About a third of Tocopilla was without electricity .	the_a	2988
' " The hand-held electronic device which plays word games called Say What ?	' " A hand-held electronic device which plays word games called Say What ?	the_a	2989
The lot of money and maneuvering got them here .	A lot of money and maneuvering got them here .	the_a	2990
The driver is pushing the waste into the corner in a forklift truck .	A driver is pushing the waste into the corner in a forklift truck .	the_a	2991
But the chemical burn like yours is one of them .	But a chemical burn like yours is one of them .	the_a	2992
The visit to the confessional or the doctor 's surgery is confidential .	A visit to the confessional or the doctor 's surgery is confidential .	the_a	2993
The big reason this bothers me is my children are allergic to dogs .	A big reason this bothers me is my children are allergic to dogs .	the_a	2994
The charter school for the musically inclined is in the advanced planning stage .	A charter school for the musically inclined is in the advanced planning stage .	the_a	2995
The landing at 2am on the coral sand beach went like clockwork .	The landing at 2am on a coral sand beach went like clockwork .	the_a	2996
Qureia , the former Palestinian prime minister , condemned the operation .	Qureia , a former Palestinian prime minister , condemned the operation .	the_a	2997
The tribute night was held at the Red Lion on Friday .	A tribute night was held at the Red Lion on Friday .	the_a	2998
In the boom , credit spreads are narrow .	In a boom , credit spreads are narrow .	the_a	2999
The formal announcement is expected in the coming weeks .	A formal announcement is expected in the coming weeks .	the_a	3000
The soccer team stopped on a practice pitch to watch him pass .	A soccer team stopped on a practice pitch to watch him pass .	the_a	3001
The possible fix is to go paperless .	A possible fix is to go paperless .	the_a	3002
The one-out single by Damon scored two more runs .	A one-out single by Damon scored two more runs .	the_a	3003
The potential Clinton-Giuliani race would pit two New Yorkers against each other .	A potential Clinton-Giuliani race would pit two New Yorkers against each other .	the_a	3004
The moving van had already pulled up outside .	A moving van had already pulled up outside .	the_a	3005
The larger problem for Crandell is his studentlike prose .	A larger problem for Crandell is his studentlike prose .	the_a	3006
For us , the successful season is to play in October .	For us , a successful season is to play in October .	the_a	3007
The civil engineer takes the problem apart .	A civil engineer takes the problem apart .	the_a	3008
The matchup with Courier or Martin could loom in Sunday 's final .	A matchup with Courier or Martin could loom in Sunday 's final .	the_a	3009
The bomber blew himself up just in front of our truck .	A bomber blew himself up just in front of our truck .	the_a	3010
The police spokeswoman said a motive had not yet been established .	A police spokeswoman said a motive had not yet been established .	the_a	3011
The Cantor spokesman declined to comment further on Mr. Goldman .	A Cantor spokesman declined to comment further on Mr. Goldman .	the_a	3012
If the U.S. policy was ever broken , this is it .	If a U.S. policy was ever broken , this is it .	the_a	3013
California Rep. Duncan Hunter , the Republican presidential hopeful , spoke after Clinton .	California Rep. Duncan Hunter , a Republican presidential hopeful , spoke after Clinton .	the_a	3014
The really fast mile would burn 125 calories , Popkin notes .	A really fast mile would burn 125 calories , Popkin notes .	the_a	3015
The house that was not lived in and about three outbuildings were destroyed .	A house that was not lived in and about three outbuildings were destroyed .	the_a	3016
The limited number of tickets will be sold at the gate .	A limited number of tickets will be sold at the gate .	the_a	3017
On the after tax basis , these charges approximated $ 1.8 million .	On an after tax basis , these charges approximated $ 1.8 million .	the_a	3018
The Columbia spokesman did not immediately return a request for comment .	A Columbia spokesman did not immediately return a request for comment .	the_a	3019
The broken valve caused the release of 28 times the reportable quantity .	A broken valve caused the release of 28 times the reportable quantity .	the_a	3020
The year is craftsmanship .	A year is craftsmanship .	the_a	3021
" " The people 's building should not be boastful or monumental .	" " A people 's building should not be boastful or monumental .	the_a	3022
With the major label deal , they now are tipped for mainstream success .	With a major label deal , they now are tipped for mainstream success .	the_a	3023
So the lot of companies got very rich , very fast .	So a lot of companies got very rich , very fast .	the_a	3024
The T-Mobile spokeswoman declined to comment .	A T-Mobile spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	3025
To Arthur Blank : The quarterback who loves dogs .	To Arthur Blank : A quarterback who loves dogs .	the_a	3026
The attorney for Reeves did not immediately return a phone message .	An attorney for Reeves did not immediately return a phone message .	the_a	3027
Yeah , the big thank you .	Yeah , a big thank you .	the_a	3028
Peter Allan , the non-executive director since 2005 , will become non-executive chairman .	Peter Allan , a non-executive director since 2005 , will become non-executive chairman .	the_a	3029
Rapidly , with the voracious lack of interest , observes Robert Draper .	Rapidly , with a voracious lack of interest , observes Robert Draper .	the_a	3030
But the little boy perched on a man 's shoulder glimpsed something .	But a little boy perched on a man 's shoulder glimpsed something .	the_a	3031
In the corner stands a bag of dirty cornstalks .	In a corner stands a bag of dirty cornstalks .	the_a	3032
The judge has issued a gag order in the case .	A judge has issued a gag order in the case .	the_a	3033
Only one in 100 deaths results in the patient being eligible to donate .	Only one in 100 deaths results in a patient being eligible to donate .	the_a	3034
To the man , they downplayed any notion of heroism .	To a man , they downplayed any notion of heroism .	the_a	3035
The Iraqi police officer inspects a car destroyed in the Blackwater incident .	An Iraqi police officer inspects a car destroyed in the Blackwater incident .	the_a	3036
Still , with the score of 26 , no one complained .	Still , with a score of 26 , no one complained .	the_a	3037
The monologue becomes inner dialogue .	A monologue becomes inner dialogue .	the_a	3038
The year later , Europe smoked them again .	A year later , Europe smoked them again .	the_a	3039
The state and federal corruption investigation uncovered crimes in his outside business dealings .	A state and federal corruption investigation uncovered crimes in his outside business dealings .	the_a	3040
The judge said the risk of serious injury justified the ban .	A judge said the risk of serious injury justified the ban .	the_a	3041
The bodice rips , one head falls .	A bodice rips , one head falls .	the_a	3042
The night like this , you just want to take it all in .	A night like this , you just want to take it all in .	the_a	3043
The UN tribunal is trying to settle the issue .	A UN tribunal is trying to settle the issue .	the_a	3044
And , like that , the potentially combustive episode was extinguished .	And , like that , a potentially combustive episode was extinguished .	the_a	3045
The murder charge was expected to be added Friday .	A murder charge was expected to be added Friday .	the_a	3046
The invasion : The perfect stranger pats your pregnant belly in public .	The invasion : A perfect stranger pats your pregnant belly in public .	the_a	3047
Once the pay level has been reached , it becomes a minimum .	Once a pay level has been reached , it becomes a minimum .	the_a	3048
His wife , with the master 's in child psychology , cannot work .	His wife , with a master 's in child psychology , cannot work .	the_a	3049
But the negative public backlash changed her mind , some British newspapers reported .	But a negative public backlash changed her mind , some British newspapers reported .	the_a	3050
The $ 10 permit is required to carry a camera .	A $ 10 permit is required to carry a camera .	the_a	3051
The pre-sentence report is being compiled before Vallejo is sentenced on 26 November .	A pre-sentence report is being compiled before Vallejo is sentenced on 26 November .	the_a	3052
But first the more pressing issue arises : her article .	But first a more pressing issue arises : her article .	the_a	3053
Even Google , the perennially bullish stock , dipped more than 5 percent .	Even Google , a perennially bullish stock , dipped more than 5 percent .	the_a	3054
The rigid job market hurts India 's ranking .	A rigid job market hurts India 's ranking .	the_a	3055
To the lesser extent , O 'Brien has the same advantage .	To a lesser extent , O 'Brien has the same advantage .	the_a	3056
What the clown - me , that is .	What a clown - me , that is .	the_a	3057
The fully electronic braking system should further improve on stopping times and distances .	A fully electronic braking system should further improve on stopping times and distances .	the_a	3058
The sprig or two of samphire takes it over the tenner mark .	A sprig or two of samphire takes it over the tenner mark .	the_a	3059
The grand jury refused to indict Dr. Anna Pou .	A grand jury refused to indict Dr. Anna Pou .	the_a	3060
The lot of people 's wealth is based on newly listed companies .	A lot of people 's wealth is based on newly listed companies .	the_a	3061
The closer look reveals a much different scene .	A closer look reveals a much different scene .	the_a	3062
In my opinion , the private reverse mortgage is a win-win situation .	In my opinion , a private reverse mortgage is a win-win situation .	the_a	3063
In the story posted Wednesday on the E !	In a story posted Wednesday on the E !	the_a	3064
The curtain touched the cooker setting the 30ft Avocet ablaze .	A curtain touched the cooker setting the 30ft Avocet ablaze .	the_a	3065
The Nkunda spokesman would not give a toll of the group 's casualties .	A Nkunda spokesman would not give a toll of the group 's casualties .	the_a	3066
The picture is worth a thousand words is their philosophy .	A picture is worth a thousand words is their philosophy .	the_a	3067
July 16 , 2007 issue - The true artist can find inspiration anywhere .	July 16 , 2007 issue - A true artist can find inspiration anywhere .	the_a	3068
The single completes the over .	A single completes the over .	the_a	3069
The team of awkward old English bastards fought the world to a standstill .	A team of awkward old English bastards fought the world to a standstill .	the_a	3070
The good team also agrees on the work terms and schedule .	A good team also agrees on the work terms and schedule .	the_a	3071
The number of Chinese companies are listed in the United States .	A number of Chinese companies are listed in the United States .	the_a	3072
The dozen others were convicted for belonging to an Islamist terror cell .	A dozen others were convicted for belonging to an Islamist terror cell .	the_a	3073
The person with a BMI between 25 and 29.9 is considered overweight .	A person with a BMI between 25 and 29.9 is considered overweight .	the_a	3074
The meltdown in the subprime mortgage market has rocked Wall Street .	A meltdown in the subprime mortgage market has rocked Wall Street .	the_a	3075
Next month , the different crowd will gather to watch another staged reading .	Next month , a different crowd will gather to watch another staged reading .	the_a	3076
The even bigger hurdle for the project is cost-efficiency .	An even bigger hurdle for the project is cost-efficiency .	the_a	3077
The serious threat was needed to resurrect students ' inner Sachka Yegulev .	A serious threat was needed to resurrect students ' inner Sachka Yegulev .	the_a	3078
The 30-day challenge at Bikram Yoga Charlottesville changed that .	A 30-day challenge at Bikram Yoga Charlottesville changed that .	the_a	3079
BASF , the chemicals company , plans to make the change next year .	BASF , a chemicals company , plans to make the change next year .	the_a	3080
The UAV , however , is more flexible .	A UAV , however , is more flexible .	the_a	3081
The $ 10 tourist registration card is also required .	A $ 10 tourist registration card is also required .	the_a	3082
The summary of patent submissions and evaluations is as follows : 1 .	A summary of patent submissions and evaluations is as follows : 1 .	the_a	3083
The MillerCoors headquarters was not announced .	A MillerCoors headquarters was not announced .	the_a	3084
The year later , it has become a local political phenomenon .	A year later , it has become a local political phenomenon .	the_a	3085
The panda gave birth to twin cubs through artificial insemination .	A panda gave birth to twin cubs through artificial insemination .	the_a	3086
The lover of expensive clothes , he is considered to be business friendly .	A lover of expensive clothes , he is considered to be business friendly .	the_a	3087
The two-year-girl died following a " freak playground accident " at a nursery .	A two-year-girl died following a " freak playground accident " at a nursery .	the_a	3088
But sometimes the rich past does not mean a riveting present .	But sometimes a rich past does not mean a riveting present .	the_a	3089
The hidden part of yourself is showing today .	A hidden part of yourself is showing today .	the_a	3090
The combined company would be known as Friends Financial .	A combined company would be known as Friends Financial .	the_a	3091
In the frozen nutshell , 60 years later and here we are .	In a frozen nutshell , 60 years later and here we are .	the_a	3092
Ms. Paolantonio , the freelancer , could not simply write a check .	Ms. Paolantonio , a freelancer , could not simply write a check .	the_a	3093
Its costs over the five-year period have been estimated at $ 35m .	Its costs over a five-year period have been estimated at $ 35m .	the_a	3094
The wide neckline also balances the hips .	A wide neckline also balances the hips .	the_a	3095
Thomas Rodig , the tweedy , soft-spoken man , helps run it .	Thomas Rodig , a tweedy , soft-spoken man , helps run it .	the_a	3096
The python caught and ate a calf in the park last month .	A python caught and ate a calf in the park last month .	the_a	3097
The vocal left keeps the party from drifting toward triangulation .	A vocal left keeps the party from drifting toward triangulation .	the_a	3098
The £ 375,000 refurbishment of parts of the A1 will start on Saturday .	A £ 375,000 refurbishment of parts of the A1 will start on Saturday .	the_a	3099
The similar single operator dominates the processing of field-scale vegetables .	A similar single operator dominates the processing of field-scale vegetables .	the_a	3100
The C-130 found nothing during a flyover Wednesday .	A C-130 found nothing during a flyover Wednesday .	the_a	3101
The Minnesota politician offers to introduce him to the sculptor .	A Minnesota politician offers to introduce him to the sculptor .	the_a	3102
When the match is made , the donor is contacted .	When a match is made , the donor is contacted .	the_a	3103
Like what the miserable first experience of sex most kids go through .	Like what a miserable first experience of sex most kids go through .	the_a	3104
The warning chime accompanies the messages .	A warning chime accompanies the messages .	the_a	3105
The summary of the restated balances is attached .	A summary of the restated balances is attached .	the_a	3106
The possibility of the Isadora Duncan-style tragedy was best avoided .	The possibility of an Isadora Duncan-style tragedy was best avoided .	the_a	3107
The 2D film can also be transformed into 3D using this process .	A 2D film can also be transformed into 3D using this process .	the_a	3108
The train will accommodate 20 riders .	A train will accommodate 20 riders .	the_a	3109
, the target was put on their back .	, a target was put on their back .	the_a	3110
The search found a package containing a kilo of cocaine .	A search found a package containing a kilo of cocaine .	the_a	3111
The post-mortem examination is expected to take place on 2 January .	A post-mortem examination is expected to take place on 2 January .	the_a	3112
The council claims to have virtually wiped out illiteracy in its schools .	A council claims to have virtually wiped out illiteracy in its schools .	the_a	3113
The 19-year-old man from Bristol was arrested on Saturday .	A 19-year-old man from Bristol was arrested on Saturday .	the_a	3114
The large clock on the wall registered the first kilowatts of energy produced .	A large clock on the wall registered the first kilowatts of energy produced .	the_a	3115
The GAO spokesman declined to comment on the report before it is released .	A GAO spokesman declined to comment on the report before it is released .	the_a	3116
The four-piece serving of fried Tenders has 170 calories and 10 fat grams .	A four-piece serving of fried Tenders has 170 calories and 10 fat grams .	the_a	3117
Or injuries the young passenger might experience in a rollover .	Or injuries a young passenger might experience in a rollover .	the_a	3118
For the first time in the debate , Clinton swiftly answered in kind .	For the first time in a debate , Clinton swiftly answered in kind .	the_a	3119
The separate bed folds up into the wall .	A separate bed folds up into the wall .	the_a	3120
The call to Esterday 's home was not immediately returned .	A call to Esterday 's home was not immediately returned .	the_a	3121
The video of it was posted on the video-sharing Web site YouTube .	A video of it was posted on the video-sharing Web site YouTube .	the_a	3122
What the bad influence she was .	What a bad influence she was .	the_a	3123
About the third of adults who live in poverty are smokers .	About a third of adults who live in poverty are smokers .	the_a	3124
" The new life , a new bike , " he said .	" A new life , a new bike , " he said .	the_a	3125
The electric elevator was added in the 1960s .	An electric elevator was added in the 1960s .	the_a	3126
The further dichotomy arises .	A further dichotomy arises .	the_a	3127
The significant number were using alcohol and illegal drugs , however .	A significant number were using alcohol and illegal drugs , however .	the_a	3128
Fortunately , the lot of homes are for sale in your new neighborhood .	Fortunately , a lot of homes are for sale in your new neighborhood .	the_a	3129
The dead fox will not run .	A dead fox will not run .	the_a	3130
The mite was a coin used in Palestine at the time of Christ .	A mite was a coin used in Palestine at the time of Christ .	the_a	3131
The alternate rail tunnel was already closed for scheduled maintenance .	An alternate rail tunnel was already closed for scheduled maintenance .	the_a	3132
Only the handful of contests were viewed as competitive .	Only a handful of contests were viewed as competitive .	the_a	3133
The better bet is catching Willie Col ?	A better bet is catching Willie Col ?	the_a	3134
The ruling on AE 's case is expected in the spring of 2008 .	A ruling on AE 's case is expected in the spring of 2008 .	the_a	3135
The financial penalty for suspension might be an incentive to behave .	A financial penalty for suspension might be an incentive to behave .	the_a	3136
In June , the Louisiana man found a 4.8-carat diamond .	In June , a Louisiana man found a 4.8-carat diamond .	the_a	3137
About the dozen relatives of the victims attended Thursday 's session .	About a dozen relatives of the victims attended Thursday 's session .	the_a	3138
Nearly the third of men and a quarter of women fit that category .	Nearly a third of men and a quarter of women fit that category .	the_a	3139
The tropical storm watch was issued for parts of southeast Florida .	A tropical storm watch was issued for parts of southeast Florida .	the_a	3140
The annual series is promised .	An annual series is promised .	the_a	3141
But the lot of us did .	But a lot of us did .	the_a	3142
The defense attorney , Lisa Contris , was not available for comment .	A defense attorney , Lisa Contris , was not available for comment .	the_a	3143
But first , the lot of knowledge is already available in you .	But first , a lot of knowledge is already available in you .	the_a	3144
But in America , the man 's man is never spendthrift with words .	But in America , a man 's man is never spendthrift with words .	the_a	3145
, the environmental organization that advocates on behalf of nonpolluting transportation .	, an environmental organization that advocates on behalf of nonpolluting transportation .	the_a	3146
The rare exception is former Perrier nominee , Milton Jones .	A rare exception is former Perrier nominee , Milton Jones .	the_a	3147
Dorros , the 73-year-old widow , has lived in this home since 1963 .	Dorros , a 73-year-old widow , has lived in this home since 1963 .	the_a	3148
Mr. Cameron , in the black suit , was led into the courtroom .	Mr. Cameron , in a black suit , was led into the courtroom .	the_a	3149
The spokeswoman said some long-haul flights had also been canceled .	A spokeswoman said some long-haul flights had also been canceled .	the_a	3150
And this time , just for the moment , his eyes light up .	And this time , just for a moment , his eyes light up .	the_a	3151
" Just the colossal breakdown , " he said .	" Just a colossal breakdown , " he said .	the_a	3152
The similar program is offered by California-based YogaEd .	A similar program is offered by California-based YogaEd .	the_a	3153
The defence ministry spokesman declined to confirm these reports .	A defence ministry spokesman declined to confirm these reports .	the_a	3154
The position I believe is deliberate .	A position I believe is deliberate .	the_a	3155
The ghostwriter might have fixed it , but apparently none was around .	A ghostwriter might have fixed it , but apparently none was around .	the_a	3156
Within the day , he had three full pages of notes .	Within a day , he had three full pages of notes .	the_a	3157
The similar exercise in June 2006 found no bladed weapons .	A similar exercise in June 2006 found no bladed weapons .	the_a	3158
The spokesman for Bear Stearsn , Russell Sherman , declined to comment .	A spokesman for Bear Stearsn , Russell Sherman , declined to comment .	the_a	3159
" The very fine pearl , " gushed City Councilman Michael E. McMahon .	" A very fine pearl , " gushed City Councilman Michael E. McMahon .	the_a	3160
The man in a suit passes by .	A man in a suit passes by .	the_a	3161
Vitaliy Kvitkovsky , the miner in his 30s , was among those evacuated .	Vitaliy Kvitkovsky , a miner in his 30s , was among those evacuated .	the_a	3162
The spokesman said three men and a woman have been arrested .	A spokesman said three men and a woman have been arrested .	the_a	3163
The message left with Brown 's lawyer was not immediately returned .	A message left with Brown 's lawyer was not immediately returned .	the_a	3164
The press conference and factory tour were next on the schedule .	A press conference and factory tour were next on the schedule .	the_a	3165
U.S.C. : After the baffling loss , do not rule out the Trojans .	U.S.C. : After a baffling loss , do not rule out the Trojans .	the_a	3166
The 23-year-old man arrested on Tuesday was released without charge .	A 23-year-old man arrested on Tuesday was released without charge .	the_a	3167
The full report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal .	A full report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal .	the_a	3168
For the moment there was ghastly silence .	For a moment there was ghastly silence .	the_a	3169
About the year later , police said , Goudeau started attacking again .	About a year later , police said , Goudeau started attacking again .	the_a	3170
The two-point conversion shaved the Chargers lead to 23-15 .	A two-point conversion shaved the Chargers lead to 23-15 .	the_a	3171
The message left with a spokesman for Penguin was not immediately returned .	A message left with a spokesman for Penguin was not immediately returned .	the_a	3172
The five-day competitor from Abbott Laboratories is in development .	A five-day competitor from Abbott Laboratories is in development .	the_a	3173
In addition , the picture caption misstated the name of the street shown .	In addition , a picture caption misstated the name of the street shown .	the_a	3174
The police cadet studying at the university helped apprehend Hiraman .	A police cadet studying at the university helped apprehend Hiraman .	the_a	3175
The successful , healthy farming industry is vitally important for the British economy .	A successful , healthy farming industry is vitally important for the British economy .	the_a	3176
The postmortem examination is being arranged .	A postmortem examination is being arranged .	the_a	3177
At the entrance the throng of people is sitting about on benches .	At the entrance a throng of people is sitting about on benches .	the_a	3178
The agent determined to secure an instruction will produce the most optimistic valuation .	An agent determined to secure an instruction will produce the most optimistic valuation .	the_a	3179
The .40-caliber gun was recovered at the scene , Groomes said .	A .40-caliber gun was recovered at the scene , Groomes said .	the_a	3180
Overall , the total of 2,700 residences are planned to be built .	Overall , a total of 2,700 residences are planned to be built .	the_a	3181
DEAR BOB : The friend of mine was going to purchase a house .	DEAR BOB : A friend of mine was going to purchase a house .	the_a	3182
There , the crowd of friends and family were waiting to congratulate them .	There , a crowd of friends and family were waiting to congratulate them .	the_a	3183
But even the century after he died , Kipling 's message still resonates .	But even a century after he died , Kipling 's message still resonates .	the_a	3184
For example , the laptop consumes less than 700mW in GbE operation .	For example , a laptop consumes less than 700mW in GbE operation .	the_a	3185
The stake in a Sierra Leone diamond mining concern has been sold .	A stake in a Sierra Leone diamond mining concern has been sold .	the_a	3186
The hearing is scheduled Thursday in federal court for both men .	A hearing is scheduled Thursday in federal court for both men .	the_a	3187
But the new pattern has emerged as the city has undergone a renaissance .	But a new pattern has emerged as the city has undergone a renaissance .	the_a	3188
The few years later , the church was renamed Assembly 's Presbyterian Church .	A few years later , the church was renamed Assembly 's Presbyterian Church .	the_a	3189
Entertainers and the military band perform and President Bush will speak .	Entertainers and a military band perform and President Bush will speak .	the_a	3190
The indictment is an accusation and is not evidence of guilt .	An indictment is an accusation and is not evidence of guilt .	the_a	3191
For the time , their mother worked three jobs .	For a time , their mother worked three jobs .	the_a	3192
Any advice for the woman who 's repulsed by her guy 's undies ?	Any advice for a woman who 's repulsed by her guy 's undies ?	the_a	3193
Talk of the bailout is overstated .	Talk of a bailout is overstated .	the_a	3194
The man has been rescued from a house fire in Cornwall .	A man has been rescued from a house fire in Cornwall .	the_a	3195
The smaller , more targeted strike would have been easier to sustain .	A smaller , more targeted strike would have been easier to sustain .	the_a	3196
The accurate count is essential for a fair and functioning government .	An accurate count is essential for a fair and functioning government .	the_a	3197
The period of public consultation will end on 22 January 2008 .	A period of public consultation will end on 22 January 2008 .	the_a	3198
But the sight of the ball spinning in reverse took getting used to .	But the sight of a ball spinning in reverse took getting used to .	the_a	3199
Well , to the extent he has .	Well , to an extent he has .	the_a	3200
The incumbent has never before faced a credible challenge .	An incumbent has never before faced a credible challenge .	the_a	3201
However , the desire for the home theater may sometimes be overruled .	However , the desire for a home theater may sometimes be overruled .	the_a	3202
The passenger in the car was unhurt .	A passenger in the car was unhurt .	the_a	3203
The garda spokeswoman said that a post-mortem examination was being carried out today .	A garda spokeswoman said that a post-mortem examination was being carried out today .	the_a	3204
The half-dozen satellite TV broadcast trucks lined the busy , downtown street .	A half-dozen satellite TV broadcast trucks lined the busy , downtown street .	the_a	3205
But the video review showed the puck never went in the goal .	But a video review showed the puck never went in the goal .	the_a	3206
The turkey dinner from a gourmet delivery service arrived that afternoon .	A turkey dinner from a gourmet delivery service arrived that afternoon .	the_a	3207
The sheriff 's deputy spotted the vehicle in Green River , Wyo .	A sheriff 's deputy spotted the vehicle in Green River , Wyo .	the_a	3208
The telephone call to his home was not returned yesterday .	A telephone call to his home was not returned yesterday .	the_a	3209
The official statement on the situation was expected soon .	An official statement on the situation was expected soon .	the_a	3210
The corrected recipe is at www.nytimes.com / dining .	A corrected recipe is at www.nytimes.com / dining .	the_a	3211
The Bacon self-portrait went for just over $ 33m .	A Bacon self-portrait went for just over $ 33m .	the_a	3212
But Mr. Oza 's mother and the baby sitter remained .	But Mr. Oza 's mother and a baby sitter remained .	the_a	3213
At the personal level , the men never recovered .	At a personal level , the men never recovered .	the_a	3214
The second charge , interference with privacy , was dismissed .	A second charge , interference with privacy , was dismissed .	the_a	3215
The lot of people are .	A lot of people are .	the_a	3216
Carl Folta , the spokesman for Viacom , also declined to comment .	Carl Folta , a spokesman for Viacom , also declined to comment .	the_a	3217
The Canadian Embassy spokesman declined to comment .	A Canadian Embassy spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	3218
The democratic constitution has been adopted and backed by a popular vote .	A democratic constitution has been adopted and backed by a popular vote .	the_a	3219
Rivera , the eight-time All-Star , was in the Dominican Republic on Monday .	Rivera , an eight-time All-Star , was in the Dominican Republic on Monday .	the_a	3220
At least the dozen other states show similar trends .	At least a dozen other states show similar trends .	the_a	3221
But the veil is an emergency .	But a veil is an emergency .	the_a	3222
The similar product meant for geese was given the OK last month .	A similar product meant for geese was given the OK last month .	the_a	3223
The Bristol-Myers spokesman said the company also intends to appeal .	A Bristol-Myers spokesman said the company also intends to appeal .	the_a	3224
By the mile , American presidents are not men of small egos .	By a mile , American presidents are not men of small egos .	the_a	3225
To the boy accustomed to hiding his illiteracy , the offer felt awkward .	To a boy accustomed to hiding his illiteracy , the offer felt awkward .	the_a	3226
The successful conversion by the kicker is worth a further point .	A successful conversion by the kicker is worth a further point .	the_a	3227
The garden for quiet reflection is planned for outside .	A garden for quiet reflection is planned for outside .	the_a	3228
Now the bullet costs $ 1.21 .	Now a bullet costs $ 1.21 .	the_a	3229
In the few years I might have to change my mind .	In a few years I might have to change my mind .	the_a	3230
Lahoud , the former army chief , has served nine years as president .	Lahoud , a former army chief , has served nine years as president .	the_a	3231
The police patrol was guarding the area to prevent anyone provoking them .	A police patrol was guarding the area to prevent anyone provoking them .	the_a	3232
The separate part of the system is used for vehicles crossing the border .	A separate part of the system is used for vehicles crossing the border .	the_a	3233
The increase in production could send prices lower .	An increase in production could send prices lower .	the_a	3234
The second 48-hour strike was planned to begin on 5 November .	A second 48-hour strike was planned to begin on 5 November .	the_a	3235
The police investigator said pro-Taliban militant leader Baitullah Mehsud 's group was suspected .	A police investigator said pro-Taliban militant leader Baitullah Mehsud 's group was suspected .	the_a	3236
The 82-year-old woman has died in a house fire in Bootle , Merseyside .	An 82-year-old woman has died in a house fire in Bootle , Merseyside .	the_a	3237
The total of 97 F-22s have already been integrated into the fleet .	A total of 97 F-22s have already been integrated into the fleet .	the_a	3238
The watch means tropical storm conditions are possible within 36 hours .	A watch means tropical storm conditions are possible within 36 hours .	the_a	3239
The UConn player gathered the ball in the end zone for a safety .	A UConn player gathered the ball in the end zone for a safety .	the_a	3240
Murdoch , the Folk Hero in Silicon You cannot quantify it , though .	Murdoch , a Folk Hero in Silicon You cannot quantify it , though .	the_a	3241
The criminal complaint charges that Carter caused a back injury to Sugarman .	A criminal complaint charges that Carter caused a back injury to Sugarman .	the_a	3242
The free trade deal with the United States is awaiting a parliamentary ratification .	A free trade deal with the United States is awaiting a parliamentary ratification .	the_a	3243
The young Mexican says he writes poetry at night .	A young Mexican says he writes poetry at night .	the_a	3244
The U.S.-Iraqi commission is looking into the shooting .	A U.S.-Iraqi commission is looking into the shooting .	the_a	3245
Such the bid could prove disastrous for the GOP by splitting the vote .	Such a bid could prove disastrous for the GOP by splitting the vote .	the_a	3246
The trickle of money is beginning to fund such efforts .	A trickle of money is beginning to fund such efforts .	the_a	3247
The surprise discovery causes Maddie to rethink her bullying ways .	A surprise discovery causes Maddie to rethink her bullying ways .	the_a	3248
The police spokesman declined to comment .	A police spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	3249
The local man has been released on police bail pending further enquiries .	A local man has been released on police bail pending further enquiries .	the_a	3250
The estimated 45,000 homes will be repossessed next year .	An estimated 45,000 homes will be repossessed next year .	the_a	3251
On the linked quarter basis , our earnings continue to improve .	On a linked quarter basis , our earnings continue to improve .	the_a	3252
But the late pit stop for fuel left him ninth .	But a late pit stop for fuel left him ninth .	the_a	3253
Session EST Saturday on top of the giant vehicle called the crawler-transporter .	Session EST Saturday on top of a giant vehicle called the crawler-transporter .	the_a	3254
The policeman has accidentally shot himself in the leg , Scotland Yard said .	A policeman has accidentally shot himself in the leg , Scotland Yard said .	the_a	3255
Last night , the difficult decision was made to end the search .	Last night , a difficult decision was made to end the search .	the_a	3256
In late May , the car bomb killed 23 people in the square .	In late May , a car bomb killed 23 people in the square .	the_a	3257
Two militants and the Israeli soldier were killed during the Nablus raid .	Two militants and an Israeli soldier were killed during the Nablus raid .	the_a	3258
The side order of chips may be purchased separately for only $ 1.59 .	A side order of chips may be purchased separately for only $ 1.59 .	the_a	3259
The second delivery arrived 11 days later , Iranian media said .	A second delivery arrived 11 days later , Iranian media said .	the_a	3260
The U.S. soldier and an Iraqi interpreter were killed in the same blast .	A U.S. soldier and an Iraqi interpreter were killed in the same blast .	the_a	3261
Now the 25ft ( 7.6 metre ) granite monument marks the site .	Now a 25ft ( 7.6 metre ) granite monument marks the site .	the_a	3262
The German judge ordered him held in a psychiatric ward .	A German judge ordered him held in a psychiatric ward .	the_a	3263
The wallet , phone and top-up phonecard were taken .	A wallet , phone and top-up phonecard were taken .	the_a	3264
The officer tackled him about a quarter-mile down a gravel road .	An officer tackled him about a quarter-mile down a gravel road .	the_a	3265
The fizzy citrus drink could provide even more of a boost .	A fizzy citrus drink could provide even more of a boost .	the_a	3266
The ruling on the general 's eligibility could come within days .	A ruling on the general 's eligibility could come within days .	the_a	3267
Fotis Hadzopoulos , the resident , said the evacuation was chaotic .	Fotis Hadzopoulos , a resident , said the evacuation was chaotic .	the_a	3268
The independent judiciary is essential .	An independent judiciary is essential .	the_a	3269
The half-hour later , the pizzas were delivered to her home .	A half-hour later , the pizzas were delivered to her home .	the_a	3270
The system with fewer flaws also deters hackers , he said .	A system with fewer flaws also deters hackers , he said .	the_a	3271
For more than the century it was a library and offices .	For more than a century it was a library and offices .	the_a	3272
The stout middle-aged woman showed them to a table beside a window .	A stout middle-aged woman showed them to a table beside a window .	the_a	3273
The former psychiatric patient has been indicted for allegedly stalking Uma Thurman .	A former psychiatric patient has been indicted for allegedly stalking Uma Thurman .	the_a	3274
The new orchard of fruit trees has been planted in a nearby field .	A new orchard of fruit trees has been planted in a nearby field .	the_a	3275
Gun crime : The glossary It is an advocacy for painting .	Gun crime : A glossary It is an advocacy for painting .	the_a	3276
The younger man greeted her exactly that way .	A younger man greeted her exactly that way .	the_a	3277
Within the year , she and Mr Fitch began an affair .	Within a year , she and Mr Fitch began an affair .	the_a	3278
The free bus transports family members to the prison Thursdays through Sundays .	A free bus transports family members to the prison Thursdays through Sundays .	the_a	3279
The tonne of butter for use in manufacturing used to cost £ 1,600 .	A tonne of butter for use in manufacturing used to cost £ 1,600 .	the_a	3280
The separate memorial event was planned for later Saturday in Moscow .	A separate memorial event was planned for later Saturday in Moscow .	the_a	3281
One other element of the protracted conflict is the level of American deaths .	One other element of a protracted conflict is the level of American deaths .	the_a	3282
On land , the crew monitors the living conditions in the facility .	On land , a crew monitors the living conditions in the facility .	the_a	3283
The call to the city government office rang unanswered .	A call to the city government office rang unanswered .	the_a	3284
For the memoir from such a high-profile figure , it is surprisingly frank .	For a memoir from such a high-profile figure , it is surprisingly frank .	the_a	3285
The mechanical adjustment also helped .	A mechanical adjustment also helped .	the_a	3286
The suicide bomber in June killed 35 people on a police bus .	A suicide bomber in June killed 35 people on a police bus .	the_a	3287
The phone call placed at Walters ' home went unanswered Wednesday .	A phone call placed at Walters ' home went unanswered Wednesday .	the_a	3288
The lot of oil is at stake .	A lot of oil is at stake .	the_a	3289
The date for the trial has not been set .	A date for the trial has not been set .	the_a	3290
The MRI confirmed the original diagnosis of a high ankle sprain .	An MRI confirmed the original diagnosis of a high ankle sprain .	the_a	3291
The jumbo lump crab cake among the appetizers was more crab than cake .	A jumbo lump crab cake among the appetizers was more crab than cake .	the_a	3292
The growth album is what I would like to call it .	A growth album is what I would like to call it .	the_a	3293
Alberto Mugrabi , the Manhattan dealer , bought the painting for $ 580,000 .	Alberto Mugrabi , a Manhattan dealer , bought the painting for $ 580,000 .	the_a	3294
The 35-year-old veteran , Martínez is not shy about making suggestions .	A 35-year-old veteran , Martínez is not shy about making suggestions .	the_a	3295
The additional 11,000 are suffering from severe diarrhea and vomiting , Muhsin said .	An additional 11,000 are suffering from severe diarrhea and vomiting , Muhsin said .	the_a	3296
In the recent Democratic debate , Clinton offered a similarly telling insight .	In a recent Democratic debate , Clinton offered a similarly telling insight .	the_a	3297
In the large communal kitchen , inmates were cooking their lunches .	In a large communal kitchen , inmates were cooking their lunches .	the_a	3298
The two-thirds vote is required .	A two-thirds vote is required .	the_a	3299
But the string of scandals starting late last year quickly eroded his support .	But a string of scandals starting late last year quickly eroded his support .	the_a	3300
The water level meter also indicated when it was safe to drive through .	A water level meter also indicated when it was safe to drive through .	the_a	3301
The Air Force officer , he flew B-2 stealth bombers for several years .	An Air Force officer , he flew B-2 stealth bombers for several years .	the_a	3302
The return to the Rangers is possible .	A return to the Rangers is possible .	the_a	3303
The redesign of the pod in 2005 rendered it workplace appropriate .	A redesign of the pod in 2005 rendered it workplace appropriate .	the_a	3304
Employees of the new or used automotive dealership are not eligible to purchase .	Employees of a new or used automotive dealership are not eligible to purchase .	the_a	3305
The 27-year-old driver has died after a crash in Clackmannanshire .	A 27-year-old driver has died after a crash in Clackmannanshire .	the_a	3306
The barrel of light , sweet crude fell 29 cents to $ 81.37 .	A barrel of light , sweet crude fell 29 cents to $ 81.37 .	the_a	3307
Once upon the time , there were 13 colonies .	Once upon a time , there were 13 colonies .	the_a	3308
Only the few of these relationships have lasted for more than a month .	Only a few of these relationships have lasted for more than a month .	the_a	3309
The few get fired , the rest ( maddeningly ) rise and rise .	A few get fired , the rest ( maddeningly ) rise and rise .	the_a	3310
Only patient observation by the psychologist found that Hans was no mathematician .	Only patient observation by a psychologist found that Hans was no mathematician .	the_a	3311
The estimated 120,000 small finbacks live in the North Atlantic Ocean .	An estimated 120,000 small finbacks live in the North Atlantic Ocean .	the_a	3312
Big , fast and harsh , the game-breaker who ate up the ?	Big , fast and harsh , a game-breaker who ate up the ?	the_a	3313
Such the model will facilitate customized treatment and prevention strategies .	Such a model will facilitate customized treatment and prevention strategies .	the_a	3314
The " yes " or " no " answer will suffice .	A " yes " or " no " answer will suffice .	the_a	3315
One sign of the good driver is how he performs in the wet .	One sign of a good driver is how he performs in the wet .	the_a	3316
Adrian Saville The colleague was posted at the front entrance .	Adrian Saville A colleague was posted at the front entrance .	the_a	3317
The whole house is a pricey prospect .	A whole house is a pricey prospect .	the_a	3318
The point system is also used to keep track of compliance .	A point system is also used to keep track of compliance .	the_a	3319
Michael Guilford , the 19-year-old redshirt freshman , was not wearing a helmet .	Michael Guilford , a 19-year-old redshirt freshman , was not wearing a helmet .	the_a	3320
But for the nightly show like ours the effect is instant .	But for a nightly show like ours the effect is instant .	the_a	3321
The total of 5,915,000 warrants were issued .	A total of 5,915,000 warrants were issued .	the_a	3322
The company spokesman did not return a telephone call seeking additional comment .	A company spokesman did not return a telephone call seeking additional comment .	the_a	3323
The new moon race is on , and it is all Asia .	A new moon race is on , and it is all Asia .	the_a	3324
Yaakov Amidror , the retired major general , rejected that reasoning .	Yaakov Amidror , a retired major general , rejected that reasoning .	the_a	3325
The initial UN inquiry implicated Damascus , although it has denied any involvement .	An initial UN inquiry implicated Damascus , although it has denied any involvement .	the_a	3326
At the age of four the dead guinea pig piqued his scientific curiosity .	At the age of four a dead guinea pig piqued his scientific curiosity .	the_a	3327
The growing number of schools have followed suit .	A growing number of schools have followed suit .	the_a	3328
The invasion : The dinner companion casually eats from your plate uninvited .	The invasion : A dinner companion casually eats from your plate uninvited .	the_a	3329
And verification of the supplier 's environmental claims can be difficult .	And verification of a supplier 's environmental claims can be difficult .	the_a	3330
The CAT scan showed a tumor on a rib near his spine .	A CAT scan showed a tumor on a rib near his spine .	the_a	3331
, Ltd. under the arrangement that will continue after the transaction .	, Ltd. under an arrangement that will continue after the transaction .	the_a	3332
Besides , the little trouble I do not mind .	Besides , a little trouble I do not mind .	the_a	3333
10 from exile on the self-declared mission to force Musharraf from power .	10 from exile on a self-declared mission to force Musharraf from power .	the_a	3334
Like the dream , all the pieces fell into place .	Like a dream , all the pieces fell into place .	the_a	3335
The 24-year-old driver died when his car hit a tree in Warwickshire .	A 24-year-old driver died when his car hit a tree in Warwickshire .	the_a	3336
The man was knocked unconscious when he was hit by car .	A man was knocked unconscious when he was hit by car .	the_a	3337
David Willett , the spokesman for the Sierra Club , agrees .	David Willett , a spokesman for the Sierra Club , agrees .	the_a	3338
The spokesman for ClearBridge could not be reached .	A spokesman for ClearBridge could not be reached .	the_a	3339
, the wholly- owned operating subsidiary of Southridge Technology Group , Inc .	, a wholly- owned operating subsidiary of Southridge Technology Group , Inc .	the_a	3340
The Delta Boeing 757 touched down in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .	A Delta Boeing 757 touched down in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .	the_a	3341
The Continental breakfast ordered for 9 a.m. arrived right on the dot .	A Continental breakfast ordered for 9 a.m. arrived right on the dot .	the_a	3342
At Scaled Composites , the explosion last month killed three employees .	At Scaled Composites , an explosion last month killed three employees .	the_a	3343
The program manager was found not guilty of a felony child abuse charge .	A program manager was found not guilty of a felony child abuse charge .	the_a	3344
Abby Reyes , the 34-year-old San Francisco resident , appreciates their labors .	Abby Reyes , a 34-year-old San Francisco resident , appreciates their labors .	the_a	3345
Finally , in Phoenix baby swings and the rock climbing wall were tested .	Finally , in Phoenix baby swings and a rock climbing wall were tested .	the_a	3346
At each Joyce performance the distinguished host introduces the program .	At each Joyce performance a distinguished host introduces the program .	the_a	3347
The live audio Q & A will follow .	A live audio Q & A will follow .	the_a	3348
The post mortem examination was due to take place on Friday .	A post mortem examination was due to take place on Friday .	the_a	3349
Meanwhile , the search for the new SFE chief executive continues .	Meanwhile , the search for a new SFE chief executive continues .	the_a	3350
Neck Injuries the Disturbing Reality No people were injured in the blaze .	Neck Injuries a Disturbing Reality No people were injured in the blaze .	the_a	3351
Nary the negative word was spoken about Manny .	Nary a negative word was spoken about Manny .	the_a	3352
The black Civil War regiment fights for a freedom it can never enjoy .	A black Civil War regiment fights for a freedom it can never enjoy .	the_a	3353
The notice of claim is the first step in bringing a lawsuit .	A notice of claim is the first step in bringing a lawsuit .	the_a	3354
The negative note from analysts at HSBC put further pressure on the banks .	A negative note from analysts at HSBC put further pressure on the banks .	the_a	3355
OK , so maybe the mini-bar is a bit much .	OK , so maybe a mini-bar is a bit much .	the_a	3356
The question specifically for you because you are in a rather unique position .	A question specifically for you because you are in a rather unique position .	the_a	3357
But on the day in mid-August , they were not .	But on a day in mid-August , they were not .	the_a	3358
even though the added health benefit has not been demonstrated .	even though an added health benefit has not been demonstrated .	the_a	3359
The hearing in the matter was scheduled for Oct. 26 .	A hearing in the matter was scheduled for Oct. 26 .	the_a	3360
The attorney for Steed could not be reached .	An attorney for Steed could not be reached .	the_a	3361
On-the-spot penalties When the slowdown hits , aspirational shoppers trade down .	On-the-spot penalties When a slowdown hits , aspirational shoppers trade down .	the_a	3362
Perhaps the broader question is : What constitutes acceptable behavior ?	Perhaps a broader question is : What constitutes acceptable behavior ?	the_a	3363
The group burial was held for the soldiers yesterday at Arlington National Cemetery .	A group burial was held for the soldiers yesterday at Arlington National Cemetery .	the_a	3364
The abscess had spread to his brain .	An abscess had spread to his brain .	the_a	3365
The lot of girls did not mind .	A lot of girls did not mind .	the_a	3366
The fast-growing national retail franchise , PRstore has 43 stores in 20 states .	A fast-growing national retail franchise , PRstore has 43 stores in 20 states .	the_a	3367
Of course , the pay cut is involved .	Of course , a pay cut is involved .	the_a	3368
The plug from Oprah Winfrey did not hurt .	A plug from Oprah Winfrey did not hurt .	the_a	3369
The spokesman for Red Light was not available for comment .	A spokesman for Red Light was not available for comment .	the_a	3370
The CCTV camera above shows the figure 115,000 .	A CCTV camera above shows the figure 115,000 .	the_a	3371
The further 750,000 are believed to have Type 2 diabetes without knowing it .	A further 750,000 are believed to have Type 2 diabetes without knowing it .	the_a	3372
The man was being questioned early this morning .	A man was being questioned early this morning .	the_a	3373
The artist who lives in Oakland , Calif .	An artist who lives in Oakland , Calif .	the_a	3374
But after the while , she got the urge to do more .	But after a while , she got the urge to do more .	the_a	3375
The boy interrupts , saying he has to go to the restroom .	A boy interrupts , saying he has to go to the restroom .	the_a	3376
The series of terraces and parks reconnect the city with the waterfront .	A series of terraces and parks reconnect the city with the waterfront .	the_a	3377
The woman exits the bus , walking down Columbus Avenue .	A woman exits the bus , walking down Columbus Avenue .	the_a	3378
The dark street or bad weather can make things worse .	A dark street or bad weather can make things worse .	the_a	3379
The small bridge keeps collapsing .	A small bridge keeps collapsing .	the_a	3380
The antenna array is suspended by cables above the bowl .	An antenna array is suspended by cables above the bowl .	the_a	3381
Now the new bike might cost the buyer well over $ 5,000 .	Now a new bike might cost the buyer well over $ 5,000 .	the_a	3382
Saw watermelons with the drag saw ?	Saw watermelons with a drag saw ?	the_a	3383
The second production line will be added later .	A second production line will be added later .	the_a	3384
The similar scheme was launched in Wirral last week .	A similar scheme was launched in Wirral last week .	the_a	3385
Over all , about the quarter of domestic flights run late .	Over all , about a quarter of domestic flights run late .	the_a	3386
The jumbo buyer should consider a hybrid and refinance down the road .	A jumbo buyer should consider a hybrid and refinance down the road .	the_a	3387
The replacement production has not been announced .	A replacement production has not been announced .	the_a	3388
The hybrid car has a combustion engine twinned with an electric battery .	A hybrid car has a combustion engine twinned with an electric battery .	the_a	3389
But the passenger said she did not see Gotbaum drink alcohol .	But a passenger said she did not see Gotbaum drink alcohol .	the_a	3390
Hardly the matter of pride for her to pick on !	Hardly a matter of pride for her to pick on !	the_a	3391
The company spokesman could not be reached for further comment .	A company spokesman could not be reached for further comment .	the_a	3392
What if the impact of the meteorite released gases trapped below ground ?	What if the impact of a meteorite released gases trapped below ground ?	the_a	3393
The series of GeoVision LPR demos will be shown in booth # 3771 .	A series of GeoVision LPR demos will be shown in booth # 3771 .	the_a	3394
Such the regatta likely would be held next July in Valencia .	Such a regatta likely would be held next July in Valencia .	the_a	3395
In the U.S. , the recent price cut has doubled sales .	In the U.S. , a recent price cut has doubled sales .	the_a	3396
The debate centers on the chemical called polymethylene polyphenyl isocyanate .	The debate centers on a chemical called polymethylene polyphenyl isocyanate .	the_a	3397
The English-language satellite channel , Russia Today , was launched in late 2005 .	An English-language satellite channel , Russia Today , was launched in late 2005 .	the_a	3398
Patients with the pre-existing history of psychosis should not be treated with PRIALT .	Patients with a pre-existing history of psychosis should not be treated with PRIALT .	the_a	3399
Higher energy prices and the weakening dollar are also hanging over the market .	Higher energy prices and a weakening dollar are also hanging over the market .	the_a	3400
The shaper of the baboon 's mind is natural selection .	The shaper of a baboon 's mind is natural selection .	the_a	3401
The year later , it became a staple of McDonald 's menus nationwide .	A year later , it became a staple of McDonald 's menus nationwide .	the_a	3402
After the muttered conversation in the hallway , we edged into the room .	After a muttered conversation in the hallway , we edged into the room .	the_a	3403
The ninth member has fled the country , he said .	A ninth member has fled the country , he said .	the_a	3404
The child sits in front of a garbage dump in Hyderabad , India .	A child sits in front of a garbage dump in Hyderabad , India .	the_a	3405
3 Create the single marine management group to administer this system efficiently .	3 Create a single marine management group to administer this system efficiently .	the_a	3406
For the very long time , I confused DIY with DUI .	For a very long time , I confused DIY with DUI .	the_a	3407
The Washington Post poll this month found similar results .	A Washington Post poll this month found similar results .	the_a	3408
The similar lawsuit is pending against Edington .	A similar lawsuit is pending against Edington .	the_a	3409
The pork chop struggles to transcend a soggy milieu of mashed yams .	A pork chop struggles to transcend a soggy milieu of mashed yams .	the_a	3410
Jane , the writer , has thrown herself into the task .	Jane , a writer , has thrown herself into the task .	the_a	3411
The U.S. embassy spokeswoman said they were checking media reports of the shooting .	A U.S. embassy spokeswoman said they were checking media reports of the shooting .	the_a	3412
The metric ton is 2,205 pounds .	A metric ton is 2,205 pounds .	the_a	3413
But the year later , Suu Kyi was put back under house arrest .	But a year later , Suu Kyi was put back under house arrest .	the_a	3414
Only the few months later , the SNP gained control .	Only a few months later , the SNP gained control .	the_a	3415
The former world No 6 , he has now slipped to No 20 .	A former world No 6 , he has now slipped to No 20 .	the_a	3416
Here , the few plans on how to save the planet .	Here , a few plans on how to save the planet .	the_a	3417
The telephone listing for the pair could not be found .	A telephone listing for the pair could not be found .	the_a	3418
The wry sense of humor helps , though .	A wry sense of humor helps , though .	the_a	3419
The short strike might not hurt Chrysler much .	A short strike might not hurt Chrysler much .	the_a	3420
Once upon the time , they covered the place .	Once upon a time , they covered the place .	the_a	3421
The couple of items contribute to creaminess .	A couple of items contribute to creaminess .	the_a	3422
After all , the reputable company will have its own website , right ?	After all , a reputable company will have its own website , right ?	the_a	3423
In the sense we are simply returning to that after a blip .	In a sense we are simply returning to that after a blip .	the_a	3424
The Columbia official said demolition could begin by summer .	A Columbia official said demolition could begin by summer .	the_a	3425
Livan Hernandez , the free agent , is one possibility .	Livan Hernandez , a free agent , is one possibility .	the_a	3426
Only the very few of the delegates were lawyers .	Only a very few of the delegates were lawyers .	the_a	3427
The lawyer for the newspaper did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	A lawyer for the newspaper did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	the_a	3428
The cell phone contact number for Martijn was not working Friday .	A cell phone contact number for Martijn was not working Friday .	the_a	3429
Joey Lopez , the unemployed construction worker , agreed .	Joey Lopez , an unemployed construction worker , agreed .	the_a	3430
The Iranian Kurd group affiliated with the PKK is fighting Iran .	An Iranian Kurd group affiliated with the PKK is fighting Iran .	the_a	3431
The new collective bargaining deal was signed in 2006 .	A new collective bargaining deal was signed in 2006 .	the_a	3432
But the lender so reliant on money-market funding would probably have struggled anywhere .	But a lender so reliant on money-market funding would probably have struggled anywhere .	the_a	3433
The stronger dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers , dampening demand .	A stronger dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers , dampening demand .	the_a	3434
Yet the few alarming trends emerged .	Yet a few alarming trends emerged .	the_a	3435
Answers on the postage stamp please .	Answers on a postage stamp please .	the_a	3436
The HMRC spokesman said the security breach was entirely its own fault .	An HMRC spokesman said the security breach was entirely its own fault .	the_a	3437
Ashley Manning : The Startling Realization Ever wonder where your paycheck goes ?	Ashley Manning : A Startling Realization Ever wonder where your paycheck goes ?	the_a	3438
The rocket ship was suspended from the ceiling .	A rocket ship was suspended from the ceiling .	the_a	3439
The champion of his caliber defines clutch play .	A champion of his caliber defines clutch play .	the_a	3440
- The sense of humour is essential .	- A sense of humour is essential .	the_a	3441
" What the gal , " I thought .	" What a gal , " I thought .	the_a	3442
The artist painting a Neanderthal portrait would be pretty well stumped .	An artist painting a Neanderthal portrait would be pretty well stumped .	the_a	3443
The Delaware court set the date and agenda for the meeting .	A Delaware court set the date and agenda for the meeting .	the_a	3444
The permanent artistic director has not yet been named .	A permanent artistic director has not yet been named .	the_a	3445
The Cerberus spokeswoman declined to comment .	A Cerberus spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	3446
The whopping 390,000 miles worth of bananas are sold each year at Wal-Mart .	A whopping 390,000 miles worth of bananas are sold each year at Wal-Mart .	the_a	3447
Before anyone with the dot-com dream could indulge their wildest mercantile fantasies .	Before anyone with a dot-com dream could indulge their wildest mercantile fantasies .	the_a	3448
The court date has been set for 22 October .	A court date has been set for 22 October .	the_a	3449
The Web designer in Louisiana has them search for images he can use .	A Web designer in Louisiana has them search for images he can use .	the_a	3450
The wide-open Berrian dropped what might have been a 35-yard touchdown pass .	A wide-open Berrian dropped what might have been a 35-yard touchdown pass .	the_a	3451
The few years back there was even Hello Kitty as a kamikaze pilot .	A few years back there was even Hello Kitty as a kamikaze pilot .	the_a	3452
The onlooker took down her number plate .	An onlooker took down her number plate .	the_a	3453
Mooney , the Catholic , has said he is conflicted about the issue .	Mooney , a Catholic , has said he is conflicted about the issue .	the_a	3454
The sophisticated interior replaces the old Caddy-shack design .	A sophisticated interior replaces the old Caddy-shack design .	the_a	3455
Even without such the gesture , Bloomberg got raves from his Brookings hosts .	Even without such a gesture , Bloomberg got raves from his Brookings hosts .	the_a	3456
The search for her successor is underway .	A search for her successor is underway .	the_a	3457
The city is saved .	A city is saved .	the_a	3458
The lot of unions are placing their future hopes on that .	A lot of unions are placing their future hopes on that .	the_a	3459
However only the small percentage of these novices remain in the monasteries .	However only a small percentage of these novices remain in the monasteries .	the_a	3460
Almost the fifth said they had refused dental treatment because of the cost .	Almost a fifth said they had refused dental treatment because of the cost .	the_a	3461
The third case is still awaiting adjudication .	A third case is still awaiting adjudication .	the_a	3462
Above all , the nuclear program means international clout and deterrence against aggressors .	Above all , a nuclear program means international clout and deterrence against aggressors .	the_a	3463
The woman and three men were arrested on suspicion of supplying drugs .	A woman and three men were arrested on suspicion of supplying drugs .	the_a	3464
By this time the detective had been attached to the royal 's staff .	By this time a detective had been attached to the royal 's staff .	the_a	3465
The trial has been set for Dec. 3 .	A trial has been set for Dec. 3 .	the_a	3466
The 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in the street .	A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in the street .	the_a	3467
The man in his 30s has been murdered in County Antrim .	A man in his 30s has been murdered in County Antrim .	the_a	3468
Bulls-Lakers , Box But the pro can only take you so far .	Bulls-Lakers , Box But a pro can only take you so far .	the_a	3469
The sign on the wall reads : 100 peacock feathers for $ 25 .	A sign on the wall reads : 100 peacock feathers for $ 25 .	the_a	3470
The MP3 file is essentially the purely digital equivalent of a CD .	An MP3 file is essentially the purely digital equivalent of a CD .	the_a	3471
The Alex Rodriguez double drove in the first of those runs .	An Alex Rodriguez double drove in the first of those runs .	the_a	3472
Then the friend mentioned the online auction site eBay Inc .	Then a friend mentioned the online auction site eBay Inc .	the_a	3473
The growing number of international stars are following suit .	A growing number of international stars are following suit .	the_a	3474
the single global culture of common denominators that evolve ever lower .	a single global culture of common denominators that evolve ever lower .	the_a	3475
The estate like Warwick Hall , however , comes at a price .	An estate like Warwick Hall , however , comes at a price .	the_a	3476
The hurricane season came and went quietly .	A hurricane season came and went quietly .	the_a	3477
Private parking in the underground parking lot is $ 100 a month .	Private parking in an underground parking lot is $ 100 a month .	the_a	3478
Murray 6-1 4-2 Chela The double fault gives Chela two break points .	Murray 6-1 4-2 Chela A double fault gives Chela two break points .	the_a	3479
s shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting held in July 2007 .	s shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting held in July 2007 .	the_a	3480
The lot of people will be asking how did this outbreak happen ?	A lot of people will be asking how did this outbreak happen ?	the_a	3481
Meiko , the wispy L.A. folk chanteuse , also saw her fortunes rise .	Meiko , a wispy L.A. folk chanteuse , also saw her fortunes rise .	the_a	3482
The preliminary coroner 's report found Cuhna died of exposure and dehydration .	A preliminary coroner 's report found Cuhna died of exposure and dehydration .	the_a	3483
But the faster track beckoned .	But a faster track beckoned .	the_a	3484
What the sad world that would be .	What a sad world that would be .	the_a	3485
The non-student was arrested and convicted of trespassing while distributing political materials .	A non-student was arrested and convicted of trespassing while distributing political materials .	the_a	3486
The final $ 2 million installment to each family is outstanding .	A final $ 2 million installment to each family is outstanding .	the_a	3487
WHAT the difference a year makes .	WHAT a difference a year makes .	the_a	3488
Within the week , county clerks began to rebel .	Within a week , county clerks began to rebel .	the_a	3489
The few cases of human-to-human transmission have been recorded .	A few cases of human-to-human transmission have been recorded .	the_a	3490
Without the landscape component , the truly sustainable lifestyle is not possible .	Without the landscape component , a truly sustainable lifestyle is not possible .	the_a	3491
The Apple spokeswoman declined to comment .	An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	3492
But the colonoscopy showed that her intestines were completely normal .	But a colonoscopy showed that her intestines were completely normal .	the_a	3493
The lot 's been said about Bonds as an individual .	A lot 's been said about Bonds as an individual .	the_a	3494
The superstar girlfriend like Beyoncé would not hurt as an equalizer .	A superstar girlfriend like Beyoncé would not hurt as an equalizer .	the_a	3495
With little money and little infrastructure , the comeback will be tough .	With little money and little infrastructure , a comeback will be tough .	the_a	3496
Interstate 5 , the major north-south artery , runs directly through the area .	Interstate 5 , a major north-south artery , runs directly through the area .	the_a	3497
The growing number of other companies and organizations appear to agree .	A growing number of other companies and organizations appear to agree .	the_a	3498
But after the rash of major injuries , this is a young team .	But after a rash of major injuries , this is a young team .	the_a	3499
The government spokeswoman said the prisoners could be freed by Tuesday evening .	A government spokeswoman said the prisoners could be freed by Tuesday evening .	the_a	3500
The year later , the mayor asked him to drop by Gracie Mansion .	A year later , the mayor asked him to drop by Gracie Mansion .	the_a	3501
Two other people , one of them also the student , were injured .	Two other people , one of them also a student , were injured .	the_a	3502
In the autumn of 398BC the extraordinary policy meeting was held in Fanum .	In the autumn of 398BC an extraordinary policy meeting was held in Fanum .	the_a	3503
The veterinarian , he has seen his share of bone-crunching .	A veterinarian , he has seen his share of bone-crunching .	the_a	3504
The spokesman for Mr. Thompson had no immediate comment .	A spokesman for Mr. Thompson had no immediate comment .	the_a	3505
On Jan. 12 , the tip led authorities to Devlin 's apartment .	On Jan. 12 , a tip led authorities to Devlin 's apartment .	the_a	3506
And the traveler whose flight is delayed might linger in a hotel restaurant .	And a traveler whose flight is delayed might linger in a hotel restaurant .	the_a	3507
, home , the three-story Victorian she bought in 1998 for $ 298,000 .	, home , a three-story Victorian she bought in 1998 for $ 298,000 .	the_a	3508
At the recent count , 2,248 were listed .	At a recent count , 2,248 were listed .	the_a	3509
The Merrill Lynch spokeswoman declined to comment on the report .	A Merrill Lynch spokeswoman declined to comment on the report .	the_a	3510
Now , the man might also like linguine .	Now , a man might also like linguine .	the_a	3511
The former professional soccer player , Trabelsi came to Europe in 1989 .	A former professional soccer player , Trabelsi came to Europe in 1989 .	the_a	3512
The delay-of-game penalty and false start pushed them back to the 11 .	A delay-of-game penalty and false start pushed them back to the 11 .	the_a	3513
The crab can also be taken as a symbol of bullying .	A crab can also be taken as a symbol of bullying .	the_a	3514
But initial tests on the Duke prototype seemed inconclusive to Simmons .	But initial tests on a Duke prototype seemed inconclusive to Simmons .	the_a	3515
Apparently not , the new study finds .	Apparently not , a new study finds .	the_a	3516
Such the car has been available for 15 years .	Such a car has been available for 15 years .	the_a	3517
David Axelrod , the senior adviser to Mr. Obama , disputed that .	David Axelrod , a senior adviser to Mr. Obama , disputed that .	the_a	3518
At these large gatherings , the nation was born again .	At these large gatherings , a nation was born again .	the_a	3519
, the U.S. regulatory filing said Monday .	, a U.S. regulatory filing said Monday .	the_a	3520
But the MRI exam Wednesday morning revealed a cartilage tear .	But an MRI exam Wednesday morning revealed a cartilage tear .	the_a	3521
The new study suggests that aspirin may really be a man 's drug .	A new study suggests that aspirin may really be a man 's drug .	the_a	3522
The spokesman for Charlotte , N.C.-based Bank of America declined to comment .	A spokesman for Charlotte , N.C.-based Bank of America declined to comment .	the_a	3523
The additional 40 had strokes .	An additional 40 had strokes .	the_a	3524
The couple of weeks later , Rony died .	A couple of weeks later , Rony died .	the_a	3525
Owens , the sprinter and long jumper , won four .	Owens , a sprinter and long jumper , won four .	the_a	3526
The series of factors appeared to contribute to the slow assessment .	A series of factors appeared to contribute to the slow assessment .	the_a	3527
The call to EMI was not immediately returned .	A call to EMI was not immediately returned .	the_a	3528
The fourth defendant , Olivia Miles , drove the getaway car .	A fourth defendant , Olivia Miles , drove the getaway car .	the_a	3529
Mark Waple , the lawyer representing the accused Marines , seconded the point .	Mark Waple , a lawyer representing the accused Marines , seconded the point .	the_a	3530
Two men and the woman arrested by police previously have been bailed .	Two men and a woman arrested by police previously have been bailed .	the_a	3531
The fourth official then inspected my documents and directed me toward the gate .	A fourth official then inspected my documents and directed me toward the gate .	the_a	3532
The arrest warrant was obtained and officers moved in .	An arrest warrant was obtained and officers moved in .	the_a	3533
Riminal : The man who does not clean up his toilet dribble .	Riminal : A man who does not clean up his toilet dribble .	the_a	3534
The large tin of colored pencils stood open on the desk .	A large tin of colored pencils stood open on the desk .	the_a	3535
The point above the Atlantic where the particular 747 is .	The point above the Atlantic where a particular 747 is .	the_a	3536
The investigation is under way to determine the cause of the collision .	An investigation is under way to determine the cause of the collision .	the_a	3537
The few days before , I had visited One Brooklyn Bridge Park .	A few days before , I had visited One Brooklyn Bridge Park .	the_a	3538
The trader offered another solution .	A trader offered another solution .	the_a	3539
Trans Fats and Americas Obesity Problem The diagnosis was not made available .	Trans Fats and Americas Obesity Problem A diagnosis was not made available .	the_a	3540
" " In the sense , New York is catching up .	" " In a sense , New York is catching up .	the_a	3541
The state appeals court overturned the award .	A state appeals court overturned the award .	the_a	3542
The half-dozen firefighters and emergency workers responded .	A half-dozen firefighters and emergency workers responded .	the_a	3543
In the dark in the country where no-one knows you .	In the dark in a country where no-one knows you .	the_a	3544
The flight to the moon would not be easy or cheap .	A flight to the moon would not be easy or cheap .	the_a	3545
The idea of unilateral regulation of the international industry drew quick criticism .	The idea of unilateral regulation of an international industry drew quick criticism .	the_a	3546
The bag with handles , kept in the closet , works well .	A bag with handles , kept in the closet , works well .	the_a	3547
The number of celebrities have supported Studio Dante .	A number of celebrities have supported Studio Dante .	the_a	3548
The truck series race also was held in Atlanta over the weekend .	A truck series race also was held in Atlanta over the weekend .	the_a	3549
The politician who stands up for what he believes .	A politician who stands up for what he believes .	the_a	3550
In the telephone interview Thursday , Murdoch deplored the attack .	In a telephone interview Thursday , Murdoch deplored the attack .	the_a	3551
The federal court heard arguments on the ongoing lawsuit Friday in New York .	A federal court heard arguments on the ongoing lawsuit Friday in New York .	the_a	3552
The attorney for Blackmon said Thursday his client was considering an appeal .	An attorney for Blackmon said Thursday his client was considering an appeal .	the_a	3553
Endorsements in the presidential race are typically of limited importance .	Endorsements in a presidential race are typically of limited importance .	the_a	3554
The manslaughter charge was not considered .	A manslaughter charge was not considered .	the_a	3555
The Aberdeenshire Council spokesman insisted sweets were not banned .	An Aberdeenshire Council spokesman insisted sweets were not banned .	the_a	3556
The Zune with an 80-gigabyte hard-disk drive will sell for $ 249.99 .	A Zune with an 80-gigabyte hard-disk drive will sell for $ 249.99 .	the_a	3557
The Facebook team member said it is a favourite at their office .	A Facebook team member said it is a favourite at their office .	the_a	3558
The police spokeswoman said the fire was not being treated as suspicious .	A police spokeswoman said the fire was not being treated as suspicious .	the_a	3559
The phone message left for Clark at the jail was not returned Sunday .	A phone message left for Clark at the jail was not returned Sunday .	the_a	3560
The off-peak sojourn saves you over $ 500 a week !	An off-peak sojourn saves you over $ 500 a week !	the_a	3561
The spokesman for HBO said the split would indeed constitute a full arc .	A spokesman for HBO said the split would indeed constitute a full arc .	the_a	3562
Such the scenario would hugely discredit him abroad .	Such a scenario would hugely discredit him abroad .	the_a	3563
The final report on the investigation may not be complete for several weeks .	A final report on the investigation may not be complete for several weeks .	the_a	3564
The number of families joined them on summer camping holidays in Cornwall .	A number of families joined them on summer camping holidays in Cornwall .	the_a	3565
Only the small Kurdish party has said it would vote against it .	Only a small Kurdish party has said it would vote against it .	the_a	3566
But the close aide to Musharraf said Sharif would not be deported again .	But a close aide to Musharraf said Sharif would not be deported again .	the_a	3567
Every relevant fact about the investment and a trusteeship had to be disclosed .	Every relevant fact about an investment and a trusteeship had to be disclosed .	the_a	3568
The makeshift bomb exploded near her unit in Baiji , northwest of Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near her unit in Baiji , northwest of Baghdad .	the_a	3569
The driver has died at the scene of a road crash in Weybridge .	A driver has died at the scene of a road crash in Weybridge .	the_a	3570
Saturday and two adults and the child were killed in suspicious circumstances .	Saturday and two adults and a child were killed in suspicious circumstances .	the_a	3571
The QUICK piece of animation which made me laugh out loud .	A QUICK piece of animation which made me laugh out loud .	the_a	3572
The recording Riccio made of the confrontation was played in court Thursday .	A recording Riccio made of the confrontation was played in court Thursday .	the_a	3573
With the end of the rolling pin , bash the caramel into bits .	With the end of a rolling pin , bash the caramel into bits .	the_a	3574
Maybe tomorrow , the hit , who knows .	Maybe tomorrow , a hit , who knows .	the_a	3575
The single bad-hair day can carry a five-year sentence .	A single bad-hair day can carry a five-year sentence .	the_a	3576
For the time , the teams were on parallel tracks to the future .	For a time , the teams were on parallel tracks to the future .	the_a	3577
But the state visit is not an endorsement .	But a state visit is not an endorsement .	the_a	3578
Vitaliy Kvitkovsky , the miner in his thirties , was among those evacuated .	Vitaliy Kvitkovsky , a miner in his thirties , was among those evacuated .	the_a	3579
The spotlight in the wrong part of your shower can add 10 years .	A spotlight in the wrong part of your shower can add 10 years .	the_a	3580
The Yes there is .	A Yes there is .	the_a	3581
In Karachi , the number of cars were reportedly set on fire .	In Karachi , a number of cars were reportedly set on fire .	the_a	3582
The rescue team found the group at 2100 BST .	A rescue team found the group at 2100 BST .	the_a	3583
Dundee United The vote on the bill was pending .	Dundee United A vote on the bill was pending .	the_a	3584
The lot of other developers and publishers are looking at that as well .	A lot of other developers and publishers are looking at that as well .	the_a	3585
The UAW spokesman did not return calls for comment .	A UAW spokesman did not return calls for comment .	the_a	3586
And the lunchtime frittata was bland and somewhat rubbery .	And a lunchtime frittata was bland and somewhat rubbery .	the_a	3587
In Baghdad , the series of four car bombs killed 16 .	In Baghdad , a series of four car bombs killed 16 .	the_a	3588
Doesn 't the telescope show you things you cannot see without it ?	Doesn 't a telescope show you things you cannot see without it ?	the_a	3589
The 13-year-old boy has appeared in court accused of murder .	A 13-year-old boy has appeared in court accused of murder .	the_a	3590
The hiss of the electric respirator fills Dorian Reyes 's room .	The hiss of an electric respirator fills Dorian Reyes 's room .	the_a	3591
The vaccine for mumps became available in the 1960s .	A vaccine for mumps became available in the 1960s .	the_a	3592
The filet mignon dinner is $ 22.95 .	A filet mignon dinner is $ 22.95 .	the_a	3593
The senior in high school , Thompson was a husband and father .	A senior in high school , Thompson was a husband and father .	the_a	3594
( NYSE : SUN ) , the position he has held since 1998 .	( NYSE : SUN ) , a position he has held since 1998 .	the_a	3595
The authentic bond was forged .	An authentic bond was forged .	the_a	3596
For the minority , this may be true .	For a minority , this may be true .	the_a	3597
The day after he arrived in Washington Mr. Johnson died .	A day after he arrived in Washington Mr. Johnson died .	the_a	3598
Bake until the toothpick comes out clean , 18 to 20 minutes .	Bake until a toothpick comes out clean , 18 to 20 minutes .	the_a	3599
The bank or trust company manager directs the investments .	A bank or trust company manager directs the investments .	the_a	3600
The Baathist cabinet is appointed and Amin al-Hafez becomes president .	A Baathist cabinet is appointed and Amin al-Hafez becomes president .	the_a	3601
Arson attack on disused warehouse If the solution presents itself , try it .	Arson attack on disused warehouse If a solution presents itself , try it .	the_a	3602
But somehow , the spark plug was not quite firing .	But somehow , a spark plug was not quite firing .	the_a	3603
For the man to obtain an advantage by a trick is inherently dishonest .	For a man to obtain an advantage by a trick is inherently dishonest .	the_a	3604
Two Others , The Mother And Daughter , Were Moderately Injured .	Two Others , A Mother And Daughter , Were Moderately Injured .	the_a	3605
Along With The Exercise , The Regular Stretching Programme Is Also Recommended .	Along With The Exercise , A Regular Stretching Programme Is Also Recommended .	the_a	3606
In the nutshell , TV channels need to do something new .	In a nutshell , TV channels need to do something new .	the_a	3607
The subsequent shower is essential .	A subsequent shower is essential .	the_a	3608
But the tiny company in North Carolina was not laughing .	But a tiny company in North Carolina was not laughing .	the_a	3609
The precedent was set .	A precedent was set .	the_a	3610
The external jolt of electricity helps generate hydrogen gas at the cathode .	An external jolt of electricity helps generate hydrogen gas at the cathode .	the_a	3611
The poor showing in the preseason helped cost Leftwich his job in Jacksonville .	A poor showing in the preseason helped cost Leftwich his job in Jacksonville .	the_a	3612
Transfer roast to the platter and remove foil from bone ends .	Transfer roast to a platter and remove foil from bone ends .	the_a	3613
The BMI over 25 is deemed overweight and greater than 30 is obese .	A BMI over 25 is deemed overweight and greater than 30 is obese .	the_a	3614
The mischievous glint crossed his face .	A mischievous glint crossed his face .	the_a	3615
The Japanese vessel is to make a reciprocal visit at a later date .	A Japanese vessel is to make a reciprocal visit at a later date .	the_a	3616
" The big celebration , " she said .	" A big celebration , " she said .	the_a	3617
All requests for the interview were referred to the Obama campaign .	All requests for an interview were referred to the Obama campaign .	the_a	3618
The timeline for settling these issues was agreed at the end of August .	A timeline for settling these issues was agreed at the end of August .	the_a	3619
From the point of morality , solidarity that is impossible .	From a point of morality , solidarity that is impossible .	the_a	3620
The makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Baghdad .	the_a	3621
Such the development has been touted in Iraq 's Anbar province .	Such a development has been touted in Iraq 's Anbar province .	the_a	3622
The trial was scheduled for January , Warren said .	A trial was scheduled for January , Warren said .	the_a	3623
How big the return can you expect to get on your investments ?	How big a return can you expect to get on your investments ?	the_a	3624
On the intellectual level , I knew it was not my fault .	On an intellectual level , I knew it was not my fault .	the_a	3625
The Ford spokeswoman declined to comment .	A Ford spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	3626
The SCHEME starts today to preserve hen harriers in the Highlands .	A SCHEME starts today to preserve hen harriers in the Highlands .	the_a	3627
The brother-in-law of Mr. DeSena 's said he used to compete in tournaments .	A brother-in-law of Mr. DeSena 's said he used to compete in tournaments .	the_a	3628
Finally the minibus arrived .	Finally a minibus arrived .	the_a	3629
But the case can be made that the party needs precisely the opposite .	But a case can be made that the party needs precisely the opposite .	the_a	3630
The spokeswoman said he hyperextended his knee , but was fine .	A spokeswoman said he hyperextended his knee , but was fine .	the_a	3631
For the moment , he does not sound very orthogonal .	For a moment , he does not sound very orthogonal .	the_a	3632
Moreover , the degree of speculation is essential to the liquidity of markets .	Moreover , a degree of speculation is essential to the liquidity of markets .	the_a	3633
The search party went out but had to give up in the darkness .	A search party went out but had to give up in the darkness .	the_a	3634
Summers , however , in the speech last week , urged bolder action .	Summers , however , in a speech last week , urged bolder action .	the_a	3635
The van hit the part and burst into flames .	A van hit the part and burst into flames .	the_a	3636
The lot of them just have a conceit .	A lot of them just have a conceit .	the_a	3637
The species is threatened if it is likely to become endangered .	A species is threatened if it is likely to become endangered .	the_a	3638
On the good day they 'll apprehend 60 or 70 chickens .	On a good day they 'll apprehend 60 or 70 chickens .	the_a	3639
The spokesman for the producers says they are ready for another long standoff .	A spokesman for the producers says they are ready for another long standoff .	the_a	3640
The total of 13 people were arrested in last Friday 's raids .	A total of 13 people were arrested in last Friday 's raids .	the_a	3641
The Venomous Knight So I have got to make my changes , too .	A Venomous Knight So I have got to make my changes , too .	the_a	3642
In 1999 , the art therapist began observing signs of depression .	In 1999 , an art therapist began observing signs of depression .	the_a	3643
The ideal supply is around 60 days .	An ideal supply is around 60 days .	the_a	3644
In the short time since , its politics have been transformed .	In a short time since , its politics have been transformed .	the_a	3645
The lot also depends on the successor .	A lot also depends on the successor .	the_a	3646
The London car chase that should be nerve-racking is merely noisy .	A London car chase that should be nerve-racking is merely noisy .	the_a	3647
The CIA spokesman refused to confirm what techniques the agency uses .	A CIA spokesman refused to confirm what techniques the agency uses .	the_a	3648
Suddenly the gray Oldsmobile appeared from the east .	Suddenly a gray Oldsmobile appeared from the east .	the_a	3649
The replay of the webcast presentation will be available for 90 days .	A replay of the webcast presentation will be available for 90 days .	the_a	3650
The indictment is merely a formal charge by the grand jury .	An indictment is merely a formal charge by the grand jury .	the_a	3651
The murmur travels through the crowd .	A murmur travels through the crowd .	the_a	3652
In 1995 , the second jury convicted him and sentenced him to die .	In 1995 , a second jury convicted him and sentenced him to die .	the_a	3653
The motorbike rider has died in an accident at an event in Worcestershire .	A motorbike rider has died in an accident at an event in Worcestershire .	the_a	3654
, for the weekend of Broadway shows .	, for a weekend of Broadway shows .	the_a	3655
, the program that aids girls plan for successful futures .	, a program that aids girls plan for successful futures .	the_a	3656
The team of 30 doctors was participating in the surgery .	A team of 30 doctors was participating in the surgery .	the_a	3657
For the Indians , the streak without the championship stretches back to 1948 .	For the Indians , the streak without a championship stretches back to 1948 .	the_a	3658
The health board spokeswoman said the hospitals were being monitored .	A health board spokeswoman said the hospitals were being monitored .	the_a	3659
The Merrill Lynch spokesman said that the lawsuit had no merit .	A Merrill Lynch spokesman said that the lawsuit had no merit .	the_a	3660
The selection of Northern Renaissance wood and ivory carvings shows extraordinary delicacy .	A selection of Northern Renaissance wood and ivory carvings shows extraordinary delicacy .	the_a	3661
In the lawsuit filed this month , Charles C. Foti Jr .	In a lawsuit filed this month , Charles C. Foti Jr .	the_a	3662
The U.S. military investigation also concluded that the shootings were unprovoked .	A U.S. military investigation also concluded that the shootings were unprovoked .	the_a	3663
The film will be shown .	A film will be shown .	the_a	3664
The Wild West approach could also make the primary season absurdly early .	A Wild West approach could also make the primary season absurdly early .	the_a	3665
The global vacancy exists for somebody with good plans for handling tyrants .	A global vacancy exists for somebody with good plans for handling tyrants .	the_a	3666
But now with the competitive world it really is not .	But now with a competitive world it really is not .	the_a	3667
After the five-year boom , the housing market went bust last year .	After a five-year boom , the housing market went bust last year .	the_a	3668
The N.B.A. spokesman did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	An N.B.A. spokesman did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	the_a	3669
Thus the promising shoot is trampled by the restless boot of innovation .	Thus a promising shoot is trampled by the restless boot of innovation .	the_a	3670
The lot of coaches and people upstairs have to deal with this .	A lot of coaches and people upstairs have to deal with this .	the_a	3671
But at $ 720 the night , what do you get ?	But at $ 720 a night , what do you get ?	the_a	3672
Yet the estimated 400,000 teenagers still give birth each year .	Yet an estimated 400,000 teenagers still give birth each year .	the_a	3673
For the change , his pitchers did not blow the game .	For a change , his pitchers did not blow the game .	the_a	3674
And what the searing witness Owen proved to be .	And what a searing witness Owen proved to be .	the_a	3675
The personality of the leader can save situations like these .	The personality of a leader can save situations like these .	the_a	3676
The friend of a friend once called in stabbed to work .	A friend of a friend once called in stabbed to work .	the_a	3677
The hearing was scheduled for October 26 .	A hearing was scheduled for October 26 .	the_a	3678
The fascination with food is buried deep in Japan 's cultural make-up .	A fascination with food is buried deep in Japan 's cultural make-up .	the_a	3679
to the teenager everything is an emergency .	to a teenager everything is an emergency .	the_a	3680
In the e-mail message , Mr. Zammit defended the practice .	In an e-mail message , Mr. Zammit defended the practice .	the_a	3681
The nursing home fire in Siberia in June killed 10 people .	A nursing home fire in Siberia in June killed 10 people .	the_a	3682
The moment later , Jack hid his face in his hands .	A moment later , Jack hid his face in his hands .	the_a	3683
10 on the declared mission to force Musharraf from power .	10 on a declared mission to force Musharraf from power .	the_a	3684
Now the upstart would need just a few hundred million .	Now an upstart would need just a few hundred million .	the_a	3685
Or , if the person is threatening someone or a number of people .	Or , if a person is threatening someone or a number of people .	the_a	3686
Even the sketch that easily could have been homophobic winds up surprisingly sweet .	Even a sketch that easily could have been homophobic winds up surprisingly sweet .	the_a	3687
The lack of the waste disposal site is a key obstacle to expansion .	The lack of a waste disposal site is a key obstacle to expansion .	the_a	3688
" " The swimsuit model fills in Annalisa Petralia 's shoes ?	" " A swimsuit model fills in Annalisa Petralia 's shoes ?	the_a	3689
The spokesman for Perkins did not respond to requests for comment Monday .	A spokesman for Perkins did not respond to requests for comment Monday .	the_a	3690
Such the law would neatly encompass both suits .	Such a law would neatly encompass both suits .	the_a	3691
After the slow start , Operation Nest Egg is picking up momentum .	After a slow start , Operation Nest Egg is picking up momentum .	the_a	3692
The judge in Minnesota rejected that effort .	A judge in Minnesota rejected that effort .	the_a	3693
Everybody at the certain level can hit the shots .	Everybody at a certain level can hit the shots .	the_a	3694
Except for the few details , they failed .	Except for a few details , they failed .	the_a	3695
The little return generosity would hardly come amiss .	A little return generosity would hardly come amiss .	the_a	3696
Even for the fan , 48 minutes is a lot of Soulja Boy .	Even for a fan , 48 minutes is a lot of Soulja Boy .	the_a	3697
Romney : The lot of us weigh in .	Romney : A lot of us weigh in .	the_a	3698
But around the third of our oil is pumped here at home .	But around a third of our oil is pumped here at home .	the_a	3699
The lot of work produced ( by Milstein ) was unnecessary .	A lot of work produced ( by Milstein ) was unnecessary .	the_a	3700
The bearded Veres is pictured wearing distinctive light-blue denim dungarees .	A bearded Veres is pictured wearing distinctive light-blue denim dungarees .	the_a	3701
The official cause had not been announced .	An official cause had not been announced .	the_a	3702
The 12-YEAR-OLD schoolboy has died after contracting meningitis .	A 12-YEAR-OLD schoolboy has died after contracting meningitis .	the_a	3703
The lot of these parents simply want to be heroes at home .	A lot of these parents simply want to be heroes at home .	the_a	3704
In the sense , it is happening already .	In a sense , it is happening already .	the_a	3705
The senior police official said that they were detained for questioning .	A senior police official said that they were detained for questioning .	the_a	3706
In addition , the substantial number of patients never receive therapy .	In addition , a substantial number of patients never receive therapy .	the_a	3707
The spokeswoman for Porcari said yesterday that he had not seen the report .	A spokeswoman for Porcari said yesterday that he had not seen the report .	the_a	3708
The inauguration ceremony scheduled for Sunday has now been cancelled .	An inauguration ceremony scheduled for Sunday has now been cancelled .	the_a	3709
The Usada representative was sent to Austin , Tex .	A Usada representative was sent to Austin , Tex .	the_a	3710
The spokesman for the company did not respond to repeated requests for comment .	A spokesman for the company did not respond to repeated requests for comment .	the_a	3711
The hearing is scheduled for February .	A hearing is scheduled for February .	the_a	3712
The British serviceman killed in an explosion in southern Afghanistan has been named .	A British serviceman killed in an explosion in southern Afghanistan has been named .	the_a	3713
The woman 's body exhumed for clues three years after her death .	A woman 's body exhumed for clues three years after her death .	the_a	3714
The IRS spokeswoman would not comment on the case .	An IRS spokeswoman would not comment on the case .	the_a	3715
The private spat has become a public brawl .	A private spat has become a public brawl .	the_a	3716
, the Little Rock investment-banking firm that anted up about $ 35,000 .	, a Little Rock investment-banking firm that anted up about $ 35,000 .	the_a	3717
The ACCC spokeswoman declined to comment .	An ACCC spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	3718
The verdict is expected in the hearing on Wednesday or Thursday .	A verdict is expected in the hearing on Wednesday or Thursday .	the_a	3719
The Djokovic-Nadal semifinal is intriguing .	A Djokovic-Nadal semifinal is intriguing .	the_a	3720
The spokeswoman for Blackwater did not respond to an e-mail request for comment .	A spokeswoman for Blackwater did not respond to an e-mail request for comment .	the_a	3721
The American would feel at home here .	An American would feel at home here .	the_a	3722
More than the decade later , Johnson is still helping his alma mater .	More than a decade later , Johnson is still helping his alma mater .	the_a	3723
The Data Physics representative did not immediately return a call .	A Data Physics representative did not immediately return a call .	the_a	3724
What the interesting , compact , sturdy man Spenser was .	What an interesting , compact , sturdy man Spenser was .	the_a	3725
The post-mortem examination indicated Mr Hayward died from head injuries .	A post-mortem examination indicated Mr Hayward died from head injuries .	the_a	3726
The avid hunter and fishermen , Braddy was familiar with The Everglades .	An avid hunter and fishermen , Braddy was familiar with The Everglades .	the_a	3727
The clue as to the editor 's intentions emerges in the title .	A clue as to the editor 's intentions emerges in the title .	the_a	3728
One load at the time , an island was built .	One load at a time , an island was built .	the_a	3729
The Boeing spokesman did not return a phone call seeking comment .	A Boeing spokesman did not return a phone call seeking comment .	the_a	3730
, the Miami-based public relations executive who is on the board .	, a Miami-based public relations executive who is on the board .	the_a	3731
The lot of companies have them now .	A lot of companies have them now .	the_a	3732
The Siemens spokesman declined to comment .	A Siemens spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	3733
In 2003 , the Lerwick sheriff ruled in the Moncrieffs ' favour .	In 2003 , a Lerwick sheriff ruled in the Moncrieffs ' favour .	the_a	3734
In central Madaripur district , the AFP reporter saw village after village devastated .	In central Madaripur district , an AFP reporter saw village after village devastated .	the_a	3735
The second example involves the gene for the blood-clotting protein called prothrombin .	A second example involves the gene for the blood-clotting protein called prothrombin .	the_a	3736
The copy of the 37-page report was obtained by The Associated Press .	A copy of the 37-page report was obtained by The Associated Press .	the_a	3737
Because the lot of our students do not even know what veterans are .	Because a lot of our students do not even know what veterans are .	the_a	3738
The closest thing to the move on him was cloaked in humor .	The closest thing to a move on him was cloaked in humor .	the_a	3739
The second man arrested in connection with the incident was released without charge .	A second man arrested in connection with the incident was released without charge .	the_a	3740
The delicate dance The problem is not just Mr. Thompson 's .	A delicate dance The problem is not just Mr. Thompson 's .	the_a	3741
The reading of more than 50 points reflects more positive than negative responses .	A reading of more than 50 points reflects more positive than negative responses .	the_a	3742
The version of the law has also been introduced at the federal level .	A version of the law has also been introduced at the federal level .	the_a	3743
The incessant pop , pop , pop fills the air .	An incessant pop , pop , pop fills the air .	the_a	3744
The representative for Ellis could not be located .	A representative for Ellis could not be located .	the_a	3745
The post mortem examination will be held on Friday .	A post mortem examination will be held on Friday .	the_a	3746
The sharp break from the strategy that lost three elections is essential .	A sharp break from the strategy that lost three elections is essential .	the_a	3747
The Risch-LaRocco battle next year would be a rematch for a different prize .	A Risch-LaRocco battle next year would be a rematch for a different prize .	the_a	3748
Sunday at the time when some of the peacekeepers ran out of ammunition .	Sunday at a time when some of the peacekeepers ran out of ammunition .	the_a	3749
While the milestone , the move is no surprise .	While a milestone , the move is no surprise .	the_a	3750
OUTDOOR SPACE : The deck has city and mountain views .	OUTDOOR SPACE : A deck has city and mountain views .	the_a	3751
The person familiar with the negotiations confirmed the details of the settlement proposal .	A person familiar with the negotiations confirmed the details of the settlement proposal .	the_a	3752
The message left for his attorney Richard Hirsch also was not immediately returned .	A message left for his attorney Richard Hirsch also was not immediately returned .	the_a	3753
and the lot of people died in those two years' Gomez said .	and a lot of people died in those two years' Gomez said .	the_a	3754
After the few weeks on the program , Adrian 's cholesterol was normal .	After a few weeks on the program , Adrian 's cholesterol was normal .	the_a	3755
The next client , the disabled truck driver , is confused and worried .	The next client , a disabled truck driver , is confused and worried .	the_a	3756
The custody hearing was set for Jan. 25 , 2005 .	A custody hearing was set for Jan. 25 , 2005 .	the_a	3757
The lawsuit challenging the environmental impact statement for the project was also unsuccessful .	A lawsuit challenging the environmental impact statement for the project was also unsuccessful .	the_a	3758
In 1945 the first of the dozen Pippi books was published .	In 1945 the first of a dozen Pippi books was published .	the_a	3759
For the majority of us , we still have soft hearts .	For a majority of us , we still have soft hearts .	the_a	3760
The similar situation occurred in 1993 .	A similar situation occurred in 1993 .	the_a	3761
The fourth vehicle , burned out , was parked beneath the home .	A fourth vehicle , burned out , was parked beneath the home .	the_a	3762
The additional 24 percent responded that Congress should vote against the supplemental unconditionally .	An additional 24 percent responded that Congress should vote against the supplemental unconditionally .	the_a	3763
The 19-year-old was arrested in Plymouth and is awaiting questioning .	A 19-year-old was arrested in Plymouth and is awaiting questioning .	the_a	3764
The police spokesman asked motorists to avoid the area .	A police spokesman asked motorists to avoid the area .	the_a	3765
The man explaining why he is going to be late for dinner .	A man explaining why he is going to be late for dinner .	the_a	3766
The Samak government might have just as fractious a relationship with the palace .	A Samak government might have just as fractious a relationship with the palace .	the_a	3767
The international peace conference expected to take place in Annapolis , Md .	An international peace conference expected to take place in Annapolis , Md .	the_a	3768
The increasingly vocal , potent and widespread anti-coal movement is developing here .	An increasingly vocal , potent and widespread anti-coal movement is developing here .	the_a	3769
The garage air gun blasts hair clippings off a finished head of hair .	A garage air gun blasts hair clippings off a finished head of hair .	the_a	3770
The sixth child , Terry Brown , has hired a different attorney .	A sixth child , Terry Brown , has hired a different attorney .	the_a	3771
The unknown buyer canceled a 130,000-ton order of soybeans .	An unknown buyer canceled a 130,000-ton order of soybeans .	the_a	3772
About the dozen firefighters were combing through the wreckage .	About a dozen firefighters were combing through the wreckage .	the_a	3773
The representative office in Beijing allows us to build on that platform .	A representative office in Beijing allows us to build on that platform .	the_a	3774
Mr. Young , through the spokeswoman , declined to be interviewed .	Mr. Young , through a spokeswoman , declined to be interviewed .	the_a	3775
The drug called Avastin targets EGFR , as does a pill called Tarceva .	A drug called Avastin targets EGFR , as does a pill called Tarceva .	the_a	3776
The shooting in the Baghdad square last month killed 17 Iraqi civilians .	The shooting in a Baghdad square last month killed 17 Iraqi civilians .	the_a	3777
In 1970 , the UAW strike against GM rippled through the economy .	In 1970 , a UAW strike against GM rippled through the economy .	the_a	3778
The couple of guard dogs sleep with the sheep .	A couple of guard dogs sleep with the sheep .	the_a	3779
" The careless mistake there , " Creamer said .	" A careless mistake there , " Creamer said .	the_a	3780
But the off-speed pitch fooled Ortiz and he escaped .	But an off-speed pitch fooled Ortiz and he escaped .	the_a	3781
The spokesman for UBS , Serge Steiner , declined to comment .	A spokesman for UBS , Serge Steiner , declined to comment .	the_a	3782
The spokesman for Mahindra also would not comment .	A spokesman for Mahindra also would not comment .	the_a	3783
But the miserable job is universal .	But a miserable job is universal .	the_a	3784
James Taylor , the lifelong Red Sox fan , sang the national anthem .	James Taylor , a lifelong Red Sox fan , sang the national anthem .	the_a	3785
The large proportion is taken before they can reach breeding age .	A large proportion is taken before they can reach breeding age .	the_a	3786
Or for the longing to retrieve them .	Or for a longing to retrieve them .	the_a	3787
The slow seller that favored performance over fuel economy .	A slow seller that favored performance over fuel economy .	the_a	3788
The host of discontents has crystallised around the arrest of Mr Okruashvili .	A host of discontents has crystallised around the arrest of Mr Okruashvili .	the_a	3789
The Russian military official echoed that hope .	A Russian military official echoed that hope .	the_a	3790
The car carrying fleeing thugs ran down and injured a vendor .	A car carrying fleeing thugs ran down and injured a vendor .	the_a	3791
, and the ensemble , which he conducted from the harpsichord .	, and an ensemble , which he conducted from the harpsichord .	the_a	3792
Only the handful of the contracts have been made public .	Only a handful of the contracts have been made public .	the_a	3793
To the bird , this fluke-filled eyestalk looks like a caterpillar .	To a bird , this fluke-filled eyestalk looks like a caterpillar .	the_a	3794
The doctor will not deliver a verdict .	A doctor will not deliver a verdict .	the_a	3795
The selection of your comments appears below .	A selection of your comments appears below .	the_a	3796
In the small bowl , combine the ice water and vinegar .	In a small bowl , combine the ice water and vinegar .	the_a	3797
The third-generation horseman , he says he has handled 100,000 horses .	A third-generation horseman , he says he has handled 100,000 horses .	the_a	3798
The team of US experts has begun disabling North Korea 's nuclear facilities .	A team of US experts has begun disabling North Korea 's nuclear facilities .	the_a	3799
" The honest Rhodesian , " a political poster proclaimed in 1964 .	" An honest Rhodesian , " a political poster proclaimed in 1964 .	the_a	3800
The spokeswoman for MERS declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for MERS declined to comment .	the_a	3801
In the manner where sometimes we have to agree to disagree .	In a manner where sometimes we have to agree to disagree .	the_a	3802
Assover : Any holiday dinner at which the unwanted in-law makes an appearance .	Assover : Any holiday dinner at which an unwanted in-law makes an appearance .	the_a	3803
The 24-year-old man has been arrested and is being questioned by police .	A 24-year-old man has been arrested and is being questioned by police .	the_a	3804
The emotional rally against bigotry attracted approximately 2,000 people .	An emotional rally against bigotry attracted approximately 2,000 people .	the_a	3805
Michael Rains , the lawyer for Bonds , declined to comment .	Michael Rains , a lawyer for Bonds , declined to comment .	the_a	3806
FIFTEEN hours the day is a long time to spend at any job .	FIFTEEN hours a day is a long time to spend at any job .	the_a	3807
The spokesperson for Dean turned down several requests for an interview with NEWSWEEK .	A spokesperson for Dean turned down several requests for an interview with NEWSWEEK .	the_a	3808
Anti-fashion The Exciting New Product From Southern California South can succeed without guessing .	Anti-fashion An Exciting New Product From Southern California South can succeed without guessing .	the_a	3809
The judge denied bail for her last week .	A judge denied bail for her last week .	the_a	3810
The curved granite staircase leads up to the first floor .	A curved granite staircase leads up to the first floor .	the_a	3811
The fight may be in the offing .	A fight may be in the offing .	the_a	3812
All of the sudden , he stopped .	All of a sudden , he stopped .	the_a	3813
Nevertheless , the few niggling doubts arose , even at the time .	Nevertheless , a few niggling doubts arose , even at the time .	the_a	3814
The less aggressive therapy may be just as effective .	A less aggressive therapy may be just as effective .	the_a	3815
The example : Recessions happen even though people do not want them to .	An example : Recessions happen even though people do not want them to .	the_a	3816
The grand total of four pike were killed .	A grand total of four pike were killed .	the_a	3817
The friend reported him missing when he did not return .	A friend reported him missing when he did not return .	the_a	3818
Obstacles to such the plan are huge .	Obstacles to such a plan are huge .	the_a	3819
The drug screen also revealed the cat had benzodiazepines in its system .	A drug screen also revealed the cat had benzodiazepines in its system .	the_a	3820
[ The senior intelligence official said that U.S. intelligence is examining the picture .	[ A senior intelligence official said that U.S. intelligence is examining the picture .	the_a	3821
And in the World Cup , no-one cares for losers .	And in a World Cup , no-one cares for losers .	the_a	3822
The cyclist rides past cooling towers of a coal-fired power plant outside Beijing .	A cyclist rides past cooling towers of a coal-fired power plant outside Beijing .	the_a	3823
The oft-cited one is the changing structure of the economy .	An oft-cited one is the changing structure of the economy .	the_a	3824
Now the handful of African carriers are left servicing regional routes .	Now a handful of African carriers are left servicing regional routes .	the_a	3825
The decision is expected to be made later in November .	A decision is expected to be made later in November .	the_a	3826
The true Chinese change of heart would be welcomed by critics .	A true Chinese change of heart would be welcomed by critics .	the_a	3827
Pause ... before the word Can meteorites make you sick ?	Pause ... before a word Can meteorites make you sick ?	the_a	3828
The meteor recently crashed in this country .	A meteor recently crashed in this country .	the_a	3829
id = 1844122007 Only the handful of Malibu homes were destroyed .	id = 1844122007 Only a handful of Malibu homes were destroyed .	the_a	3830
Results of the autopsy were pending .	Results of an autopsy were pending .	the_a	3831
Such The Move Would Have Plunged Lebanon Into A Political And Constitutional Catastrophe .	Such A Move Would Have Plunged Lebanon Into A Political And Constitutional Catastrophe .	the_a	3832
The final decision is due next month .	A final decision is due next month .	the_a	3833
But the few clues slipped out .	But a few clues slipped out .	the_a	3834
And to the degree i sit in this camp .	And to a degree i sit in this camp .	the_a	3835
The few brilliant offseason acquisitions are more than enough .	A few brilliant offseason acquisitions are more than enough .	the_a	3836
The Northamptonshire Police spokesman said investigations into the incident were continuing .	A Northamptonshire Police spokesman said investigations into the incident were continuing .	the_a	3837
The Emmy could soon follow .	An Emmy could soon follow .	the_a	3838
The younger George Steinbrenner would never have let this go so far .	A younger George Steinbrenner would never have let this go so far .	the_a	3839
The MINISTER who delivered sermons to the Royal Family has died aged 92 .	A MINISTER who delivered sermons to the Royal Family has died aged 92 .	the_a	3840
The streetcar travels along St. Charles Avenue in New Orleans on Saturday .	A streetcar travels along St. Charles Avenue in New Orleans on Saturday .	the_a	3841
For the start , the position is complicated by translation differences .	For a start , the position is complicated by translation differences .	the_a	3842
The few brave PPP supporters hit the road .	A few brave PPP supporters hit the road .	the_a	3843
The investigation which , they say , leads directly back to China .	An investigation which , they say , leads directly back to China .	the_a	3844
Without explanation , the hole has been punched in the gallery wall .	Without explanation , a hole has been punched in the gallery wall .	the_a	3845
He and the friend chased the robbers and ended up catching them .	He and a friend chased the robbers and ended up catching them .	the_a	3846
The testy relationship could be a problem .	A testy relationship could be a problem .	the_a	3847
The isolated torsion bar crossmember helps minimize road noise .	An isolated torsion bar crossmember helps minimize road noise .	the_a	3848
Monica Dixon , the Warner spokeswoman , declined to comment .	Monica Dixon , a Warner spokeswoman , declined to comment .	the_a	3849
The stranger answered and informed him that Sahib had been injured .	A stranger answered and informed him that Sahib had been injured .	the_a	3850
The news conference was scheduled Friday afternoon to discuss the case .	A news conference was scheduled Friday afternoon to discuss the case .	the_a	3851
The generator , cow and goat were raffled off .	A generator , cow and goat were raffled off .	the_a	3852
After the brief delay , play resumed .	After a brief delay , play resumed .	the_a	3853
The I am not sure .	A I am not sure .	the_a	3854
The MAN went on trial yesterday accused of murdering his eight-month-old daughter .	A MAN went on trial yesterday accused of murdering his eight-month-old daughter .	the_a	3855
The restaurant or coffee shop can simply sign up online .	A restaurant or coffee shop can simply sign up online .	the_a	3856
The related bill was recently introduced in the Senate .	A related bill was recently introduced in the Senate .	the_a	3857
The lot of people are backing them to do well , including myself .	A lot of people are backing them to do well , including myself .	the_a	3858
The diet regime will work over roughly the same period .	A diet regime will work over roughly the same period .	the_a	3859
The .38-caliber Colt Special revolver lay at her feet .	A .38-caliber Colt Special revolver lay at her feet .	the_a	3860
The court date was set for Thursday .	A court date was set for Thursday .	the_a	3861
The car registered to Griffith in Texas was found near Dehart 's body .	A car registered to Griffith in Texas was found near Dehart 's body .	the_a	3862
How big the issue is identity theft in the UK ?	How big an issue is identity theft in the UK ?	the_a	3863
The autopsy was expected to be conducted by Wednesday .	An autopsy was expected to be conducted by Wednesday .	the_a	3864
Deep in the garage of Nadine Bloch , the ghoulish devil lurks .	Deep in the garage of Nadine Bloch , a ghoulish devil lurks .	the_a	3865
The tsunami warning drill on Java was unaffected by Wednesday 's disasters .	A tsunami warning drill on Java was unaffected by Wednesday 's disasters .	the_a	3866
The week before the session is expected to begin in Annapolis , Md .	A week before the session is expected to begin in Annapolis , Md .	the_a	3867
The union representing 5,000 tobacco workers soon gained recognition .	A union representing 5,000 tobacco workers soon gained recognition .	the_a	3868
The chunk of wood hit him in the leg .	A chunk of wood hit him in the leg .	the_a	3869
The phone message left with Cruise 's publicist was not immediately returned .	A phone message left with Cruise 's publicist was not immediately returned .	the_a	3870
Later , the agent also infiltrated the group .	Later , an agent also infiltrated the group .	the_a	3871
The implosion brought the Sands down in a few seconds Thursday night .	An implosion brought the Sands down in a few seconds Thursday night .	the_a	3872
The telephone message left at Dreamworks offices for comment was not immediately returned .	A telephone message left at Dreamworks offices for comment was not immediately returned .	the_a	3873
The statement of intent is no longer accepted .	A statement of intent is no longer accepted .	the_a	3874
The special version has been agreed that does not offend Saudi sensibilities .	A special version has been agreed that does not offend Saudi sensibilities .	the_a	3875
The gram is about the weight of a paper clip .	A gram is about the weight of a paper clip .	the_a	3876
The gap between the desire and its satiation is fleeting .	The gap between a desire and its satiation is fleeting .	the_a	3877
But perhaps the more persuasive explanation is simply that Germany lost the war .	But perhaps a more persuasive explanation is simply that Germany lost the war .	the_a	3878
The Civilian Was Also Injured In The Clash , And Evacuated To Hospital .	A Civilian Was Also Injured In The Clash , And Evacuated To Hospital .	the_a	3879
The spokeswoman said Ms. Meyer would make no other statements now .	A spokeswoman said Ms. Meyer would make no other statements now .	the_a	3880
The simple majority was needed for victory .	A simple majority was needed for victory .	the_a	3881
The toll-free number for loan information and repayment questions also helps .	A toll-free number for loan information and repayment questions also helps .	the_a	3882
The estimated 70,000 people have been killed .	An estimated 70,000 people have been killed .	the_a	3883
Plans for the private memorial service are pending .	Plans for a private memorial service are pending .	the_a	3884
The confidential settlement with Sony was reached in October 2006 .	A confidential settlement with Sony was reached in October 2006 .	the_a	3885
Look for the home near your son in which you will be comfortable .	Look for a home near your son in which you will be comfortable .	the_a	3886
" Just the hack and hope , " Davies called it .	" Just a hack and hope , " Davies called it .	the_a	3887
The number of N.F.L. coaches would have had publicists send out releases .	A number of N.F.L. coaches would have had publicists send out releases .	the_a	3888
... The nanometer is one-billionth of a meter .	... A nanometer is one-billionth of a meter .	the_a	3889
The sign outside flashes a thank-you to firefighters and then advertises spa treatments .	A sign outside flashes a thank-you to firefighters and then advertises spa treatments .	the_a	3890
The call to Rubin 's office was forwarded to Hanretta .	A call to Rubin 's office was forwarded to Hanretta .	the_a	3891
The single harbor wave could send porcelain crashing to the floor .	A single harbor wave could send porcelain crashing to the floor .	the_a	3892
But after the few months , both men got lazy .	But after a few months , both men got lazy .	the_a	3893
The call to Lewis ' representative was not immediately returned .	A call to Lewis ' representative was not immediately returned .	the_a	3894
His jumper with just over the minute left made it a three-point game .	His jumper with just over a minute left made it a three-point game .	the_a	3895
The replay of the webcast will be available until January 19 , 2008 .	A replay of the webcast will be available until January 19 , 2008 .	the_a	3896
The African-American student apparently dozed as she spoke .	An African-American student apparently dozed as she spoke .	the_a	3897
For the Chicago mobster , life in the sticks could be difficult .	For a Chicago mobster , life in the sticks could be difficult .	the_a	3898
For the schedule of upcoming games on SIRIUS visit www.sirius.com / collegesports .	For a schedule of upcoming games on SIRIUS visit www.sirius.com / collegesports .	the_a	3899
The hotel employee intervened and pulled Weeks off her , police said .	A hotel employee intervened and pulled Weeks off her , police said .	the_a	3900
The standing ovation followed .	A standing ovation followed .	the_a	3901
The team from China won .	A team from China won .	the_a	3902
The English Grand Committee would make the relationship between MPs more equal .	An English Grand Committee would make the relationship between MPs more equal .	the_a	3903
The series of terrorist bombings have rocked India in the past two years .	A series of terrorist bombings have rocked India in the past two years .	the_a	3904
Sometimes the magazine asks the right question to the right person .	Sometimes a magazine asks the right question to the right person .	the_a	3905
Finally , after the hour we began moving again .	Finally , after an hour we began moving again .	the_a	3906
The UBS spokeswoman declined to comment on which locations would be hardest hit .	A UBS spokeswoman declined to comment on which locations would be hardest hit .	the_a	3907
The brownie trifle would certainly appeal to the kids at the table .	A brownie trifle would certainly appeal to the kids at the table .	the_a	3908
The wristband costing £ 15 allowed the ticket-holders access to all the arenas .	A wristband costing £ 15 allowed the ticket-holders access to all the arenas .	the_a	3909
The face-to-face meeting would follow .	A face-to-face meeting would follow .	the_a	3910
The young boy has been seriously hurt in a collision on Teesside .	A young boy has been seriously hurt in a collision on Teesside .	the_a	3911
In the distance , the owl hooted .	In the distance , an owl hooted .	the_a	3912
The replay of the call will be available on the site .	A replay of the call will be available on the site .	the_a	3913
Order , and the lead , were restored .	Order , and a lead , were restored .	the_a	3914
High above the leafy , cicada-filled courtyard , she finds respite there .	High above a leafy , cicada-filled courtyard , she finds respite there .	the_a	3915
The big lead in New Hampshire has weakened a bit .	A big lead in New Hampshire has weakened a bit .	the_a	3916
But perhaps the increased T cell response just makes infection more possible .	But perhaps an increased T cell response just makes infection more possible .	the_a	3917
The natural extension of Mosley 's social commentary is an interest in politics .	A natural extension of Mosley 's social commentary is an interest in politics .	the_a	3918
The Lebanese soldier guards the Lebanese Parliament building in downtown Beirut Monday .	A Lebanese soldier guards the Lebanese Parliament building in downtown Beirut Monday .	the_a	3919
The fisherman has died after taking ill on board a Borders-based fishing boat .	A fisherman has died after taking ill on board a Borders-based fishing boat .	the_a	3920
The spokeswoman in Tokyo for Bear Stearns was not immediately available for comment .	A spokeswoman in Tokyo for Bear Stearns was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	3921
Silent Light The love affair brings conflict in Carlos Reygadas 's film .	Silent Light A love affair brings conflict in Carlos Reygadas 's film .	the_a	3922
The steady stream of people joined those who had spent the night .	A steady stream of people joined those who had spent the night .	the_a	3923
, Consulting Geologist and the Qualified Person as defined by NI 43-101 .	, Consulting Geologist and a Qualified Person as defined by NI 43-101 .	the_a	3924
The full hearing is scheduled for two weeks ' time .	A full hearing is scheduled for two weeks ' time .	the_a	3925
The mere 4 % listed it at all .	A mere 4 % listed it at all .	the_a	3926
But since then , the chilly wind has blown through their natural habitat .	But since then , a chilly wind has blown through their natural habitat .	the_a	3927
The spokesman for the players union declined comment .	A spokesman for the players union declined comment .	the_a	3928
For the mass-market operation , Duboeuf serves up pretty good wine .	For a mass-market operation , Duboeuf serves up pretty good wine .	the_a	3929
Valk , the Dutch native , was in Myanmar for a 10-day vacation .	Valk , a Dutch native , was in Myanmar for a 10-day vacation .	the_a	3930
The Gore adviser made a similar prediction to Slate.com 's John Dickerson .	A Gore adviser made a similar prediction to Slate.com 's John Dickerson .	the_a	3931
The makeshift bomb exploded under their Humvee in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded under their Humvee in Baghdad .	the_a	3932
The Blackwater spokeswoman declined to comment .	A Blackwater spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	3933
The total package for the 60-story Midtown tower might cost $ 30,000 .	The total package for a 60-story Midtown tower might cost $ 30,000 .	the_a	3934
WASHINGTON - The stubbed toe can lead to having your foot amputated ?	WASHINGTON - A stubbed toe can lead to having your foot amputated ?	the_a	3935
The generational shift is taking place , too .	A generational shift is taking place , too .	the_a	3936
But the spokesman insisted the fleet had not been grounded .	But a spokesman insisted the fleet had not been grounded .	the_a	3937
Perhaps the even more acute challenge is water .	Perhaps an even more acute challenge is water .	the_a	3938
The investigation into the cause of the blaze has begun .	An investigation into the cause of the blaze has begun .	the_a	3939
The few hands shot up .	A few hands shot up .	the_a	3940
Last year , the blast at the mine killed 13 workers .	Last year , a blast at the mine killed 13 workers .	the_a	3941
The woman passenger was also hurt .	A woman passenger was also hurt .	the_a	3942
The couple of the islands have armed guards .	A couple of the islands have armed guards .	the_a	3943
Amazing what the support system A-Rod has assembled .	Amazing what a support system A-Rod has assembled .	the_a	3944
Subro College ( TM ) The new date has not been set .	Subro College ( TM ) A new date has not been set .	the_a	3945
The childhood accident blinded Mike May , but his disability never limited him .	A childhood accident blinded Mike May , but his disability never limited him .	the_a	3946
The large number of people still think he did not win the election .	A large number of people still think he did not win the election .	the_a	3947
The telephone message left for Dr. Mate yesterday was not returned .	A telephone message left for Dr. Mate yesterday was not returned .	the_a	3948
The massive sea horse rose from an hors d 'oeuvres table .	A massive sea horse rose from an hors d 'oeuvres table .	the_a	3949
What the boy gets : the Six Million Dollar Man Mission Control Center .	What a boy gets : the Six Million Dollar Man Mission Control Center .	the_a	3950
In the democracy , how do you explain this attachment to two families ?	In a democracy , how do you explain this attachment to two families ?	the_a	3951
Such the expansion is estimated to cost billions .	Such an expansion is estimated to cost billions .	the_a	3952
In the new ad , Obama continues to play the peacemaker .	In a new ad , Obama continues to play the peacemaker .	the_a	3953
KALTSCHMIDT : The while later , he got around to it .	KALTSCHMIDT : A while later , he got around to it .	the_a	3954
Even Gordon , the freshman and the conference 's top scorer , struggled .	Even Gordon , a freshman and the conference 's top scorer , struggled .	the_a	3955
The report by the French stockmarket regulator has been sent to prosecutors .	A report by the French stockmarket regulator has been sent to prosecutors .	the_a	3956
The second suck pulls it back to the throat .	A second suck pulls it back to the throat .	the_a	3957
But at the certain point , a line was crossed .	But at a certain point , a line was crossed .	the_a	3958
The prediction is an assertion that a certain event will happen .	A prediction is an assertion that a certain event will happen .	the_a	3959
The group ran towards the road shouting at Murphy .	A group ran towards the road shouting at Murphy .	the_a	3960
" The little better today , " he said before signing autographs .	" A little better today , " he said before signing autographs .	the_a	3961
The similar size raid took place in January .	A similar size raid took place in January .	the_a	3962
But the day later their emotional profiles had diverged according to personality type .	But a day later their emotional profiles had diverged according to personality type .	the_a	3963
The further 5m women require hospital treatment as a result of botched procedures .	A further 5m women require hospital treatment as a result of botched procedures .	the_a	3964
The separate report showed consumer confidence weakened this month .	A separate report showed consumer confidence weakened this month .	the_a	3965
The longer arrangement can encourage tenants to take better care of the property .	A longer arrangement can encourage tenants to take better care of the property .	the_a	3966
The perforated ulcer nearly killed Marceau in the Soviet Union in December 1985 .	A perforated ulcer nearly killed Marceau in the Soviet Union in December 1985 .	the_a	3967
Well , just the hair outside that group is Arenas .	Well , just a hair outside that group is Arenas .	the_a	3968
The similar fair is scheduled for Nov. 17 in Denver .	A similar fair is scheduled for Nov. 17 in Denver .	the_a	3969
But the Clover is a big commitment .	But a Clover is a big commitment .	the_a	3970
After the few sittings , Frey could not stand watching anymore .	After a few sittings , Frey could not stand watching anymore .	the_a	3971
The doctor thought she might have the flu .	A doctor thought she might have the flu .	the_a	3972
Commentary The lot of people do not know what he is going through .	Commentary A lot of people do not know what he is going through .	the_a	3973
The subsidiary of Targa is the general partner of the Partnership .	A subsidiary of Targa is the general partner of the Partnership .	the_a	3974
Now the detective was calling , asking for Mr. Cameron .	Now a detective was calling , asking for Mr. Cameron .	the_a	3975
The triumph in Iowa can kick-start a candidate towards his party 's nomination .	A triumph in Iowa can kick-start a candidate towards his party 's nomination .	the_a	3976
The retired lawyer could do legal work for the town .	A retired lawyer could do legal work for the town .	the_a	3977
The message left for Sauceda 's attorney of record was not returned Monday .	A message left for Sauceda 's attorney of record was not returned Monday .	the_a	3978
Meanwhile , the separate problem was brewing for ORU .	Meanwhile , a separate problem was brewing for ORU .	the_a	3979
The three-lane bridge is rapidly reduced to one lane .	A three-lane bridge is rapidly reduced to one lane .	the_a	3980
" " The alcohol issue is easier to detect .	" " An alcohol issue is easier to detect .	the_a	3981
The day later , three nooses were found hanging from the tree .	A day later , three nooses were found hanging from the tree .	the_a	3982
The pretty Spanish Baroque arch frames the staircase .	A pretty Spanish Baroque arch frames the staircase .	the_a	3983
DEAR CLARE : The individual cannot place a lien with the credit bureaus .	DEAR CLARE : An individual cannot place a lien with the credit bureaus .	the_a	3984
The lot of students fall asleep .	A lot of students fall asleep .	the_a	3985
The revamped Capital of Culture board was announced earlier this month .	A revamped Capital of Culture board was announced earlier this month .	the_a	3986
The sampling , by borough , follows .	A sampling , by borough , follows .	the_a	3987
The Google map displays the results .	A Google map displays the results .	the_a	3988
From that idea , the consumer movement has been born .	From that idea , a consumer movement has been born .	the_a	3989
Four months ago , the dead body of the female gorilla was found .	Four months ago , the dead body of a female gorilla was found .	the_a	3990
The Christmas tree decorated in a simple way to salute the troops .	A Christmas tree decorated in a simple way to salute the troops .	the_a	3991
Rather , the company the teen keeps could be much more important .	Rather , the company a teen keeps could be much more important .	the_a	3992
What the jerk you are , Hal .	What a jerk you are , Hal .	the_a	3993
Or whether the martini ought to taste like beer .	Or whether a martini ought to taste like beer .	the_a	3994
The moment passed .	A moment passed .	the_a	3995
The credit crunch would hurt .	A credit crunch would hurt .	the_a	3996
The good pedigree has always had a place in US politics .	A good pedigree has always had a place in US politics .	the_a	3997
On the subsequent trip , Litvinenko introduced him to another big security company .	On a subsequent trip , Litvinenko introduced him to another big security company .	the_a	3998
The neighbor found and returned him .	A neighbor found and returned him .	the_a	3999
The subsidiary , VTB Bank Europe , is based in London .	A subsidiary , VTB Bank Europe , is based in London .	the_a	4000
The black car approached my ambulance and a suicide bomber exploded his vehicle .	A black car approached my ambulance and a suicide bomber exploded his vehicle .	the_a	4001
Now the plethora of other stories cry out for the same treatment .	Now a plethora of other stories cry out for the same treatment .	the_a	4002
The total of 14 candidates are vying for to run for president .	A total of 14 candidates are vying for to run for president .	the_a	4003
The proposed deal came close but fell through in July .	A proposed deal came close but fell through in July .	the_a	4004
The pity , since the iPhone 's Web browser is the best ever .	A pity , since the iPhone 's Web browser is the best ever .	the_a	4005
The missed drug test is considered a failed test .	A missed drug test is considered a failed test .	the_a	4006
The ambulance arrived about five minutes after the birth .	An ambulance arrived about five minutes after the birth .	the_a	4007
In 1969 , the entire class of entry-level diplomats was sent to Vietnam .	In 1969 , an entire class of entry-level diplomats was sent to Vietnam .	the_a	4008
The student loan product is in the 2008 queue , he said .	A student loan product is in the 2008 queue , he said .	the_a	4009
And under the Conservative government we will control it .	And under a Conservative government we will control it .	the_a	4010
The report from the Federal Reserve added to the rally .	A report from the Federal Reserve added to the rally .	the_a	4011
Of course , the employer 's site offers more than listings .	Of course , an employer 's site offers more than listings .	the_a	4012
Talks on such the team are now occurring between the parties .	Talks on such a team are now occurring between the parties .	the_a	4013
The 75-percent approval vote is needed for induction .	A 75-percent approval vote is needed for induction .	the_a	4014
The inside look at their counsel , when we return , straight ahead .	An inside look at their counsel , when we return , straight ahead .	the_a	4015
The estimated 10,000 people were there on Tuesday , under smoky skies .	An estimated 10,000 people were there on Tuesday , under smoky skies .	the_a	4016
The fine Scottish word which conveys its meaning in its sound .	A fine Scottish word which conveys its meaning in its sound .	the_a	4017
The fifth person was tracked by a police dog .	A fifth person was tracked by a police dog .	the_a	4018
The cycle of retaliatory attacks between native Dutch and Moroccan immigrants ensued .	A cycle of retaliatory attacks between native Dutch and Moroccan immigrants ensued .	the_a	4019
The appeals court later reduced the sentence to a $ 4,000 fine .	An appeals court later reduced the sentence to a $ 4,000 fine .	the_a	4020
The above-the-knee length makes legs look longer , as do heels .	An above-the-knee length makes legs look longer , as do heels .	the_a	4021
The Dow Jones spokeswoman , Linda Dunbar , declined to comment last night .	A Dow Jones spokeswoman , Linda Dunbar , declined to comment last night .	the_a	4022
Only the handful has been fired from Gaza in the past .	Only a handful has been fired from Gaza in the past .	the_a	4023
The polar bear 's life usually lasts about 30 years .	A polar bear 's life usually lasts about 30 years .	the_a	4024
The natural scorer , DeRosa began playing competitively when she was 5 .	A natural scorer , DeRosa began playing competitively when she was 5 .	the_a	4025
The decision on whether to re-open the case is expected in January .	A decision on whether to re-open the case is expected in January .	the_a	4026
The single Andy Warhol wraps around all four walls of one big room .	A single Andy Warhol wraps around all four walls of one big room .	the_a	4027
The coffee jar-type bomb exploded during a Remembrance Day service in Newry .	A coffee jar-type bomb exploded during a Remembrance Day service in Newry .	the_a	4028
The alliance with what could have been a rival .	An alliance with what could have been a rival .	the_a	4029
The AP reporter at the scene estimated half that .	An AP reporter at the scene estimated half that .	the_a	4030
The group of banks had to bail out the fund and its shareholders .	A group of banks had to bail out the fund and its shareholders .	the_a	4031
TWO months ago Heftsiba , the Israeli construction firm , went bust .	TWO months ago Heftsiba , an Israeli construction firm , went bust .	the_a	4032
The narrative verdict was given over Mr Greaves ' death .	A narrative verdict was given over Mr Greaves ' death .	the_a	4033
The First spokesman said the bus was badly damaged .	A First spokesman said the bus was badly damaged .	the_a	4034
The stone monument on the shore marks the event .	A stone monument on the shore marks the event .	the_a	4035
The topic of his speech at the American Legion hall was veterans .	The topic of his speech at an American Legion hall was veterans .	the_a	4036
The wave of resignations ensues .	A wave of resignations ensues .	the_a	4037
The business can spring to life more quickly there than in Italy .	A business can spring to life more quickly there than in Italy .	the_a	4038
The Merrill Lynch spokesman said the company is cooperating with the SEC probe .	A Merrill Lynch spokesman said the company is cooperating with the SEC probe .	the_a	4039
The post-mortem examination and inquest will be arranged in due course .	A post-mortem examination and inquest will be arranged in due course .	the_a	4040
In the year or two , it 'll be another distro .	In a year or two , it 'll be another distro .	the_a	4041
The Lost Art : Instilling Respect It was designed to be conspicuous .	A Lost Art : Instilling Respect It was designed to be conspicuous .	the_a	4042
The fisherman walks along the receded shoreline of Georgia 's Lake Lanier .	A fisherman walks along the receded shoreline of Georgia 's Lake Lanier .	the_a	4043
But the U.S. official in Iraq seemed to take them in stride .	But a U.S. official in Iraq seemed to take them in stride .	the_a	4044
The reporter and a photographer were sitting in the back .	A reporter and a photographer were sitting in the back .	the_a	4045
Other examples of the decline in violence have emerged as well .	Other examples of a decline in violence have emerged as well .	the_a	4046
In the emergency the parliament could give itself one year .	In an emergency the parliament could give itself one year .	the_a	4047
Two policemen and the Afghan soldier were also wounded , Jumat said .	Two policemen and an Afghan soldier were also wounded , Jumat said .	the_a	4048
The Qualcomm representative could not immediately be reached for comment .	A Qualcomm representative could not immediately be reached for comment .	the_a	4049
The lot of toys from China have been recalled recently .	A lot of toys from China have been recalled recently .	the_a	4050
The Guinness official certified the record .	A Guinness official certified the record .	the_a	4051
The sluggish housing market is not the only problem for Home Depot .	A sluggish housing market is not the only problem for Home Depot .	the_a	4052
The weakening dollar makes U.S. exports more competitive abroad .	A weakening dollar makes U.S. exports more competitive abroad .	the_a	4053
The lot of this pain , alas , is necessary .	A lot of this pain , alas , is necessary .	the_a	4054
The spokesman for Scotland Yard said the man was later freed on bail .	A spokesman for Scotland Yard said the man was later freed on bail .	the_a	4055
The Aramco official contacted by phone by The Associated Press declined further comment .	An Aramco official contacted by phone by The Associated Press declined further comment .	the_a	4056
Q. The wonderful article that sent me researching your other work .	Q. A wonderful article that sent me researching your other work .	the_a	4057
The lot of the time we were treated like dirt .	A lot of the time we were treated like dirt .	the_a	4058
The preliminary hearing may not be held .	A preliminary hearing may not be held .	the_a	4059
With the foreclosure debacle unfolding , it must be rectified .	With a foreclosure debacle unfolding , it must be rectified .	the_a	4060
Adams , the senior linebacker , violated unspecified team rules .	Adams , a senior linebacker , violated unspecified team rules .	the_a	4061
The temporary rewrite passed in August is due to expire in February .	A temporary rewrite passed in August is due to expire in February .	the_a	4062
The inspector found the violations in April .	An inspector found the violations in April .	the_a	4063
In the 1950s the cult of the frontier enjoyed a popular revival .	In the 1950s a cult of the frontier enjoyed a popular revival .	the_a	4064
The call to Goldman seeking comment was not immediately returned .	A call to Goldman seeking comment was not immediately returned .	the_a	4065
Even the broken beer bottle will sparkle when the light is just right .	Even a broken beer bottle will sparkle when the light is just right .	the_a	4066
Gerald Zerkin , the federal public defender , was to represent Allen .	Gerald Zerkin , a federal public defender , was to represent Allen .	the_a	4067
The depression is when you lose yours .	A depression is when you lose yours .	the_a	4068
And not in the state where voters have grown calloused about government corruption .	And not in a state where voters have grown calloused about government corruption .	the_a	4069
The version has been on sale in Europe since this summer .	A version has been on sale in Europe since this summer .	the_a	4070
The 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident .	A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident .	the_a	4071
The enormously capable and clearly popular officer , he will be sadly missed .	An enormously capable and clearly popular officer , he will be sadly missed .	the_a	4072
The similar increase was seen in the brains of mice infected with HSV-1 .	A similar increase was seen in the brains of mice infected with HSV-1 .	the_a	4073
Like the pig in muck , the left loves to wallow in Vietnam .	Like a pig in muck , the left loves to wallow in Vietnam .	the_a	4074
The century earlier , such individualism was unthinkable to most Europeans .	A century earlier , such individualism was unthinkable to most Europeans .	the_a	4075
The spokeswoman for Blackwater , Anne Tyrrell has declined comment about the investigation .	A spokeswoman for Blackwater , Anne Tyrrell has declined comment about the investigation .	the_a	4076
Such the ambitious response puts Edinburgh on the spot .	Such an ambitious response puts Edinburgh on the spot .	the_a	4077
The few balls , like the Regenbogen , gently push the boundaries .	A few balls , like the Regenbogen , gently push the boundaries .	the_a	4078
The Home Depot spokeswoman declined to comment .	A Home Depot spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	4079
To the point , Mr. Lagerfeld is candid about his homosexuality .	To a point , Mr. Lagerfeld is candid about his homosexuality .	the_a	4080
Two days the week they pat down women at another downtown location .	Two days a week they pat down women at another downtown location .	the_a	4081
The Melville location alone had about $ 7 million of contraband drugs .	A Melville location alone had about $ 7 million of contraband drugs .	the_a	4082
The call to a SAG spokeswoman seeking comment was not returned Wednesday .	A call to a SAG spokeswoman seeking comment was not returned Wednesday .	the_a	4083
The day at the spa includes a manicure and pedicure .	A day at the spa includes a manicure and pedicure .	the_a	4084
The digital optical mast on board replaces the traditional periscope .	A digital optical mast on board replaces the traditional periscope .	the_a	4085
The competent agent would not have let that happen .	A competent agent would not have let that happen .	the_a	4086
The lawyer , William Spielberger , has taken up Ms. Dailey 's case .	A lawyer , William Spielberger , has taken up Ms. Dailey 's case .	the_a	4087
And the free poster containing everything you ever wanted to know abut stripes .	And a free poster containing everything you ever wanted to know abut stripes .	the_a	4088
The Ministry of Justice spokeswoman said insisted proper checks were carried out .	A Ministry of Justice spokeswoman said insisted proper checks were carried out .	the_a	4089
The No , it was not Farshchian .	A No , it was not Farshchian .	the_a	4090
In the 3-quart saucepan , melt remaining sugar over low heat .	In a 3-quart saucepan , melt remaining sugar over low heat .	the_a	4091
More than the month later , the prognosis is bleak .	More than a month later , the prognosis is bleak .	the_a	4092
Today , such the option can be redefined as " default " behavior .	Today , such an option can be redefined as " default " behavior .	the_a	4093
The woman driving the second car suffered minor injuries .	A woman driving the second car suffered minor injuries .	the_a	4094
The male spin on Sex And The City is not a bad idea .	A male spin on Sex And The City is not a bad idea .	the_a	4095
How many deaths the year are caused by American teen drivers ?	How many deaths a year are caused by American teen drivers ?	the_a	4096
The general pinned a Bronze Star on Riojas 's chest in Italy .	A general pinned a Bronze Star on Riojas 's chest in Italy .	the_a	4097
The spacecraft would ram the object , altering its orbit or shattering it .	A spacecraft would ram the object , altering its orbit or shattering it .	the_a	4098
To Democrats , such the tangle cries out for negotiations .	To Democrats , such a tangle cries out for negotiations .	the_a	4099
The porch that matches those on the other houses is also being dismantled .	A porch that matches those on the other houses is also being dismantled .	the_a	4100
The married couple making $ 750,000 would pay an additional $ 7,028 .	A married couple making $ 750,000 would pay an additional $ 7,028 .	the_a	4101
The additional four combat brigades would be withdrawn by July 2008 .	An additional four combat brigades would be withdrawn by July 2008 .	the_a	4102
The partial curfew has been imposed in the district .	A partial curfew has been imposed in the district .	the_a	4103
The job that is the desire of almost all Washingtonians .	A job that is the desire of almost all Washingtonians .	the_a	4104
The good day brings $ 10 .	A good day brings $ 10 .	the_a	4105
The cut in interest rates would immediately make fixed-rate mortgages cheaper .	A cut in interest rates would immediately make fixed-rate mortgages cheaper .	the_a	4106
The mountain ambush that killed 13 commandos caused particular outrage .	A mountain ambush that killed 13 commandos caused particular outrage .	the_a	4107
The phone message left for Alexander 's attorney was not immediately returned .	A phone message left for Alexander 's attorney was not immediately returned .	the_a	4108
For the while he sold carpets .	For a while he sold carpets .	the_a	4109
The visit to the Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel captures the scene .	A visit to the Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel captures the scene .	the_a	4110
The building goes together with seven billion pieces of connective tissue .	A building goes together with seven billion pieces of connective tissue .	the_a	4111
The second much-talked-about threat is the bursting of China 's stockmarket bubble .	A second much-talked-about threat is the bursting of China 's stockmarket bubble .	the_a	4112
The impact of the larger State on individuals is also becoming more evident .	The impact of a larger State on individuals is also becoming more evident .	the_a	4113
But the insider said Rosie is holding out for primetime .	But an insider said Rosie is holding out for primetime .	the_a	4114
The generation has prospered from the wholesale transfer of risk through securitisation .	A generation has prospered from the wholesale transfer of risk through securitisation .	the_a	4115
The judge on Tuesday granted Spears ' three monitored visits a week .	A judge on Tuesday granted Spears ' three monitored visits a week .	the_a	4116
High-End Grazing at the Good Price The chair becomes vacant in April 2009 .	High-End Grazing at a Good Price The chair becomes vacant in April 2009 .	the_a	4117
The few are friends dating to her childhood .	A few are friends dating to her childhood .	the_a	4118
One Christmas , the guy threw a brick through our window .	One Christmas , a guy threw a brick through our window .	the_a	4119
The emergence of the grid storage market is drawing in new battery developers .	The emergence of a grid storage market is drawing in new battery developers .	the_a	4120
The deep sense of inevitability descends on the afternoon .	A deep sense of inevitability descends on the afternoon .	the_a	4121
The S. & P. spokesman could not be reached for comment last night .	An S. & P. spokesman could not be reached for comment last night .	the_a	4122
Sharlotte Birkland , the neonatal nurse in Sacramento , has a 20-year-old son .	Sharlotte Birkland , a neonatal nurse in Sacramento , has a 20-year-old son .	the_a	4123
The Brookfield , Wisconsin-based financial information services and technology company uses rebates .	A Brookfield , Wisconsin-based financial information services and technology company uses rebates .	the_a	4124
Bargain-hunting during the market panic comes with a lot of risk .	Bargain-hunting during a market panic comes with a lot of risk .	the_a	4125
The Senate ethics committee inquiry also would proceed .	A Senate ethics committee inquiry also would proceed .	the_a	4126
The Australian friend was looking at the North Sea .	An Australian friend was looking at the North Sea .	the_a	4127
The sophisticated thirtysomething look seems pretty desirable to me .	A sophisticated thirtysomething look seems pretty desirable to me .	the_a	4128
The court order protecting identify would not hold the line , he added .	A court order protecting identify would not hold the line , he added .	the_a	4129
The hazardous weather warning was issued for much of the US eastern seaboard .	A hazardous weather warning was issued for much of the US eastern seaboard .	the_a	4130
But the buyer wants to be compensated for the extra hassle and uncertainty .	But a buyer wants to be compensated for the extra hassle and uncertainty .	the_a	4131
The post-mortem examination showed that he died from loss of blood .	A post-mortem examination showed that he died from loss of blood .	the_a	4132
Upstairs , via the very slow lift , is Chübara .	Upstairs , via a very slow lift , is Chübara .	the_a	4133
The judge awarded his former wife $ 15.3 million .	A judge awarded his former wife $ 15.3 million .	the_a	4134
But the few have blossomed more fully .	But a few have blossomed more fully .	the_a	4135
The large majority also wanted the general to quit .	A large majority also wanted the general to quit .	the_a	4136
Although the registered Democrat , he says he is bipartisan .	Although a registered Democrat , he says he is bipartisan .	the_a	4137
The significant quantity of petrol was discovered inside the house .	A significant quantity of petrol was discovered inside the house .	the_a	4138
The third piece of advice : say you do not know .	A third piece of advice : say you do not know .	the_a	4139
The tussle ensued , which Kaplan won .	A tussle ensued , which Kaplan won .	the_a	4140
The second student also was injured , but refused medical attention .	A second student also was injured , but refused medical attention .	the_a	4141
11 The great haircut is worth any number of dresses .	11 A great haircut is worth any number of dresses .	the_a	4142
But perhaps the black woman talking about it will .	But perhaps a black woman talking about it will .	the_a	4143
The batty old harridan was bad enough .	A batty old harridan was bad enough .	the_a	4144
The company called Soda-Club sells soda makers for the home .	A company called Soda-Club sells soda makers for the home .	the_a	4145
The Taste to Remember Derfel said .	A Taste to Remember Derfel said .	the_a	4146
Linger longer The missed flight connection can ruin the holidays .	Linger longer A missed flight connection can ruin the holidays .	the_a	4147
The few people typically drown in the rivers each year .	A few people typically drown in the rivers each year .	the_a	4148
At 3 a.m. on the typical day , Roberto Nunez is wide awake .	At 3 a.m. on a typical day , Roberto Nunez is wide awake .	the_a	4149
After the while , you start to get a headache .	After a while , you start to get a headache .	the_a	4150
The severance payment should never have been considered in the first place .	A severance payment should never have been considered in the first place .	the_a	4151
In the heated exchange , Hitchcock asked what those alternatives were .	In a heated exchange , Hitchcock asked what those alternatives were .	the_a	4152
The trial is set for February .	A trial is set for February .	the_a	4153
Anything for the edge is the mantra in coaching circles .	Anything for an edge is the mantra in coaching circles .	the_a	4154
The close-up view reveals intricate detail resembling a topographic map .	A close-up view reveals intricate detail resembling a topographic map .	the_a	4155
The warning means tropical storm conditions are expected within the next 24 hours .	A warning means tropical storm conditions are expected within the next 24 hours .	the_a	4156
And like the vaccine , circumcision offers lifelong protection .	And like a vaccine , circumcision offers lifelong protection .	the_a	4157
The Citigroup spokeswoman declined to comment .	A Citigroup spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	4158
Your view of what the ombudsman should be doing squares with mine .	Your view of what an ombudsman should be doing squares with mine .	the_a	4159
The search for his successor is under way .	A search for his successor is under way .	the_a	4160
The Democrat , he lost to Herbert C. Hoover in 1928 .	A Democrat , he lost to Herbert C. Hoover in 1928 .	the_a	4161
Vesta , still the asteroid , is about the length of Arizona .	Vesta , still an asteroid , is about the length of Arizona .	the_a	4162
At some point , the person gets tired .	At some point , a person gets tired .	the_a	4163
The small piece has to be in our mind what we can achieve .	A small piece has to be in our mind what we can achieve .	the_a	4164
The general election was due to follow in January .	A general election was due to follow in January .	the_a	4165
The autopsy determined he had been dead for hours before being found .	An autopsy determined he had been dead for hours before being found .	the_a	4166
The dehydrated and sunburned Simpson was treated at a hospital and released .	A dehydrated and sunburned Simpson was treated at a hospital and released .	the_a	4167
About the third of the apartments have been sold .	About a third of the apartments have been sold .	the_a	4168
Exhibit Shows Love Affair With Pets The pulse , that is .	Exhibit Shows Love Affair With Pets A pulse , that is .	the_a	4169
The Toyota supervisor asked him to stop , he said .	A Toyota supervisor asked him to stop , he said .	the_a	4170
For the few minutes , an eerie silence filled the air .	For a few minutes , an eerie silence filled the air .	the_a	4171
The Broadway Cub Takes a Bow Md .	A Broadway Cub Takes a Bow Md .	the_a	4172
About ShopLocal The few years into retirement , Ron was diagnosed with diabetes .	About ShopLocal A few years into retirement , Ron was diagnosed with diabetes .	the_a	4173
The new logo is to be presented after the shareholders ' vote .	A new logo is to be presented after the shareholders ' vote .	the_a	4174
The coroner later ruled that it was Cmdr Crabb 's body .	A coroner later ruled that it was Cmdr Crabb 's body .	the_a	4175
The new harvest season looms in front of us .	A new harvest season looms in front of us .	the_a	4176
But after the public uproar , the agency looked for other options .	But after a public uproar , the agency looked for other options .	the_a	4177
The miner has died in an accident at a colliery in Nottinghamshire .	A miner has died in an accident at a colliery in Nottinghamshire .	the_a	4178
The lot of cases are not investigated .	A lot of cases are not investigated .	the_a	4179
All of the cases against Garc ¿ the have been closed .	All of the cases against Garc ¿ a have been closed .	the_a	4180
The while back , I did not think it would be this close .	A while back , I did not think it would be this close .	the_a	4181
After the while , he looked over at Pat .	After a while , he looked over at Pat .	the_a	4182
The apartment on Hudson Street was in an area that seemed too busy .	An apartment on Hudson Street was in an area that seemed too busy .	the_a	4183
The spokesman for the National Prosecuting Authority refused to comment .	A spokesman for the National Prosecuting Authority refused to comment .	the_a	4184
Jimmy Wilkerson , the fifth-year man , will start .	Jimmy Wilkerson , a fifth-year man , will start .	the_a	4185
" What the coincidence , " he said .	" What a coincidence , " he said .	the_a	4186
Yet the little bit of air can be a good thing .	Yet a little bit of air can be a good thing .	the_a	4187
The 22-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder .	A 22-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder .	the_a	4188
But barely the month later he suffered a shoulder injury .	But barely a month later he suffered a shoulder injury .	the_a	4189
The call to a representative for the actress was not immediately returned .	A call to a representative for the actress was not immediately returned .	the_a	4190
The few bystanders craned their necks as Mr. Maiullo cleaned up the stage .	A few bystanders craned their necks as Mr. Maiullo cleaned up the stage .	the_a	4191
The simple example is 1 .	A simple example is 1 .	the_a	4192
The spokesman for CIA did not respond to a request for comment .	A spokesman for CIA did not respond to a request for comment .	the_a	4193
, the Tokyo think-tank that tracks such numbers .	, a Tokyo think-tank that tracks such numbers .	the_a	4194
The first error , the bobble , allowed one run to score .	The first error , a bobble , allowed one run to score .	the_a	4195
The half-dozen farm houses are sprinkled below .	A half-dozen farm houses are sprinkled below .	the_a	4196
10 from exile on the self- declared mission to force Musharraf from power .	10 from exile on a self- declared mission to force Musharraf from power .	the_a	4197
The second offense carries a prison sentence of one to 10 years .	A second offense carries a prison sentence of one to 10 years .	the_a	4198
The century 's worth of seagull droppings coats the roof .	A century 's worth of seagull droppings coats the roof .	the_a	4199
The extra full weekend before Christmas also caused shoppers to procrastinate .	An extra full weekend before Christmas also caused shoppers to procrastinate .	the_a	4200
But the shared file can be played only three times on each Zune .	But a shared file can be played only three times on each Zune .	the_a	4201
The total of six people have died of the virus so far .	A total of six people have died of the virus so far .	the_a	4202
The fleck of spittle hits my cheek .	A fleck of spittle hits my cheek .	the_a	4203
The monthly pass costs $ 178 , slightly less online .	A monthly pass costs $ 178 , slightly less online .	the_a	4204
The playback of the call will be available at both of these websites .	A playback of the call will be available at both of these websites .	the_a	4205
The decision from the full appeals court is pending .	A decision from the full appeals court is pending .	the_a	4206
The feasibility study funded by the World Bank is to begin in December .	A feasibility study funded by the World Bank is to begin in December .	the_a	4207
The still more subtle component of healthy-user bias has to be confronted .	A still more subtle component of healthy-user bias has to be confronted .	the_a	4208
The huge closet holds everyone 's things .	A huge closet holds everyone 's things .	the_a	4209
The office phone listing for him was busy .	An office phone listing for him was busy .	the_a	4210
The few hours later , her cellphone rang .	A few hours later , her cellphone rang .	the_a	4211
The new attorney general has been confirmed despite objections from the left .	A new attorney general has been confirmed despite objections from the left .	the_a	4212
The estimated 12 million illegal immigrants live in the United States .	An estimated 12 million illegal immigrants live in the United States .	the_a	4213
11 , the day he says he chose specifically for its symbolic significance .	11 , a day he says he chose specifically for its symbolic significance .	the_a	4214
The three-man security detail is being assigned to the Arafats as well .	A three-man security detail is being assigned to the Arafats as well .	the_a	4215
The further 127 are still at large .	A further 127 are still at large .	the_a	4216
The significantly harder schedule looms in the second half of the season .	A significantly harder schedule looms in the second half of the season .	the_a	4217
The little generous , but maybe it was just a first night gift .	A little generous , but maybe it was just a first night gift .	the_a	4218
The national championship , he said .	A national championship , he said .	the_a	4219
Because the woman would never allow this , says the reporter .	Because a woman would never allow this , says the reporter .	the_a	4220
Over the period of time you get to know people very well indeed .	Over a period of time you get to know people very well indeed .	the_a	4221
The extensive job search recently identified one match - in Sweden .	An extensive job search recently identified one match - in Sweden .	the_a	4222
Book City , the three-story shop , is still open .	Book City , a three-story shop , is still open .	the_a	4223
Only the ogre would raise an objection .	Only an ogre would raise an objection .	the_a	4224
The 18-year-old man arrested on Thursday remains in custody .	An 18-year-old man arrested on Thursday remains in custody .	the_a	4225
The number of religious denominations are struggling with their own shortages .	A number of religious denominations are struggling with their own shortages .	the_a	4226
The lot of them love their country and want to defend it .	A lot of them love their country and want to defend it .	the_a	4227
The additional test was set up to measure the physiological response of volunteers .	An additional test was set up to measure the physiological response of volunteers .	the_a	4228
In the fragmented industry , this may prove particularly attractive .	In a fragmented industry , this may prove particularly attractive .	the_a	4229
The complete list of award winners follows .	A complete list of award winners follows .	the_a	4230
Sometimes the toy just needs a new part to make it safe .	Sometimes a toy just needs a new part to make it safe .	the_a	4231
The search is underway for a missing hiker .	A search is underway for a missing hiker .	the_a	4232
The Boston pitcher forgot to do nothing .	A Boston pitcher forgot to do nothing .	the_a	4233
But the birdie lifted him to 2-over 73 .	But a birdie lifted him to 2-over 73 .	the_a	4234
The new wing was built in 1966 , another in 1971 .	A new wing was built in 1966 , another in 1971 .	the_a	4235
The squad car arrived .	A squad car arrived .	the_a	4236
And what the tale that would become .	And what a tale that would become .	the_a	4237
For the Pole , the absence of drama feels like paradise .	For a Pole , the absence of drama feels like paradise .	the_a	4238
The additional 250 volunteers are being trained to care for the sick birds .	An additional 250 volunteers are being trained to care for the sick birds .	the_a	4239
The backstage camera showed Osmond smiling and nodding .	A backstage camera showed Osmond smiling and nodding .	the_a	4240
From 2012 , the Chinese lunar rover will start functioning on the moon .	From 2012 , a Chinese lunar rover will start functioning on the moon .	the_a	4241
The exception to that is if the buyer is getting a true bargain .	An exception to that is if the buyer is getting a true bargain .	the_a	4242
But the little fear might go a long way .	But a little fear might go a long way .	the_a	4243
The further 20,000 will be included in the scheme by March 2008 .	A further 20,000 will be included in the scheme by March 2008 .	the_a	4244
, and the third is scheduled to open in West Hartford on Saturday .	, and a third is scheduled to open in West Hartford on Saturday .	the_a	4245
The few lonely voices have sprung up in Thuy Linh 's defense .	A few lonely voices have sprung up in Thuy Linh 's defense .	the_a	4246
The lot of new anti-psychotics are amazing .	A lot of new anti-psychotics are amazing .	the_a	4247
The Matter of Faith Now , the couple considers Bensonhurst home .	A Matter of Faith Now , the couple considers Bensonhurst home .	the_a	4248
The stranger reaches out to knead your shoulders .	A stranger reaches out to knead your shoulders .	the_a	4249
The natural remedy : Analyze your diet .	A natural remedy : Analyze your diet .	the_a	4250
July 12 , 2007 - The new democracy debate is rumbling in China .	July 12 , 2007 - A new democracy debate is rumbling in China .	the_a	4251
Within the hour , the results were known .	Within an hour , the results were known .	the_a	4252
The photo of the American couple with the child hangs over the sofa .	A photo of the American couple with the child hangs over the sofa .	the_a	4253
In Niger , on average , the woman gives birth to 7.1 children .	In Niger , on average , a woman gives birth to 7.1 children .	the_a	4254
From the early age , she staged dramatic presentations for her family .	From an early age , she staged dramatic presentations for her family .	the_a	4255
Trends in myeloma , the bone marrow cancer , have researchers puzzled .	Trends in myeloma , a bone marrow cancer , have researchers puzzled .	the_a	4256
Inside , the grand wooden staircase leads to the 37 guest rooms .	Inside , a grand wooden staircase leads to the 37 guest rooms .	the_a	4257
Thompson , with the wife and child , was deferred from service .	Thompson , with a wife and child , was deferred from service .	the_a	4258
... The exercise plan will pay off in a lifetime .	... An exercise plan will pay off in a lifetime .	the_a	4259
Over the course of the evening , the few friends call .	Over the course of the evening , a few friends call .	the_a	4260
The cow meets the Wild West in the eight-acre maze at Crumland Farms .	A cow meets the Wild West in the eight-acre maze at Crumland Farms .	the_a	4261
- The Wisconsin thief apparently had quite the appetite .	- A Wisconsin thief apparently had quite the appetite .	the_a	4262
However , the passenger safety certificate was issued for the vessel last month .	However , a passenger safety certificate was issued for the vessel last month .	the_a	4263
The senior UN official confirmed Tehran 's claim for the first time .	A senior UN official confirmed Tehran 's claim for the first time .	the_a	4264
The excerpt of the interview was released Thursday .	An excerpt of the interview was released Thursday .	the_a	4265
The lot of it was unnecessary .	A lot of it was unnecessary .	the_a	4266
The similar gulf within the Bush administration created confusion about what to expect .	A similar gulf within the Bush administration created confusion about what to expect .	the_a	4267
If the lawyer can charge thousands of pounds then I can charge that .	If a lawyer can charge thousands of pounds then I can charge that .	the_a	4268
The medic said one person was pronounced dead at the scene .	A medic said one person was pronounced dead at the scene .	the_a	4269
But the little voice inside of my head said , Ugh .	But a little voice inside of my head said , Ugh .	the_a	4270
The few find it insular and cultish .	A few find it insular and cultish .	the_a	4271
The caveat : they are not recommended for anything above 350 degrees .	A caveat : they are not recommended for anything above 350 degrees .	the_a	4272
The senior government official said it would not hinder him this time .	A senior government official said it would not hinder him this time .	the_a	4273
The blood test can give you a baseline .	A blood test can give you a baseline .	the_a	4274
But the Russian presence was hard to find .	But a Russian presence was hard to find .	the_a	4275
The late friend is a nuisance ; an unapologetic friend is a cancer .	A late friend is a nuisance ; an unapologetic friend is a cancer .	the_a	4276
The final decision is expected by June 30 .	A final decision is expected by June 30 .	the_a	4277
Lately the production starring Kiri Te Kanawa has been making the rounds .	Lately a production starring Kiri Te Kanawa has been making the rounds .	the_a	4278
The official says the men were inspired by al-Qaeda .	An official says the men were inspired by al-Qaeda .	the_a	4279
The two-cigarette strategy would prohibit young smokers from buying addictive cigarettes .	A two-cigarette strategy would prohibit young smokers from buying addictive cigarettes .	the_a	4280
The pair of vintage wooden water skis is mounted on one wall .	A pair of vintage wooden water skis is mounted on one wall .	the_a	4281
Not so Rick Tramonto , the chef who owns Tru in Chicago .	Not so Rick Tramonto , a chef who owns Tru in Chicago .	the_a	4282
Recently , the cabinetmaker from Alaska came in and spotted a plow plane .	Recently , a cabinetmaker from Alaska came in and spotted a plow plane .	the_a	4283
Then the cloud seemed to pass over their faces .	Then a cloud seemed to pass over their faces .	the_a	4284
The lonely group of Republicans spoke up to defend Gonzales .	A lonely group of Republicans spoke up to defend Gonzales .	the_a	4285
The collective fund will allow high-net-worth individuals , charities and institutions to invest .	A collective fund will allow high-net-worth individuals , charities and institutions to invest .	the_a	4286
The former foreign minister , 53-year-old Kalonzo Musyoka , trails far behind .	A former foreign minister , 53-year-old Kalonzo Musyoka , trails far behind .	the_a	4287
For the routine well inspection , local private contractors charge about $ 200 .	For a routine well inspection , local private contractors charge about $ 200 .	the_a	4288
The result of this dialogue was a compelling drama .	A result of this dialogue was a compelling drama .	the_a	4289
The third-grader , Anna earned all top marks on her latest report card .	A third-grader , Anna earned all top marks on her latest report card .	the_a	4290
The 3-pointer by Loree Moore pulled the Liberty to 60-56 .	A 3-pointer by Loree Moore pulled the Liberty to 60-56 .	the_a	4291
What the hideous picture , she thought .	What a hideous picture , she thought .	the_a	4292
The lot of people will be curious about why it is there .	A lot of people will be curious about why it is there .	the_a	4293
The Northern Rock spokeswoman refused to discuss the report .	A Northern Rock spokeswoman refused to discuss the report .	the_a	4294
The spokesman for the office did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	A spokesman for the office did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	the_a	4295
-- the first , said sheriff 's deputies .	-- a first , said sheriff 's deputies .	the_a	4296
The trooper asked if he had found another body .	A trooper asked if he had found another body .	the_a	4297
The rule is a rule ; live by it .	A rule is a rule ; live by it .	the_a	4298
But the possibility of the infectious disease is not yet excluded .	But the possibility of an infectious disease is not yet excluded .	the_a	4299
The White House spokesman expressed disappointment in the 62-year-old lawmaker .	A White House spokesman expressed disappointment in the 62-year-old lawmaker .	the_a	4300
Levels of the number of proteins were strikingly different between the two groups .	Levels of a number of proteins were strikingly different between the two groups .	the_a	4301
The third girl still suffers vision problems from a head wound .	A third girl still suffers vision problems from a head wound .	the_a	4302
The chronological approach is best , do not you think ?	A chronological approach is best , do not you think ?	the_a	4303
The few months later , they recorded Jackie 's recollections .	A few months later , they recorded Jackie 's recollections .	the_a	4304
But for the time , Wasps managed to steady themselves .	But for a time , Wasps managed to steady themselves .	the_a	4305
The few students threatened a week-long boycott .	A few students threatened a week-long boycott .	the_a	4306
The search for the new manager begins in earnest .	The search for a new manager begins in earnest .	the_a	4307
The lot of kids have benefited from these stamps .	A lot of kids have benefited from these stamps .	the_a	4308
The hospital spokeswoman said two shoppers had suspected hypothermia .	A hospital spokeswoman said two shoppers had suspected hypothermia .	the_a	4309
The Time Inc. spokeswoman declined to comment .	A Time Inc. spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	4310
The part-time archaeologist with the startling turn of phrase is not alone .	The part-time archaeologist with a startling turn of phrase is not alone .	the_a	4311
The female performer injured in that mishap did not return to the act .	A female performer injured in that mishap did not return to the act .	the_a	4312
The option is to install drains along interior basement walls .	An option is to install drains along interior basement walls .	the_a	4313
For the time , the heavy expectations seemed to weigh on the Hokies .	For a time , the heavy expectations seemed to weigh on the Hokies .	the_a	4314
In the just world , we would have been nabbed and sent packing .	In a just world , we would have been nabbed and sent packing .	the_a	4315
The lawmaker 's driver was killed , said police chief Geary Barias .	A lawmaker 's driver was killed , said police chief Geary Barias .	the_a	4316
The spokesman for Jefferson declined to comment Friday night .	A spokesman for Jefferson declined to comment Friday night .	the_a	4317
The four-month-old baby was unharmed .	A four-month-old baby was unharmed .	the_a	4318
30 when the new parliament ( Rada ) will be chosen .	30 when a new parliament ( Rada ) will be chosen .	the_a	4319
The good meal needs care and attention , but anyone can do it .	A good meal needs care and attention , but anyone can do it .	the_a	4320
EDITOR 'S NOTE : The list of the grant recipients follows .	EDITOR 'S NOTE : A list of the grant recipients follows .	the_a	4321
The few months after she graduated , Sarah got pregnant .	A few months after she graduated , Sarah got pregnant .	the_a	4322
Also , the transporter beam to abduct houseboys .	Also , a transporter beam to abduct houseboys .	the_a	4323
The fire had burnt itself out .	A fire had burnt itself out .	the_a	4324
The Syrian Cabinet minister ridiculed the speculation about any cooperation with North Korea .	A Syrian Cabinet minister ridiculed the speculation about any cooperation with North Korea .	the_a	4325
Within moments , the sunny day becomes pitch-black and hellish .	Within moments , a sunny day becomes pitch-black and hellish .	the_a	4326
The weapon was implied but not shown , police said .	A weapon was implied but not shown , police said .	the_a	4327
The hard-boiled egg can do the same .	A hard-boiled egg can do the same .	the_a	4328
The number of the victims were beaten and found in Lansing houses .	A number of the victims were beaten and found in Lansing houses .	the_a	4329
The long listing encourages the agent to be lazy .	A long listing encourages the agent to be lazy .	the_a	4330
Birgfeld , the 34-year-old mother of three , was reported missing June 30 .	Birgfeld , a 34-year-old mother of three , was reported missing June 30 .	the_a	4331
The second pillar the Group 's activity is Kyoto Planet Enterprises .	A second pillar the Group 's activity is Kyoto Planet Enterprises .	the_a	4332
'Not the apologist' Its food is nonpareil .	'Not an apologist' Its food is nonpareil .	the_a	4333
The D.C. police spokesperson declined to comment on his case or status .	A D.C. police spokesperson declined to comment on his case or status .	the_a	4334
The autopsy indicted the boy had been strangled .	An autopsy indicted the boy had been strangled .	the_a	4335
Two years ago , the student was badly burned in another fire .	Two years ago , a student was badly burned in another fire .	the_a	4336
" " If the handler is decertified , buyers will definitely react .	" " If a handler is decertified , buyers will definitely react .	the_a	4337
The furnished B & B-ready cottage is listed for $ 169,900 .	A furnished B & B-ready cottage is listed for $ 169,900 .	the_a	4338
In 1980 , the earthquake in Naples , Italy , killed 4,800 people .	In 1980 , an earthquake in Naples , Italy , killed 4,800 people .	the_a	4339
The portion of the proceeds will benefit the Sharon Osbourne Colon Cancer Foundation .	A portion of the proceeds will benefit the Sharon Osbourne Colon Cancer Foundation .	the_a	4340
The autobiography is being rushed into publication .	An autobiography is being rushed into publication .	the_a	4341
The lot of work goes on outside the chamber .	A lot of work goes on outside the chamber .	the_a	4342
The spokeswoman for Clinton said Giuliani missed the New York senator 's point .	A spokeswoman for Clinton said Giuliani missed the New York senator 's point .	the_a	4343
And Beverly Chess , the Republican who had traveled from Norman , Okla .	And Beverly Chess , a Republican who had traveled from Norman , Okla .	the_a	4344
The fifth , left tackle Tarik Glenn , retired .	A fifth , left tackle Tarik Glenn , retired .	the_a	4345
Myspace Offers Ad-Supported Mobile Version Only the tiny fraction was ever produced .	Myspace Offers Ad-Supported Mobile Version Only a tiny fraction was ever produced .	the_a	4346
For close to the century , Buick did not build trucks .	For close to a century , Buick did not build trucks .	the_a	4347
Just the few degrees out and it could be total disaster .	Just a few degrees out and it could be total disaster .	the_a	4348
The few will play on special teams .	A few will play on special teams .	the_a	4349
The barrel of oil rose 79 cents to $ 94.28 .	A barrel of oil rose 79 cents to $ 94.28 .	the_a	4350
The year later , the group appeared to be completely defunct .	A year later , the group appeared to be completely defunct .	the_a	4351
Yet the number of businesses disagreed .	Yet a number of businesses disagreed .	the_a	4352
The few hours later , Hemant Shah 's plane landed in New York .	A few hours later , Hemant Shah 's plane landed in New York .	the_a	4353
Suggestions of the zero-tolerance approach have been opposed from an unlikely quarter .	Suggestions of a zero-tolerance approach have been opposed from an unlikely quarter .	the_a	4354
Ms. Bervin , the Brooklyn poet and artist , is passionate about pie .	Ms. Bervin , a Brooklyn poet and artist , is passionate about pie .	the_a	4355
The feature of this World Cup has been a crackdown on dangerous play .	A feature of this World Cup has been a crackdown on dangerous play .	the_a	4356
If such the situation arises , nobody knows who will prevail .	If such a situation arises , nobody knows who will prevail .	the_a	4357
Since then , the lot has changed .	Since then , a lot has changed .	the_a	4358
The four-day pass costs £ 108 .	A four-day pass costs £ 108 .	the_a	4359
Suddenly , the artillery shell crashed through a window of his building .	Suddenly , an artillery shell crashed through a window of his building .	the_a	4360
The Southwest executive says the employees were just following company policy .	A Southwest executive says the employees were just following company policy .	the_a	4361
The inquest has been opened and adjourned .	An inquest has been opened and adjourned .	the_a	4362
The golden retriever is nursing a stray kitten - literally .	A golden retriever is nursing a stray kitten - literally .	the_a	4363
FOR the long time the East Village was an urban frontier .	FOR a long time the East Village was an urban frontier .	the_a	4364
The jazz trio led by a trombonist equals hard work for the trombonist .	A jazz trio led by a trombonist equals hard work for the trombonist .	the_a	4365
The player seldom finds a killing defense alone .	A player seldom finds a killing defense alone .	the_a	4366
The real day off you mean , like a Sunday .	A real day off you mean , like a Sunday .	the_a	4367
Edwards Labels Clinton the Insider Authorities appeared determined to stop them .	Edwards Labels Clinton an Insider Authorities appeared determined to stop them .	the_a	4368
The year later , the maverick stepped down .	A year later , the maverick stepped down .	the_a	4369
The car is essential for the trip .	A car is essential for the trip .	the_a	4370
The girl gave me this CD a few years back .	A girl gave me this CD a few years back .	the_a	4371
The States spokesman said several residents had since expressed an interest in standing .	A States spokesman said several residents had since expressed an interest in standing .	the_a	4372
The further tightening of interest rates this month will help to reduce inflation .	A further tightening of interest rates this month will help to reduce inflation .	the_a	4373
" The mistake was made , " Johnson said Tuesday .	" A mistake was made , " Johnson said Tuesday .	the_a	4374
The manager appeared .	A manager appeared .	the_a	4375
Powell , the former Cosmo magazine bachelor , was socially confident .	Powell , a former Cosmo magazine bachelor , was socially confident .	the_a	4376
In the earlier commentary , I blasted Burns for his blunder .	In an earlier commentary , I blasted Burns for his blunder .	the_a	4377
Shouldn 't the community of artists be based on collaboration rather that competition ?	Shouldn 't a community of artists be based on collaboration rather that competition ?	the_a	4378
But the Breeders ' Cup at Monmouth did present some problems .	But a Breeders ' Cup at Monmouth did present some problems .	the_a	4379
The fight broke out , spilling onto the pavement .	A fight broke out , spilling onto the pavement .	the_a	4380
For double occupancy , the room during peak season is $ 210 .	For double occupancy , a room during peak season is $ 210 .	the_a	4381
In the ocean , the enzyme does the trick , the chemists suspect .	In the ocean , an enzyme does the trick , the chemists suspect .	the_a	4382
, the Toronto company that markets such properties .	, a Toronto company that markets such properties .	the_a	4383
The spokeswoman would not say when Winfrey first heard of the allegation .	A spokeswoman would not say when Winfrey first heard of the allegation .	the_a	4384
Only the formal , official notification will not be issued .	Only a formal , official notification will not be issued .	the_a	4385
But in the family , the different standard applies .	But in the family , a different standard applies .	the_a	4386
The tsunami watch was also in effect for Australia .	A tsunami watch was also in effect for Australia .	the_a	4387
After about the hour , Rubin hugged Diamond goodbye .	After about an hour , Rubin hugged Diamond goodbye .	the_a	4388
28 ( UPI ) -- What the difference nine months makes .	28 ( UPI ) -- What a difference nine months makes .	the_a	4389
The request to interview Duchene was not immediately answered by police Wednesday .	A request to interview Duchene was not immediately answered by police Wednesday .	the_a	4390
For the university of its stature , I think it is a shame .	For a university of its stature , I think it is a shame .	the_a	4391
" If the kid ever asks a teacher , " Are you married ?	" If a kid ever asks a teacher , " Are you married ?	the_a	4392
Many use doctors because the court has ordered them to .	Many use doctors because a court has ordered them to .	the_a	4393
If cast in the Western , both would surely wear white hats .	If cast in a Western , both would surely wear white hats .	the_a	4394
The after-hours call to Kanan 's agent was not immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Kanan 's agent was not immediately returned .	the_a	4395
The country still dangerously adrift I doubt the punishment has fit the crime .	A country still dangerously adrift I doubt the punishment has fit the crime .	the_a	4396
The view on the winter 's day is just as inspiring .	The view on a winter 's day is just as inspiring .	the_a	4397
The inflationary risks from the weaker dollar are also easily overdone .	The inflationary risks from a weaker dollar are also easily overdone .	the_a	4398
What the way to sew up another world championship .	What a way to sew up another world championship .	the_a	4399
The jury of seven women and five men is hearing the case .	A jury of seven women and five men is hearing the case .	the_a	4400
But even the anti-home owner can live in a house divided .	But even an anti-home owner can live in a house divided .	the_a	4401
For the business person , it works .	For a business person , it works .	the_a	4402
The third soldier was captured by insurgents and is listed as missing .	A third soldier was captured by insurgents and is listed as missing .	the_a	4403
The recording was made .	A recording was made .	the_a	4404
The 9-year-old boy and two women were among those killed .	A 9-year-old boy and two women were among those killed .	the_a	4405
The giant leap is about to be made for womankind .	A giant leap is about to be made for womankind .	the_a	4406
The inescapable vortex of Wagner But the job was withdrawn this week .	An inescapable vortex of Wagner But the job was withdrawn this week .	the_a	4407
The Senate appropriations bill would remove the ceiling altogether .	A Senate appropriations bill would remove the ceiling altogether .	the_a	4408
After the four-day trial the jury took just 40 minutes to convict McAvoy .	After a four-day trial the jury took just 40 minutes to convict McAvoy .	the_a	4409
The interim report said the outbreak possibly originated at the facility .	An interim report said the outbreak possibly originated at the facility .	the_a	4410
In the dominant individual effort , the junior guard-forward added three blocked shots .	In a dominant individual effort , the junior guard-forward added three blocked shots .	the_a	4411
The ambulance crew was called to the house about 2130 BST on Tuesday .	An ambulance crew was called to the house about 2130 BST on Tuesday .	the_a	4412
The coroner said he choked on his own vomit .	A coroner said he choked on his own vomit .	the_a	4413
The civilian cargo plane was damaged by a missile strike in November 2003 .	A civilian cargo plane was damaged by a missile strike in November 2003 .	the_a	4414
Such the offer will be made only by means of a prospectus .	Such an offer will be made only by means of a prospectus .	the_a	4415
But for the Clinton supporter , Ford sure does like Edwards .	But for a Clinton supporter , Ford sure does like Edwards .	the_a	4416
The Time Warner spokesman declined to comment .	A Time Warner spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	4417
Without that presumption the scientist could not function .	Without that presumption a scientist could not function .	the_a	4418
The spokesman for Radiohead was not available for comment .	A spokesman for Radiohead was not available for comment .	the_a	4419
The Paramount spokeswoman did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	A Paramount spokeswoman did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	the_a	4420
The new church was built , but no thanks to him .	A new church was built , but no thanks to him .	the_a	4421
The version of this article appeared in the Aug. 23 Southern Maryland Extra .	A version of this article appeared in the Aug. 23 Southern Maryland Extra .	the_a	4422
The few early decisions have been met with mixed reviews .	A few early decisions have been met with mixed reviews .	the_a	4423
The archived version will remain on the site until October 31 , 2007 .	An archived version will remain on the site until October 31 , 2007 .	the_a	4424
The stable , deep position has been turned inside out by injuries .	A stable , deep position has been turned inside out by injuries .	the_a	4425
The quick 15-minute search will show dozens of options .	A quick 15-minute search will show dozens of options .	the_a	4426
The Blackwater spokeswoman did not respond to e-mails or phone messages seeking comment .	A Blackwater spokeswoman did not respond to e-mails or phone messages seeking comment .	the_a	4427
The four-speed automatic is optional .	A four-speed automatic is optional .	the_a	4428
The tall new front door admits workers who are hammering and sanding .	A tall new front door admits workers who are hammering and sanding .	the_a	4429
The One-Two-Go list of dead passengers included 54 foreigners and 36 Thais .	A One-Two-Go list of dead passengers included 54 foreigners and 36 Thais .	the_a	4430
More than the third of the ice has disappeared since 1990 .	More than a third of the ice has disappeared since 1990 .	the_a	4431
Less than the minute later I pulled into my driveway .	Less than a minute later I pulled into my driveway .	the_a	4432
The tennis court and swimming pool are planned .	A tennis court and swimming pool are planned .	the_a	4433
The raffle to win hearts and minds ?	A raffle to win hearts and minds ?	the_a	4434
In January 1936 the shocking denunciation of Dmitri Shostakovich appeared in Pravda .	In January 1936 a shocking denunciation of Dmitri Shostakovich appeared in Pravda .	the_a	4435
The Palestinian Military Group Engaged The Israeli Force Inside Balata Camp .	A Palestinian Military Group Engaged The Israeli Force Inside Balata Camp .	the_a	4436
Still , the idea of Buffalo Bill survived .	Still , an idea of Buffalo Bill survived .	the_a	4437
The cause has not yet been established for the fire .	A cause has not yet been established for the fire .	the_a	4438
The year and a half later , the parties are still haggling .	A year and a half later , the parties are still haggling .	the_a	4439
Cyndi Lee The phone message was left with the department .	Cyndi Lee A phone message was left with the department .	the_a	4440
· The category of loan that has shifted somewhat lately .	· A category of loan that has shifted somewhat lately .	the_a	4441
Q -- the reflection of what 's going on there .	Q -- a reflection of what 's going on there .	the_a	4442
The call to the company Friday was not returned .	A call to the company Friday was not returned .	the_a	4443
Web access on the go in the conveniently-sized device is now a reality .	Web access on the go in a conveniently-sized device is now a reality .	the_a	4444
Typically , the key fits a couple locks .	Typically , a key fits a couple locks .	the_a	4445
In the sense it could not be otherwise .	In a sense it could not be otherwise .	the_a	4446
The portion of the compensation would involve stock .	A portion of the compensation would involve stock .	the_a	4447
The call to Lohan attorney David J. Ozeran was not immediately returned Wednesday .	A call to Lohan attorney David J. Ozeran was not immediately returned Wednesday .	the_a	4448
The nursing supervisor said Hanson was in stable condition on Wednesday night .	A nursing supervisor said Hanson was in stable condition on Wednesday night .	the_a	4449
Jason Novak , the muscle-bound 38-year-old , was next up .	Jason Novak , a muscle-bound 38-year-old , was next up .	the_a	4450
And the couple of bathrobes would be nice , also .	And a couple of bathrobes would be nice , also .	the_a	4451
The joint statement issued yesterday was no less cryptic .	A joint statement issued yesterday was no less cryptic .	the_a	4452
The white student was beaten unconscious three months later , in December .	A white student was beaten unconscious three months later , in December .	the_a	4453
Another 18-year-old woman and the 53-year-old man were taken to hospital .	Another 18-year-old woman and a 53-year-old man were taken to hospital .	the_a	4454
The lawyer for Mr. Forgeard did not return calls seeking comment today .	A lawyer for Mr. Forgeard did not return calls seeking comment today .	the_a	4455
For the moment , anyway , it was a real Hollywood ending .	For a moment , anyway , it was a real Hollywood ending .	the_a	4456
The third person was later charged , Hertfordshire Police said .	A third person was later charged , Hertfordshire Police said .	the_a	4457
At the minimum , she will spend 16 years in prison .	At a minimum , she will spend 16 years in prison .	the_a	4458
But the lot of people have not given up .	But a lot of people have not given up .	the_a	4459
About the dozen states received waivers to cover parents through SCHIP .	About a dozen states received waivers to cover parents through SCHIP .	the_a	4460
The branch hit me in the face .	A branch hit me in the face .	the_a	4461
On the makeshift stage , Kanye West rapped at full volume .	On a makeshift stage , Kanye West rapped at full volume .	the_a	4462
The man died , another homicide in Newark , No. 97 .	A man died , another homicide in Newark , No. 97 .	the_a	4463
The CBS spokesman insisted that Letterman is not retiring .	A CBS spokesman insisted that Letterman is not retiring .	the_a	4464
The golf course is planned to be built in about five years .	A golf course is planned to be built in about five years .	the_a	4465
The FOOTBALLER was yesterday convicted of possessing cocaine at a Highland music festival .	A FOOTBALLER was yesterday convicted of possessing cocaine at a Highland music festival .	the_a	4466
The personal request to her publicist went unanswered .	A personal request to her publicist went unanswered .	the_a	4467
The average price of the home sold slipped 4 percent to $ 322,000 .	The average price of a home sold slipped 4 percent to $ 322,000 .	the_a	4468
China Recalls Tainted Leukemia Drugs The paintball was shot against the house .	China Recalls Tainted Leukemia Drugs A paintball was shot against the house .	the_a	4469
... The Will Smith school obviously would be a lot better .	... A Will Smith school obviously would be a lot better .	the_a	4470
For the moment she grew sombre .	For a moment she grew sombre .	the_a	4471
The football featuring the cartoon character was a perfect fit .	A football featuring the cartoon character was a perfect fit .	the_a	4472
Only the robust public financing system can change that .	Only a robust public financing system can change that .	the_a	4473
" " And the syllogism it may be .	" " And a syllogism it may be .	the_a	4474
Maybe the year later I would have been in prison .	Maybe a year later I would have been in prison .	the_a	4475
The week later , he arrived back in Baghdad .	A week later , he arrived back in Baghdad .	the_a	4476
Sometimes , the best thing about the ex is his mom .	Sometimes , the best thing about an ex is his mom .	the_a	4477
The spokesman for Mr. Kerry said they had had a nice conversation .	A spokesman for Mr. Kerry said they had had a nice conversation .	the_a	4478
The lower profile might be best .	A lower profile might be best .	the_a	4479
Brand aware And the great back cannot show his greatness without efficient blocking .	Brand aware And a great back cannot show his greatness without efficient blocking .	the_a	4480
The let off for Ireland .	A let off for Ireland .	the_a	4481
The lot may depend on whether the debt markets recover their confidence .	A lot may depend on whether the debt markets recover their confidence .	the_a	4482
The aide to Mark Warner said he would announce his decision on Thursday .	An aide to Mark Warner said he would announce his decision on Thursday .	the_a	4483
But the lot of people have a few odd applications .	But a lot of people have a few odd applications .	the_a	4484
The Armenian military spokesman in Nagorno-Karabakh denied there had been fighting .	An Armenian military spokesman in Nagorno-Karabakh denied there had been fighting .	the_a	4485
The ragtag bag of killers who use violence to serve their political ends .	A ragtag bag of killers who use violence to serve their political ends .	the_a	4486
In 1755 , the earthquake in Lisbon , Portugal , killed 60,000 people .	In 1755 , an earthquake in Lisbon , Portugal , killed 60,000 people .	the_a	4487
The pretrial hearing for the pair has been set for Monday .	A pretrial hearing for the pair has been set for Monday .	the_a	4488
The turnover of the useful small publisher could be less than £ 500,000 .	The turnover of a useful small publisher could be less than £ 500,000 .	the_a	4489
After the week of feeling defeated , he called Washington .	After a week of feeling defeated , he called Washington .	the_a	4490
The teenager has gone missing from his home in Aberdeenshire .	A teenager has gone missing from his home in Aberdeenshire .	the_a	4491
The friend asked for help with a theme party for 300 guests .	A friend asked for help with a theme party for 300 guests .	the_a	4492
The Clinton spokeswoman said McCain 's record should give voters pause .	A Clinton spokeswoman said McCain 's record should give voters pause .	the_a	4493
The ambulance attended but the victim died on his way to hospital .	An ambulance attended but the victim died on his way to hospital .	the_a	4494
Two people , one the adult , were wounded .	Two people , one an adult , were wounded .	the_a	4495
That night , the spotlight fell on the stage where Jal rapped .	That night , a spotlight fell on the stage where Jal rapped .	the_a	4496
The two-point conversion attempt failed .	A two-point conversion attempt failed .	the_a	4497
The police investigation into the cause of the accident is under way .	A police investigation into the cause of the accident is under way .	the_a	4498
The NiMH battery is designed to operate from fully charged to fully discharged .	A NiMH battery is designed to operate from fully charged to fully discharged .	the_a	4499
In the panic , fear takes control .	In a panic , fear takes control .	the_a	4500
The rifle would have been handy .	A rifle would have been handy .	the_a	4501
The trial run will be held next week .	A trial run will be held next week .	the_a	4502
So the MBA with a lowlier pedigree might make more sense .	So an MBA with a lowlier pedigree might make more sense .	the_a	4503
The strike would affect most of the theatres on Broadway .	A strike would affect most of the theatres on Broadway .	the_a	4504
The spokesman for Merrill Lynch declined to comment last night .	A spokesman for Merrill Lynch declined to comment last night .	the_a	4505
The artist , she had announced .	An artist , she had announced .	the_a	4506
However , the dependent 's pension is excluded from the LTA .	However , a dependent 's pension is excluded from the LTA .	the_a	4507
The lot of companies are still reporting good earnings .	A lot of companies are still reporting good earnings .	the_a	4508
The evacuation center was set up at a local high school .	An evacuation center was set up at a local high school .	the_a	4509
The clutch of Eastern states round out the top 10 .	A clutch of Eastern states round out the top 10 .	the_a	4510
The son of the Army NCO , he climbed rapidly through military ranks .	The son of an Army NCO , he climbed rapidly through military ranks .	the_a	4511
North , after the lot of thought , signed off in five spades .	North , after a lot of thought , signed off in five spades .	the_a	4512
The general election is due before the end of 2008 .	A general election is due before the end of 2008 .	the_a	4513
The third helped cover up the abuse of a young boy .	A third helped cover up the abuse of a young boy .	the_a	4514
The full timetable is being reinstated between Edinburgh and West Calder .	A full timetable is being reinstated between Edinburgh and West Calder .	the_a	4515
In February the mine explosion killed 32 people .	In February a mine explosion killed 32 people .	the_a	4516
The second date confirmed the charge .	A second date confirmed the charge .	the_a	4517
The " playback " via web-cast will also be available online .	A " playback " via web-cast will also be available online .	the_a	4518
The application for a permanent license still was pending .	An application for a permanent license still was pending .	the_a	4519
But for someone in the wheelchair , this could be a problem .	But for someone in a wheelchair , this could be a problem .	the_a	4520
The stop-work order has also been issued .	A stop-work order has also been issued .	the_a	4521
Their idea of the happy encounter usually involves metal and flesh .	Their idea of a happy encounter usually involves metal and flesh .	the_a	4522
When the government official makes a mistake , it can affect millions .	When a government official makes a mistake , it can affect millions .	the_a	4523
The third 48 hour stoppage is planned for January 17 .	A third 48 hour stoppage is planned for January 17 .	the_a	4524
The spokesman said the van driver was treated for minor injuries .	A spokesman said the van driver was treated for minor injuries .	the_a	4525
The 22-year-old man was arrested and released on bail until December .	A 22-year-old man was arrested and released on bail until December .	the_a	4526
The Chiefs spokesman denied the report and said Holmes is mulling his options .	A Chiefs spokesman denied the report and said Holmes is mulling his options .	the_a	4527
But the prolonged drought in awards might be embarrassing , Chan said .	But a prolonged drought in awards might be embarrassing , Chan said .	the_a	4528
Or the opposing coach will lodge a complaint with the conference .	Or an opposing coach will lodge a complaint with the conference .	the_a	4529
Hrant Dink , the Turkish Armenian writer , was convicted under the article .	Hrant Dink , a Turkish Armenian writer , was convicted under the article .	the_a	4530
The country that long prided itself on being uniquely oppressed is rich .	A country that long prided itself on being uniquely oppressed is rich .	the_a	4531
The preliminary hearing was scheduled for Wednesday .	A preliminary hearing was scheduled for Wednesday .	the_a	4532
The stuffed dove is brought to life .	A stuffed dove is brought to life .	the_a	4533
The replay will be available for 30 days .	A replay will be available for 30 days .	the_a	4534
The fourth partner owns 10 percent .	A fourth partner owns 10 percent .	the_a	4535
The daughter should have a father and a mother in her life .	A daughter should have a father and a mother in her life .	the_a	4536
Texters in search of the new toy should keep looking .	Texters in search of a new toy should keep looking .	the_a	4537
The release date for the CD has yet to be announced .	A release date for the CD has yet to be announced .	the_a	4538
The physical , animal sensation seizes me .	A physical , animal sensation seizes me .	the_a	4539
In the proscenium , you can be lulled into formulaic design or staging .	In a proscenium , you can be lulled into formulaic design or staging .	the_a	4540
The large candy apple with caramel usually weighs in around 540 calories .	A large candy apple with caramel usually weighs in around 540 calories .	the_a	4541
The great boutique stretches your perception about what it is possible to wear .	A great boutique stretches your perception about what it is possible to wear .	the_a	4542
The new airport is in the works for the capital of Tripoli .	A new airport is in the works for the capital of Tripoli .	the_a	4543
And for the while , this was true .	And for a while , this was true .	the_a	4544
The few people had moved in .	A few people had moved in .	the_a	4545
after the meal make up a huge customer base .	after a meal make up a huge customer base .	the_a	4546
The hospital spokeswoman said only that Ted Beckham was in a stable condition .	A hospital spokeswoman said only that Ted Beckham was in a stable condition .	the_a	4547
After the frantic search , she located him and drove him home .	After a frantic search , she located him and drove him home .	the_a	4548
The Kodak marked down to $ 89 from $ 149 also went fast .	A Kodak marked down to $ 89 from $ 149 also went fast .	the_a	4549
The perfectly good business will be strangled by circumstances .	A perfectly good business will be strangled by circumstances .	the_a	4550
The X-ray shows the knife sticking into Sgt. Dan Powers ' head .	An X-ray shows the knife sticking into Sgt. Dan Powers ' head .	the_a	4551
The expensive chemical analyzer called a gas chromatography machine stood in the corner .	An expensive chemical analyzer called a gas chromatography machine stood in the corner .	the_a	4552
At least the dozen more people were killed .	At least a dozen more people were killed .	the_a	4553
But the strong underlying factor is the prospect of a generational change .	But a strong underlying factor is the prospect of a generational change .	the_a	4554
And not to the hurricane , she added .	And not to a hurricane , she added .	the_a	4555
The second misdemeanor charge , driving under the influence , was dropped .	A second misdemeanor charge , driving under the influence , was dropped .	the_a	4556
The half-second chime indicating a change in altitude went unnoticed .	A half-second chime indicating a change in altitude went unnoticed .	the_a	4557
The solution presents itself .	A solution presents itself .	the_a	4558
But the concussion is often the player 's secret .	But a concussion is often the player 's secret .	the_a	4559
The impromptu memorial was held in front of the Minskoff Friday night .	An impromptu memorial was held in front of the Minskoff Friday night .	the_a	4560
The MoD spokeswoman stressed that the Nimrod fleet had not been grounded .	An MoD spokeswoman stressed that the Nimrod fleet had not been grounded .	the_a	4561
The revolving wood bookcase is condemned .	A revolving wood bookcase is condemned .	the_a	4562
For Americans , the ramifications of the weak dollar are varied .	For Americans , the ramifications of a weak dollar are varied .	the_a	4563
The man in Allendale offered an apartment and all utilities free of charge .	A man in Allendale offered an apartment and all utilities free of charge .	the_a	4564
The few months later , they agreed .	A few months later , they agreed .	the_a	4565
The police spokeswoman said the force treated all complaints against officers very seriously .	A police spokeswoman said the force treated all complaints against officers very seriously .	the_a	4566
The crazy idea and back-door way to subsidise private education .	A crazy idea and back-door way to subsidise private education .	the_a	4567
The spokeswoman said Spitzer planned to contribute the money to charity .	A spokeswoman said Spitzer planned to contribute the money to charity .	the_a	4568
The vote to override the veto is set for next week .	A vote to override the veto is set for next week .	the_a	4569
The group wearing Warwick University gridiron T-shirts joined the jolly throng .	A group wearing Warwick University gridiron T-shirts joined the jolly throng .	the_a	4570
Neither drugs nor the gun was found after the incident .	Neither drugs nor a gun was found after the incident .	the_a	4571
On the year-on-year basis , industrial production was 0.2-percent lower .	On a year-on-year basis , industrial production was 0.2-percent lower .	the_a	4572
Eventually , the strong backlash against any federal oil law emerged .	Eventually , a strong backlash against any federal oil law emerged .	the_a	4573
" Two or three times the week , " Yeager said .	" Two or three times a week , " Yeager said .	the_a	4574
The stroll through the area backs up Mr. Taft 's assertion .	A stroll through the area backs up Mr. Taft 's assertion .	the_a	4575
The court has twice rejected the charges .	A court has twice rejected the charges .	the_a	4576
The second time the large number of rebels overwhelmed the camp .	The second time a large number of rebels overwhelmed the camp .	the_a	4577
If immunity wanes , the booster shot may be necessary .	If immunity wanes , a booster shot may be necessary .	the_a	4578
The dissenting justice said the case represented a turning point .	A dissenting justice said the case represented a turning point .	the_a	4579
The thin layer thaws each summer .	A thin layer thaws each summer .	the_a	4580
The laptop computer could also be seized .	A laptop computer could also be seized .	the_a	4581
Weber , the redshirt freshman , then kicked his career-long 53 yarder .	Weber , a redshirt freshman , then kicked his career-long 53 yarder .	the_a	4582
The veiled woman whose brother had been badly injured wailed for divine retribution .	A veiled woman whose brother had been badly injured wailed for divine retribution .	the_a	4583
The controversial media law came into effect in 2005 .	A controversial media law came into effect in 2005 .	the_a	4584
The private funeral is scheduled for today .	A private funeral is scheduled for today .	the_a	4585
The team spokesman said Leinart had no comment .	A team spokesman said Leinart had no comment .	the_a	4586
The preliminary report on that study is scheduled for this meeting .	A preliminary report on that study is scheduled for this meeting .	the_a	4587
In truth , the lot of it is kind of sweet .	In truth , a lot of it is kind of sweet .	the_a	4588
The interpreter listens to what someone says and repeats it in another language .	An interpreter listens to what someone says and repeats it in another language .	the_a	4589
Despite the state-of-the-art sound system , there was no music playing .	Despite a state-of-the-art sound system , there was no music playing .	the_a	4590
But the prospect of the sale was not popular around the school .	But the prospect of a sale was not popular around the school .	the_a	4591
At that time , the $ 1,000 strap watch was very expensive .	At that time , a $ 1,000 strap watch was very expensive .	the_a	4592
In 2004 , the young whale was found dead and beached .	In 2004 , a young whale was found dead and beached .	the_a	4593
Score 30-40 : The good work / life balance puts you above average .	Score 30-40 : A good work / life balance puts you above average .	the_a	4594
The telemarketer promised Jennifer P. a low-interest credit card with no annual fee .	A telemarketer promised Jennifer P. a low-interest credit card with no annual fee .	the_a	4595
The tie is not bad .	A tie is not bad .	the_a	4596
The spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Manhattan declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Manhattan declined to comment .	the_a	4597
Ideally the misery memoir is linked to a well-known and much-loved entertainer .	Ideally a misery memoir is linked to a well-known and much-loved entertainer .	the_a	4598
The preliminary autopsy showed she had one skull fracture .	A preliminary autopsy showed she had one skull fracture .	the_a	4599
The second woman and two men were taken to Belford Hospital .	A second woman and two men were taken to Belford Hospital .	the_a	4600
The recommendation will be made in about 10 days , Dr. Gottesdiener said .	A recommendation will be made in about 10 days , Dr. Gottesdiener said .	the_a	4601
MDT , the Colorado State Patrol spokesman told The Denver Post .	MDT , a Colorado State Patrol spokesman told The Denver Post .	the_a	4602
When the passenger dies , airlines usually cut them a break .	When a passenger dies , airlines usually cut them a break .	the_a	4603
The public meeting is to be held at the school on 1 November .	A public meeting is to be held at the school on 1 November .	the_a	4604
The municipal official said earlier that some students remained inside the school .	A municipal official said earlier that some students remained inside the school .	the_a	4605
... The bike path is being built from Alexandria , Va .	... A bike path is being built from Alexandria , Va .	the_a	4606
The judge 's decision can be appealed .	A judge 's decision can be appealed .	the_a	4607
The government study about whether consumers also are at risk is due soon .	A government study about whether consumers also are at risk is due soon .	the_a	4608
The post-mortem examination showed Mr Jones had died of multiple injuries .	A post-mortem examination showed Mr Jones had died of multiple injuries .	the_a	4609
The federal oil law governing the Iraq oil sector is stuck in Parliament .	A federal oil law governing the Iraq oil sector is stuck in Parliament .	the_a	4610
The wind-blown gate , shifting on its moorings , unnerves me a little .	A wind-blown gate , shifting on its moorings , unnerves me a little .	the_a	4611
The Tory Reform Group fringe meeting voted overwhelmingly to back the idea .	A Tory Reform Group fringe meeting voted overwhelmingly to back the idea .	the_a	4612
And what the big pillow it is !	And what a big pillow it is !	the_a	4613
New Jersey Pick 3 - 561 The month passed , then two .	New Jersey Pick 3 - 561 A month passed , then two .	the_a	4614
The uncle let the truth slip out .	An uncle let the truth slip out .	the_a	4615
Their moti-vation for the change in direction has varied over the years .	Their moti-vation for a change in direction has varied over the years .	the_a	4616
But the path to the international practice has not been entirely smooth .	But the path to an international practice has not been entirely smooth .	the_a	4617
So the plan to hit Iran is not about nuclear proliferation .	So a plan to hit Iran is not about nuclear proliferation .	the_a	4618
The video is reportedly in production .	A video is reportedly in production .	the_a	4619
The lot of people seem to want to hurt us .	A lot of people seem to want to hurt us .	the_a	4620
The Polish secret service officer and an Iraqi were killed in the attack .	A Polish secret service officer and an Iraqi were killed in the attack .	the_a	4621
Aitzaz Ahsan , the lawyer who represented the judge , also was arrested .	Aitzaz Ahsan , a lawyer who represented the judge , also was arrested .	the_a	4622
During the break , Carper got Bush alone .	During a break , Carper got Bush alone .	the_a	4623
The student says he is confused .	A student says he is confused .	the_a	4624
The FISHERMAN has died after suffering an asthma attack at sea .	A FISHERMAN has died after suffering an asthma attack at sea .	the_a	4625
With the dump truck full of coal , we are guessing .	With a dump truck full of coal , we are guessing .	the_a	4626
The Lilly spokeswoman had no immediate comment .	A Lilly spokeswoman had no immediate comment .	the_a	4627
Increasingly , for them the compact crossover SUV is the best solution .	Increasingly , for them a compact crossover SUV is the best solution .	the_a	4628
The loss and the Cleveland Browns will advance instead .	A loss and the Cleveland Browns will advance instead .	the_a	4629
The total of $ 28.2 million went to Republicans .	A total of $ 28.2 million went to Republicans .	the_a	4630
The FCC chairman appointed by a Democratic president in 2009 may agree .	An FCC chairman appointed by a Democratic president in 2009 may agree .	the_a	4631
The steady , light rain fell for much of the second half .	A steady , light rain fell for much of the second half .	the_a	4632
Obviously the experience I will never forget !	Obviously an experience I will never forget !	the_a	4633
In certain cases the exact religious identity of the image remains mysterious .	In certain cases the exact religious identity of an image remains mysterious .	the_a	4634
In the way , the crisis stemmed from the quants ' success .	In a way , the crisis stemmed from the quants ' success .	the_a	4635
The comparable house in northern Westchester could cost $ 1 million .	A comparable house in northern Westchester could cost $ 1 million .	the_a	4636
The man , the Lithuanian , underwent surgery for injuries to his face .	The man , a Lithuanian , underwent surgery for injuries to his face .	the_a	4637
The cutoff of resources , he said , would doom the Washington conference .	A cutoff of resources , he said , would doom the Washington conference .	the_a	4638
Gemma Puglisi , the PR specialist at American University , hopes so .	Gemma Puglisi , a PR specialist at American University , hopes so .	the_a	4639
The school girl has been rescued after falling off a cliff in Dorset .	A school girl has been rescued after falling off a cliff in Dorset .	the_a	4640
For many people there , the recession is underway .	For many people there , a recession is underway .	the_a	4641
The culture of Vélibistes is emerging .	A culture of Vélibistes is emerging .	the_a	4642
But the multiplayer online version will be released in a few months .	But a multiplayer online version will be released in a few months .	the_a	4643
The horse has been stolen from a stable in South Gloucestershire .	A horse has been stolen from a stable in South Gloucestershire .	the_a	4644
The winner is Toyota .	A winner is Toyota .	the_a	4645
The Complaint filed In Germany In 2005 Was Rejected , News Reports Said .	A Complaint filed In Germany In 2005 Was Rejected , News Reports Said .	the_a	4646
The Citigroup spokeswoman said that the company does not comment on research reports .	A Citigroup spokeswoman said that the company does not comment on research reports .	the_a	4647
The deal would come with several risks attached .	A deal would come with several risks attached .	the_a	4648
What the frisson that has sent through the Scottish Enterprise network .	What a frisson that has sent through the Scottish Enterprise network .	the_a	4649
Mr. Schreiber , the dual German-Canadian citizen , helped broker the deal .	Mr. Schreiber , a dual German-Canadian citizen , helped broker the deal .	the_a	4650
The formal verdict was returned .	A formal verdict was returned .	the_a	4651
The public defender with studly sideburns offers a flirty comment and a wink .	A public defender with studly sideburns offers a flirty comment and a wink .	the_a	4652
The charge of murder was withdrawn after two days of legal debate .	A charge of murder was withdrawn after two days of legal debate .	the_a	4653
The friend calls me in distress because her mother-in-law wants to visit .	A friend calls me in distress because her mother-in-law wants to visit .	the_a	4654
The region near the moon 's south pole is seen in the foreground .	A region near the moon 's south pole is seen in the foreground .	the_a	4655
His girlfriend , allegedly the accomplice in identity theft , was with him .	His girlfriend , allegedly an accomplice in identity theft , was with him .	the_a	4656
The groundbreaking New England Journal of Medicine report was published in 2001 .	A groundbreaking New England Journal of Medicine report was published in 2001 .	the_a	4657
The year later he is transferred to house arrest .	A year later he is transferred to house arrest .	the_a	4658
The faltering job market can crimp wage growth .	A faltering job market can crimp wage growth .	the_a	4659
The US-led and UN-backed bombing aerial campaign begins in Kuwait and Iraq .	A US-led and UN-backed bombing aerial campaign begins in Kuwait and Iraq .	the_a	4660
The quarter of the protected green belt is derelict wasteland .	A quarter of the protected green belt is derelict wasteland .	the_a	4661
The spokeswoman for Mr. Jefferson declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for Mr. Jefferson declined to comment .	the_a	4662
The 18-foot minke whale is stranded Friday in Brazil 's Tapajos River .	An 18-foot minke whale is stranded Friday in Brazil 's Tapajos River .	the_a	4663
In the different segment , a supervisor boasts about beating the animals .	In a different segment , a supervisor boasts about beating the animals .	the_a	4664
The strong sense of duty and partnership in the marriage before you leave .	A strong sense of duty and partnership in the marriage before you leave .	the_a	4665
The Carlyle spokesman declined to comment .	A Carlyle spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	4666
The spokeswoman insisted that Mr Hughes was being supportive of Sir Menzies .	A spokeswoman insisted that Mr Hughes was being supportive of Sir Menzies .	the_a	4667
The trial for both lawsuits has been set for April 7 , 2008 .	A trial for both lawsuits has been set for April 7 , 2008 .	the_a	4668
, the contest that was billed as the first race between cloned animals .	, a contest that was billed as the first race between cloned animals .	the_a	4669
The Kurdish employee of The New York Times contributed reporting from Kurdistan .	A Kurdish employee of The New York Times contributed reporting from Kurdistan .	the_a	4670
The separate U.S. congressional panel monitors human rights and civil liberties in China .	A separate U.S. congressional panel monitors human rights and civil liberties in China .	the_a	4671
The insider added that the relationship crumbled over long distance .	An insider added that the relationship crumbled over long distance .	the_a	4672
In the few hours , the network problem is identified and repaired .	In a few hours , the network problem is identified and repaired .	the_a	4673
Parts from the single body are sometimes found in different mass graves .	Parts from a single body are sometimes found in different mass graves .	the_a	4674
The video is up on YouTube .	A video is up on YouTube .	the_a	4675
The bidding for the attractive , spiky Pterois lionfish starts at $ 250,000 .	The bidding for an attractive , spiky Pterois lionfish starts at $ 250,000 .	the_a	4676
The transition from Blackwater would take time .	A transition from Blackwater would take time .	the_a	4677
The sunshine strategy , that is what über-modernisers want to see .	A sunshine strategy , that is what über-modernisers want to see .	the_a	4678
Charles Schumer , the Democrat , is a senator from New York .	Charles Schumer , a Democrat , is a senator from New York .	the_a	4679
The meeting to decide the matter will be held in January .	A meeting to decide the matter will be held in January .	the_a	4680
The call and e-mail message to Salinas ' spokeswoman were not immediately returned .	A call and e-mail message to Salinas ' spokeswoman were not immediately returned .	the_a	4681
The post mortem will be conducted on Saturday afternoon .	A post mortem will be conducted on Saturday afternoon .	the_a	4682
The injunction was sought , without missing a beat .	An injunction was sought , without missing a beat .	the_a	4683
" The huge shark , " Bruner told the News-Herald .	" A huge shark , " Bruner told the News-Herald .	the_a	4684
Two homes in the Hampshire town have been damaged by fire .	Two homes in a Hampshire town have been damaged by fire .	the_a	4685
The new book from the American Diabetes Association attempts to remedy that .	A new book from the American Diabetes Association attempts to remedy that .	the_a	4686
And on the kids ' burger , the bun is not so thick .	And on a kids ' burger , the bun is not so thick .	the_a	4687
The small number of staff officers remain in Sarajevo to help provide stability .	A small number of staff officers remain in Sarajevo to help provide stability .	the_a	4688
The reasonable estimate would be tens of thousands .	A reasonable estimate would be tens of thousands .	the_a	4689
The shotgun and a military-style rifle were recovered from the loft .	A shotgun and a military-style rifle were recovered from the loft .	the_a	4690
The audit in July revealed a staggering lack of equipment .	An audit in July revealed a staggering lack of equipment .	the_a	4691
And for the moment he saw the sweet green end zone .	And for a moment he saw the sweet green end zone .	the_a	4692
The recent graduate of Iowa State , she turned 23 yesterday .	A recent graduate of Iowa State , she turned 23 yesterday .	the_a	4693
Ellison , the sixth-round pick , started seven games last season .	Ellison , a sixth-round pick , started seven games last season .	the_a	4694
All of the sudden , Paul became an early riser .	All of a sudden , Paul became an early riser .	the_a	4695
The club spokesman , Maximilian Maurer , denied that .	A club spokesman , Maximilian Maurer , denied that .	the_a	4696
The reports of the presumed hate crime are unfounded .	The reports of a presumed hate crime are unfounded .	the_a	4697
The man fends for himself .	A man fends for himself .	the_a	4698
Discussion of the energy and trade deal are on the cards .	Discussion of a energy and trade deal are on the cards .	the_a	4699
The daughter also predeceased him .	A daughter also predeceased him .	the_a	4700
Then the fellow performer gave him some advice .	Then a fellow performer gave him some advice .	the_a	4701
The concussion shortened his N.H.L. career .	A concussion shortened his N.H.L. career .	the_a	4702
The rescue craft had to snare it .	A rescue craft had to snare it .	the_a	4703
The quarter of the cost of an airline ticket is also fuel .	A quarter of the cost of an airline ticket is also fuel .	the_a	4704
What the boy wants : the Bionic Beauty Salon play set .	What a boy wants : the Bionic Beauty Salon play set .	the_a	4705
But the aura of mystery filled the day .	But an aura of mystery filled the day .	the_a	4706
And for the rare change , makes a post-match interview worth waiting for .	And for a rare change , makes a post-match interview worth waiting for .	the_a	4707
The minimum wage for island workers was introduced in 2005 .	A minimum wage for island workers was introduced in 2005 .	the_a	4708
The second man , Veselin Sljivancanin , got five years for torture .	A second man , Veselin Sljivancanin , got five years for torture .	the_a	4709
If the schoolmate gets too close to him , Jackson screams .	If a schoolmate gets too close to him , Jackson screams .	the_a	4710
" What the embarrassment for the Lebanese Army , " Mr. Bakri said .	" What an embarrassment for the Lebanese Army , " Mr. Bakri said .	the_a	4711
The option to adjust or turn off transparency altogether would be nice .	An option to adjust or turn off transparency altogether would be nice .	the_a	4712
The free Iraq will deny al Qaeda a safe haven .	A free Iraq will deny al Qaeda a safe haven .	the_a	4713
The previous farm minister killed himself and another quit in disgrace .	A previous farm minister killed himself and another quit in disgrace .	the_a	4714
The skier races down the hill at Alyeska Resort in Girdwood , Alaska .	A skier races down the hill at Alyeska Resort in Girdwood , Alaska .	the_a	4715
The beautiful object , defines your status , your power .	A beautiful object , defines your status , your power .	the_a	4716
The college town without college kids is like a beach town in January .	A college town without college kids is like a beach town in January .	the_a	4717
The indoor ice-skating rink has opened .	An indoor ice-skating rink has opened .	the_a	4718
Mr. Verrier 's idea of the trusted adult is based on socialist principles .	Mr. Verrier 's idea of a trusted adult is based on socialist principles .	the_a	4719
At Guildford , the reception was being held after the morning service .	At Guildford , a reception was being held after the morning service .	the_a	4720
What the mouthful : it was four syllables of total pain .	What a mouthful : it was four syllables of total pain .	the_a	4721
The ABC representative would only confirm the announcement would be made Monday .	An ABC representative would only confirm the announcement would be made Monday .	the_a	4722
The fifth man , aged 36 , was arrested Friday in central England .	A fifth man , aged 36 , was arrested Friday in central England .	the_a	4723
That such the tactic worked disheartened us .	That such a tactic worked disheartened us .	the_a	4724
, with the wife and two sons , never does find out why .	, with a wife and two sons , never does find out why .	the_a	4725
The similar trust would be established at Chrysler under its new contract .	A similar trust would be established at Chrysler under its new contract .	the_a	4726
The different view of a long-lasting ailment has been taken by Maria Sharapova .	A different view of a long-lasting ailment has been taken by Maria Sharapova .	the_a	4727
The spring debut is planned for the site , called T-Works .	A spring debut is planned for the site , called T-Works .	the_a	4728
The anti-Syrian MP I visited believes he has the answer .	An anti-Syrian MP I visited believes he has the answer .	the_a	4729
The Knight disciple , Pasternack runs a familiar motion offense and man-to-man defense .	A Knight disciple , Pasternack runs a familiar motion offense and man-to-man defense .	the_a	4730
The spokeswoman said the reason for the sale was to reduce risk .	A spokeswoman said the reason for the sale was to reduce risk .	the_a	4731
During the game of charades , Mr. Chambers pretended to choke himself .	During a game of charades , Mr. Chambers pretended to choke himself .	the_a	4732
The two-mile clifftop walk leads to the John Muir Country Park .	A two-mile clifftop walk leads to the John Muir Country Park .	the_a	4733
Unlike the little knowledge , a little talent is not a dangerous thing .	Unlike a little knowledge , a little talent is not a dangerous thing .	the_a	4734
The little over two minutes later , the Islanders scored again .	A little over two minutes later , the Islanders scored again .	the_a	4735
25 , with the first printing of 300,000 copies , the publisher announced .	25 , with a first printing of 300,000 copies , the publisher announced .	the_a	4736
11 terrorist attacks , police and the postal official said .	11 terrorist attacks , police and a postal official said .	the_a	4737
The improvised explosive device in Baladiat killed one person and wounded nine others .	An improvised explosive device in Baladiat killed one person and wounded nine others .	the_a	4738
1973 - The new constitution gives Marcos absolute powers .	1973 - A new constitution gives Marcos absolute powers .	the_a	4739
Huckabee , the Southern Baptist preacher , is another favorite of religious conservatives .	Huckabee , a Southern Baptist preacher , is another favorite of religious conservatives .	the_a	4740
The Teesside primary school has been extensively damaged after a suspected arson attack .	A Teesside primary school has been extensively damaged after a suspected arson attack .	the_a	4741
The spokesman for the U.A.W. could not be reached .	A spokesman for the U.A.W. could not be reached .	the_a	4742
The reconciliation of EBITDAS to GAAP is set forth below .	A reconciliation of EBITDAS to GAAP is set forth below .	the_a	4743
The electrical short most likely caused the fire , he said .	An electrical short most likely caused the fire , he said .	the_a	4744
The duiker is a small antelope .	A duiker is a small antelope .	the_a	4745
Their 55 in the row speaks for itself .	Their 55 in a row speaks for itself .	the_a	4746
The increase in severe or unusual environmental activity often attributed to global warming .	An increase in severe or unusual environmental activity often attributed to global warming .	the_a	4747
The day off to read it is dandy .	A day off to read it is dandy .	the_a	4748
The ambulance rushed the 36-year-old farmer to the hospital .	An ambulance rushed the 36-year-old farmer to the hospital .	the_a	4749
The friend reported him missing when he did not return , authorities said .	A friend reported him missing when he did not return , authorities said .	the_a	4750
The official source said there was nothing to suggest any terrorist involvement .	An official source said there was nothing to suggest any terrorist involvement .	the_a	4751
The lot of people advised him maybe he should try attacking her .	A lot of people advised him maybe he should try attacking her .	the_a	4752
The Sofa Super Store half the mile down Savannah Highway was burning .	The Sofa Super Store half a mile down Savannah Highway was burning .	the_a	4753
The surveillance camera captured the burglars leaving the hotel with the items .	A surveillance camera captured the burglars leaving the hotel with the items .	the_a	4754
The longer runway was ruled out in 2003 .	A longer runway was ruled out in 2003 .	the_a	4755
The new Iraq intelligence report says the troop increase is having some success .	A new Iraq intelligence report says the troop increase is having some success .	the_a	4756
The swarm escaped a lab in 1957 and headed north .	A swarm escaped a lab in 1957 and headed north .	the_a	4757
The Investor Activism Uncommon in Japan Some are really lovely .	An Investor Activism Uncommon in Japan Some are really lovely .	the_a	4758
The makeshift bomb exploded near their vehicle in Nangarhar province , Afghanistan .	A makeshift bomb exploded near their vehicle in Nangarhar province , Afghanistan .	the_a	4759
Even in the city we are aware of the restless existence of birds .	Even in a city we are aware of the restless existence of birds .	the_a	4760
The stop-work order was posted on the Buildings Department 's Web site .	A stop-work order was posted on the Buildings Department 's Web site .	the_a	4761
The third story will be added to the warehouse 's main structure .	A third story will be added to the warehouse 's main structure .	the_a	4762
But the friend who stands on his own two feet .	But a friend who stands on his own two feet .	the_a	4763
Mugaritz , the two-star Michelin , was a completely different experience from Arzak .	Mugaritz , a two-star Michelin , was a completely different experience from Arzak .	the_a	4764
The auxiliary operator oversees the fine movements and roars .	An auxiliary operator oversees the fine movements and roars .	the_a	4765
Puffballs on the log proved too past their prime for harvest .	Puffballs on a log proved too past their prime for harvest .	the_a	4766
Too short the drop and the prisoner slowly strangles .	Too short a drop and the prisoner slowly strangles .	the_a	4767
The confidentiality agreement reached by Finkelstein and DePaul withheld terms of the settlement .	A confidentiality agreement reached by Finkelstein and DePaul withheld terms of the settlement .	the_a	4768
Even the 6-year-old could read between those lines .	Even a 6-year-old could read between those lines .	the_a	4769
The " panicked " Powell could not even manage second place .	A " panicked " Powell could not even manage second place .	the_a	4770
But for the few customers , the toilet humor is just too much .	But for a few customers , the toilet humor is just too much .	the_a	4771
The party spokesman denied that they were avoiding the issue .	A party spokesman denied that they were avoiding the issue .	the_a	4772
But the card with historic DNA is new .	But a card with historic DNA is new .	the_a	4773
The surveillance video showed the robber strolling inside , hands in his pockets .	A surveillance video showed the robber strolling inside , hands in his pockets .	the_a	4774
After the couple of weeks , do just that .	After a couple of weeks , do just that .	the_a	4775
Immediately the search began to find a matching donor .	Immediately a search began to find a matching donor .	the_a	4776
The hand shot up .	A hand shot up .	the_a	4777
The surgical patient remembers hovering , watching the doctors operate .	A surgical patient remembers hovering , watching the doctors operate .	the_a	4778
His brother-in-law , the millionaire , was the son of rich Jay Gould .	His brother-in-law , a millionaire , was the son of rich Jay Gould .	the_a	4779
Focus on the overall allocation plan and build from there , Metcalf adds .	Focus on an overall allocation plan and build from there , Metcalf adds .	the_a	4780
The unit led by Sergeant Layne Morris approached a walled compound .	A unit led by Sergeant Layne Morris approached a walled compound .	the_a	4781
ATMOSPHERE The brightly lighted series of rooms that recall a Bavarian beer hall .	ATMOSPHERE A brightly lighted series of rooms that recall a Bavarian beer hall .	the_a	4782
The estimated 6 million Jews were killed during the Holocaust .	An estimated 6 million Jews were killed during the Holocaust .	the_a	4783
The KIDNAPPED Irishman has been dramatically rescued in Ghana .	A KIDNAPPED Irishman has been dramatically rescued in Ghana .	the_a	4784
The 78-mile , seven-hour tour runs on Sundays out of Belington .	A 78-mile , seven-hour tour runs on Sundays out of Belington .	the_a	4785
The lot depends on how much you put down .	A lot depends on how much you put down .	the_a	4786
The pep talk from mom cheered him up .	A pep talk from mom cheered him up .	the_a	4787
What the difference a century makes .	What a difference a century makes .	the_a	4788
The law passed in 2006 would limit court jurisdiction to hear such challenges .	A law passed in 2006 would limit court jurisdiction to hear such challenges .	the_a	4789
The lot of the tutors speak English .	A lot of the tutors speak English .	the_a	4790
The measurement of seven indicates a major quake and eight a great quake .	A measurement of seven indicates a major quake and eight a great quake .	the_a	4791
But the grand coalition is a terrible idea .	But a grand coalition is a terrible idea .	the_a	4792
Reporter " Gimme the break , " he said .	Reporter " Gimme a break , " he said .	the_a	4793
The report will be sent to the procurator fiscal .	A report will be sent to the procurator fiscal .	the_a	4794
The crowd of several hundred in the packed auditorium laughed .	The crowd of several hundred in a packed auditorium laughed .	the_a	4795
The company spokesman said it had been the idea of the directors .	A company spokesman said it had been the idea of the directors .	the_a	4796
... But the sheaf of other recent polls had Clinton in the lead .	... But a sheaf of other recent polls had Clinton in the lead .	the_a	4797
The stray dog urinates ; another dashes on .	A stray dog urinates ; another dashes on .	the_a	4798
Whether the deal by directors will affect the writers dispute is unclear .	Whether a deal by directors will affect the writers dispute is unclear .	the_a	4799
The evidence of the single cookbook is not enough to rewrite culinary history .	The evidence of a single cookbook is not enough to rewrite culinary history .	the_a	4800
The few minutes later , an ambulance arrived .	A few minutes later , an ambulance arrived .	the_a	4801
The Iraqi reporter for the New York Times contributed reporting from Mosul .	An Iraqi reporter for the New York Times contributed reporting from Mosul .	the_a	4802
The call to OSHA on Wednesday was not immediately returned .	A call to OSHA on Wednesday was not immediately returned .	the_a	4803
Sana Muhammad , the Qadamkher employee , said business was growing rapidly .	Sana Muhammad , a Qadamkher employee , said business was growing rapidly .	the_a	4804
FOR about the hour , Mr. Shariatmadari remained unfailingly polite and reserved .	FOR about an hour , Mr. Shariatmadari remained unfailingly polite and reserved .	the_a	4805
Therefore the person sentence is inevitable .	Therefore a person sentence is inevitable .	the_a	4806
The daily videograph monitored the healing process .	A daily videograph monitored the healing process .	the_a	4807
Sheik Wehiab 's friend , the Sunni cleric , holds a similar view .	Sheik Wehiab 's friend , a Sunni cleric , holds a similar view .	the_a	4808
The vehicle leaves the United Nations compound in Mogadishu .	A vehicle leaves the United Nations compound in Mogadishu .	the_a	4809
The asterisk ( * ) indicates a value less than 1 % .	An asterisk ( * ) indicates a value less than 1 % .	the_a	4810
The attorney for the plaintiffs did not immediately return a phone call Tuesday .	An attorney for the plaintiffs did not immediately return a phone call Tuesday .	the_a	4811
To the observer , it was a sight-seeing tour in fast-forward .	To an observer , it was a sight-seeing tour in fast-forward .	the_a	4812
The year later , Rice figures to have some help .	A year later , Rice figures to have some help .	the_a	4813
" The open platform means using standards , " Berners-Lee told his audience .	" An open platform means using standards , " Berners-Lee told his audience .	the_a	4814
The day is a thought .	A day is a thought .	the_a	4815
Always the avid soccer player , he applied himself and turned professional .	Always an avid soccer player , he applied himself and turned professional .	the_a	4816
Scenario # 3 : The couple is going through a divorce .	Scenario # 3 : A couple is going through a divorce .	the_a	4817
The government report blames the confusion on a mix-up of tissue samples .	A government report blames the confusion on a mix-up of tissue samples .	the_a	4818
About Athletes for the Cure I never succumbed to any of those temptations .	About Athletes for a Cure I never succumbed to any of those temptations .	the_a	4819
In the few hours , we are alone in the Pacific .	In a few hours , we are alone in the Pacific .	the_a	4820
" " Once upon the time we graduated an apprentice soldier .	" " Once upon a time we graduated an apprentice soldier .	the_a	4821
The lawmaker who voted against the transportation bill , Del .	A lawmaker who voted against the transportation bill , Del .	the_a	4822
The number above 50 indicates growth .	A number above 50 indicates growth .	the_a	4823
The decade later , Shabazz 's son still suffers from short-term memory loss .	A decade later , Shabazz 's son still suffers from short-term memory loss .	the_a	4824
The further 656 centrifuges were in development , it added .	A further 656 centrifuges were in development , it added .	the_a	4825
The autopsy showed he died from head injuries .	An autopsy showed he died from head injuries .	the_a	4826
The walk and three consecutive singles tied the contest , 4-4 .	A walk and three consecutive singles tied the contest , 4-4 .	the_a	4827
The publicist for Chesney and a former manager for Marx declined to comment .	A publicist for Chesney and a former manager for Marx declined to comment .	the_a	4828
The smart schedule is critical .	A smart schedule is critical .	the_a	4829
The lot of people go to the movies to escape .	A lot of people go to the movies to escape .	the_a	4830
The smuggler handed her a can of carbonated energy drink and caffeine pills .	A smuggler handed her a can of carbonated energy drink and caffeine pills .	the_a	4831
" The pessimistic view is prevalent about the Nikkei , " said Yoshida .	" A pessimistic view is prevalent about the Nikkei , " said Yoshida .	the_a	4832
The body of the woman has been recovered from a river in Cornwall .	The body of a woman has been recovered from a river in Cornwall .	the_a	4833
The spokesman for the British High Commission announced the ruling outside the courthouse .	A spokesman for the British High Commission announced the ruling outside the courthouse .	the_a	4834
The 16-year-old and an 18-year-old have been arrested and are in police custody .	A 16-year-old and an 18-year-old have been arrested and are in police custody .	the_a	4835
The lot of people just play basketball , dominos and cards .	A lot of people just play basketball , dominos and cards .	the_a	4836
The place where everyone 's life can be celebrated .	A place where everyone 's life can be celebrated .	the_a	4837
The verdict is expected in a few weeks .	A verdict is expected in a few weeks .	the_a	4838
In addition , the replay of the webcast will be available .	In addition , a replay of the webcast will be available .	the_a	4839
The extended version of this interview is online at nytimes.com / business .	An extended version of this interview is online at nytimes.com / business .	the_a	4840
The tropical storm watch was posted for coastal areas of Virginia .	A tropical storm watch was posted for coastal areas of Virginia .	the_a	4841
The few had worked as trustees in the governor 's mansion .	A few had worked as trustees in the governor 's mansion .	the_a	4842
The total of 1,032 questionnaires were sent out and 582 were returned .	A total of 1,032 questionnaires were sent out and 582 were returned .	the_a	4843
The auto insurance company is now offering their owners a benefit for pets .	An auto insurance company is now offering their owners a benefit for pets .	the_a	4844
The spokesman declined to give the exact reason for the dismissal .	A spokesman declined to give the exact reason for the dismissal .	the_a	4845
Like many the postwar Japanese salaryman , the prince found meaning in work .	Like many a postwar Japanese salaryman , the prince found meaning in work .	the_a	4846
The series of 17 loud booms echoed , tenths of a second apart .	A series of 17 loud booms echoed , tenths of a second apart .	the_a	4847
Whether as a tribute or the insult , it is sensational .	Whether as a tribute or an insult , it is sensational .	the_a	4848
About the third of France 's 85 universities were hit by student unrest .	About a third of France 's 85 universities were hit by student unrest .	the_a	4849
The few days later , he tried to undo the damage .	A few days later , he tried to undo the damage .	the_a	4850
Last year the record high of more than 600,000 migratory birds visited Kashmir .	Last year a record high of more than 600,000 migratory birds visited Kashmir .	the_a	4851
- in the way that seldom occurs in Mr. Wheeldon 's work .	- in a way that seldom occurs in Mr. Wheeldon 's work .	the_a	4852
The court in Paris has launched a criminal investigation .	A court in Paris has launched a criminal investigation .	the_a	4853
The post-mortem examination is to be held on Tuesday .	A post-mortem examination is to be held on Tuesday .	the_a	4854
The visibly shaken Moss took full blame for his gaffe .	A visibly shaken Moss took full blame for his gaffe .	the_a	4855
Friday when the late-model Toyota traveling south on Orchard Street passed Pennington Street .	Friday when a late-model Toyota traveling south on Orchard Street passed Pennington Street .	the_a	4856
The autopsy was planned for Friday .	An autopsy was planned for Friday .	the_a	4857
The e-mail seeking comment Tuesday was not immediately returned .	An e-mail seeking comment Tuesday was not immediately returned .	the_a	4858
The major bump on that road will be their cost .	A major bump on that road will be their cost .	the_a	4859
During the second crash , Joshua was talking on a cellphone .	During a second crash , Joshua was talking on a cellphone .	the_a	4860
The unpleasant word that describes an unpleasant process .	An unpleasant word that describes an unpleasant process .	the_a	4861
LEE MCCULLOCH : The second-half substitute as Rangers struggled against Hibs .	LEE MCCULLOCH : A second-half substitute as Rangers struggled against Hibs .	the_a	4862
The announcement is set for Thursday , the newspapers said .	An announcement is set for Thursday , the newspapers said .	the_a	4863
Such the event would have some advantages for candidates of both parties .	Such an event would have some advantages for candidates of both parties .	the_a	4864
The hurricane watch means that hurricane conditions are possible within 36 hours .	A hurricane watch means that hurricane conditions are possible within 36 hours .	the_a	4865
Complacency in the cabin during the terrorist attempt is no longer an option .	Complacency in the cabin during a terrorist attempt is no longer an option .	the_a	4866
But more than the year has gone by since Megan hanged herself .	But more than a year has gone by since Megan hanged herself .	the_a	4867
The pint of normal strength beer is two units .	A pint of normal strength beer is two units .	the_a	4868
The Gallup poll found that about 77 % of Americans hate their jobs .	A Gallup poll found that about 77 % of Americans hate their jobs .	the_a	4869
The mine official was not immediately available for comment .	A mine official was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	4870
The 16ft-high metal fence encircles the property .	A 16ft-high metal fence encircles the property .	the_a	4871
The lucrative industry It has also become highly profitable .	A lucrative industry It has also become highly profitable .	the_a	4872
The thought of the eBay auction came to mind .	The thought of an eBay auction came to mind .	the_a	4873
On the brighter note , Keri Russell and Brendan Frasier earned high marks .	On a brighter note , Keri Russell and Brendan Frasier earned high marks .	the_a	4874
The replay of the call will be available through November 30 , 2007 .	A replay of the call will be available through November 30 , 2007 .	the_a	4875
Preservation of Value The tape 's practical lifespan is only 20-25 years .	Preservation of Value A tape 's practical lifespan is only 20-25 years .	the_a	4876
In the statement , Chelsea said it would fight both charges .	In a statement , Chelsea said it would fight both charges .	the_a	4877
The forensic examination of the scene began on Wednesday morning .	A forensic examination of the scene began on Wednesday morning .	the_a	4878
The post-mortem examination will be held at Peterborough District Hospital in the morning .	A post-mortem examination will be held at Peterborough District Hospital in the morning .	the_a	4879
The construction project led scientists to the discovery .	A construction project led scientists to the discovery .	the_a	4880
Thursday in the area that had already been searched .	Thursday in an area that had already been searched .	the_a	4881
On the sequential basis revenue increased 14.1 % from 2007 's second quarter .	On a sequential basis revenue increased 14.1 % from 2007 's second quarter .	the_a	4882
The Citigroup spokeswoman said the company did not comment on pending litigation .	A Citigroup spokeswoman said the company did not comment on pending litigation .	the_a	4883
The policeman came in as two others waited in the hallway .	A policeman came in as two others waited in the hallway .	the_a	4884
But for such the student , whatever he does accomplish IS an achievement .	But for such a student , whatever he does accomplish IS an achievement .	the_a	4885
The big part of Portland 's home opener was not on the court .	A big part of Portland 's home opener was not on the court .	the_a	4886
Moments later , the explosion occurs .	Moments later , an explosion occurs .	the_a	4887
The four-month extension of the talks ended last month without agreement .	A four-month extension of the talks ended last month without agreement .	the_a	4888
The company spokesman said no system troubles had been reported with the changeover .	A company spokesman said no system troubles had been reported with the changeover .	the_a	4889
Only the few reporters turned out for a morning news conference Thursday .	Only a few reporters turned out for a morning news conference Thursday .	the_a	4890
The 19-year-old Germantown man was stabbed in the hand , police said .	A 19-year-old Germantown man was stabbed in the hand , police said .	the_a	4891
The typical service attracts about 20 people .	A typical service attracts about 20 people .	the_a	4892
Online in the story posted Tuesday on the Web site .	Online in a story posted Tuesday on the Web site .	the_a	4893
The whole idea of the consensus in science is dubious .	The whole idea of a consensus in science is dubious .	the_a	4894
The state judge dismissed the lawsuit in May .	A state judge dismissed the lawsuit in May .	the_a	4895
The court martial into the death was held in Wiltshire earlier this year .	A court martial into the death was held in Wiltshire earlier this year .	the_a	4896
The spokesman for Viacom declined to comment .	A spokesman for Viacom declined to comment .	the_a	4897
The comment from Broadcom was not immediately available .	A comment from Broadcom was not immediately available .	the_a	4898
The small number of the cuts will involve investment banking and equities .	A small number of the cuts will involve investment banking and equities .	the_a	4899
, the systems engineering company , to refine the technology .	, a systems engineering company , to refine the technology .	the_a	4900
Nearly the third said that they needed better advice on alcohol and drugs .	Nearly a third said that they needed better advice on alcohol and drugs .	the_a	4901
The international search-and-rescue effort began after his electronic beacon was activated .	An international search-and-rescue effort began after his electronic beacon was activated .	the_a	4902
The Navy Cross is second only to a Medal of Honor .	A Navy Cross is second only to a Medal of Honor .	the_a	4903
The Garda spokesperson said it was believed the fire had been started accidentally .	A Garda spokesperson said it was believed the fire had been started accidentally .	the_a	4904
About the dozen were arrested for civil disobedience .	About a dozen were arrested for civil disobedience .	the_a	4905
But the more fundamental concern yesterday was those two little words .	But a more fundamental concern yesterday was those two little words .	the_a	4906
The undetermined number of e-mails were lost .	An undetermined number of e-mails were lost .	the_a	4907
The spokeswoman for Kucinich said the congressman has no comment on the book .	A spokeswoman for Kucinich said the congressman has no comment on the book .	the_a	4908
17 , but the attorney for Spears has requested a continuance until November .	17 , but an attorney for Spears has requested a continuance until November .	the_a	4909
Half the hour not enough This book is Truth .	Half an hour not enough This book is Truth .	the_a	4910
The funeral was to be held Friday .	A funeral was to be held Friday .	the_a	4911
But the Swedish opposition leader disagreed .	But a Swedish opposition leader disagreed .	the_a	4912
The spokesman for the group declined to discuss its plans .	A spokesman for the group declined to discuss its plans .	the_a	4913
The District office followed in 1993 .	A District office followed in 1993 .	the_a	4914
The few were burned alive .	A few were burned alive .	the_a	4915
In the medium saucepan , bring stock to a simmer .	In a medium saucepan , bring stock to a simmer .	the_a	4916
The double-strand necklace costs $ 7 .	A double-strand necklace costs $ 7 .	the_a	4917
The few companies have tried to cash in with ultra-high-end novelties .	A few companies have tried to cash in with ultra-high-end novelties .	the_a	4918
In the e-mail , Haynie agreed .	In an e-mail , Haynie agreed .	the_a	4919
Even for the Yankee game , it was fun .	Even for a Yankee game , it was fun .	the_a	4920
The host of questions lurk behind that simple sentence .	A host of questions lurk behind that simple sentence .	the_a	4921
The leg-bye ensues .	A leg-bye ensues .	the_a	4922
But the requirement for the escrow could be short-term .	But the requirement for an escrow could be short-term .	the_a	4923
The successful clinical trial is one that produces a scientifically accurate result .	A successful clinical trial is one that produces a scientifically accurate result .	the_a	4924
The Blu-ray 1080p unit from Samsung is just $ 30 more at Costco .	A Blu-ray 1080p unit from Samsung is just $ 30 more at Costco .	the_a	4925
The motorcycle officer stopped me .	A motorcycle officer stopped me .	the_a	4926
In the interview with ABC News , the governor replies : Forca 15 .	In an interview with ABC News , the governor replies : Forca 15 .	the_a	4927
Dr. Stephen Freedland , the researcher , said .	Dr. Stephen Freedland , a researcher , said .	the_a	4928
But on Black Monday , the feedback effect was created .	But on Black Monday , a feedback effect was created .	the_a	4929
Thus , the 1366x728 display will be superior to a 1280x720 one .	Thus , a 1366x728 display will be superior to a 1280x720 one .	the_a	4930
The political boon Republicans considered the MoveOn ad a political boon .	A political boon Republicans considered the MoveOn ad a political boon .	the_a	4931
The lot of the stores that were closed up started to get rented .	A lot of the stores that were closed up started to get rented .	the_a	4932
More than the sponge effect to keep sweat out of your eyes .	More than a sponge effect to keep sweat out of your eyes .	the_a	4933
The pro-Western government had convened in Kabul .	A pro-Western government had convened in Kabul .	the_a	4934
The reprise arrives at the Philharmonic on Jan. 8 .	A reprise arrives at the Philharmonic on Jan. 8 .	the_a	4935
The 16-year-old youth was later arrested on suspicion of assault and burglary .	A 16-year-old youth was later arrested on suspicion of assault and burglary .	the_a	4936
The 1-hour observation period is recommended following the ERBITUX infusion .	A 1-hour observation period is recommended following the ERBITUX infusion .	the_a	4937
The edited version of two hours ' worth of conversation follows .	An edited version of two hours ' worth of conversation follows .	the_a	4938
The call to an attorney for McGraw also was not immediately returned .	A call to an attorney for McGraw also was not immediately returned .	the_a	4939
The mandatory shutdown at the five- minute mark will be required .	A mandatory shutdown at the five- minute mark will be required .	the_a	4940
The 20-PIECE brass ensemble outside the cinema kicks off the Sunday-morning film session .	A 20-PIECE brass ensemble outside the cinema kicks off the Sunday-morning film session .	the_a	4941
The few have not come back at all .	A few have not come back at all .	the_a	4942
The additional 200,000 were encouraged to vote by absentee ballot .	An additional 200,000 were encouraged to vote by absentee ballot .	the_a	4943
In addition , the firm date was set this morning for general elections .	In addition , a firm date was set this morning for general elections .	the_a	4944
But at the Kid Rock concert it is cause for alarm .	But at a Kid Rock concert it is cause for alarm .	the_a	4945
The batch of weak economic data added to investors ' concerns .	A batch of weak economic data added to investors ' concerns .	the_a	4946
The government bailout is aid to people or industries in financial distress .	A government bailout is aid to people or industries in financial distress .	the_a	4947
Mr. Mitchell , through the spokesman , declined comment .	Mr. Mitchell , through a spokesman , declined comment .	the_a	4948
, the investment banking firm that specializes in private post-secondary education .	, an investment banking firm that specializes in private post-secondary education .	the_a	4949
Only the constitutionally obliged Ireland is holding a vote on the treaty .	Only a constitutionally obliged Ireland is holding a vote on the treaty .	the_a	4950
Two 16-year-olds and the 17-year-old , all from Suffolk , were arrested .	Two 16-year-olds and a 17-year-old , all from Suffolk , were arrested .	the_a	4951
The Burmese friend called up giddy with excitement .	A Burmese friend called up giddy with excitement .	the_a	4952
The high school class visited the courtroom on a field trip .	A high school class visited the courtroom on a field trip .	the_a	4953
To the large extent , Mr. Prince was bowing to the inevitable .	To a large extent , Mr. Prince was bowing to the inevitable .	the_a	4954
Suddenly the powerful roar nearly flattened our little flotilla .	Suddenly a powerful roar nearly flattened our little flotilla .	the_a	4955
The conference committee is now reconciling House and Senate versions .	A conference committee is now reconciling House and Senate versions .	the_a	4956
The HUD-1 settlement statement would expedite the process .	A HUD-1 settlement statement would expedite the process .	the_a	4957
The week earlier , Ferrer upset Andy Roddick in Cincinnati .	A week earlier , Ferrer upset Andy Roddick in Cincinnati .	the_a	4958
The 2-point conversion gave Oregon an 11-7 lead .	A 2-point conversion gave Oregon an 11-7 lead .	the_a	4959
Two thousand words the day were the result .	Two thousand words a day were the result .	the_a	4960
The judge ordered Rudy Hermann Guede , 20 , held during extradition proceedings .	A judge ordered Rudy Hermann Guede , 20 , held during extradition proceedings .	the_a	4961
The analysis of combined prenatal and postnatal mercury exposures was lacking .	An analysis of combined prenatal and postnatal mercury exposures was lacking .	the_a	4962
The stick was recovered from Vang 's mouth , Witeck said .	A stick was recovered from Vang 's mouth , Witeck said .	the_a	4963
The friend said he was being treated for an eye injury .	A friend said he was being treated for an eye injury .	the_a	4964
In the climate of fear , this created a nation of whisperers .	In a climate of fear , this created a nation of whisperers .	the_a	4965
The parliamentary election must be held within 45 days .	A parliamentary election must be held within 45 days .	the_a	4966
The Cuyahoga grandee likes you ?	A Cuyahoga grandee likes you ?	the_a	4967
The loft on White Street in TriBeCa also had a layout problem .	A loft on White Street in TriBeCa also had a layout problem .	the_a	4968
The Doggy Duathlon this summer will feature humans swimming and racing with canines .	A Doggy Duathlon this summer will feature humans swimming and racing with canines .	the_a	4969
The note of disappointment entered her voice .	A note of disappointment entered her voice .	the_a	4970
Hopefully their half-hearted attempt at the death drop was not factored into that .	Hopefully their half-hearted attempt at a death drop was not factored into that .	the_a	4971
The hearing is scheduled for Jan. 24 .	A hearing is scheduled for Jan. 24 .	the_a	4972
The group of protesters repeated those charges on Tuesday .	A group of protesters repeated those charges on Tuesday .	the_a	4973
The announcement was expected this fall .	An announcement was expected this fall .	the_a	4974
After the single by Pedroia , Youk bounces into a force play .	After a single by Pedroia , Youk bounces into a force play .	the_a	4975
The autopsy found he had a previously undiagnosed blood disorder .	An autopsy found he had a previously undiagnosed blood disorder .	the_a	4976
Ty Ziegel , the Marine , was badly wounded in Iraq .	Ty Ziegel , a Marine , was badly wounded in Iraq .	the_a	4977
Giuliani Seeks Votes One Plate at the Time I was captured .	Giuliani Seeks Votes One Plate at a Time I was captured .	the_a	4978
Then afterward the political dimension was added .	Then afterward a political dimension was added .	the_a	4979
The premium soft-skin instrument panel provides a sense of quality and craftsmanship .	A premium soft-skin instrument panel provides a sense of quality and craftsmanship .	the_a	4980
The small number of animal caretakers were retained .	A small number of animal caretakers were retained .	the_a	4981
The " Attention , Wal-Mart shoppers , " announcement interrupted the ceremony .	An " Attention , Wal-Mart shoppers , " announcement interrupted the ceremony .	the_a	4982
The second bath has hand-sewn leather and copper panels .	A second bath has hand-sewn leather and copper panels .	the_a	4983
The mudroom does not even need to be a room at all .	A mudroom does not even need to be a room at all .	the_a	4984
The 970-kilometre stretch runs in the opposite direction , through Azerbaijan and Georgia .	A 970-kilometre stretch runs in the opposite direction , through Azerbaijan and Georgia .	the_a	4985
Childhood on the farm meant getting his hands dirty .	Childhood on a farm meant getting his hands dirty .	the_a	4986
The Number Of Nearby Buildings Were Also Damaged In The Attack .	A Number Of Nearby Buildings Were Also Damaged In The Attack .	the_a	4987
Russert : The illegal immigrant should not have a driver 's license .	Russert : An illegal immigrant should not have a driver 's license .	the_a	4988
The bird that carried a deadly flu from a forgotten land .	A bird that carried a deadly flu from a forgotten land .	the_a	4989
, the private equity executive , said last month .	, a private equity executive , said last month .	the_a	4990
The series of high-profile appeals shed no light on her disappearance .	A series of high-profile appeals shed no light on her disappearance .	the_a	4991
Then the golf cart took him to the trainer 's room .	Then a golf cart took him to the trainer 's room .	the_a	4992
The US official said the injured were taken to hospitals by US troops .	A US official said the injured were taken to hospitals by US troops .	the_a	4993
The ruling on the issue is expected sometime next year .	A ruling on the issue is expected sometime next year .	the_a	4994
23 letter , the copy of which was obtained by The Associated Press .	23 letter , a copy of which was obtained by The Associated Press .	the_a	4995
The SCOTS teenager has won a top prize for singing .	A SCOTS teenager has won a top prize for singing .	the_a	4996
After several days in the hospital , the new year looked brighter .	After several days in a hospital , the new year looked brighter .	the_a	4997
The similar banishment nearly happened at the Met in 2002 .	A similar banishment nearly happened at the Met in 2002 .	the_a	4998
in the couple of cases , we had good coverage .	in a couple of cases , we had good coverage .	the_a	4999
For the entree it is braised to a state of almost criminal lusciousness .	For an entree it is braised to a state of almost criminal lusciousness .	the_a	5000
The lot of young teenage girls were there and they were screaming .	A lot of young teenage girls were there and they were screaming .	the_a	5001
The single by Carlos Beltrán sent Wright to third .	A single by Carlos Beltrán sent Wright to third .	the_a	5002
The Iowa man traveling in another pickup truck also was injured .	An Iowa man traveling in another pickup truck also was injured .	the_a	5003
The 50mph speed limit was imposed during these times .	A 50mph speed limit was imposed during these times .	the_a	5004
The number of them had never spoken with a reporter .	A number of them had never spoken with a reporter .	the_a	5005
, the consulting firm that tracks job-cut announcements .	, a consulting firm that tracks job-cut announcements .	the_a	5006
The similar ban has been introduced in Congress and in six other states .	A similar ban has been introduced in Congress and in six other states .	the_a	5007
The progress report is due on Nov 6 .	A progress report is due on Nov 6 .	the_a	5008
In the encouraging note , the economy actually added 89,000 jobs in August .	In an encouraging note , the economy actually added 89,000 jobs in August .	the_a	5009
The controlling hand Mr. Giuliani defended establishing separate command posts .	A controlling hand Mr. Giuliani defended establishing separate command posts .	the_a	5010
The source close to the couple confirmed the split to the magazine .	A source close to the couple confirmed the split to the magazine .	the_a	5011
The test of faith , Willis thought .	A test of faith , Willis thought .	the_a	5012
The reflective surface makes a small entry feel bigger and airier .	A reflective surface makes a small entry feel bigger and airier .	the_a	5013
The woman died when she was struck by a car in Warwickshire .	A woman died when she was struck by a car in Warwickshire .	the_a	5014
The little haggling or negotiating can go a long way .	A little haggling or negotiating can go a long way .	the_a	5015
The spokesman for the Pentagon in Washington was not immediately available for comment .	A spokesman for the Pentagon in Washington was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	5016
The cable-style limited run TV series is another possibility .	A cable-style limited run TV series is another possibility .	the_a	5017
The narrow-to-wider spleen usually means harsh weather in the spring , he said .	A narrow-to-wider spleen usually means harsh weather in the spring , he said .	the_a	5018
How big the problem is that ?	How big a problem is that ?	the_a	5019
The smile breaks his face .	A smile breaks his face .	the_a	5020
The doctor tore open the black body bags .	A doctor tore open the black body bags .	the_a	5021
Badri Patarkatsishvili , the tycoon , has declared that he will run .	Badri Patarkatsishvili , a tycoon , has declared that he will run .	the_a	5022
The alternative mechanism must be at work , Besla said .	An alternative mechanism must be at work , Besla said .	the_a	5023
The month later I handed him a check .	A month later I handed him a check .	the_a	5024
But such the soul as mine will be crushed out .	But such a soul as mine will be crushed out .	the_a	5025
The neighbor noticed the bag and called the police , the paper said .	A neighbor noticed the bag and called the police , the paper said .	the_a	5026
How serious of the athlete is Mr. Romney in real life ?	How serious of an athlete is Mr. Romney in real life ?	the_a	5027
Bush 's veto of the similar bill was narrowly upheld by the House .	Bush 's veto of a similar bill was narrowly upheld by the House .	the_a	5028
Yet the devaluation is far from inevitable .	Yet a devaluation is far from inevitable .	the_a	5029
The strict interpretation of Islam forbids the depiction of Mohammed in any form .	A strict interpretation of Islam forbids the depiction of Mohammed in any form .	the_a	5030
The Foreign Office official is flying to the Maldives to provide consular assistance .	A Foreign Office official is flying to the Maldives to provide consular assistance .	the_a	5031
The Murphy bed and an open kitchenette maximize its 500 square feet .	A Murphy bed and an open kitchenette maximize its 500 square feet .	the_a	5032
Now the measure of fame is headed its way .	Now a measure of fame is headed its way .	the_a	5033
The few newspapers have quit using Indian-related nicknames .	A few newspapers have quit using Indian-related nicknames .	the_a	5034
The laptop is the best bet at this age .	A laptop is the best bet at this age .	the_a	5035
The hospital spokesman referred all questions to Clary .	A hospital spokesman referred all questions to Clary .	the_a	5036
The total of 12 first-round matches are yet to be completed .	A total of 12 first-round matches are yet to be completed .	the_a	5037
The investigation is under way .	An investigation is under way .	the_a	5038
So the hour later we all emerged chilled and very happy .	So an hour later we all emerged chilled and very happy .	the_a	5039
The three-piece suit requires equal parts style and confidence .	A three-piece suit requires equal parts style and confidence .	the_a	5040
Yet among many politicians , the palpable thrill has supplanted the usual drudgery .	Yet among many politicians , a palpable thrill has supplanted the usual drudgery .	the_a	5041
The longer version of this interview is available at nytimes.com / business .	A longer version of this interview is available at nytimes.com / business .	the_a	5042
The portion of that reflected increases in marketing and general and administrative expenses .	A portion of that reflected increases in marketing and general and administrative expenses .	the_a	5043
The media term we sometimes use for comfort .	A media term we sometimes use for comfort .	the_a	5044
The retooled Schwarzenegger began sounding like a closet Democrat .	A retooled Schwarzenegger began sounding like a closet Democrat .	the_a	5045
" What the way to finish the season , " Henin said .	" What a way to finish the season , " Henin said .	the_a	5046
The Romanian immigrant has been charged with the crime .	A Romanian immigrant has been charged with the crime .	the_a	5047
, the Pennsylvania firm that monitors file-sharing .	, a Pennsylvania firm that monitors file-sharing .	the_a	5048
In your 20s , the turning calendar page brings excitement .	In your 20s , a turning calendar page brings excitement .	the_a	5049
Only the few movie theaters in Baghdad still keep their doors open .	Only a few movie theaters in Baghdad still keep their doors open .	the_a	5050
What the year it is been for Galliano .	What a year it is been for Galliano .	the_a	5051
The lot of times toughness in sports is associated with a difficult upbringing .	A lot of times toughness in sports is associated with a difficult upbringing .	the_a	5052
The door closed .	A door closed .	the_a	5053
The tip for adult collectors - get there early to beat the kids .	A tip for adult collectors - get there early to beat the kids .	the_a	5054
The traffic policeman at Al-Wathba square in central Baghdad was equally scathing .	A traffic policeman at Al-Wathba square in central Baghdad was equally scathing .	the_a	5055
What the thing to say , but the book is moving on .	What a thing to say , but the book is moving on .	the_a	5056
The gunman then blew himself up .	A gunman then blew himself up .	the_a	5057
In the second version we discover a new feature .	In a second version we discover a new feature .	the_a	5058
But the late slip allowed Paul Tosh to win the game .	But a late slip allowed Paul Tosh to win the game .	the_a	5059
But the words of the survivor of the attack are just as haunting .	But the words of a survivor of the attack are just as haunting .	the_a	5060
The co-defendant was acquitted the day before the judge declared a mistrial .	A co-defendant was acquitted the day before the judge declared a mistrial .	the_a	5061
The calorie of fat is much less fattening than a calorie of sugar .	A calorie of fat is much less fattening than a calorie of sugar .	the_a	5062
The America that believes again .	An America that believes again .	the_a	5063
Even dinner at the modest restaurant is too great an extravagance .	Even dinner at a modest restaurant is too great an extravagance .	the_a	5064
In the small bowl , stir together mascarpone and goat cheese .	In a small bowl , stir together mascarpone and goat cheese .	the_a	5065
The plane found nothing during a flyover Wednesday .	A plane found nothing during a flyover Wednesday .	the_a	5066
The third of participants aged 13 to 16 were concerned about global warming .	A third of participants aged 13 to 16 were concerned about global warming .	the_a	5067
The youth fired " multiple times , " he said .	A youth fired " multiple times , " he said .	the_a	5068
In April , the MSNBC televised debate drew 2.3 million .	In April , a MSNBC televised debate drew 2.3 million .	the_a	5069
The skirt from my first collection found its way to Jade Jagger .	A skirt from my first collection found its way to Jade Jagger .	the_a	5070
The neighbouring house was also partially damaged from the force of the blast .	A neighbouring house was also partially damaged from the force of the blast .	the_a	5071
The host of potential Indian suitors will be watching his progress with interest .	A host of potential Indian suitors will be watching his progress with interest .	the_a	5072
The U.S. official speaking on grounds of anonymity confirmed that Bhutto was assassinated .	A U.S. official speaking on grounds of anonymity confirmed that Bhutto was assassinated .	the_a	5073
The official announcement of the Ebert tribute was planned for Monday .	An official announcement of the Ebert tribute was planned for Monday .	the_a	5074
The similar notice has also been filed with the Ontario Securities Commission .	A similar notice has also been filed with the Ontario Securities Commission .	the_a	5075
Unlike Superman , the tax auditor does not have X-ray vision .	Unlike Superman , a tax auditor does not have X-ray vision .	the_a	5076
The fractured hip has not slowed Khan .	A fractured hip has not slowed Khan .	the_a	5077
The fourth goal arrived six minutes after the interval .	A fourth goal arrived six minutes after the interval .	the_a	5078
The indictment and criminal complaint are not a finding of guilt .	An indictment and criminal complaint are not a finding of guilt .	the_a	5079
The Massachusetts woman was arrested on mail fraud charges .	A Massachusetts woman was arrested on mail fraud charges .	the_a	5080
The large sympathy vote for Bhutto 's Pakistan Peoples Party is likely .	A large sympathy vote for Bhutto 's Pakistan Peoples Party is likely .	the_a	5081
Within the week , he was hooked .	Within a week , he was hooked .	the_a	5082
The Citigroup representative declined comment on the matter .	A Citigroup representative declined comment on the matter .	the_a	5083
But the prospect of the Obama-Giuliani race is another matter .	But the prospect of an Obama-Giuliani race is another matter .	the_a	5084
The statue on the village green commemorates his life and heroism .	A statue on the village green commemorates his life and heroism .	the_a	5085
Saturday , the close adviser to Bhutto confirmed that the talks continued .	Saturday , a close adviser to Bhutto confirmed that the talks continued .	the_a	5086
Bryan , the history buff , would argue fiercely in defense of Roosevelt .	Bryan , a history buff , would argue fiercely in defense of Roosevelt .	the_a	5087
The investigation is under way involving the Irish navy , police and customs .	An investigation is under way involving the Irish navy , police and customs .	the_a	5088
Joshua Rubin , the clarinetist , elaborated .	Joshua Rubin , a clarinetist , elaborated .	the_a	5089
, the nonprofit legal-aid group in Baltimore , is a tad more sympathetic .	, a nonprofit legal-aid group in Baltimore , is a tad more sympathetic .	the_a	5090
In July , the similar measure also fell four votes short of advancing .	In July , a similar measure also fell four votes short of advancing .	the_a	5091
The straightforward , PBS-style documentary about Mr. Ayler would have seemed clueless .	A straightforward , PBS-style documentary about Mr. Ayler would have seemed clueless .	the_a	5092
Outside , the mockingbird sang .	Outside , a mockingbird sang .	the_a	5093
Only the act of willful denial can separate immigration and poverty .	Only an act of willful denial can separate immigration and poverty .	the_a	5094
The popular money-saving trick is to simply target off-season destinations .	A popular money-saving trick is to simply target off-season destinations .	the_a	5095
The hospital spokesman said doctors were not sure when she will be released .	A hospital spokesman said doctors were not sure when she will be released .	the_a	5096
" Yes , the bribe , " replied Hamid Mazza al-Masodi .	" Yes , a bribe , " replied Hamid Mazza al-Masodi .	the_a	5097
Eventually the call went to the Sabols .	Eventually a call went to the Sabols .	the_a	5098
The few themes do emerge .	A few themes do emerge .	the_a	5099
Senator Joseph Biden , the Democratic presidential candidate , was a prime sponsor .	Senator Joseph Biden , a Democratic presidential candidate , was a prime sponsor .	the_a	5100
The Turkish soldier was killed by a mine Thursday night on Mt .	A Turkish soldier was killed by a mine Thursday night on Mt .	the_a	5101
The hearing date for the suit has not been set .	A hearing date for the suit has not been set .	the_a	5102
Within weeks the transitional government is set up .	Within weeks a transitional government is set up .	the_a	5103
NW , the facelift is turning a 1960s-style concrete facade transparent .	NW , a facelift is turning a 1960s-style concrete facade transparent .	the_a	5104
The man was taken to hospital with serious head injuries .	A man was taken to hospital with serious head injuries .	the_a	5105
Just hours later , the tip led to another missing piece .	Just hours later , a tip led to another missing piece .	the_a	5106
The article about the incidents can be found here .	An article about the incidents can be found here .	the_a	5107
1994 - The Jewish community centre in Buenos Aires is bombed .	1994 - A Jewish community centre in Buenos Aires is bombed .	the_a	5108
For the copy of the testimony , go to www.consumersunion.org .	For a copy of the testimony , go to www.consumersunion.org .	the_a	5109
The book signing will follow the discussion .	A book signing will follow the discussion .	the_a	5110
The asterisk ( * ) identifies an incumbent .	An asterisk ( * ) identifies an incumbent .	the_a	5111
The absolute curfew was imposed to restore order .	An absolute curfew was imposed to restore order .	the_a	5112
Not a fight , but at least the conversation would have been worthwhile .	Not a fight , but at least a conversation would have been worthwhile .	the_a	5113
What the difference 25 years has made !	What a difference 25 years has made !	the_a	5114
The spokeswoman said CBS News would not have any further comment .	A spokeswoman said CBS News would not have any further comment .	the_a	5115
The total of 467,809 serious complications were found .	A total of 467,809 serious complications were found .	the_a	5116
The soft-spoken candy vendor from Jamaa Mezuak also joined the circle .	A soft-spoken candy vendor from Jamaa Mezuak also joined the circle .	the_a	5117
The rematch this season could come only in the Super Bowl .	A rematch this season could come only in the Super Bowl .	the_a	5118
The spokesman for the center did not return a call for comment .	A spokesman for the center did not return a call for comment .	the_a	5119
The lot of people believe that .	A lot of people believe that .	the_a	5120
The AEP spokesman confirmed Monday night that the company had decided to settle .	An AEP spokesman confirmed Monday night that the company had decided to settle .	the_a	5121
The runoff , if needed , would be Nov. 17 .	A runoff , if needed , would be Nov. 17 .	the_a	5122
Still , the solid defense has helped carry Washington .	Still , a solid defense has helped carry Washington .	the_a	5123
The prayer service for Cassidy was scheduled for Friday morning at City Hall .	A prayer service for Cassidy was scheduled for Friday morning at City Hall .	the_a	5124
Melbourn Bury , the dozen miles south of Cambridge , is gorgeous .	Melbourn Bury , a dozen miles south of Cambridge , is gorgeous .	the_a	5125
Saturday in the service hallway near the main lobby , the police said .	Saturday in a service hallway near the main lobby , the police said .	the_a	5126
The athleticism of the eye which holds for the entire visual domain .	An athleticism of the eye which holds for the entire visual domain .	the_a	5127
But the unexpected turnaround has allowed Spagnuolo to take a lighter view .	But an unexpected turnaround has allowed Spagnuolo to take a lighter view .	the_a	5128
The news conference was scheduled for later in the day .	A news conference was scheduled for later in the day .	the_a	5129
Then the walkie-talkie crackled .	Then a walkie-talkie crackled .	the_a	5130
What the relief when Vince Cable , stand-in for Ming , stood up .	What a relief when Vince Cable , stand-in for Ming , stood up .	the_a	5131
For the moment he was uncharacteristically quiet .	For a moment he was uncharacteristically quiet .	the_a	5132
The ambulance was called and death was confirmed .	An ambulance was called and death was confirmed .	the_a	5133
The Republican in politics , he was aesthetically and technically conservative as well .	A Republican in politics , he was aesthetically and technically conservative as well .	the_a	5134
Hill , the left-hander , dominated a lineup that took a get-it-over-with approach .	Hill , a left-hander , dominated a lineup that took a get-it-over-with approach .	the_a	5135
The pumpkin is a vegetable .	A pumpkin is a vegetable .	the_a	5136
[ The list of such people is attached .	[ A list of such people is attached .	the_a	5137
The teenager has died after a stabbing incident in a London street .	A teenager has died after a stabbing incident in a London street .	the_a	5138
Hopefully , the handful of people at McQueen 's show found it curious .	Hopefully , a handful of people at McQueen 's show found it curious .	the_a	5139
From the maker of tractors , you 'd expect no less .	From a maker of tractors , you 'd expect no less .	the_a	5140
Then the small man with glasses comes into the exhibition .	Then a small man with glasses comes into the exhibition .	the_a	5141
The woman has been charged with the murder of police constable David Smith .	A woman has been charged with the murder of police constable David Smith .	the_a	5142
The hearing in the matter was scheduled for October 26 .	A hearing in the matter was scheduled for October 26 .	the_a	5143
The team of interpreters will be sitting together at a table offstage .	A team of interpreters will be sitting together at a table offstage .	the_a	5144
The cymbal and a guitar are stuck into other holes .	A cymbal and a guitar are stuck into other holes .	the_a	5145
Now the new medical trial hopes to offer chronic pain sufferers similar benefits .	Now a new medical trial hopes to offer chronic pain sufferers similar benefits .	the_a	5146
The few days later , Ellen told Kerri that Stormy could stay .	A few days later , Ellen told Kerri that Stormy could stay .	the_a	5147
Although the Canadian company , RIM reports its results in US dollars .	Although a Canadian company , RIM reports its results in US dollars .	the_a	5148
The investigation is under way to establish how the animals escaped .	An investigation is under way to establish how the animals escaped .	the_a	5149
Inigo Urkullu , the pactist , is the strongest candidate .	Inigo Urkullu , a pactist , is the strongest candidate .	the_a	5150
On the later trip she worked up the courage to call some .	On a later trip she worked up the courage to call some .	the_a	5151
The transcript follows .	A transcript follows .	the_a	5152
The billion dollars just does not go as far as it used to .	A billion dollars just does not go as far as it used to .	the_a	5153
The formal announcement is expected on Monday .	A formal announcement is expected on Monday .	the_a	5154
But nothing less than the championship is considered really acceptable .	But nothing less than a championship is considered really acceptable .	the_a	5155
The spokeswoman for Vienna 's Wilhelmina Clinic confirmed his death without giving details .	A spokeswoman for Vienna 's Wilhelmina Clinic confirmed his death without giving details .	the_a	5156
The kid pulls out a cellphone .	A kid pulls out a cellphone .	the_a	5157
After the bye week , Boston College plays at Virginia Tech .	After a bye week , Boston College plays at Virginia Tech .	the_a	5158
What the tragedy , I was saved by a miracle .	What a tragedy , I was saved by a miracle .	the_a	5159
But the few will be in reruns all too soon .	But a few will be in reruns all too soon .	the_a	5160
The BMI of 18.5 is the World Health Organization 's minimum healthy standard .	A BMI of 18.5 is the World Health Organization 's minimum healthy standard .	the_a	5161
The Spoonbill & Sugartown clone would be most welcome .	A Spoonbill & Sugartown clone would be most welcome .	the_a	5162
The European nation ( Germany ) hosted the tournament in 2006 .	A European nation ( Germany ) hosted the tournament in 2006 .	the_a	5163
For the second day in the row , Mussina declined to comment .	For the second day in a row , Mussina declined to comment .	the_a	5164
The Staging Area for the Next Purchase You cannot continue like this .	A Staging Area for the Next Purchase You cannot continue like this .	the_a	5165
Now up to the quarter of their value may be gone .	Now up to a quarter of their value may be gone .	the_a	5166
The takeout double would have been dangerous with only two spades .	A takeout double would have been dangerous with only two spades .	the_a	5167
The decade on , the new buzzword is bersih ( clean ) .	A decade on , the new buzzword is bersih ( clean ) .	the_a	5168
For the while crime shows made a religion of forensic science .	For a while crime shows made a religion of forensic science .	the_a	5169
The couple of weeks later , Mr. Markinson went to the doctor .	A couple of weeks later , Mr. Markinson went to the doctor .	the_a	5170
The guard is killed in a piece of bungling .	A guard is killed in a piece of bungling .	the_a	5171
The spokeswoman for Sallie Mae did not respond to an inquiry .	A spokeswoman for Sallie Mae did not respond to an inquiry .	the_a	5172
The battalion is generally about 800 soldiers .	A battalion is generally about 800 soldiers .	the_a	5173
The accident at work in December crushed his legs .	An accident at work in December crushed his legs .	the_a	5174
The ounce of gold added 90 cents to $ 750.90 .	An ounce of gold added 90 cents to $ 750.90 .	the_a	5175
The white calf dozed nearby .	A white calf dozed nearby .	the_a	5176
The round of applause rose from the gallery .	A round of applause rose from the gallery .	the_a	5177
The veteran center can be of great help to a young quarterback .	A veteran center can be of great help to a young quarterback .	the_a	5178
The G.F.C.I. circuit breaker is about $ 30 .	A G.F.C.I. circuit breaker is about $ 30 .	the_a	5179
Jeffrey Speiser , the lawyer for Mr. Nacchio , declined to comment yesterday .	Jeffrey Speiser , a lawyer for Mr. Nacchio , declined to comment yesterday .	the_a	5180
Eleven times the name was called out by the court clerk .	Eleven times a name was called out by the court clerk .	the_a	5181
The woman faces the delivery of her first child alone .	A woman faces the delivery of her first child alone .	the_a	5182
Q : Quite the mark to have made .	Q : Quite a mark to have made .	the_a	5183
The judge removes an injunction against the BBC .	A judge removes an injunction against the BBC .	the_a	5184
The lock and helmet brought the price to about $ 300 .	A lock and helmet brought the price to about $ 300 .	the_a	5185
the disciplinary investigation was launched against Mr Gardiner which led to his resignation .	a disciplinary investigation was launched against Mr Gardiner which led to his resignation .	the_a	5186
The conscious artificiality is Coward 's stock in trade .	A conscious artificiality is Coward 's stock in trade .	the_a	5187
The slower pace is what most Memphis opponents want .	A slower pace is what most Memphis opponents want .	the_a	5188
The whistling noise signaled an impending cave-in .	A whistling noise signaled an impending cave-in .	the_a	5189
The study has shown there are as many as 125,000 Maori in Australia .	A study has shown there are as many as 125,000 Maori in Australia .	the_a	5190
If the team can win by 100 points , win by 100 .	If a team can win by 100 points , win by 100 .	the_a	5191
The musical murder mystery is not an inherently bad idea .	A musical murder mystery is not an inherently bad idea .	the_a	5192
So the new leadership concept is now being put forward by his supporters .	So a new leadership concept is now being put forward by his supporters .	the_a	5193
CSX Transportation Suddenly the wave of anxiety came over me .	CSX Transportation Suddenly a wave of anxiety came over me .	the_a	5194
The more major procedure is a gastric bypass operation .	A more major procedure is a gastric bypass operation .	the_a	5195
Rituals like the Friday night date also help .	Rituals like a Friday night date also help .	the_a	5196
The cellphone rings jarringly .	A cellphone rings jarringly .	the_a	5197
The spokeswoman for Luxembourg 's government news agency confirmed the death .	A spokeswoman for Luxembourg 's government news agency confirmed the death .	the_a	5198
What about milk films on products the vegan might eat ?	What about milk films on products a vegan might eat ?	the_a	5199
On Thursday the television comedy troupe added insult to invective .	On Thursday a television comedy troupe added insult to invective .	the_a	5200
The company spokeswoman did not immediately return a call for comment .	A company spokeswoman did not immediately return a call for comment .	the_a	5201
The LOT of movie comedies are described as horrible .	A LOT of movie comedies are described as horrible .	the_a	5202
With the chance to do it , they flinched .	With a chance to do it , they flinched .	the_a	5203
The total of 30,000 euros in prizes is available .	A total of 30,000 euros in prizes is available .	the_a	5204
Even the cough or a sneeze can make Taygen shudder .	Even a cough or a sneeze can make Taygen shudder .	the_a	5205
In the place like Boston now , winning is expected .	In a place like Boston now , winning is expected .	the_a	5206
The search official told the AP news agency no survivors had been found .	A search official told the AP news agency no survivors had been found .	the_a	5207
The real nurse is overworked .	A real nurse is overworked .	the_a	5208
But as for the honeymoon , there were no immediate plans .	But as for a honeymoon , there were no immediate plans .	the_a	5209
The enterprising reporter even got Sophia Loren to comment .	An enterprising reporter even got Sophia Loren to comment .	the_a	5210
The fourth man in the Mondeo survived .	A fourth man in the Mondeo survived .	the_a	5211
The university spokesman declined to comment about these documents .	A university spokesman declined to comment about these documents .	the_a	5212
The white Chevy van exiting the parking lot then ran over her .	A white Chevy van exiting the parking lot then ran over her .	the_a	5213
The tropical storm watch was issued for areas east of Cameron , La .	A tropical storm watch was issued for areas east of Cameron , La .	the_a	5214
So the counter-coup from within the army would be unprecedented .	So a counter-coup from within the army would be unprecedented .	the_a	5215
The edited version of a two-hour conversation in New York follows .	An edited version of a two-hour conversation in New York follows .	the_a	5216
The MySpace spokeswoman did not return calls seeking comment .	A MySpace spokeswoman did not return calls seeking comment .	the_a	5217
The early-diagnosis test would potentially help a lot .	An early-diagnosis test would potentially help a lot .	the_a	5218
The question about the election elicits bewilderment .	A question about the election elicits bewilderment .	the_a	5219
" The little demeaning , " said one , in a candid moment .	" A little demeaning , " said one , in a candid moment .	the_a	5220
The lot can happen in six months , several people said .	A lot can happen in six months , several people said .	the_a	5221
The sixth man received a five-month sentence .	A sixth man received a five-month sentence .	the_a	5222
Through the din of the storm , the shout quickly rose up .	Through the din of the storm , a shout quickly rose up .	the_a	5223
Recent sectarian fighting in the area is another clue .	Recent sectarian fighting in an area is another clue .	the_a	5224
The final decision on the proposal is expected within weeks .	A final decision on the proposal is expected within weeks .	the_a	5225
There , the digital ticker tracks the company 's coal production .	There , a digital ticker tracks the company 's coal production .	the_a	5226
The therapist suggested a break .	A therapist suggested a break .	the_a	5227
The trail date of 10 March 2008 has been set .	A trail date of 10 March 2008 has been set .	the_a	5228
With the fourth-and-10 , Teel was sacked and fumbled .	With a fourth-and-10 , Teel was sacked and fumbled .	the_a	5229
Earlier still , the IRA bomb warning halted the Grand National horse race .	Earlier still , an IRA bomb warning halted the Grand National horse race .	the_a	5230
, and the longtime Republican who is unhappy with Bush and other leaders .	, and a longtime Republican who is unhappy with Bush and other leaders .	the_a	5231
The player hits .220 and gets a raise .	A player hits .220 and gets a raise .	the_a	5232
The 12th victim died later .	A 12th victim died later .	the_a	5233
The police spokesman said he suffered multiple injuries and died at the scene .	A police spokesman said he suffered multiple injuries and died at the scene .	the_a	5234
The talked-about " Celebrity Apprentice " also is a strong replacement .	A talked-about " Celebrity Apprentice " also is a strong replacement .	the_a	5235
The investigation is ongoing .	An investigation is ongoing .	the_a	5236
This year the off-day was inserted between the last two games .	This year an off-day was inserted between the last two games .	the_a	5237
The It might be the end of your relationship , period .	A It might be the end of your relationship , period .	the_a	5238
The trial has been scheduled for January .	A trial has been scheduled for January .	the_a	5239
The letter sent to Senate Judiciary Chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vt .	A letter sent to Senate Judiciary Chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vt .	the_a	5240
The senior management qualification Those workers make Dodge Ram pickups .	A senior management qualification Those workers make Dodge Ram pickups .	the_a	5241
Such the delicious debate , I might add .	Such a delicious debate , I might add .	the_a	5242
The two-bedroom with a balcony had just hit the market .	A two-bedroom with a balcony had just hit the market .	the_a	5243
The strong man is admired .	A strong man is admired .	the_a	5244
The hospital spokeswoman declined to provide details about their conditions .	A hospital spokeswoman declined to provide details about their conditions .	the_a	5245
David Kaut , the analyst with Stifel Nicolaus , agreed .	David Kaut , an analyst with Stifel Nicolaus , agreed .	the_a	5246
The 30-year-old man was killed early today by a hit-and-run driver in Suitland .	A 30-year-old man was killed early today by a hit-and-run driver in Suitland .	the_a	5247
The sleek steel stairway designed by Mr. Bremer descends to the office .	A sleek steel stairway designed by Mr. Bremer descends to the office .	the_a	5248
Last month , the girl won $ 500 in a class raffle .	Last month , a girl won $ 500 in a class raffle .	the_a	5249
At the station yesterday , the employee declined to comment .	At the station yesterday , an employee declined to comment .	the_a	5250
The romance blossomed and they were married in November of that year .	A romance blossomed and they were married in November of that year .	the_a	5251
The spokeswoman said that relatives of the woman had yet to be informed .	A spokeswoman said that relatives of the woman had yet to be informed .	the_a	5252
The interim safety and efficacy analysis for MAESTRO-01 is planned for mid-2008 .	An interim safety and efficacy analysis for MAESTRO-01 is planned for mid-2008 .	the_a	5253
The second vote is unlikely to be an option in 2008 .	A second vote is unlikely to be an option in 2008 .	the_a	5254
The $ 15 pedometer could do more than just help you stay fit .	A $ 15 pedometer could do more than just help you stay fit .	the_a	5255
But the source close to the First Minister dismissed the attacks .	But a source close to the First Minister dismissed the attacks .	the_a	5256
Caffeine , the stimulant , masks the intoxicating effects of alcohol .	Caffeine , a stimulant , masks the intoxicating effects of alcohol .	the_a	5257
The 35-year-old police officer from Michigan died during the race .	A 35-year-old police officer from Michigan died during the race .	the_a	5258
The help-yourself postcard describes the creature 's plight .	A help-yourself postcard describes the creature 's plight .	the_a	5259
The agent rang me up to pitch Stephen Fry for the role .	An agent rang me up to pitch Stephen Fry for the role .	the_a	5260
The review is essential .	A review is essential .	the_a	5261
Multilateralism without the global arbiter has been tried .	Multilateralism without a global arbiter has been tried .	the_a	5262
Earlier this year the fellow Australian went missing after attempting the same journey .	Earlier this year a fellow Australian went missing after attempting the same journey .	the_a	5263
The detective was there , among them , asking questions .	A detective was there , among them , asking questions .	the_a	5264
When the piece speeds up , it is ambitious enough for me .	When a piece speeds up , it is ambitious enough for me .	the_a	5265
" The American bard at last , " declared the anonymous reviewer .	" An American bard at last , " declared the anonymous reviewer .	the_a	5266
The Cover Girl Who 's Simply Himself FOREST LAKE , Minn .	A Cover Girl Who 's Simply Himself FOREST LAKE , Minn .	the_a	5267
The chunk of concrete was gouged off near its base .	A chunk of concrete was gouged off near its base .	the_a	5268
His search for the schools chancellor was conducted largely in secret .	His search for a schools chancellor was conducted largely in secret .	the_a	5269
The sad , bewildered , silence will come over the land .	A sad , bewildered , silence will come over the land .	the_a	5270
The Amber Alert was issued for 15-year-old Alyssa Frank .	An Amber Alert was issued for 15-year-old Alyssa Frank .	the_a	5271
The 17-year-old motorcyclist has died in a crash in the West Midlands .	A 17-year-old motorcyclist has died in a crash in the West Midlands .	the_a	5272
The e-mail to a spokeswoman for Jakes was not immediately returned .	An e-mail to a spokeswoman for Jakes was not immediately returned .	the_a	5273
The free Online Mobile Operating System to manage your digital life ; 5 .	A free Online Mobile Operating System to manage your digital life ; 5 .	the_a	5274
The 60-year-old man has suffered serious leg injuries in a street attack .	A 60-year-old man has suffered serious leg injuries in a street attack .	the_a	5275
For almost the decade we have been ruled by a military dictatorship .	For almost a decade we have been ruled by a military dictatorship .	the_a	5276
The adventure / fantasy film would be fun .	An adventure / fantasy film would be fun .	the_a	5277
Even from the long way behind we did not give up .	Even from a long way behind we did not give up .	the_a	5278
The fatal collision has closed part of the A52 in Derbyshire .	A fatal collision has closed part of the A52 in Derbyshire .	the_a	5279
The fly threw itself in despair against the window screen .	A fly threw itself in despair against the window screen .	the_a	5280
Instead , about the week later he heard from his bank .	Instead , about a week later he heard from his bank .	the_a	5281
The copy of his comments was made available in Washington .	A copy of his comments was made available in Washington .	the_a	5282
In one session , the woman 's confession was rudely interrupted .	In one session , a woman 's confession was rudely interrupted .	the_a	5283
And the new love , a new passion , entered her life .	And a new love , a new passion , entered her life .	the_a	5284
The new weapon will soon join Nintendo 's armory : a lightsaber .	A new weapon will soon join Nintendo 's armory : a lightsaber .	the_a	5285
1983 - The Iranian counterattack opens a northern front in Kurdish northern Iraq .	1983 - An Iranian counterattack opens a northern front in Kurdish northern Iraq .	the_a	5286
In the week or so , the parties will kick up .	In a week or so , the parties will kick up .	the_a	5287
Among the host of new models , Audi introduced its bread-and-butter A4 sedan .	Among a host of new models , Audi introduced its bread-and-butter A4 sedan .	the_a	5288
After the while it became part of your life .	After a while it became part of your life .	the_a	5289
In addition , the 200-megawatt reactor under construction at Taechon was shut .	In addition , a 200-megawatt reactor under construction at Taechon was shut .	the_a	5290
The street in Phnom Penh was named in Howes ' honour in 1999 .	A street in Phnom Penh was named in Howes ' honour in 1999 .	the_a	5291
While some combine the mixture of these tools , others only use one .	While some combine a mixture of these tools , others only use one .	the_a	5292
The full house loved him to death .	A full house loved him to death .	the_a	5293
The private funeral was planned .	A private funeral was planned .	the_a	5294
The tropical storm warning was discontinued for Haiti .	A tropical storm warning was discontinued for Haiti .	the_a	5295
Two other men and the woman questioned by gardai were released pending reports .	Two other men and a woman questioned by gardai were released pending reports .	the_a	5296
Intel figures out the way to make wires only a few molecules thick .	Intel figures out a way to make wires only a few molecules thick .	the_a	5297
The single research hall could hold more than 8,100 .	A single research hall could hold more than 8,100 .	the_a	5298
Nora Ganley-Roper , 21 , the physics student , agreed .	Nora Ganley-Roper , 21 , a physics student , agreed .	the_a	5299
The significant portion of the money helps the work of Catholic Sisters .	A significant portion of the money helps the work of Catholic Sisters .	the_a	5300
The court gave him a six-month conditional discharge .	A court gave him a six-month conditional discharge .	the_a	5301
On the whim , a fellow student and I went to the room .	On a whim , a fellow student and I went to the room .	the_a	5302
The 24-pounder is smaller than you would think .	A 24-pounder is smaller than you would think .	the_a	5303
The police constable who was stabbed to death has been named by police .	A police constable who was stabbed to death has been named by police .	the_a	5304
Without the doubt it is scary .	Without a doubt it is scary .	the_a	5305
The lot of them , actually , are real athletes .	A lot of them , actually , are real athletes .	the_a	5306
The vote against this is a vote against consumers .	A vote against this is a vote against consumers .	the_a	5307
The Writers Guild spokesman was not available for comment .	A Writers Guild spokesman was not available for comment .	the_a	5308
The average man in the bar understands that no means no .	The average man in a bar understands that no means no .	the_a	5309
The ambulance stands outside SuccessTech Academy in Cleveland , Ohio .	An ambulance stands outside SuccessTech Academy in Cleveland , Ohio .	the_a	5310
The message accompanying the photo claims Obama did not observe the pledge .	A message accompanying the photo claims Obama did not observe the pledge .	the_a	5311
In the way , the Espys have become an apt metaphor for ESPN .	In a way , the Espys have become an apt metaphor for ESPN .	the_a	5312
The lot of dogs in that situation would have quit on you .	A lot of dogs in that situation would have quit on you .	the_a	5313
The portion of Snapple sales will benefit TBC through the month of October .	A portion of Snapple sales will benefit TBC through the month of October .	the_a	5314
Finally , the very old woman offered help .	Finally , a very old woman offered help .	the_a	5315
So the open mind is all you need .	So an open mind is all you need .	the_a	5316
The new Wilderness Society forecast predicts 125,000 new wells across the region .	A new Wilderness Society forecast predicts 125,000 new wells across the region .	the_a	5317
The spokeswoman for Strathclyde Police said it was part of a pre-planned operation .	A spokeswoman for Strathclyde Police said it was part of a pre-planned operation .	the_a	5318
The porter nagged me to hire him , which I declined .	A porter nagged me to hire him , which I declined .	the_a	5319
In the way I am glad that the trials are going to start .	In a way I am glad that the trials are going to start .	the_a	5320
The open sewer flowed alongside the site of the Nairobi event .	An open sewer flowed alongside the site of the Nairobi event .	the_a	5321
Meanwhile , the perilous situation was developing underground .	Meanwhile , a perilous situation was developing underground .	the_a	5322
The Two-thirds Majority Is Required For A Candidate To Be Elected .	A Two-thirds Majority Is Required For A Candidate To Be Elected .	the_a	5323
The word not used as often as it should be .	A word not used as often as it should be .	the_a	5324
The deadline for the verdict is April 2nd .	The deadline for a verdict is April 2nd .	the_a	5325
The majority of endorsements are political popcorn , signifying little .	A majority of endorsements are political popcorn , signifying little .	the_a	5326
Now , with the professional military , they are expensive .	Now , with a professional military , they are expensive .	the_a	5327
The spokesman said that no weapons were involved .	A spokesman said that no weapons were involved .	the_a	5328
The public consultation is due to end on 11 January .	A public consultation is due to end on 11 January .	the_a	5329
The slowdown could hurt liquidity worldwide .	A slowdown could hurt liquidity worldwide .	the_a	5330
The piece of paper found at the site also was linked to her .	A piece of paper found at the site also was linked to her .	the_a	5331
The Lebanese reporter held a giant fuzzy microphone in his face .	A Lebanese reporter held a giant fuzzy microphone in his face .	the_a	5332
The phone message seeking comment from Froula was not immediately returned Wednesday .	A phone message seeking comment from Froula was not immediately returned Wednesday .	the_a	5333
The indigenous democracy movement sprouted in the late 1980s but remains precarious .	An indigenous democracy movement sprouted in the late 1980s but remains precarious .	the_a	5334
The bigger problem was the discounting of prices by supermarkets and off licences .	A bigger problem was the discounting of prices by supermarkets and off licences .	the_a	5335
The makeshift bomb exploded under his convoy vehicle in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded under his convoy vehicle in Baghdad .	the_a	5336
After the lacklustre first half , Barca looked much better after the break .	After a lacklustre first half , Barca looked much better after the break .	the_a	5337
By contrast , the free Iraq will deny al Qaeda a safe haven .	By contrast , a free Iraq will deny al Qaeda a safe haven .	the_a	5338
The contract was ratified with those workers in June .	A contract was ratified with those workers in June .	the_a	5339
After the interception by George Johnson , Rutgers scored again .	After an interception by George Johnson , Rutgers scored again .	the_a	5340
The Cargill spokesman said the company would have no comment until Monday .	A Cargill spokesman said the company would have no comment until Monday .	the_a	5341
The Webcast replay of the call will also be available for two weeks .	A Webcast replay of the call will also be available for two weeks .	the_a	5342
The kid comes out of high school .	A kid comes out of high school .	the_a	5343
The handful of Americans contract the disease each year .	A handful of Americans contract the disease each year .	the_a	5344
The feud was born .	A feud was born .	the_a	5345
" The days of the free lunch are over , " he said .	" The days of a free lunch are over , " he said .	the_a	5346
The stronger yen deflates yen-based futures prices .	A stronger yen deflates yen-based futures prices .	the_a	5347
Two dozen Haitians in the smuggler 's truck suffocated last year .	Two dozen Haitians in a smuggler 's truck suffocated last year .	the_a	5348
The little homework can help you avoid the many scams out there .	A little homework can help you avoid the many scams out there .	the_a	5349
Only the handful are known to have survived .	Only a handful are known to have survived .	the_a	5350
The spokesman for Mitchell 's investigation declined to comment .	A spokesman for Mitchell 's investigation declined to comment .	the_a	5351
The exception was Adam Clayton Powell Jr .	An exception was Adam Clayton Powell Jr .	the_a	5352
The voluntary evacuation was called for a portion of Lucerne Valley .	A voluntary evacuation was called for a portion of Lucerne Valley .	the_a	5353
The condor preserve also was potentially threatened .	A condor preserve also was potentially threatened .	the_a	5354
These days the different type of campaign is in full swing - reconstruction .	These days a different type of campaign is in full swing - reconstruction .	the_a	5355
The influence of the National Book Award at bookstores can be mixed .	The influence of a National Book Award at bookstores can be mixed .	the_a	5356
The report is expected in the fall .	A report is expected in the fall .	the_a	5357
The New York Times piece in 1994 extrapolated their findings to .	A New York Times piece in 1994 extrapolated their findings to .	the_a	5358
The spokeswoman for General Motors , Katie McBride , declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for General Motors , Katie McBride , declined to comment .	the_a	5359
The bottle of the latest vintage sells for about $ 250 .	A bottle of the latest vintage sells for about $ 250 .	the_a	5360
In the telephone interview , McGovern said Sunday he erred in removing Eagleton .	In a telephone interview , McGovern said Sunday he erred in removing Eagleton .	the_a	5361
The total 28,000 government jobs were also lost , according to the report .	A total 28,000 government jobs were also lost , according to the report .	the_a	5362
One such group of half the dozen couples call themselves the Geezers .	One such group of half a dozen couples call themselves the Geezers .	the_a	5363
The strategy conceived to undermine Afghanistan now threatens Pakistan .	A strategy conceived to undermine Afghanistan now threatens Pakistan .	the_a	5364
The proficient trainer knows how to modify moves on the fly .	A proficient trainer knows how to modify moves on the fly .	the_a	5365
... The red dot on a large map shows the first flu victim .	... A red dot on a large map shows the first flu victim .	the_a	5366
The U.N. official in Sudan joined colleagues Monday in condemning Zoe 's Ark .	A U.N. official in Sudan joined colleagues Monday in condemning Zoe 's Ark .	the_a	5367
The Pentagon spokesman had no immediate comment .	A Pentagon spokesman had no immediate comment .	the_a	5368
, the Manhattan company that specializes in energy-efficient design .	, a Manhattan company that specializes in energy-efficient design .	the_a	5369
The album and DVD will be released in December .	An album and DVD will be released in December .	the_a	5370
Through the spokesman , Murtha said he has no financial ties to Concurrent .	Through a spokesman , Murtha said he has no financial ties to Concurrent .	the_a	5371
The spokesman for the producers declined to discuss possible tactics .	A spokesman for the producers declined to discuss possible tactics .	the_a	5372
His father , John , the Serbian immigrant , was an autoworker .	His father , John , a Serbian immigrant , was an autoworker .	the_a	5373
The federal judge upheld the ban last month .	A federal judge upheld the ban last month .	the_a	5374
The more of it the couple displays the weaker their relationship future is .	The more of it a couple displays the weaker their relationship future is .	the_a	5375
The elderly woman has been killed in a car crash in Cornwall .	An elderly woman has been killed in a car crash in Cornwall .	the_a	5376
Unless the church is a destination , it can be overlooked .	Unless a church is a destination , it can be overlooked .	the_a	5377
... The year after high school , they married .	... A year after high school , they married .	the_a	5378
Susana Reyes , the 40-year-old clothing store clerk , was not sympathetic .	Susana Reyes , a 40-year-old clothing store clerk , was not sympathetic .	the_a	5379
The stench filled the air .	A stench filled the air .	the_a	5380
The phone call to her home was not answered .	A phone call to her home was not answered .	the_a	5381
But at $ 12,000 the month , it was way over budget .	But at $ 12,000 a month , it was way over budget .	the_a	5382
The little perspective about what 's at stake never hurts either .	A little perspective about what 's at stake never hurts either .	the_a	5383
The flight is being targeted for 2013 .	A flight is being targeted for 2013 .	the_a	5384
The " Versus " mode lets you fight in a number of arenas .	A " Versus " mode lets you fight in a number of arenas .	the_a	5385
The further slowdown this autumn looks likely .	A further slowdown this autumn looks likely .	the_a	5386
The success of the thriller depends on your keenness to turn the pages .	The success of a thriller depends on your keenness to turn the pages .	the_a	5387
The taped portion previously recorded was broadcast instead .	A taped portion previously recorded was broadcast instead .	the_a	5388
The swimming pool had its inside painted with mock waves by Mr. Hockey .	A swimming pool had its inside painted with mock waves by Mr. Hockey .	the_a	5389
The new player has entered the rivalry this year : Boeing .	A new player has entered the rivalry this year : Boeing .	the_a	5390
The heavy smell of char and smoke remained .	A heavy smell of char and smoke remained .	the_a	5391
Presently , the staff of 23 is working in the Singapore office .	Presently , a staff of 23 is working in the Singapore office .	the_a	5392
But negotiations so far on the terms of the visit are not promising .	But negotiations so far on the terms of a visit are not promising .	the_a	5393
The murder warrant had been issued for 20-year-old Ernesto Reyes of Denton .	A murder warrant had been issued for 20-year-old Ernesto Reyes of Denton .	the_a	5394
The spokeswoman for Tayside Police said detectives were treating the incident as suspicious .	A spokeswoman for Tayside Police said detectives were treating the incident as suspicious .	the_a	5395
The mine exploded under his Humvee in Helmand province , Afghanistan .	A mine exploded under his Humvee in Helmand province , Afghanistan .	the_a	5396
The retuning system eliminates that need , Adams says .	A retuning system eliminates that need , Adams says .	the_a	5397
Once in the while , have a No Electricity Day .	Once in a while , have a No Electricity Day .	the_a	5398
The 30-pound chunk of the Wllamette Meteorite is shown in an undated photograph .	A 30-pound chunk of the Wllamette Meteorite is shown in an undated photograph .	the_a	5399
Price , the 6-foot-2 guard , has had a turbulent stay at Connecticut .	Price , a 6-foot-2 guard , has had a turbulent stay at Connecticut .	the_a	5400
Up ahead , the green steel bridge straddled the Euphrates .	Up ahead , a green steel bridge straddled the Euphrates .	the_a	5401
The hazardous materials team was dispatched to get spilled fuel off the highway .	A hazardous materials team was dispatched to get spilled fuel off the highway .	the_a	5402
The family has been named the brainiest in Britain by technology giant Nintendo .	A family has been named the brainiest in Britain by technology giant Nintendo .	the_a	5403
His girlfriend of the year plans to follow him to Mexico .	His girlfriend of a year plans to follow him to Mexico .	the_a	5404
Once the agnostic , he says he is now a Christian , .	Once an agnostic , he says he is now a Christian , .	the_a	5405
The ratification process would take about two weeks .	A ratification process would take about two weeks .	the_a	5406
The intellectual discussion will bring us closer to that center .	An intellectual discussion will bring us closer to that center .	the_a	5407
The neti pot or nasal irrigator , said to help with allergy symptoms .	A neti pot or nasal irrigator , said to help with allergy symptoms .	the_a	5408
In the way , he was two years too early .	In a way , he was two years too early .	the_a	5409
The total of 280 patients are expected to be enrolled .	A total of 280 patients are expected to be enrolled .	the_a	5410
Otherwise the UN peace-keeping force might have been summoned to protect him .	Otherwise a UN peace-keeping force might have been summoned to protect him .	the_a	5411
The lot of hedge fund and private equity businesses are doing fine .	A lot of hedge fund and private equity businesses are doing fine .	the_a	5412
Suddenly , the motorbike came heading towards me at top speed .	Suddenly , a motorbike came heading towards me at top speed .	the_a	5413
For more than the century , scientists have debated how birds evolved flight .	For more than a century , scientists have debated how birds evolved flight .	the_a	5414
The provisional trial date has been set for June 2008 .	A provisional trial date has been set for June 2008 .	the_a	5415
More than the billion gallons of water is released from Lanier every day .	More than a billion gallons of water is released from Lanier every day .	the_a	5416
The country shouldn 't do it unless it has to .	A country shouldn 't do it unless it has to .	the_a	5417
The woman 's body has been found on a Teesside beach .	A woman 's body has been found on a Teesside beach .	the_a	5418
The sign of panic , some commentators suggested .	A sign of panic , some commentators suggested .	the_a	5419
Siegler , the 49-year-old Swiss , left FIFA after 12 years in September .	Siegler , a 49-year-old Swiss , left FIFA after 12 years in September .	the_a	5420
The lot of these kids surprise themselves .	A lot of these kids surprise themselves .	the_a	5421
Rescue crews and the dog were searching the rubble .	Rescue crews and a dog were searching the rubble .	the_a	5422
The relative said one man had been shot by the militants .	A relative said one man had been shot by the militants .	the_a	5423
The wood house nearby was also demolished .	A wood house nearby was also demolished .	the_a	5424
The incomprehensible world is dismissible and disownable .	An incomprehensible world is dismissible and disownable .	the_a	5425
The quarter of its staff was laid off last year .	A quarter of its staff was laid off last year .	the_a	5426
The road ahead , the narrowing dirt path , became impassable .	The road ahead , a narrowing dirt path , became impassable .	the_a	5427
The warm breeze sends the invigorating scent of juniper through the air .	A warm breeze sends the invigorating scent of juniper through the air .	the_a	5428
The intelligence official confirmed that Qureshi was injured .	An intelligence official confirmed that Qureshi was injured .	the_a	5429
The preliminary hearing is scheduled for December 28th .	A preliminary hearing is scheduled for December 28th .	the_a	5430
The holiday layoff of this kind is unprecedented at the Mobile facility .	A holiday layoff of this kind is unprecedented at the Mobile facility .	the_a	5431
Newfoundland , until then the British dominion , becomes a province of Canada .	Newfoundland , until then a British dominion , becomes a province of Canada .	the_a	5432
But with the thin free-agent market , making a trade could be challenging .	But with a thin free-agent market , making a trade could be challenging .	the_a	5433
In the strong market , works on paper bring high sums .	In a strong market , works on paper bring high sums .	the_a	5434
In the statement , the association also objected to the new rules .	In a statement , the association also objected to the new rules .	the_a	5435
The household 's screen-time allowance system may morph over time .	A household 's screen-time allowance system may morph over time .	the_a	5436
The more than two-hour wind delay halted the start of play Saturday morning .	A more than two-hour wind delay halted the start of play Saturday morning .	the_a	5437
But in less than the week it was pulled from distribution .	But in less than a week it was pulled from distribution .	the_a	5438
That , in the nutshell , is the right stuff .	That , in a nutshell , is the right stuff .	the_a	5439
The call to that office was not returned Sunday .	A call to that office was not returned Sunday .	the_a	5440
The metric tons is 2,205 pounds .	A metric tons is 2,205 pounds .	the_a	5441
The reading of 80 is predicted , compared with 80.9 for October .	A reading of 80 is predicted , compared with 80.9 for October .	the_a	5442
The few dozen stragglers clung to the back of Mr. Bonasia 's hand .	A few dozen stragglers clung to the back of Mr. Bonasia 's hand .	the_a	5443
Ms. Cooper , the mezzo-soprano , comes from a family of performers .	Ms. Cooper , a mezzo-soprano , comes from a family of performers .	the_a	5444
The reporter asked how he had been .	A reporter asked how he had been .	the_a	5445
The Ramones Drummer Says Hey !	A Ramones Drummer Says Hey !	the_a	5446
The reading above 50 suggests expansion .	A reading above 50 suggests expansion .	the_a	5447
The police spokesman confirmed Osman 's detention .	A police spokesman confirmed Osman 's detention .	the_a	5448
The example is Microsoft .	An example is Microsoft .	the_a	5449
The reading of 53.0 is expected for August , versus 53.8 for July .	A reading of 53.0 is expected for August , versus 53.8 for July .	the_a	5450
The police spokeswoman said they were treating the incident as suspicious .	A police spokeswoman said they were treating the incident as suspicious .	the_a	5451
But later that year the box arrived that nobody had been expecting .	But later that year a box arrived that nobody had been expecting .	the_a	5452
And so on , with the evolution of rules that continues today .	And so on , with an evolution of rules that continues today .	the_a	5453
On the neighbouring street I met Craig McGill .	On a neighbouring street I met Craig McGill .	the_a	5454
In the separate statement , Mr. Sutherland apologized .	In a separate statement , Mr. Sutherland apologized .	the_a	5455
Her dog , the golden Labrador , climbed out safely .	Her dog , a golden Labrador , climbed out safely .	the_a	5456
Expectations of the Fed rate cut have also diminished , Mr. Levkovich said .	Expectations of a Fed rate cut have also diminished , Mr. Levkovich said .	the_a	5457
Online for the place by the red carpet , The Associated Press reported .	Online for a place by the red carpet , The Associated Press reported .	the_a	5458
Like the manager of a car dealership , I bring out the numbers .	Like a manager of a car dealership , I bring out the numbers .	the_a	5459
The third man was also caught , leaving two at large .	A third man was also caught , leaving two at large .	the_a	5460
Frist , the Republican , is a former Senate majority leader .	Frist , a Republican , is a former Senate majority leader .	the_a	5461
The man , believed to be aged 18 , was arrested .	A man , believed to be aged 18 , was arrested .	the_a	5462
The soft , angled dink , perhaps , surely a mistake .	A soft , angled dink , perhaps , surely a mistake .	the_a	5463
The Isle of Man library has completed an upgrade of its computer suite .	An Isle of Man library has completed an upgrade of its computer suite .	the_a	5464
The slightly more unusual option to consider is gold .	A slightly more unusual option to consider is gold .	the_a	5465
Even on the Tuesday afternoon , custom at his post office is brisk .	Even on a Tuesday afternoon , custom at his post office is brisk .	the_a	5466
The jury has already found that the Sun-Herald article defamed Fawcett .	A jury has already found that the Sun-Herald article defamed Fawcett .	the_a	5467
The decision will be made in July 2008 .	A decision will be made in July 2008 .	the_a	5468
.. The similar though less striking relationship occurred among the Democrats .	.. A similar though less striking relationship occurred among the Democrats .	the_a	5469
Judy McGuire , the dating columnist from Brooklyn , has totally been there .	Judy McGuire , a dating columnist from Brooklyn , has totally been there .	the_a	5470
The few ounces of pen prevention are worth pounds of cure .	A few ounces of pen prevention are worth pounds of cure .	the_a	5471
The lot of the sale of information is used to fund other crimes .	A lot of the sale of information is used to fund other crimes .	the_a	5472
The next week , the aunt died .	The next week , an aunt died .	the_a	5473
The man has been found dead at the bottom of cliffs in Cornwall .	A man has been found dead at the bottom of cliffs in Cornwall .	the_a	5474
The phone message left at Hackett 's office was not immediately returned Thursday .	A phone message left at Hackett 's office was not immediately returned Thursday .	the_a	5475
The New Zealand buyer scooped up a whopping 3,000 in one order .	A New Zealand buyer scooped up a whopping 3,000 in one order .	the_a	5476
The lack of exercise is a huge factor in obesity rates .	A lack of exercise is a huge factor in obesity rates .	the_a	5477
Two girls the 7-year-old and a 17-year-old remained hospitalized , Hassanin said .	Two girls a 7-year-old and a 17-year-old remained hospitalized , Hassanin said .	the_a	5478
The new constitution was drawn up and some opposition activity was permitted .	A new constitution was drawn up and some opposition activity was permitted .	the_a	5479
With the set of sevens , the pair was scored fairly .	With a set of sevens , the pair was scored fairly .	the_a	5480
The call to Strahan 's agent , Tony Agnone , was not returned .	A call to Strahan 's agent , Tony Agnone , was not returned .	the_a	5481
" The blood based test would be really valuable , " Glatt said .	" A blood based test would be really valuable , " Glatt said .	the_a	5482
Pledge The full neurological recovery was bleak , dismal .	Pledge A full neurological recovery was bleak , dismal .	the_a	5483
Third-stringer Matt Gutierrez , the rookie , completed his only pass this season .	Third-stringer Matt Gutierrez , a rookie , completed his only pass this season .	the_a	5484
Finally , the few minutes before midnight , she leaves .	Finally , a few minutes before midnight , she leaves .	the_a	5485
With the personal monitor , you can always move the kid .	With a personal monitor , you can always move the kid .	the_a	5486
Once upon the time , everybody learnt to read with Janet and John .	Once upon a time , everybody learnt to read with Janet and John .	the_a	5487
The replay also will be available for 30 days after the conference .	A replay also will be available for 30 days after the conference .	the_a	5488
The man and woman in the Cadillac were killed .	A man and woman in the Cadillac were killed .	the_a	5489
The investment in the Fund should be considered speculative .	An investment in the Fund should be considered speculative .	the_a	5490
Four other American soldiers and the Iraqi soldier were killed in the attack .	Four other American soldiers and an Iraqi soldier were killed in the attack .	the_a	5491
The message left at Levy 's home was not returned .	A message left at Levy 's home was not returned .	the_a	5492
The few national newspapers are considering printing extracts , Kartohadiprodjo said .	A few national newspapers are considering printing extracts , Kartohadiprodjo said .	the_a	5493
The two-way interactive medium can rectify this .	A two-way interactive medium can rectify this .	the_a	5494
The spokeswoman for the buying group could not be reached .	A spokeswoman for the buying group could not be reached .	the_a	5495
The subsequent report by Muslims groups said the same thing .	A subsequent report by Muslims groups said the same thing .	the_a	5496
In that case , the primer is in order .	In that case , a primer is in order .	the_a	5497
The average sale in the Coach store is $ 325 .	The average sale in a Coach store is $ 325 .	the_a	5498
The phone message was left with the department .	A phone message was left with the department .	the_a	5499
The Unison spokeswoman said further meetings would be held over the next week .	A Unison spokeswoman said further meetings would be held over the next week .	the_a	5500
In the statement , Mayor Michael Coleman called the videos offensive .	In a statement , Mayor Michael Coleman called the videos offensive .	the_a	5501
The forehand winner duly put the Swiss a set up .	A forehand winner duly put the Swiss a set up .	the_a	5502
The woman named Selvi Venkatesh was a typical job seeker .	A woman named Selvi Venkatesh was a typical job seeker .	the_a	5503
The beam of ions is directed at the substrate .	A beam of ions is directed at the substrate .	the_a	5504
The United Nations August survey said the situation is an emergency .	A United Nations August survey said the situation is an emergency .	the_a	5505
Such the conflict could involve the United States .	Such a conflict could involve the United States .	the_a	5506
The few days later , he said he had given it to Papelbon .	A few days later , he said he had given it to Papelbon .	the_a	5507
The distinctive voice that can easily be recognized and imitated .	A distinctive voice that can easily be recognized and imitated .	the_a	5508
That the lack of sleep can make people grumpy is hardly news .	That a lack of sleep can make people grumpy is hardly news .	the_a	5509
The materials for the full biography of Saki no longer exist .	The materials for a full biography of Saki no longer exist .	the_a	5510
The nanometer is a billionth of a meter .	A nanometer is a billionth of a meter .	the_a	5511
The whole layer of subprime borrowers are facing financial ruin and foreclosure .	A whole layer of subprime borrowers are facing financial ruin and foreclosure .	the_a	5512
No doubt , the sentiment Gates can find encouraging .	No doubt , a sentiment Gates can find encouraging .	the_a	5513
The filmmaker walks into a used bookstore .	A filmmaker walks into a used bookstore .	the_a	5514
In " The Secular Age , " Taylor answers with a resounding no .	In " A Secular Age , " Taylor answers with a resounding no .	the_a	5515
The cluster of relatives approached to embrace .	A cluster of relatives approached to embrace .	the_a	5516
That the aid organization is targeted by gunmen is deeply disturbing .	That an aid organization is targeted by gunmen is deeply disturbing .	the_a	5517
The tattoo circled her right arm .	A tattoo circled her right arm .	the_a	5518
The war to end in Iraq .	A war to end in Iraq .	the_a	5519
The murder investigation is now under way .	A murder investigation is now under way .	the_a	5520
For the year , Toothman struggled with her half of the payment .	For a year , Toothman struggled with her half of the payment .	the_a	5521
The couple of booths stand out .	A couple of booths stand out .	the_a	5522
The paratrooper had just been killed by an improvised explosive device .	A paratrooper had just been killed by an improvised explosive device .	the_a	5523
The gearbox malfunction means the rookie eventually finishes seventh .	A gearbox malfunction means the rookie eventually finishes seventh .	the_a	5524
The $ 36 million apartment development is going up on university-owned land .	A $ 36 million apartment development is going up on university-owned land .	the_a	5525
The prospect of the new trial for Mr. Tankleff has buoyed his supporters .	The prospect of a new trial for Mr. Tankleff has buoyed his supporters .	the_a	5526
The Mock Columnist , Amok - New York Times I started fighting al-Qaeda .	A Mock Columnist , Amok - New York Times I started fighting al-Qaeda .	the_a	5527
The civilian employee that does this is often considered a slacker .	A civilian employee that does this is often considered a slacker .	the_a	5528
But the even bigger challenge is long-term rehabilitation .	But an even bigger challenge is long-term rehabilitation .	the_a	5529
The Little Test Says No Virginia State Police arrested him without incident .	A Little Test Says No Virginia State Police arrested him without incident .	the_a	5530
Only the occasional wandering waiter disturbed this stillness .	Only an occasional wandering waiter disturbed this stillness .	the_a	5531
In tennis , the first offense for cocaine draws a two-year suspension .	In tennis , a first offense for cocaine draws a two-year suspension .	the_a	5532
The magnetic resonance imaging exam yesterday revealed a serious left knee injury .	A magnetic resonance imaging exam yesterday revealed a serious left knee injury .	the_a	5533
The good offer in the Premier League almost certainly would .	A good offer in the Premier League almost certainly would .	the_a	5534
The bull thinks for himself .	A bull thinks for himself .	the_a	5535
The arraignment for the men was scheduled for Oct. 11 .	An arraignment for the men was scheduled for Oct. 11 .	the_a	5536
Eight years ago the member of the club shot three men dead .	Eight years ago a member of the club shot three men dead .	the_a	5537
The prison official stood by his side .	A prison official stood by his side .	the_a	5538
The decision on the proposals is expected next spring .	A decision on the proposals is expected next spring .	the_a	5539
" " Its also the place where personal lives can flourish .	" " Its also a place where personal lives can flourish .	the_a	5540
Not everyone with the roof can have a roof garden .	Not everyone with a roof can have a roof garden .	the_a	5541
But sometimes the frock is just pretty .	But sometimes a frock is just pretty .	the_a	5542
The large proportion of the money is spent on TV commercials .	A large proportion of the money is spent on TV commercials .	the_a	5543
The sweet lyrical voice was silenced .	A sweet lyrical voice was silenced .	the_a	5544
The 16-year-old carrying one teen passenger was 39 percent more likely to die .	A 16-year-old carrying one teen passenger was 39 percent more likely to die .	the_a	5545
Often the room can be enlivened by changing the eye-level .	Often a room can be enlivened by changing the eye-level .	the_a	5546
Wary of Past , Clinton Unveils the Health Plan Reality was different .	Wary of Past , Clinton Unveils a Health Plan Reality was different .	the_a	5547
The spokeswoman for prosecutor Bob Ariail also confirmed motions would be heard Friday .	A spokeswoman for prosecutor Bob Ariail also confirmed motions would be heard Friday .	the_a	5548
The third expressed dismay that Mr. Bush could not run for president again .	A third expressed dismay that Mr. Bush could not run for president again .	the_a	5549
The Q & A will follow .	A Q & A will follow .	the_a	5550
The man is seriously ill in hospital after a river rescue in Sunderland .	A man is seriously ill in hospital after a river rescue in Sunderland .	the_a	5551
Only the few couples took the floor .	Only a few couples took the floor .	the_a	5552
The succession of American efforts to locate him have failed .	A succession of American efforts to locate him have failed .	the_a	5553
The body of the man has been discovered in a lake in Merseyside .	The body of a man has been discovered in a lake in Merseyside .	the_a	5554
The extra bedroom off the foyer serves as a fitting room .	An extra bedroom off the foyer serves as a fitting room .	the_a	5555
After the strong start the market never came out of the summer recess .	After a strong start the market never came out of the summer recess .	the_a	5556
Mr Stoltenberg , the economist , was 46 when he took office .	Mr Stoltenberg , an economist , was 46 when he took office .	the_a	5557
The third " hot " dark matter model has already been ruled out .	A third " hot " dark matter model has already been ruled out .	the_a	5558
The password can give a false sense of security .	A password can give a false sense of security .	the_a	5559
LOS ANGELES - The animated series is redrawing the lines of television mega-deals .	LOS ANGELES - An animated series is redrawing the lines of television mega-deals .	the_a	5560
The Associated Press reporter saw nine cars of a train completely burned .	An Associated Press reporter saw nine cars of a train completely burned .	the_a	5561
What kind of the country are we ?	What kind of a country are we ?	the_a	5562
The cost of the echocardiogram or EKG would not be supportable .	The cost of an echocardiogram or EKG would not be supportable .	the_a	5563
The wolf killed by villagers turned out to be rabid .	A wolf killed by villagers turned out to be rabid .	the_a	5564
The decision on the school 's probe is pending .	A decision on the school 's probe is pending .	the_a	5565
For the first iteration of the feature , Smile Shutter works surprisingly well .	For the first iteration of a feature , Smile Shutter works surprisingly well .	the_a	5566
The Falcons turnover set up Manning 's third touchdown pass of the quarter .	A Falcons turnover set up Manning 's third touchdown pass of the quarter .	the_a	5567
Jim Peterson , the customer , told the newspaper that people became distraught .	Jim Peterson , a customer , told the newspaper that people became distraught .	the_a	5568
The verdict is expected next month , the newspaper said .	A verdict is expected next month , the newspaper said .	the_a	5569
On the off-speed pitch though , Manny singles to left .	On an off-speed pitch though , Manny singles to left .	the_a	5570
And the opinionated entrepreneur can become a guru to millions .	And an opinionated entrepreneur can become a guru to millions .	the_a	5571
the Awards , said : ?	a Awards , said : ?	the_a	5572
The government spokeswoman said an investigation was being held by ministers .	A government spokeswoman said an investigation was being held by ministers .	the_a	5573
The third candidate , Kalonzo Musyoka , held steady at 8 percent .	A third candidate , Kalonzo Musyoka , held steady at 8 percent .	the_a	5574
The drug-resistant patient , the football player , was hospitalized for three days .	The drug-resistant patient , a football player , was hospitalized for three days .	the_a	5575
The lot of flak comes with the territory , too , she sighs .	A lot of flak comes with the territory , too , she sighs .	the_a	5576
The college classmate recalls that the attorney-general nominee was no conservative on campus .	A college classmate recalls that the attorney-general nominee was no conservative on campus .	the_a	5577
The Apache helicopter escorted the MEDEVAC chopper in case there was more gunfire .	An Apache helicopter escorted the MEDEVAC chopper in case there was more gunfire .	the_a	5578
, the investment consulting firm that he joined in 1999 .	, an investment consulting firm that he joined in 1999 .	the_a	5579
The message seeking comment was left with Hill 's attorney Fernando Mack .	A message seeking comment was left with Hill 's attorney Fernando Mack .	the_a	5580
The building engineer was killed during a freak elevator accident in 2005 .	A building engineer was killed during a freak elevator accident in 2005 .	the_a	5581
The 17-year-old boy has been arrested over the attack on the pub .	A 17-year-old boy has been arrested over the attack on the pub .	the_a	5582
The little creativity might also help .	A little creativity might also help .	the_a	5583
But the doctor testifying for Mette 's defense rejected the Dubuque findings .	But a doctor testifying for Mette 's defense rejected the Dubuque findings .	the_a	5584
Players with the intellectual bent can stand out in a baseball clubhouse .	Players with an intellectual bent can stand out in a baseball clubhouse .	the_a	5585
The recession is when the economy stops growing and goes into reverse .	A recession is when the economy stops growing and goes into reverse .	the_a	5586
The decision on whether to go ahead with the scheme rests with ministers .	A decision on whether to go ahead with the scheme rests with ministers .	the_a	5587
The autopsy is scheduled today .	An autopsy is scheduled today .	the_a	5588
The new chief justice has been appointed , officials say .	A new chief justice has been appointed , officials say .	the_a	5589
Though the Republican , Huckabee has actually echoed Obama , a Democrat .	Though a Republican , Huckabee has actually echoed Obama , a Democrat .	the_a	5590
The writer friend of mine recently tried and found it surprisingly difficult .	A writer friend of mine recently tried and found it surprisingly difficult .	the_a	5591
The target of 20-25 per cent of the electorate is not incredible .	A target of 20-25 per cent of the electorate is not incredible .	the_a	5592
The quick look at winesearcher.com shows similar prices .	A quick look at winesearcher.com shows similar prices .	the_a	5593
" The good number of transactions are being processed , " he said .	" A good number of transactions are being processed , " he said .	the_a	5594
And in the sense , that is what happened .	And in a sense , that is what happened .	the_a	5595
Beatles II : The Film About George The vote was 265-142 .	Beatles II : A Film About George The vote was 265-142 .	the_a	5596
The phone number for Infante could not be found .	A phone number for Infante could not be found .	the_a	5597
In the state like ours , we could certainly have a couple .	In a state like ours , we could certainly have a couple .	the_a	5598
Why Nobody Likes the Smart Machine Whatever sells .	Why Nobody Likes a Smart Machine Whatever sells .	the_a	5599
Surely the single drink cannot wear a big hole in your pocketbook .	Surely a single drink cannot wear a big hole in your pocketbook .	the_a	5600
The ruling was expected this week .	A ruling was expected this week .	the_a	5601
The motorcyclist has died in a crash involving a tractor in Cambridgeshire .	A motorcyclist has died in a crash involving a tractor in Cambridgeshire .	the_a	5602
The negative charge pushes the black chips up , rendering words and images .	A negative charge pushes the black chips up , rendering words and images .	the_a	5603
The perplexing event is about to disturb his day .	A perplexing event is about to disturb his day .	the_a	5604
After the study found that toddlers treat them as if they are human .	After a study found that toddlers treat them as if they are human .	the_a	5605
The chorus of laughter interrupted my thoughts .	A chorus of laughter interrupted my thoughts .	the_a	5606
" " The Awakening SCALP masque regimen is an exquisite indulgence .	" " An Awakening SCALP masque regimen is an exquisite indulgence .	the_a	5607
The acupuncture session can cost $ 45 to $ 100 , Young said .	An acupuncture session can cost $ 45 to $ 100 , Young said .	the_a	5608
The very large and extremely important document could be coming your way .	A very large and extremely important document could be coming your way .	the_a	5609
In 1991 , the tropical storm claimed roughly 140,000 lives .	In 1991 , a tropical storm claimed roughly 140,000 lives .	the_a	5610
The additional 5 million women suffer permanent or temporary injury .	An additional 5 million women suffer permanent or temporary injury .	the_a	5611
But the group of government-commissioned researchers has already taken the first step .	But a group of government-commissioned researchers has already taken the first step .	the_a	5612
The mother can usually teach a daughter how to be a woman .	A mother can usually teach a daughter how to be a woman .	the_a	5613
The 8-gigabyte version of iPod Touch will cost $ 299 .	An 8-gigabyte version of iPod Touch will cost $ 299 .	the_a	5614
The pioneering new centre for dealing with low-level youth crime has opened .	A pioneering new centre for dealing with low-level youth crime has opened .	the_a	5615
The democratic Japan has brought peace and prosperity to its people .	A democratic Japan has brought peace and prosperity to its people .	the_a	5616
Newman 's return at cornerback from the heel injury is timely .	Newman 's return at cornerback from a heel injury is timely .	the_a	5617
The post-mortem examination is expected to take place on Monday .	A post-mortem examination is expected to take place on Monday .	the_a	5618
The Army lieutenant colonel again flew from Washington to Tel Aviv .	An Army lieutenant colonel again flew from Washington to Tel Aviv .	the_a	5619
The country battered by war is always a soft target for disease .	A country battered by war is always a soft target for disease .	the_a	5620
The new Espiritu Wellness Center is also being added in 2008 / 2009 .	A new Espiritu Wellness Center is also being added in 2008 / 2009 .	the_a	5621
Probably the mix tape to a girlfriend because I was unbelievably poor .	Probably a mix tape to a girlfriend because I was unbelievably poor .	the_a	5622
The year later she married and had two more children .	A year later she married and had two more children .	the_a	5623
The German immigrant who published the New York Weekly Journal .	A German immigrant who published the New York Weekly Journal .	the_a	5624
The sukuk is a relatively simple and transparent financial instrument .	A sukuk is a relatively simple and transparent financial instrument .	the_a	5625
The UAE Publishers Association in Abu Dhabi is currently being formed .	A UAE Publishers Association in Abu Dhabi is currently being formed .	the_a	5626
Oh , but how the buyers ' market changes that attitude .	Oh , but how a buyers ' market changes that attitude .	the_a	5627
But the official denied the animal had bitten the woman .	But an official denied the animal had bitten the woman .	the_a	5628
The woman asked Mr. Edwards about global warming .	A woman asked Mr. Edwards about global warming .	the_a	5629
The head of the pin is 1 million nanometers wide .	The head of a pin is 1 million nanometers wide .	the_a	5630
The crowd of curious neighbors strained to see what was going on .	A crowd of curious neighbors strained to see what was going on .	the_a	5631
The inquiry involving police and the Health and Safety Executive continues .	An inquiry involving police and the Health and Safety Executive continues .	the_a	5632
The Spitzer spokeswoman did not immediately reply to an e-mail seeking comment .	A Spitzer spokeswoman did not immediately reply to an e-mail seeking comment .	the_a	5633
But for the lack of clinical finishing , they should even have won .	But for a lack of clinical finishing , they should even have won .	the_a	5634
The old state treasurer 's report notes the program by name .	An old state treasurer 's report notes the program by name .	the_a	5635
The great cook , she loved to entertain .	A great cook , she loved to entertain .	the_a	5636
Like the spider , my mother was a weaver .	Like a spider , my mother was a weaver .	the_a	5637
Once the sheep has learned to jump , you 've had it .	Once a sheep has learned to jump , you 've had it .	the_a	5638
The man has been treated in hospital after an attack in Oxfordshire .	A man has been treated in hospital after an attack in Oxfordshire .	the_a	5639
The community has taken shape .	A community has taken shape .	the_a	5640
72 What the game we have wakened to !	72 What a game we have wakened to !	the_a	5641
The prototype is slated for 2008 .	A prototype is slated for 2008 .	the_a	5642
The similar spate of thefts has been reported in Tayside .	A similar spate of thefts has been reported in Tayside .	the_a	5643
Irene Rosenbaum , the retired social worker , was less convinced .	Irene Rosenbaum , a retired social worker , was less convinced .	the_a	5644
The office promoting London has been opened in the Indian capital Delhi .	An office promoting London has been opened in the Indian capital Delhi .	the_a	5645
The book that is simultaneously morally disgusting and excruciatingly dull .	A book that is simultaneously morally disgusting and excruciatingly dull .	the_a	5646
The representative for McGowan declined to comment on her reported engagement .	A representative for McGowan declined to comment on her reported engagement .	the_a	5647
The minister also confirmed the discussions were taking place .	A minister also confirmed the discussions were taking place .	the_a	5648
Or at least the Don 't Know .	Or at least a Don 't Know .	the_a	5649
The second collapse killed three rescuers and injured six others Aug. 16 .	A second collapse killed three rescuers and injured six others Aug. 16 .	the_a	5650
, to the home on Friday to visit friends .	, to a home on Friday to visit friends .	the_a	5651
The success at Nascar gets a rest .	A success at Nascar gets a rest .	the_a	5652
The revolution in which Mason is happy to be in the vanguard .	A revolution in which Mason is happy to be in the vanguard .	the_a	5653
After such the treat , is there room for more ?	After such a treat , is there room for more ?	the_a	5654
So , yes , the fresh coat of paint certainly helps .	So , yes , a fresh coat of paint certainly helps .	the_a	5655
Wasn 't just the good police commissioner , was an outstanding police commissioner .	Wasn 't just a good police commissioner , was an outstanding police commissioner .	the_a	5656
The Blair spokesman says he relishes the micro aspect of his new role .	A Blair spokesman says he relishes the micro aspect of his new role .	the_a	5657
The lawsuit is pending from that outbreak .	A lawsuit is pending from that outbreak .	the_a	5658
What the mess he would gotten himself into .	What a mess he would gotten himself into .	the_a	5659
The cyclist required hospital treatment after a bottle was thrown at her .	A cyclist required hospital treatment after a bottle was thrown at her .	the_a	5660
The Amber Alert has been issued for Gonzalez .	An Amber Alert has been issued for Gonzalez .	the_a	5661
, in October , the pickup slammed into a 830-pound grizzly bear .	, in October , a pickup slammed into a 830-pound grizzly bear .	the_a	5662
The similar story unfolded in Texas .	A similar story unfolded in Texas .	the_a	5663
The plea agreement had not been filed with the clerk 's office .	A plea agreement had not been filed with the clerk 's office .	the_a	5664
The attorney for DiTullio did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	An attorney for DiTullio did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	the_a	5665
In the late-year flurry , Congress passed many bills last week .	In a late-year flurry , Congress passed many bills last week .	the_a	5666
But the federal court rejected a time extension .	But a federal court rejected a time extension .	the_a	5667
The replay of the call will be available for 30 days .	A replay of the call will be available for 30 days .	the_a	5668
The trial is scheduled to begin in spring 2009 .	A trial is scheduled to begin in spring 2009 .	the_a	5669
Talk of the lawsuit had loomed as a possibility from the first day .	Talk of a lawsuit had loomed as a possibility from the first day .	the_a	5670
AZUZ : The lot of networking happens face to face .	AZUZ : A lot of networking happens face to face .	the_a	5671
The epic drought in Georgia threatens the water supply for millions .	An epic drought in Georgia threatens the water supply for millions .	the_a	5672
Still , the change would be tough for Marion .	Still , a change would be tough for Marion .	the_a	5673
The hearing was scheduled Wednesday for more custody proceedings between Spears and Federline .	A hearing was scheduled Wednesday for more custody proceedings between Spears and Federline .	the_a	5674
The final decision from the court is still pending .	A final decision from the court is still pending .	the_a	5675
For instance , why tip the cabdriver you will probably never see again ?	For instance , why tip a cabdriver you will probably never see again ?	the_a	5676
The third man was arrested in London and is now being questioned .	A third man was arrested in London and is now being questioned .	the_a	5677
The total of 27 restaurants in the two cities earned one star .	A total of 27 restaurants in the two cities earned one star .	the_a	5678
The lot of my debt was acquired trying to save money .	A lot of my debt was acquired trying to save money .	the_a	5679
The outdoor music festival in Stanmer Park that features mainstream acts .	An outdoor music festival in Stanmer Park that features mainstream acts .	the_a	5680
In Barcelona , the similar march turned violent .	In Barcelona , a similar march turned violent .	the_a	5681
The couple of ballboys needed to mop up the spill .	A couple of ballboys needed to mop up the spill .	the_a	5682
The cold winter could make matters even worse .	A cold winter could make matters even worse .	the_a	5683
The first class experience it is not .	A first class experience it is not .	the_a	5684
The as-yet-unnamed building across the street will break ground early next year .	An as-yet-unnamed building across the street will break ground early next year .	the_a	5685
" The policeman started screaming : " To hell with your photos !	" A policeman started screaming : " To hell with your photos !	the_a	5686
The high percentage of renters shows that owner-occupants steer clear of that property .	A high percentage of renters shows that owner-occupants steer clear of that property .	the_a	5687
The spokesman for the Canadian-born Anderson was unavailable for comment .	A spokesman for the Canadian-born Anderson was unavailable for comment .	the_a	5688
The native of St. Louis , Morgan graduated from the University of Missouri .	A native of St. Louis , Morgan graduated from the University of Missouri .	the_a	5689
( The Formula One-style automated manual is an option ) .	( A Formula One-style automated manual is an option ) .	the_a	5690
The " Tonight Show " appearance is set for Wednesday .	A " Tonight Show " appearance is set for Wednesday .	the_a	5691
The average conversion costs $ 5,575 , the Oilheat Council says .	An average conversion costs $ 5,575 , the Oilheat Council says .	the_a	5692
The day later , at least four players underwent the exam .	A day later , at least four players underwent the exam .	the_a	5693
The Taliban spokesman also denied receiving any money .	A Taliban spokesman also denied receiving any money .	the_a	5694
The spokesman said 120 Internet Group employees would be affected by the shutdown .	A spokesman said 120 Internet Group employees would be affected by the shutdown .	the_a	5695
The similar analysis in 2006 found 118,730 wells were planned .	A similar analysis in 2006 found 118,730 wells were planned .	the_a	5696
Confusion over the possible deal has reigned for weeks .	Confusion over a possible deal has reigned for weeks .	the_a	5697
However the holding penalty against the Wildcats negated that .	However a holding penalty against the Wildcats negated that .	the_a	5698
The 10-day police search has so far failed to find the disks .	A 10-day police search has so far failed to find the disks .	the_a	5699
Murder-suicide and the suicide pact were among the theories being considered .	Murder-suicide and a suicide pact were among the theories being considered .	the_a	5700
For now , the dozen extra officers have been assigned to the case .	For now , a dozen extra officers have been assigned to the case .	the_a	5701
Radio Holding Off on Holidays , the Little Both are former prosecutors .	Radio Holding Off on Holidays , a Little Both are former prosecutors .	the_a	5702
The number of people with the genuine allergy to wheat is very small .	The number of people with a genuine allergy to wheat is very small .	the_a	5703
The representative for Hallmark did not immediately return our call for comment .	A representative for Hallmark did not immediately return our call for comment .	the_a	5704
The accompanying graphic compares the two properties .	An accompanying graphic compares the two properties .	the_a	5705
Reyes , the speedy leadoff hitter , is the catalyst .	Reyes , a speedy leadoff hitter , is the catalyst .	the_a	5706
The month after that , he proposed .	A month after that , he proposed .	the_a	5707
Only the few more showers were forecast .	Only a few more showers were forecast .	the_a	5708
The roomy and inexpensive Manhattan apartment is unusual .	A roomy and inexpensive Manhattan apartment is unusual .	the_a	5709
The Lebanese pro-government MP hailed the new tougher line from Paris .	A Lebanese pro-government MP hailed the new tougher line from Paris .	the_a	5710
Every time the podium is set up , Cubans wonder .	Every time a podium is set up , Cubans wonder .	the_a	5711
Just the good way to bond and walk off all that great food !	Just a good way to bond and walk off all that great food !	the_a	5712
9 in the offense that suits his versatility .	9 in an offense that suits his versatility .	the_a	5713
And on Friday , the decade on , it will be no different .	And on Friday , a decade on , it will be no different .	the_a	5714
The Iraqi Reporter For The Washington Post Was Killed Sunday In Baghdad .	An Iraqi Reporter For The Washington Post Was Killed Sunday In Baghdad .	the_a	5715
The multi-party system was introduced in 1991 .	A multi-party system was introduced in 1991 .	the_a	5716
SCRIPT The laugh track plays in the background behind much of the voice-over .	SCRIPT A laugh track plays in the background behind much of the voice-over .	the_a	5717
In the statement Monday , the U.S. Embassy condemned the destruction of Haskanita .	In a statement Monday , the U.S. Embassy condemned the destruction of Haskanita .	the_a	5718
The St. Vincent spokesman said McGlorthon was fired last week .	A St. Vincent spokesman said McGlorthon was fired last week .	the_a	5719
Hick-Fil-A : The squirrel that tried to cross the road .	Hick-Fil-A : A squirrel that tried to cross the road .	the_a	5720
The Tayside Police spokesman said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the blaze .	A Tayside Police spokesman said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the blaze .	the_a	5721
But now the different thought arose .	But now a different thought arose .	the_a	5722
The new 500 Zimbabwe dollar note has also been introduced .	A new 500 Zimbabwe dollar note has also been introduced .	the_a	5723
For doctors , such the reaction can make it harder to work .	For doctors , such a reaction can make it harder to work .	the_a	5724
Employment discrimination against the woman who has , or will have , children .	Employment discrimination against a woman who has , or will have , children .	the_a	5725
The equine retirement age would also be a good idea .	An equine retirement age would also be a good idea .	the_a	5726
The lot of people agree .	A lot of people agree .	the_a	5727
The basket hangs from a rafter overhead .	A basket hangs from a rafter overhead .	the_a	5728
With the quarter of the season gone , the Jets are a mess .	With a quarter of the season gone , the Jets are a mess .	the_a	5729
The go-go concert was being held at Coolidge , Hatcher said .	A go-go concert was being held at Coolidge , Hatcher said .	the_a	5730
The hand vac can be used for crawling bugs as well .	A hand vac can be used for crawling bugs as well .	the_a	5731
The official announcement could come Tuesday .	An official announcement could come Tuesday .	the_a	5732
Occasionally , the cement lorry rumbles by .	Occasionally , a cement lorry rumbles by .	the_a	5733
id = 1616342007 Then the man in a leather jacket leaned forward .	id = 1616342007 Then a man in a leather jacket leaned forward .	the_a	5734
The year earlier , Scotland were defeated 2-0 in Prague by the Czechs .	A year earlier , Scotland were defeated 2-0 in Prague by the Czechs .	the_a	5735
The overblown wildness reigned .	An overblown wildness reigned .	the_a	5736
Therefore , the reliable estimate of its net loss is not available .	Therefore , a reliable estimate of its net loss is not available .	the_a	5737
The officer also died .	An officer also died .	the_a	5738
After the rocky start , Maxjet 's flights have started to fill up .	After a rocky start , Maxjet 's flights have started to fill up .	the_a	5739
The INDEPENDENT consultant has been appointed to investigate Ireland 's calamitous World Cup .	AN INDEPENDENT consultant has been appointed to investigate Ireland 's calamitous World Cup .	the_a	5740
But the lot can change in a year .	But a lot can change in a year .	the_a	5741
The major problem with sanctions is that Myanmar is a sieve .	A major problem with sanctions is that Myanmar is a sieve .	the_a	5742
The lump grew in my throat .	A lump grew in my throat .	the_a	5743
The brunette in skin-tight jeans and a tank top flashed her breasts repeatedly .	A brunette in skin-tight jeans and a tank top flashed her breasts repeatedly .	the_a	5744
The spokesman said the clampdown would take place both in Bristol and Somerset .	A spokesman said the clampdown would take place both in Bristol and Somerset .	the_a	5745
The Justice Department spokeswoman declined comment .	A Justice Department spokeswoman declined comment .	the_a	5746
vR7ztWtO2SCA The significant part of the problem is a collapse in Scottish recruitment .	vR7ztWtO2SCA A significant part of the problem is a collapse in Scottish recruitment .	the_a	5747
Ms. Gill , the student from nearby Bennington College , slid second .	Ms. Gill , a student from nearby Bennington College , slid second .	the_a	5748
The second miracle is needed for the Vatican to bestow sainthood .	A second miracle is needed for the Vatican to bestow sainthood .	the_a	5749
The similar cyclone in 1991 killed 139,000 people along the coast .	A similar cyclone in 1991 killed 139,000 people along the coast .	the_a	5750
The 27-YEAR-OLD motorist died after his car left the road on Monday night .	A 27-YEAR-OLD motorist died after his car left the road on Monday night .	the_a	5751
The message left Saturday for Solanki 's husband was not returned .	A message left Saturday for Solanki 's husband was not returned .	the_a	5752
Stewart , the perennial championship contender , said he supported the change .	Stewart , a perennial championship contender , said he supported the change .	the_a	5753
Only the fraction of the announced crowd of 25,666 stayed past midnight .	Only a fraction of the announced crowd of 25,666 stayed past midnight .	the_a	5754
The fourth child did not make it .	A fourth child did not make it .	the_a	5755
The good deal of it is simply tossed on to the streets .	A good deal of it is simply tossed on to the streets .	the_a	5756
All of the sudden , it is a business with lawyers and lawsuits .	All of a sudden , it is a business with lawyers and lawsuits .	the_a	5757
The first baseman who can hit would be a nice addition .	A first baseman who can hit would be a nice addition .	the_a	5758
Dr. Finkelstein , through the spokesman , declined to comment .	Dr. Finkelstein , through a spokesman , declined to comment .	the_a	5759
The 26-year-old man has been shot in west Belfast .	A 26-year-old man has been shot in west Belfast .	the_a	5760
The caseworker said the agency had suspended them .	A caseworker said the agency had suspended them .	the_a	5761
And what the smell it is , according to some .	And what a smell it is , according to some .	the_a	5762
The record-tying five spacewalks are planned .	A record-tying five spacewalks are planned .	the_a	5763
The American military official said 10 people were wounded , one seriously .	An American military official said 10 people were wounded , one seriously .	the_a	5764
The lot more people ( are ) going to be also coming forward .	A lot more people ( are ) going to be also coming forward .	the_a	5765
The member convicted of a wildlife crime will have their membership withdrawn .	A member convicted of a wildlife crime will have their membership withdrawn .	the_a	5766
The few grocery stores and restaurants have appeared here and there .	A few grocery stores and restaurants have appeared here and there .	the_a	5767
After the harrowing hike through the Pyrenees , he reached safety in Spain .	After a harrowing hike through the Pyrenees , he reached safety in Spain .	the_a	5768
The colloid is a suspension of particles within some substance .	A colloid is a suspension of particles within some substance .	the_a	5769
The statement in the exhibition brochure gives some clue to her thinking .	A statement in the exhibition brochure gives some clue to her thinking .	the_a	5770
, the factory that makes equipment and apparel for the U.S. military .	, a factory that makes equipment and apparel for the U.S. military .	the_a	5771
Several years ago , the flight crashed shortly after take-off .	Several years ago , a flight crashed shortly after take-off .	the_a	5772
With the wide grin , DiPietro grabbed Montoya and blows were exchanged .	With a wide grin , DiPietro grabbed Montoya and blows were exchanged .	the_a	5773
The lack of the touch screen limits usefulness of Web browser .	The lack of a touch screen limits usefulness of Web browser .	the_a	5774
Capt. Noa Meir , the Israeli Army spokeswoman , said that was impossible .	Capt. Noa Meir , an Israeli Army spokeswoman , said that was impossible .	the_a	5775
The riotous group of Pumas were celebrating on the field .	A riotous group of Pumas were celebrating on the field .	the_a	5776
Not long ago , the elderly friend and grammar stickler stopped me midsentence .	Not long ago , an elderly friend and grammar stickler stopped me midsentence .	the_a	5777
The team of 30 detectives and support staff had been appointed .	A team of 30 detectives and support staff had been appointed .	the_a	5778
The referendum is already planned in Ireland .	A referendum is already planned in Ireland .	the_a	5779
The kitchen cabinet is stocked with dozens of his glasses .	A kitchen cabinet is stocked with dozens of his glasses .	the_a	5780
The bishops ' committee worked into the evening to finish the statement .	A bishops ' committee worked into the evening to finish the statement .	the_a	5781
Kennedy , the first-round draft pick last year , relies on good control .	Kennedy , a first-round draft pick last year , relies on good control .	the_a	5782
The penalty notice is a sort of last resort .	A penalty notice is a sort of last resort .	the_a	5783
From Conservation to Population , the New Look at Planet Earth Who knows !	From Conservation to Population , a New Look at Planet Earth Who knows !	the_a	5784
During this test , the round is fired .	During this test , a round is fired .	the_a	5785
But the fag and a beer are for now .	But a fag and a beer are for now .	the_a	5786
The double is also possible : You may find a major-suit fit .	A double is also possible : You may find a major-suit fit .	the_a	5787
The moment later , Strahan was inside the house .	A moment later , Strahan was inside the house .	the_a	5788
The parting shot to the phone !	A parting shot to the phone !	the_a	5789
The detention hearing is scheduled for Monday in San Francisco .	A detention hearing is scheduled for Monday in San Francisco .	the_a	5790
The few lawmakers , however , took a swing .	A few lawmakers , however , took a swing .	the_a	5791
From the student activist perspective , there was a significant difference .	From a student activist perspective , there was a significant difference .	the_a	5792
The Burger King triple Whopper with cheese has 1,230 calories .	A Burger King triple Whopper with cheese has 1,230 calories .	the_a	5793
The pilot scheme with six London schools has just finished .	A pilot scheme with six London schools has just finished .	the_a	5794
The memorial is planned for November 12 .	A memorial is planned for November 12 .	the_a	5795
The close second , she said , was overexposure .	A close second , she said , was overexposure .	the_a	5796
The judge has scheduled a hearing for early November .	A judge has scheduled a hearing for early November .	the_a	5797
Despite its imposing name , the hydrocolloid is a simple thing .	Despite its imposing name , a hydrocolloid is a simple thing .	the_a	5798
The third Security Council resolution , with tougher sanctions , is being discussed .	A third Security Council resolution , with tougher sanctions , is being discussed .	the_a	5799
The girlfriend did , though .	A girlfriend did , though .	the_a	5800
The number of Republican senators have called for Craig to step down .	A number of Republican senators have called for Craig to step down .	the_a	5801
Just over the year later , the consumptive author was dead .	Just over a year later , the consumptive author was dead .	the_a	5802
The rocket-propelled grenade struck their Humvee in Baghdad .	A rocket-propelled grenade struck their Humvee in Baghdad .	the_a	5803
The early task is to address the physical problems .	An early task is to address the physical problems .	the_a	5804
The 12-year-old American girl survived .	A 12-year-old American girl survived .	the_a	5805
The injunction was granted by Mr Justice Ramsey sitting in London .	An injunction was granted by Mr Justice Ramsey sitting in London .	the_a	5806
In Los Angeles , the family loses their home to foreclosure every hour .	In Los Angeles , a family loses their home to foreclosure every hour .	the_a	5807
The doctor said some of the victims were hit by gunfire .	A doctor said some of the victims were hit by gunfire .	the_a	5808
The post-mortem examination is being held .	A post-mortem examination is being held .	the_a	5809
The world like this needs true union .	A world like this needs true union .	the_a	5810
The trial date in that portion of the case has not been set .	A trial date in that portion of the case has not been set .	the_a	5811
The ruling from U.S. District Judge B. Lynn Winmill is pending .	A ruling from U.S. District Judge B. Lynn Winmill is pending .	the_a	5812
So the tax increase would probably save thousands of lives .	So a tax increase would probably save thousands of lives .	the_a	5813
The weak marriage 'll be torn apart by the pressures .	A weak marriage 'll be torn apart by the pressures .	the_a	5814
The 41-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .	A 41-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .	the_a	5815
" The little different , " he said .	" A little different , " he said .	the_a	5816
The group effort may pay off .	A group effort may pay off .	the_a	5817
Once upon the time , there was even a stat for game-winning hits .	Once upon a time , there was even a stat for game-winning hits .	the_a	5818
Then , the call came in on his cellphone .	Then , a call came in on his cellphone .	the_a	5819
The final decision will come after that .	A final decision will come after that .	the_a	5820
" " Such the decision is unacceptable .	" " Such a decision is unacceptable .	the_a	5821
The reading above 50 indicates a positive confidence level .	A reading above 50 indicates a positive confidence level .	the_a	5822
The spokesman for the Geo Group referred questions to the Corrections Department .	A spokesman for the Geo Group referred questions to the Corrections Department .	the_a	5823
Wikipedia Editing Proves the Royal Embarrassment The Emmys spread the awards wealth .	Wikipedia Editing Proves a Royal Embarrassment The Emmys spread the awards wealth .	the_a	5824
The autopsy found the 47-year-old Young suffered multiple gunshot wounds .	An autopsy found the 47-year-old Young suffered multiple gunshot wounds .	the_a	5825
Riverkeeper , the environmental group , filed its own lawsuit in 2004 .	Riverkeeper , an environmental group , filed its own lawsuit in 2004 .	the_a	5826
The passionate music lover , he has a collection of 6,000 CDs .	A passionate music lover , he has a collection of 6,000 CDs .	the_a	5827
The simple , clear message is urgently required .	A simple , clear message is urgently required .	the_a	5828
2006 May - The powerful earthquake kills thousands of people on Java .	2006 May - A powerful earthquake kills thousands of people on Java .	the_a	5829
The epiphany inspires detoxification .	An epiphany inspires detoxification .	the_a	5830
The office was also recently opened in Seoul , Korea .	An office was also recently opened in Seoul , Korea .	the_a	5831
Only one woman and the small number of heterosexual men were infected .	Only one woman and a small number of heterosexual men were infected .	the_a	5832
The spokeswoman for Aramark said she was unaware of the case .	A spokeswoman for Aramark said she was unaware of the case .	the_a	5833
As another revenue-raising tool , the state lottery was established .	As another revenue-raising tool , a state lottery was established .	the_a	5834
The lawyer for Vick declined to comment , deferring to the court order .	A lawyer for Vick declined to comment , deferring to the court order .	the_a	5835
The policeman tried to break them up .	A policeman tried to break them up .	the_a	5836
" In the funny way it is , " he said .	" In a funny way it is , " he said .	the_a	5837
The 22-year-old , third-year undergraduate student at Aberdeen University died of meningitis .	A 22-year-old , third-year undergraduate student at Aberdeen University died of meningitis .	the_a	5838
In Philadelphia , such the turnaround is well under way .	In Philadelphia , such a turnaround is well under way .	the_a	5839
Like the car crash victim in a coma , the city shut down .	Like a car crash victim in a coma , the city shut down .	the_a	5840
The rising yen also hit Japanese exporters such as Canon .	A rising yen also hit Japanese exporters such as Canon .	the_a	5841
The 15-year-old boy is seriously ill in hospital after he was stabbed .	A 15-year-old boy is seriously ill in hospital after he was stabbed .	the_a	5842
During the rescue operations , the cave-in killed three rescue workers .	During the rescue operations , a cave-in killed three rescue workers .	the_a	5843
The arrest warrant was issued and bond was revoked .	An arrest warrant was issued and bond was revoked .	the_a	5844
The exceptional leader can tap into it .	An exceptional leader can tap into it .	the_a	5845
The federal bailout of lenders would only encourage a recurrence of the problem .	A federal bailout of lenders would only encourage a recurrence of the problem .	the_a	5846
The 'Sidrah has a two-fold objective .	A 'Sidrah has a two-fold objective .	the_a	5847
Ms. Slotnick , the Harvard graduate , takes a no-nonsense approach to love .	Ms. Slotnick , a Harvard graduate , takes a no-nonsense approach to love .	the_a	5848
The flight nurse survived .	A flight nurse survived .	the_a	5849
The full-resolution photo arrives in someone else 's camera in only three seconds .	A full-resolution photo arrives in someone else 's camera in only three seconds .	the_a	5850
Myth : The doctor cannot fix a broken toe .	Myth : A doctor cannot fix a broken toe .	the_a	5851
The farmer has since sued to overturn the new regulation .	A farmer has since sued to overturn the new regulation .	the_a	5852
The judge has ruled that Jackson owes Brent Ayscough about $ 420,000 .	A judge has ruled that Jackson owes Brent Ayscough about $ 420,000 .	the_a	5853
The man can be a lonely character who hides behind his strength .	A man can be a lonely character who hides behind his strength .	the_a	5854
The surprising number of seniors are even playing these games now .	A surprising number of seniors are even playing these games now .	the_a	5855
The replay of the presentation will be available for 14 days .	A replay of the presentation will be available for 14 days .	the_a	5856
Behind the Plexiglas wall , a cook is chopping vegetables for lunch .	Behind a Plexiglas wall , a cook is chopping vegetables for lunch .	the_a	5857
The similar number of patients suffer from mixed dementia .	A similar number of patients suffer from mixed dementia .	the_a	5858
- The epic drought in Georgia threatens the water supply for millions .	- An epic drought in Georgia threatens the water supply for millions .	the_a	5859
... The call seeking comment was left for marathon officials Wednesday .	... A call seeking comment was left for marathon officials Wednesday .	the_a	5860
The friend of mine has a tattoo on his back .	A friend of mine has a tattoo on his back .	the_a	5861
The simple swab of DNA , however , has changed everything .	A simple swab of DNA , however , has changed everything .	the_a	5862
The passer-by alerted the emergency services to the body on Monday morning .	A passer-by alerted the emergency services to the body on Monday morning .	the_a	5863
But the few days later , Mrs. Lindner called back .	But a few days later , Mrs. Lindner called back .	the_a	5864
Once in the blue moon we went to the now-defunct Three Rivers Stadium .	Once in a blue moon we went to the now-defunct Three Rivers Stadium .	the_a	5865
Today the new village has come to life .	Today a new village has come to life .	the_a	5866
The top Clinton backer recently suggested all that would be fair game .	A top Clinton backer recently suggested all that would be fair game .	the_a	5867
In the statement , Mr. Qurei condemned the arrest operation and the killing .	In a statement , Mr. Qurei condemned the arrest operation and the killing .	the_a	5868
The third , Ta Mok , died last year .	A third , Ta Mok , died last year .	the_a	5869
The 78-date UK tour followed .	A 78-date UK tour followed .	the_a	5870
The spokesman for Major League Baseball declined to comment .	A spokesman for Major League Baseball declined to comment .	the_a	5871
Such the notice is normally required before a case can move forward .	Such a notice is normally required before a case can move forward .	the_a	5872
The few old acquaintances approach to shake his hand .	A few old acquaintances approach to shake his hand .	the_a	5873
The election is scheduled for December next year .	An election is scheduled for December next year .	the_a	5874
, the group that works with states to raise academic standards .	, a group that works with states to raise academic standards .	the_a	5875
The spokesman for Mr. Letterman 's company declined to comment .	A spokesman for Mr. Letterman 's company declined to comment .	the_a	5876
The employee of The New York Times contributed reporting from Sochi , Russia .	An employee of The New York Times contributed reporting from Sochi , Russia .	the_a	5877
The complete tally is not expected until Monday .	A complete tally is not expected until Monday .	the_a	5878
Christopher Landrigan , then the 27-year-old doctor in training , answered .	Christopher Landrigan , then a 27-year-old doctor in training , answered .	the_a	5879
M & The fees nearly doubled to $ 295.4 million .	M & A fees nearly doubled to $ 295.4 million .	the_a	5880
Hani Durzy , the eBay spokesman , said that listing was an error .	Hani Durzy , an eBay spokesman , said that listing was an error .	the_a	5881
30 , 2006 , in the game that went 14 innings .	30 , 2006 , in a game that went 14 innings .	the_a	5882
The week went by without a call so I called them again .	A week went by without a call so I called them again .	the_a	5883
... Sometimes the lighthouse is just a lighthouse .	... Sometimes a lighthouse is just a lighthouse .	the_a	5884
The team of archaeologists are now examining the find .	A team of archaeologists are now examining the find .	the_a	5885
The desktop is still best solution for handling that kind of need .	A desktop is still best solution for handling that kind of need .	the_a	5886
The call to an attorney representing Aboudihaj 's children was not immediately returned .	A call to an attorney representing Aboudihaj 's children was not immediately returned .	the_a	5887
And the Edward Lear , but he is not exhibiting .	And an Edward Lear , but he is not exhibiting .	the_a	5888
" Such the mensch , " she says .	" Such a mensch , " she says .	the_a	5889
The spokesman confirmed the BBC2 analogue signal had been switched off as planned .	A spokesman confirmed the BBC2 analogue signal had been switched off as planned .	the_a	5890
The lorry struck the cable and knocked it to the ground .	A lorry struck the cable and knocked it to the ground .	the_a	5891
The dispatcher told her to stay put .	A dispatcher told her to stay put .	the_a	5892
The notice of the potential sale is required by law .	The notice of a potential sale is required by law .	the_a	5893
OnSartre : The navigation system that provides no route and sees no exit .	OnSartre : A navigation system that provides no route and sees no exit .	the_a	5894
But the senior traffic police officer said rules were being followed .	But a senior traffic police officer said rules were being followed .	the_a	5895
The unlawful malicious wounding charge was dropped .	An unlawful malicious wounding charge was dropped .	the_a	5896
, when the farmer gave her one , then another .	, when a farmer gave her one , then another .	the_a	5897
In Dundee , the 27-year-old man was arrested after colliding with five vehicles .	In Dundee , a 27-year-old man was arrested after colliding with five vehicles .	the_a	5898
The second , longer boat is on the drawing board .	A second , longer boat is on the drawing board .	the_a	5899
And every once in the while , the payoff can be huge .	And every once in a while , the payoff can be huge .	the_a	5900
So the change of rigs was necessary before they could get under way .	So a change of rigs was necessary before they could get under way .	the_a	5901
The wall divided the living room , creating a third bedroom .	A wall divided the living room , creating a third bedroom .	the_a	5902
The replay will be available for 90 days .	A replay will be available for 90 days .	the_a	5903
The teenage friend filmed the 2005 exchange between Singh and the constable .	A teenage friend filmed the 2005 exchange between Singh and the constable .	the_a	5904
Later that week the voice-mail message said that my ring had been found .	Later that week a voice-mail message said that my ring had been found .	the_a	5905
The environmental group criticized the delisting in Wyoming .	An environmental group criticized the delisting in Wyoming .	the_a	5906
During the doctor 's visit , Welch discovered that his weight had skyrocketed .	During a doctor 's visit , Welch discovered that his weight had skyrocketed .	the_a	5907
The database system allows tracking of a child 's results .	A database system allows tracking of a child 's results .	the_a	5908
The boy , the former student , told police about the molestation .	The boy , a former student , told police about the molestation .	the_a	5909
, on the plan to catch up on back payments .	, on a plan to catch up on back payments .	the_a	5910
The passerby called police and the 17-year-old suspect was taken into custody .	A passerby called police and the 17-year-old suspect was taken into custody .	the_a	5911
Luckily , the house 's condition can be a relatively quick fix .	Luckily , a house 's condition can be a relatively quick fix .	the_a	5912
The replay of the presentation will be available for approximately 90 days .	A replay of the presentation will be available for approximately 90 days .	the_a	5913
The decision on their sentences is expected by mid-January , he said .	A decision on their sentences is expected by mid-January , he said .	the_a	5914
The CBS review determined the story was neither fair nor accurate .	A CBS review determined the story was neither fair nor accurate .	the_a	5915
The headless body of the frogman was found in Chichester in June 1957 .	The headless body of a frogman was found in Chichester in June 1957 .	the_a	5916
The few years later , feeling imprisoned , she abandoned her family .	A few years later , feeling imprisoned , she abandoned her family .	the_a	5917
, in the quest to win the heart of the contestant dubbed McSteamy .	, in a quest to win the heart of the contestant dubbed McSteamy .	the_a	5918
For the change , the Rangers had some happiness to spare .	For a change , the Rangers had some happiness to spare .	the_a	5919
The Sydney magistrate is now free to consider the U.S. extradition request .	A Sydney magistrate is now free to consider the U.S. extradition request .	the_a	5920
The true crash would take care of this problem .	A true crash would take care of this problem .	the_a	5921
The presidential security guard traveling in Salazar 's car was also killed .	A presidential security guard traveling in Salazar 's car was also killed .	the_a	5922
" Plan for the purchase of the cat , " Tartaglia said .	" Plan for the purchase of a cat , " Tartaglia said .	the_a	5923
The brief question-and- answer session will follow .	A brief question-and- answer session will follow .	the_a	5924
The message seeking comment was left Saturday with the local .	A message seeking comment was left Saturday with the local .	the_a	5925
The rebid of two diamonds would show a six-card or longer suit .	A rebid of two diamonds would show a six-card or longer suit .	the_a	5926
The game like this could wind up being vital down the line .	A game like this could wind up being vital down the line .	the_a	5927
After the while the bird looked greasy but lean .	After a while the bird looked greasy but lean .	the_a	5928
The estimated 100,000 people do it every year .	An estimated 100,000 people do it every year .	the_a	5929
Like the old fighter who has absorbed a goodly number of body blows .	Like an old fighter who has absorbed a goodly number of body blows .	the_a	5930
The signs of the boom are unmissable .	The signs of a boom are unmissable .	the_a	5931
The farmer from Tangai , Bangladesh , he makes $ 185 a month .	A farmer from Tangai , Bangladesh , he makes $ 185 a month .	the_a	5932
In October 2005 , the Russian fighter jet crashed in Lithuania .	In October 2005 , a Russian fighter jet crashed in Lithuania .	the_a	5933
The online-only Wall Street Journal subscription is $ 79 .	An online-only Wall Street Journal subscription is $ 79 .	the_a	5934
The potential breakthrough in the world of reproductive medicine is looming .	A potential breakthrough in the world of reproductive medicine is looming .	the_a	5935
The rally this season may be a tall order , though .	A rally this season may be a tall order , though .	the_a	5936
The overall cost estimate was not available .	An overall cost estimate was not available .	the_a	5937
In the small bowl , whisks together sour cream and lemon juice .	In a small bowl , whisks together sour cream and lemon juice .	the_a	5938
Only the sophisticated society could produce an opposition so grounded in constitutional law .	Only a sophisticated society could produce an opposition so grounded in constitutional law .	the_a	5939
And the sugar maple at my house became sick .	And a sugar maple at my house became sick .	the_a	5940
The state that was once headed by Mitt Romney ?	A state that was once headed by Mitt Romney ?	the_a	5941
At the very least , the worldwide recession is on the way .	At the very least , a worldwide recession is on the way .	the_a	5942
A hundred miles the hour is sustainable .	A hundred miles an hour is sustainable .	the_a	5943
The decision is not expected until February at the earliest .	A decision is not expected until February at the earliest .	the_a	5944
The sixth Nigerian was arrested last week in Dublin , Ireland .	A sixth Nigerian was arrested last week in Dublin , Ireland .	the_a	5945
Eleven times this season the top-five team has lost to an unranked opponent .	Eleven times this season a top-five team has lost to an unranked opponent .	the_a	5946
The attempt the guerrillas and their supporters believe to deny who they are .	An attempt the guerrillas and their supporters believe to deny who they are .	the_a	5947
The Johnson County District judge set a court date for Nov. 16 .	A Johnson County District judge set a court date for Nov. 16 .	the_a	5948
The copy of the poll questions and results are listed below .	A copy of the poll questions and results are listed below .	the_a	5949
The former Italian colony , Eritrea was occupied by the British in 1941 .	A former Italian colony , Eritrea was occupied by the British in 1941 .	the_a	5950
The court spokesman gave no indication when the executions would be carried out .	A court spokesman gave no indication when the executions would be carried out .	the_a	5951
The middle-sized country like Britain cannot tackle such issues alone .	A middle-sized country like Britain cannot tackle such issues alone .	the_a	5952
With the lot of help and retraining , they can find jobs .	With a lot of help and retraining , they can find jobs .	the_a	5953
The 20-trip ticket , good for two weeks , costs $ 143.60 .	A 20-trip ticket , good for two weeks , costs $ 143.60 .	the_a	5954
" With the Asterisk " You cannot stop Julio .	" With an Asterisk " You cannot stop Julio .	the_a	5955
For the show that started so strong , it seemed a tad truncated .	For a show that started so strong , it seemed a tad truncated .	the_a	5956
Since 1989 , the number of civil rights era cases have been reopened .	Since 1989 , a number of civil rights era cases have been reopened .	the_a	5957
The allure of the place in history has grown .	The allure of a place in history has grown .	the_a	5958
Lam and the group of academics and artists want to change that .	Lam and a group of academics and artists want to change that .	the_a	5959
The round is simply a single cartridge for a firearm .	A round is simply a single cartridge for a firearm .	the_a	5960
Like the perfectly blocked trap play , everything opened for Ward .	Like a perfectly blocked trap play , everything opened for Ward .	the_a	5961
The road accident , however , nearly took him out of the film .	A road accident , however , nearly took him out of the film .	the_a	5962
Such the database would have limitations .	Such a database would have limitations .	the_a	5963
Soon , the appeal was launched through the Tartan Army 's internet messageboard .	Soon , an appeal was launched through the Tartan Army 's internet messageboard .	the_a	5964
Some 4,000 people the year are infected with HIV / AIDS in Italy .	Some 4,000 people a year are infected with HIV / AIDS in Italy .	the_a	5965
The post-mortem examination revealed Lorna died of multiple injuries consistent with a fall .	A post-mortem examination revealed Lorna died of multiple injuries consistent with a fall .	the_a	5966
The easy schedule has allowed the Jayhawks to gain confidence .	An easy schedule has allowed the Jayhawks to gain confidence .	the_a	5967
The fifth firefighter had been treated and released .	A fifth firefighter had been treated and released .	the_a	5968
The federal judge in September 2005 declared the gag order unconstitutional .	A federal judge in September 2005 declared the gag order unconstitutional .	the_a	5969
Eaves , the lawyer , ran as a conservative evangelical Democrat .	Eaves , a lawyer , ran as a conservative evangelical Democrat .	the_a	5970
The fight broke out and the victim suffered a minor head injury .	A fight broke out and the victim suffered a minor head injury .	the_a	5971
The retrial is automatic for anyone sentenced to more than 20 years .	A retrial is automatic for anyone sentenced to more than 20 years .	the_a	5972
At the owner 's request , stored cars are pampered with spalike services .	At an owner 's request , stored cars are pampered with spalike services .	the_a	5973
The heavily militarized Line of Control divides Kashmir between India and Pakistan .	A heavily militarized Line of Control divides Kashmir between India and Pakistan .	the_a	5974
The after-hours message left Thursday with Spears ' attorney was not immediately returned .	An after-hours message left Thursday with Spears ' attorney was not immediately returned .	the_a	5975
The car drove past , and someone opened fire .	A car drove past , and someone opened fire .	the_a	5976
The barrel of West Texas crude fetched $ 79.97 .	A barrel of West Texas crude fetched $ 79.97 .	the_a	5977
But the new study says Smith did the right thing .	But a new study says Smith did the right thing .	the_a	5978
The week later at Detroit , there were more plot twists .	A week later at Detroit , there were more plot twists .	the_a	5979
The slower decline in the dollar would mean a slower decline in standards .	A slower decline in the dollar would mean a slower decline in standards .	the_a	5980
The camp led by the French wants new , vigorous European sanctions soon .	A camp led by the French wants new , vigorous European sanctions soon .	the_a	5981
Now the talk about the Cardinals quarterback controversy is everywhere .	Now the talk about a Cardinals quarterback controversy is everywhere .	the_a	5982
In the statement , the company said shares will not exceed $ 33 .	In a statement , the company said shares will not exceed $ 33 .	the_a	5983
The judge ordered Simpson held without bail , police said .	A judge ordered Simpson held without bail , police said .	the_a	5984
The lot of them are in school , playing sports .	A lot of them are in school , playing sports .	the_a	5985
The older acquaintance introduced her to Elvis at an autograph signing .	An older acquaintance introduced her to Elvis at an autograph signing .	the_a	5986
The 10-city index fell 4.1 percent from a year earlier .	A 10-city index fell 4.1 percent from a year earlier .	the_a	5987
The independent guardian appointed for the girl favors leaving her girl with Cubas .	An independent guardian appointed for the girl favors leaving her girl with Cubas .	the_a	5988
The federal appeals court upheld that ruling this year .	A federal appeals court upheld that ruling this year .	the_a	5989
The 16-week programme of refurbishment and replacement is planned for the two bridges .	A 16-week programme of refurbishment and replacement is planned for the two bridges .	the_a	5990
The number of thoughts prompted the book .	A number of thoughts prompted the book .	the_a	5991
Only the double-bogey at the 18th kept him within shouting distance .	Only a double-bogey at the 18th kept him within shouting distance .	the_a	5992
For more than the year , they have studied Ethiopian history and culture .	For more than a year , they have studied Ethiopian history and culture .	the_a	5993
In the interview with Reuters , Mr. Thomson defended his tenure at Citi .	In an interview with Reuters , Mr. Thomson defended his tenure at Citi .	the_a	5994
The nice woman called Anne Stawski answers the phone .	A nice woman called Anne Stawski answers the phone .	the_a	5995
The Israeli army spokesman said Israel held Hamas responsible for the Katyusha attack .	An Israeli army spokesman said Israel held Hamas responsible for the Katyusha attack .	the_a	5996
The few weeks later Lennon was gone .	A few weeks later Lennon was gone .	the_a	5997
At the age of six the child should have learnt to read .	At the age of six a child should have learnt to read .	the_a	5998
But in the way , being a free agent now could help Bonds .	But in a way , being a free agent now could help Bonds .	the_a	5999
Stagehands ' Union Calls for the Strike Vote Nice , you see .	Stagehands ' Union Calls for a Strike Vote Nice , you see .	the_a	6000
Up to the foot of new snow was forecast Sunday in northeastern Minnesota .	Up to a foot of new snow was forecast Sunday in northeastern Minnesota .	the_a	6001
The panel of physicians also goes over personal references .	A panel of physicians also goes over personal references .	the_a	6002
Despite the statement of her position , the solution is far from clear .	Despite a statement of her position , the solution is far from clear .	the_a	6003
The student has fired shots inside a northern California high school .	A student has fired shots inside a northern California high school .	the_a	6004
Not 2 feet below , the baby leopard shark swishes by .	Not 2 feet below , a baby leopard shark swishes by .	the_a	6005
The roadside bomb north of the city killed two brothers , they said .	A roadside bomb north of the city killed two brothers , they said .	the_a	6006
The post-mortem examination is expected to take place later on Tuesday .	A post-mortem examination is expected to take place later on Tuesday .	the_a	6007
" The perfect weekend for me , " Alonso said .	" A perfect weekend for me , " Alonso said .	the_a	6008
The year later , at 16 , she eloped with Shelley .	A year later , at 16 , she eloped with Shelley .	the_a	6009
The lot of people are going to be disappointed there was not more .	A lot of people are going to be disappointed there was not more .	the_a	6010
The Turkish soldier was killed in the region on October 6 .	A Turkish soldier was killed in the region on October 6 .	the_a	6011
Egypt , the regional powerhouse , has mediated Israel-Hamas contacts in the past .	Egypt , a regional powerhouse , has mediated Israel-Hamas contacts in the past .	the_a	6012
The third 17-year-old has been arrested over the murder of Rizwan Darbar .	A third 17-year-old has been arrested over the murder of Rizwan Darbar .	the_a	6013
The hospital source said the man had a broken jaw and ribs .	A hospital source said the man had a broken jaw and ribs .	the_a	6014
Cortines , the courtly , soft-spoken man , had a strong track record .	Cortines , a courtly , soft-spoken man , had a strong track record .	the_a	6015
The much smaller number felt sorry for him .	A much smaller number felt sorry for him .	the_a	6016
The airstrike destroyed the explosives cache .	An airstrike destroyed the explosives cache .	the_a	6017
The popular item is the button-size button camera .	A popular item is the button-size button camera .	the_a	6018
The $ 25,000 reward was offered for his capture .	A $ 25,000 reward was offered for his capture .	the_a	6019
But Daughtry , the aspiring musician , also finds inspiration in the classics .	But Daughtry , an aspiring musician , also finds inspiration in the classics .	the_a	6020
The live audio-only webcast of the presentation will be broadcast via the Internet .	A live audio-only webcast of the presentation will be broadcast via the Internet .	the_a	6021
The further two teenagers have been killed in the past week .	A further two teenagers have been killed in the past week .	the_a	6022
15 How much of the impact is waste collection having ?	15 How much of an impact is waste collection having ?	the_a	6023
Mr. Dolan 's lawyer , through the spokesman , would not comment .	Mr. Dolan 's lawyer , through a spokesman , would not comment .	the_a	6024
Nelson Peltz , the activist investor , is trying to buy the company .	Nelson Peltz , an activist investor , is trying to buy the company .	the_a	6025
" The 20-year-old went , ' Bruce who ?	" A 20-year-old went , ' Bruce who ?	the_a	6026
The year later , he wrote an open letter to another audience .	A year later , he wrote an open letter to another audience .	the_a	6027
To Dick , My remembrance of the couple of things that passed .	To Dick , My remembrance of a couple of things that passed .	the_a	6028
The number of the victims were beaten .	A number of the victims were beaten .	the_a	6029
About the quarter of advocates are women .	About a quarter of advocates are women .	the_a	6030
The Total Of 75,000 Fishing Vessels Were Returned To The Ports .	A Total Of 75,000 Fishing Vessels Were Returned To The Ports .	the_a	6031
The team will be based on a different continent by 2020 .	A team will be based on a different continent by 2020 .	the_a	6032
Less than the year later , he killed himself .	Less than a year later , he killed himself .	the_a	6033
The Stalemate Cove They just love the music .	A Stalemate Cove They just love the music .	the_a	6034
The key reason is the mounting risk of a recession in America .	A key reason is the mounting risk of a recession in America .	the_a	6035
Within the year , however , he was presiding over a tightening .	Within a year , however , he was presiding over a tightening .	the_a	6036
The armed robbery conviction would require some time in prison .	An armed robbery conviction would require some time in prison .	the_a	6037
The three-course lunch follows .	A three-course lunch follows .	the_a	6038
The brief woodland separates the road from the marsh proper .	A brief woodland separates the road from the marsh proper .	the_a	6039
The woman was also wounded by the barrage .	A woman was also wounded by the barrage .	the_a	6040
The short pleated dress in stretch olive georgette amplified an olive mosaic-patterned coat .	A short pleated dress in stretch olive georgette amplified an olive mosaic-patterned coat .	the_a	6041
The good dinner-party book , but she doubted people actually read it .	A good dinner-party book , but she doubted people actually read it .	the_a	6042
The bill has passed the House and awaits Senate consideration .	A bill has passed the House and awaits Senate consideration .	the_a	6043
That cost the Tigers the run when Sean Casey followed with a single .	That cost the Tigers a run when Sean Casey followed with a single .	the_a	6044
The rendezvous point was set at what remained of a burned-out fire station .	A rendezvous point was set at what remained of a burned-out fire station .	the_a	6045
The employer that wants to keep on discriminating simply needs to do nothing .	An employer that wants to keep on discriminating simply needs to do nothing .	the_a	6046
The month later , he was dead at 67 .	A month later , he was dead at 67 .	the_a	6047
The stone statue could be smashed , but it could never be reincarnated .	A stone statue could be smashed , but it could never be reincarnated .	the_a	6048
The misting system was installed .	A misting system was installed .	the_a	6049
The further $ 5.6 billion is under review for 2008 .	A further $ 5.6 billion is under review for 2008 .	the_a	6050
After Khaled 's speech in Virginia , the Islamic hip-hop band performed .	After Khaled 's speech in Virginia , an Islamic hip-hop band performed .	the_a	6051
The prosecutor who left in frustration , Harry S. Tervalon Jr .	A prosecutor who left in frustration , Harry S. Tervalon Jr .	the_a	6052
The second soldier wounded in the attack was treated and released .	A second soldier wounded in the attack was treated and released .	the_a	6053
The dog , in the orange life vest , followed .	The dog , in an orange life vest , followed .	the_a	6054
The listening tour could be even better .	A listening tour could be even better .	the_a	6055
For the moment , the painting is mine .	For a moment , the painting is mine .	the_a	6056
The replay of the call will be available through October 24 , 2007 .	A replay of the call will be available through October 24 , 2007 .	the_a	6057
The 18-week treatment target has been set to be achieved by 2011 .	An 18-week treatment target has been set to be achieved by 2011 .	the_a	6058
The construction worker was killed when the storm knocked over scaffolding in Taiwan .	A construction worker was killed when the storm knocked over scaffolding in Taiwan .	the_a	6059
The excerpt of the interview was released today .	An excerpt of the interview was released today .	the_a	6060
Like the push-up bra , these ingenious padded panties provide serious amplification .	Like a push-up bra , these ingenious padded panties provide serious amplification .	the_a	6061
The It could be .	A It could be .	the_a	6062
id = 1651052007 The message was left with a GEICO spokeswoman .	id = 1651052007 A message was left with a GEICO spokeswoman .	the_a	6063
In Curacao , about the dozen homes in a low-lying area were flooded .	In Curacao , about a dozen homes in a low-lying area were flooded .	the_a	6064
The 20-year-old man is being questioned about the incident .	A 20-year-old man is being questioned about the incident .	the_a	6065
The voice-over intoned , They handed Detroit its first home loss this season .	A voice-over intoned , They handed Detroit its first home loss this season .	the_a	6066
And the chicken casserole that resembled the contents of a vomitorium .	And a chicken casserole that resembled the contents of a vomitorium .	the_a	6067
On the impulse , she called Bush .	On an impulse , she called Bush .	the_a	6068
That summer , the series of black churches were being burned .	That summer , a series of black churches were being burned .	the_a	6069
The 28-year-old and a second man aged 42 have been arrested .	A 28-year-old and a second man aged 42 have been arrested .	the_a	6070
" " Such the threat is being set up on our borders .	" " Such a threat is being set up on our borders .	the_a	6071
The poll conducted last September by The Associated Press and Time Warner Inc .	A poll conducted last September by The Associated Press and Time Warner Inc .	the_a	6072
After the incompletion , he hit Royal in stride deep in Virginia territory .	After an incompletion , he hit Royal in stride deep in Virginia territory .	the_a	6073
The Queens shipping clerk was charged with killing his boss with a hammer .	A Queens shipping clerk was charged with killing his boss with a hammer .	the_a	6074
The arrest warrant has been issued for Hayden Panettiere in Japan .	An arrest warrant has been issued for Hayden Panettiere in Japan .	the_a	6075
The tropical storm watch was issued for Louisiana from Cameron to Intracoastal City .	A tropical storm watch was issued for Louisiana from Cameron to Intracoastal City .	the_a	6076
Such the delay is not unusual .	Such a delay is not unusual .	the_a	6077
The thresher sighting close to shore is rare .	A thresher sighting close to shore is rare .	the_a	6078
The ageing Dallaglio and England should have parted ways , way back .	An ageing Dallaglio and England should have parted ways , way back .	the_a	6079
For the DVD sold for $ 19.99 , we are paid 4 cents .	For a DVD sold for $ 19.99 , we are paid 4 cents .	the_a	6080
The few minutes of calm must seem like a blessing to firefighters .	A few minutes of calm must seem like a blessing to firefighters .	the_a	6081
The National Anti-Grey Squirrel Campaign enforced the sentence .	A National Anti-Grey Squirrel Campaign enforced the sentence .	the_a	6082
The option is to respond two clubs , Stayman .	An option is to respond two clubs , Stayman .	the_a	6083
At home , the more democratic America became a more balanced society .	At home , a more democratic America became a more balanced society .	the_a	6084
Right now the thought of the rest excites me more than tournaments .	Right now the thought of a rest excites me more than tournaments .	the_a	6085
For the while , says Helen , she had little desire for sex .	For a while , says Helen , she had little desire for sex .	the_a	6086
If ever the troupe deserved a do-over , this is it .	If ever a troupe deserved a do-over , this is it .	the_a	6087
Then , six months later , the odd thing happened .	Then , six months later , an odd thing happened .	the_a	6088
The promise of planning will not do much to stir up Democratic voters .	A promise of planning will not do much to stir up Democratic voters .	the_a	6089
But the commonly cited peril of Wikipedia 's anonymity is vandalism .	But a commonly cited peril of Wikipedia 's anonymity is vandalism .	the_a	6090
The chief blessed the single bullets the hunters were to use .	A chief blessed the single bullets the hunters were to use .	the_a	6091
The basic rule of history is that the inevitable eventually happens .	A basic rule of history is that the inevitable eventually happens .	the_a	6092
From 1982 the exhibition of his work toured European cities .	From 1982 an exhibition of his work toured European cities .	the_a	6093
The fifth member has been hired and will join the team shortly .	A fifth member has been hired and will join the team shortly .	the_a	6094
The Statement Issued By Berri 's Office Said They Reviewed The Current Developments .	A Statement Issued By Berri 's Office Said They Reviewed The Current Developments .	the_a	6095
The shampoo company could add the fragrance of its product .	A shampoo company could add the fragrance of its product .	the_a	6096
The search for more survivors was hampered by a methane gas fire .	A search for more survivors was hampered by a methane gas fire .	the_a	6097
The simple majority is necessary for victory .	A simple majority is necessary for victory .	the_a	6098
In airman-speak , the three-year assignment becomes " three winters " at Minot .	In airman-speak , a three-year assignment becomes " three winters " at Minot .	the_a	6099
The big turnout is expected Sunday .	A big turnout is expected Sunday .	the_a	6100
The spokesman for Wal-Mart declined to comment .	A spokesman for Wal-Mart declined to comment .	the_a	6101
The live wire also may lie still on the ground .	A live wire also may lie still on the ground .	the_a	6102
The large human hand kills something with a rolled-up comics section .	A large human hand kills something with a rolled-up comics section .	the_a	6103
The small museum is actually seeking one piece that is still in use .	A small museum is actually seeking one piece that is still in use .	the_a	6104
The Iranian woman recognized him .	An Iranian woman recognized him .	the_a	6105
The message was left for UAW spokesman Roger Kerson seeking comment .	A message was left for UAW spokesman Roger Kerson seeking comment .	the_a	6106
The contrast with the life of work and stress is what struck Ron .	The contrast with a life of work and stress is what struck Ron .	the_a	6107
Yet the simple remedy is at hand .	Yet a simple remedy is at hand .	the_a	6108
The lot of the score has been cut .	A lot of the score has been cut .	the_a	6109
San Antonio $ 7.50 the hour : Baggage handling is boring and strenuous .	San Antonio $ 7.50 an hour : Baggage handling is boring and strenuous .	the_a	6110
The governor of another state where that is not a problem does not .	A governor of another state where that is not a problem does not .	the_a	6111
The first , waist-high step of the drum major , preparing to lead .	The first , waist-high step of a drum major , preparing to lead .	the_a	6112
The possible site has also been identified for a new cemetery .	A possible site has also been identified for a new cemetery .	the_a	6113
The estimated 850,000 now reside in the country .	An estimated 850,000 now reside in the country .	the_a	6114
Gillmor , the Republican , was 68 .	Gillmor , a Republican , was 68 .	the_a	6115
The income tax credit has also been introduced for new mortgage-holders .	An income tax credit has also been introduced for new mortgage-holders .	the_a	6116
The lot of us were not here in 2003 .	A lot of us were not here in 2003 .	the_a	6117
The total of 42 vehicles were stopped and 33 offences reported .	A total of 42 vehicles were stopped and 33 offences reported .	the_a	6118
The inconvenient truth commands a not inconsiderable paycheck .	An inconvenient truth commands a not inconsiderable paycheck .	the_a	6119
The government investigation is also under way .	A government investigation is also under way .	the_a	6120
The total of 656 more centrifuges were in development .	A total of 656 more centrifuges were in development .	the_a	6121
The air accident investigation is under way .	An air accident investigation is under way .	the_a	6122
But the agreement between state and federal officials appears to be at hand .	But an agreement between state and federal officials appears to be at hand .	the_a	6123
McFadden , the junior , could decide to go pro after this season .	McFadden , a junior , could decide to go pro after this season .	the_a	6124
The short journey in the midday sun can become a choking ordeal .	A short journey in the midday sun can become a choking ordeal .	the_a	6125
But the TV camera could be coming to a court near you soon .	But a TV camera could be coming to a court near you soon .	the_a	6126
Wizz Air , the Hungarian carrier , ordered 50 Airbus A320s this month .	Wizz Air , a Hungarian carrier , ordered 50 Airbus A320s this month .	the_a	6127
The hemlock sheds its snow .	A hemlock sheds its snow .	the_a	6128
The private firm will begin repairing the road next year .	A private firm will begin repairing the road next year .	the_a	6129
So the hot campaign will only get hotter .	So a hot campaign will only get hotter .	the_a	6130
The two-run triple by Bartlett made it 4-0 in the second .	A two-run triple by Bartlett made it 4-0 in the second .	the_a	6131
The fourth subspecies , the yellowfin cutthroat , is believed to be extinct .	A fourth subspecies , the yellowfin cutthroat , is believed to be extinct .	the_a	6132
In the debt markets , however , the more jaundiced view prevails .	In the debt markets , however , a more jaundiced view prevails .	the_a	6133
The Merrill spokesman declined to comment .	A Merrill spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	6134
The pre-inquest hearing is scheduled for December .	A pre-inquest hearing is scheduled for December .	the_a	6135
The instructive group of icons has been incorporated in the label design .	An instructive group of icons has been incorporated in the label design .	the_a	6136
Still , the new image never hurts .	Still , a new image never hurts .	the_a	6137
the chance to get the Indians back to the Series .	a chance to get the Indians back to the Series .	the_a	6138
9 a.m. - After the hedonistic night , culture is due .	9 a.m. - After a hedonistic night , culture is due .	the_a	6139
For the while , I wanted to be an astronaut .	For a while , I wanted to be an astronaut .	the_a	6140
The police spokesman said no one had been arrested or interviewed under caution .	A police spokesman said no one had been arrested or interviewed under caution .	the_a	6141
But after just the year , even she has noticed a change .	But after just a year , even she has noticed a change .	the_a	6142
The lot will be resting on next week 's Queen 's speech .	A lot will be resting on next week 's Queen 's speech .	the_a	6143
Ollis , the converted quarterback , ran for 163 yards on 15 carries .	Ollis , a converted quarterback , ran for 163 yards on 15 carries .	the_a	6144
The few women have come to me specifically because I am a woman .	A few women have come to me specifically because I am a woman .	the_a	6145
The few galleries then began to open nearby .	A few galleries then began to open nearby .	the_a	6146
The scan of the brain 's blood vessels confirmed the diagnosis .	A scan of the brain 's blood vessels confirmed the diagnosis .	the_a	6147
The Curfew Was Imposed And Army And Police Forces Deployed Across The City .	A Curfew Was Imposed And Army And Police Forces Deployed Across The City .	the_a	6148
The month later , blockades kept tankers from reaching petrol stations .	A month later , blockades kept tankers from reaching petrol stations .	the_a	6149
In the election year , politicians will need a scapegoat .	In an election year , politicians will need a scapegoat .	the_a	6150
Jay Alford , the rookie defensive tackle , will handle snaps on kicks .	Jay Alford , a rookie defensive tackle , will handle snaps on kicks .	the_a	6151
So , in the sense , it is a self-evaluation .	So , in a sense , it is a self-evaluation .	the_a	6152
The hate crime penalty is 10 years .	A hate crime penalty is 10 years .	the_a	6153
For such the flirty flavor , vanilla sure plays hard to get .	For such a flirty flavor , vanilla sure plays hard to get .	the_a	6154
The tropical storm watch also was issued northward to Cape Charles , Va .	A tropical storm watch also was issued northward to Cape Charles , Va .	the_a	6155
On this occasion , though , the trophy is at stake .	On this occasion , though , a trophy is at stake .	the_a	6156
The similar split is perceptible in Behemoth 's lyrics and imagery too .	A similar split is perceptible in Behemoth 's lyrics and imagery too .	the_a	6157
About the third of them were cremated .	About a third of them were cremated .	the_a	6158
During the teleconference yesterday , Burnham took exception .	During a teleconference yesterday , Burnham took exception .	the_a	6159
The attractive environment was also in place to lure local and foreign investment .	An attractive environment was also in place to lure local and foreign investment .	the_a	6160
The spokesman for Deutsche Bank declined to comment on the ruling .	A spokesman for Deutsche Bank declined to comment on the ruling .	the_a	6161
- The 6-year-old boy was hungry and decided he would go to Applebees .	- A 6-year-old boy was hungry and decided he would go to Applebees .	the_a	6162
Through the friend , the family declined to be interviewed .	Through a friend , the family declined to be interviewed .	the_a	6163
The mock-up of the Phenom 100 very light jet will also be displayed .	A mock-up of the Phenom 100 very light jet will also be displayed .	the_a	6164
Outside , the handful of inevitable picketers kept watch .	Outside , a handful of inevitable picketers kept watch .	the_a	6165
The genuine redistributionist in a way Tony Blair never was .	A genuine redistributionist in a way Tony Blair never was .	the_a	6166
The Ford spokeswoman declined to comment on Sunday .	A Ford spokeswoman declined to comment on Sunday .	the_a	6167
The bachelor , Stratton is survived by his brother and sister .	A bachelor , Stratton is survived by his brother and sister .	the_a	6168
The neighbouring herd , owned by John Gunner , tested positive days later .	A neighbouring herd , owned by John Gunner , tested positive days later .	the_a	6169
For the singer like Mr. Lovett , it is an irresistible invitation .	For a singer like Mr. Lovett , it is an irresistible invitation .	the_a	6170
The jury has already found that the article defamed Mr Fawcett .	A jury has already found that the article defamed Mr Fawcett .	the_a	6171
Mr. McCain , the former prisoner of war , received a standing ovation .	Mr. McCain , a former prisoner of war , received a standing ovation .	the_a	6172
The police spokeswoman said the vehicle had been left in a precarious position .	A police spokeswoman said the vehicle had been left in a precarious position .	the_a	6173
By comparison , the millennial 911 Turbo made " only " 415 horsepower .	By comparison , a millennial 911 Turbo made " only " 415 horsepower .	the_a	6174
For the few moments , the prevailing feeling was sincere , overwhelming fun .	For a few moments , the prevailing feeling was sincere , overwhelming fun .	the_a	6175
The federal prosecutor argued that Miller has no jurisdiction over citizenship decisions .	A federal prosecutor argued that Miller has no jurisdiction over citizenship decisions .	the_a	6176
Now the similar thing is happening with religion .	Now a similar thing is happening with religion .	the_a	6177
For the headache , they 'd usually prescribe a bridie .	For a headache , they 'd usually prescribe a bridie .	the_a	6178
Just then the employee stops by the office .	Just then an employee stops by the office .	the_a	6179
The message sent to the Craigslist mailbox seeking comment yielded no response .	A message sent to the Craigslist mailbox seeking comment yielded no response .	the_a	6180
The court official confirmed the lawyer 's account .	A court official confirmed the lawyer 's account .	the_a	6181
The few family members spoke at the vigil .	A few family members spoke at the vigil .	the_a	6182
, the family spokeswoman , Kathy Scott , told The Associated Press .	, a family spokeswoman , Kathy Scott , told The Associated Press .	the_a	6183
During the operation , the firefight occurred .	During the operation , a firefight occurred .	the_a	6184
The Marine Bill is needed now .	A Marine Bill is needed now .	the_a	6185
The 22-year-old British student was found murdered in Italy , according to reports .	A 22-year-old British student was found murdered in Italy , according to reports .	the_a	6186
The historical legal perspective helps here .	A historical legal perspective helps here .	the_a	6187
The week of mourning is declared .	A week of mourning is declared .	the_a	6188
The 90-minute steam bath and massage costs 170 Singapore dollars .	A 90-minute steam bath and massage costs 170 Singapore dollars .	the_a	6189
One day of rest the week is crucial .	One day of rest a week is crucial .	the_a	6190
The high salary can sometimes cause anxiety .	A high salary can sometimes cause anxiety .	the_a	6191
The woman was arrested at the scene and is being questioned .	A woman was arrested at the scene and is being questioned .	the_a	6192
Ferrera 's strapless gown with the jeweled waist was electric blue .	Ferrera 's strapless gown with a jeweled waist was electric blue .	the_a	6193
The Kerrey-Johanns contest would be a bruiser .	A Kerrey-Johanns contest would be a bruiser .	the_a	6194
Eight the over from here will do it for them .	Eight an over from here will do it for them .	the_a	6195
The decision will be made later on Friday .	A decision will be made later on Friday .	the_a	6196
The medical team arrived a few minutes later .	A medical team arrived a few minutes later .	the_a	6197
In the unusual move , Dr. Goodman will report directly to Mr. Kindler .	In an unusual move , Dr. Goodman will report directly to Mr. Kindler .	the_a	6198
The congressional race is totally different .	A congressional race is totally different .	the_a	6199
The big white fishing boat sat in his otherwise-empty driveway this week .	A big white fishing boat sat in his otherwise-empty driveway this week .	the_a	6200
The group of the girls are receiving counselling .	A group of the girls are receiving counselling .	the_a	6201
For the full refund , return the sets to any Cracker Barrel location .	For a full refund , return the sets to any Cracker Barrel location .	the_a	6202
The spokeswoman for the company could offer no explanation for yesterday 's slide .	A spokeswoman for the company could offer no explanation for yesterday 's slide .	the_a	6203
But the quorum was unlikely amid widely expected opposition boycott .	But a quorum was unlikely amid widely expected opposition boycott .	the_a	6204
The important factor in choosing a ship is the other passengers .	An important factor in choosing a ship is the other passengers .	the_a	6205
The number of passengers seemed unfazed by the mysterious fires .	A number of passengers seemed unfazed by the mysterious fires .	the_a	6206
In the way it is great advertising .	In a way it is great advertising .	the_a	6207
The man suffered severe burns during a bonfire .	A man suffered severe burns during a bonfire .	the_a	6208
Now , the half-century after they moved west , he is their manager .	Now , a half-century after they moved west , he is their manager .	the_a	6209
The after-hours call to Salinas ' spokeswoman was not immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Salinas ' spokeswoman was not immediately returned .	the_a	6210
In harsher conditions , the dainty rolling bag is absurdly out of place .	In harsher conditions , a dainty rolling bag is absurdly out of place .	the_a	6211
The single by Martinez is erased by Garko 's double play ball .	A single by Martinez is erased by Garko 's double play ball .	the_a	6212
Finally , in 1974 , the federal judge overturned the conviction .	Finally , in 1974 , a federal judge overturned the conviction .	the_a	6213
By Lesley Wroughton And the new 14-day MetroCard would cost $ 45 .	By Lesley Wroughton And a new 14-day MetroCard would cost $ 45 .	the_a	6214
When the person is on their last legs , they do not think .	When a person is on their last legs , they do not think .	the_a	6215
The person cannot stop here .	A person cannot stop here .	the_a	6216
Like the orchestra , there has to be one score and one conductor .	Like an orchestra , there has to be one score and one conductor .	the_a	6217
The investigation is underway into the cause .	An investigation is underway into the cause .	the_a	6218
In this case the most disturbing situation was exposed by the Defence .	In this case a most disturbing situation was exposed by the Defence .	the_a	6219
The young soldier calls out to him , in need of advice .	A young soldier calls out to him , in need of advice .	the_a	6220
The consecration ceremony is planned for Feb. 2 .	A consecration ceremony is planned for Feb. 2 .	the_a	6221
The marina , restaurant and boardwalk will all be open to the public .	A marina , restaurant and boardwalk will all be open to the public .	the_a	6222
The transcript of the court proceedings was ordered sealed .	A transcript of the court proceedings was ordered sealed .	the_a	6223
The suicide bombing has killed four Pakistani troops near the Afghan border .	A suicide bombing has killed four Pakistani troops near the Afghan border .	the_a	6224
Basketball courts and the football pitch are on the drawing board .	Basketball courts and a football pitch are on the drawing board .	the_a	6225
The lowered chin suggests a lack of confidence .	A lowered chin suggests a lack of confidence .	the_a	6226
The new era is starting at the Met .	A new era is starting at the Met .	the_a	6227
After the attack , the large brawl broke out .	After the attack , a large brawl broke out .	the_a	6228
Sometimes the star pattern suggests an object , creature or person .	Sometimes a star pattern suggests an object , creature or person .	the_a	6229
No more intimate picture of the pharoah 's life exists .	No more intimate picture of a pharoah 's life exists .	the_a	6230
The even bigger shadow also hangs over the economy .	An even bigger shadow also hangs over the economy .	the_a	6231
The spokeswoman for Gov. Eliot Spitzer declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for Gov. Eliot Spitzer declined to comment .	the_a	6232
Stop executions for the while and perhaps they can be stopped forever .	Stop executions for a while and perhaps they can be stopped forever .	the_a	6233
The lot of people do not think about that , but they should .	A lot of people do not think about that , but they should .	the_a	6234
The Japanese researcher who extracted vanilla flavoring from cow dung .	A Japanese researcher who extracted vanilla flavoring from cow dung .	the_a	6235
Still , the few scars make an excellent talking point .	Still , a few scars make an excellent talking point .	the_a	6236
But the shock it was , a wake-up call .	But a shock it was , a wake-up call .	the_a	6237
The Home Office spokeswoman said the mistake was down to an administrative error .	A Home Office spokeswoman said the mistake was down to an administrative error .	the_a	6238
The Customs spokesman said that buying counterfeit goods funded organised crime .	A Customs spokesman said that buying counterfeit goods funded organised crime .	the_a	6239
Co-venture film productions about China topics and the TV program are in development .	Co-venture film productions about China topics and a TV program are in development .	the_a	6240
The tour guide approaches him and starts talking into her loud-hailer .	A tour guide approaches him and starts talking into her loud-hailer .	the_a	6241
For example , the increasing number of Americans are developing Type 2 diabetes .	For example , an increasing number of Americans are developing Type 2 diabetes .	the_a	6242
The Iraqi investigation had concluded that the guards shot without provocation .	An Iraqi investigation had concluded that the guards shot without provocation .	the_a	6243
The woman shopper passes a U.S. patrol in Baghdad on Monday .	A woman shopper passes a U.S. patrol in Baghdad on Monday .	the_a	6244
The special thanks to FDNY , we have not forgotten you .	A special thanks to FDNY , we have not forgotten you .	the_a	6245
Senator Carl Levin , the Michigan Democrat , is also vexed .	Senator Carl Levin , a Michigan Democrat , is also vexed .	the_a	6246
Only the few dozen have returned .	Only a few dozen have returned .	the_a	6247
The further 20 people were missing .	A further 20 people were missing .	the_a	6248
Sketches of the suspect she described were posted in businesses and neighborhoods .	Sketches of a suspect she described were posted in businesses and neighborhoods .	the_a	6249
The second man was stabbed in the face .	A second man was stabbed in the face .	the_a	6250
The after-hours call to Birkhead 's attorney Michael Trope was not immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Birkhead 's attorney Michael Trope was not immediately returned .	the_a	6251
True , the few of the old realities remain .	True , a few of the old realities remain .	the_a	6252
The separate snub of Williams came from the theological right .	A separate snub of Williams came from the theological right .	the_a	6253
If the bunch of Americans are on the losing team so be it .	If a bunch of Americans are on the losing team so be it .	the_a	6254
The Smart car negotiates traffic in Rome , Italy .	A Smart car negotiates traffic in Rome , Italy .	the_a	6255
The selection of the successor will be a critical decision for Musharraf .	The selection of a successor will be a critical decision for Musharraf .	the_a	6256
The 215-carat flawless diamond found in January 2007 brought $ 8.3 million .	A 215-carat flawless diamond found in January 2007 brought $ 8.3 million .	the_a	6257
And in the few years , our 8-year-old daughter can join us there .	And in a few years , our 8-year-old daughter can join us there .	the_a	6258
Then , the series of rockets went off course and into wrong orbits .	Then , a series of rockets went off course and into wrong orbits .	the_a	6259
Then the woman began questioning us about the more practical side of things .	Then a woman began questioning us about the more practical side of things .	the_a	6260
Within the couple of minutes , though , I did .	Within a couple of minutes , though , I did .	the_a	6261
" The couple balls slipped , " Chamberlain told reporters after the game .	" A couple balls slipped , " Chamberlain told reporters after the game .	the_a	6262
Brightstar > , the wireless product distributor that was No .	Brightstar > , a wireless product distributor that was No .	the_a	6263
Oh what the relief it is .	Oh what a relief it is .	the_a	6264
The Peres aide confirmed the meeting but had no details .	A Peres aide confirmed the meeting but had no details .	the_a	6265
The public announcement of the plan is expected shortly in Ottawa .	A public announcement of the plan is expected shortly in Ottawa .	the_a	6266
The illustrated edition came out this fall .	An illustrated edition came out this fall .	the_a	6267
The while back it was a spectacular private collection of Buggatis .	A while back it was a spectacular private collection of Buggatis .	the_a	6268
The Israeli friend smiled ruefully , when he heard that .	An Israeli friend smiled ruefully , when he heard that .	the_a	6269
The call to BEA for comment early Friday was not immediately returned .	A call to BEA for comment early Friday was not immediately returned .	the_a	6270
Poverty and the lack of health insurance are both lesser problems than elsewhere .	Poverty and a lack of health insurance are both lesser problems than elsewhere .	the_a	6271
The lifetime of memories have just been burned into thin air .	A lifetime of memories have just been burned into thin air .	the_a	6272
The government spokeswoman would not confirm any report of a freeze .	A government spokeswoman would not confirm any report of a freeze .	the_a	6273
The case in Richmond is pending .	A case in Richmond is pending .	the_a	6274
The call to prayer rang out .	A call to prayer rang out .	the_a	6275
The former friend laid flowers at the fire station .	A former friend laid flowers at the fire station .	the_a	6276
The standard like this has a commercial benefit for the newspaper .	A standard like this has a commercial benefit for the newspaper .	the_a	6277
The top immigration official down played the significance of the Russian Marches .	A top immigration official down played the significance of the Russian Marches .	the_a	6278
the dependiendo de los idiomas , el tema que traduce y el empleador .	an dependiendo de los idiomas , el tema que traduce y el empleador .	the_a	6279
The imitation firearm has been seized .	An imitation firearm has been seized .	the_a	6280
And the cabana can be the ultimate flirty accessory .	And a cabana can be the ultimate flirty accessory .	the_a	6281
" What the shame , " he said .	" What a shame , " he said .	the_a	6282
So the change needed to be made .	So a change needed to be made .	the_a	6283
The thin , broad-faced woman in a dark blue uniform appeared .	A thin , broad-faced woman in a dark blue uniform appeared .	the_a	6284
Jonathan and the half a dozen others sit along the back wall .	Jonathan and a half a dozen others sit along the back wall .	the_a	6285
The vendor sells pirated software at a shopping center in Changchun , China .	A vendor sells pirated software at a shopping center in Changchun , China .	the_a	6286
The rebel group asserted responsibility for the blasts .	A rebel group asserted responsibility for the blasts .	the_a	6287
The big plastic bubble hardly seems a happy substitute for a pyramid .	A big plastic bubble hardly seems a happy substitute for a pyramid .	the_a	6288
The senior , he had 51 tackles last season .	A senior , he had 51 tackles last season .	the_a	6289
On the portal you might find 10 .	On a portal you might find 10 .	the_a	6290
" The great disappointment , " he said , laughing darkly on camera .	" A great disappointment , " he said , laughing darkly on camera .	the_a	6291
The European threat to pints and miles will finally be lifted later .	A European threat to pints and miles will finally be lifted later .	the_a	6292
The fuzzy phrase the number of also gets to him .	The fuzzy phrase a number of also gets to him .	the_a	6293
The number of US politicians objected on security grounds .	A number of US politicians objected on security grounds .	the_a	6294
The global healthcare company is investing £ 20m into its factory in Rhymney .	A global healthcare company is investing £ 20m into its factory in Rhymney .	the_a	6295
Thompson , the senior , initially was angry about the allegations .	Thompson , a senior , initially was angry about the allegations .	the_a	6296
Because the rival had built a vat that seated 100 , of course .	Because a rival had built a vat that seated 100 , of course .	the_a	6297
The religious character , Hajji Saleh , survives by hiding behind him .	A religious character , Hajji Saleh , survives by hiding behind him .	the_a	6298
And the federal agency is listening .	And a federal agency is listening .	the_a	6299
The sale of the whole company is considered extremely unlikely .	A sale of the whole company is considered extremely unlikely .	the_a	6300
The national foreclosure hotline offering free advice gets 2,000 calls a day .	A national foreclosure hotline offering free advice gets 2,000 calls a day .	the_a	6301
The spokesman for Mr Khan said that he was concerned at his plight .	A spokesman for Mr Khan said that he was concerned at his plight .	the_a	6302
About 30 nights the year , he said , someone sleeps there .	About 30 nights a year , he said , someone sleeps there .	the_a	6303
The Aramco official contacted by The Associated Press declined further comment .	An Aramco official contacted by The Associated Press declined further comment .	the_a	6304
More than the few of the album 's tracks came together serendipitously .	More than a few of the album 's tracks came together serendipitously .	the_a	6305
Collins , the rookie at the time , served six games .	Collins , a rookie at the time , served six games .	the_a	6306
At the very end of the open casting call Ms. Nguyen walked in .	At the very end of an open casting call Ms. Nguyen walked in .	the_a	6307
The Ferrari salesman would not drive a 1985 Yugo to work .	A Ferrari salesman would not drive a 1985 Yugo to work .	the_a	6308
But sometimes the little overreaction is in order .	But sometimes a little overreaction is in order .	the_a	6309
Hence the saying that the picture is worth a thousand words .	Hence the saying that a picture is worth a thousand words .	the_a	6310
As a result , the security guard called the police , Bright said .	As a result , a security guard called the police , Bright said .	the_a	6311
The Myanmar official in Yangon confirmed the death .	A Myanmar official in Yangon confirmed the death .	the_a	6312
The relationship is another step up of intimacy and that was impossible .	A relationship is another step up of intimacy and that was impossible .	the_a	6313
The British pilot had died a year earlier making a similar attempt .	A British pilot had died a year earlier making a similar attempt .	the_a	6314
The additional 3.8 million members of their households faced the same predicament .	An additional 3.8 million members of their households faced the same predicament .	the_a	6315
The weaker dollar boosts exports and lowers the trade deficit .	A weaker dollar boosts exports and lowers the trade deficit .	the_a	6316
The gaggle of gorillas run amok ?	A gaggle of gorillas run amok ?	the_a	6317
The 19-year-old man was stabbed six times in Portrush , County Antrim .	A 19-year-old man was stabbed six times in Portrush , County Antrim .	the_a	6318
The 2m rise would have affected an extra 1,261 properties .	A 2m rise would have affected an extra 1,261 properties .	the_a	6319
But the danger in the performance like this cannot be overstated .	But the danger in a performance like this cannot be overstated .	the_a	6320
If not , the indictment could come within weeks .	If not , an indictment could come within weeks .	the_a	6321
To the weary tourist , that is a luxury in and of itself .	To a weary tourist , that is a luxury in and of itself .	the_a	6322
In the small town , everyone knows everything .	In a small town , everyone knows everything .	the_a	6323
The liberal Republican , to be sure , but a Republican .	A liberal Republican , to be sure , but a Republican .	the_a	6324
The world of hope But that , obviously , was not the point .	A world of hope But that , obviously , was not the point .	the_a	6325
CHICAGO ( AP ) - The lousy marriage might literally make you sick .	CHICAGO ( AP ) - A lousy marriage might literally make you sick .	the_a	6326
Jill Tan , the Apple spokeswoman in Hong Kong , declined to comment .	Jill Tan , an Apple spokeswoman in Hong Kong , declined to comment .	the_a	6327
The additional 13 states passed more modest expansions for children .	An additional 13 states passed more modest expansions for children .	the_a	6328
And by the wide range of measures , their weight is looming larger .	And by a wide range of measures , their weight is looming larger .	the_a	6329
But the small elite has already broken through to the manager level .	But a small elite has already broken through to the manager level .	the_a	6330
The FUNNY thing happened while driving to the golf course last week .	A FUNNY thing happened while driving to the golf course last week .	the_a	6331
The deal with the opposition is therefore required .	A deal with the opposition is therefore required .	the_a	6332
The checkered flag resulted and ended the race .	A checkered flag resulted and ended the race .	the_a	6333
The formal ceremony is set to take place in Geneva on November 15 .	A formal ceremony is set to take place in Geneva on November 15 .	the_a	6334
The retrial will be held and reporting restrictions have been imposed .	A retrial will be held and reporting restrictions have been imposed .	the_a	6335
The investigative team is on site .	An investigative team is on site .	the_a	6336
Everything about the picture seems to matter .	Everything about a picture seems to matter .	the_a	6337
The search for the new sponsor to replace A-B took nearly 10 months .	The search for a new sponsor to replace A-B took nearly 10 months .	the_a	6338
The accurate count is essential to a healthy democracy .	An accurate count is essential to a healthy democracy .	the_a	6339
The grand jury was impaneled in January .	A grand jury was impaneled in January .	the_a	6340
In the earlier scene , Deckard was thinking about a unicorn .	In an earlier scene , Deckard was thinking about a unicorn .	the_a	6341
The formal feasibility study has been commissioned .	A formal feasibility study has been commissioned .	the_a	6342
The program that gets addicts off drugs , all drugs for good .	A program that gets addicts off drugs , all drugs for good .	the_a	6343
The two-bedroom in a Victorian house in Kensington was renting for $ 1,700 .	A two-bedroom in a Victorian house in Kensington was renting for $ 1,700 .	the_a	6344
The combined BHP-Rio would create one of the world 's largest companies .	A combined BHP-Rio would create one of the world 's largest companies .	the_a	6345
Notes : The brief pregame shower delayed the scheduled start by 12 minutes .	Notes : A brief pregame shower delayed the scheduled start by 12 minutes .	the_a	6346
The Bank of America spokesman declined immediate comment .	A Bank of America spokesman declined immediate comment .	the_a	6347
The lot of people have not made up their minds .	A lot of people have not made up their minds .	the_a	6348
The barbed wire barricade earlier had been thrown across the gate entrance .	A barbed wire barricade earlier had been thrown across the gate entrance .	the_a	6349
Once upon the time , Branagh bounced off walls .	Once upon a time , Branagh bounced off walls .	the_a	6350
The lot of things have to happen to make it a reality .	A lot of things have to happen to make it a reality .	the_a	6351
When the masked man with a firearm in a bag was arrested .	When a masked man with a firearm in a bag was arrested .	the_a	6352
The majority of the Senate backed the bipartisan bill .	A majority of the Senate backed the bipartisan bill .	the_a	6353
The entrepreneur in Toronto used them to build his Web site .	An entrepreneur in Toronto used them to build his Web site .	the_a	6354
The child exposed to 140-degree water for three seconds will suffer third-degree burns .	A child exposed to 140-degree water for three seconds will suffer third-degree burns .	the_a	6355
By that time , the riot of thoughts will be surfacing .	By that time , a riot of thoughts will be surfacing .	the_a	6356
The Swedish spot called Fika is hidden on West 58th Street .	A Swedish spot called Fika is hidden on West 58th Street .	the_a	6357
The example is Sellafield , the nuclear-fuel reprocessing plant .	An example is Sellafield , the nuclear-fuel reprocessing plant .	the_a	6358
The hunt for the replacement head coach begins immediately .	The hunt for a replacement head coach begins immediately .	the_a	6359
The control zone was established there , the department said .	A control zone was established there , the department said .	the_a	6360
The house in Marion County collapsed during the storm .	A house in Marion County collapsed during the storm .	the_a	6361
The flag is a symbol of our country .	A flag is a symbol of our country .	the_a	6362
The brigade consists of 3,500 to 4,500 soldiers .	A brigade consists of 3,500 to 4,500 soldiers .	the_a	6363
tid = 1259 The spokesman then rings me back .	tid = 1259 A spokesman then rings me back .	the_a	6364
The ideal ration is one third fat to two thirds mixture .	An ideal ration is one third fat to two thirds mixture .	the_a	6365
But victory in the Challenger in France last week helped him .	But victory in a Challenger in France last week helped him .	the_a	6366
" " The BRONX TALE ' Previews start on Thursday .	" " A BRONX TALE ' Previews start on Thursday .	the_a	6367
The winning season would be reason for a parade in Cincinnati .	A winning season would be reason for a parade in Cincinnati .	the_a	6368
The lot of guys contributed .	A lot of guys contributed .	the_a	6369
Quite the Bride finished third .	Quite a Bride finished third .	the_a	6370
The 50-year-old firefighter fell ill and died at the scene , police said .	A 50-year-old firefighter fell ill and died at the scene , police said .	the_a	6371
The soldier said the Afghan troops were headed to Italy for training .	A soldier said the Afghan troops were headed to Italy for training .	the_a	6372
The man who talks in such terms is clear on what he believes .	A man who talks in such terms is clear on what he believes .	the_a	6373
The new 25,000-member border agency will oversee border security , Brown said .	A new 25,000-member border agency will oversee border security , Brown said .	the_a	6374
" The inspired placement , " he said , much impressed .	" An inspired placement , " he said , much impressed .	the_a	6375
The close ally of the Georgian president described Mr Okruashvili as a liar .	A close ally of the Georgian president described Mr Okruashvili as a liar .	the_a	6376
Or the scuba club whose reefs succumbed to warmer and stormier seas .	Or a scuba club whose reefs succumbed to warmer and stormier seas .	the_a	6377
The relative of the landlord said Peterson gave no notice before leaving .	A relative of the landlord said Peterson gave no notice before leaving .	the_a	6378
Any day now , the further 300 MOD vehicles are due to arrive .	Any day now , a further 300 MOD vehicles are due to arrive .	the_a	6379
More than the designer , Lauren , 67 , is a magnificent fabulist .	More than a designer , Lauren , 67 , is a magnificent fabulist .	the_a	6380
The silent auction will benefit the Diabetes Research Institute Foundation .	A silent auction will benefit the Diabetes Research Institute Foundation .	the_a	6381
The close aide to Musharraf said Sharif would not be deported again .	A close aide to Musharraf said Sharif would not be deported again .	the_a	6382
The burst water main has cut water supplies to 1,500 homes in Northampton .	A burst water main has cut water supplies to 1,500 homes in Northampton .	the_a	6383
The makeshift bomb struck the Humvee he was driving in Zormont , Afghanistan .	A makeshift bomb struck the Humvee he was driving in Zormont , Afghanistan .	the_a	6384
However , the relatively small number of lawyers are expected to benefit financially .	However , a relatively small number of lawyers are expected to benefit financially .	the_a	6385
The gallery spokeswoman said no exhibitions were being removed as a result .	A gallery spokeswoman said no exhibitions were being removed as a result .	the_a	6386
For the first-time visitor , New York is utterly overwhelming .	For a first-time visitor , New York is utterly overwhelming .	the_a	6387
Columbus 2 , Toronto FC 1 The role which will live in infamy .	Columbus 2 , Toronto FC 1 A role which will live in infamy .	the_a	6388
Italy , the endless series of mountain ridges , favored the defense .	Italy , an endless series of mountain ridges , favored the defense .	the_a	6389
Wednesday and the argument ensued , police said .	Wednesday and an argument ensued , police said .	the_a	6390
Then , in the private room , he briefed Alex and Molly .	Then , in a private room , he briefed Alex and Molly .	the_a	6391
Early one morning last year , the dozen farmers threshed their first harvest .	Early one morning last year , a dozen farmers threshed their first harvest .	the_a	6392
The outline of the harrier is utterly different .	The outline of a harrier is utterly different .	the_a	6393
The breeze rustled the trees as a gate whined shut in the distance .	A breeze rustled the trees as a gate whined shut in the distance .	the_a	6394
The only child , Rice was groomed for greatness from birth .	An only child , Rice was groomed for greatness from birth .	the_a	6395
And the result of that competition is lower prices .	And a result of that competition is lower prices .	the_a	6396
The strike by writers would not immediately impact TV or film production .	A strike by writers would not immediately impact TV or film production .	the_a	6397
Pour nuts onto the plate to cool .	Pour nuts onto a plate to cool .	the_a	6398
But only the handful had community development corporations .	But only a handful had community development corporations .	the_a	6399
The large number of others were injured .	A large number of others were injured .	the_a	6400
The prayer vigil will be held for the girl Sunday afternoon in Galveston .	A prayer vigil will be held for the girl Sunday afternoon in Galveston .	the_a	6401
The duplicate device sent to the FCC was never tested .	A duplicate device sent to the FCC was never tested .	the_a	6402
The few get hit by the occasional tornado or lightning strike .	A few get hit by the occasional tornado or lightning strike .	the_a	6403
The human hair , by contrast , is about 80,000 nanometers across .	A human hair , by contrast , is about 80,000 nanometers across .	the_a	6404
The police spokesman confirmed that extra police were being deployed in the area .	A police spokesman confirmed that extra police were being deployed in the area .	the_a	6405
The 24-year-old patient collapsed and died after staff disregarded her complaints of dizziness .	A 24-year-old patient collapsed and died after staff disregarded her complaints of dizziness .	the_a	6406
The spokeswoman for Geller & Company did not return a call for comment .	A spokeswoman for Geller & Company did not return a call for comment .	the_a	6407
The Lebanese soldier guards the Lebanese Parliament building in downtown Beirut .	A Lebanese soldier guards the Lebanese Parliament building in downtown Beirut .	the_a	6408
" The great finish , " defending world champion Yang Wei said .	" A great finish , " defending world champion Yang Wei said .	the_a	6409
Brian Beades , the BlackRock spokesman , declined to comment .	Brian Beades , a BlackRock spokesman , declined to comment .	the_a	6410
The earthy smell filled my nostrils .	An earthy smell filled my nostrils .	the_a	6411
The spokesperson in the governor 's office was not immediately available for comment .	A spokesperson in the governor 's office was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	6412
In the school without air conditioning , water helps keep them in class .	In a school without air conditioning , water helps keep them in class .	the_a	6413
The year later , Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki replaced al-Jaafari in the post .	A year later , Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki replaced al-Jaafari in the post .	the_a	6414
For the while the mobiler continued to gesticulate and blab .	For a while the mobiler continued to gesticulate and blab .	the_a	6415
Seconds later , the suicide bomber detonated a shrapnel-laden device .	Seconds later , a suicide bomber detonated a shrapnel-laden device .	the_a	6416
The ace puts him two games to love ahead .	An ace puts him two games to love ahead .	the_a	6417
The starting pitcher is reserved for specific relief situations .	A starting pitcher is reserved for specific relief situations .	the_a	6418
The flood warning is in effect through Friday morning , he said .	A flood warning is in effect through Friday morning , he said .	the_a	6419
The rescheduling announcement will be made as soon as possible .	A rescheduling announcement will be made as soon as possible .	the_a	6420
The failure to indicate how another task was assessed brought sharp comment .	A failure to indicate how another task was assessed brought sharp comment .	the_a	6421
But the more recent trend has seen urban outlets also closing .	But a more recent trend has seen urban outlets also closing .	the_a	6422
Dover , N.H. : Mostly the statement then questions .	Dover , N.H. : Mostly a statement then questions .	the_a	6423
8 Longer stops of the week or so offer a chance to rest .	8 Longer stops of a week or so offer a chance to rest .	the_a	6424
Neville , the scientist and a soldier , constitutes a civilization of one .	Neville , a scientist and a soldier , constitutes a civilization of one .	the_a	6425
The broad reporting library is standard .	A broad reporting library is standard .	the_a	6426
The senior police officer confirmed that all 11 men had been killed .	A senior police officer confirmed that all 11 men had been killed .	the_a	6427
The few were recommended by writers and personal friends .	A few were recommended by writers and personal friends .	the_a	6428
And the Conservative government will not rest until we have won this struggle .	And a Conservative government will not rest until we have won this struggle .	the_a	6429
The few trees had limited resistance to the fungus and held on .	A few trees had limited resistance to the fungus and held on .	the_a	6430
The second coating to make screens dirt-resistant was costly and time-consuming .	A second coating to make screens dirt-resistant was costly and time-consuming .	the_a	6431
For the while , this bothered me , hugely .	For a while , this bothered me , hugely .	the_a	6432
The extensive driving range , short-game practice area complement the course .	An extensive driving range , short-game practice area complement the course .	the_a	6433
The & E said " Intervention , " has never been sued .	A & E said " Intervention , " has never been sued .	the_a	6434
The more comprehensive risk assessment tool is also available for a small fee .	A more comprehensive risk assessment tool is also available for a small fee .	the_a	6435
The Lear jet equipped with 10 high-definition cameras ascended to 20,000 feet .	A Lear jet equipped with 10 high-definition cameras ascended to 20,000 feet .	the_a	6436
The interception set this one on course early .	An interception set this one on course early .	the_a	6437
The survey this month showed that London is the slowest city in Europe .	A survey this month showed that London is the slowest city in Europe .	the_a	6438
The second man then got into the car with his accomplice .	A second man then got into the car with his accomplice .	the_a	6439
The young boy has admitted to accidentally starting one of the recent wildfires .	A young boy has admitted to accidentally starting one of the recent wildfires .	the_a	6440
The Butoh elder , Mr. Maro is sometimes referred to as a shaman .	A Butoh elder , Mr. Maro is sometimes referred to as a shaman .	the_a	6441
From the coach you need someone who motivates all the players .	From a coach you need someone who motivates all the players .	the_a	6442
For the decade that optimism seemed justified .	For a decade that optimism seemed justified .	the_a	6443
The supply is always kept on hand in the mayor 's office .	A supply is always kept on hand in the mayor 's office .	the_a	6444
The British business must comply with 170,000 pages of EU regulation .	A British business must comply with 170,000 pages of EU regulation .	the_a	6445
The plane crashed at an air show , rescue officials said .	A plane crashed at an air show , rescue officials said .	the_a	6446
The extradition hearing was scheduled Tuesday in Georgia , Kelly added .	An extradition hearing was scheduled Tuesday in Georgia , Kelly added .	the_a	6447
Ibrahim Jaafari , the Shia , is named as prime minister .	Ibrahim Jaafari , a Shia , is named as prime minister .	the_a	6448
The firefighter responds to a burning home Monday in Poway , California .	A firefighter responds to a burning home Monday in Poway , California .	the_a	6449
The spokeswoman for Boulder , Colorado-based Hain had no immediate comment .	A spokeswoman for Boulder , Colorado-based Hain had no immediate comment .	the_a	6450
What the gut instinct is not is a calculation .	What a gut instinct is not is a calculation .	the_a	6451
The internal Justice Department inquiry also is looking at whether Gonzales misled lawmakers .	An internal Justice Department inquiry also is looking at whether Gonzales misled lawmakers .	the_a	6452
The retired judge will issue decisions .	A retired judge will issue decisions .	the_a	6453
The archway of roses or honeysuckle , for instance , never fails .	An archway of roses or honeysuckle , for instance , never fails .	the_a	6454
My interpretation of the rule was incorrect .	My interpretation of a rule was incorrect .	the_a	6455
Never work with the actor-producer with the power to override the director .	Never work with an actor-producer with the power to override the director .	the_a	6456
Afterwards , the new electoral system was devised to make parliament more representative .	Afterwards , a new electoral system was devised to make parliament more representative .	the_a	6457
Only the few thousand households have switched suppliers so far .	Only a few thousand households have switched suppliers so far .	the_a	6458
The anti-whaling protest boat awaited the fleet offshore .	An anti-whaling protest boat awaited the fleet offshore .	the_a	6459
The spokeswoman for the FSA declined to comment on Biffa .	A spokeswoman for the FSA declined to comment on Biffa .	the_a	6460
The series of public exhibitions are taking place around Heathrow .	A series of public exhibitions are taking place around Heathrow .	the_a	6461
Then all of the sudden , this summer it stopped .	Then all of a sudden , this summer it stopped .	the_a	6462
The secretary locked the office door by the midafternoon .	A secretary locked the office door by the midafternoon .	the_a	6463
The Iranian news agency says he had often offered to resign before .	An Iranian news agency says he had often offered to resign before .	the_a	6464
In the move that illustrates the growing tension between Hollywood and Apple Inc .	In a move that illustrates the growing tension between Hollywood and Apple Inc .	the_a	6465
The brain-drain may be irreversible .	A brain-drain may be irreversible .	the_a	6466
The rhino 's gestation period is 16 to 17 months .	A rhino 's gestation period is 16 to 17 months .	the_a	6467
The VeriSign official was not immediately available for comment .	A VeriSign official was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	6468
The single Army brigade occupied a country larger and more populous than Iraq .	A single Army brigade occupied a country larger and more populous than Iraq .	the_a	6469
Nishat Mughal , the government schoolteacher , is one of them .	Nishat Mughal , a government schoolteacher , is one of them .	the_a	6470
The city-financed Web site lists dozens of other events elsewhere .	A city-financed Web site lists dozens of other events elsewhere .	the_a	6471
The major neck injury ended his dancing career in 1996 .	A major neck injury ended his dancing career in 1996 .	the_a	6472
The three-judge panel already had turned them down in a 2-1 decision .	A three-judge panel already had turned them down in a 2-1 decision .	the_a	6473
The News Corporation spokeswoman said the suit was without merit .	A News Corporation spokeswoman said the suit was without merit .	the_a	6474
The prize also will be given to the fastest women 's team .	A prize also will be given to the fastest women 's team .	the_a	6475
The moment of silence for the fire victims was added to the ceremony .	A moment of silence for the fire victims was added to the ceremony .	the_a	6476
The description of lovemaking was interrupted with an account of cancer surgery .	A description of lovemaking was interrupted with an account of cancer surgery .	the_a	6477
The hot-air balloon shaped as a birthday cake adorned the front yard .	A hot-air balloon shaped as a birthday cake adorned the front yard .	the_a	6478
The brief pain , but the world would soon forget .	A brief pain , but the world would soon forget .	the_a	6479
The daughter , Susan , died in an automobile accident in 1976 .	A daughter , Susan , died in an automobile accident in 1976 .	the_a	6480
Two and the half , to be exact .	Two and a half , to be exact .	the_a	6481
The provision for how contract disputes will be resolved .	A provision for how contract disputes will be resolved .	the_a	6482
Rehman The letter of censure is the military 's most severe administrative punishment .	Rehman A letter of censure is the military 's most severe administrative punishment .	the_a	6483
The few days later , she gets a bill .	A few days later , she gets a bill .	the_a	6484
It just all of the sudden was here - poof !	It just all of a sudden was here - poof !	the_a	6485
The dozen Congressional and executive agencies and blue-ribbon commissions are investigating .	A dozen Congressional and executive agencies and blue-ribbon commissions are investigating .	the_a	6486
The top government official said India was struggling to stop terrorist attacks .	A top government official said India was struggling to stop terrorist attacks .	the_a	6487
The Japanese legend relates the mass suicide of the 47 samurai .	A Japanese legend relates the mass suicide of the 47 samurai .	the_a	6488
From that night , the friendship blossomed .	From that night , a friendship blossomed .	the_a	6489
The small , poorly equipped African Union force has failed to stop violence .	A small , poorly equipped African Union force has failed to stop violence .	the_a	6490
The post mortem examination is expected to take place on Saturday .	A post mortem examination is expected to take place on Saturday .	the_a	6491
The internal investigation is now under way into how the case was handled .	An internal investigation is now under way into how the case was handled .	the_a	6492
Dress like the German , get three drink tokens .	Dress like a German , get three drink tokens .	the_a	6493
Basra , the mostly Shiite city , has become more violent recently .	Basra , a mostly Shiite city , has become more violent recently .	the_a	6494
Surprisingly , for the spy store , it is easy to find .	Surprisingly , for a spy store , it is easy to find .	the_a	6495
The month before his death he was awarded the RSPB 's Conservation Medal .	A month before his death he was awarded the RSPB 's Conservation Medal .	the_a	6496
The lawyer for Heredia did not respond to two messages seeking comment .	A lawyer for Heredia did not respond to two messages seeking comment .	the_a	6497
Little by little , the scene of devastation revealed itself .	Little by little , a scene of devastation revealed itself .	the_a	6498
The deck off of the living room has lake views .	A deck off of the living room has lake views .	the_a	6499
The combination of these plans might work best .	A combination of these plans might work best .	the_a	6500
" Such the situation could create political turmoil , " he said .	" Such a situation could create political turmoil , " he said .	the_a	6501
The 31-year-old woman and her two children were smashed between parked cars .	A 31-year-old woman and her two children were smashed between parked cars .	the_a	6502
The third-generation opium farmer in Neemuch , India , was even more adamant .	A third-generation opium farmer in Neemuch , India , was even more adamant .	the_a	6503
The number of designers are hotly pursued .	A number of designers are hotly pursued .	the_a	6504
But even with the indictment , Bonds 's record remains .	But even with an indictment , Bonds 's record remains .	the_a	6505
The final decision on the proposed changes is due next month .	A final decision on the proposed changes is due next month .	the_a	6506
The archive will be available at this website through November 6 , 2007 .	An archive will be available at this website through November 6 , 2007 .	the_a	6507
The new runway accommodates heavier C-5 cargo planes and Boeing 747s .	A new runway accommodates heavier C-5 cargo planes and Boeing 747s .	the_a	6508
The judge ordered Simpson be held without bail , Sgt. John Loretto said .	A judge ordered Simpson be held without bail , Sgt. John Loretto said .	the_a	6509
The cellphone provider was offering free calls to anywhere in the United States .	A cellphone provider was offering free calls to anywhere in the United States .	the_a	6510
The caper or two on each is not amiss .	A caper or two on each is not amiss .	the_a	6511
The draw , though , would be satisfactory for McClaren .	A draw , though , would be satisfactory for McClaren .	the_a	6512
" The embassy spokesman said : " We cannot discuss family travel plans .	" An embassy spokesman said : " We cannot discuss family travel plans .	the_a	6513
In the large bowl , combine maple syrup , rum flavoring and strawberries .	In a large bowl , combine maple syrup , rum flavoring and strawberries .	the_a	6514
The initial toll on Monday put the dead at six .	An initial toll on Monday put the dead at six .	the_a	6515
The spokesman for the union did not respond to a request for comment .	A spokesman for the union did not respond to a request for comment .	the_a	6516
With the full mug of Rudolph Water to drink , I hung around .	With a full mug of Rudolph Water to drink , I hung around .	the_a	6517
The lack of iron in some ocean waters prevents plankton from blooming .	A lack of iron in some ocean waters prevents plankton from blooming .	the_a	6518
The field goal attempt a few moments later went wide to the left .	A field goal attempt a few moments later went wide to the left .	the_a	6519
The final observation about accessories : Has the shoe upstaged the mighty handbag ?	A final observation about accessories : Has the shoe upstaged the mighty handbag ?	the_a	6520
But such the plan could also run into trouble .	But such a plan could also run into trouble .	the_a	6521
The friendship based on work is no less valid .	A friendship based on work is no less valid .	the_a	6522
The telephone message left with Kid Rock 's publicist was not immediately returned .	A telephone message left with Kid Rock 's publicist was not immediately returned .	the_a	6523
But in the follow-up match , Mr. Louis won decisively .	But in a follow-up match , Mr. Louis won decisively .	the_a	6524
The number of Bedouins needed medical treatment .	A number of Bedouins needed medical treatment .	the_a	6525
In Brazil , the women 's league will be launched on October 25 .	In Brazil , a women 's league will be launched on October 25 .	the_a	6526
This from the man who had let Republican pork through by the sty-load .	This from a man who had let Republican pork through by the sty-load .	the_a	6527
, the similar theft involving flag holders shocked veterans there .	, a similar theft involving flag holders shocked veterans there .	the_a	6528
Upon qualification , the e-mail will be sent with login instructions .	Upon qualification , an e-mail will be sent with login instructions .	the_a	6529
2008 Business Model The summary of the agency 's report was released Wednesday .	2008 Business Model A summary of the agency 's report was released Wednesday .	the_a	6530
The Pentagon inventory showed that the Army had almost 300 systems in storage .	A Pentagon inventory showed that the Army had almost 300 systems in storage .	the_a	6531
The next morning the group of flag-carrying English boys in rugby shirts arrive .	The next morning a group of flag-carrying English boys in rugby shirts arrive .	the_a	6532
The false imprisonment charge was dropped after he agreed to anger management classes .	A false imprisonment charge was dropped after he agreed to anger management classes .	the_a	6533
The skiing holiday , was not it ?	A skiing holiday , was not it ?	the_a	6534
However , the spokesman for Bhutto said no such meeting had been arranged .	However , a spokesman for Bhutto said no such meeting had been arranged .	the_a	6535
The female police officer was injured as she tried to intervene .	A female police officer was injured as she tried to intervene .	the_a	6536
But the Slovakian woman said her son was having problems .	But a Slovakian woman said her son was having problems .	the_a	6537
The song , the Hoagy Carmichael-Johnny Mercer composition , won a 1952 Oscar .	The song , a Hoagy Carmichael-Johnny Mercer composition , won a 1952 Oscar .	the_a	6538
The number of houses were destroyed in the attack , he said .	A number of houses were destroyed in the attack , he said .	the_a	6539
The few showers fell yesterday morning and a few more in the afternoon .	A few showers fell yesterday morning and a few more in the afternoon .	the_a	6540
The version ran off-Broadway in 2001-2002 .	A version ran off-Broadway in 2001-2002 .	the_a	6541
The small tsunami also hit Japan 's northern and eastern coasts .	A small tsunami also hit Japan 's northern and eastern coasts .	the_a	6542
The professor finally realized what it was .	A professor finally realized what it was .	the_a	6543
The source told Reuters that Yu had also been detained by local police .	A source told Reuters that Yu had also been detained by local police .	the_a	6544
The additional £ 10m to support cutting edge research in Scotland .	An additional £ 10m to support cutting edge research in Scotland .	the_a	6545
The male student was taken to hospital and is in a stable condition .	A male student was taken to hospital and is in a stable condition .	the_a	6546
The giveaway : Watch for rebranding .	A giveaway : Watch for rebranding .	the_a	6547
The expert from Paignton Zoo told her it sounded like a lynx .	An expert from Paignton Zoo told her it sounded like a lynx .	the_a	6548
About American Eagle The bird had relieved itself on my head .	About American Eagle A bird had relieved itself on my head .	the_a	6549
The Shakespeare comedy opened the Classic Stage Company 's season last night .	A Shakespeare comedy opened the Classic Stage Company 's season last night .	the_a	6550
The generous array of options kicked my 535xi to $ 61,825 .	A generous array of options kicked my 535xi to $ 61,825 .	the_a	6551
The specially designed touch-screen shows several images .	A specially designed touch-screen shows several images .	the_a	6552
The woman in a black abaya wept as the bags were opened .	A woman in a black abaya wept as the bags were opened .	the_a	6553
Round 3 Calzaghe lands the left and Kessler slips .	Round 3 Calzaghe lands a left and Kessler slips .	the_a	6554
The year later , in 2006 , he switched to mathematics .	A year later , in 2006 , he switched to mathematics .	the_a	6555
The spokeswoman for Paulose declined to comment on the Justice Department audit .	A spokeswoman for Paulose declined to comment on the Justice Department audit .	the_a	6556
And quite the job it is .	And quite a job it is .	the_a	6557
For more than the decade the court was finely balanced .	For more than a decade the court was finely balanced .	the_a	6558
The police chief supervising the raid was also wounded .	A police chief supervising the raid was also wounded .	the_a	6559
The place to meet .	A place to meet .	the_a	6560
The spokesman for the Indian Embassy in Washington declined to comment .	A spokesman for the Indian Embassy in Washington declined to comment .	the_a	6561
The Search Operation Is Underway , The Azal Airline Said In A Statement .	A Search Operation Is Underway , The Azal Airline Said In A Statement .	the_a	6562
The additional board-approved share repurchase authorization is in place to offset option exercises .	An additional board-approved share repurchase authorization is in place to offset option exercises .	the_a	6563
And from that , the best American comic was born .	And from that , a best American comic was born .	the_a	6564
The month 's supply of the branded drug currently costs over $ 330 .	A month 's supply of the branded drug currently costs over $ 330 .	the_a	6565
Maybe the child would give our lives meaning , a purpose .	Maybe a child would give our lives meaning , a purpose .	the_a	6566
The 11-day Copenhagen festival , the showcase for European cinema , ends Sunday .	The 11-day Copenhagen festival , a showcase for European cinema , ends Sunday .	the_a	6567
The graphic included in the package shows the fire weaving around the areas .	A graphic included in the package shows the fire weaving around the areas .	the_a	6568
At least the half-dozen bishops sympathize with that position .	At least a half-dozen bishops sympathize with that position .	the_a	6569
The police and the ambulance arrived within nine minutes .	The police and an ambulance arrived within nine minutes .	the_a	6570
The cat can be a wonderful addition to any household .	A cat can be a wonderful addition to any household .	the_a	6571
The provision of services by third parties for the fee will remain .	The provision of services by third parties for a fee will remain .	the_a	6572
The reclamation fund has been established to fund environmental and site reclamation costs .	A reclamation fund has been established to fund environmental and site reclamation costs .	the_a	6573
That , in the nutshell , is how these young leaders operate .	That , in a nutshell , is how these young leaders operate .	the_a	6574
The window at the front of the property was also damaged .	A window at the front of the property was also damaged .	the_a	6575
In the statement Thursday , presidential rival Chris Dodd echoed Edwards ' argument .	In a statement Thursday , presidential rival Chris Dodd echoed Edwards ' argument .	the_a	6576
' " the European diplomat said in Kabul .	' " a European diplomat said in Kabul .	the_a	6577
Less than the hour later it was all over .	Less than an hour later it was all over .	the_a	6578
And the merger would bring considerable economies of scale .	And a merger would bring considerable economies of scale .	the_a	6579
The book of winning poems is being published in time for Christmas .	A book of winning poems is being published in time for Christmas .	the_a	6580
, the global information solutions company , today announced the launch of ChoiceScore .	, a global information solutions company , today announced the launch of ChoiceScore .	the_a	6581
The Buddhist monk prays at the Shwedagon Pagoda on Sunday in Yangon .	A Buddhist monk prays at the Shwedagon Pagoda on Sunday in Yangon .	the_a	6582
The team of firefighters hold back roadside flames in the Peloponese peninsula Monday .	A team of firefighters hold back roadside flames in the Peloponese peninsula Monday .	the_a	6583
Inside , the video projection played an endless loop of two women kissing .	Inside , a video projection played an endless loop of two women kissing .	the_a	6584
The ESPN crew filmed the exhumation for a planned newsmagazine program .	An ESPN crew filmed the exhumation for a planned newsmagazine program .	the_a	6585
The call seeking comment was left with the league office .	A call seeking comment was left with the league office .	the_a	6586
The notice of extension will be mailed to C1 shareholders .	A notice of extension will be mailed to C1 shareholders .	the_a	6587
The decade later , Gore was vice president and the seat opened up .	A decade later , Gore was vice president and the seat opened up .	the_a	6588
The man has been killed in an explosion on a Staffordshire canal boat .	A man has been killed in an explosion on a Staffordshire canal boat .	the_a	6589
The oral declaration of citizenship is all that is currently required .	An oral declaration of citizenship is all that is currently required .	the_a	6590
For some , the supply increase cannot come soon enough .	For some , a supply increase cannot come soon enough .	the_a	6591
The smaller outbreak was also seen in British Columbia in 2005 .	A smaller outbreak was also seen in British Columbia in 2005 .	the_a	6592
The publishing number for Chi Bi has been obtained as well .	A publishing number for Chi Bi has been obtained as well .	the_a	6593
What the horrible place to grow up .	What a horrible place to grow up .	the_a	6594
The spokeswoman for the MoD refused to comment on future troop movements .	A spokeswoman for the MoD refused to comment on future troop movements .	the_a	6595
The public meeting and exhibitions were staged in Thanet in June .	A public meeting and exhibitions were staged in Thanet in June .	the_a	6596
The autograph seeker took a copy to the College of Charleston gym Thursday .	An autograph seeker took a copy to the College of Charleston gym Thursday .	the_a	6597
The answer here : The is for Ahmadinejad !	The answer here : A is for Ahmadinejad !	the_a	6598
The long search for the Somali PM Apparently her microwave is ultralow-wattage .	The long search for a Somali PM Apparently her microwave is ultralow-wattage .	the_a	6599
The judge asked Qayyum what would happen if Musharraf was not re- elected .	A judge asked Qayyum what would happen if Musharraf was not re- elected .	the_a	6600
Its title , " The Free Life , " is not altogether ironic .	Its title , " A Free Life , " is not altogether ironic .	the_a	6601
The larger issue is whether the drugs aim at the right targets .	A larger issue is whether the drugs aim at the right targets .	the_a	6602
The telephone call Craig received last week from Sen. Arlen Specter , R-Pa .	A telephone call Craig received last week from Sen. Arlen Specter , R-Pa .	the_a	6603
Nonetheless , the couple of sections of this work lacked fizz .	Nonetheless , a couple of sections of this work lacked fizz .	the_a	6604
If the significant shareholder sells , the whole dynamic changes .	If a significant shareholder sells , the whole dynamic changes .	the_a	6605
The plume of black smoke can be seen across the city .	A plume of black smoke can be seen across the city .	the_a	6606
Here , despite the ban by the European Commission , cod fishing continues .	Here , despite a ban by the European Commission , cod fishing continues .	the_a	6607
The media room has theater seats .	A media room has theater seats .	the_a	6608
The student presented a brief history of the wars between India and Pakistan .	A student presented a brief history of the wars between India and Pakistan .	the_a	6609
During the struggle , Perry fell and injured her nose .	During a struggle , Perry fell and injured her nose .	the_a	6610
The few , including the title story , seem no more than sketches .	A few , including the title story , seem no more than sketches .	the_a	6611
The Venezuelan cargo plane was due to arrive Thursday .	A Venezuelan cargo plane was due to arrive Thursday .	the_a	6612
For the complete Summit agenda , go to www.nlc.org / iyef .	For a complete Summit agenda , go to www.nlc.org / iyef .	the_a	6613
No details of casting or the release date were announced .	No details of casting or a release date were announced .	the_a	6614
The fourth man , aged 23 , remains in police custody .	A fourth man , aged 23 , remains in police custody .	the_a	6615
The copy of his remarks were made available in Washington .	A copy of his remarks were made available in Washington .	the_a	6616
Ferdinand Dudenhoeffer , the German professor and auto specialist was even more categoric .	Ferdinand Dudenhoeffer , a German professor and auto specialist was even more categoric .	the_a	6617
The N.E.A. grant can be a watershed in a writer 's career .	An N.E.A. grant can be a watershed in a writer 's career .	the_a	6618
11 , 2001 , principally the military effort to combat Islamic terrorism .	11 , 2001 , principally a military effort to combat Islamic terrorism .	the_a	6619
The shadow fell over her .	A shadow fell over her .	the_a	6620
The e-mail message to a Virgin Mobile Australia spokeswoman was not answered .	An e-mail message to a Virgin Mobile Australia spokeswoman was not answered .	the_a	6621
The year on , she had released her first record in Sweden .	A year on , she had released her first record in Sweden .	the_a	6622
At least the dozen states are ready to follow once permission is granted .	At least a dozen states are ready to follow once permission is granted .	the_a	6623
The service was said in Russian .	A service was said in Russian .	the_a	6624
Newscast LLC , the Towerstream customer , gives the service two thumbs up .	Newscast LLC , a Towerstream customer , gives the service two thumbs up .	the_a	6625
The NBC Universal spokesman said they were hopeful of reaching a resolution .	An NBC Universal spokesman said they were hopeful of reaching a resolution .	the_a	6626
The autopsy was to be completed yesterday .	An autopsy was to be completed yesterday .	the_a	6627
The third of the panelists said inflation was the greatest problem .	A third of the panelists said inflation was the greatest problem .	the_a	6628
The intriguing modern cabinet of curiosities , only 15 cellars have been created .	An intriguing modern cabinet of curiosities , only 15 cellars have been created .	the_a	6629
The convention would give the advantage to the more conservative Gilmore .	A convention would give the advantage to the more conservative Gilmore .	the_a	6630
Scepticism , the hallmark of science , is frowned upon .	Scepticism , a hallmark of science , is frowned upon .	the_a	6631
Mr. Zehr , the corporate insurance underwriter , waited outside .	Mr. Zehr , a corporate insurance underwriter , waited outside .	the_a	6632
The second could have come just before the onset of leukemia .	A second could have come just before the onset of leukemia .	the_a	6633
The losses from the default are now dispersed among countless investors .	The losses from a default are now dispersed among countless investors .	the_a	6634
For the while , it was a taboo .	For a while , it was a taboo .	the_a	6635
Maddux , the 347-game winner , also won his record 17th Gold Glove .	Maddux , a 347-game winner , also won his record 17th Gold Glove .	the_a	6636
The three-year-old girl , in the property at the time , was unhurt .	A three-year-old girl , in the property at the time , was unhurt .	the_a	6637
The trial date was set in federal court in Camden for Jan. 15 .	A trial date was set in federal court in Camden for Jan. 15 .	the_a	6638
The dispute ensued .	A dispute ensued .	the_a	6639
But the few might - and that is what he fears .	But a few might - and that is what he fears .	the_a	6640
The tease .	A tease .	the_a	6641
The reshuffling of the global deck of cards is under way .	A reshuffling of the global deck of cards is under way .	the_a	6642
The man who died in Bristol was shot , police have confirmed .	A man who died in Bristol was shot , police have confirmed .	the_a	6643
So The Artist told me he could tattoo a flower over It .	So An Artist told me he could tattoo a flower over It .	the_a	6644
The lot of people do not even lock their doors at night .	A lot of people do not even lock their doors at night .	the_a	6645
Maybe the typographic solution with some hint of the new NYC logo embedded .	Maybe a typographic solution with some hint of the new NYC logo embedded .	the_a	6646
In the absence of the president , the government would take executive power .	In the absence of a president , the government would take executive power .	the_a	6647
The number of scientists have dismissed Dr Watson 's comments .	A number of scientists have dismissed Dr Watson 's comments .	the_a	6648
The formal proposal is expected in about a month , according to Sowls .	A formal proposal is expected in about a month , according to Sowls .	the_a	6649
The compass-point weathervane completes the composition .	A compass-point weathervane completes the composition .	the_a	6650
The Estee Lauder spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	An Estee Lauder spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	6651
The movement will generate that will not stop until Musharraf goes .	A movement will generate that will not stop until Musharraf goes .	the_a	6652
The case could be made either way .	A case could be made either way .	the_a	6653
The official at one fire station said callbacks were happening unit by unit .	An official at one fire station said callbacks were happening unit by unit .	the_a	6654
Fair Test , the antitesting group , made a similar comment .	Fair Test , an antitesting group , made a similar comment .	the_a	6655
In the all-around floor game , he added five rebounds and eight assists .	In an all-around floor game , he added five rebounds and eight assists .	the_a	6656
The autopsy concluded Tuesday that she hanged herself .	An autopsy concluded Tuesday that she hanged herself .	the_a	6657
SOURCE Diversity Alliance for the Sustainable America I 'll see you tomorrow .	SOURCE Diversity Alliance for a Sustainable America I 'll see you tomorrow .	the_a	6658
The appeals court in Atlanta said that was overly broad .	An appeals court in Atlanta said that was overly broad .	the_a	6659
The clogged air filter increases fuel consumption and compromises performance .	A clogged air filter increases fuel consumption and compromises performance .	the_a	6660
Once the year is about right .	Once a year is about right .	the_a	6661
" " The affected note , would not you say ?	" " An affected note , would not you say ?	the_a	6662
The formal letter from the Ministry of Culture followed .	A formal letter from the Ministry of Culture followed .	the_a	6663
Militancy with the Pakistani connection has also been evident in Britain .	Militancy with a Pakistani connection has also been evident in Britain .	the_a	6664
The retired judge will decide the final payments .	A retired judge will decide the final payments .	the_a	6665
The woman walking her dog later came across Mr Kerr .	A woman walking her dog later came across Mr Kerr .	the_a	6666
The advance party of LRA security representatives have been in Kampala since Monday .	An advance party of LRA security representatives have been in Kampala since Monday .	the_a	6667
Maybe the year later I woulda got shot .	Maybe a year later I woulda got shot .	the_a	6668
The 175mph smash in qualifying means Hamilton starts 10th .	A 175mph smash in qualifying means Hamilton starts 10th .	the_a	6669
Two-thirds in the Pew poll this year supported government-financed health insurance for all .	Two-thirds in a Pew poll this year supported government-financed health insurance for all .	the_a	6670
Such the situation could allow already great businesses to become even greater .	Such a situation could allow already great businesses to become even greater .	the_a	6671
Once , the town like St. Peter would have seemed like destination enough .	Once , a town like St. Peter would have seemed like destination enough .	the_a	6672
The few years later , Thompson got a call from Hollywood .	A few years later , Thompson got a call from Hollywood .	the_a	6673
The inquest will open in due course .	An inquest will open in due course .	the_a	6674
The Tabloid Takes Sides in Its Coverage of the Knicks He was fine .	A Tabloid Takes Sides in Its Coverage of the Knicks He was fine .	the_a	6675
This , in the few lines , was the essence of Clintonism .	This , in a few lines , was the essence of Clintonism .	the_a	6676
The middle- class job we are trying to protect .	A middle- class job we are trying to protect .	the_a	6677
Any breach of these competition rules by the entrant will void their entry .	Any breach of these competition rules by an entrant will void their entry .	the_a	6678
The search has begun for a permanent chief executive .	A search has begun for a permanent chief executive .	the_a	6679
The total of 2,111 of the women developed breast cancer in 2000 .	A total of 2,111 of the women developed breast cancer in 2000 .	the_a	6680
The new spa opens in December .	A new spa opens in December .	the_a	6681
The British police inquiry decided she was not .	A British police inquiry decided she was not .	the_a	6682
The lot of them cannot afford eight minutes .	A lot of them cannot afford eight minutes .	the_a	6683
The nice beach is always great .	A nice beach is always great .	the_a	6684
The weakness for hyperbole is not an unknown quality among web-evangelists .	A weakness for hyperbole is not an unknown quality among web-evangelists .	the_a	6685
The actress is stupid - that is the best news .	An actress is stupid - that is the best news .	the_a	6686
Senator Hillary Clinton 's call for the international inquiry is a good one .	Senator Hillary Clinton 's call for an international inquiry is a good one .	the_a	6687
The suicide note has been placed on the ground .	A suicide note has been placed on the ground .	the_a	6688
Universal , the subsidiary of Vivendi , owns the rights to the music .	Universal , a subsidiary of Vivendi , owns the rights to the music .	the_a	6689
The special party meeting will be held this month to make that decision .	A special party meeting will be held this month to make that decision .	the_a	6690
For the few moments anyway , it was something to savor .	For a few moments anyway , it was something to savor .	the_a	6691
Less than the week later , they are doing that you-know thing together .	Less than a week later , they are doing that you-know thing together .	the_a	6692
The further 64 seats were undecided .	A further 64 seats were undecided .	the_a	6693
The disturbing narrative began to unfold in the last couple of months .	A disturbing narrative began to unfold in the last couple of months .	the_a	6694
Fishermen on the platform at the New York power plant were netting them .	Fishermen on a platform at the New York power plant were netting them .	the_a	6695
The medical journal roundup from MedPage Today appears each Thursday .	A medical journal roundup from MedPage Today appears each Thursday .	the_a	6696
The decision is expected before the end of January .	A decision is expected before the end of January .	the_a	6697
The wood-burning bread oven will be situated just inside the front door .	A wood-burning bread oven will be situated just inside the front door .	the_a	6698
The four-lane highway slowly takes shape along a coast shattered by giant waves .	A four-lane highway slowly takes shape along a coast shattered by giant waves .	the_a	6699
The couple of times , I thought , that is it .	A couple of times , I thought , that is it .	the_a	6700
Repairs to or replacement of the failed system can cost thousands .	Repairs to or replacement of a failed system can cost thousands .	the_a	6701
The RAF helicopter crew airlifted the men to Wansbeck General Hospital .	An RAF helicopter crew airlifted the men to Wansbeck General Hospital .	the_a	6702
The large part of the Group 's income is generated by international operations .	A large part of the Group 's income is generated by international operations .	the_a	6703
, the senior adviser to Carlyle , is Sprint 's interim chairman .	, a senior adviser to Carlyle , is Sprint 's interim chairman .	the_a	6704
The handful of pictures in the exhibition almost avoid such overstatement .	A handful of pictures in the exhibition almost avoid such overstatement .	the_a	6705
Separately , the mini-festival is scheduled for Tuesday night at the Washington Monument .	Separately , a mini-festival is scheduled for Tuesday night at the Washington Monument .	the_a	6706
The two- or three-tiered system never can .	A two- or three-tiered system never can .	the_a	6707
The wall near the fountain presented another problem : It was too big .	A wall near the fountain presented another problem : It was too big .	the_a	6708
The replay will be available for 90 days following the event .	A replay will be available for 90 days following the event .	the_a	6709
The replay will be available after the presentation and accessible for 14 days .	A replay will be available after the presentation and accessible for 14 days .	the_a	6710
And finally , the dead man on the railroad tracks .	And finally , a dead man on the railroad tracks .	the_a	6711
The cap on loans to the affiliate is a tenet of prudent banking .	The cap on loans to an affiliate is a tenet of prudent banking .	the_a	6712
The year later , it had climbed to about 6 per cent .	A year later , it had climbed to about 6 per cent .	the_a	6713
The marginal increase in durable goods orders also sent futures falling .	A marginal increase in durable goods orders also sent futures falling .	the_a	6714
If the player does not , there is a problem .	If a player does not , there is a problem .	the_a	6715
The question-and-answer period will follow .	A question-and-answer period will follow .	the_a	6716
The amount has been decided on , and payments are being made .	An amount has been decided on , and payments are being made .	the_a	6717
But the leader of the study took pains to avoid absolving China .	But a leader of the study took pains to avoid absolving China .	the_a	6718
Shoulder injuries The sentence of 10 days in the county workhouse was stayed .	Shoulder injuries A sentence of 10 days in the county workhouse was stayed .	the_a	6719
Maybe the little cheesy , but the crowd loved it .	Maybe a little cheesy , but the crowd loved it .	the_a	6720
The spokesman for the company said engineers were trying to fix the fault .	A spokesman for the company said engineers were trying to fix the fault .	the_a	6721
The client and I are discussing his plea .	A client and I are discussing his plea .	the_a	6722
For the factory-supplied seat , it remained surprisingly comfortable through an extended ride .	For a factory-supplied seat , it remained surprisingly comfortable through an extended ride .	the_a	6723
At the recent debate , they rushed to disavow it .	At a recent debate , they rushed to disavow it .	the_a	6724
The residential building surge followed .	A residential building surge followed .	the_a	6725
And , the even bigger issue , how reliable is the Mitchell report ?	And , an even bigger issue , how reliable is the Mitchell report ?	the_a	6726
The neighbor told WFSB-TV that the motorcycles were stolen from her shed .	A neighbor told WFSB-TV that the motorcycles were stolen from her shed .	the_a	6727
The Davis candidacy would have a domino effect in Fairfax County .	A Davis candidacy would have a domino effect in Fairfax County .	the_a	6728
The estimated 52,180 deaths from colorectal cancer are expected this year .	An estimated 52,180 deaths from colorectal cancer are expected this year .	the_a	6729
What the difference seven years makes .	What a difference seven years makes .	the_a	6730
" The very , very eventful race , " he said .	" A very , very eventful race , " he said .	the_a	6731
The post-mortem examination will be held later on Sunday .	A post-mortem examination will be held later on Sunday .	the_a	6732
The ratings downgrade also would harm its ability to retain commercial deposits .	A ratings downgrade also would harm its ability to retain commercial deposits .	the_a	6733
Then the unprecedented five-year bull market hit a wall .	Then an unprecedented five-year bull market hit a wall .	the_a	6734
The competing initiative would leave egg producers ' current practices in place .	A competing initiative would leave egg producers ' current practices in place .	the_a	6735
Her mother , Sharon Boorstin , the author , had a related sentiment .	Her mother , Sharon Boorstin , an author , had a related sentiment .	the_a	6736
The 27-year-old man has been charged with the murder of Pc Sharon Beshenivsky .	A 27-year-old man has been charged with the murder of Pc Sharon Beshenivsky .	the_a	6737
The little competition goes a long way .	A little competition goes a long way .	the_a	6738
The inquest into their deaths has been opened and adjourned .	An inquest into their deaths has been opened and adjourned .	the_a	6739
The ruling is also expected on whether the government must recognise minority Bahais .	A ruling is also expected on whether the government must recognise minority Bahais .	the_a	6740
The picture accompanying this release is available through the PA Photowire .	A picture accompanying this release is available through the PA Photowire .	the_a	6741
In it , the guy hams up a series of dance moves .	In it , a guy hams up a series of dance moves .	the_a	6742
The judicious eye serves as well as unlimited credit .	A judicious eye serves as well as unlimited credit .	the_a	6743
Consequently if the surviving spouse died before then there will be no benefit .	Consequently if a surviving spouse died before then there will be no benefit .	the_a	6744
The ruling was not expected for several days .	A ruling was not expected for several days .	the_a	6745
The spokeswoman for Lloyds TSB Group said the bank will defend itself .	A spokeswoman for Lloyds TSB Group said the bank will defend itself .	the_a	6746
But after the eight-day layoff , the Rockies were rusted and got routed .	But after an eight-day layoff , the Rockies were rusted and got routed .	the_a	6747
The man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .	the_a	6748
But the lot of kids do not , especially girls .	But a lot of kids do not , especially girls .	the_a	6749
Monday if the deal cannot be reached .	Monday if a deal cannot be reached .	the_a	6750
The goal-line stand preserved the 10-point lead .	A goal-line stand preserved the 10-point lead .	the_a	6751
The rebid of two hearts would suggest a fair hand but better hearts .	A rebid of two hearts would suggest a fair hand but better hearts .	the_a	6752
Three and the half stars out of four .	Three and a half stars out of four .	the_a	6753
Jerricho Cotchery , also the wide receiver , noticed Coles 's silent exit .	Jerricho Cotchery , also a wide receiver , noticed Coles 's silent exit .	the_a	6754
The third dog carcass had been burned so badly an exam was inconclusive .	A third dog carcass had been burned so badly an exam was inconclusive .	the_a	6755
The Gould official referred questions to Lew .	A Gould official referred questions to Lew .	the_a	6756
The post-mortem examination showed she had recently had sex .	A post-mortem examination showed she had recently had sex .	the_a	6757
, the county dispatcher said .	, a county dispatcher said .	the_a	6758
, near the center where she said she had given birth .	, near a center where she said she had given birth .	the_a	6759
The MAN has been caught driving at 122mph , it emerged yesterday .	A MAN has been caught driving at 122mph , it emerged yesterday .	the_a	6760
The man in the other car suffered minor injuries .	A man in the other car suffered minor injuries .	the_a	6761
The case in point is Choi and his push north with fast-food chicken .	A case in point is Choi and his push north with fast-food chicken .	the_a	6762
One-Two-Go , the budget airline , is owned by Orient Thai Airways .	One-Two-Go , a budget airline , is owned by Orient Thai Airways .	the_a	6763
The drugs dog will be searching bars and clubs in the town .	A drugs dog will be searching bars and clubs in the town .	the_a	6764
The few pilings ahead , a large praying mantis stood in repose .	A few pilings ahead , a large praying mantis stood in repose .	the_a	6765
" Usually the economy becomes stronger because of rebuilding , " Gillespie said .	" Usually an economy becomes stronger because of rebuilding , " Gillespie said .	the_a	6766
The off-site beach club is planned .	An off-site beach club is planned .	the_a	6767
The free Iraq will counter the destructive ambitions of Iran .	A free Iraq will counter the destructive ambitions of Iran .	the_a	6768
1978 - The measure of self-government introduced .	1978 - A measure of self-government introduced .	the_a	6769
The Good Block The " Polynesian Dreams " luau was getting under way .	A Good Block The " Polynesian Dreams " luau was getting under way .	the_a	6770
The spokesman for Giuliani dismissed Romney 's comments .	A spokesman for Giuliani dismissed Romney 's comments .	the_a	6771
The smaller change in mTSS reflects less progression of joint damage .	A smaller change in mTSS reflects less progression of joint damage .	the_a	6772
The surge in consumer spending offset a slump in home-building .	A surge in consumer spending offset a slump in home-building .	the_a	6773
In southern Germany , the lovely angel named the Christkind charms wonderstruck children .	In southern Germany , a lovely angel named the Christkind charms wonderstruck children .	the_a	6774
The replay will also be available on Drew 's website .	A replay will also be available on Drew 's website .	the_a	6775
The vote is expected within hours .	A vote is expected within hours .	the_a	6776
- the shot was fired close by and dust kicked in the air .	- a shot was fired close by and dust kicked in the air .	the_a	6777
The opening chapter about making pastry is detailed , with good line drawings .	An opening chapter about making pastry is detailed , with good line drawings .	the_a	6778
The little bit tougher , but that is fine .	A little bit tougher , but that is fine .	the_a	6779
Just the few more to go .	Just a few more to go .	the_a	6780
The post-mortem examination will be conducted later on Wednesday .	A post-mortem examination will be conducted later on Wednesday .	the_a	6781
For the venerable institution like the Brooklyn Academy these tensions are particularly acute .	For a venerable institution like the Brooklyn Academy these tensions are particularly acute .	the_a	6782
The rare bright spot for the Bills was rookie Marshawn Lynch .	A rare bright spot for the Bills was rookie Marshawn Lynch .	the_a	6783
In January , the new chief executive , John Watkinson , joined .	In January , a new chief executive , John Watkinson , joined .	the_a	6784
The mild reading on consumer prices added to the market 's momentum .	A mild reading on consumer prices added to the market 's momentum .	the_a	6785
The third group received a placebo .	A third group received a placebo .	the_a	6786
The IND filing is planned for 2008 .	An IND filing is planned for 2008 .	the_a	6787
The court case is pending .	A court case is pending .	the_a	6788
the giant am I !	a giant am I !	the_a	6789
The passel of New York publishers had a chance to pick him up .	A passel of New York publishers had a chance to pick him up .	the_a	6790
So the already faltering economy is collapsing .	So an already faltering economy is collapsing .	the_a	6791
The successful male is a dead male .	A successful male is a dead male .	the_a	6792
Such the step would also ordinarily be done months in advance .	Such a step would also ordinarily be done months in advance .	the_a	6793
The final report will be issued in several weeks .	A final report will be issued in several weeks .	the_a	6794
The hearing was set for Dec. 18 .	A hearing was set for Dec. 18 .	the_a	6795
The 24-hour menu is available , though choices are limited after breakfast .	A 24-hour menu is available , though choices are limited after breakfast .	the_a	6796
The formation of the oligarch market will further raise the entry threshold .	The formation of an oligarch market will further raise the entry threshold .	the_a	6797
The play , on the other hand , is not .	A play , on the other hand , is not .	the_a	6798
In each case , only the one-day shift of series would be required .	In each case , only a one-day shift of series would be required .	the_a	6799
And even the lawyer can be a source of valued creative input .	And even a lawyer can be a source of valued creative input .	the_a	6800
The lot can change in the weather between now and then .	A lot can change in the weather between now and then .	the_a	6801
The plane leaves vapor trails as it flies over London .	A plane leaves vapor trails as it flies over London .	the_a	6802
The simple majority from delegates is needed for approval .	A simple majority from delegates is needed for approval .	the_a	6803
The nation deserves to know .	A nation deserves to know .	the_a	6804
The colony can start from just one individual through asexual reproduction .	A colony can start from just one individual through asexual reproduction .	the_a	6805
And for the agency deep in the Bronx , fund-raising was not easy .	And for an agency deep in the Bronx , fund-raising was not easy .	the_a	6806
The strong currency reflects booming commodity exports and sound public finances .	A strong currency reflects booming commodity exports and sound public finances .	the_a	6807
The final approval hearing is scheduled for Feb. 7 , 2008 .	A final approval hearing is scheduled for Feb. 7 , 2008 .	the_a	6808
The further 60 acres might also be for sale .	A further 60 acres might also be for sale .	the_a	6809
The long position is a bet on rising prices .	A long position is a bet on rising prices .	the_a	6810
But the campaign is growing to redress the balance .	But a campaign is growing to redress the balance .	the_a	6811
The number of unusual relationships have emerged .	A number of unusual relationships have emerged .	the_a	6812
The spokesman for Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg declined to comment .	A spokesman for Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg declined to comment .	the_a	6813
The It is kind of a culture shock .	A It is kind of a culture shock .	the_a	6814
The Conservative Party which is trusted with the NHS .	A Conservative Party which is trusted with the NHS .	the_a	6815
Around the dozen private tiger farms operate under government licence .	Around a dozen private tiger farms operate under government licence .	the_a	6816
Jonathan Abady , the lawyer for Higazy , called the ruling important .	Jonathan Abady , a lawyer for Higazy , called the ruling important .	the_a	6817
The act of defiance by the judges could further exacerbate the situation .	An act of defiance by the judges could further exacerbate the situation .	the_a	6818
But the prolonged strike may cause deeper financial problems , analysts say .	But a prolonged strike may cause deeper financial problems , analysts say .	the_a	6819
The sets and costumes , if the little garish , are certainly striking .	The sets and costumes , if a little garish , are certainly striking .	the_a	6820
The case , at the employment tribunal in London , began yesterday .	The case , at an employment tribunal in London , began yesterday .	the_a	6821
The flower falls , tomorrow another will bloom .	A flower falls , tomorrow another will bloom .	the_a	6822
The van is being filled with supplies for distribution .	A van is being filled with supplies for distribution .	the_a	6823
The industry group is already studying such a project .	An industry group is already studying such a project .	the_a	6824
The small guy cannot operate in today 's society .	A small guy cannot operate in today 's society .	the_a	6825
After the brief moment of hesitation , she flashed them .	After a brief moment of hesitation , she flashed them .	the_a	6826
The regional manufacturing report showed some weakness last month .	A regional manufacturing report showed some weakness last month .	the_a	6827
The elderly man 's voice answered on the first or second ring .	An elderly man 's voice answered on the first or second ring .	the_a	6828
The estimated 2.8 million people have COPD .	An estimated 2.8 million people have COPD .	the_a	6829
The Colombian colleague was shot dead during the abduction .	A Colombian colleague was shot dead during the abduction .	the_a	6830
The CONDOMINIUM building under construction in Brooklyn has its own MySpace page .	A CONDOMINIUM building under construction in Brooklyn has its own MySpace page .	the_a	6831
Workshops on the variety of issues will also be staged on the day .	Workshops on a variety of issues will also be staged on the day .	the_a	6832
The prison medical examination later identified the bruises across his body .	A prison medical examination later identified the bruises across his body .	the_a	6833
The representative of TradeWeb could not be reached .	A representative of TradeWeb could not be reached .	the_a	6834
When the baby starts crawling and walking , everything changes for everyone involved .	When a baby starts crawling and walking , everything changes for everyone involved .	the_a	6835
Even the new cathedral has been built .	Even a new cathedral has been built .	the_a	6836
The 53-year-old woman canoeist has drowned in a Cumbrian river .	A 53-year-old woman canoeist has drowned in a Cumbrian river .	the_a	6837
The decorative U and V appeared to waltz with each other .	A decorative U and V appeared to waltz with each other .	the_a	6838
After the wash-out period , the participants switched treatments for another 12 weeks .	After a wash-out period , the participants switched treatments for another 12 weeks .	the_a	6839
The unpopular regime muzzled the nation .	An unpopular regime muzzled the nation .	the_a	6840
Yesterday , the conflicting portrait of Mr. Milton emerged .	Yesterday , a conflicting portrait of Mr. Milton emerged .	the_a	6841
The brother , Bill , was born in 1914 .	A brother , Bill , was born in 1914 .	the_a	6842
Eugene King , the designer from Philadelphia , may typify what Brooks means .	Eugene King , a designer from Philadelphia , may typify what Brooks means .	the_a	6843
The few lenders guarantee their fees ; even fewer guarantee third-party fees .	A few lenders guarantee their fees ; even fewer guarantee third-party fees .	the_a	6844
In the third , the darkened circular room , they meet Lucy .	In the third , a darkened circular room , they meet Lucy .	the_a	6845
National Geographic The Western diplomat hotly disputed that contention .	National Geographic A Western diplomat hotly disputed that contention .	the_a	6846
For the moment , Penn caught himself and started to backpedal .	For a moment , Penn caught himself and started to backpedal .	the_a	6847
Only the estimated 400 Siberian tigers still remain in the wild .	Only an estimated 400 Siberian tigers still remain in the wild .	the_a	6848
The woman walking down the street was also injured by the gunfire .	A woman walking down the street was also injured by the gunfire .	the_a	6849
The car bomb in the southeastern Zafaraniya neighborhood killed four and wounded eight .	A car bomb in the southeastern Zafaraniya neighborhood killed four and wounded eight .	the_a	6850
The couple walked through and left with a price list .	A couple walked through and left with a price list .	the_a	6851
The " trap " is Southern slang for a drug house .	A " trap " is Southern slang for a drug house .	the_a	6852
The medical official said the wounded were being treated at four hospitals .	A medical official said the wounded were being treated at four hospitals .	the_a	6853
, the discount PC maker that eventually was sold to Gateway Inc .	, a discount PC maker that eventually was sold to Gateway Inc .	the_a	6854
The mattress should disperse the heat you are expelling .	A mattress should disperse the heat you are expelling .	the_a	6855
The bus driver was attacked after pulling over at a stop in Shropshire .	A bus driver was attacked after pulling over at a stop in Shropshire .	the_a	6856
The automatic transmission is available for $ 1,100 on all models .	An automatic transmission is available for $ 1,100 on all models .	the_a	6857
The glass of wine may be good for the heart .	A glass of wine may be good for the heart .	the_a	6858
The poolside teahouse offers snacks .	A poolside teahouse offers snacks .	the_a	6859
The shot like that one can go a long way in building confidence .	A shot like that one can go a long way in building confidence .	the_a	6860
But prospects for the significant change in Iraq policy still face major obstacles .	But prospects for a significant change in Iraq policy still face major obstacles .	the_a	6861
The eruption is imminent at the volcano .	An eruption is imminent at the volcano .	the_a	6862
Above the certain level of wealth , the money appears to be secondary .	Above a certain level of wealth , the money appears to be secondary .	the_a	6863
The lot of key information was discarded .	A lot of key information was discarded .	the_a	6864
The retired professor of astronomy taught me how to play .	A retired professor of astronomy taught me how to play .	the_a	6865
Hu Zhi , the public relations agent based in Nanjing , saw it .	Hu Zhi , a public relations agent based in Nanjing , saw it .	the_a	6866
The exorcism seems much easier .	An exorcism seems much easier .	the_a	6867
The bewhiskered squirearchy tore Conservative home secretaries limb from limb .	A bewhiskered squirearchy tore Conservative home secretaries limb from limb .	the_a	6868
The dermatologist was called in to examine her .	A dermatologist was called in to examine her .	the_a	6869
The Perry spokesman did not immediately respond to a question about the incident .	A Perry spokesman did not immediately respond to a question about the incident .	the_a	6870
The former free-fire zone is now a strictly policed no-hunting preserve .	A former free-fire zone is now a strictly policed no-hunting preserve .	the_a	6871
The unnamed British man was also arrested and ordered to pay £ 240 .	An unnamed British man was also arrested and ordered to pay £ 240 .	the_a	6872
The spokeswoman for Young said the congressman would have no comment .	A spokeswoman for Young said the congressman would have no comment .	the_a	6873
The additional 10 % can be earned by taking the project to feasibility .	An additional 10 % can be earned by taking the project to feasibility .	the_a	6874
The consultant radiologist at the Midland Regional Hospital is currently on leave .	A consultant radiologist at the Midland Regional Hospital is currently on leave .	the_a	6875
For the artist like Mr. Cornejo , it is not .	For an artist like Mr. Cornejo , it is not .	the_a	6876
Apart from the haircut , I am spending not a bean .	Apart from a haircut , I am spending not a bean .	the_a	6877
Training for the New Life Through a New Trade Ramirez said .	Training for a New Life Through a New Trade Ramirez said .	the_a	6878
The permanent Free Edition is also available for small businesses .	A permanent Free Edition is also available for small businesses .	the_a	6879
" " Not even the bird could fly over .	" " Not even a bird could fly over .	the_a	6880
Yoojin , the South Korean , student was similarly effusive .	Yoojin , a South Korean , student was similarly effusive .	the_a	6881
Concerns over the possible recession made matters worse .	Concerns over a possible recession made matters worse .	the_a	6882
The few minutes later , three smaller deer followed .	A few minutes later , three smaller deer followed .	the_a	6883
The coin toss sent Celtic through to the next round .	A coin toss sent Celtic through to the next round .	the_a	6884
The scientific committee must first rule before items are removed , she says .	A scientific committee must first rule before items are removed , she says .	the_a	6885
The odometer calculates distance traveled and a gyroscope determines turn rate .	An odometer calculates distance traveled and a gyroscope determines turn rate .	the_a	6886
The allure of the campaign bus for a political reporter is access .	The allure of a campaign bus for a political reporter is access .	the_a	6887
For the long time after that , it had destroyed that .	For a long time after that , it had destroyed that .	the_a	6888
The popular uprising is within reach , she said .	A popular uprising is within reach , she said .	the_a	6889
Dust the flat surface with flour , and unfold pastry onto the surface .	Dust a flat surface with flour , and unfold pastry onto the surface .	the_a	6890
The Visa spokesman declined further comment Wednesday .	A Visa spokesman declined further comment Wednesday .	the_a	6891
But the jury rejected their story and found them guilty of perjury .	But a jury rejected their story and found them guilty of perjury .	the_a	6892
The Australian production will open in November in Melbourne .	An Australian production will open in November in Melbourne .	the_a	6893
The spokesman for the school did not immediately return a call Tuesday .	A spokesman for the school did not immediately return a call Tuesday .	the_a	6894
The jury of 11 will be chosen .	A jury of 11 will be chosen .	the_a	6895
Also , apparently , the lot of them were not orphans .	Also , apparently , a lot of them were not orphans .	the_a	6896
Even the few of the Coyotes joined in tapping their sticks .	Even a few of the Coyotes joined in tapping their sticks .	the_a	6897
The crash survivor who puts things in perspective ( 1 : 20 ) .	A crash survivor who puts things in perspective ( 1 : 20 ) .	the_a	6898
The bank that probably will not is Deutsche .	A bank that probably will not is Deutsche .	the_a	6899
" by the young Minnie Driver replied : " Wrong verb .	" by a young Minnie Driver replied : " Wrong verb .	the_a	6900
But the residual friction is still there , the authors argue .	But a residual friction is still there , the authors argue .	the_a	6901
The dozen condos and four cottages have been built so far .	A dozen condos and four cottages have been built so far .	the_a	6902
The remote underwater vessel is being used to look for the girl .	A remote underwater vessel is being used to look for the girl .	the_a	6903
The post-mortem examination proved inconclusive and further tests have been ordered .	A post-mortem examination proved inconclusive and further tests have been ordered .	the_a	6904
The pool is incredibly expensive to maintain .	A pool is incredibly expensive to maintain .	the_a	6905
Vermont and the dozen other states want to follow California 's lead .	Vermont and a dozen other states want to follow California 's lead .	the_a	6906
Washington Saengerbund , the long-standing German choral group and orchestra , performs .	Washington Saengerbund , a long-standing German choral group and orchestra , performs .	the_a	6907
Only the small proportion are ever charged or convicted of crimes .	Only a small proportion are ever charged or convicted of crimes .	the_a	6908
The constitutional court must confirm the results and can hear any legal challenges .	A constitutional court must confirm the results and can hear any legal challenges .	the_a	6909
The trial service has been operating in Kent and Sussex .	A trial service has been operating in Kent and Sussex .	the_a	6910
The new global trade agreement is also on the summit is agenda .	A new global trade agreement is also on the summit is agenda .	the_a	6911
WHEN the man in a hairnet beckons , who can resist ?	WHEN a man in a hairnet beckons , who can resist ?	the_a	6912
The injury bulletin on Barkley will be issued next Tuesday .	An injury bulletin on Barkley will be issued next Tuesday .	the_a	6913
The after-hours call to David Faustino 's attorney was not immediately returned .	An after-hours call to David Faustino 's attorney was not immediately returned .	the_a	6914
The two-part series by The Times raised questions about the case .	A two-part series by The Times raised questions about the case .	the_a	6915
The investigation was under way .	An investigation was under way .	the_a	6916
For the while I did not want to go back to the studio .	For a while I did not want to go back to the studio .	the_a	6917
The asthma inhaler could inhibit growth .	An asthma inhaler could inhibit growth .	the_a	6918
Meanwhile , the heat wave continues to add to the misery .	Meanwhile , a heat wave continues to add to the misery .	the_a	6919
Seconds after the detonation , the mortar landed in the area as well .	Seconds after the detonation , a mortar landed in the area as well .	the_a	6920
The decision over whether to show the programme is still pending .	A decision over whether to show the programme is still pending .	the_a	6921
The company forecast for 23 percent profit growth this year exceeded some expectations .	A company forecast for 23 percent profit growth this year exceeded some expectations .	the_a	6922
Someone at the gas station actually congratulated me on getting the iPhone .	Someone at a gas station actually congratulated me on getting the iPhone .	the_a	6923
The five-time All-Star , Mussina is signed through the 2008 season .	A five-time All-Star , Mussina is signed through the 2008 season .	the_a	6924
Ghanem , 64 , the lawyer , had been an MP since 2000 .	Ghanem , 64 , a lawyer , had been an MP since 2000 .	the_a	6925
The total of 8.57 million callers are now eligible for refunds .	A total of 8.57 million callers are now eligible for refunds .	the_a	6926
But the lot can be done to prevent teen pregnancy and abortions .	But a lot can be done to prevent teen pregnancy and abortions .	the_a	6927
The unkempt woman stops to offer compliments .	An unkempt woman stops to offer compliments .	the_a	6928
The Thomas More Law Center , the Christian public-interest firm , is assisting .	The Thomas More Law Center , a Christian public-interest firm , is assisting .	the_a	6929
, the book- packaging company she joined in 2006 .	, a book- packaging company she joined in 2006 .	the_a	6930
The meteor strike , and that was the end of them .	A meteor strike , and that was the end of them .	the_a	6931
At the fair valuation , the Board would receive our support .	At a fair valuation , the Board would receive our support .	the_a	6932
The urinalysis and blood work revealed that he had diabetes .	A urinalysis and blood work revealed that he had diabetes .	the_a	6933
The Turkish army convoy heads toward the Turkey-Iraq border on Monday .	A Turkish army convoy heads toward the Turkey-Iraq border on Monday .	the_a	6934
The gay son is handed a chocolate penis .	A gay son is handed a chocolate penis .	the_a	6935
The visit will turn all your ideas of garden design on their heads .	A visit will turn all your ideas of garden design on their heads .	the_a	6936
The former children 's ward was being used for adults .	A former children 's ward was being used for adults .	the_a	6937
Every day , often twice the day , I pass the old Renaissance .	Every day , often twice a day , I pass the old Renaissance .	the_a	6938
With chronic pain , the persistent physical cause often cannot be determined .	With chronic pain , a persistent physical cause often cannot be determined .	the_a	6939
The makeshift bomb exploded near their vehicle in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near their vehicle in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	the_a	6940
The post-mortem examination was due to take place on Monday .	A post-mortem examination was due to take place on Monday .	the_a	6941
The oil ministry spokesman declined to comment on the court 's ruling .	An oil ministry spokesman declined to comment on the court 's ruling .	the_a	6942
The favorable exchange rate added $ 32.4 million to the total .	A favorable exchange rate added $ 32.4 million to the total .	the_a	6943
Mix white bread and cornbread together into the bowl and set aside .	Mix white bread and cornbread together into a bowl and set aside .	the_a	6944
Or in the church explaining how faith keeps him grounded .	Or in a church explaining how faith keeps him grounded .	the_a	6945
The judge said last December that the claims of elder abuse were unsubstantiated .	A judge said last December that the claims of elder abuse were unsubstantiated .	the_a	6946
The autographed T-shirt was not good enough for him ?	An autographed T-shirt was not good enough for him ?	the_a	6947
About halfway around the island , the stone fence encircles several tombstones .	About halfway around the island , a stone fence encircles several tombstones .	the_a	6948
The match ignites the hydrogen , generating an intense flame .	A match ignites the hydrogen , generating an intense flame .	the_a	6949
The daughter , Julie , died in 1989 .	A daughter , Julie , died in 1989 .	the_a	6950
In the matter of months they have all seen SWFs take meaty stakes .	In a matter of months they have all seen SWFs take meaty stakes .	the_a	6951
In the single night Robin Hood hauls in $ 48 million .	In a single night Robin Hood hauls in $ 48 million .	the_a	6952
The pumpkin stand was busy as folks readied for Halloween .	A pumpkin stand was busy as folks readied for Halloween .	the_a	6953
The post-mortem examination revealed she died from pancreatic failure .	A post-mortem examination revealed she died from pancreatic failure .	the_a	6954
In the all-Japanese clash , Akiko Morigami beat Aiko Nakamura 7-5 , 6-3 .	In an all-Japanese clash , Akiko Morigami beat Aiko Nakamura 7-5 , 6-3 .	the_a	6955
, the biomedical business that produces enzyme- based therapeutic drugs .	, a biomedical business that produces enzyme- based therapeutic drugs .	the_a	6956
More than the third of teachers say they do not trust their principals .	More than a third of teachers say they do not trust their principals .	the_a	6957
But at the news conference on Sunday he hit back at his critics .	But at a news conference on Sunday he hit back at his critics .	the_a	6958
The fish dish was tasteless .	A fish dish was tasteless .	the_a	6959
More than the dozen fights have broken out at Coolidge since January .	More than a dozen fights have broken out at Coolidge since January .	the_a	6960
The Labor government would also leave Australian troops in Afghanistan .	A Labor government would also leave Australian troops in Afghanistan .	the_a	6961
Such the move would have heightened pressure on wavering Republicans , she said .	Such a move would have heightened pressure on wavering Republicans , she said .	the_a	6962
The Army interpreter picked up , pretending to be the phone 's owner .	An Army interpreter picked up , pretending to be the phone 's owner .	the_a	6963
So the effective vaccine would have massive life-saving potential .	So an effective vaccine would have massive life-saving potential .	the_a	6964
The big issue is the distinction between standards and censorship .	A big issue is the distinction between standards and censorship .	the_a	6965
The spokesman for Mrs. Clinton declined to comment .	A spokesman for Mrs. Clinton declined to comment .	the_a	6966
C the m e r o n received praise from an unexpected quarter .	C a m e r o n received praise from an unexpected quarter .	the_a	6967
The man has died after a fire in a caravan in County Monaghan .	A man has died after a fire in a caravan in County Monaghan .	the_a	6968
But with the 34-yard field goal by Matt Harmon , Navy crept closer .	But with a 34-yard field goal by Matt Harmon , Navy crept closer .	the_a	6969
In the Aug. 23 letter to Lee , Coates requested a meeting .	In an Aug. 23 letter to Lee , Coates requested a meeting .	the_a	6970
The child will be starting at university .	A child will be starting at university .	the_a	6971
The post mortem examination showed he had been stabbed several times .	A post mortem examination showed he had been stabbed several times .	the_a	6972
The further 14 people were listed as missing .	A further 14 people were listed as missing .	the_a	6973
The I.C.E. spokesman , Marc Raimondi , said deportation proceedings would begin immediately .	An I.C.E. spokesman , Marc Raimondi , said deportation proceedings would begin immediately .	the_a	6974
The conscientious objector exemption was introduced to the 1898 legislation .	A conscientious objector exemption was introduced to the 1898 legislation .	the_a	6975
The edited transcript of the conversation follows .	An edited transcript of the conversation follows .	the_a	6976
After the new C.E.O. joined Danger , Mr. Rubin decided to leave .	After a new C.E.O. joined Danger , Mr. Rubin decided to leave .	the_a	6977
, the top quality official said Monday .	, a top quality official said Monday .	the_a	6978
The few months later , Tyler died at age 90 .	A few months later , Tyler died at age 90 .	the_a	6979
The judge dismissed other charges against him , including driving while intoxicated .	A judge dismissed other charges against him , including driving while intoxicated .	the_a	6980
After the week or so of lekking , that is it .	After a week or so of lekking , that is it .	the_a	6981
The message left on the answering machine at his residence was not returned .	A message left on the answering machine at his residence was not returned .	the_a	6982
Regardless , the jury may never get chance to hear Hoffman 's case .	Regardless , a jury may never get chance to hear Hoffman 's case .	the_a	6983
The month later the two former KGB officers met at Oxford Circus .	A month later the two former KGB officers met at Oxford Circus .	the_a	6984
The total of £ 600,000 goes towards the Kelloholm project .	A total of £ 600,000 goes towards the Kelloholm project .	the_a	6985
But the Supreme Court ruling may help them change their minds .	But a Supreme Court ruling may help them change their minds .	the_a	6986
The sense of betrayal can become more compelling than other issues .	A sense of betrayal can become more compelling than other issues .	the_a	6987
In the season they will never forget .	In a season they will never forget .	the_a	6988
The spokesman for the NCTC declined comment .	A spokesman for the NCTC declined comment .	the_a	6989
The referendum was promised .	A referendum was promised .	the_a	6990
Signs of the broader downturn are beginning to appear .	Signs of a broader downturn are beginning to appear .	the_a	6991
The few more Christmases would pass before these wishes came true .	A few more Christmases would pass before these wishes came true .	the_a	6992
The has been charged with attempted murder following an incident in Wick .	A has been charged with attempted murder following an incident in Wick .	the_a	6993
" The child says , " You promised me .	" A child says , " You promised me .	the_a	6994
Sometimes when the soul of the nation speaks , we must listen .	Sometimes when the soul of a nation speaks , we must listen .	the_a	6995
The few monks expressed their dissatisfaction to members of the government .	A few monks expressed their dissatisfaction to members of the government .	the_a	6996
Often the woman is not more attractive , her hair is just longer .	Often a woman is not more attractive , her hair is just longer .	the_a	6997
The new paramedic response car will be on Guernsey 's roads from Thursday .	A new paramedic response car will be on Guernsey 's roads from Thursday .	the_a	6998
The spokeswoman for Little did not immediately return a message seeking comment .	A spokeswoman for Little did not immediately return a message seeking comment .	the_a	6999
Then the fight breaks out over a coveted toy .	Then a fight breaks out over a coveted toy .	the_a	7000
The puppeteer and choreographer named Mak Wilson worked the controls .	A puppeteer and choreographer named Mak Wilson worked the controls .	the_a	7001
The curfew in Siliguri continued for a second day on Saturday .	A curfew in Siliguri continued for a second day on Saturday .	the_a	7002
The man and a woman have been questioned and released on police bail .	A man and a woman have been questioned and released on police bail .	the_a	7003
Efforts to broker the resolution to the crisis are continuing .	Efforts to broker a resolution to the crisis are continuing .	the_a	7004
The halfway representative government might also start healing Pakistani grievances .	A halfway representative government might also start healing Pakistani grievances .	the_a	7005
The quick lustration might have followed the handover of power .	A quick lustration might have followed the handover of power .	the_a	7006
Formerly the avid BlackBerry user , he retired the device in June .	Formerly an avid BlackBerry user , he retired the device in June .	the_a	7007
The product , the antimalaria sleeping net , was literally a lifesaver .	The product , an antimalaria sleeping net , was literally a lifesaver .	the_a	7008
The PHH spokeswoman could not be reached for comment .	A PHH spokeswoman could not be reached for comment .	the_a	7009
The tiny cafe occupies another .	A tiny cafe occupies another .	the_a	7010
The replay of the call will be available through November 23 , 2007 .	A replay of the call will be available through November 23 , 2007 .	the_a	7011
The seventh victim was in a critical condition in hospital .	A seventh victim was in a critical condition in hospital .	the_a	7012
The spokesman for Devon and Cornwall Police said no other vehicles were involved .	A spokesman for Devon and Cornwall Police said no other vehicles were involved .	the_a	7013
The financial panic is not just a big price decline .	A financial panic is not just a big price decline .	the_a	7014
The military panel Friday acquitted U.S. Army Spc .	A military panel Friday acquitted U.S. Army Spc .	the_a	7015
The publicity stunt is suspected , but for what remains unknown .	A publicity stunt is suspected , but for what remains unknown .	the_a	7016
But after the few months , the candy was nowhere to be seen .	But after a few months , the candy was nowhere to be seen .	the_a	7017
The gay man fired his home health aide .	A gay man fired his home health aide .	the_a	7018
The guy hands me a fresh stack of leaflets .	A guy hands me a fresh stack of leaflets .	the_a	7019
the testament to their will to live and learn .	a testament to their will to live and learn .	the_a	7020
The subsequent search of Williams 's home turned up additional child pornography .	A subsequent search of Williams 's home turned up additional child pornography .	the_a	7021
10 from exile on the declared mission to force Musharraf from power .	10 from exile on a declared mission to force Musharraf from power .	the_a	7022
Such the policy would run contrary to the hopes of the Bush administration .	Such a policy would run contrary to the hopes of the Bush administration .	the_a	7023
The question and answer session will follow .	A question and answer session will follow .	the_a	7024
And in the sense , they are .	And in a sense , they are .	the_a	7025
Despite the extensive search , no trace of Madeleine has been found .	Despite an extensive search , no trace of Madeleine has been found .	the_a	7026
Wang , the native of China who lived in Springfield , died Monday .	Wang , a native of China who lived in Springfield , died Monday .	the_a	7027
The French news agency reported that at least three people were killed .	A French news agency reported that at least three people were killed .	the_a	7028
The range of opinions seems authentic .	A range of opinions seems authentic .	the_a	7029
The I do not know .	A I do not know .	the_a	7030
The premature drawdown of our forces would likely have devastating consequences .	A premature drawdown of our forces would likely have devastating consequences .	the_a	7031
, the lipids researcher who spoke out against the McGovern committee 's report .	, a lipids researcher who spoke out against the McGovern committee 's report .	the_a	7032
The top half of the toe was blown off .	The top half of a toe was blown off .	the_a	7033
, The Singapore State-owned Investment Group , Was Buying A 4 .	, A Singapore State-owned Investment Group , Was Buying A 4 .	the_a	7034
Instead , the most critical number for the laptop is its weight .	Instead , the most critical number for a laptop is its weight .	the_a	7035
Shortly into the 40-minute ride , the blind man got on .	Shortly into the 40-minute ride , a blind man got on .	the_a	7036
Sometimes , the piece can be sold simply for its scrap value .	Sometimes , a piece can be sold simply for its scrap value .	the_a	7037
G.M. ' s quest for the Camry-Accord fighter has been a long battle .	G.M. ' s quest for a Camry-Accord fighter has been a long battle .	the_a	7038
The driver earlier reported seeing several pieces of concrete near Busby station .	A driver earlier reported seeing several pieces of concrete near Busby station .	the_a	7039
The battle is being fought in Iraq .	A battle is being fought in Iraq .	the_a	7040
The investigation has been launched into the incident .	An investigation has been launched into the incident .	the_a	7041
The replay of the conference will be available from TORM 's website .	A replay of the conference will be available from TORM 's website .	the_a	7042
The week later , however , she said it was not .	A week later , however , she said it was not .	the_a	7043
The stronger yuan makes Chinese exports more expensive overseas .	A stronger yuan makes Chinese exports more expensive overseas .	the_a	7044
The call to Asner 's manager seeking comment was not immediately returned .	A call to Asner 's manager seeking comment was not immediately returned .	the_a	7045
Blood , the handcuff key and marijuana were found on board .	Blood , a handcuff key and marijuana were found on board .	the_a	7046
The reality check is better than an oil change .	A reality check is better than an oil change .	the_a	7047
Imedi and the smaller station Kavkasia remained off the air .	Imedi and a smaller station Kavkasia remained off the air .	the_a	7048
The third will provide child care for working families .	A third will provide child care for working families .	the_a	7049
The judge set bail at $ 32,000 .	A judge set bail at $ 32,000 .	the_a	7050
In addition , the recent restructuring may help improve sale productivity .	In addition , a recent restructuring may help improve sale productivity .	the_a	7051
The second cause is the firm 's business model .	A second cause is the firm 's business model .	the_a	7052
The few months later , George W. Bush was elected President .	A few months later , George W. Bush was elected President .	the_a	7053
Calls to the InfoUSA spokesman were not returned .	Calls to an InfoUSA spokesman were not returned .	the_a	7054
The second 72-hour strike is scheduled to start on September 10 .	A second 72-hour strike is scheduled to start on September 10 .	the_a	7055
The big focus of their research is local soil erosion .	A big focus of their research is local soil erosion .	the_a	7056
The course in coffee making is being launched by a college .	A course in coffee making is being launched by a college .	the_a	7057
The full exhaust system for an M3 costs BMW £ 76 .	A full exhaust system for an M3 costs BMW £ 76 .	the_a	7058
The decade went by .	A decade went by .	the_a	7059
The education room for schools will also be provided .	An education room for schools will also be provided .	the_a	7060
The jury returned a majority not proven verdict after a trial .	A jury returned a majority not proven verdict after a trial .	the_a	7061
The lot of people feel abandoned .	A lot of people feel abandoned .	the_a	7062
The much-hyped Godfather game title , for example , fizzled last year .	A much-hyped Godfather game title , for example , fizzled last year .	the_a	7063
The majority of the product was isolated in the warehouse .	A majority of the product was isolated in the warehouse .	the_a	7064
But the subdued property market will always boost rentals .	But a subdued property market will always boost rentals .	the_a	7065
The cheaper yuan allows China to flood the world with its exports .	A cheaper yuan allows China to flood the world with its exports .	the_a	7066
Just the underlying creepy vibe : What is the truth with this show ?	Just an underlying creepy vibe : What is the truth with this show ?	the_a	7067
The CAT scan revealed the sponge left inside Chambers .	A CAT scan revealed the sponge left inside Chambers .	the_a	7068
The local official said that no evacuation had been ordered .	A local official said that no evacuation had been ordered .	the_a	7069
The ferry system would actually be a foray back to the future .	A ferry system would actually be a foray back to the future .	the_a	7070
The case of oversimplification , you say ?	A case of oversimplification , you say ?	the_a	7071
The school in McAllen , Texas , will happily take them .	A school in McAllen , Texas , will happily take them .	the_a	7072
The PSC spokesman declined to comment .	A PSC spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	7073
However , the substantial difference observed in hippocampal volume did approach statistical significance .	However , a substantial difference observed in hippocampal volume did approach statistical significance .	the_a	7074
The suicide attack at the campaign rally apparently killed at least 22 others .	The suicide attack at a campaign rally apparently killed at least 22 others .	the_a	7075
The consultation paper and questionnaire has already been sent to organisations across Wales .	A consultation paper and questionnaire has already been sent to organisations across Wales .	the_a	7076
· Assess the ability of the procedure to obtain reliable results .	· Assess the ability of a procedure to obtain reliable results .	the_a	7077
But the wonderful move saw Everton double their lead just before the hour .	But a wonderful move saw Everton double their lead just before the hour .	the_a	7078
The simple frontal test varies little from facility to facility .	A simple frontal test varies little from facility to facility .	the_a	7079
The modest increase was recorded in Germany .	A modest increase was recorded in Germany .	the_a	7080
And now the club are withholding their pledge on principle .	And now a club are withholding their pledge on principle .	the_a	7081
The telephone replay will be available at 888-567-0045 until September 6 , 2007 .	A telephone replay will be available at 888-567-0045 until September 6 , 2007 .	the_a	7082
The typical Tesco supermarket is 12,000 sq m .	A typical Tesco supermarket is 12,000 sq m .	the_a	7083
The controversial film that PBS axed from its documentary series about the post-Sept .	A controversial film that PBS axed from its documentary series about the post-Sept .	the_a	7084
The statement from USA Track & Field said Shay immediately received CPR .	A statement from USA Track & Field said Shay immediately received CPR .	the_a	7085
The fund is being set up in school in memory of Dinah .	A fund is being set up in school in memory of Dinah .	the_a	7086
The 10-year-old Roddick was among the capacity crowds .	A 10-year-old Roddick was among the capacity crowds .	the_a	7087
WHAT the lot we have got .	WHAT a lot we have got .	the_a	7088
The 33-year-old man has been shot dead outside a pub , police said .	A 33-year-old man has been shot dead outside a pub , police said .	the_a	7089
The new grade was added each year .	A new grade was added each year .	the_a	7090
The alternate plan would raise fares for peak hours and lower them off-peak .	An alternate plan would raise fares for peak hours and lower them off-peak .	the_a	7091
The edited version of a three-hour conversation follows .	An edited version of a three-hour conversation follows .	the_a	7092
The message was left seeking comment from Skiles .	A message was left seeking comment from Skiles .	the_a	7093
The chores chart was made , and diligently filled in .	A chores chart was made , and diligently filled in .	the_a	7094
Thomas , the former Portsmouth University business studies undergraduate , had denied murder .	Thomas , a former Portsmouth University business studies undergraduate , had denied murder .	the_a	7095
The call seeking comment from the FBI was not immediately returned Monday .	A call seeking comment from the FBI was not immediately returned Monday .	the_a	7096
The additional guest pass may be purchased for $ 15.00 .	An additional guest pass may be purchased for $ 15.00 .	the_a	7097
The message for comment left with the network was not returned Wednesday .	A message for comment left with the network was not returned Wednesday .	the_a	7098
The surprised Beaver pulls his head back .	A surprised Beaver pulls his head back .	the_a	7099
The quarter have to prepare Christmas lunch - if they have one .	A quarter have to prepare Christmas lunch - if they have one .	the_a	7100
The strike would not immediately impact film or prime-time TV production .	A strike would not immediately impact film or prime-time TV production .	the_a	7101
The dog was also critically wounded , Tranter said .	A dog was also critically wounded , Tranter said .	the_a	7102
Conventionally , the book is written and published .	Conventionally , a book is written and published .	the_a	7103
The recent shakeup is helping , but there is still room for improvement .	A recent shakeup is helping , but there is still room for improvement .	the_a	7104
The chimney and fireplace product company in Iowa already has the name trademarked .	A chimney and fireplace product company in Iowa already has the name trademarked .	the_a	7105
About the billion adults worldwide have elevated blood pressure .	About a billion adults worldwide have elevated blood pressure .	the_a	7106
The federal court earlier had rejected that appeal on standing grounds .	A federal court earlier had rejected that appeal on standing grounds .	the_a	7107
The small car might be economical in terms of money spent for gasoline .	A small car might be economical in terms of money spent for gasoline .	the_a	7108
The longer-tapered scheme such as I propose would answer that criticism .	A longer-tapered scheme such as I propose would answer that criticism .	the_a	7109
The Unfortunately , the answer is no .	A Unfortunately , the answer is no .	the_a	7110
Michael Coe , the AT & T spokesman , would not say .	Michael Coe , an AT & T spokesman , would not say .	the_a	7111
But the lot could be done to prevent cross-border raids .	But a lot could be done to prevent cross-border raids .	the_a	7112
The The stuff you 've heard about rejoices in the brand name Slime .	A The stuff you 've heard about rejoices in the brand name Slime .	the_a	7113
To the certain extent , they are still ongoing .	To a certain extent , they are still ongoing .	the_a	7114
The year later , the bureau abandoned the analysis .	A year later , the bureau abandoned the analysis .	the_a	7115
The influx of commuters in small communities also puts stress on local infrastructure .	An influx of commuters in small communities also puts stress on local infrastructure .	the_a	7116
The presidential candidate shows no mercy for Larry Craig .	A presidential candidate shows no mercy for Larry Craig .	the_a	7117
In the way , he is right .	In a way , he is right .	the_a	7118
The decision has been put off until November at least .	A decision has been put off until November at least .	the_a	7119
Allan Stevenson , the retired actor , had a nightly routine .	Allan Stevenson , a retired actor , had a nightly routine .	the_a	7120
The U.S.-sponsored international conference is scheduled in November .	A U.S.-sponsored international conference is scheduled in November .	the_a	7121
The few weeks later , he announced he would not run for re-election .	A few weeks later , he announced he would not run for re-election .	the_a	7122
The reading above 50 indicates expansion , while one below that indicates contraction .	A reading above 50 indicates expansion , while one below that indicates contraction .	the_a	7123
The grand jury refused to indict Pou , a decision Foti criticized .	A grand jury refused to indict Pou , a decision Foti criticized .	the_a	7124
The CT scan was ordered .	A CT scan was ordered .	the_a	7125
What the difference a subprime mortgage crisis can make .	What a difference a subprime mortgage crisis can make .	the_a	7126
The points deduction is unlikely .	A points deduction is unlikely .	the_a	7127
The terse denial inaugurated a latter-day industry of vice-presidential vetting .	A terse denial inaugurated a latter-day industry of vice-presidential vetting .	the_a	7128
Thus the quirky and hard-to-categorize design object becomes a useful domestic tool .	Thus a quirky and hard-to-categorize design object becomes a useful domestic tool .	the_a	7129
The man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering Nicola Payne .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering Nicola Payne .	the_a	7130
Australia v Canada The electrified wire runs along the inside of the fence .	Australia v Canada An electrified wire runs along the inside of the fence .	the_a	7131
The stellar vein of such contribution was in the field of astronomy .	A stellar vein of such contribution was in the field of astronomy .	the_a	7132
However , the full bid is not believed to be imminent .	However , a full bid is not believed to be imminent .	the_a	7133
The week later , they will be generally available on the Web .	A week later , they will be generally available on the Web .	the_a	7134
The report is expected within a month .	A report is expected within a month .	the_a	7135
The competition has been opened to find Guernsey 's top artist for 2007 .	A competition has been opened to find Guernsey 's top artist for 2007 .	the_a	7136
The tornado touched down in Pensacola , Fla .	A tornado touched down in Pensacola , Fla .	the_a	7137
The major thrust of his campaign is a promise to resurrect school prayer .	A major thrust of his campaign is a promise to resurrect school prayer .	the_a	7138
In the few days , our Nation will celebrate Thanksgiving .	In a few days , our Nation will celebrate Thanksgiving .	the_a	7139
The newer , more reliable alternative is Citizendium ( en.citizendium.org ) .	A newer , more reliable alternative is Citizendium ( en.citizendium.org ) .	the_a	7140
The fourth crew member was rescued .	A fourth crew member was rescued .	the_a	7141
And the lot of these things make economic sense .	And a lot of these things make economic sense .	the_a	7142
The dance captain was giving some of the cast personalized notes .	A dance captain was giving some of the cast personalized notes .	the_a	7143
The cliche was born - the Spain of tambourines and castanets .	A cliche was born - the Spain of tambourines and castanets .	the_a	7144
M.H. : With the older house , quality workmanship will pay off .	M.H. : With an older house , quality workmanship will pay off .	the_a	7145
The passerby heard her screams for help and ran to assist .	A passerby heard her screams for help and ran to assist .	the_a	7146
, the place he hated .	, a place he hated .	the_a	7147
Al-Qaeda and the Libyan armed group announced their alliance in the same recording .	Al-Qaeda and a Libyan armed group announced their alliance in the same recording .	the_a	7148
The few years later , he realised he had a problem .	A few years later , he realised he had a problem .	the_a	7149
The judge later ordered their release .	A judge later ordered their release .	the_a	7150
The message left at the public defender 's office was not immediately returned .	A message left at the public defender 's office was not immediately returned .	the_a	7151
The Vitamin Worth A Second Look It is becoming extremely localized .	A Vitamin Worth A Second Look It is becoming extremely localized .	the_a	7152
The fruit-heavy dessert and glass of sweet mint tea provide the coda .	A fruit-heavy dessert and glass of sweet mint tea provide the coda .	the_a	7153
The November 20 hearing for dismissal of the suit is scheduled .	A November 20 hearing for dismissal of the suit is scheduled .	the_a	7154
The spokeswoman for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office declined to comment .	the_a	7155
The four-course pairing dinner will be served in the log cabin-styled Steamers restaurant .	A four-course pairing dinner will be served in the log cabin-styled Steamers restaurant .	the_a	7156
The man has died in a road accident in Herefordshire .	A man has died in a road accident in Herefordshire .	the_a	7157
The sweep of the facilities will be done and a written checklist followed .	A sweep of the facilities will be done and a written checklist followed .	the_a	7158
In the Handel opera you are singing the same words over and over .	In a Handel opera you are singing the same words over and over .	the_a	7159
The ripping yarn it may be , but a hero is missing .	A ripping yarn it may be , but a hero is missing .	the_a	7160
Higher rates , the tool to combat inflation , can strengthen a currency .	Higher rates , a tool to combat inflation , can strengthen a currency .	the_a	7161
But the gulf remains over the program 's cost .	But a gulf remains over the program 's cost .	the_a	7162
The chagrined Howard Krongard returned to the witness stand .	A chagrined Howard Krongard returned to the witness stand .	the_a	7163
About the dozen rebel groups are now believed to exist .	About a dozen rebel groups are now believed to exist .	the_a	7164
, the town of 2,231 that is 80 miles southwest of Baton Rouge .	, a town of 2,231 that is 80 miles southwest of Baton Rouge .	the_a	7165
The former mayor and his wife were convicted of benefit fraud .	A former mayor and his wife were convicted of benefit fraud .	the_a	7166
The inquiry said the August outbreak spread from a nearby laboratory site .	An inquiry said the August outbreak spread from a nearby laboratory site .	the_a	7167
The Short Season of Long Summer Days It is in short track .	A Short Season of Long Summer Days It is in short track .	the_a	7168
The Small World has lost its intimate feel , Mr. Marafie charged .	A Small World has lost its intimate feel , Mr. Marafie charged .	the_a	7169
Overhead , the canopy of trees blots the sunlight .	Overhead , a canopy of trees blots the sunlight .	the_a	7170
The number of stocks , Qinetiq and Lonmin , were possible takeover targets .	A number of stocks , Qinetiq and Lonmin , were possible takeover targets .	the_a	7171
The place among the replacements is still a very important role .	A place among the replacements is still a very important role .	the_a	7172
How the candidate handles such moments can be revealing .	How a candidate handles such moments can be revealing .	the_a	7173
The number of local companies have taken up that cause .	A number of local companies have taken up that cause .	the_a	7174
The foreigner visiting Russia with a tourist visa cannot work here .	A foreigner visiting Russia with a tourist visa cannot work here .	the_a	7175
id = 1846302007 Wouldn 't the half-dozen meet the needs of any child ?	id = 1846302007 Wouldn 't a half-dozen meet the needs of any child ?	the_a	7176
The lot of people wanted to see me out there on the court .	A lot of people wanted to see me out there on the court .	the_a	7177
But the slew of issues drive likely GOP caucus-goers .	But a slew of issues drive likely GOP caucus-goers .	the_a	7178
The disco ball , it appears , has shattered on her head .	A disco ball , it appears , has shattered on her head .	the_a	7179
The reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA is included below .	A reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA is included below .	the_a	7180
Smith , the retired electrical engineer , said carving underwater is not easy .	Smith , a retired electrical engineer , said carving underwater is not easy .	the_a	7181
Even the prominent birthmark was often taken as a sure sign of witchcraft .	Even a prominent birthmark was often taken as a sure sign of witchcraft .	the_a	7182
And , the helmet that could help detect concussions .	And , a helmet that could help detect concussions .	the_a	7183
The woman walking her dog discovered Mr Kerr , who died later .	A woman walking her dog discovered Mr Kerr , who died later .	the_a	7184
The GROUP of teachers presented this information to administrators in September 2006 .	A GROUP of teachers presented this information to administrators in September 2006 .	the_a	7185
The dress , with the belled skirt , is only a little transparent .	The dress , with a belled skirt , is only a little transparent .	the_a	7186
The spokesman for the Texas pension fund declined to comment .	A spokesman for the Texas pension fund declined to comment .	the_a	7187
In 1994 the museum devoted to absinthe opened in Auvers-sur-Oise , outside Paris .	In 1994 a museum devoted to absinthe opened in Auvers-sur-Oise , outside Paris .	the_a	7188
Yossi Beilin , the Labor MP , wants to be cremated .	Yossi Beilin , a Labor MP , wants to be cremated .	the_a	7189
The phone message left for the group was not returned early Wednesday .	A phone message left for the group was not returned early Wednesday .	the_a	7190
The included pilot and three additional figures help children create exciting airborne adventures .	An included pilot and three additional figures help children create exciting airborne adventures .	the_a	7191
The new Zogby Poll out today shows the race in Iowa is tightening .	A new Zogby Poll out today shows the race in Iowa is tightening .	the_a	7192
For every positive step , the negative one follows .	For every positive step , a negative one follows .	the_a	7193
The film star was arrested , and others targeted included entrepreneurs and professionals .	A film star was arrested , and others targeted included entrepreneurs and professionals .	the_a	7194
The 26-year-old student was punched and abused in a park near Brenner Road .	A 26-year-old student was punched and abused in a park near Brenner Road .	the_a	7195
The police forensic evidence team is examining a car found in the area .	A police forensic evidence team is examining a car found in the area .	the_a	7196
On the longer-term basis we expect even greater savings .	On a longer-term basis we expect even greater savings .	the_a	7197
The report released earlier this month showed that new-job creation stalled in August .	A report released earlier this month showed that new-job creation stalled in August .	the_a	7198
The prime example is Unrest .	A prime example is Unrest .	the_a	7199
The trial date is set for Jan. 28 , Usmagazine.com said .	A trial date is set for Jan. 28 , Usmagazine.com said .	the_a	7200
The additional cash component is due for payment by January 25 , 2008 .	An additional cash component is due for payment by January 25 , 2008 .	the_a	7201
Estonia The autopsy is planned for Friday .	Estonia An autopsy is planned for Friday .	the_a	7202
The halfway resolution of this scandal is not enough .	A halfway resolution of this scandal is not enough .	the_a	7203
Last year the staggering 1,900 South Africans were murdered .	Last year a staggering 1,900 South Africans were murdered .	the_a	7204
Jackson , the sophomore center , was suspended for six games .	Jackson , a sophomore center , was suspended for six games .	the_a	7205
The bridge was built connecting the islands to the shore .	A bridge was built connecting the islands to the shore .	the_a	7206
The reintroduction program was started in 1989 .	A reintroduction program was started in 1989 .	the_a	7207
However , the stretch of the beach on Fisher Island is public .	However , a stretch of the beach on Fisher Island is public .	the_a	7208
The man has died after a crash on the Isle of Wight .	A man has died after a crash on the Isle of Wight .	the_a	7209
The third Democrat , John Edwards also got into the action .	A third Democrat , John Edwards also got into the action .	the_a	7210
The few weeks into my search , I found another opportunity .	A few weeks into my search , I found another opportunity .	the_a	7211
Or the scene from a book she would written ?	Or a scene from a book she would written ?	the_a	7212
The parliamentary election is due by mid-January .	A parliamentary election is due by mid-January .	the_a	7213
The number of Republicans crossed party lines to vote with the Democratic majority .	A number of Republicans crossed party lines to vote with the Democratic majority .	the_a	7214
The school district canceled classes because of the chemical spill .	A school district canceled classes because of the chemical spill .	the_a	7215
The draft U.N. plan would have given Kosovo internationally supervised statehood .	A draft U.N. plan would have given Kosovo internationally supervised statehood .	the_a	7216
The lot of times , it is one play .	A lot of times , it is one play .	the_a	7217
The 16-year-old boy has been found shot dead in a recreation area .	A 16-year-old boy has been found shot dead in a recreation area .	the_a	7218
At such the moment the nose-opener has gained control .	At such a moment the nose-opener has gained control .	the_a	7219
1949 - The new constitution strengthens the power of the president .	1949 - A new constitution strengthens the power of the president .	the_a	7220
The AS yet largely unknown creature is stirring in the financial undergrowth .	AN AS yet largely unknown creature is stirring in the financial undergrowth .	the_a	7221
The separate survey by Ernst & Young suggests growth of 4.5 percent .	A separate survey by Ernst & Young suggests growth of 4.5 percent .	the_a	7222
The Blackwater spokeswoman did not return phone and e-mail messages seeking comment .	A Blackwater spokeswoman did not return phone and e-mail messages seeking comment .	the_a	7223
Somewhere , the cellphone rang .	Somewhere , a cellphone rang .	the_a	7224
The seventh person was critically injured .	A seventh person was critically injured .	the_a	7225
The vault belonging to the notorious gangster was opened in 1986 on TV .	A vault belonging to the notorious gangster was opened in 1986 on TV .	the_a	7226
But from the energy efficiency perspective , they are duds .	But from an energy efficiency perspective , they are duds .	the_a	7227
The number of arrests were made .	A number of arrests were made .	the_a	7228
In the statement , the newspaper said its story spoke for itself .	In a statement , the newspaper said its story spoke for itself .	the_a	7229
In the cutthroat profession , Prosser was an anomaly .	In a cutthroat profession , Prosser was an anomaly .	the_a	7230
The colleague was posted at the front entrance .	A colleague was posted at the front entrance .	the_a	7231
The .38-caliber Colt Special was found at slain actress Lana Clarkson 's feet .	A .38-caliber Colt Special was found at slain actress Lana Clarkson 's feet .	the_a	7232
The " wild-card " question came from Maher .	A " wild-card " question came from Maher .	the_a	7233
The central heating system is almost always a more efficient source of warmth .	A central heating system is almost always a more efficient source of warmth .	the_a	7234
But the drought will sneak up on you .	But a drought will sneak up on you .	the_a	7235
The segment is defined as one takeoff and one landing .	A segment is defined as one takeoff and one landing .	the_a	7236
The harbor means restricted waterway .	A harbor means restricted waterway .	the_a	7237
The pilot was made in the mid-1960s was mauled by the critics .	A pilot was made in the mid-1960s was mauled by the critics .	the_a	7238
Shibley Telhami , the Mideast scholar at the University of Maryland , agreed .	Shibley Telhami , a Mideast scholar at the University of Maryland , agreed .	the_a	7239
The volunteer rescue group shuttled the cat back to its owner Wednesday .	A volunteer rescue group shuttled the cat back to its owner Wednesday .	the_a	7240
The Q & A session will follow .	A Q & A session will follow .	the_a	7241
The even greater revelation was Andrés Segovia .	An even greater revelation was Andrés Segovia .	the_a	7242
In the interview , he described Ms. Musawi as open-minded .	In an interview , he described Ms. Musawi as open-minded .	the_a	7243
The waiter spotted me and waved his fingers in mock scolding .	A waiter spotted me and waved his fingers in mock scolding .	the_a	7244
The night earlier , Maria Sharapova was positively giddy .	A night earlier , Maria Sharapova was positively giddy .	the_a	7245
The Federal-style clunker is smack up against a lighter-than-air Italian villa .	A Federal-style clunker is smack up against a lighter-than-air Italian villa .	the_a	7246
Virtually anytime the team has faced elimination , they have succumbed to it .	Virtually anytime a team has faced elimination , they have succumbed to it .	the_a	7247
The emergency sounds more palatable to international opinion .	An emergency sounds more palatable to international opinion .	the_a	7248
The full neurological recovery was bleak , dismal .	A full neurological recovery was bleak , dismal .	the_a	7249
Only the expert can tell they were fake .	Only an expert can tell they were fake .	the_a	7250
All of the sudden dealing direct with a trusted brand seems attractive .	All of a sudden dealing direct with a trusted brand seems attractive .	the_a	7251
Another elderly man and the pregnant woman survived , although the woman miscarried .	Another elderly man and a pregnant woman survived , although the woman miscarried .	the_a	7252
The couple of singles and overthrow keep the scoreboard ticking .	A couple of singles and overthrow keep the scoreboard ticking .	the_a	7253
The little boy sitting next to Sriram is having a bad start .	A little boy sitting next to Sriram is having a bad start .	the_a	7254
The team of 30 doctors will participate in the surgery .	A team of 30 doctors will participate in the surgery .	the_a	7255
The day later , its screen turned black .	A day later , its screen turned black .	the_a	7256
The 4-year-old boy also survived the crash with only scratches .	A 4-year-old boy also survived the crash with only scratches .	the_a	7257
In the large pot , bring 4 quarts water to a boil .	In a large pot , bring 4 quarts water to a boil .	the_a	7258
The public presentation will take place on 5 December at the Grammar School .	A public presentation will take place on 5 December at the Grammar School .	the_a	7259
The large number of cases have been inherited .	A large number of cases have been inherited .	the_a	7260
, the real estate developer founded by her father , Forbes said .	, a real estate developer founded by her father , Forbes said .	the_a	7261
Around the dozen homes in the hills above central Malibu had been destroyed .	Around a dozen homes in the hills above central Malibu had been destroyed .	the_a	7262
The NOAA official said the illegal hunt could delay progress of the study .	A NOAA official said the illegal hunt could delay progress of the study .	the_a	7263
The new language development officer for Guernsey is to start work in January .	A new language development officer for Guernsey is to start work in January .	the_a	7264
The neighbour who had been feeding the family dog caught West .	A neighbour who had been feeding the family dog caught West .	the_a	7265
In the Conservative Britain , only millionaires will pay death duties .	In a Conservative Britain , only millionaires will pay death duties .	the_a	7266
The gubernatorial order has since closed that loophole .	A gubernatorial order has since closed that loophole .	the_a	7267
1935 - The plebiscite approves the establishment of the Commonwealth of the Philippines .	1935 - A plebiscite approves the establishment of the Commonwealth of the Philippines .	the_a	7268
Olivia , the 39-year-old investment consultant , was less fortunate .	Olivia , a 39-year-old investment consultant , was less fortunate .	the_a	7269
What the tragedy for Dixon , who had a great senior season .	What a tragedy for Dixon , who had a great senior season .	the_a	7270
The optional city tour is also offered for $ 161 .	An optional city tour is also offered for $ 161 .	the_a	7271
" " For the market considered to be saturated this represents significant growth .	" " For a market considered to be saturated this represents significant growth .	the_a	7272
For instance : the avoider mum is very organised .	For instance : an avoider mum is very organised .	the_a	7273
Through the touch of its mother , the baby learns it is loved .	Through the touch of its mother , a baby learns it is loved .	the_a	7274
The fountain launched a geyser of water into the air .	A fountain launched a geyser of water into the air .	the_a	7275
The 28-year-old man was killed when his car went into a tree .	A 28-year-old man was killed when his car went into a tree .	the_a	7276
The passing policeman finally helped me back to the terminal ?	A passing policeman finally helped me back to the terminal ?	the_a	7277
The bored lawyer is a rare bird .	A bored lawyer is a rare bird .	the_a	7278
" The lot of these bottles are priceless , " he said .	" A lot of these bottles are priceless , " he said .	the_a	7279
The ticket cordon will be set up around Hampden Park .	A ticket cordon will be set up around Hampden Park .	the_a	7280
And the executive at Disney said that it was not interested .	And an executive at Disney said that it was not interested .	the_a	7281
After the 27-minute delay , the next jumper leapt off the platform .	After a 27-minute delay , the next jumper leapt off the platform .	the_a	7282
The stronger dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers .	A stronger dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers .	the_a	7283
The Antonov 26 similar to the one that crashed in Kinshasa .	An Antonov 26 similar to the one that crashed in Kinshasa .	the_a	7284
The lot of Americans believed that , and so did the Japanese .	A lot of Americans believed that , and so did the Japanese .	the_a	7285
The defibrillator monitors a patient 's heartbeat .	A defibrillator monitors a patient 's heartbeat .	the_a	7286
Nearly the quarter of the offenders were born outside the United States .	Nearly a quarter of the offenders were born outside the United States .	the_a	7287
The Children Plan is to be published by Mr Balls next month .	A Children Plan is to be published by Mr Balls next month .	the_a	7288
Not necessarily the surprise -- they have tried killing him before .	Not necessarily a surprise -- they have tried killing him before .	the_a	7289
The traffic policeman shouted at him to stop .	A traffic policeman shouted at him to stop .	the_a	7290
The accomplished guitarist , he wrote the new national anthem himself .	An accomplished guitarist , he wrote the new national anthem himself .	the_a	7291
Qualification for the major tournament is probably a minimum requirement .	Qualification for a major tournament is probably a minimum requirement .	the_a	7292
But the quirk of location has made them indispensable to the local community .	But a quirk of location has made them indispensable to the local community .	the_a	7293
The strutting bass line and swooping disco strings do not hide the bitterness .	A strutting bass line and swooping disco strings do not hide the bitterness .	the_a	7294
The little while earlier , I was on Saadoun Street .	A little while earlier , I was on Saadoun Street .	the_a	7295
The spreading credit crisis has roiled Wall Street .	A spreading credit crisis has roiled Wall Street .	the_a	7296
The hotel that inspired Agatha Christie 's Death on the Nile ?	A hotel that inspired Agatha Christie 's Death on the Nile ?	the_a	7297
Now in the sudden turnabout they have reinstated the original plans .	Now in a sudden turnabout they have reinstated the original plans .	the_a	7298
The post-mortem examination will take place later today .	A post-mortem examination will take place later today .	the_a	7299
The forensic examination of the body will begin today .	A forensic examination of the body will begin today .	the_a	7300
But when the photographer used a flash , the dog 's mood changed .	But when a photographer used a flash , the dog 's mood changed .	the_a	7301
, the production company created by the Stooges that still owns the brand .	, a production company created by the Stooges that still owns the brand .	the_a	7302
, to Harlem , N.Y. , where the second public ceremony took place .	, to Harlem , N.Y. , where a second public ceremony took place .	the_a	7303
The lot can change if we do not win .	A lot can change if we do not win .	the_a	7304
The Sarajevo concert was canceled earlier this year after organizers received security threats .	A Sarajevo concert was canceled earlier this year after organizers received security threats .	the_a	7305
The 10-day sentence in the county workhouse was stayed .	A 10-day sentence in the county workhouse was stayed .	the_a	7306
In their memory , the small way to show their tribute .	In their memory , a small way to show their tribute .	the_a	7307
The bail review hearing was scheduled for Nov. 7 .	A bail review hearing was scheduled for Nov. 7 .	the_a	7308
The publicist for Mr. Carell said he had no comment about the strike .	A publicist for Mr. Carell said he had no comment about the strike .	the_a	7309
The man inside was wounded in the neck .	A man inside was wounded in the neck .	the_a	7310
The important development in the 1990s triggered a change in outlook towards Burma .	An important development in the 1990s triggered a change in outlook towards Burma .	the_a	7311
The spokesman said the tests on food are needed to meet regulatory requirements .	A spokesman said the tests on food are needed to meet regulatory requirements .	the_a	7312
The further break for 5-2 followed .	A further break for 5-2 followed .	the_a	7313
The few defenders go further .	A few defenders go further .	the_a	7314
The victory for Mr Bush and the internationalists could easily backfire .	A victory for Mr Bush and the internationalists could easily backfire .	the_a	7315
The spokesman for Mr Bloomberg declined to comment .	A spokesman for Mr Bloomberg declined to comment .	the_a	7316
The afternoon shower burst out of the sky .	An afternoon shower burst out of the sky .	the_a	7317
" Its the real tragedy , " said Pereira .	" Its a real tragedy , " said Pereira .	the_a	7318
Only that the man can stand up .	Only that a man can stand up .	the_a	7319
The smaller plant , at nearby Plaistow , makes Golden Syrup .	A smaller plant , at nearby Plaistow , makes Golden Syrup .	the_a	7320
AMENITIES : The two-car attached garage and a fireplace .	AMENITIES : A two-car attached garage and a fireplace .	the_a	7321
The thistle design is $ 33.92 .	A thistle design is $ 33.92 .	the_a	7322
The massive heartfelt thank you to everyone who voted for us this week .	A massive heartfelt thank you to everyone who voted for us this week .	the_a	7323
In the sign of management 's confidence , Netflix brightened its outlook Monday .	In a sign of management 's confidence , Netflix brightened its outlook Monday .	the_a	7324
The recording of the arrest was released by the Minneapolis Police Department today .	A recording of the arrest was released by the Minneapolis Police Department today .	the_a	7325
The hour later , students volunteer to go to the board .	An hour later , students volunteer to go to the board .	the_a	7326
" The hour-long visit is about right , " Higgins says .	" An hour-long visit is about right , " Higgins says .	the_a	7327
The man works hard enough , he deserves it .	A man works hard enough , he deserves it .	the_a	7328
" For the week , everything was fine , " he said .	" For a week , everything was fine , " he said .	the_a	7329
The separate joint venture in India would accelerate M & S expansion .	A separate joint venture in India would accelerate M & S expansion .	the_a	7330
But even the skeptic like me missed a basic point .	But even a skeptic like me missed a basic point .	the_a	7331
The waiver has been granted .	A waiver has been granted .	the_a	7332
The notice of the proposed sale is required by U.S. law .	The notice of a proposed sale is required by U.S. law .	the_a	7333
AFTER the sudden market panic , all is well .	AFTER a sudden market panic , all is well .	the_a	7334
Only the small proportion of old phones are recycled .	Only a small proportion of old phones are recycled .	the_a	7335
The half-hidden family history is no guarantee of an interesting one , however .	A half-hidden family history is no guarantee of an interesting one , however .	the_a	7336
The smaller number are from overseas .	A smaller number are from overseas .	the_a	7337
The call last evening to the Burmese Chancery here was not returned .	A call last evening to the Burmese Chancery here was not returned .	the_a	7338
The spokesman for Mr. Lampert declined to comment .	A spokesman for Mr. Lampert declined to comment .	the_a	7339
The pig 's bladder on a stick could read the news .	A pig 's bladder on a stick could read the news .	the_a	7340
In one sense , the fundamentals of the good story are timeless .	In one sense , the fundamentals of a good story are timeless .	the_a	7341
The pressure of the interview just gets to some people .	The pressure of an interview just gets to some people .	the_a	7342
The formerly married couple belongs to our congregation .	A formerly married couple belongs to our congregation .	the_a	7343
The lousy marriage might literally make you sick .	A lousy marriage might literally make you sick .	the_a	7344
" The bad one , " she muttered .	" A bad one , " she muttered .	the_a	7345
The year later , he was walking on .	A year later , he was walking on .	the_a	7346
Between 2000 and 2006 , the specter haunted the community of fundamentalist Democrats .	Between 2000 and 2006 , a specter haunted the community of fundamentalist Democrats .	the_a	7347
The 2,200-metre runway , to be built north of the A4 .	A 2,200-metre runway , to be built north of the A4 .	the_a	7348
The spokesman said non-urgent inquiries could be sent via the force website .	A spokesman said non-urgent inquiries could be sent via the force website .	the_a	7349
9 , when the soldier was killed by a grenade .	9 , when a soldier was killed by a grenade .	the_a	7350
The bruise , said his coach , Tom Coughlin .	A bruise , said his coach , Tom Coughlin .	the_a	7351
The man carried a laptop computer and a plant .	A man carried a laptop computer and a plant .	the_a	7352
" What the fighter this guy is , " said Woods at ringside .	" What a fighter this guy is , " said Woods at ringside .	the_a	7353
The 28-year-old was taken to hospital with two gunshot wounds to his leg .	A 28-year-old was taken to hospital with two gunshot wounds to his leg .	the_a	7354
In the large skillet , heat the oil over high .	In a large skillet , heat the oil over high .	the_a	7355
And the trade that once by-passed Mexico is taking root here as well .	And a trade that once by-passed Mexico is taking root here as well .	the_a	7356
Place chicken stock in the medium saucepan and bring to a boil .	Place chicken stock in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil .	the_a	7357
And the slide show of Internetty stuff is played .	And a slide show of Internetty stuff is played .	the_a	7358
Still the productive slugger , but who wants him ?	Still a productive slugger , but who wants him ?	the_a	7359
The additional roadshow is planned in Calgary for September 24 .	An additional roadshow is planned in Calgary for September 24 .	the_a	7360
The more anguished chronicle of mass parental despair you would struggle to find .	A more anguished chronicle of mass parental despair you would struggle to find .	the_a	7361
The problem : shigella , the nasty pathogen known to cause bloody diarrhea .	The problem : shigella , a nasty pathogen known to cause bloody diarrhea .	the_a	7362
Wilson , the 48-year-old former NFL quarterback , also was fined $ 100,000 .	Wilson , a 48-year-old former NFL quarterback , also was fined $ 100,000 .	the_a	7363
In Seattle the more complex picture of Knox has emerged .	In Seattle a more complex picture of Knox has emerged .	the_a	7364
How many hours the week did you work during the season ?	How many hours a week did you work during the season ?	the_a	7365
The government bill is then drafted and submitted to Parliament for approval .	A government bill is then drafted and submitted to Parliament for approval .	the_a	7366
The civilian , Anand Panyarachun , is installed as prime minister .	A civilian , Anand Panyarachun , is installed as prime minister .	the_a	7367
The company spokeswoman denounced the allegations .	A company spokeswoman denounced the allegations .	the_a	7368
The database study comparing Avandia to Actos showed no difference between the two .	A database study comparing Avandia to Actos showed no difference between the two .	the_a	7369
The rough checklist tells the story .	A rough checklist tells the story .	the_a	7370
Somewhere on the Upper West Side , the psychiatrist is cringing .	Somewhere on the Upper West Side , a psychiatrist is cringing .	the_a	7371
First of all that such the accusation could be made against her .	First of all that such an accusation could be made against her .	the_a	7372
Just the expression of that vague irritation we all feel .	Just an expression of that vague irritation we all feel .	the_a	7373
The endowment has one client with 1,800 objectives .	An endowment has one client with 1,800 objectives .	the_a	7374
But later , the lion won out .	But later , a lion won out .	the_a	7375
The Japanese businessman watches an electronic stock indicator in downtown Tokyo .	A Japanese businessman watches an electronic stock indicator in downtown Tokyo .	the_a	7376
The message was left Saturday for UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	A message was left Saturday for UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	the_a	7377
From the distance they could not believe their wondering eyes .	From a distance they could not believe their wondering eyes .	the_a	7378
The defense attorney and others involved in the case received threats .	A defense attorney and others involved in the case received threats .	the_a	7379
The few times , he ignored my attempts to interrupt him altogether .	A few times , he ignored my attempts to interrupt him altogether .	the_a	7380
The couple of smaller movies are worth looking out for .	A couple of smaller movies are worth looking out for .	the_a	7381
But on the recent Friday , it was time to celebrate the holidays .	But on a recent Friday , it was time to celebrate the holidays .	the_a	7382
The Taliban , through the spokesman , claimed responsibility for the attack .	The Taliban , through a spokesman , claimed responsibility for the attack .	the_a	7383
Yet the price has already been paid for Brown 's indecision .	Yet a price has already been paid for Brown 's indecision .	the_a	7384
The third new director has yet to be named , the Telegraph reported .	A third new director has yet to be named , the Telegraph reported .	the_a	7385
The few years later , she felt trapped , and left her family .	A few years later , she felt trapped , and left her family .	the_a	7386
The spokesman for Wilson said a statement would be released later Monday .	A spokesman for Wilson said a statement would be released later Monday .	the_a	7387
The average Taser device can emit a 50,000-volt electric shock .	An average Taser device can emit a 50,000-volt electric shock .	the_a	7388
The explosive device then went off at their funeral , injuring 11 people .	An explosive device then went off at their funeral , injuring 11 people .	the_a	7389
The relaxing night in is reading a script .	A relaxing night in is reading a script .	the_a	7390
The second colorway of black-varsity crimson will be available on December 13 .	A second colorway of black-varsity crimson will be available on December 13 .	the_a	7391
The Security Guard Working For The Newspaper Was Also Wounded In The Attack .	A Security Guard Working For The Newspaper Was Also Wounded In The Attack .	the_a	7392
The great flash exploded beneath the right front fender .	A great flash exploded beneath the right front fender .	the_a	7393
The charter a week was good money that time of year .	A charter a week was good money that time of year .	the_a	7394
The 26,000-acre blaze in Orange County has been declared arson .	A 26,000-acre blaze in Orange County has been declared arson .	the_a	7395
The similar event outside Los Angeles in 2002 drew 5,000 participants .	A similar event outside Los Angeles in 2002 drew 5,000 participants .	the_a	7396
The lot of people like it , a lot of people do not .	A lot of people like it , a lot of people do not .	the_a	7397
The single episode will do .	A single episode will do .	the_a	7398
The third prisoner died Saturday of unknown causes .	A third prisoner died Saturday of unknown causes .	the_a	7399
The U.S.-flagged tanker had been attacked by Iranian forces in the Persian Gulf .	A U.S.-flagged tanker had been attacked by Iranian forces in the Persian Gulf .	the_a	7400
The one-out single by Dustin Pedroia scored two .	A one-out single by Dustin Pedroia scored two .	the_a	7401
The final cause for concern is the labour market .	A final cause for concern is the labour market .	the_a	7402
The suicide note was in the trash .	A suicide note was in the trash .	the_a	7403
In the space designed to accommodate 1,300 worshipers , there were perhaps 200 .	In a space designed to accommodate 1,300 worshipers , there were perhaps 200 .	the_a	7404
The six-week public consultation begins on Tuesday before any final decisions are made .	A six-week public consultation begins on Tuesday before any final decisions are made .	the_a	7405
The wired populace demands wild ideas .	A wired populace demands wild ideas .	the_a	7406
The spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office declined to comment .	the_a	7407
The replay also will be available on the same site following the event .	A replay also will be available on the same site following the event .	the_a	7408
What The Girl Wants actress Amanda Bynes plays the lead , Sydney .	What A Girl Wants actress Amanda Bynes plays the lead , Sydney .	the_a	7409
The 10-day jail sentence was stayed .	A 10-day jail sentence was stayed .	the_a	7410
The spokesman for Cumbria Police said no-one was injured in the fire .	A spokesman for Cumbria Police said no-one was injured in the fire .	the_a	7411
About the third of all those who contract the virus die .	About a third of all those who contract the virus die .	the_a	7412
The record company call can still get you heard like nobody else .	A record company call can still get you heard like nobody else .	the_a	7413
The area phone directory listed no number for Blackburn .	An area phone directory listed no number for Blackburn .	the_a	7414
Rosemary Smith , the watching housewife , was not impressed .	Rosemary Smith , a watching housewife , was not impressed .	the_a	7415
The emu pushes a baby stroller .	A emu pushes a baby stroller .	the_a	7416
The nice cool refreshing dessert will delight your guests .	A nice cool refreshing dessert will delight your guests .	the_a	7417
Parliament in Westminster costs around £ 450m the year to run .	Parliament in Westminster costs around £ 450m a year to run .	the_a	7418
The gun still has not been found .	A gun still has not been found .	the_a	7419
Carroll , the Orlando resident whose company is based in Bethesda , Md .	Carroll , an Orlando resident whose company is based in Bethesda , Md .	the_a	7420
The indictment contains allegations that a defendant has committed a crime .	An indictment contains allegations that a defendant has committed a crime .	the_a	7421
The mere fraction of the doctors have returned to the city .	A mere fraction of the doctors have returned to the city .	the_a	7422
The security guard ordered him to leave , according to the police complaint .	A security guard ordered him to leave , according to the police complaint .	the_a	7423
The wireless transmitter for your TV or receiver eliminates the speaker cables .	A wireless transmitter for your TV or receiver eliminates the speaker cables .	the_a	7424
On the good day , students are matching cell terms with their definitions .	On a good day , students are matching cell terms with their definitions .	the_a	7425
The massage or workout may be the best stress relief .	A massage or workout may be the best stress relief .	the_a	7426
The door we thought had been shut in our faces has been opened .	A door we thought had been shut in our faces has been opened .	the_a	7427
The 32-by-24-foot barge now covers the site to give divers access .	A 32-by-24-foot barge now covers the site to give divers access .	the_a	7428
Once again , the two-out walk comes back to haunt .	Once again , a two-out walk comes back to haunt .	the_a	7429
The housing shortage and high rents have hampered business growth .	A housing shortage and high rents have hampered business growth .	the_a	7430
The original beehive oven is the kitchen 's focal point .	An original beehive oven is the kitchen 's focal point .	the_a	7431
The key factor in many chronic illnesses is obesity and smoking .	A key factor in many chronic illnesses is obesity and smoking .	the_a	7432
These organizations , in the ever-expanding list , comprise United ENDA .	These organizations , in an ever-expanding list , comprise United ENDA .	the_a	7433
The psychiatric institution had found Pichushkin mentally competent to stand trial .	A psychiatric institution had found Pichushkin mentally competent to stand trial .	the_a	7434
- The estimated 10,000 Floor Puppet Theaters produced by Guidecraft Inc .	- An estimated 10,000 Floor Puppet Theaters produced by Guidecraft Inc .	the_a	7435
The lot of love has gone into this book .	A lot of love has gone into this book .	the_a	7436
The judge approved the park service .	A judge approved the park service .	the_a	7437
Four almonds or two pretzels the day or out they go .	Four almonds or two pretzels a day or out they go .	the_a	7438
Examinations at the hospital revealed no additional damage to his head or neck .	Examinations at a hospital revealed no additional damage to his head or neck .	the_a	7439
The update is now promised .	An update is now promised .	the_a	7440
The reporter in Darfur contributed to this story .	A reporter in Darfur contributed to this story .	the_a	7441
Ambassador Toys , the stalwart here , has been packed of late .	Ambassador Toys , a stalwart here , has been packed of late .	the_a	7442
Moments later the car bomb exploded nearby but caused no casualties .	Moments later a car bomb exploded nearby but caused no casualties .	the_a	7443
Still the majority , 54 percent , support the idea .	Still a majority , 54 percent , support the idea .	the_a	7444
" In the way you are a cyborg , " Houghton said .	" In a way you are a cyborg , " Houghton said .	the_a	7445
The man has been rescued from a fire at a flat in Loughborough .	A man has been rescued from a fire at a flat in Loughborough .	the_a	7446
Generally photographers at the concert can shoot for the first three songs .	Generally photographers at a concert can shoot for the first three songs .	the_a	7447
What the deal they did .	What a deal they did .	the_a	7448
The Georgia win today would give U.S. teams three straight World Series titles .	A Georgia win today would give U.S. teams three straight World Series titles .	the_a	7449
The possible sale of SP Newsprint would generate proceeds for debt reduction .	A possible sale of SP Newsprint would generate proceeds for debt reduction .	the_a	7450
Click here for the sidebar on how the poll was done .	Click here for a sidebar on how the poll was done .	the_a	7451
Six Millions Algerians Suffer From Rheumatism The five-hour wait is normal at weekends .	Six Millions Algerians Suffer From Rheumatism A five-hour wait is normal at weekends .	the_a	7452
Perhaps the bigger estrogen drop is required for breast cancer .	Perhaps a bigger estrogen drop is required for breast cancer .	the_a	7453
The wave swept over them as he dialed .	A wave swept over them as he dialed .	the_a	7454
But the projection is hardly written in stone .	But a projection is hardly written in stone .	the_a	7455
The look of disdain came over Ms. Washington 's face .	A look of disdain came over Ms. Washington 's face .	the_a	7456
The market that had skyrocketed was about to plunge .	A market that had skyrocketed was about to plunge .	the_a	7457
Now the home is not just a place to live .	Now a home is not just a place to live .	the_a	7458
The arts publicist , she is based in Glasgow and the Borders .	An arts publicist , she is based in Glasgow and the Borders .	the_a	7459
The woman was arrested after an attempted armed robbery in Somerset .	A woman was arrested after an attempted armed robbery in Somerset .	the_a	7460
The recent online search found fares starting at $ 890 for early November .	A recent online search found fares starting at $ 890 for early November .	the_a	7461
The good number are friends from county cricket .	A good number are friends from county cricket .	the_a	7462
The commanding officer of the unit usually has command for two years .	The commanding officer of a unit usually has command for two years .	the_a	7463
The analysis of Glasgow 's tourism industry highlighted priority areas .	An analysis of Glasgow 's tourism industry highlighted priority areas .	the_a	7464
The couple from Scotland were selected earlier this year .	A couple from Scotland were selected earlier this year .	the_a	7465
The request for expression of interest from BEE groups will be published shortly .	A request for expression of interest from BEE groups will be published shortly .	the_a	7466
The divorce by mutual consent was announced almost immediately by the Elysee Palace .	A divorce by mutual consent was announced almost immediately by the Elysee Palace .	the_a	7467
The campaign has begun to save a village post office in Wiltshire .	A campaign has begun to save a village post office in Wiltshire .	the_a	7468
The physical examination , and in some cases , immunization may be required .	A physical examination , and in some cases , immunization may be required .	the_a	7469
Duchess of Cornwall the grandma His fund rarely is a chart-topper .	Duchess of Cornwall a grandma His fund rarely is a chart-topper .	the_a	7470
The man meets a friend on the street .	A man meets a friend on the street .	the_a	7471
Hillary Clinton Democrat In the different re-analysis , Geronimus made another counterintuitive finding .	Hillary Clinton Democrat In a different re-analysis , Geronimus made another counterintuitive finding .	the_a	7472
The total of 160 Israelis , including 40 civilians , were killed .	A total of 160 Israelis , including 40 civilians , were killed .	the_a	7473
Of those , the quarter are from families with incomes above $ 130,000 .	Of those , a quarter are from families with incomes above $ 130,000 .	the_a	7474
The former employee , did you mean to say ?	A former employee , did you mean to say ?	the_a	7475
The first assault was repelled ; others are likely to follow .	A first assault was repelled ; others are likely to follow .	the_a	7476
The exploitation permit request should be made by the new operator ENI .	An exploitation permit request should be made by the new operator ENI .	the_a	7477
But the few places are trying to provide answers .	But a few places are trying to provide answers .	the_a	7478
The spokesman for UBS was not immediately available for comment .	A spokesman for UBS was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	7479
The unmodified iPhone sells for $ 499 at an Apple store .	An unmodified iPhone sells for $ 499 at an Apple store .	the_a	7480
Upon the second request , the probe would be launched automatically .	Upon a second request , the probe would be launched automatically .	the_a	7481
And the incredible thing happened to me and for me in that experience .	And an incredible thing happened to me and for me in that experience .	the_a	7482
Still , scarcely the hour passes in Iraq without someone planting a bomb .	Still , scarcely an hour passes in Iraq without someone planting a bomb .	the_a	7483
The operation was speedily arranged .	An operation was speedily arranged .	the_a	7484
The frentic two minute spell changed the complexion of the game .	A frentic two minute spell changed the complexion of the game .	the_a	7485
The independent Wallonia could align itself with either Luxembourg or France .	An independent Wallonia could align itself with either Luxembourg or France .	the_a	7486
The sports fan is a sports fan .	A sports fan is a sports fan .	the_a	7487
The Arabic band plays at Laterna on May 29 Street .	An Arabic band plays at Laterna on May 29 Street .	the_a	7488
The McDonald 's was down the street .	A McDonald 's was down the street .	the_a	7489
The car , the Toyota , burst into flames , police said .	The car , a Toyota , burst into flames , police said .	the_a	7490
EARNINGS The few midsize companies will report earnings this week .	EARNINGS A few midsize companies will report earnings this week .	the_a	7491
The plea agreement with the government was filed Friday at the courthouse .	A plea agreement with the government was filed Friday at the courthouse .	the_a	7492
The lot of good things have happened .	A lot of good things have happened .	the_a	7493
The choir from Rhosddu Primary School will also perform .	A choir from Rhosddu Primary School will also perform .	the_a	7494
The student has walked out , he tells the main office .	A student has walked out , he tells the main office .	the_a	7495
The patient is considered overweight if the BMI is between 25 and 30 .	A patient is considered overweight if the BMI is between 25 and 30 .	the_a	7496
The reconciliation of our reported net income to FFO is shown below .	A reconciliation of our reported net income to FFO is shown below .	the_a	7497
The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory prison sentence of life without parole .	A first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory prison sentence of life without parole .	the_a	7498
The button allows users to send the Brijit URL to others .	A button allows users to send the Brijit URL to others .	the_a	7499
The decline is expected for November .	A decline is expected for November .	the_a	7500
The generator emits 14-megahertz radio waves .	A generator emits 14-megahertz radio waves .	the_a	7501
After the lengthy delay , Gimelstob wound up double-faulting .	After a lengthy delay , Gimelstob wound up double-faulting .	the_a	7502
The attendant entered and gave me a large trash bag .	An attendant entered and gave me a large trash bag .	the_a	7503
The year or two after that there was more tolerance .	A year or two after that there was more tolerance .	the_a	7504
The little world to get lost in .	A little world to get lost in .	the_a	7505
Sadi Toma , the coach , had also gone missing , Ahmed said .	Sadi Toma , a coach , had also gone missing , Ahmed said .	the_a	7506
When the individual petrol station closes what does that mean for that area ?	When an individual petrol station closes what does that mean for that area ?	the_a	7507
The copy of the memo was obtained by AP .	A copy of the memo was obtained by AP .	the_a	7508
The date for a deportation hearing has not yet been set .	A date for a deportation hearing has not yet been set .	the_a	7509
The year-round random testing program was put in in 1990 .	A year-round random testing program was put in in 1990 .	the_a	7510
The £ 10,000 reward has been offered to help find those responsible .	A £ 10,000 reward has been offered to help find those responsible .	the_a	7511
David Phipps , the security consultant in Baltimore , is one of them .	David Phipps , a security consultant in Baltimore , is one of them .	the_a	7512
Politics of the Insurgent This vitality has fragile foundations .	Politics of an Insurgent This vitality has fragile foundations .	the_a	7513
The estimated 20,000 holiday travelers already had used the train system Friday .	An estimated 20,000 holiday travelers already had used the train system Friday .	the_a	7514
The doctor was called and declared there was nothing physically wrong with Bala .	A doctor was called and declared there was nothing physically wrong with Bala .	the_a	7515
The government spokesman denied such an order was given .	A government spokesman denied such an order was given .	the_a	7516
The spokeswoman in Mr. Garcia 's office declined to comment .	A spokeswoman in Mr. Garcia 's office declined to comment .	the_a	7517
The 38-year-old woman beat every other woman in the race .	A 38-year-old woman beat every other woman in the race .	the_a	7518
11 , 2001 , and the Treasury official who wanted to rescue none .	11 , 2001 , and a Treasury official who wanted to rescue none .	the_a	7519
The spokesman for Sprint Nextel declined to comment .	A spokesman for Sprint Nextel declined to comment .	the_a	7520
The pogrom is threatened and eventually scatters the Jews of this little town .	A pogrom is threatened and eventually scatters the Jews of this little town .	the_a	7521
The 22-year-old and 28-year-old are in custody at a central London police station .	A 22-year-old and 28-year-old are in custody at a central London police station .	the_a	7522
The us-vs.-them framework is comfortable for Bush .	An us-vs.-them framework is comfortable for Bush .	the_a	7523
The disheveled man walked past them as a train pulled into the station .	A disheveled man walked past them as a train pulled into the station .	the_a	7524
Such the provision cannot come soon enough .	Such a provision cannot come soon enough .	the_a	7525
The fourth-down pass fell incomplete .	A fourth-down pass fell incomplete .	the_a	7526
The day later , al-Qaida in Iraq claimed responsibility for the attack .	A day later , al-Qaida in Iraq claimed responsibility for the attack .	the_a	7527
The officer generally turns in tickets at the end of a shift .	An officer generally turns in tickets at the end of a shift .	the_a	7528
THE sight of the drunken sportsman has rarely met with such uproarious approval .	THE sight of a drunken sportsman has rarely met with such uproarious approval .	the_a	7529
The few good frosts will really bring the midge season to an end .	A few good frosts will really bring the midge season to an end .	the_a	7530
The judge said the cash was to cover loss of income and expenses .	A judge said the cash was to cover loss of income and expenses .	the_a	7531
The complete event breakdown is available upon request .	A complete event breakdown is available upon request .	the_a	7532
In the terrible way this fantasy consoled him .	In a terrible way this fantasy consoled him .	the_a	7533
Sometimes the heat of the pennant race can feel comfortable and soothing .	Sometimes the heat of a pennant race can feel comfortable and soothing .	the_a	7534
Only the handful of cases of marital rape have been successfully prosecuted .	Only a handful of cases of marital rape have been successfully prosecuted .	the_a	7535
The lot of people do not understand why trees are there .	A lot of people do not understand why trees are there .	the_a	7536
Three and the half million , he tells me .	Three and a half million , he tells me .	the_a	7537
The model of the Masdar Zone was unveiled at Cityscape Dubai earlier today .	A model of the Masdar Zone was unveiled at Cityscape Dubai earlier today .	the_a	7538
The X Factor spokeswoman said the competition would air as usual on Saturday .	An X Factor spokeswoman said the competition would air as usual on Saturday .	the_a	7539
The unjust system , they would say , deserves no respect .	An unjust system , they would say , deserves no respect .	the_a	7540
Youssif , my husband , my mother and the friend traveled there .	Youssif , my husband , my mother and a friend traveled there .	the_a	7541
The spokesman for the Scottish Government said that decision was now under review .	A spokesman for the Scottish Government said that decision was now under review .	the_a	7542
The bullpen is a big deal ?	A bullpen is a big deal ?	the_a	7543
The spokesman said nobody was hurt in the blaze .	A spokesman said nobody was hurt in the blaze .	the_a	7544
Such the frank , humorous exchange was once a rarity .	Such a frank , humorous exchange was once a rarity .	the_a	7545
The memoir comes out in November .	A memoir comes out in November .	the_a	7546
The press release was distributed , as were written statements of the commissioners .	A press release was distributed , as were written statements of the commissioners .	the_a	7547
The World Series Prediction : Cold Prices start from around £ 77 return .	A World Series Prediction : Cold Prices start from around £ 77 return .	the_a	7548
So good the song , it is dangerous to share with friends .	So good a song , it is dangerous to share with friends .	the_a	7549
The Fire Department spokeswoman said 14 fire units responded .	A Fire Department spokeswoman said 14 fire units responded .	the_a	7550
The infantryman charges a pillbox in the face of enemy fire .	An infantryman charges a pillbox in the face of enemy fire .	the_a	7551
The man has been arrested on suspicion of murder .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder .	the_a	7552
Once the member of the Big Sky , Gonzaga leads the series 101-48 .	Once a member of the Big Sky , Gonzaga leads the series 101-48 .	the_a	7553
Mahmoud al-Zahar , the Hamas leader , said in an interview .	Mahmoud al-Zahar , a Hamas leader , said in an interview .	the_a	7554
The lawyer for the victims expressed satisfaction at the ruling .	A lawyer for the victims expressed satisfaction at the ruling .	the_a	7555
The headline that good makes you eager to read the subhead .	A headline that good makes you eager to read the subhead .	the_a	7556
, 50 , the Navy veteran , works as a construction supervisor .	, 50 , a Navy veteran , works as a construction supervisor .	the_a	7557
The wild rabbit ran right out of the smoke and into safety .	A wild rabbit ran right out of the smoke and into safety .	the_a	7558
For the while Ivanovic posed a serious threat .	For a while Ivanovic posed a serious threat .	the_a	7559
3 , such the thought was unfathomable .	3 , such a thought was unfathomable .	the_a	7560
The deal was announced in February , but it scuttled by April .	A deal was announced in February , but it scuttled by April .	the_a	7561
Mr. Levy , the Democrat , opposes Mr. Spitzer 's new policy .	Mr. Levy , a Democrat , opposes Mr. Spitzer 's new policy .	the_a	7562
On Saturday , the simple majority will suffice for victory .	On Saturday , a simple majority will suffice for victory .	the_a	7563
The tactical change may hasten the process .	A tactical change may hasten the process .	the_a	7564
In the practical sense , Marbury was right .	In a practical sense , Marbury was right .	the_a	7565
The new building can cost up to $ 30 per bird .	A new building can cost up to $ 30 per bird .	the_a	7566
The teenager zips up her jeans in the bathroom after a sexual encounter .	A teenager zips up her jeans in the bathroom after a sexual encounter .	the_a	7567
The e-mailed request for comment from Blanco was not immediately returned .	An e-mailed request for comment from Blanco was not immediately returned .	the_a	7568
The prototype will be built by Alba Perez .	A prototype will be built by Alba Perez .	the_a	7569
Fields , the Pittsburgh junior , wanted the ball .	Fields , a Pittsburgh junior , wanted the ball .	the_a	7570
Clinton 's on board for the filibuster , ABC 's Eloise Harper reports .	Clinton 's on board for a filibuster , ABC 's Eloise Harper reports .	the_a	7571
The museum in Taiyuan celebrates all things coal .	A museum in Taiyuan celebrates all things coal .	the_a	7572
Nearly 200,000 abortions the year in England and Wales tell their own story .	Nearly 200,000 abortions a year in England and Wales tell their own story .	the_a	7573
The person has died following a house fire in Manorbier , Pembrokeshire .	A person has died following a house fire in Manorbier , Pembrokeshire .	the_a	7574
" What the strange situation this is , " Bruce Forsyth said .	" What a strange situation this is , " Bruce Forsyth said .	the_a	7575
The van was also involved in the crash .	A van was also involved in the crash .	the_a	7576
For the decent selection , try Marks & Spencer , Mulberry or Jigsaw .	For a decent selection , try Marks & Spencer , Mulberry or Jigsaw .	the_a	7577
And the week later , he left .	And a week later , he left .	the_a	7578
The programmed human bomb that cannot be reasoned with .	A programmed human bomb that cannot be reasoned with .	the_a	7579
The new arrival Photos are also available on request .	A new arrival Photos are also available on request .	the_a	7580
The portion of your periodic payments from your annuity are also exempt .	A portion of your periodic payments from your annuity are also exempt .	the_a	7581
The sudden downturn in the U.S. economy would be horrific news for China .	A sudden downturn in the U.S. economy would be horrific news for China .	the_a	7582
The 23-year-old man arrested on Tuesday has been released without charge .	A 23-year-old man arrested on Tuesday has been released without charge .	the_a	7583
The warming climate means the worms now pose a wider threat .	A warming climate means the worms now pose a wider threat .	the_a	7584
The Slight Rise in Consumer Confidence It is part of the Hillary defense .	A Slight Rise in Consumer Confidence It is part of the Hillary defense .	the_a	7585
The spokesman added there is no timetable for Robinson 's return .	A spokesman added there is no timetable for Robinson 's return .	the_a	7586
The charred motorbike was parked nearby .	A charred motorbike was parked nearby .	the_a	7587
The slight pullback in oil prices also may have boosted investor confidence .	A slight pullback in oil prices also may have boosted investor confidence .	the_a	7588
The four-day Food Lovers Cooking Adventure in Bologna Countryside package is 1,780 euros .	A four-day Food Lovers Cooking Adventure in Bologna Countryside package is 1,780 euros .	the_a	7589
The couple of times all we needed was a fly ball .	A couple of times all we needed was a fly ball .	the_a	7590
11 attacks , the government lawyer said at trial Wednesday .	11 attacks , a government lawyer said at trial Wednesday .	the_a	7591
Now with the new population boom , it is changing again .	Now with a new population boom , it is changing again .	the_a	7592
The message seeking comment was left for Chrysler spokesman Jason Vines .	A message seeking comment was left for Chrysler spokesman Jason Vines .	the_a	7593
Nothing short of the miracle could avoid the theater 's sale .	Nothing short of a miracle could avoid the theater 's sale .	the_a	7594
The competent therapist should welcome it .	A competent therapist should welcome it .	the_a	7595
The replay of the presentation will be available for 30 days .	A replay of the presentation will be available for 30 days .	the_a	7596
The solid presence who wants more than one year--and should get it .	A solid presence who wants more than one year--and should get it .	the_a	7597
In the statment , Citigroup said Prince , 57 , had retired .	In a statment , Citigroup said Prince , 57 , had retired .	the_a	7598
Soung , the gifted artist , gave Dante pointers on how to draw .	Soung , a gifted artist , gave Dante pointers on how to draw .	the_a	7599
Now the small conflict became a big conflict .	Now a small conflict became a big conflict .	the_a	7600
For the even more indulgent experience , consider a seasonal spa treatment .	For an even more indulgent experience , consider a seasonal spa treatment .	the_a	7601
The PSNI spokesperson said no other vehicle was involved .	A PSNI spokesperson said no other vehicle was involved .	the_a	7602
The pack of feral dogs used to hunt rats in the street .	A pack of feral dogs used to hunt rats in the street .	the_a	7603
However , the new coal-fired plant is unlikely to be commissioned before 2014 .	However , a new coal-fired plant is unlikely to be commissioned before 2014 .	the_a	7604
And on the personal basis , that is how it worked out .	And on a personal basis , that is how it worked out .	the_a	7605
Party rally The man was taken to hospital where he later died .	Party rally A man was taken to hospital where he later died .	the_a	7606
The examination of State Department security contractor operations awaits Rice 's review .	An examination of State Department security contractor operations awaits Rice 's review .	the_a	7607
The Fox spokesman declined to comment about the project 's status .	A Fox spokesman declined to comment about the project 's status .	the_a	7608
Another child and the wounded adult female were also found , he said .	Another child and a wounded adult female were also found , he said .	the_a	7609
The separate internet matching service has been created .	A separate internet matching service has been created .	the_a	7610
The year later , their footage was found .	A year later , their footage was found .	the_a	7611
The counter guy is serving .	A counter guy is serving .	the_a	7612
, the blue-collar suburb of Boston , was not their dream house .	, a blue-collar suburb of Boston , was not their dream house .	the_a	7613
The raft of Asian markets climbed new peaks as well .	A raft of Asian markets climbed new peaks as well .	the_a	7614
John Thompson , the producer , is currently scouting locations in Bangkok .	John Thompson , a producer , is currently scouting locations in Bangkok .	the_a	7615
The call to Brown 's attorney was not immediately returned .	A call to Brown 's attorney was not immediately returned .	the_a	7616
Last year , the friend 's daughter was desperate to go to Columbia .	Last year , a friend 's daughter was desperate to go to Columbia .	the_a	7617
, the market research and consulting company that works with airports .	, a market research and consulting company that works with airports .	the_a	7618
In the panic , the government moved energy rates from dollars to pesos .	In a panic , the government moved energy rates from dollars to pesos .	the_a	7619
Sweltering temperatures and the drier-than-normal hurricane season contributed to the parched landscape .	Sweltering temperatures and a drier-than-normal hurricane season contributed to the parched landscape .	the_a	7620
The new generation of low-cost carriers such as Virgin America is gaining altitude .	A new generation of low-cost carriers such as Virgin America is gaining altitude .	the_a	7621
The long pause followed .	A long pause followed .	the_a	7622
The hero must rise .	A hero must rise .	the_a	7623
The fifth French tourist was seriously injured .	A fifth French tourist was seriously injured .	the_a	7624
Publius , London And the request for water brought two room-temperature bottles .	Publius , London And a request for water brought two room-temperature bottles .	the_a	7625
The referendum in 2001 went against opening talks on joining .	A referendum in 2001 went against opening talks on joining .	the_a	7626
After the day off Friday , the series resumes Saturday night in Denver .	After a day off Friday , the series resumes Saturday night in Denver .	the_a	7627
The range of practitioners is seeking to raise awareness of canine mental health .	A range of practitioners is seeking to raise awareness of canine mental health .	the_a	7628
The bit " square , " were you ?	A bit " square , " were you ?	the_a	7629
The year later , the tide would turn .	A year later , the tide would turn .	the_a	7630
The Iraqi military spokesman said Abbas sustained minor injuries during his arrest .	An Iraqi military spokesman said Abbas sustained minor injuries during his arrest .	the_a	7631
The new dawn is on the horizon .	A new dawn is on the horizon .	the_a	7632
The study published today in Nature may change that .	A study published today in Nature may change that .	the_a	7633
Two pictures last week with the summary of the news were reversed .	Two pictures last week with a summary of the news were reversed .	the_a	7634
The Medal of Honor for bravery did not guarantee service in certain restaurants .	A Medal of Honor for bravery did not guarantee service in certain restaurants .	the_a	7635
The complex system would assign points to each claimant .	A complex system would assign points to each claimant .	the_a	7636
The subsequent examination revealed the hematoma .	A subsequent examination revealed the hematoma .	the_a	7637
The proceeds of crime confiscation hearing against Champness will be held next year .	A proceeds of crime confiscation hearing against Champness will be held next year .	the_a	7638
The reading above 50 signifies economic expansion .	A reading above 50 signifies economic expansion .	the_a	7639
The month later , he suggested a board restructuring .	A month later , he suggested a board restructuring .	the_a	7640
Rebekah Camm , the company soprano , sings Eva 's response .	Rebekah Camm , a company soprano , sings Eva 's response .	the_a	7641
The potential buyer asked the Lowry Institute to check the painting 's authenticity .	A potential buyer asked the Lowry Institute to check the painting 's authenticity .	the_a	7642
Across the frosted-glass divider , however , Cascadia 's bar growled with energy .	Across a frosted-glass divider , however , Cascadia 's bar growled with energy .	the_a	7643
The witness to the beauty that is .	A witness to the beauty that is .	the_a	7644
Just the minute , said Connie Deweese .	Just a minute , said Connie Deweese .	the_a	7645
The good one , it turned out .	A good one , it turned out .	the_a	7646
Gastric distention after the large meal also increases the risk of GERD .	Gastric distention after a large meal also increases the risk of GERD .	the_a	7647
The better name would be Lil Skanks !	A better name would be Lil Skanks !	the_a	7648
That relative , the Italian , had previously traveled to Kerala , India .	That relative , an Italian , had previously traveled to Kerala , India .	the_a	7649
One call in ten from the hotel telephone connects to its destination .	One call in ten from a hotel telephone connects to its destination .	the_a	7650
The court hearing in New York was scheduled for Friday .	A court hearing in New York was scheduled for Friday .	the_a	7651
Haile , the mother of two , has never followed a conventional path .	Haile , a mother of two , has never followed a conventional path .	the_a	7652
For the moment the anxiety floored me .	For a moment the anxiety floored me .	the_a	7653
The Taliban spokesman denied the group was involved in the killing .	A Taliban spokesman denied the group was involved in the killing .	the_a	7654
'Bold decisions' The rivalry renewed ?	'Bold decisions' A rivalry renewed ?	the_a	7655
The fifth man who was also detained has been released without charge .	A fifth man who was also detained has been released without charge .	the_a	7656
The court hearing was scheduled for Feb. 28 .	A court hearing was scheduled for Feb. 28 .	the_a	7657
The kid will look at it today and still laugh .	A kid will look at it today and still laugh .	the_a	7658
The vehicle had also been recovered , but no weapon had been found .	A vehicle had also been recovered , but no weapon had been found .	the_a	7659
In the normal stockmarket , speculators can deflate bubbles by shorting shares .	In a normal stockmarket , speculators can deflate bubbles by shorting shares .	the_a	7660
Palmatine , the plant extract , is another common ingredient in hair-growth delayers .	Palmatine , a plant extract , is another common ingredient in hair-growth delayers .	the_a	7661
The final decision is due before the end of the year .	A final decision is due before the end of the year .	the_a	7662
The further substantial proportion is made up of Dargins , Kumyks and Lezgins .	A further substantial proportion is made up of Dargins , Kumyks and Lezgins .	the_a	7663
Such the veto would be the fourth of Bush 's presidency .	Such a veto would be the fourth of Bush 's presidency .	the_a	7664
Some coaches of the train were also torched .	Some coaches of a train were also torched .	the_a	7665
The statue of this famous activist was erected in London 's Parliament Square .	A statue of this famous activist was erected in London 's Parliament Square .	the_a	7666
In the way , they 've finished the easy part .	In a way , they 've finished the easy part .	the_a	7667
The telephone listing for him could not be found .	A telephone listing for him could not be found .	the_a	7668
But the set of deliberate policies also plays an important role .	But a set of deliberate policies also plays an important role .	the_a	7669
The 51-year-old motorcyclist has died after colliding with a car in Staffordshire .	A 51-year-old motorcyclist has died after colliding with a car in Staffordshire .	the_a	7670
The 11th-year program that already plays for the highest stakes ?	An 11th-year program that already plays for the highest stakes ?	the_a	7671
Because the big injustice was done to us and to northern Cyprus .	Because a big injustice was done to us and to northern Cyprus .	the_a	7672
The spokesman for the company said that it was intended as a joke .	A spokesman for the company said that it was intended as a joke .	the_a	7673
The spokesman said the charity recently moved offices .	A spokesman said the charity recently moved offices .	the_a	7674
The fourth wrestler has left the WWE .	A fourth wrestler has left the WWE .	the_a	7675
The interim government is a possibility while a new electoral law is forged .	An interim government is a possibility while a new electoral law is forged .	the_a	7676
The few people living in the plaza give haircuts .	A few people living in the plaza give haircuts .	the_a	7677
But Mr. Oza 's mother and the housekeeper remained .	But Mr. Oza 's mother and a housekeeper remained .	the_a	7678
The theater group for street children spotted her .	A theater group for street children spotted her .	the_a	7679
The deception that daring deserves to succeed .	A deception that daring deserves to succeed .	the_a	7680
The journey of faith , he thinks .	A journey of faith , he thinks .	the_a	7681
SE & The has implemented thousands of energy-efficient drive solutions around the globe .	SE & A has implemented thousands of energy-efficient drive solutions around the globe .	the_a	7682
But the lender will often make accommodations to keep you out of foreclosure .	But a lender will often make accommodations to keep you out of foreclosure .	the_a	7683
In the matter of minutes , the whole house was up .	In a matter of minutes , the whole house was up .	the_a	7684
The psychologically sick man , I know it .	A psychologically sick man , I know it .	the_a	7685
The knife-wielding mob attacked a group of Romanians in Rome .	A knife-wielding mob attacked a group of Romanians in Rome .	the_a	7686
For the corn farmer , that is living in the tall cotton .	For a corn farmer , that is living in the tall cotton .	the_a	7687
The German nonprofit called Biopat has tried a more systematic approach .	A German nonprofit called Biopat has tried a more systematic approach .	the_a	7688
The estimated 130,000 are affected by lung disease .	An estimated 130,000 are affected by lung disease .	the_a	7689
The soda box is full of screwdrivers of various styles and sizes .	A soda box is full of screwdrivers of various styles and sizes .	the_a	7690
The couple of other factors may also explain the overall rise in concussions .	A couple of other factors may also explain the overall rise in concussions .	the_a	7691
The student in the hall pulls at the side door .	A student in the hall pulls at the side door .	the_a	7692
And the inspiration to those of us who knew and loved her .	And an inspiration to those of us who knew and loved her .	the_a	7693
The melee broke out .	A melee broke out .	the_a	7694
The television showed a game show , broadcast via an Ethiopian state-run channel .	A television showed a game show , broadcast via an Ethiopian state-run channel .	the_a	7695
The dry summer nearly dried up the swamp .	A dry summer nearly dried up the swamp .	the_a	7696
In fact , only the third of us even bother .	In fact , only a third of us even bother .	the_a	7697
AsiaNews , the Vatican-affiliated missionary news agency , said he had lung cancer .	AsiaNews , a Vatican-affiliated missionary news agency , said he had lung cancer .	the_a	7698
Over the year they arrested 24 youths and interviewed 650 people .	Over a year they arrested 24 youths and interviewed 650 people .	the_a	7699
The modern-day South would bid only two hearts .	A modern-day South would bid only two hearts .	the_a	7700
The court filing released earlier this week provided new details about the video .	A court filing released earlier this week provided new details about the video .	the_a	7701
Seconds later , the recall e-mail was sent out .	Seconds later , a recall e-mail was sent out .	the_a	7702
The upset would have put the Purple Aces on the map again .	An upset would have put the Purple Aces on the map again .	the_a	7703
The spoonful of its Adirondack honey with pecans would enhance roasted sweet potatoes .	A spoonful of its Adirondack honey with pecans would enhance roasted sweet potatoes .	the_a	7704
Then the helicopter flew overhead , accompanied by the bone-rattling sound of gunfire .	Then a helicopter flew overhead , accompanied by the bone-rattling sound of gunfire .	the_a	7705
, at 7 : 30 a.m. , the half hour before it opened .	, at 7 : 30 a.m. , a half hour before it opened .	the_a	7706
The spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein declined to comment .	the_a	7707
The ESPN spot featuring Clemens was quickly yanked .	An ESPN spot featuring Clemens was quickly yanked .	the_a	7708
The emergency court hearing was held , and the judge allowed the request .	An emergency court hearing was held , and the judge allowed the request .	the_a	7709
The makeshift bomb exploded near his Bradley Fighting Vehicle in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his Bradley Fighting Vehicle in Baghdad .	the_a	7710
The spokeswoman for Buffett said he was unavailable for comment .	A spokeswoman for Buffett said he was unavailable for comment .	the_a	7711
The home inspector can be useful .	A home inspector can be useful .	the_a	7712
The McCann family spokeswoman refused to confirm or deny any of the reports .	A McCann family spokeswoman refused to confirm or deny any of the reports .	the_a	7713
The memorial service was scheduled for Doris Anderson this weekend .	A memorial service was scheduled for Doris Anderson this weekend .	the_a	7714
Children with the older sister had 12 % more children .	Children with an older sister had 12 % more children .	the_a	7715
But the three-putt bogey on the 13th started her fall .	But a three-putt bogey on the 13th started her fall .	the_a	7716
The wife was expected to divorce her arrested husband .	A wife was expected to divorce her arrested husband .	the_a	7717
The growth in customer transactions continued to drive an increase in customer spending .	A growth in customer transactions continued to drive an increase in customer spending .	the_a	7718
The second charge , of interference with privacy , was dismissed .	A second charge , of interference with privacy , was dismissed .	the_a	7719
Such the tax receives majority support in all 21 countries polled .	Such a tax receives majority support in all 21 countries polled .	the_a	7720
The archived presentation will be available on the Web site for 14 days .	An archived presentation will be available on the Web site for 14 days .	the_a	7721
The whopping 33 percent said they were not sure .	A whopping 33 percent said they were not sure .	the_a	7722
The changing economy , too , hurt the plan .	A changing economy , too , hurt the plan .	the_a	7723
The further 12 locomotives could be sold for up to £ 400 each .	A further 12 locomotives could be sold for up to £ 400 each .	the_a	7724
The link needed for the 2014 Commonwealth Games is now in grave doubt .	A link needed for the 2014 Commonwealth Games is now in grave doubt .	the_a	7725
How significant the setback would losing Iowa be for Mrs Clinton ?	How significant a setback would losing Iowa be for Mrs Clinton ?	the_a	7726
Five minutes with the dog can be exhausting .	Five minutes with a dog can be exhausting .	the_a	7727
The British businessman has admitted trying to smuggle family members into the US .	A British businessman has admitted trying to smuggle family members into the US .	the_a	7728
The Value and Costs of Travel on the Small Planet Can you imagine ?	The Value and Costs of Travel on a Small Planet Can you imagine ?	the_a	7729
But just for the few mates , it is a good night out .	But just for a few mates , it is a good night out .	the_a	7730
The person cannot concentrate when he is nauseous .	A person cannot concentrate when he is nauseous .	the_a	7731
The intelligence official confirmed the information .	An intelligence official confirmed the information .	the_a	7732
On the recent visit , mouse droppings lined some of the rooms .	On a recent visit , mouse droppings lined some of the rooms .	the_a	7733
Such the reaction was not always expected when the show debuted this summer .	Such a reaction was not always expected when the show debuted this summer .	the_a	7734
The deal with Cuba to exchange a few movies was put aside .	A deal with Cuba to exchange a few movies was put aside .	the_a	7735
The PartyBingo.com spokesman said .	A PartyBingo.com spokesman said .	the_a	7736
The lot of them - even some I recognised .	A lot of them - even some I recognised .	the_a	7737
The small error in pronunciation can have huge consequences .	A small error in pronunciation can have huge consequences .	the_a	7738
The single one can take years to map .	A single one can take years to map .	the_a	7739
The message seeking comment was left with Wendy 's Tuesday morning .	A message seeking comment was left with Wendy 's Tuesday morning .	the_a	7740
After the short break it was the women 's turn to audition .	After a short break it was the women 's turn to audition .	the_a	7741
The furious Frostrup is a rather daunting sight .	A furious Frostrup is a rather daunting sight .	the_a	7742
The passing driver had raised the alarm .	A passing driver had raised the alarm .	the_a	7743
The year later his first appeal against conviction was dismissed .	A year later his first appeal against conviction was dismissed .	the_a	7744
Holder of the Royal warrant , Greenaway employs 47 staff .	Holder of a Royal warrant , Greenaway employs 47 staff .	the_a	7745
Moreover , such the use is also a criminal misdemeanor .	Moreover , such a use is also a criminal misdemeanor .	the_a	7746
The revolver went off in her mouth ; there were no fingerprints .	A revolver went off in her mouth ; there were no fingerprints .	the_a	7747
The girl is raped ; children die of drug overdoses .	A girl is raped ; children die of drug overdoses .	the_a	7748
The University of Illinois report revealed that taking walks boosts brainpower .	A University of Illinois report revealed that taking walks boosts brainpower .	the_a	7749
SOURCE CollegiateZone The garden for quiet reflection is planned for outside .	SOURCE CollegiateZone A garden for quiet reflection is planned for outside .	the_a	7750
The heart-healthy reading should be under 200 .	A heart-healthy reading should be under 200 .	the_a	7751
The investigation is under way to find out what happened .	An investigation is under way to find out what happened .	the_a	7752
The rule requiring helmets for batters was adopted in 1971 .	A rule requiring helmets for batters was adopted in 1971 .	the_a	7753
The MAN has been charged with murder in an apparent case of water-rage .	A MAN has been charged with murder in an apparent case of water-rage .	the_a	7754
" The homosexual lifestyle is a harmful one , " she added .	" A homosexual lifestyle is a harmful one , " she added .	the_a	7755
The Islamic cleric led mourners in prayers .	An Islamic cleric led mourners in prayers .	the_a	7756
The sense of fear has once again descended over Karachi .	A sense of fear has once again descended over Karachi .	the_a	7757
The third are more than 15 minutes late .	A third are more than 15 minutes late .	the_a	7758
The typical negotiation should follow this basic pattern .	A typical negotiation should follow this basic pattern .	the_a	7759
The ensemble of 31 members - that is a ballet company .	An ensemble of 31 members - that is a ballet company .	the_a	7760
On the constant currency basis , this represents growth of 11.3 % .	On a constant currency basis , this represents growth of 11.3 % .	the_a	7761
McCline , the 37-year-old American , is 28-7-3 with 23 KOs .	McCline , a 37-year-old American , is 28-7-3 with 23 KOs .	the_a	7762
Josh Hooten , the 266-pound guard , got it twice .	Josh Hooten , a 266-pound guard , got it twice .	the_a	7763
, the CNOOC Ltd. subsidiary , acts as the Operator .	, a CNOOC Ltd. subsidiary , acts as the Operator .	the_a	7764
The viable solution must come through diplomacy , it concluded .	A viable solution must come through diplomacy , it concluded .	the_a	7765
The collective groan went around the room .	A collective groan went around the room .	the_a	7766
The eclectic musician like Mr. Nelson can sit in with just about anyone .	An eclectic musician like Mr. Nelson can sit in with just about anyone .	the_a	7767
But the crusade to rid society of what ?	But a crusade to rid society of what ?	the_a	7768
The scholar finds that religion meant power for Greek women .	A scholar finds that religion meant power for Greek women .	the_a	7769
the few months after she would turned four .	a few months after she would turned four .	the_a	7770
Once upon the time in the monomedia world , the reviewer was king .	Once upon a time in the monomedia world , the reviewer was king .	the_a	7771
The handful of fires are still burning , but they are mostly contained .	A handful of fires are still burning , but they are mostly contained .	the_a	7772
In the interview yesterday , the judge made the matter more concrete .	In an interview yesterday , the judge made the matter more concrete .	the_a	7773
The alliance with her secular party would lend him badly needed democratic legitimacy .	An alliance with her secular party would lend him badly needed democratic legitimacy .	the_a	7774
Occasionally , the school might fill in the wrong blank .	Occasionally , a school might fill in the wrong blank .	the_a	7775
Christina Pretto , the Citigroup spokeswoman , declined to comment .	Christina Pretto , a Citigroup spokeswoman , declined to comment .	the_a	7776
The total of 10,800 people were evacuated from the 55-floor building .	A total of 10,800 people were evacuated from the 55-floor building .	the_a	7777
The coffee break , that is , courtesy of Maxwell House .	A coffee break , that is , courtesy of Maxwell House .	the_a	7778
The Merrill spokesman said that Mr Fink was not offered the job .	A Merrill spokesman said that Mr Fink was not offered the job .	the_a	7779
The missing person 's report was filed on Sunday for 18-year-old Julian McCormick .	A missing person 's report was filed on Sunday for 18-year-old Julian McCormick .	the_a	7780
The academic career is closed to those who cannot do so .	An academic career is closed to those who cannot do so .	the_a	7781
Commission member Thomas Moore , the Democrat , objected to the provision .	Commission member Thomas Moore , a Democrat , objected to the provision .	the_a	7782
Jim Keary , the spokesman for Johnson , disputed Smith 's characterization .	Jim Keary , a spokesman for Johnson , disputed Smith 's characterization .	the_a	7783
The video released Friday showed a video of Bin Laden .	A video released Friday showed a video of Bin Laden .	the_a	7784
The post-mortem examination is expected to be carried out later .	A post-mortem examination is expected to be carried out later .	the_a	7785
The colleague helped me get a trolley for Wiley 's kennel .	A colleague helped me get a trolley for Wiley 's kennel .	the_a	7786
The storm hit rural Monroe County , 55 miles north of Columbia .	A storm hit rural Monroe County , 55 miles north of Columbia .	the_a	7787
The total of 250,000 people were urged to evacuate .	A total of 250,000 people were urged to evacuate .	the_a	7788
The U.S. military spokesman declined to comment .	A U.S. military spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	7789
The 12-year-old boy is crushed against a fence by a car .	A 12-year-old boy is crushed against a fence by a car .	the_a	7790
The Central Scotland Police spokesman denied hiring the assistants amounted to cheap policing .	A Central Scotland Police spokesman denied hiring the assistants amounted to cheap policing .	the_a	7791
The Capital Guardian spokesman declined to comment .	A Capital Guardian spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	7792
By comparison , the college chemistry lab could be level 1 .	By comparison , a college chemistry lab could be level 1 .	the_a	7793
The month before that , 14 marines were killed in Basilan .	A month before that , 14 marines were killed in Basilan .	the_a	7794
Roy Dahle , the Mormon , had almost the opposite experience .	Roy Dahle , a Mormon , had almost the opposite experience .	the_a	7795
The lot of things are involved in his unhappiness and his bad moments .	A lot of things are involved in his unhappiness and his bad moments .	the_a	7796
In the raspy voice he sings with a rather liberal relationship to pitch .	In a raspy voice he sings with a rather liberal relationship to pitch .	the_a	7797
The move into the hardware business could be risky for Google .	A move into the hardware business could be risky for Google .	the_a	7798
The latrine could be constructed for a cost of less than a dollar .	A latrine could be constructed for a cost of less than a dollar .	the_a	7799
Even the small blemish and people will point fingers at her .	Even a small blemish and people will point fingers at her .	the_a	7800
However , the higher jobless rate also reflects a growing labor force .	However , a higher jobless rate also reflects a growing labor force .	the_a	7801
" " So the guy 's gonna come in and shave me .	" " So a guy 's gonna come in and shave me .	the_a	7802
Now , all of the sudden , I hate the military .	Now , all of a sudden , I hate the military .	the_a	7803
The attached letter from little Samantha 's former pediatrician supports this .	An attached letter from little Samantha 's former pediatrician supports this .	the_a	7804
Offer everyone the chance to ride on your spaceship .	Offer everyone a chance to ride on your spaceship .	the_a	7805
The taxi driver is recovering after being attacked and robbed in Essex .	A taxi driver is recovering after being attacked and robbed in Essex .	the_a	7806
The investigation found it was caused by a faulty set of points .	An investigation found it was caused by a faulty set of points .	the_a	7807
The Poet Speaks They opted to spend time first in Kenya .	A Poet Speaks They opted to spend time first in Kenya .	the_a	7808
If the election is called , what happens to parliamentary business ?	If an election is called , what happens to parliamentary business ?	the_a	7809
The body covered in ice has been found in the Lake District .	A body covered in ice has been found in the Lake District .	the_a	7810
The second option is to force the bank into bankruptcy .	A second option is to force the bank into bankruptcy .	the_a	7811
But the weapon that we must find some way to neutralise .	But a weapon that we must find some way to neutralise .	the_a	7812
Overall , though , " The Slipping Glimpse " felt too long .	Overall , though , " A Slipping Glimpse " felt too long .	the_a	7813
Despite its size , the frontier market can reward investors handsomely .	Despite its size , a frontier market can reward investors handsomely .	the_a	7814
And yesterday , the Spanish court announced their sentence .	And yesterday , a Spanish court announced their sentence .	the_a	7815
The awful lot of teams can use a guy like that .	An awful lot of teams can use a guy like that .	the_a	7816
However , the number of issues are even now unresolved .	However , a number of issues are even now unresolved .	the_a	7817
The massive drought - the worst the state had experienced in 100 years .	A massive drought - the worst the state had experienced in 100 years .	the_a	7818
The few moments later , he was dead .	A few moments later , he was dead .	the_a	7819
The decision is expected from the 6th Circuit Court in late 2007 .	A decision is expected from the 6th Circuit Court in late 2007 .	the_a	7820
The VETERAN mountain runner has died while jogging near his home in Inverness .	A VETERAN mountain runner has died while jogging near his home in Inverness .	the_a	7821
The similar maths is at work with scandals .	A similar maths is at work with scandals .	the_a	7822
The lot of hockey players are doing it now .	A lot of hockey players are doing it now .	the_a	7823
The burly bodyguard finally extricated him and Khaled left to even louder applause .	A burly bodyguard finally extricated him and Khaled left to even louder applause .	the_a	7824
The airplane can be heard in the background .	An airplane can be heard in the background .	the_a	7825
The wop sound was common when mothers were together with their young .	A wop sound was common when mothers were together with their young .	the_a	7826
The single lawmaker from the opposition Republican People 's Party voted against it .	A single lawmaker from the opposition Republican People 's Party voted against it .	the_a	7827
The touchdown might have rendered everything that came next irrelevant , Gibbs says .	A touchdown might have rendered everything that came next irrelevant , Gibbs says .	the_a	7828
But the close inspection reveals flaws .	But a close inspection reveals flaws .	the_a	7829
The message was left Wednesday for a West Hartford police spokeswoman .	A message was left Wednesday for a West Hartford police spokeswoman .	the_a	7830
-- The 20-foot-tall sculpted rose that blooms with a pyrotechnic show .	-- A 20-foot-tall sculpted rose that blooms with a pyrotechnic show .	the_a	7831
The Why did not you go to see your GP ?	A Why did not you go to see your GP ?	the_a	7832
The Ford spokeswoman declined to comment on the talks .	A Ford spokeswoman declined to comment on the talks .	the_a	7833
The spokesman for KKR declined to comment on the financing .	A spokesman for KKR declined to comment on the financing .	the_a	7834
The single battery charge provides up to 7,500 pages of continuous reading .	A single battery charge provides up to 7,500 pages of continuous reading .	the_a	7835
The lot of things can happen in between .	A lot of things can happen in between .	the_a	7836
The senior U.S. official in Europe said there is no U.S.-European split .	A senior U.S. official in Europe said there is no U.S.-European split .	the_a	7837
When the new year arrives , the pace of prognostications increases .	When a new year arrives , the pace of prognostications increases .	the_a	7838
The house near Running Springs , California , goes up in flames Tuesday .	A house near Running Springs , California , goes up in flames Tuesday .	the_a	7839
What the difference two years has made .	What a difference two years has made .	the_a	7840
The growing grassroots movement is pushing for more states to require the shot .	A growing grassroots movement is pushing for more states to require the shot .	the_a	7841
United by the common foe , McCain spoke up for Huckabee .	United by a common foe , McCain spoke up for Huckabee .	the_a	7842
With the camera , you actually see what they do .	With a camera , you actually see what they do .	the_a	7843
The signing fee of $ 10.8 million was received .	A signing fee of $ 10.8 million was received .	the_a	7844
If such the mishap is technologically possible , trust me to have it .	If such a mishap is technologically possible , trust me to have it .	the_a	7845
Any suggestion that such the discussion violates the Basic Agreement is absurd .	Any suggestion that such a discussion violates the Basic Agreement is absurd .	the_a	7846
More than the dozen schools in the area were locked down .	More than a dozen schools in the area were locked down .	the_a	7847
The post-mortem examination is due to take place later .	A post-mortem examination is due to take place later .	the_a	7848
The pullback is not unexpected following such gains .	A pullback is not unexpected following such gains .	the_a	7849
The full half of the audience was new to the Signature .	A full half of the audience was new to the Signature .	the_a	7850
Without the healthy childhood , so much of life is against you .	Without a healthy childhood , so much of life is against you .	the_a	7851
Next Door to the Poignant Memory Don 't count on it .	Next Door to a Poignant Memory Don 't count on it .	the_a	7852
The IMG spokesman did not respond to a telephone message requesting a comment .	An IMG spokesman did not respond to a telephone message requesting a comment .	the_a	7853
The band met them at the airport .	A band met them at the airport .	the_a	7854
The amateur mistake that you would not expect from the Clinton team .	An amateur mistake that you would not expect from the Clinton team .	the_a	7855
The serve and smash at the net makes it 3-1 .	A serve and smash at the net makes it 3-1 .	the_a	7856
The second phase of the split season is scheduled for Dec. 3-8 .	A second phase of the split season is scheduled for Dec. 3-8 .	the_a	7857
On the fourth-and-1 from its 33-yard line , Illinois lined up to punt .	On a fourth-and-1 from its 33-yard line , Illinois lined up to punt .	the_a	7858
New offer The city that was the welfare capital of America .	New offer A city that was the welfare capital of America .	the_a	7859
The glass ceiling was installed where the stairs were shut off .	A glass ceiling was installed where the stairs were shut off .	the_a	7860
The lot is now riding on this golden age of stability continuing .	A lot is now riding on this golden age of stability continuing .	the_a	7861
The advance text was obtained by the Times .	An advance text was obtained by the Times .	the_a	7862
The male would be found dead the next day .	A male would be found dead the next day .	the_a	7863
The 41-year-old local man is being questioned in Exeter .	A 41-year-old local man is being questioned in Exeter .	the_a	7864
The freeze is the surest way to prevent that .	A freeze is the surest way to prevent that .	the_a	7865
But the few nasty surprises could make markets tremor all over again .	But a few nasty surprises could make markets tremor all over again .	the_a	7866
Greg Aiello , the N.F.L. spokesman , defended the league 's substance-abuse rules .	Greg Aiello , an N.F.L. spokesman , defended the league 's substance-abuse rules .	the_a	7867
The defensive coach , Kashtan fielded four attackers , all of them novices .	A defensive coach , Kashtan fielded four attackers , all of them novices .	the_a	7868
The spokesman for Camden County did not return a call seeking comment .	A spokesman for Camden County did not return a call seeking comment .	the_a	7869
Johnson , with the injured ankle , took a bronze medal .	Johnson , with an injured ankle , took a bronze medal .	the_a	7870
The court ruled that 300 villagers must also leave their homes .	A court ruled that 300 villagers must also leave their homes .	the_a	7871
The Iraqi police officer in the area corroborated Abu Ibrahim 's account .	An Iraqi police officer in the area corroborated Abu Ibrahim 's account .	the_a	7872
The shaft of the underground courtyard will let in natural light .	The shaft of an underground courtyard will let in natural light .	the_a	7873
The pale aquamarine swimming pool and pleached alley complete the Provençal mood .	A pale aquamarine swimming pool and pleached alley complete the Provençal mood .	the_a	7874
The protest rally was held outside the gun store yesterday .	A protest rally was held outside the gun store yesterday .	the_a	7875
The estimated 150,000 could be bought back into use .	An estimated 150,000 could be bought back into use .	the_a	7876
" The poem is like a naked person , " Haynes said .	" A poem is like a naked person , " Haynes said .	the_a	7877
The Williams clash looms after that .	A Williams clash looms after that .	the_a	7878
The day without music , however , is maybe worth pondering .	A day without music , however , is maybe worth pondering .	the_a	7879
The favorite among Barcelona 's moneyed-set , Paco Meralgo is astonishingly good .	A favorite among Barcelona 's moneyed-set , Paco Meralgo is astonishingly good .	the_a	7880
The Wal-Mart spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	A Wal-Mart spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	7881
In comparison , the loaded Sport Trac tops out under $ 40,000 .	In comparison , a loaded Sport Trac tops out under $ 40,000 .	the_a	7882
Three Chadians and the Sudanese are being tried with the French as accomplices .	Three Chadians and a Sudanese are being tried with the French as accomplices .	the_a	7883
But at the caucus , this would be tantamount to a tsunami .	But at a caucus , this would be tantamount to a tsunami .	the_a	7884
The portion of the compensation would involve stock , the person said .	A portion of the compensation would involve stock , the person said .	the_a	7885
The rundown of the contests to watch follows .	A rundown of the contests to watch follows .	the_a	7886
The spokesman at Morocco 's foreign ministry said he had no immediate comment .	A spokesman at Morocco 's foreign ministry said he had no immediate comment .	the_a	7887
The shared apartment could enable that access , she said .	A shared apartment could enable that access , she said .	the_a	7888
After just the few months , I discovered I was pregnant .	After just a few months , I discovered I was pregnant .	the_a	7889
The mature Lake Ontario king salmon can easily weigh 30 pounds .	A mature Lake Ontario king salmon can easily weigh 30 pounds .	the_a	7890
The advance copy of Paulson 's speech was obtained by the Washington Post .	An advance copy of Paulson 's speech was obtained by the Washington Post .	the_a	7891
The pub has been damaged and football fans assaulted during trouble in Londonderry .	A pub has been damaged and football fans assaulted during trouble in Londonderry .	the_a	7892
But now , the Manhattan judge is calling the shots .	But now , a Manhattan judge is calling the shots .	the_a	7893
Two walks and the Ramírez single loaded the bases again for Boston .	Two walks and a Ramírez single loaded the bases again for Boston .	the_a	7894
The solid combination of quarterback-receiver-coach-defense almost guarantees success .	A solid combination of quarterback-receiver-coach-defense almost guarantees success .	the_a	7895
The few began stoning cars outside .	A few began stoning cars outside .	the_a	7896
The elected board of directors makes and enforces the rules .	An elected board of directors makes and enforces the rules .	the_a	7897
The specific release date has not been set , however , he said .	A specific release date has not been set , however , he said .	the_a	7898
The series of errors followed .	A series of errors followed .	the_a	7899
The woman has been seriously sexually assaulted near a Kent railway station .	A woman has been seriously sexually assaulted near a Kent railway station .	the_a	7900
Then , all of the sudden , it stops .	Then , all of a sudden , it stops .	the_a	7901
The number of civilians were wounded , it said .	A number of civilians were wounded , it said .	the_a	7902
The century later , patients still die in much the same way .	A century later , patients still die in much the same way .	the_a	7903
The post-mortem examination revealed he died from multiple injuries .	A post-mortem examination revealed he died from multiple injuries .	the_a	7904
The car rental location fee of about $ 35 is not included .	A car rental location fee of about $ 35 is not included .	the_a	7905
For the reporter , they are not that uncommon .	For a reporter , they are not that uncommon .	the_a	7906
The replay of the call will be archived on the Company 's website .	A replay of the call will be archived on the Company 's website .	the_a	7907
The British official said Monday 's agreement would not change this .	A British official said Monday 's agreement would not change this .	the_a	7908
What the difference a few months made .	What a difference a few months made .	the_a	7909
The space heater appeared to be the source of the carbon monoxide .	A space heater appeared to be the source of the carbon monoxide .	the_a	7910
The reconstitution is a reconstitution .	A reconstitution is a reconstitution .	the_a	7911
When the car went by , it looked like a louder voice .	When a car went by , it looked like a louder voice .	the_a	7912
The copy of the document was seen Monday by The Associated Press .	A copy of the document was seen Monday by The Associated Press .	the_a	7913
" The storm is coming , " Missouri defensive tackle Lorenzo Williams said .	" A storm is coming , " Missouri defensive tackle Lorenzo Williams said .	the_a	7914
Room service and the 24-hour concierge will be available .	Room service and a 24-hour concierge will be available .	the_a	7915
The few hours before the Jayhawks won , Missouri beat Kansas State 49-32 .	A few hours before the Jayhawks won , Missouri beat Kansas State 49-32 .	the_a	7916
The technology showcase will highlight the latest high-tech offerings for home care providers .	A technology showcase will highlight the latest high-tech offerings for home care providers .	the_a	7917
The hearing on the case is due to start on Friday .	A hearing on the case is due to start on Friday .	the_a	7918
The potential that was never realized .	A potential that was never realized .	the_a	7919
Unbeknown to the couple , the police investigation was being launched .	Unbeknown to the couple , a police investigation was being launched .	the_a	7920
The favorable Senate vote is considered likely .	A favorable Senate vote is considered likely .	the_a	7921
The West Virginia activist , Jim Tate , agreed .	A West Virginia activist , Jim Tate , agreed .	the_a	7922
The anti-capital-punishment resolution introduced by Italy was defeated in 1994 .	An anti-capital-punishment resolution introduced by Italy was defeated in 1994 .	the_a	7923
The proposal is expected to be announced soon .	A proposal is expected to be announced soon .	the_a	7924
The slotted time of 10 minutes became an hour .	A slotted time of 10 minutes became an hour .	the_a	7925
Or rather , the black upside-down cross .	Or rather , a black upside-down cross .	the_a	7926
For the while , his condition seemed to improve .	For a while , his condition seemed to improve .	the_a	7927
The long resume does not guarantee good judgment .	A long resume does not guarantee good judgment .	the_a	7928
And the similar power struggle is playing out in the religious establishment .	And a similar power struggle is playing out in the religious establishment .	the_a	7929
And then the wall of blue-shirted Giants and nowhere to run .	And then a wall of blue-shirted Giants and nowhere to run .	the_a	7930
The car is essential to tour the battlefields around Verdun .	A car is essential to tour the battlefields around Verdun .	the_a	7931
Last week , the co-worker handed her a card .	Last week , a co-worker handed her a card .	the_a	7932
The Your dealer is wrong .	A Your dealer is wrong .	the_a	7933
, the dangerous " backdoor way " to draw down additional forces .	, a dangerous " backdoor way " to draw down additional forces .	the_a	7934
The sixth woman survived the attacks .	A sixth woman survived the attacks .	the_a	7935
The additional $ 11 million property sale closed in October 2007 .	An additional $ 11 million property sale closed in October 2007 .	the_a	7936
During the recent discussion , drugs , violence and poverty were running themes .	During a recent discussion , drugs , violence and poverty were running themes .	the_a	7937
And the video , it follows , is worth even more .	And a video , it follows , is worth even more .	the_a	7938
By Katie Paul The composer explodes .	By Katie Paul A composer explodes .	the_a	7939
The spokesman for Hsu said he had not spoken with him .	A spokesman for Hsu said he had not spoken with him .	the_a	7940
The lawyer for Morris was not immediately available .	A lawyer for Morris was not immediately available .	the_a	7941
The brigade has between 3,500 and 4,500 troops .	A brigade has between 3,500 and 4,500 troops .	the_a	7942
The new case is diagnosed every hour .	A new case is diagnosed every hour .	the_a	7943
The replay of the call will be available through September 20 , 2007 .	A replay of the call will be available through September 20 , 2007 .	the_a	7944
As a result , when the company gets reports , we recall products .	As a result , when a company gets reports , we recall products .	the_a	7945
What the dire ratio that is .	What a dire ratio that is .	the_a	7946
The neighbor enters .	A neighbor enters .	the_a	7947
Basics like the airport remain to be built .	Basics like an airport remain to be built .	the_a	7948
The assassination kit , DI Lyons called it .	An assassination kit , DI Lyons called it .	the_a	7949
, the position he has held since December 1975 .	, a position he has held since December 1975 .	the_a	7950
The Centerville police dispatcher said McFarland was charged in Erin Stanley 's death .	A Centerville police dispatcher said McFarland was charged in Erin Stanley 's death .	the_a	7951
The caldera is essentially a collapsed volcano .	A caldera is essentially a collapsed volcano .	the_a	7952
The Yohji Yamamoto show can be long .	A Yohji Yamamoto show can be long .	the_a	7953
The Saudi " CSI " is in full swing .	A Saudi " CSI " is in full swing .	the_a	7954
The year is a lifetime in this game .	A year is a lifetime in this game .	the_a	7955
The poster campaign has been launched featuring a computer reconstruction of her face .	A poster campaign has been launched featuring a computer reconstruction of her face .	the_a	7956
The gallon will cost you $ 3.48 there .	A gallon will cost you $ 3.48 there .	the_a	7957
Mr. Bush , during the news conference , appeared unconcerned .	Mr. Bush , during a news conference , appeared unconcerned .	the_a	7958
The recording will be available by phone for seven days .	A recording will be available by phone for seven days .	the_a	7959
The lot of my videos are a narration - they tell a story .	A lot of my videos are a narration - they tell a story .	the_a	7960
Mary Ball , 16 , also the junior , agreed .	Mary Ball , 16 , also a junior , agreed .	the_a	7961
The much higher proportion of Marianne 's members are cash-down entrepreneurs .	A much higher proportion of Marianne 's members are cash-down entrepreneurs .	the_a	7962
The President 's Passion Goff is a divorced mother , he said .	A President 's Passion Goff is a divorced mother , he said .	the_a	7963
On the recent trip on Silverjet , it was easy to see why .	On a recent trip on Silverjet , it was easy to see why .	the_a	7964
And the lack of brand recognition actually helps .	And a lack of brand recognition actually helps .	the_a	7965
The external cooler keeps oil temperatures within a safe range .	An external cooler keeps oil temperatures within a safe range .	the_a	7966
The contractor gave him an estimate of $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 .	A contractor gave him an estimate of $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 .	the_a	7967
His organization , ultra-important in the caucus state , lags the other candidates .	His organization , ultra-important in a caucus state , lags the other candidates .	the_a	7968
The hydrating formula ensures a smooth coat of color .	A hydrating formula ensures a smooth coat of color .	the_a	7969
The Roth spokesman also declined comment .	A Roth spokesman also declined comment .	the_a	7970
The ECB auction the same day shifted € 50 billion of three-month money .	An ECB auction the same day shifted € 50 billion of three-month money .	the_a	7971
The message left by ABC News for Giddens was not immediately returned .	A message left by ABC News for Giddens was not immediately returned .	the_a	7972
The message left with Treciokas on Wednesday was not immediately returned .	A message left with Treciokas on Wednesday was not immediately returned .	the_a	7973
The message left for Lewitzke 's attorney was not immediately returned Wednesday .	A message left for Lewitzke 's attorney was not immediately returned Wednesday .	the_a	7974
The number of cabs defied the strike .	A number of cabs defied the strike .	the_a	7975
Suddenly the commonplace theater becomes a palace .	Suddenly a commonplace theater becomes a palace .	the_a	7976
The satellite-based system could handle about three times current air traffic levels .	A satellite-based system could handle about three times current air traffic levels .	the_a	7977
How much of the political issue it remains depends on the PP .	How much of a political issue it remains depends on the PP .	the_a	7978
The additional 1,724 people were missing , the Disaster Management Ministry said .	An additional 1,724 people were missing , the Disaster Management Ministry said .	the_a	7979
The wet spring also helped boost yields .	A wet spring also helped boost yields .	the_a	7980
" " The temple is a powerful icon for any community .	" " A temple is a powerful icon for any community .	the_a	7981
But for the lot of us , it is very hit or miss .	But for a lot of us , it is very hit or miss .	the_a	7982
, the former board member who supported Hornsby 's hiring .	, a former board member who supported Hornsby 's hiring .	the_a	7983
Moses , the supporter of Young 's , was found not guilty .	Moses , a supporter of Young 's , was found not guilty .	the_a	7984
The prospect for the resolution of the deadlock remains uncertain .	The prospect for a resolution of the deadlock remains uncertain .	the_a	7985
Talks on the formation of the governing coalition are ongoing .	Talks on the formation of a governing coalition are ongoing .	the_a	7986
The person can drink water that has Naegleria fowleri and never be infected .	A person can drink water that has Naegleria fowleri and never be infected .	the_a	7987
The earlier inquest found that the judge 's death was accidental .	An earlier inquest found that the judge 's death was accidental .	the_a	7988
The leopard could in a minute .	A leopard could in a minute .	the_a	7989
What if the hacker gained access to the site ?	What if a hacker gained access to the site ?	the_a	7990
The interior ministry spokesman said many others would be released soon .	A interior ministry spokesman said many others would be released soon .	the_a	7991
The similar protest was held Sunday .	A similar protest was held Sunday .	the_a	7992
At the playground , the lieutenant warned his boss what to expect .	At the playground , a lieutenant warned his boss what to expect .	the_a	7993
The Sheffield FC visitors centre will feature in the club 's future plans .	A Sheffield FC visitors centre will feature in the club 's future plans .	the_a	7994
The 21-year-old man has been arrested and is being questioned .	A 21-year-old man has been arrested and is being questioned .	the_a	7995
" The normal person could not have done it , " he said .	" A normal person could not have done it , " he said .	the_a	7996
After the five-year investigation , police filed criminal charges .	After a five-year investigation , police filed criminal charges .	the_a	7997
The unspoken rule forbids trying hard .	An unspoken rule forbids trying hard .	the_a	7998
The family friend played volleyball there , though , which prompted a visit .	A family friend played volleyball there , though , which prompted a visit .	the_a	7999
What the great opportunity that is .	What a great opportunity that is .	the_a	8000
But in the recent interview , Mr. Trippi made a slight amendment .	But in a recent interview , Mr. Trippi made a slight amendment .	the_a	8001
But the dermatologist and skin-aging expert who spoke to WebMD remains skeptical .	But a dermatologist and skin-aging expert who spoke to WebMD remains skeptical .	the_a	8002
Well , suddenly the option is looming on the horizon .	Well , suddenly an option is looming on the horizon .	the_a	8003
But the lack of the clear , school-by-school count frustrates some parents .	But the lack of a clear , school-by-school count frustrates some parents .	the_a	8004
The racing car on the road will be brutal , unforgiving and noisy .	A racing car on the road will be brutal , unforgiving and noisy .	the_a	8005
The week later it is Croatia 's turn .	A week later it is Croatia 's turn .	the_a	8006
The representative of Highbridge Apartments declined to comment .	A representative of Highbridge Apartments declined to comment .	the_a	8007
The diminutive figure , he always wore boots with high cuban-style heels .	A diminutive figure , he always wore boots with high cuban-style heels .	the_a	8008
However , the estimated 600,000 are also living here illegally .	However , an estimated 600,000 are also living here illegally .	the_a	8009
The important part of the evangelical narrative is overcoming the devil .	An important part of the evangelical narrative is overcoming the devil .	the_a	8010
Ladron que roba the ladron But the execution can be tricky .	Ladron que roba a ladron But the execution can be tricky .	the_a	8011
The strengthening dollar has also led to lower oil prices , Shum said .	A strengthening dollar has also led to lower oil prices , Shum said .	the_a	8012
The decision is expected mid-October .	A decision is expected mid-October .	the_a	8013
The man in Ireland saw the picture and called authorities .	A man in Ireland saw the picture and called authorities .	the_a	8014
Another ambitious overview of the giant subject has happier results .	Another ambitious overview of a giant subject has happier results .	the_a	8015
Three years later the Tanzanian beat the Italian 's time by three minutes .	Three years later a Tanzanian beat the Italian 's time by three minutes .	the_a	8016
How to Prune the Shrub But it did not make much difference .	How to Prune a Shrub But it did not make much difference .	the_a	8017
The trickle of warm blood ran down her face .	A trickle of warm blood ran down her face .	the_a	8018
The pull-out recycling bin and waste basket are handy .	A pull-out recycling bin and waste basket are handy .	the_a	8019
Earlier , the government official said 64 people had died .	Earlier , a government official said 64 people had died .	the_a	8020
Poor finish after the good build up with Franck Ribery to the fore .	Poor finish after a good build up with Franck Ribery to the fore .	the_a	8021
The considered approach to this market is required .	A considered approach to this market is required .	the_a	8022
The opt-out system would also depend on organisations behaving appropriately .	An opt-out system would also depend on organisations behaving appropriately .	the_a	8023
-- the guy who works at Staples .	-- a guy who works at Staples .	the_a	8024
Only the very small percentage of people are candidates for the genetic test .	Only a very small percentage of people are candidates for the genetic test .	the_a	8025
The larger the business , the greater the chance it offers health insurance .	The larger a business , the greater the chance it offers health insurance .	the_a	8026
The secret policeman is in the business of fear .	A secret policeman is in the business of fear .	the_a	8027
The red notice for five Iranians would put Iran on the defensive again .	A red notice for five Iranians would put Iran on the defensive again .	the_a	8028
The second defendant was acquitted .	A second defendant was acquitted .	the_a	8029
Hotel searches on Farecast.com display on the map showing where they are located .	Hotel searches on Farecast.com display on a map showing where they are located .	the_a	8030
The spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office declined to comment .	A spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office declined to comment .	the_a	8031
Suddenly , the bus comes dangerously close to the cab .	Suddenly , a bus comes dangerously close to the cab .	the_a	8032
The deflected slap shot hit him , damaging his right retina .	A deflected slap shot hit him , damaging his right retina .	the_a	8033
On the like-for-like basis , the increase amounts to about 5 % .	On a like-for-like basis , the increase amounts to about 5 % .	the_a	8034
One more chapter in the boxing rivalry that no one saw coming .	One more chapter in a boxing rivalry that no one saw coming .	the_a	8035
CHICAGO -- The car circles a high-rise three times .	CHICAGO -- A car circles a high-rise three times .	the_a	8036
The Fisk spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment .	A Fisk spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment .	the_a	8037
The AstraZeneca spokesman said that the approval was " significant " for Crestor .	An AstraZeneca spokesman said that the approval was " significant " for Crestor .	the_a	8038
The parallel measure is in the Senate pipeline .	A parallel measure is in the Senate pipeline .	the_a	8039
If the whale 's tail crashes into you , you 've had it .	If a whale 's tail crashes into you , you 've had it .	the_a	8040
, the deal that has been the subject of inquiries by the FBI .	, a deal that has been the subject of inquiries by the FBI .	the_a	8041
The similar law was passed in New York last year .	A similar law was passed in New York last year .	the_a	8042
The referendum was held on the constitution in April .	A referendum was held on the constitution in April .	the_a	8043
Right now , the portents for the accurate count are not good .	Right now , the portents for an accurate count are not good .	the_a	8044
At 8 : 46 a.m. , the door swung open to admit reporters .	At 8 : 46 a.m. , a door swung open to admit reporters .	the_a	8045
On that basis , the nation 's drinking destiny was determined .	On that basis , a nation 's drinking destiny was determined .	the_a	8046
The spokeswoman for Crocs declined to comment for this article .	A spokeswoman for Crocs declined to comment for this article .	the_a	8047
The further 15 people were stopped for speeding on Finchampstead Road .	A further 15 people were stopped for speeding on Finchampstead Road .	the_a	8048
The watch says something about yourself .	A watch says something about yourself .	the_a	8049
The helpline was set up for relatives of affected families .	A helpline was set up for relatives of affected families .	the_a	8050
The new operating system is often more about anticipation than delivery .	A new operating system is often more about anticipation than delivery .	the_a	8051
Hazey : From the patient 's perspective , it is cosmetically beneficial .	Hazey : From a patient 's perspective , it is cosmetically beneficial .	the_a	8052
The abysmal ignorance of Iraq and Islam underlay such beliefs .	An abysmal ignorance of Iraq and Islam underlay such beliefs .	the_a	8053
Bonus : the glass-walled kitchen means you can watch the chefs in action .	Bonus : a glass-walled kitchen means you can watch the chefs in action .	the_a	8054
The trial was scheduled for November .	A trial was scheduled for November .	the_a	8055
The similar protest reportedly was lodged earlier this week by Iran .	A similar protest reportedly was lodged earlier this week by Iran .	the_a	8056
The receipt is also needed for warranty service .	A receipt is also needed for warranty service .	the_a	8057
The total of 115 patients participated .	A total of 115 patients participated .	the_a	8058
The sharp vanilla aftertaste made it undrinkable for most .	A sharp vanilla aftertaste made it undrinkable for most .	the_a	8059
The three-day trial is now scheduled for Feb. 19 .	A three-day trial is now scheduled for Feb. 19 .	the_a	8060
The inauguration ceremony scheduled for Sunday was canceled until further notice .	An inauguration ceremony scheduled for Sunday was canceled until further notice .	the_a	8061
The traveler with more time could tour nearby Helena , Ark .	A traveler with more time could tour nearby Helena , Ark .	the_a	8062
They aregymnosperms , the group that also includes firs and pines .	They aregymnosperms , a group that also includes firs and pines .	the_a	8063
" " The likelihood of the surprise is not high .	" " The likelihood of a surprise is not high .	the_a	8064
In the recent interview , Roberts and his wife denied wrongdoing .	In a recent interview , Roberts and his wife denied wrongdoing .	the_a	8065
The new KDP-led government is announced at the parliament building in Irbil .	A new KDP-led government is announced at the parliament building in Irbil .	the_a	8066
, the social media Web site , the company said on Sunday .	, a social media Web site , the company said on Sunday .	the_a	8067
The teetotal vegetarian , he has little truck with possessions .	A teetotal vegetarian , he has little truck with possessions .	the_a	8068
During the session with Ms. Penberg , she mentioned her stifling debt .	During a session with Ms. Penberg , she mentioned her stifling debt .	the_a	8069
The foundation must have governing documents such as articles of incorporation and bylaws .	A foundation must have governing documents such as articles of incorporation and bylaws .	the_a	8070
The few critics of the regime inside Iran have gone public .	A few critics of the regime inside Iran have gone public .	the_a	8071
In the lowest level of action , the letter of non-compliance is sent .	In the lowest level of action , a letter of non-compliance is sent .	the_a	8072
The drummer with those troops , John Jamieson , bought Berkeley in 1907 .	A drummer with those troops , John Jamieson , bought Berkeley in 1907 .	the_a	8073
The Iraqi Kurdish official told AFP the soldiers were on their way home .	An Iraqi Kurdish official told AFP the soldiers were on their way home .	the_a	8074
The quick repeat motion of the handles ejects the cork .	A quick repeat motion of the handles ejects the cork .	the_a	8075
The few tenths of a percentage point do not sound like much .	A few tenths of a percentage point do not sound like much .	the_a	8076
The administration spokesman denied that Nelson Reichart of Towson was fired improperly .	An administration spokesman denied that Nelson Reichart of Towson was fired improperly .	the_a	8077
The MBA does not .	An MBA does not .	the_a	8078
The family dog named Skrappy was the only victim .	A family dog named Skrappy was the only victim .	the_a	8079
The lot of people do not like to hear that .	A lot of people do not like to hear that .	the_a	8080
Maybe the cup of moth broth would warm them up .	Maybe a cup of moth broth would warm them up .	the_a	8081
The Standard Chartered spokesman said its SIV was seeking alternative funding .	A Standard Chartered spokesman said its SIV was seeking alternative funding .	the_a	8082
The steel girder fell during the search on Monday .	A steel girder fell during the search on Monday .	the_a	8083
The little dose of reality will help us in the future .	A little dose of reality will help us in the future .	the_a	8084
Twelve passengers and the pilot were aboard , police and witnesses said .	Twelve passengers and a pilot were aboard , police and witnesses said .	the_a	8085
The Gen-Y leader delegates to help the worker achieve their goals .	A Gen-Y leader delegates to help the worker achieve their goals .	the_a	8086
With the sense of humor , that is how .	With a sense of humor , that is how .	the_a	8087
Trickery : The match for anything Shunsuke Nakamura can do with the ball .	Trickery : A match for anything Shunsuke Nakamura can do with the ball .	the_a	8088
The ruling is expected by summer .	A ruling is expected by summer .	the_a	8089
The 16-gigabyte version will cost $ 399 .	A 16-gigabyte version will cost $ 399 .	the_a	8090
The lot of people cannot do that .	A lot of people cannot do that .	the_a	8091
In the instant he will be trampled .	In an instant he will be trampled .	the_a	8092
Like the huge Christmas tree , the house was festooned with lights .	Like a huge Christmas tree , the house was festooned with lights .	the_a	8093
The new $ 100 bill will follow .	A new $ 100 bill will follow .	the_a	8094
The additional edge could go to triathletes who use silicone-based sunscreen formulations .	An additional edge could go to triathletes who use silicone-based sunscreen formulations .	the_a	8095
The commission spokesman declined to comment yesterday , citing confidentiality rules .	A commission spokesman declined to comment yesterday , citing confidentiality rules .	the_a	8096
For others , the little bit of history will come much cheaper .	For others , a little bit of history will come much cheaper .	the_a	8097
The presidential veto might blow the farm debate wide open .	A presidential veto might blow the farm debate wide open .	the_a	8098
The unparalleled network of waterways and luxury vessels makes slowing down a cinch .	An unparalleled network of waterways and luxury vessels makes slowing down a cinch .	the_a	8099
The dozen candidates are on the Oct. 20 ballot .	A dozen candidates are on the Oct. 20 ballot .	the_a	8100
During that time , the total of 2,505 individuals started antihypertensive drug treatment .	During that time , a total of 2,505 individuals started antihypertensive drug treatment .	the_a	8101
The U.S. team 's path to the third title is fraught with danger .	The U.S. team 's path to a third title is fraught with danger .	the_a	8102
The bold experiment could be just what East New York needs .	A bold experiment could be just what East New York needs .	the_a	8103
The new study seems to suggest that this is the case .	A new study seems to suggest that this is the case .	the_a	8104
The police report showed the van was stolen in June .	A police report showed the van was stolen in June .	the_a	8105
The helicopter team plucked her from the rugged terrain .	A helicopter team plucked her from the rugged terrain .	the_a	8106
The defeat in that chamber would topple Abe .	A defeat in that chamber would topple Abe .	the_a	8107
But the piggyback mortgage is tougher to find for people with less-than-stellar credit .	But a piggyback mortgage is tougher to find for people with less-than-stellar credit .	the_a	8108
The case for the nationwide medical computer is equally trivial .	The case for a nationwide medical computer is equally trivial .	the_a	8109
On the individual basis , there is logic behind all six .	On an individual basis , there is logic behind all six .	the_a	8110
The autumn storm is approaching and we pull into the pits .	An autumn storm is approaching and we pull into the pits .	the_a	8111
The radical Islamist is jailed for life for the murder in July 2005 .	A radical Islamist is jailed for life for the murder in July 2005 .	the_a	8112
The man takes a swing at creating art -- with a heavy hammer .	A man takes a swing at creating art -- with a heavy hammer .	the_a	8113
The e-mail arrives from the Literary Editor of The Times .	An e-mail arrives from the Literary Editor of The Times .	the_a	8114
Certainly the bad guy with power can do plenty of harm .	Certainly a bad guy with power can do plenty of harm .	the_a	8115
Plans for the complete UK withdrawal from Basra were rejected .	Plans for a complete UK withdrawal from Basra were rejected .	the_a	8116
The breeze for Federer who took the match in straight sets .	A breeze for Federer who took the match in straight sets .	the_a	8117
In the first , the photon is polarised either vertically or horizontally .	In the first , a photon is polarised either vertically or horizontally .	the_a	8118
The diagnosis of colon cancer is not necessarily a death sentence .	A diagnosis of colon cancer is not necessarily a death sentence .	the_a	8119
The golf academy and driving range would be next door .	A golf academy and driving range would be next door .	the_a	8120
The link to the live and archived webcast will be available at www.gigamedia.com.tw .	A link to the live and archived webcast will be available at www.gigamedia.com.tw .	the_a	8121
Reindeer herding , the hard calling , suddenly seemed glamorous .	Reindeer herding , a hard calling , suddenly seemed glamorous .	the_a	8122
The pocket-sized one weighing less than 2 pounds hit the market last week .	A pocket-sized one weighing less than 2 pounds hit the market last week .	the_a	8123
The whiff of fear emanates from all sides .	A whiff of fear emanates from all sides .	the_a	8124
The honorary consul representing Norway in Scotland will be appointed next summer .	An honorary consul representing Norway in Scotland will be appointed next summer .	the_a	8125
The transitional government steered the country towards elections in 2005 .	A transitional government steered the country towards elections in 2005 .	the_a	8126
The final decision will not be taken until autumn next year .	A final decision will not be taken until autumn next year .	the_a	8127
, the group that manages the Nina Jo Associates property .	, a group that manages the Nina Jo Associates property .	the_a	8128
The inquiry has begun into what caused the fire .	An inquiry has begun into what caused the fire .	the_a	8129
The final vote would come Nov. 1 or after .	A final vote would come Nov. 1 or after .	the_a	8130
The inquest ruled that he died from Sudden Adult Death Syndrome .	An inquest ruled that he died from Sudden Adult Death Syndrome .	the_a	8131
The passcode is needed for the replay : 19660622 .	A passcode is needed for the replay : 19660622 .	the_a	8132
The 8-gigabyte version will cost $ 299 .	An 8-gigabyte version will cost $ 299 .	the_a	8133
Our desire for the hero is as unsettling as it is instructive .	Our desire for a hero is as unsettling as it is instructive .	the_a	8134
The hearing is scheduled for tomorrow in Family Court in Queens .	A hearing is scheduled for tomorrow in Family Court in Queens .	the_a	8135
The officer nearby chased him and grabbed him , they said .	An officer nearby chased him and grabbed him , they said .	the_a	8136
The fresh grave has been opened in the floor .	A fresh grave has been opened in the floor .	the_a	8137
The woman 's body was lying in the grass .	A woman 's body was lying in the grass .	the_a	8138
Half the dozen volunteer mentors helped the participants make their ideas more concrete .	Half a dozen volunteer mentors helped the participants make their ideas more concrete .	the_a	8139
The lot of companies are not going to be successful .	A lot of companies are not going to be successful .	the_a	8140
Agriculture , the important sector , relies on antiquated equipment and old-fashioned methods .	Agriculture , an important sector , relies on antiquated equipment and old-fashioned methods .	the_a	8141
The wide suede belt with the signature Gucci stirrup tightly cinched the waist .	A wide suede belt with the signature Gucci stirrup tightly cinched the waist .	the_a	8142
The result may be restriction of some peak-time flights , the newspaper said .	A result may be restriction of some peak-time flights , the newspaper said .	the_a	8143
The McCain spokeswoman said Giuliani misunderstands the electoral map .	A McCain spokeswoman said Giuliani misunderstands the electoral map .	the_a	8144
The string of phonecalls gave warnings about explosives on other motorways .	A string of phonecalls gave warnings about explosives on other motorways .	the_a	8145
In the event of the second round a simple majority suffices .	In the event of a second round a simple majority suffices .	the_a	8146
Eric Benson , the student at Wartburg College , echoed that argument .	Eric Benson , a student at Wartburg College , echoed that argument .	the_a	8147
The hotel representative apologized to you for the misunderstanding .	A hotel representative apologized to you for the misunderstanding .	the_a	8148
WHEN the museum behaves badly , it is never pretty .	WHEN a museum behaves badly , it is never pretty .	the_a	8149
The firearm was also found at the club .	A firearm was also found at the club .	the_a	8150
In western Baluchistan , the flickering separatist insurgency is flaring .	In western Baluchistan , a flickering separatist insurgency is flaring .	the_a	8151
Out front , the rainbow flag sagged in the heavy air .	Out front , a rainbow flag sagged in the heavy air .	the_a	8152
" The high-class problem , " a studio chief said .	" A high-class problem , " a studio chief said .	the_a	8153
The lot fewer have seen one .	A lot fewer have seen one .	the_a	8154
The union spokesman was not available for comment .	A union spokesman was not available for comment .	the_a	8155
Maybe the young mother-to-be cannot get sick leave to see her doctor .	Maybe a young mother-to-be cannot get sick leave to see her doctor .	the_a	8156
, at 89 , the family friend said .	, at 89 , a family friend said .	the_a	8157
But now , the American doctor has proposed possible treatment .	But now , an American doctor has proposed possible treatment .	the_a	8158
The teacher had overheard the boys talking and questioned one of them .	A teacher had overheard the boys talking and questioned one of them .	the_a	8159
The Democratic congressional aide summed it up differently .	A Democratic congressional aide summed it up differently .	the_a	8160
The fourth war would only bring about destructive effects against the entire region .	A fourth war would only bring about destructive effects against the entire region .	the_a	8161
Plus , the few regular features are moving to new days .	Plus , a few regular features are moving to new days .	the_a	8162
' " the senior defense official told reporters en route to Iraq .	' " a senior defense official told reporters en route to Iraq .	the_a	8163
The second-story balcony runs along three sides of the pool .	A second-story balcony runs along three sides of the pool .	the_a	8164
The decision in the case is due next year .	A decision in the case is due next year .	the_a	8165
In Quebec , the all-party legislature committee has endorsed the idea .	In Quebec , an all-party legislature committee has endorsed the idea .	the_a	8166
The bout of slow-wave sleep in a human may last for hours .	A bout of slow-wave sleep in a human may last for hours .	the_a	8167
The simple valve blocks any downward flow when the pipe is moving upwards .	A simple valve blocks any downward flow when the pipe is moving upwards .	the_a	8168
The decrease in violence , even if temporary , is important to note .	A decrease in violence , even if temporary , is important to note .	the_a	8169
The total of 300 potential jurors received summonses .	A total of 300 potential jurors received summonses .	the_a	8170
The new bull market began before the end of the year .	A new bull market began before the end of the year .	the_a	8171
The replay of the call will be available through November 21st at 888-286-8010 .	A replay of the call will be available through November 21st at 888-286-8010 .	the_a	8172
Within the few years there will likely be 100 .	Within a few years there will likely be 100 .	the_a	8173
Another soldier and the Afghan interpreter were wounded , it said .	Another soldier and an Afghan interpreter were wounded , it said .	the_a	8174
The really big dipper is approaching the meridian high toward the south .	A really big dipper is approaching the meridian high toward the south .	the_a	8175
The message seeking comment was left with UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	A message seeking comment was left with UAW spokesman Roger Kerson .	the_a	8176
The judge ordered Simpson be held without bail , Sgt John Loretto said .	A judge ordered Simpson be held without bail , Sgt John Loretto said .	the_a	8177
Gold , though traditionally the safe-haven investment , continued to slide .	Gold , though traditionally a safe-haven investment , continued to slide .	the_a	8178
The changing climate is the only certainty , he said .	A changing climate is the only certainty , he said .	the_a	8179
The Reuters spokeswoman did not immediately return a call for comment .	A Reuters spokeswoman did not immediately return a call for comment .	the_a	8180
£ 0.5bn the year to fund major developments , including new hospital projects .	£ 0.5bn a year to fund major developments , including new hospital projects .	the_a	8181
The black stone indicates when she was raped there before her next birthday .	A black stone indicates when she was raped there before her next birthday .	the_a	8182
The delicious , great tasting--and of course healthy--food find ?	A delicious , great tasting--and of course healthy--food find ?	the_a	8183
The airfield lies nearby .	An airfield lies nearby .	the_a	8184
But Morricone 's definition of the great score might surprise you .	But Morricone 's definition of a great score might surprise you .	the_a	8185
The few jokesters had their peers in stitches .	A few jokesters had their peers in stitches .	the_a	8186
The indictment is a formal accusation not evidence of guilt .	An indictment is a formal accusation not evidence of guilt .	the_a	8187
During the hike , he displayed signs of elevated body temperature -- hyperthermia .	During a hike , he displayed signs of elevated body temperature -- hyperthermia .	the_a	8188
The amateur photographer on the side -- his Flickr page has a following .	An amateur photographer on the side -- his Flickr page has a following .	the_a	8189
In Cambodia , $ 100 the month is a decent wage .	In Cambodia , $ 100 a month is a decent wage .	the_a	8190
The fatwa is a religious legal ruling .	A fatwa is a religious legal ruling .	the_a	8191
The search and rescue operation involving helicopters and lifeboats was launched .	A search and rescue operation involving helicopters and lifeboats was launched .	the_a	8192
By 2006 the fifth of all new mortgages were subprime .	By 2006 a fifth of all new mortgages were subprime .	the_a	8193
The intravenous drip is inserted in the arm .	An intravenous drip is inserted in the arm .	the_a	8194
The total of 108 of the Sri Lankan peacekeepers are being sent home .	A total of 108 of the Sri Lankan peacekeepers are being sent home .	the_a	8195
The Conference That Works So there are so many gates in this fort .	A Conference That Works So there are so many gates in this fort .	the_a	8196
In the honest moment , the Knicks may say the same .	In an honest moment , the Knicks may say the same .	the_a	8197
Really beautiful bath products to the friend who only has a shower .	Really beautiful bath products to a friend who only has a shower .	the_a	8198
Later the more intimate examination yields the opposite answer .	Later a more intimate examination yields the opposite answer .	the_a	8199
The makeshift bomb exploded near him in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near him in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	the_a	8200
The Category 1 Hurricane has winds of at least 74 mph .	A Category 1 Hurricane has winds of at least 74 mph .	the_a	8201
The magnum provides twice the pleasure !	A magnum provides twice the pleasure !	the_a	8202
Now , the new era has officially begun in baseball .	Now , a new era has officially begun in baseball .	the_a	8203
The prosecutor and a relative of the boy rejected Davis ' assertions .	A prosecutor and a relative of the boy rejected Davis ' assertions .	the_a	8204
The delay of game penalty pushed the Jets back 5 yards .	A delay of game penalty pushed the Jets back 5 yards .	the_a	8205
The fine balance must be found between managing insulin sensitivity and losing weight .	A fine balance must be found between managing insulin sensitivity and losing weight .	the_a	8206
Or the free dress , it seems .	Or a free dress , it seems .	the_a	8207
The message left by the AP for Riccio was not immediately returned .	A message left by the AP for Riccio was not immediately returned .	the_a	8208
But even the adult cat needs care .	But even an adult cat needs care .	the_a	8209
Still , the great portion of the U.S. population is aging .	Still , a great portion of the U.S. population is aging .	the_a	8210
How the generation formed our tech landscape .	How a generation formed our tech landscape .	the_a	8211
The fighter cannot stomp the other man on the ground .	A fighter cannot stomp the other man on the ground .	the_a	8212
About Inverness How Bad the Idea Is This ?	About Inverness How Bad an Idea Is This ?	the_a	8213
The confession is probably in order about now .	A confession is probably in order about now .	the_a	8214
The day is a taste .	A day is a taste .	the_a	8215
The sentencing hearing that began after the verdict was to continue Thursday .	A sentencing hearing that began after the verdict was to continue Thursday .	the_a	8216
The Afghan soldier was also killed during the clashes .	An Afghan soldier was also killed during the clashes .	the_a	8217
So the very painful death is a perfectly plausible outcome .	So a very painful death is a perfectly plausible outcome .	the_a	8218
Whether the clinician has an ax to grind .	Whether a clinician has an ax to grind .	the_a	8219
The recent " inspirational " trip was made to the Coca-Cola factory .	A recent " inspirational " trip was made to the Coca-Cola factory .	the_a	8220
The week later Haskanita itself was razed .	A week later Haskanita itself was razed .	the_a	8221
( Christine Seib ) Aug. 24 The few facts have emerged .	( Christine Seib ) Aug. 24 A few facts have emerged .	the_a	8222
But gossip about the stranger lacks this greater context .	But gossip about a stranger lacks this greater context .	the_a	8223
The C & The division had 3,900 employees .	The C & A division had 3,900 employees .	the_a	8224
The new and pious Anatolian bourgeoisie is rising up .	A new and pious Anatolian bourgeoisie is rising up .	the_a	8225
The tirade at a toilet got a Pennsylvania woman in trouble .	A tirade at a toilet got a Pennsylvania woman in trouble .	the_a	8226
The new program is helping to do just that .	A new program is helping to do just that .	the_a	8227
The copy was shown to The Associated Press .	A copy was shown to The Associated Press .	the_a	8228
The spokesman for the show said the taped interview will air as planned .	A spokesman for the show said the taped interview will air as planned .	the_a	8229
The former Vogue model , Arabella suffered severe bouts of depression .	A former Vogue model , Arabella suffered severe bouts of depression .	the_a	8230
Wouldn 't the Yankees-Dodgers World Series complete that circle ?	Wouldn 't a Yankees-Dodgers World Series complete that circle ?	the_a	8231
The tight close-up on this picture could read only as looking good .	A tight close-up on this picture could read only as looking good .	the_a	8232
The CAR FULL OF YOUNG MUSLIMS IS randomly pulled over by the police .	A CAR FULL OF YOUNG MUSLIMS IS randomly pulled over by the police .	the_a	8233
How painful the experience was the writing ?	How painful an experience was the writing ?	the_a	8234
The good ratafia exploits the seasons and transcends them .	A good ratafia exploits the seasons and transcends them .	the_a	8235
The great and noble man who We in Great Britain betrayed .	A great and noble man who We in Great Britain betrayed .	the_a	8236
The trial date for Cassio has not been set .	A trial date for Cassio has not been set .	the_a	8237
But Ms. Carpenter , the writer , does not live on a farm .	But Ms. Carpenter , a writer , does not live on a farm .	the_a	8238
The spokesman for the Cubs said the name might be a first .	A spokesman for the Cubs said the name might be a first .	the_a	8239
The band has also written a song to help raise money .	A band has also written a song to help raise money .	the_a	8240
For the few miles neither said anything .	For a few miles neither said anything .	the_a	8241
The professor spoke of celebrating with him after he successfully defended his dissertation .	A professor spoke of celebrating with him after he successfully defended his dissertation .	the_a	8242
The permissive parenting style encourages children to love themselves .	A permissive parenting style encourages children to love themselves .	the_a	8243
The lot of improvements have been made to the 2008 Taurus .	A lot of improvements have been made to the 2008 Taurus .	the_a	8244
The square black hat kept slipping down over his eyes .	A square black hat kept slipping down over his eyes .	the_a	8245
, where the woman and her two daughters were killed on July 23 .	, where a woman and her two daughters were killed on July 23 .	the_a	8246
The few days later , more students allegedly stole chemistry exams .	A few days later , more students allegedly stole chemistry exams .	the_a	8247
After the heated struggle , the detectives managed to handcuff him .	After a heated struggle , the detectives managed to handcuff him .	the_a	8248
The certain princess with a funny hairdo is in custody .	A certain princess with a funny hairdo is in custody .	the_a	8249
The few weeks later he died .	A few weeks later he died .	the_a	8250
The space this big is not kind to musical clarity .	A space this big is not kind to musical clarity .	the_a	8251
The kiss was just a kiss until Deborah Kerr came along .	A kiss was just a kiss until Deborah Kerr came along .	the_a	8252
Isn 't that what the best friend does ?	Isn 't that what a best friend does ?	the_a	8253
The consumer credit licence is not even required .	A consumer credit licence is not even required .	the_a	8254
Only about the dozen are thought to have survived .	Only about a dozen are thought to have survived .	the_a	8255
The aide leaned in to turn off his mike .	An aide leaned in to turn off his mike .	the_a	8256
And the grating of Parmesan over all is never a mistake .	And a grating of Parmesan over all is never a mistake .	the_a	8257
How the dogged commitment to the peace process eventually bore fruit .	How a dogged commitment to the peace process eventually bore fruit .	the_a	8258
The frozen section confirms the adequacy of the operation within 20 minutes .	A frozen section confirms the adequacy of the operation within 20 minutes .	the_a	8259
The technological advance , say , can set off investment booms .	A technological advance , say , can set off investment booms .	the_a	8260
Earlier , the majority of Republicans broke with Bush on immigration legislation .	Earlier , a majority of Republicans broke with Bush on immigration legislation .	the_a	8261
Darcie Brossart , the spokeswoman for J.C. Penney , echoed that sentiment .	Darcie Brossart , a spokeswoman for J.C. Penney , echoed that sentiment .	the_a	8262
The chances of the perfect 15-of-15 betting record in that situation are astronomical .	The chances of a perfect 15-of-15 betting record in that situation are astronomical .	the_a	8263
The depreciation of the currency is not in itself to be feared .	A depreciation of the currency is not in itself to be feared .	the_a	8264
The police spokesman said his disappearance was out of character .	A police spokesman said his disappearance was out of character .	the_a	8265
The hurricane watch is in effect from Manzanillo to Cabo Corrientes .	A hurricane watch is in effect from Manzanillo to Cabo Corrientes .	the_a	8266
The extra set of stables is a luxury that Crowe can afford .	An extra set of stables is a luxury that Crowe can afford .	the_a	8267
What the good girl you are .	What a good girl you are .	the_a	8268
The great deal rests on those questions .	A great deal rests on those questions .	the_a	8269
The firefighter was also injured , but was in stable condition Saturday evening .	A firefighter was also injured , but was in stable condition Saturday evening .	the_a	8270
After the sloppy homicide leaves a witness , this should be easy .	After a sloppy homicide leaves a witness , this should be easy .	the_a	8271
The silvery-white tree is suspended in midair .	A silvery-white tree is suspended in midair .	the_a	8272
The specific target for deaths would concentrate minds .	A specific target for deaths would concentrate minds .	the_a	8273
' " Ivanovic , the Serb , said , laughing .	' " Ivanovic , a Serb , said , laughing .	the_a	8274
The kind of stalemate took hold at the Dia board meetings .	A kind of stalemate took hold at the Dia board meetings .	the_a	8275
The fire union spokesman said no organized demonstration by firefighters was planned .	A fire union spokesman said no organized demonstration by firefighters was planned .	the_a	8276
The man has been arrested in connection with the death .	A man has been arrested in connection with the death .	the_a	8277
The Aug. 14 Business item incorrectly said The Washington Post Co .	An Aug. 14 Business item incorrectly said The Washington Post Co .	the_a	8278
The inquest into her death was told she died from a drug overdose .	An inquest into her death was told she died from a drug overdose .	the_a	8279
Now the sweep is mandatory .	Now a sweep is mandatory .	the_a	8280
The second potential use is among people who need coronary bypasses .	A second potential use is among people who need coronary bypasses .	the_a	8281
The logic of elusiveness that we must retain .	A logic of elusiveness that we must retain .	the_a	8282
The spokesman said both victims were black .	A spokesman said both victims were black .	the_a	8283
The thick layer of clouds now covered the moon and the twinkling stars .	A thick layer of clouds now covered the moon and the twinkling stars .	the_a	8284
The Iraqi deputy state minister is expected in Turkey today .	An Iraqi deputy state minister is expected in Turkey today .	the_a	8285
Kickoff Returns 6-127 1-0 Three insurgents on the water tower are reported killed .	Kickoff Returns 6-127 1-0 Three insurgents on a water tower are reported killed .	the_a	8286
Mr. Murtha , the Pennsylvania Democrat , declined to comment to Roll Call .	Mr. Murtha , a Pennsylvania Democrat , declined to comment to Roll Call .	the_a	8287
So the year later he returned to get an additional 2,400 grafts done .	So a year later he returned to get an additional 2,400 grafts done .	the_a	8288
The grizzled and bald 60-year-old Arab man came to the door .	A grizzled and bald 60-year-old Arab man came to the door .	the_a	8289
The cast this size is not entirely unprecedented .	A cast this size is not entirely unprecedented .	the_a	8290
The expedition to Mars remains a long-term ambition for Roskosmos , he said .	An expedition to Mars remains a long-term ambition for Roskosmos , he said .	the_a	8291
The HOLIDAYMAKER left behind almost £ 10,000 of jewellery in a hotel room .	A HOLIDAYMAKER left behind almost £ 10,000 of jewellery in a hotel room .	the_a	8292
Just the lot of luck comes with that , and good fortune .	Just a lot of luck comes with that , and good fortune .	the_a	8293
The daughter drives her to the distant town of Ellsworth for cheaper shopping .	A daughter drives her to the distant town of Ellsworth for cheaper shopping .	the_a	8294
The TEENAGER was critically injured in a road crash , it emerged yesterday .	A TEENAGER was critically injured in a road crash , it emerged yesterday .	the_a	8295
The Suharto lawyer welcomed the ruling .	A Suharto lawyer welcomed the ruling .	the_a	8296
The recent strike call by the Congress of Trade Unions was largely ignored .	A recent strike call by the Congress of Trade Unions was largely ignored .	the_a	8297
In scenarios , the 20-year horizon is common .	In scenarios , a 20-year horizon is common .	the_a	8298
, the unaffiliated third party , which was represented by Mike Wenzler .	, an unaffiliated third party , which was represented by Mike Wenzler .	the_a	8299
Thomson , the Doonie , stood on the edge as planned .	Thomson , a Doonie , stood on the edge as planned .	the_a	8300
, the staple on comedy central , responded to Colbert 's announcement .	, a staple on comedy central , responded to Colbert 's announcement .	the_a	8301
Well , the couple of months , as it happens .	Well , a couple of months , as it happens .	the_a	8302
The final bill would then go to the President .	A final bill would then go to the President .	the_a	8303
The makeshift bomb and grenades hit his truck in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb and grenades hit his truck in Baghdad .	the_a	8304
The information page will be provided for any software needed and system requirements .	An information page will be provided for any software needed and system requirements .	the_a	8305
After the shot-clock violation , Cash missed , but Ford grabbed the rebound .	After a shot-clock violation , Cash missed , but Ford grabbed the rebound .	the_a	8306
Some lenders , for the fee , can modify a loan contract .	Some lenders , for a fee , can modify a loan contract .	the_a	8307
The first printing of 200,000 is planned .	A first printing of 200,000 is planned .	the_a	8308
The air force spokesman said the incident could lead to courts martial .	An air force spokesman said the incident could lead to courts martial .	the_a	8309
The framed photo of Benito Mussolini and Saddam Hussein hang above his desk .	A framed photo of Benito Mussolini and Saddam Hussein hang above his desk .	the_a	8310
The time-lapse video of the event shows just how strange it looked .	A time-lapse video of the event shows just how strange it looked .	the_a	8311
The spokesman for the Consumer Product Safety Commission also declined to comment .	A spokesman for the Consumer Product Safety Commission also declined to comment .	the_a	8312
The lot of stress comes with family and romantic relationships .	A lot of stress comes with family and romantic relationships .	the_a	8313
Like the can of those cheap Tesco baked beans ?	Like a can of those cheap Tesco baked beans ?	the_a	8314
The Office Depot spokesman declined comment .	An Office Depot spokesman declined comment .	the_a	8315
The post-mortem examination showed that he died of head injuries .	A post-mortem examination showed that he died of head injuries .	the_a	8316
The special spray designed to curb appetite may work , too .	A special spray designed to curb appetite may work , too .	the_a	8317
Five workers the year will get the prize .	Five workers a year will get the prize .	the_a	8318
Two legs and the left arm were found later .	Two legs and a left arm were found later .	the_a	8319
The coroner 's inquest has been called and police have launched an investigation .	A coroner 's inquest has been called and police have launched an investigation .	the_a	8320
From the driving standpoint , the C350 's genes are all Mercedes .	From a driving standpoint , the C350 's genes are all Mercedes .	the_a	8321
The additional 12-month maintenance plan is $ 249 .	An additional 12-month maintenance plan is $ 249 .	the_a	8322
The decision will be taken on the centre 's future on 6 December .	A decision will be taken on the centre 's future on 6 December .	the_a	8323
But the spokesman for the party denied that its workers were involved .	But a spokesman for the party denied that its workers were involved .	the_a	8324
The few stores in the region opened as early as midnight .	A few stores in the region opened as early as midnight .	the_a	8325
The demonstrator throws a bottle Tuesday during a protest in Caracas , Venezuela .	A demonstrator throws a bottle Tuesday during a protest in Caracas , Venezuela .	the_a	8326
The park in Larchmont was their field for a few years .	A park in Larchmont was their field for a few years .	the_a	8327
The archaeological seminar on the find is being planned .	An archaeological seminar on the find is being planned .	the_a	8328
The state prosecutor has been asked to consider whether he should be prosecuted .	A state prosecutor has been asked to consider whether he should be prosecuted .	the_a	8329
The statement was expected to be issued by police later Friday .	A statement was expected to be issued by police later Friday .	the_a	8330
The alternate , more-direct route is by eBay and international shipping .	An alternate , more-direct route is by eBay and international shipping .	the_a	8331
The industrial company had called Lehman with a problem .	An industrial company had called Lehman with a problem .	the_a	8332
The local teacher was among those killed .	A local teacher was among those killed .	the_a	8333
The clerk confirmed that those state tax liens have been satisfied .	A clerk confirmed that those state tax liens have been satisfied .	the_a	8334
Without the place to wash , skin lesions fester .	Without a place to wash , skin lesions fester .	the_a	8335
The row about China threatens to be far more serious .	A row about China threatens to be far more serious .	the_a	8336
The New Kind of Business , the Same Old Problems Ya think ?	A New Kind of Business , the Same Old Problems Ya think ?	the_a	8337
The search of the shack where her apparent assailant lived revealed her handbag .	A search of the shack where her apparent assailant lived revealed her handbag .	the_a	8338
Nevertheless , the jury recommended the death penalty in August .	Nevertheless , a jury recommended the death penalty in August .	the_a	8339
Mr. Bradford , the defensive lineman , was a 21-year-old junior .	Mr. Bradford , a defensive lineman , was a 21-year-old junior .	the_a	8340
The first few seconds of the cross-examination can make or break its effectiveness .	The first few seconds of a cross-examination can make or break its effectiveness .	the_a	8341
The satellite image from August shows a building going up in Syria .	A satellite image from August shows a building going up in Syria .	the_a	8342
The Cambridgeshire Police spokesman said one person was fatally injured in the incident .	A Cambridgeshire Police spokesman said one person was fatally injured in the incident .	the_a	8343
The frown appeared .	A frown appeared .	the_a	8344
All hope for the spurt of momentum and fear a sudden loss .	All hope for a spurt of momentum and fear a sudden loss .	the_a	8345
The investigation into the cause of the explosion has begun .	An investigation into the cause of the explosion has begun .	the_a	8346
The Taliban spokesman originally signaled that the hardline militia might consider that .	A Taliban spokesman originally signaled that the hardline militia might consider that .	the_a	8347
The spokesman for Mr. Nelson declined to comment .	A spokesman for Mr. Nelson declined to comment .	the_a	8348
The set of recent yoga DVDs demonstrates the point .	A set of recent yoga DVDs demonstrates the point .	the_a	8349
For the while I let her .	For a while I let her .	the_a	8350
In 1985 , the volcano erupted in Colombia , killing 25,000 people .	In 1985 , a volcano erupted in Colombia , killing 25,000 people .	the_a	8351
" " After the while , you just give up .	" " After a while , you just give up .	the_a	8352
Northern Rock Granted Emergency Funding The coroner ruled the deaths homicides .	Northern Rock Granted Emergency Funding A coroner ruled the deaths homicides .	the_a	8353
The list of the questions was provided by a participant .	A list of the questions was provided by a participant .	the_a	8354
The steward wandered past and asked what he was doing .	A steward wandered past and asked what he was doing .	the_a	8355
The trained professional certified by the American Society of Appraisers can help .	A trained professional certified by the American Society of Appraisers can help .	the_a	8356
The family friend who possessed it for a short time committed suicide .	A family friend who possessed it for a short time committed suicide .	the_a	8357
The large number of people lost their traditional means of livelihood .	A large number of people lost their traditional means of livelihood .	the_a	8358
The 60-day notice is required before filing a lawsuit in California .	A 60-day notice is required before filing a lawsuit in California .	the_a	8359
, the city where they knew almost no one .	, a city where they knew almost no one .	the_a	8360
The government-appointed liaison officer also met with Ms Suu Kyi .	A government-appointed liaison officer also met with Ms Suu Kyi .	the_a	8361
The high-tech infrastructure is what makes all this instant data available .	A high-tech infrastructure is what makes all this instant data available .	the_a	8362
The report emerged yesterday that the Clinton campaign ignored warnings about Hsu .	A report emerged yesterday that the Clinton campaign ignored warnings about Hsu .	the_a	8363
Smith , the fifth-round pick , has carried 10 times for 19 yards .	Smith , a fifth-round pick , has carried 10 times for 19 yards .	the_a	8364
The police officer purchased one of the salty burgers and became sick .	A police officer purchased one of the salty burgers and became sick .	the_a	8365
The message left for country club officials Friday night was not immediately returned .	A message left for country club officials Friday night was not immediately returned .	the_a	8366
, for the organizational meeting early next week to decide Torre 's future .	, for an organizational meeting early next week to decide Torre 's future .	the_a	8367
The States spokesman said constant checks are carried out on the site .	A States spokesman said constant checks are carried out on the site .	the_a	8368
But for these students , the single concern was paramount : opportunity .	But for these students , a single concern was paramount : opportunity .	the_a	8369
The CPSC spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	A CPSC spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	8370
" In the good way , " she added with a chuckle .	" In a good way , " she added with a chuckle .	the_a	8371
The examination of the economic news offered little to boost investor sentiment .	An examination of the economic news offered little to boost investor sentiment .	the_a	8372
The year later the Princess gave her own interview and admitted to hers .	A year later the Princess gave her own interview and admitted to hers .	the_a	8373
Throughout the impressive business career , he has driven growth and transformation .	Throughout an impressive business career , he has driven growth and transformation .	the_a	8374
The contractor tugged the dog 's leash and spoke sharply to it .	A contractor tugged the dog 's leash and spoke sharply to it .	the_a	8375
The three-day pass , purchased in advance , costs $ 40 .	A three-day pass , purchased in advance , costs $ 40 .	the_a	8376
The aide was also dispatched to hand the waitress $ 20 .	An aide was also dispatched to hand the waitress $ 20 .	the_a	8377
The 21-year-old man is in custody being questioned by police .	A 21-year-old man is in custody being questioned by police .	the_a	8378
But the bailout it is .	But a bailout it is .	the_a	8379
The CNN producer accidentally finished it later .	A CNN producer accidentally finished it later .	the_a	8380
The town still hopes to some day recover .	A town still hopes to some day recover .	the_a	8381
The big hurdle was the potential price tag .	A big hurdle was the potential price tag .	the_a	8382
BASICALLY , the crossroads was passed in the Drexel / Milken scandals .	BASICALLY , a crossroads was passed in the Drexel / Milken scandals .	the_a	8383
SOON , the line was forming at the top of Danby Slide .	SOON , a line was forming at the top of Danby Slide .	the_a	8384
The spokesman apologised to customers for any inconvenience caused .	A spokesman apologised to customers for any inconvenience caused .	the_a	8385
The similiar case , against Salim Ahmed Hamdan , is pending at Guantanamo .	A similiar case , against Salim Ahmed Hamdan , is pending at Guantanamo .	the_a	8386
The iron ship would have distorted ; timber would have burned .	An iron ship would have distorted ; timber would have burned .	the_a	8387
The blood-sugar test was not taken .	A blood-sugar test was not taken .	the_a	8388
More than 2,500 homes in the Hampshire town are without electricity .	More than 2,500 homes in a Hampshire town are without electricity .	the_a	8389
The single fan in the corner of the room hardly stirs the air .	A single fan in the corner of the room hardly stirs the air .	the_a	8390
Finally , the suitable interpreter was found and sworn in .	Finally , a suitable interpreter was found and sworn in .	the_a	8391
The woman found lying on a pavement with serious injuries has died .	A woman found lying on a pavement with serious injuries has died .	the_a	8392
Moreover , the mysterious woman seems to be stalking him .	Moreover , a mysterious woman seems to be stalking him .	the_a	8393
The nationwide ban for the movement of livestock is in effect .	A nationwide ban for the movement of livestock is in effect .	the_a	8394
At the loss , we said nothing for a weirdly long time .	At a loss , we said nothing for a weirdly long time .	the_a	8395
The priest drinks a small amount of the wine during the mass .	A priest drinks a small amount of the wine during the mass .	the_a	8396
The police officer accused of rape has had the charge dropped .	A police officer accused of rape has had the charge dropped .	the_a	8397
Sam Brownback , the Kansas senator , is simply trying to stay alive .	Sam Brownback , a Kansas senator , is simply trying to stay alive .	the_a	8398
The 29-year-old local man was arrested by officers later .	A 29-year-old local man was arrested by officers later .	the_a	8399
The new school Ysgol Ardal Penrhyndeudraeth will be created on a new site .	A new school Ysgol Ardal Penrhyndeudraeth will be created on a new site .	the_a	8400
Like the sponge , he seems to soak up everything wherever he goes .	Like a sponge , he seems to soak up everything wherever he goes .	the_a	8401
" The tremendous job , " Acta said .	" A tremendous job , " Acta said .	the_a	8402
The third brother , Jason Hubbard , was in a nearby copter .	A third brother , Jason Hubbard , was in a nearby copter .	the_a	8403
Yet once upon the time , they most certainly did .	Yet once upon a time , they most certainly did .	the_a	8404
The criminal jury acquitted him of murder charges .	A criminal jury acquitted him of murder charges .	the_a	8405
The award such as this pulls the warring worlds together for a night .	An award such as this pulls the warring worlds together for a night .	the_a	8406
After the while she got up and went to the book rack .	After a while she got up and went to the book rack .	the_a	8407
The man has been charged with killing a Chinese DVD seller .	A man has been charged with killing a Chinese DVD seller .	the_a	8408
After ten years of defeat the certain habit of pessimism had spread .	After ten years of defeat a certain habit of pessimism had spread .	the_a	8409
The decision by the constitutional court is expected by early next year .	A decision by the constitutional court is expected by early next year .	the_a	8410
The cameraman for a local TV station was also killed .	A cameraman for a local TV station was also killed .	the_a	8411
The Your bike is fairly heavy for a ladies ' model .	A Your bike is fairly heavy for a ladies ' model .	the_a	8412
Griese , the 10-year veteran , is 32 .	Griese , a 10-year veteran , is 32 .	the_a	8413
Drosselmeyer , the man of mystery , arrives .	Drosselmeyer , a man of mystery , arrives .	the_a	8414
In the statement , King said officials were investigating .	In a statement , King said officials were investigating .	the_a	8415
The status conference in the case is set for Nov. 5 .	A status conference in the case is set for Nov. 5 .	the_a	8416
The lot of people did not want us to do it .	A lot of people did not want us to do it .	the_a	8417
The Associated Press reporter saw police bundle about 250 lawyers into waiting vans .	An Associated Press reporter saw police bundle about 250 lawyers into waiting vans .	the_a	8418
The spokeswoman for K.K.R. would not comment beyond the announcement .	A spokeswoman for K.K.R. would not comment beyond the announcement .	the_a	8419
Lomond Handley , the surviving relative , disputes Koltsov 's story .	Lomond Handley , a surviving relative , disputes Koltsov 's story .	the_a	8420
The onset of diabetes later deprived him of chocolate , his one indulgence .	An onset of diabetes later deprived him of chocolate , his one indulgence .	the_a	8421
Certainly without any justification , but the concern that I have .	Certainly without any justification , but a concern that I have .	the_a	8422
Miguel Canales , the MFC official , declined to comment .	Miguel Canales , an MFC official , declined to comment .	the_a	8423
The weekend later and it is 14,325 and growing .	A weekend later and it is 14,325 and growing .	the_a	8424
The 85-year-old man has died in a fire at a property in Lancashire .	An 85-year-old man has died in a fire at a property in Lancashire .	the_a	8425
The quick Google search did not do much to clear up my confusion .	A quick Google search did not do much to clear up my confusion .	the_a	8426
The private two- or three-night getaway can certainly do wonders to restore romance .	A private two- or three-night getaway can certainly do wonders to restore romance .	the_a	8427
Mr. Thompson , the former senator from Tennessee , finished fourth .	Mr. Thompson , a former senator from Tennessee , finished fourth .	the_a	8428
The lowly member earns more than twice the average blue-collar wage .	A lowly member earns more than twice the average blue-collar wage .	the_a	8429
" The perfect birthday , " she declares .	" A perfect birthday , " she declares .	the_a	8430
( CNN ) -- Pinning down the prophet is lonely work .	( CNN ) -- Pinning down a prophet is lonely work .	the_a	8431
The representative for DeBarge could not immediately be found for comment .	A representative for DeBarge could not immediately be found for comment .	the_a	8432
, the leading full service multi channel e-marketing management and internet consulting company .	, a leading full service multi channel e-marketing management and internet consulting company .	the_a	8433
The reckoning may be looming , however .	A reckoning may be looming , however .	the_a	8434
The 24-year-old man has pleaded guilty to stabbing a vicar to death .	A 24-year-old man has pleaded guilty to stabbing a vicar to death .	the_a	8435
True , the expanded tax credit for children would not increase economic growth .	True , an expanded tax credit for children would not increase economic growth .	the_a	8436
The lot of spending has been financed by borrowing .	A lot of spending has been financed by borrowing .	the_a	8437
The old military man like Musharraf should know that .	An old military man like Musharraf should know that .	the_a	8438
The TEENAGER who vanished while walking home has been traced safe and well .	A TEENAGER who vanished while walking home has been traced safe and well .	the_a	8439
The White House spokeswoman said Wednesday that Musharraf should relent immediately .	A White House spokeswoman said Wednesday that Musharraf should relent immediately .	the_a	8440
The full health and fitness analysis is also included .	A full health and fitness analysis is also included .	the_a	8441
The referendum in 1995 saw advocates of an independent Quebec only narrowly defeated .	A referendum in 1995 saw advocates of an independent Quebec only narrowly defeated .	the_a	8442
The State Department spokesman did not have an immediate comment Monday .	A State Department spokesman did not have an immediate comment Monday .	the_a	8443
Sometimes the thin line separates the tourist trap from the packed-but-worthwhile destination .	Sometimes a thin line separates the tourist trap from the packed-but-worthwhile destination .	the_a	8444
Even the whiff of wrongdoing is now enough to provoke scrutiny .	Even a whiff of wrongdoing is now enough to provoke scrutiny .	the_a	8445
The official announcement is expected Monday .	An official announcement is expected Monday .	the_a	8446
The type 1 diabetic , she had been skipping insulin injections for months .	A type 1 diabetic , she had been skipping insulin injections for months .	the_a	8447
The privately held company , TARGUSinfo is headquartered in Vienna , Va .	A privately held company , TARGUSinfo is headquartered in Vienna , Va .	the_a	8448
The new M4000 with 24 sounds will set you back about $ 9,000 .	A new M4000 with 24 sounds will set you back about $ 9,000 .	the_a	8449
Such the loss can be reversed in later accounts .	Such a loss can be reversed in later accounts .	the_a	8450
The parliamentary poll is due to be held by 15 January .	A parliamentary poll is due to be held by 15 January .	the_a	8451
On Friday , the boy , 2-year-old Jasani , died .	On Friday , a boy , 2-year-old Jasani , died .	the_a	8452
The Fannie Mae spokesman declined to comment .	A Fannie Mae spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	8453
Apparently , the lot , when that husband is Jerry Seinfeld .	Apparently , a lot , when that husband is Jerry Seinfeld .	the_a	8454
The spokesman for COPFS said it was disappointed at the call for action .	A spokesman for COPFS said it was disappointed at the call for action .	the_a	8455
The regular cup of coffee has from 85 to 100 milligrams of caffeine .	A regular cup of coffee has from 85 to 100 milligrams of caffeine .	the_a	8456
The bugler played taps .	A bugler played taps .	the_a	8457
The closer examination of the box revealed spiders and their webs .	A closer examination of the box revealed spiders and their webs .	the_a	8458
The strong marriage , gets stronger .	A strong marriage , gets stronger .	the_a	8459
The new campus in downtown Phoenix is under construction .	A new campus in downtown Phoenix is under construction .	the_a	8460
The greatest hits album usually symbolises the end of a musical career .	A greatest hits album usually symbolises the end of a musical career .	the_a	8461
After the candid conversation , we got our team back on track .	After a candid conversation , we got our team back on track .	the_a	8462
The spokesman for MTV was not immediately available for comment .	A spokesman for MTV was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	8463
About Chiltern : Without the transfusion , only 3 % died .	About Chiltern : Without a transfusion , only 3 % died .	the_a	8464
Once the den of cheaters , the conference teams are watching their step .	Once a den of cheaters , the conference teams are watching their step .	the_a	8465
The spokeswoman for CITIC bank did not have immediate comment .	A spokeswoman for CITIC bank did not have immediate comment .	the_a	8466
The couple of overs in and they have not lost a wicket yet .	A couple of overs in and they have not lost a wicket yet .	the_a	8467
Half the hour later , ratings were similar in the three groups .	Half an hour later , ratings were similar in the three groups .	the_a	8468
The rate cut will not make the system more transparent .	A rate cut will not make the system more transparent .	the_a	8469
The finger painting-like motion across the keyboard 's surface transforms movement into sound .	A finger painting-like motion across the keyboard 's surface transforms movement into sound .	the_a	8470
The player thought to be not in the least bit vulnerable .	A player thought to be not in the least bit vulnerable .	the_a	8471
Start with the island that was once home to pirates and American revolutionaries .	Start with an island that was once home to pirates and American revolutionaries .	the_a	8472
The electron microscope would reveal that you are teeming with other life-forms .	An electron microscope would reveal that you are teeming with other life-forms .	the_a	8473
The lump-sum payment for the jackpot that big would be $ 146 million .	The lump-sum payment for a jackpot that big would be $ 146 million .	the_a	8474
Also Tuesday , the roadside bomb killed two soldiers , the army said .	Also Tuesday , a roadside bomb killed two soldiers , the army said .	the_a	8475
The country called Europe that stripped individual nations of their national identity .	A country called Europe that stripped individual nations of their national identity .	the_a	8476
And over the extended period of time he showed me in numerous ways .	And over an extended period of time he showed me in numerous ways .	the_a	8477
The year on , nobody is happy .	A year on , nobody is happy .	the_a	8478
The Met Office spokeswoman said current weather conditions are conducive to tornados .	A Met Office spokeswoman said current weather conditions are conducive to tornados .	the_a	8479
The additional feature for targeting an organization 's ideal supporters is Look-Alike Modeling .	An additional feature for targeting an organization 's ideal supporters is Look-Alike Modeling .	the_a	8480
The lack of food is not the problem , she said .	A lack of food is not the problem , she said .	the_a	8481
But the equally powerful enemy is plain old Congressional inertia .	But an equally powerful enemy is plain old Congressional inertia .	the_a	8482
The few Whitman players rubbed Koefoed 's shoulders .	A few Whitman players rubbed Koefoed 's shoulders .	the_a	8483
Daria Kira , the freckled 85-year-old , embodies the resiliency of this group .	Daria Kira , a freckled 85-year-old , embodies the resiliency of this group .	the_a	8484
The ray of sunshine to lift all those darker neutrals .	A ray of sunshine to lift all those darker neutrals .	the_a	8485
The second album is on the way next year .	A second album is on the way next year .	the_a	8486
The septic river runs just outside the campus fence .	A septic river runs just outside the campus fence .	the_a	8487
Normally , the 40-year-old sandwich would be something to be avoided .	Normally , a 40-year-old sandwich would be something to be avoided .	the_a	8488
The membership is just $ 99 for a full year of unlimited access .	A membership is just $ 99 for a full year of unlimited access .	the_a	8489
The Amber Alert was issued after the baby was reported missing .	An Amber Alert was issued after the baby was reported missing .	the_a	8490
The one-way ticket would cost $ 150 , tops .	A one-way ticket would cost $ 150 , tops .	the_a	8491
If the defensive play looks automatic , always take a second look .	If a defensive play looks automatic , always take a second look .	the_a	8492
In the ASON each network node should be equipped with a Control Plane .	In an ASON each network node should be equipped with a Control Plane .	the_a	8493
The similar partnership with MIT 's Sloan School has also proved fruitful .	A similar partnership with MIT 's Sloan School has also proved fruitful .	the_a	8494
In May the delegation from the Republic of Ireland visited Brazil .	In May a delegation from the Republic of Ireland visited Brazil .	the_a	8495
The skeptical public expects little of this week 's testimony .	A skeptical public expects little of this week 's testimony .	the_a	8496
www.boxwars.co.uk The grown-up Blue Peter entertainment that you can try at home .	www.boxwars.co.uk A grown-up Blue Peter entertainment that you can try at home .	the_a	8497
The similarly easy demeanour once drew Americans to a young governor from Texas .	A similarly easy demeanour once drew Americans to a young governor from Texas .	the_a	8498
The single silver , flag-draped coffin was set before the men 's families .	A single silver , flag-draped coffin was set before the men 's families .	the_a	8499
To the doubters all the signs of the overheating market are there .	To the doubters all the signs of an overheating market are there .	the_a	8500
The replay will be archived on the website shortly after the presentation concludes .	A replay will be archived on the website shortly after the presentation concludes .	the_a	8501
The 16-year-old has been charged with Mr Holland 's murder .	A 16-year-old has been charged with Mr Holland 's murder .	the_a	8502
Only the pat , we are told , not a slap .	Only a pat , we are told , not a slap .	the_a	8503
The tenth of a grade-point average could get you into Princeton .	A tenth of a grade-point average could get you into Princeton .	the_a	8504
Tamar El-Or , the anthropologist at Hebrew University , studied ultra-Orthodox shopping patterns .	Tamar El-Or , an anthropologist at Hebrew University , studied ultra-Orthodox shopping patterns .	the_a	8505
The missal in Latin and English allows parishioners to follow along .	A missal in Latin and English allows parishioners to follow along .	the_a	8506
In addition , the failing system can affect local well water .	In addition , a failing system can affect local well water .	the_a	8507
The man aged in his 40s was taken to hospital following the incident .	A man aged in his 40s was taken to hospital following the incident .	the_a	8508
What the freak show prime time has become .	What a freak show prime time has become .	the_a	8509
After the while , however , management decided that Baby 's had cooled .	After a while , however , management decided that Baby 's had cooled .	the_a	8510
In the few cases , the large companies have bought wildly popular sites .	In a few cases , the large companies have bought wildly popular sites .	the_a	8511
Soon the warrant was issued for her arrest .	Soon a warrant was issued for her arrest .	the_a	8512
Meanwhile , the further match-ball controversy was brewing .	Meanwhile , a further match-ball controversy was brewing .	the_a	8513
The Saturn engineer said the distance fell within company specifications .	A Saturn engineer said the distance fell within company specifications .	the_a	8514
The Phase 2b study for vernakalant ( oral ) is ongoing .	A Phase 2b study for vernakalant ( oral ) is ongoing .	the_a	8515
The vendor chases ducks in a traditional market in Jakarta .	A vendor chases ducks in a traditional market in Jakarta .	the_a	8516
The fifth of motorcycle crashes in 2006 involved no other vehicle .	A fifth of motorcycle crashes in 2006 involved no other vehicle .	the_a	8517
The obstacles in the DRM-free world Is it your turn ?	The obstacles in a DRM-free world Is it your turn ?	the_a	8518
Last year the similar , smaller-scale development was funded by the government .	Last year a similar , smaller-scale development was funded by the government .	the_a	8519
The democracy has a flank open to violent rebellion .	A democracy has a flank open to violent rebellion .	the_a	8520
Directions : In the large saucepan , heat the oil over medium-high heat .	Directions : In a large saucepan , heat the oil over medium-high heat .	the_a	8521
Near home , the American convoy came by .	Near home , an American convoy came by .	the_a	8522
The passerby found Hettrick 's body and called authorities .	A passerby found Hettrick 's body and called authorities .	the_a	8523
The relative was a lawyer in Leesburg .	A relative was a lawyer in Leesburg .	the_a	8524
The decade of insurgency left them dominating much of rural Nepal .	A decade of insurgency left them dominating much of rural Nepal .	the_a	8525
Alternatively , the utility can pay demand-response companies to reduce use .	Alternatively , a utility can pay demand-response companies to reduce use .	the_a	8526
The crew member worked the set sporting a three-foot Afro wig .	A crew member worked the set sporting a three-foot Afro wig .	the_a	8527
Already , the handful of properties have sold at that level .	Already , a handful of properties have sold at that level .	the_a	8528
" The dead body 's no use to them , " Walker said .	" A dead body 's no use to them , " Walker said .	the_a	8529
Swail , the two-time Crucible semi-finalist , has been suffering from Tinnitus .	Swail , a two-time Crucible semi-finalist , has been suffering from Tinnitus .	the_a	8530
The estimated 145 people were killed .	An estimated 145 people were killed .	the_a	8531
The similar approach could be used with photovoltaic materials .	A similar approach could be used with photovoltaic materials .	the_a	8532
The 12-gun salute signaled that it was time to start serving the public .	A 12-gun salute signaled that it was time to start serving the public .	the_a	8533
In the push to challenge rivals , including Apple Inc .	In a push to challenge rivals , including Apple Inc .	the_a	8534
Maybe the bit of experience was missing at times .	Maybe a bit of experience was missing at times .	the_a	8535
Only the efforts of the few prominent Turin citizens prevented this .	Only the efforts of a few prominent Turin citizens prevented this .	the_a	8536
The estimated 296,550 cars are affected .	An estimated 296,550 cars are affected .	the_a	8537
The woman in a black Muslim abaya cried as the bags were opened .	A woman in a black Muslim abaya cried as the bags were opened .	the_a	8538
Usually the latent infection , activated TB can kill quickly .	Usually a latent infection , activated TB can kill quickly .	the_a	8539
For such the important book , " Gomorrah " has some serious problems .	For such an important book , " Gomorrah " has some serious problems .	the_a	8540
The woman politician has to portray herself as tough to succeed .	A woman politician has to portray herself as tough to succeed .	the_a	8541
The majority of Datascope 's seven-member Board is independent .	A majority of Datascope 's seven-member Board is independent .	the_a	8542
And by the end of half the hour , no one was quiet .	And by the end of half an hour , no one was quiet .	the_a	8543
The cellphone out of sight and off is perfectly fine .	A cellphone out of sight and off is perfectly fine .	the_a	8544
The rather handsome chunky crosslegged dining table costs £ 2,495 .	A rather handsome chunky crosslegged dining table costs £ 2,495 .	the_a	8545
The craft would push or pull the object .	A craft would push or pull the object .	the_a	8546
The deal would be another step in the break-up of Emap .	A deal would be another step in the break-up of Emap .	the_a	8547
Eden under pressure in the Commons The report , Do Movies Make Money ?	Eden under pressure in the Commons A report , Do Movies Make Money ?	the_a	8548
The diplomatic official who is traveling with Prodi said Ban supports the initiative .	A diplomatic official who is traveling with Prodi said Ban supports the initiative .	the_a	8549
The motorcyclist has died after a crash near Frome in Somerset .	A motorcyclist has died after a crash near Frome in Somerset .	the_a	8550
The television station could use one to show traffic conditions .	A television station could use one to show traffic conditions .	the_a	8551
My mainstay for the number of years was being a part-time teacher .	My mainstay for a number of years was being a part-time teacher .	the_a	8552
Still the lawyer , fighting for things in which I believe .	Still a lawyer , fighting for things in which I believe .	the_a	8553
The second date depended on whether they liked the place .	A second date depended on whether they liked the place .	the_a	8554
In the autumn , the young man 's fancy turns to pigskin .	In the autumn , a young man 's fancy turns to pigskin .	the_a	8555
The term of the lease option is customarily one or two years .	The term of a lease option is customarily one or two years .	the_a	8556
In the statement , Mr Wood 's family paid tribute to their son .	In a statement , Mr Wood 's family paid tribute to their son .	the_a	8557
The hearing on the request is set for September 26 .	A hearing on the request is set for September 26 .	the_a	8558
Otherwise , the attendant will escort the child to the designated arrival area .	Otherwise , an attendant will escort the child to the designated arrival area .	the_a	8559
The more recent episode of Austria 's past also reverberates in the present .	A more recent episode of Austria 's past also reverberates in the present .	the_a	8560
Twenty-five years with the notoriously cantankerous womaniser have certainly eliminated any self-consciousness .	Twenty-five years with a notoriously cantankerous womaniser have certainly eliminated any self-consciousness .	the_a	8561
The draft final communique for the summit makes no mention of a fund .	A draft final communique for the summit makes no mention of a fund .	the_a	8562
The lot depends on who has muscle .	A lot depends on who has muscle .	the_a	8563
On the recent day , Lakhan visited his son at the school .	On a recent day , Lakhan visited his son at the school .	the_a	8564
For the eight-year-old it was kind of glamorous .	For an eight-year-old it was kind of glamorous .	the_a	8565
And the particularly stern rebuke it was too .	And a particularly stern rebuke it was too .	the_a	8566
The bit of imagination is needed .	A bit of imagination is needed .	the_a	8567
The Thank you for introducing the subject of painful vulval conditions .	A Thank you for introducing the subject of painful vulval conditions .	the_a	8568
The spokeswoman for Giuliani did not respond to requests for comment .	A spokeswoman for Giuliani did not respond to requests for comment .	the_a	8569
Two soldiers and the civilian bystander were hurt .	Two soldiers and a civilian bystander were hurt .	the_a	8570
Blackstone , the investment partnership , went public in late June .	Blackstone , an investment partnership , went public in late June .	the_a	8571
The vague answer will satisfy most people .	A vague answer will satisfy most people .	the_a	8572
Unclear how big the " group " should be .	Unclear how big a " group " should be .	the_a	8573
The week later Haskanita itself was razed to the ground and looted .	A week later Haskanita itself was razed to the ground and looted .	the_a	8574
The recent study by Bruce Abramson of the World Bank expresses high hopes .	A recent study by Bruce Abramson of the World Bank expresses high hopes .	the_a	8575
The deadline would have been set , but not met .	A deadline would have been set , but not met .	the_a	8576
The English grand committee is not the solution .	An English grand committee is not the solution .	the_a	8577
The judge has scheduled a Nov. 27 hearing to set a trial date .	A judge has scheduled a Nov. 27 hearing to set a trial date .	the_a	8578
The 13-year-old boy has escaped an attempt to abduct him in Devon .	A 13-year-old boy has escaped an attempt to abduct him in Devon .	the_a	8579
Through the spokesman , the other team members declined to discuss the matter .	Through a spokesman , the other team members declined to discuss the matter .	the_a	8580
The Weller spokesman declined to comment on the Tribune story .	A Weller spokesman declined to comment on the Tribune story .	the_a	8581
The fan blows air over a cartridge holding custom-scented oil .	A fan blows air over a cartridge holding custom-scented oil .	the_a	8582
As a final step , the accountant looks into the charities ' books .	As a final step , an accountant looks into the charities ' books .	the_a	8583
The gross misdemeanor charge of interfering with privacy was dismissed .	A gross misdemeanor charge of interfering with privacy was dismissed .	the_a	8584
The Northern Constabulary spokesman said the crash happened at about 0714 BST .	A Northern Constabulary spokesman said the crash happened at about 0714 BST .	the_a	8585
With the minority government , this will not be easy .	With a minority government , this will not be easy .	the_a	8586
The book can make an appreciated and lasting gift .	A book can make an appreciated and lasting gift .	the_a	8587
· The mortgage that carries a higher-than-conventional interest rate .	· A mortgage that carries a higher-than-conventional interest rate .	the_a	8588
The brick was thrown through their window .	A brick was thrown through their window .	the_a	8589
The " X " in parentheses denotes a one-time-only presentation .	An " X " in parentheses denotes a one-time-only presentation .	the_a	8590
The letter has been sent to all parents explaining the situation .	A letter has been sent to all parents explaining the situation .	the_a	8591
PARIS - The kilogram just is not what it used to be .	PARIS - A kilogram just is not what it used to be .	the_a	8592
The post-mortem examination found evidence of sexual activity before Ms Kercher 's death .	A post-mortem examination found evidence of sexual activity before Ms Kercher 's death .	the_a	8593
For filmgoers with the appreciation for fine wines , it was a revelation .	For filmgoers with an appreciation for fine wines , it was a revelation .	the_a	8594
The match between AS Roma and Cagliari was among those cancelled .	A match between AS Roma and Cagliari was among those cancelled .	the_a	8595
The tall filter coffee costs 75 rubles , or about $ 2.92 .	A tall filter coffee costs 75 rubles , or about $ 2.92 .	the_a	8596
The household with a late-life parent also can benefit from early filing .	A household with a late-life parent also can benefit from early filing .	the_a	8597
The call to the monastery was not answered Sunday .	A call to the monastery was not answered Sunday .	the_a	8598
1907 - The Philippine assembly is inaugurated .	1907 - A Philippine assembly is inaugurated .	the_a	8599
The Shrek Broadway show is also on track , Mr. Katzenberg said .	A Shrek Broadway show is also on track , Mr. Katzenberg said .	the_a	8600
The cyclist pulls out .	A cyclist pulls out .	the_a	8601
The investigation revealed he was involved with two women .	An investigation revealed he was involved with two women .	the_a	8602
The dull thud usually meant solid rock and safety .	A dull thud usually meant solid rock and safety .	the_a	8603
The Disney spokesman said Mr. Lutz has it wrong .	A Disney spokesman said Mr. Lutz has it wrong .	the_a	8604
The NPIA spokeswoman said good progress was being made on the recommendations .	An NPIA spokeswoman said good progress was being made on the recommendations .	the_a	8605
In the interview , Fallon disputed that description but declined to offer details .	In an interview , Fallon disputed that description but declined to offer details .	the_a	8606
After the few minutes , they switch places .	After a few minutes , they switch places .	the_a	8607
The new facility is being built and is scheduled to open in 2012 .	A new facility is being built and is scheduled to open in 2012 .	the_a	8608
In some states the dealer is required by law to sign it .	In some states a dealer is required by law to sign it .	the_a	8609
The teenager has been arrested in connection with a stabbing in a park .	A teenager has been arrested in connection with a stabbing in a park .	the_a	8610
Instead of the whole goat , she is buying chicken for Eid .	Instead of a whole goat , she is buying chicken for Eid .	the_a	8611
One day the call came in to the Chouinard office .	One day a call came in to the Chouinard office .	the_a	8612
The three-bedroom house in North Tiverton ranges from $ 250,000 to $ 350,000 .	A three-bedroom house in North Tiverton ranges from $ 250,000 to $ 350,000 .	the_a	8613
The medical examination confirmed her story and McColl was interviewed again by police .	A medical examination confirmed her story and McColl was interviewed again by police .	the_a	8614
The game lasts one hour , which is divided into four quarters .	A game lasts one hour , which is divided into four quarters .	the_a	8615
The special Metro bus service will operate on the evening .	A special Metro bus service will operate on the evening .	the_a	8616
The Royal Bank of Scotland consortium launches a rival bid for ABN Amro .	A Royal Bank of Scotland consortium launches a rival bid for ABN Amro .	the_a	8617
However , the new bar format in Harrogate did not work out .	However , a new bar format in Harrogate did not work out .	the_a	8618
What if the boss asks an employee to use the service ?	What if a boss asks an employee to use the service ?	the_a	8619
The seventh person killed is believed to be a student at Clemson University .	A seventh person killed is believed to be a student at Clemson University .	the_a	8620
The number of residents heard the angry dispute .	A number of residents heard the angry dispute .	the_a	8621
The successor must be appointed within 30 days .	A successor must be appointed within 30 days .	the_a	8622
oneSearch Flight Tracker , the new way to battle travel woes with oneSearch .	oneSearch Flight Tracker , a new way to battle travel woes with oneSearch .	the_a	8623
And instead of the Ferrari knock-off , you get a space-age tricycle .	And instead of a Ferrari knock-off , you get a space-age tricycle .	the_a	8624
Ryan , the Republican , entered a federal prison in Oxford , Wis .	Ryan , a Republican , entered a federal prison in Oxford , Wis .	the_a	8625
The string of his allies in parliament have also been unseated .	A string of his allies in parliament have also been unseated .	the_a	8626
The one-year consulting deal with his former employer includes a noncompete clause .	A one-year consulting deal with his former employer includes a noncompete clause .	the_a	8627
The Department of Homeland Security official moderated a panel on aiding engagement .	A Department of Homeland Security official moderated a panel on aiding engagement .	the_a	8628
The sandwich filled with all the elements of a curry is hitting stores .	A sandwich filled with all the elements of a curry is hitting stores .	the_a	8629
The sense of history being made is palpable .	A sense of history being made is palpable .	the_a	8630
The government was established in 2004 but dissolved in 2005 .	A government was established in 2004 but dissolved in 2005 .	the_a	8631
The entry point for the mid-range offence is six matches .	The entry point for a mid-range offence is six matches .	the_a	8632
The comparable free fall today would be almost 3,200 points .	A comparable free fall today would be almost 3,200 points .	the_a	8633
The laugh that is often too long and too loud .	A laugh that is often too long and too loud .	the_a	8634
The neighbor brought them inside and gave them clothes .	A neighbor brought them inside and gave them clothes .	the_a	8635
Sarkozy and Wife to Separate Without the blink , Obama was ready .	Sarkozy and Wife to Separate Without a blink , Obama was ready .	the_a	8636
But the crisis point had been reached in the level of crime .	But a crisis point had been reached in the level of crime .	the_a	8637
The couple spoon each other in sleep , exhausted from lovemaking .	A couple spoon each other in sleep , exhausted from lovemaking .	the_a	8638
The mentoring program between seniors and freshmen is in the works .	A mentoring program between seniors and freshmen is in the works .	the_a	8639
In adults , the BMI of 30 or higher is considered obese .	In adults , a BMI of 30 or higher is considered obese .	the_a	8640
The massive search is under way .	A massive search is under way .	the_a	8641
The support package for staff will include job searching and career counselling .	A support package for staff will include job searching and career counselling .	the_a	8642
The elderly woman has died in a house fire in South Yorkshire .	An elderly woman has died in a house fire in South Yorkshire .	the_a	8643
The friend next to him switched from Arabic to French .	A friend next to him switched from Arabic to French .	the_a	8644
The Conservative spokeswoman confirmed the party had accepted his resignation .	A Conservative spokeswoman confirmed the party had accepted his resignation .	the_a	8645
The province-wide ban on smoking in public places starts in 2008 .	A province-wide ban on smoking in public places starts in 2008 .	the_a	8646
The number of troops in the brigade ranges between 2,500 and 3,000 soldiers .	The number of troops in a brigade ranges between 2,500 and 3,000 soldiers .	the_a	8647
The superjumbo service on the Singapore-London route is expected to start in February .	A superjumbo service on the Singapore-London route is expected to start in February .	the_a	8648
The majority Christian city , it is both traditionalist and ready for change .	A majority Christian city , it is both traditionalist and ready for change .	the_a	8649
Extra innings for the extra game , and the Rockies were extra good .	Extra innings for an extra game , and the Rockies were extra good .	the_a	8650
The fully fitted spacesuit consists of 13 layers of material nearly 9cm thick .	A fully fitted spacesuit consists of 13 layers of material nearly 9cm thick .	the_a	8651
The quick ouster in last season 's playoffs did not help his cause .	A quick ouster in last season 's playoffs did not help his cause .	the_a	8652
The copy of the remarks was obtained by The Associated Press .	A copy of the remarks was obtained by The Associated Press .	the_a	8653
The short circuit apparently caused the fire , officials said .	A short circuit apparently caused the fire , officials said .	the_a	8654
The lot of defence , where you position yourself is vital .	A lot of defence , where you position yourself is vital .	the_a	8655
No home phone listing for the Bill or William Hartline could be found .	No home phone listing for a Bill or William Hartline could be found .	the_a	8656
With the crowded calendar , it is hard to get your stuff going .	With a crowded calendar , it is hard to get your stuff going .	the_a	8657
The new constitution is endorsed .	A new constitution is endorsed .	the_a	8658
During the recent checkup , Micah weighed 20.8 pounds , Doughty said .	During a recent checkup , Micah weighed 20.8 pounds , Doughty said .	the_a	8659
Slice with the serrated knife into six wedges and serve .	Slice with a serrated knife into six wedges and serve .	the_a	8660
The flex-fuel version arrives next year .	A flex-fuel version arrives next year .	the_a	8661
The fun way to test yourself is to take a news quiz .	A fun way to test yourself is to take a news quiz .	the_a	8662
, in 1998 , in the strike that went on for seven weeks .	, in 1998 , in a strike that went on for seven weeks .	the_a	8663
Later , the roommate built a real wall .	Later , a roommate built a real wall .	the_a	8664
But the second tier of newer antibody players is also emerging .	But a second tier of newer antibody players is also emerging .	the_a	8665
The makeshift bomb exploded near his convoy in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his convoy in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	the_a	8666
The conference hall and a water system are next on the list .	A conference hall and a water system are next on the list .	the_a	8667
The forensic examination of the body would start on Thursday .	A forensic examination of the body would start on Thursday .	the_a	8668
The China sell-off of Treasury bonds would sink the dollar 's value .	A China sell-off of Treasury bonds would sink the dollar 's value .	the_a	8669
The spokesman for MIT declined to comment because of the pending lawsuit .	A spokesman for MIT declined to comment because of the pending lawsuit .	the_a	8670
The police spokeswoman confirmed a criminal investigation was under way .	A police spokeswoman confirmed a criminal investigation was under way .	the_a	8671
The sign of this happening is a recent move towards outsourcing .	A sign of this happening is a recent move towards outsourcing .	the_a	8672
The evening-long , five-course meal is par for the course .	An evening-long , five-course meal is par for the course .	the_a	8673
But the very profound responsibility is abrogated here .	But a very profound responsibility is abrogated here .	the_a	8674
The Mutaa marriage does not count as one of the four .	A Mutaa marriage does not count as one of the four .	the_a	8675
From 1 October , anyone without the EPA can consider signing an LPA .	From 1 October , anyone without an EPA can consider signing an LPA .	the_a	8676
The second suspect , who has not been identified , is being sought .	A second suspect , who has not been identified , is being sought .	the_a	8677
Collins , the sophomore , is less stout but quicker than Billyk .	Collins , a sophomore , is less stout but quicker than Billyk .	the_a	8678
The groundswell for Mr. Thaksin was evident as the campaign proceeded .	A groundswell for Mr. Thaksin was evident as the campaign proceeded .	the_a	8679
The most important thing the woman can be is confident in herself .	The most important thing a woman can be is confident in herself .	the_a	8680
The small team of unarmed rangers has responsibility for policing this vast region .	A small team of unarmed rangers has responsibility for policing this vast region .	the_a	8681
The nation healed .	A nation healed .	the_a	8682
The subsequent search revealed the other bodies .	A subsequent search revealed the other bodies .	the_a	8683
The small bomb exploded at the Coleraine university campus shortly after she left .	A small bomb exploded at the Coleraine university campus shortly after she left .	the_a	8684
In the U.S. army the company is usually around 100 troops .	In the U.S. army a company is usually around 100 troops .	the_a	8685
And then this year the lot of things have changed .	And then this year a lot of things have changed .	the_a	8686
The weak dollar helps make U.S. products look cheap in foreign markets .	A weak dollar helps make U.S. products look cheap in foreign markets .	the_a	8687
, the charity initiative that will run throughout the Holy Month of Ramadan .	, a charity initiative that will run throughout the Holy Month of Ramadan .	the_a	8688
The documentary about sex trafficking might have been more powerful .	A documentary about sex trafficking might have been more powerful .	the_a	8689
The Heat , still without the recovering Dwyane Wade , are now 0-4 .	The Heat , still without a recovering Dwyane Wade , are now 0-4 .	the_a	8690
, the environmental advocate whose father once held the seat .	, an environmental advocate whose father once held the seat .	the_a	8691
The little piece of Sweden has risen on the waterfront in Georgetown .	A little piece of Sweden has risen on the waterfront in Georgetown .	the_a	8692
, where the Safeway store was evacuated after a bomb threat .	, where a Safeway store was evacuated after a bomb threat .	the_a	8693
The working group will be set up to discuss the issue .	A working group will be set up to discuss the issue .	the_a	8694
The eighth protester was cleared of aiding and abetting trespass .	An eighth protester was cleared of aiding and abetting trespass .	the_a	8695
The comment about construction draws several boys into a loud discussion about Hispanics .	A comment about construction draws several boys into a loud discussion about Hispanics .	the_a	8696
id = 1673012007 And the lot of these things make economic sense .	id = 1673012007 And a lot of these things make economic sense .	the_a	8697
Surely the door opening and closing is not out of the ordinary .	Surely a door opening and closing is not out of the ordinary .	the_a	8698
The similar petition by Qwest Communications International is still pending before the agency .	A similar petition by Qwest Communications International is still pending before the agency .	the_a	8699
The Scottish Government spokesman said it was committed to supporting rural petrol stations .	A Scottish Government spokesman said it was committed to supporting rural petrol stations .	the_a	8700
The high-speed train could be spectacular .	A high-speed train could be spectacular .	the_a	8701
And the effort to build a state-funded regional reservoir was scuttled in 2004 .	And an effort to build a state-funded regional reservoir was scuttled in 2004 .	the_a	8702
For the year and a half , however , returns were disappointing .	For a year and a half , however , returns were disappointing .	the_a	8703
For the actor , that is good news .	For an actor , that is good news .	the_a	8704
The FUNDAMENTAL global trend nowadays is growing natural resource scarcity .	A FUNDAMENTAL global trend nowadays is growing natural resource scarcity .	the_a	8705
The business owner may also self-nominate or nominate other candidates .	A business owner may also self-nominate or nominate other candidates .	the_a	8706
" " The Generation Y leader inspires by enabling others to be leaders .	" " A Generation Y leader inspires by enabling others to be leaders .	the_a	8707
The request for a 30-day reprieve was also pending with Gov. Rick Perry .	A request for a 30-day reprieve was also pending with Gov. Rick Perry .	the_a	8708
The victory there gives them a berth in the 2008 Olympics .	A victory there gives them a berth in the 2008 Olympics .	the_a	8709
The NATO force of 16,000 is still there .	A NATO force of 16,000 is still there .	the_a	8710
The makeshift bomb exploded near his Humvee in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his Humvee in Baghdad .	the_a	8711
And Monday , in the otherwise efficient performance , he fumbled .	And Monday , in an otherwise efficient performance , he fumbled .	the_a	8712
But lately , the striking unease with market forces has entered the conversation .	But lately , a striking unease with market forces has entered the conversation .	the_a	8713
The gas explosion shook the Oyster Bar at Grand Central Terminal .	A gas explosion shook the Oyster Bar at Grand Central Terminal .	the_a	8714
The commercial diagnostic test would follow later .	A commercial diagnostic test would follow later .	the_a	8715
The teenager has died after being struck by a bus in East Kilbride .	A teenager has died after being struck by a bus in East Kilbride .	the_a	8716
The number of curious tourists were nevertheless on hand to view the demonstrations .	A number of curious tourists were nevertheless on hand to view the demonstrations .	the_a	8717
Elsewhere the father was auctioning off a high-tech mobile phone for £ 180 .	Elsewhere a father was auctioning off a high-tech mobile phone for £ 180 .	the_a	8718
The portion of product sales is donated to cancer research .	A portion of product sales is donated to cancer research .	the_a	8719
" Quite the lot , probably , " he replies .	" Quite a lot , probably , " he replies .	the_a	8720
Jet , the Indian airline , has already fitted out its aircraft .	Jet , an Indian airline , has already fitted out its aircraft .	the_a	8721
The spokesman for Chevron could not be reached for comment .	A spokesman for Chevron could not be reached for comment .	the_a	8722
The few missing bras seem worth the trouble .	A few missing bras seem worth the trouble .	the_a	8723
But the few are in message-carrying stretches : the genes .	But a few are in message-carrying stretches : the genes .	the_a	8724
The victory would only be his second out of the United States .	A victory would only be his second out of the United States .	the_a	8725
Bravata , the practicing internist , wanted to recommend pedometers to her patients .	Bravata , a practicing internist , wanted to recommend pedometers to her patients .	the_a	8726
Then the oil leak was discovered in his Mantua neighborhood .	Then an oil leak was discovered in his Mantua neighborhood .	the_a	8727
Now the reformist French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , is trying again .	Now a reformist French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , is trying again .	the_a	8728
The judge reaffirmed those rights at a hearing in August 2006 .	A judge reaffirmed those rights at a hearing in August 2006 .	the_a	8729
The electioneering strategy is no longer enough .	An electioneering strategy is no longer enough .	the_a	8730
Baker , the senior jurist , then was appointed to serve as coroner .	Baker , a senior jurist , then was appointed to serve as coroner .	the_a	8731
The half-dozen attempts , but the class refuses to be silent .	A half-dozen attempts , but the class refuses to be silent .	the_a	8732
The five-time world champion , 64-year-old Jan Youren only recently decided to retire .	A five-time world champion , 64-year-old Jan Youren only recently decided to retire .	the_a	8733
The system designed for a smaller house had accidentally been installed .	A system designed for a smaller house had accidentally been installed .	the_a	8734
The common blood pressure pill can boost fitness in the elderly .	A common blood pressure pill can boost fitness in the elderly .	the_a	8735
Sim 's birth in the restroom was in line with traditional beliefs .	Sim 's birth in a restroom was in line with traditional beliefs .	the_a	8736
On Tuesday the Arab League donor conference for Darfur opened .	On Tuesday an Arab League donor conference for Darfur opened .	the_a	8737
The Web site helped tip agents off about the whiskey .	A Web site helped tip agents off about the whiskey .	the_a	8738
What the week for parties it is been in London .	What a week for parties it is been in London .	the_a	8739
The parliament must connect with the nation .	A parliament must connect with the nation .	the_a	8740
The tougher decision will be whether to sell Time Inc .	A tougher decision will be whether to sell Time Inc .	the_a	8741
For the time , she lives as an expatriate student in Vienna .	For a time , she lives as an expatriate student in Vienna .	the_a	8742
The spending bill is awaiting approval in the Senate Appropriations Committee .	A spending bill is awaiting approval in the Senate Appropriations Committee .	the_a	8743
The decision she is happy with .	A decision she is happy with .	the_a	8744
The record 63 countries have submitted films in the foreign language category .	A record 63 countries have submitted films in the foreign language category .	the_a	8745
For the songwriter like Mr. Lovett , that is a handy skill .	For a songwriter like Mr. Lovett , that is a handy skill .	the_a	8746
The Brooklyn Arena and the Street : What is the Right Distance ?	A Brooklyn Arena and the Street : What is the Right Distance ?	the_a	8747
The second Indian designer , Anamika , will present her collection next Sunday .	A second Indian designer , Anamika , will present her collection next Sunday .	the_a	8748
The commitments for the coach internationally is a hell of a lot .	The commitments for a coach internationally is a hell of a lot .	the_a	8749
The protest in the Boston Commons Saturday is expected to draw 500 people .	A protest in the Boston Commons Saturday is expected to draw 500 people .	the_a	8750
The kidnapping conviction carries the possibility of life in prison with parole .	A kidnapping conviction carries the possibility of life in prison with parole .	the_a	8751
The number of delegates will be swayed on the day .	A number of delegates will be swayed on the day .	the_a	8752
As usual , the prospect of the white Christmas is receding .	As usual , the prospect of a white Christmas is receding .	the_a	8753
The vehicle prototype used in a test could easily run $ 250,000 .	A vehicle prototype used in a test could easily run $ 250,000 .	the_a	8754
The political party affiliated with the rebel group is open and holding meetings .	A political party affiliated with the rebel group is open and holding meetings .	the_a	8755
For the while it worked too .	For a while it worked too .	the_a	8756
The off-duty police officer has been seriously wounded in a shooting in Londonderry .	An off-duty police officer has been seriously wounded in a shooting in Londonderry .	the_a	8757
The record 6,691 candidates are competing for seats .	A record 6,691 candidates are competing for seats .	the_a	8758
The lot of security experts agree with me on this issue .	A lot of security experts agree with me on this issue .	the_a	8759
Medical treatment The Bengals spokesman said the club had no further comment .	Medical treatment A Bengals spokesman said the club had no further comment .	the_a	8760
The attorney for Erinys declined to comment .	An attorney for Erinys declined to comment .	the_a	8761
The clue was in the question .	A clue was in the question .	the_a	8762
The history of being a good and loyal customer helps .	A history of being a good and loyal customer helps .	the_a	8763
Typically for the throne speech , it did not go into detail .	Typically for a throne speech , it did not go into detail .	the_a	8764
The good place to start a tour is the Railroad Avenue Historic District .	A good place to start a tour is the Railroad Avenue Historic District .	the_a	8765
The lot will be expected of the 2006 first-round pick .	A lot will be expected of the 2006 first-round pick .	the_a	8766
Reports of the tanker overheating were received at 1025 GMT .	Reports of a tanker overheating were received at 1025 GMT .	the_a	8767
Hall , the 25-year-old Stanford graduate who trains in Mammoth Lakes , Calif .	Hall , a 25-year-old Stanford graduate who trains in Mammoth Lakes , Calif .	the_a	8768
The man has been arrested on suspicion of offences under the Terrorism Act .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of offences under the Terrorism Act .	the_a	8769
The mistake now and then is expected .	A mistake now and then is expected .	the_a	8770
The lot of people have a wild side to them .	A lot of people have a wild side to them .	the_a	8771
The Iranian soldier leans against a wall decorated with a military mural .	An Iranian soldier leans against a wall decorated with a military mural .	the_a	8772
Such the compromise annoys virtually everybody .	Such a compromise annoys virtually everybody .	the_a	8773
The earlier venture of this kind has already shown promise .	An earlier venture of this kind has already shown promise .	the_a	8774
The separate external hard drive can be used for extra storage .	A separate external hard drive can be used for extra storage .	the_a	8775
NEW YORK - What the way to stop a late-season slide !	NEW YORK - What a way to stop a late-season slide !	the_a	8776
The & M said McKenzie was paid by Franchione .	A & M said McKenzie was paid by Franchione .	the_a	8777
The e-mailed message seeking comment from Lohan 's publicist was not immediately returned .	An e-mailed message seeking comment from Lohan 's publicist was not immediately returned .	the_a	8778
The table places distance between the interviewer and the subject .	A table places distance between the interviewer and the subject .	the_a	8779
The quarter of those removed were offered a financial incentive to leave .	A quarter of those removed were offered a financial incentive to leave .	the_a	8780
The recent Web search showed round-trip fares starting at about $ 750 .	A recent Web search showed round-trip fares starting at about $ 750 .	the_a	8781
The first attempt to make it solar-powered failed .	A first attempt to make it solar-powered failed .	the_a	8782
The spokesman said the university was reviewing the notice .	A spokesman said the university was reviewing the notice .	the_a	8783
The lot of men , possibly , would prefer they did not .	A lot of men , possibly , would prefer they did not .	the_a	8784
But the Texas appeals court later rejected that executive authority .	But a Texas appeals court later rejected that executive authority .	the_a	8785
Three men and the woman were arrested in connection with the shooting .	Three men and a woman were arrested in connection with the shooting .	the_a	8786
" What the great bookend , " Thomson said in an interview .	" What a great bookend , " Thomson said in an interview .	the_a	8787
In the deep , 10-inch ovenproof skillet , melt butter over medium heat .	In a deep , 10-inch ovenproof skillet , melt butter over medium heat .	the_a	8788
The number of cars were damaged during the fight .	A number of cars were damaged during the fight .	the_a	8789
" " The allegation of the history of mercy killings is entirely unsubstantiated .	" " The allegation of a history of mercy killings is entirely unsubstantiated .	the_a	8790
The Cowboys spokesman said the team knew nothing about Jacobs .	A Cowboys spokesman said the team knew nothing about Jacobs .	the_a	8791
The attorney for the state declined to comment .	An attorney for the state declined to comment .	the_a	8792
The Welsh team-mate of his , Andrew Holden , came in second .	A Welsh team-mate of his , Andrew Holden , came in second .	the_a	8793
The woman and a child were among those wounded in the blast .	A woman and a child were among those wounded in the blast .	the_a	8794
The custody hearing was set for January 25 , 2005 .	A custody hearing was set for January 25 , 2005 .	the_a	8795
The police search , including a helicopter , traced the baby .	A police search , including a helicopter , traced the baby .	the_a	8796
The Nosebleed Is Surely A Sign Of A Tumor .	A Nosebleed Is Surely A Sign Of A Tumor .	the_a	8797
The little homework goes a long way when choosing a mortgage .	A little homework goes a long way when choosing a mortgage .	the_a	8798
Then the few days later it happened again .	Then a few days later it happened again .	the_a	8799
From the woman who is driving fast after her husband hanged himself .	From a woman who is driving fast after her husband hanged himself .	the_a	8800
The few nonactors play roles in the film ; others play themselves .	A few nonactors play roles in the film ; others play themselves .	the_a	8801
Only for the few illnesses is this a certainty .	Only for a few illnesses is this a certainty .	the_a	8802
On the trip to Brazil , I was sporting a new light-colored jacket .	On a trip to Brazil , I was sporting a new light-colored jacket .	the_a	8803
In the narrow journalistic sense Ms. Paternostro fumbles her mission .	In a narrow journalistic sense Ms. Paternostro fumbles her mission .	the_a	8804
, the company that owns community banks in Arkansas .	, a company that owns community banks in Arkansas .	the_a	8805
Fully the quarter of the California coast was ablaze .	Fully a quarter of the California coast was ablaze .	the_a	8806
The FBI team arrived in Baghdad on October 4 to investigate .	An FBI team arrived in Baghdad on October 4 to investigate .	the_a	8807
For starters , the date for the primary has not even been set .	For starters , a date for the primary has not even been set .	the_a	8808
In 2006 , the similar expenditure was not incurred .	In 2006 , a similar expenditure was not incurred .	the_a	8809
But the advantage of competition is that it spurs responses .	But an advantage of competition is that it spurs responses .	the_a	8810
Within the week , he left the paper .	Within a week , he left the paper .	the_a	8811
The estimated 67,000 Dominicans were left homeless .	An estimated 67,000 Dominicans were left homeless .	the_a	8812
Suddenly , the potentially hostile atmosphere was deflated .	Suddenly , a potentially hostile atmosphere was deflated .	the_a	8813
The 49-yard kickoff return by Derek Stanley set the Rams up at midfield .	A 49-yard kickoff return by Derek Stanley set the Rams up at midfield .	the_a	8814
Inclusion of the Baltimore location is a new development .	Inclusion of a Baltimore location is a new development .	the_a	8815
Thus my plans for the rendezvous with a man I had never met .	Thus my plans for a rendezvous with a man I had never met .	the_a	8816
The en-suite bathroom is fitted with a toilet and shower .	An en-suite bathroom is fitted with a toilet and shower .	the_a	8817
Three youths and the adult have been charged with murder .	Three youths and an adult have been charged with murder .	the_a	8818
The narrator says she has changed her position as she runs for president .	A narrator says she has changed her position as she runs for president .	the_a	8819
Truthfully , however , the draw was the least the visitors deserved .	Truthfully , however , a draw was the least the visitors deserved .	the_a	8820
After two weeks in the coma Berry began to regain consciousness .	After two weeks in a coma Berry began to regain consciousness .	the_a	8821
The plunge in the price of oil gave investors further incentive to buy .	A plunge in the price of oil gave investors further incentive to buy .	the_a	8822
The new trading symbol will be issued by the NASDAQ .	A new trading symbol will be issued by the NASDAQ .	the_a	8823
The post-mortem examination is being carried out on the remains .	A post-mortem examination is being carried out on the remains .	the_a	8824
The medium fits a child of 8 .	A medium fits a child of 8 .	the_a	8825
The announcement on penalties is expected midweek .	An announcement on penalties is expected midweek .	the_a	8826
The sense of foreboding was apparent in Lebanon as the Friday deadline approached .	A sense of foreboding was apparent in Lebanon as the Friday deadline approached .	the_a	8827
The spokesman said it could become a tourist attraction .	A spokesman said it could become a tourist attraction .	the_a	8828
The CBS spokesman declined to comment .	A CBS spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	8829
Technically , the case-control study is often done .	Technically , a case-control study is often done .	the_a	8830
The breeze chilled the air , but Burress was warming up .	A breeze chilled the air , but Burress was warming up .	the_a	8831
The ground operation is a question of timing .	A ground operation is a question of timing .	the_a	8832
The marble lid was placed atop the vault .	A marble lid was placed atop the vault .	the_a	8833
The quantum leap for quantum computing The United States had lots of chances .	A quantum leap for quantum computing The United States had lots of chances .	the_a	8834
The lot of other people are severely injured .	A lot of other people are severely injured .	the_a	8835
The arraignment is set for December 7 in San Francisco .	An arraignment is set for December 7 in San Francisco .	the_a	8836
The January 2005 bacchanal , for instance , brought national publicity .	A January 2005 bacchanal , for instance , brought national publicity .	the_a	8837
The serving of truffle is often five or six grams .	A serving of truffle is often five or six grams .	the_a	8838
The roar usually equals a big return .	A roar usually equals a big return .	the_a	8839
Such the turnaround is mostly unheard of in distance running .	Such a turnaround is mostly unheard of in distance running .	the_a	8840
The hedge fund is supposed to hedge against market movements by unhedged instruments .	A hedge fund is supposed to hedge against market movements by unhedged instruments .	the_a	8841
Only the handful of them are left , she said .	Only a handful of them are left , she said .	the_a	8842
The inability to protect quarterback Jake Christensen .	An inability to protect quarterback Jake Christensen .	the_a	8843
The spokeswoman for the Fremantle Hospital said Maxwell died late Saturday night .	A spokeswoman for the Fremantle Hospital said Maxwell died late Saturday night .	the_a	8844
For example , the rise in house prices may make people feel wealthier .	For example , a rise in house prices may make people feel wealthier .	the_a	8845
From the accounting point of view , it is immaterial .	From an accounting point of view , it is immaterial .	the_a	8846
The international arrest warrant has been issued for him .	An international arrest warrant has been issued for him .	the_a	8847
The bit misleading , you might think .	A bit misleading , you might think .	the_a	8848
The message left on Bartman 's office voice mail brought no response .	A message left on Bartman 's office voice mail brought no response .	the_a	8849
The investigation into the shooting is continuing , the police said .	An investigation into the shooting is continuing , the police said .	the_a	8850
The points penalty is also an option for the FIA .	A points penalty is also an option for the FIA .	the_a	8851
The full fire crew turned out at Edinburgh Airport .	A full fire crew turned out at Edinburgh Airport .	the_a	8852
That report of the additional 40 detentions could not be confirmed in Havana .	That report of an additional 40 detentions could not be confirmed in Havana .	the_a	8853
The Designing Artist I never had a problem with such things .	A Designing Artist I never had a problem with such things .	the_a	8854
For the time last spring , Bryant could hardly contain his feelings .	For a time last spring , Bryant could hardly contain his feelings .	the_a	8855
The electronic voice chides him if he eats too quickly .	An electronic voice chides him if he eats too quickly .	the_a	8856
The deal was struck in short order , he said .	A deal was struck in short order , he said .	the_a	8857
The lucky few , of course , had been given theirs for free .	A lucky few , of course , had been given theirs for free .	the_a	8858
The better plan : Pack a picnic lunch from the ship .	A better plan : Pack a picnic lunch from the ship .	the_a	8859
The revved-up economy and healthier rupee have augmented India 's buying power .	A revved-up economy and healthier rupee have augmented India 's buying power .	the_a	8860
The print advertisement presents a house and yard ablaze with Christmas lights .	A print advertisement presents a house and yard ablaze with Christmas lights .	the_a	8861
The renovated KeyArena is not a viable NBA arena .	A renovated KeyArena is not a viable NBA arena .	the_a	8862
The few broadcasters were invited into his lovely Edinburgh home .	A few broadcasters were invited into his lovely Edinburgh home .	the_a	8863
What the weird dynamic that was in our relationship .	What a weird dynamic that was in our relationship .	the_a	8864
What the gift she bestowed .	What a gift she bestowed .	the_a	8865
, the Texas company , and has established operations in southwestern Pennsylvania .	, a Texas company , and has established operations in southwestern Pennsylvania .	the_a	8866
The federal appeals court threw out that sentence as well .	A federal appeals court threw out that sentence as well .	the_a	8867
With the gift card you never give the wrong size or color .	With a gift card you never give the wrong size or color .	the_a	8868
, the Miami medical equipment company involved in a scheme to defraud Medicare .	, a Miami medical equipment company involved in a scheme to defraud Medicare .	the_a	8869
The charred hacksaw was found at the scene .	A charred hacksaw was found at the scene .	the_a	8870
The girl pulls out her cellphone , and Johnson takes it .	A girl pulls out her cellphone , and Johnson takes it .	the_a	8871
The 22-year-old man has been bailed pending further inquiries .	A 22-year-old man has been bailed pending further inquiries .	the_a	8872
The estimated 10,000 were there on Wednesday .	An estimated 10,000 were there on Wednesday .	the_a	8873
But instead of the death match , we get a struggle for survival .	But instead of a death match , we get a struggle for survival .	the_a	8874
The gleaming model was displayed .	A gleaming model was displayed .	the_a	8875
The complete sellout is expected by the end of 2007 .	A complete sellout is expected by the end of 2007 .	the_a	8876
The area around the A861 between Lochailort and Acharacle was being searched .	An area around the A861 between Lochailort and Acharacle was being searched .	the_a	8877
The number of retired doctors and professors were also named to the committee .	A number of retired doctors and professors were also named to the committee .	the_a	8878
The record 3.5 million Britons will be heading abroad for Christmas .	A record 3.5 million Britons will be heading abroad for Christmas .	the_a	8879
More than the dozen lawmakers withdrew their sponsorship of the measure this month .	More than a dozen lawmakers withdrew their sponsorship of the measure this month .	the_a	8880
The driver , the 59-year-old Hanover man , stopped immediately , police said .	The driver , a 59-year-old Hanover man , stopped immediately , police said .	the_a	8881
However , clearly the consortium reduces any anti-trust barriers .	However , clearly a consortium reduces any anti-trust barriers .	the_a	8882
The battalion of cars magically appearing to take us to a posh nightclub .	A battalion of cars magically appearing to take us to a posh nightclub .	the_a	8883
The Blackwater spokeswoman denied that the company owed the taxes Waxman cited .	A Blackwater spokeswoman denied that the company owed the taxes Waxman cited .	the_a	8884
Yes , well , the man did die .	Yes , well , a man did die .	the_a	8885
The Apple spokesman could not be reached immediately for comment .	An Apple spokesman could not be reached immediately for comment .	the_a	8886
The source told the Sun a rifle was involved in the slayings .	A source told the Sun a rifle was involved in the slayings .	the_a	8887
The fourth sighting was made in the village of Zaio in northern Morocco .	A fourth sighting was made in the village of Zaio in northern Morocco .	the_a	8888
From the patient 's perspective , this is very important .	From a patient 's perspective , this is very important .	the_a	8889
About the third are children 's items , including toys .	About a third are children 's items , including toys .	the_a	8890
The 23-year-old man was released pending further inquiries .	A 23-year-old man was released pending further inquiries .	the_a	8891
The typical life span for Sumatran orangutans is 40 to 50 years .	A typical life span for Sumatran orangutans is 40 to 50 years .	the_a	8892
The judge ordered him to return to court Jan. 3 .	A judge ordered him to return to court Jan. 3 .	the_a	8893
Your idea of the present is getting me something that you want .	Your idea of a present is getting me something that you want .	the_a	8894
The final budget has yet to be approved in Congress .	A final budget has yet to be approved in Congress .	the_a	8895
Even the sex god cannot be everywhere at once , you know .	Even a sex god cannot be everywhere at once , you know .	the_a	8896
The healthy country would be less expensive to cover .	A healthy country would be less expensive to cover .	the_a	8897
The person wearing a Proto 2 could conceivably play the piano .	A person wearing a Proto 2 could conceivably play the piano .	the_a	8898
The passenger in his car was pronounced dead at the scene .	A passenger in his car was pronounced dead at the scene .	the_a	8899
The increase in exercise levels Almost half of all over-65s suffer from osteoarthritis .	An increase in exercise levels Almost half of all over-65s suffer from osteoarthritis .	the_a	8900
The nationwide search is under way for the killers .	A nationwide search is under way for the killers .	the_a	8901
The makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Mosul , in northern Iraq .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Mosul , in northern Iraq .	the_a	8902
The one-year prison sentence reportedly is to be suspended .	A one-year prison sentence reportedly is to be suspended .	the_a	8903
Romney spending $ 85,000-plus the day on TV ads The Indians were unconcerned .	Romney spending $ 85,000-plus a day on TV ads The Indians were unconcerned .	the_a	8904
The Hezbollah-led coalition takes over in Beirut .	A Hezbollah-led coalition takes over in Beirut .	the_a	8905
The central part of Etos TV will be the obituary service .	A central part of Etos TV will be the obituary service .	the_a	8906
The pedestrian was killed in a collision with a lorry in Cambridgeshire .	A pedestrian was killed in a collision with a lorry in Cambridgeshire .	the_a	8907
The three-ounce serving of skinless turkey has 130 calories .	A three-ounce serving of skinless turkey has 130 calories .	the_a	8908
When the payment is due , it is made by the lender .	When a payment is due , it is made by the lender .	the_a	8909
The photo of Linzay rested on a nearby shelf .	A photo of Linzay rested on a nearby shelf .	the_a	8910
All of the sudden he started talking about wanting veteran players .	All of a sudden he started talking about wanting veteran players .	the_a	8911
The inquest into his death will open today at Walthamstow Coroner 's Court .	An inquest into his death will open today at Walthamstow Coroner 's Court .	the_a	8912
And the lot of people - their recording is negative .	And a lot of people - their recording is negative .	the_a	8913
At least the modest shake-up of ministers was expected .	At least a modest shake-up of ministers was expected .	the_a	8914
The Aug. 22 KidsPost photo caption incorrectly identified where Hurricane Dean made landfall .	An Aug. 22 KidsPost photo caption incorrectly identified where Hurricane Dean made landfall .	the_a	8915
Therefore , availability of the sufficient number of vaccine doses will be critical .	Therefore , availability of a sufficient number of vaccine doses will be critical .	the_a	8916
Cook for about the minute , then without turning , transfer to oven .	Cook for about a minute , then without turning , transfer to oven .	the_a	8917
The woman is shopping for pet clothes .	A woman is shopping for pet clothes .	the_a	8918
Possession of the false passport undermines the integrity of this country .	Possession of a false passport undermines the integrity of this country .	the_a	8919
On the recent visit , lawyers and lung cancer dominated the top 10 .	On a recent visit , lawyers and lung cancer dominated the top 10 .	the_a	8920
In the lot of cases security forces participated in their displacement .	In a lot of cases security forces participated in their displacement .	the_a	8921
The equally important measure is how the endowment did against its peers .	An equally important measure is how the endowment did against its peers .	the_a	8922
Only the handful of people knew about the president 's trip .	Only a handful of people knew about the president 's trip .	the_a	8923
In the normal year , Justin Vineyards produces about 40,000 cases of wine .	In a normal year , Justin Vineyards produces about 40,000 cases of wine .	the_a	8924
The message left at Forger 's office was not been returned .	A message left at Forger 's office was not been returned .	the_a	8925
The child should never be forced to sit on anyone 's lap .	A child should never be forced to sit on anyone 's lap .	the_a	8926
More than the fifth of pregnancies end that way .	More than a fifth of pregnancies end that way .	the_a	8927
If anything , the strong allegiance to a team becomes medication .	If anything , a strong allegiance to a team becomes medication .	the_a	8928
The replay of the webcast will be available for 90 days .	A replay of the webcast will be available for 90 days .	the_a	8929
1 H Pass Pass 3 C The lot of their research makes sense .	1 H Pass Pass 3 C A lot of their research makes sense .	the_a	8930
Even the toggle in the wrong place can cause offence .	Even a toggle in the wrong place can cause offence .	the_a	8931
The jingling sound echoed loudly through the long cold hall .	A jingling sound echoed loudly through the long cold hall .	the_a	8932
The full-service marina will retract when it is not in use .	A full-service marina will retract when it is not in use .	the_a	8933
To the lot of them , to be honest with you .	To a lot of them , to be honest with you .	the_a	8934
The university she was able to attend thanks to the scholarship .	A university she was able to attend thanks to the scholarship .	the_a	8935
The post-mortem examination has revealed that he died of natural causes .	A post-mortem examination has revealed that he died of natural causes .	the_a	8936
The application from a Sainsbury , Tesco or Morrison should be favoured .	An application from a Sainsbury , Tesco or Morrison should be favoured .	the_a	8937
For instance : The world repaired .	For instance : A world repaired .	the_a	8938
So in the certain way I cannot imagine vision making any difference .	So in a certain way I cannot imagine vision making any difference .	the_a	8939
The man , 31 , suffered severe bruising to his face .	A man , 31 , suffered severe bruising to his face .	the_a	8940
Up the precipitous cliff at top I saw correct path beneath me .	Up a precipitous cliff at top I saw correct path beneath me .	the_a	8941
The clutch of other concessions would also be looked at .	A clutch of other concessions would also be looked at .	the_a	8942
The morning sail on these waters is a gift from the sea gods .	A morning sail on these waters is a gift from the sea gods .	the_a	8943
And the victory over the Rams does not do much to soften it .	And a victory over the Rams does not do much to soften it .	the_a	8944
The key aim here is to seek evidence of Helium-3 .	A key aim here is to seek evidence of Helium-3 .	the_a	8945
If the patient misconstrues your silence on such subjects , so be it .	If a patient misconstrues your silence on such subjects , so be it .	the_a	8946
The Taleban spokesman denied the group was involved in the killing .	A Taleban spokesman denied the group was involved in the killing .	the_a	8947
The open regulatory environment provides the basis for the highest value .	An open regulatory environment provides the basis for the highest value .	the_a	8948
The solemn-faced Kim then shook hands with Roh .	A solemn-faced Kim then shook hands with Roh .	the_a	8949
Huckabee , the ordained Southern Baptist minister , has no such reservations .	Huckabee , an ordained Southern Baptist minister , has no such reservations .	the_a	8950
Only about the third of Americans get the flu vaccine each year .	Only about a third of Americans get the flu vaccine each year .	the_a	8951
The man has been charged over an armed robbery at a post office .	A man has been charged over an armed robbery at a post office .	the_a	8952
The rug or carpet swatch to stand on .	A rug or carpet swatch to stand on .	the_a	8953
The burdensome majority of those SMS messages is spam .	A burdensome majority of those SMS messages is spam .	the_a	8954
After the round of greetings , Mr. Booker got down to work .	After a round of greetings , Mr. Booker got down to work .	the_a	8955
Some mosques with the Sufi orientation extend a rare welcome to gay Muslims .	Some mosques with a Sufi orientation extend a rare welcome to gay Muslims .	the_a	8956
The woman walks past a temple in Bagan , Myanmar .	A woman walks past a temple in Bagan , Myanmar .	the_a	8957
The reconciliation of the non-GAAP to GAAP figures follows this press release .	A reconciliation of the non-GAAP to GAAP figures follows this press release .	the_a	8958
The identical measure has already been passed in New York .	An identical measure has already been passed in New York .	the_a	8959
To Tony Romo : The non-celebrity girlfriend who does not like football .	To Tony Romo : A non-celebrity girlfriend who does not like football .	the_a	8960
The chorus ricochets haphazardly between these functions .	A chorus ricochets haphazardly between these functions .	the_a	8961
The long moment passed .	A long moment passed .	the_a	8962
The police spokesman told The Australian local officers were being reinforced .	A police spokesman told The Australian local officers were being reinforced .	the_a	8963
The strong euro hurts exporters whose goods are priced in the common currency .	A strong euro hurts exporters whose goods are priced in the common currency .	the_a	8964
Sometimes the pinched nerve really is just a pinched nerve .	Sometimes a pinched nerve really is just a pinched nerve .	the_a	8965
The logistical glitch added to the woes .	A logistical glitch added to the woes .	the_a	8966
The air-conditioned medical tent was erected .	An air-conditioned medical tent was erected .	the_a	8967
The natural entertainer , he tap-danced , did impersonations and played the banjo .	A natural entertainer , he tap-danced , did impersonations and played the banjo .	the_a	8968
The notebook diary and notes for the autobiography were another matter .	The notebook diary and notes for an autobiography were another matter .	the_a	8969
The few European banks have adopted the rules .	A few European banks have adopted the rules .	the_a	8970
But the open society and airtight homeland defense systems do not mix .	But an open society and airtight homeland defense systems do not mix .	the_a	8971
The Canadian study reported that 34 percent of couples hit the sack separately .	A Canadian study reported that 34 percent of couples hit the sack separately .	the_a	8972
The spokeswoman for the News Corporation was not immediately available to comment .	A spokeswoman for the News Corporation was not immediately available to comment .	the_a	8973
Speculation about the takeover ran rampant .	Speculation about a takeover ran rampant .	the_a	8974
The small , picturesque fishing boat passed .	A small , picturesque fishing boat passed .	the_a	8975
Sleep , long the cruel and domineering mistress , fell under our control .	Sleep , long a cruel and domineering mistress , fell under our control .	the_a	8976
The unknown amount of money was taken , said Officer Camille Neville .	An unknown amount of money was taken , said Officer Camille Neville .	the_a	8977
The few of the remains have been found with holes in their skulls .	A few of the remains have been found with holes in their skulls .	the_a	8978
The lot of politicians have tried it and he actually made it work .	A lot of politicians have tried it and he actually made it work .	the_a	8979
The " open-ended invitation " had not been taken up , he said .	An " open-ended invitation " had not been taken up , he said .	the_a	8980
The tourist attraction or women who are victims .	A tourist attraction or women who are victims .	the_a	8981
The Credit Suisse spokesman declined to comment .	A Credit Suisse spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	8982
The high-ankle sprain has sidelined him for about 3 ½ games .	A high-ankle sprain has sidelined him for about 3 ½ games .	the_a	8983
The three-day getaway runs about $ 500 per person , Carsten said .	A three-day getaway runs about $ 500 per person , Carsten said .	the_a	8984
The license issued by the TABC was delivered to the store this afternoon .	A license issued by the TABC was delivered to the store this afternoon .	the_a	8985
OUTDOOR SPACE : The wide porch wraps around the main house .	OUTDOOR SPACE : A wide porch wraps around the main house .	the_a	8986
The glass case contains a silver-and-gold object about four feet long .	A glass case contains a silver-and-gold object about four feet long .	the_a	8987
The post-mortem examination was also being carried out yesterday .	A post-mortem examination was also being carried out yesterday .	the_a	8988
The result is expected today .	A result is expected today .	the_a	8989
In the follow-up phone call , she declined to comment further .	In a follow-up phone call , she declined to comment further .	the_a	8990
FROM the omnivore 's perspective , Thanksgiving should be a vegetarian 's feast .	FROM an omnivore 's perspective , Thanksgiving should be a vegetarian 's feast .	the_a	8991
In the nutshell , habeas corpus is what separates us from savages .	In a nutshell , habeas corpus is what separates us from savages .	the_a	8992
The week later , on Oct. 18 , Bhutto returned .	A week later , on Oct. 18 , Bhutto returned .	the_a	8993
For the time she sang with a diminished range .	For a time she sang with a diminished range .	the_a	8994
Mr. Vallas , the newcomer with an unblinkered eye , has a plan .	Mr. Vallas , a newcomer with an unblinkered eye , has a plan .	the_a	8995
The facial ( 20 minutes ) is £ 90 .	A facial ( 20 minutes ) is £ 90 .	the_a	8996
The recent survey named it the country 's child-friendliest city .	A recent survey named it the country 's child-friendliest city .	the_a	8997
In the previous interview , Dhillon defended the contract .	In a previous interview , Dhillon defended the contract .	the_a	8998
The portrait painter , Simone Sandelson , applied and was given Jack Alderman .	A portrait painter , Simone Sandelson , applied and was given Jack Alderman .	the_a	8999
Each production in here , in the way , is a one-off .	Each production in here , in a way , is a one-off .	the_a	9000
For the time , he was their man in London .	For a time , he was their man in London .	the_a	9001
The public swearing-in ceremony is planned for next week at the White House .	A public swearing-in ceremony is planned for next week at the White House .	the_a	9002
Additional details and the official cause of death were not immediately available .	Additional details and an official cause of death were not immediately available .	the_a	9003
The announcement on the succession is expected early next year .	An announcement on the succession is expected early next year .	the_a	9004
The actress with two children and a nanny had lived there before .	An actress with two children and a nanny had lived there before .	the_a	9005
So the Honda Civic is a perfect fit .	So a Honda Civic is a perfect fit .	the_a	9006
The message seeking comment from Scarpa 's lawyer was not immediately returned .	A message seeking comment from Scarpa 's lawyer was not immediately returned .	the_a	9007
Enforsys , the New Jersey-based company , was founded in 2000 .	Enforsys , a New Jersey-based company , was founded in 2000 .	the_a	9008
Clark , the switch-hitter , batted left against the right-handed Corpas .	Clark , a switch-hitter , batted left against the right-handed Corpas .	the_a	9009
My God , what the thing to whine about .	My God , what a thing to whine about .	the_a	9010
The critical milestone for the spacecraft comes in is acquiring its signal .	A critical milestone for the spacecraft comes in is acquiring its signal .	the_a	9011
The estimated 1.5 million Americans and their families are affected by autism .	An estimated 1.5 million Americans and their families are affected by autism .	the_a	9012
The 42-inch plasma TV seemed too large for the room .	A 42-inch plasma TV seemed too large for the room .	the_a	9013
Weapons and the suicide belt were found among the dead , it said .	Weapons and a suicide belt were found among the dead , it said .	the_a	9014
The couple of them have even made it into Wikipedia .	A couple of them have even made it into Wikipedia .	the_a	9015
In place of the formal proposal , he cut her a little slack .	In place of a formal proposal , he cut her a little slack .	the_a	9016
The Sunday morning brunch was planned for the couple 's guests .	A Sunday morning brunch was planned for the couple 's guests .	the_a	9017
" The simple question , " cried David Cameron .	" A simple question , " cried David Cameron .	the_a	9018
And the bonus it is a Saturday .	And a bonus it is a Saturday .	the_a	9019
The fortune is spent preventing piracy and developing software that cannot be replicated .	A fortune is spent preventing piracy and developing software that cannot be replicated .	the_a	9020
The loved aunt committed suicide when he was seven .	A loved aunt committed suicide when he was seven .	the_a	9021
The motto would be new , but could convey tradition .	A motto would be new , but could convey tradition .	the_a	9022
The victory and he gets the winner of Carlos Moya-Ernests Gulbis matchup .	A victory and he gets the winner of Carlos Moya-Ernests Gulbis matchup .	the_a	9023
But after the couple of months I began to doubt .	But after a couple of months I began to doubt .	the_a	9024
From the tree-trunk like a proto-Empire State swung a not-yet-ready King Kong .	From a tree-trunk like a proto-Empire State swung a not-yet-ready King Kong .	the_a	9025
MoveOn.org , the liberal antiwar group , has targeted Baird .	MoveOn.org , a liberal antiwar group , has targeted Baird .	the_a	9026
The literary scholar , Mr Enkhbayar studied in Moscow and in Britain .	A literary scholar , Mr Enkhbayar studied in Moscow and in Britain .	the_a	9027
The number of Lords have claimed allowances regularly while voting infrequently .	A number of Lords have claimed allowances regularly while voting infrequently .	the_a	9028
The few readers commented on some French assumptions .	A few readers commented on some French assumptions .	the_a	9029
The lot of people admire that , and he embodies Hindu pride .	A lot of people admire that , and he embodies Hindu pride .	the_a	9030
Judith Czelusniak , the spokeswoman for Bloomberg , denied the accusations .	Judith Czelusniak , a spokeswoman for Bloomberg , denied the accusations .	the_a	9031
The representative for Winehouse had no immediate comment , People.com said .	A representative for Winehouse had no immediate comment , People.com said .	the_a	9032
Only the few relatives of his victims were there to hear judgement passed .	Only a few relatives of his victims were there to hear judgement passed .	the_a	9033
The decision is due early next year .	A decision is due early next year .	the_a	9034
The 50-year-old man has now been charged with murder by Leicestershire Police .	A 50-year-old man has now been charged with murder by Leicestershire Police .	the_a	9035
The cost of the mission is roughly $ 30 million .	The cost of a mission is roughly $ 30 million .	the_a	9036
However the clear north-south health divide remained .	However a clear north-south health divide remained .	the_a	9037
The standard 12-month season ticket costs £ 1,528 .	A standard 12-month season ticket costs £ 1,528 .	the_a	9038
The top Catholic funds family is Ave Maria .	A top Catholic funds family is Ave Maria .	the_a	9039
The Xbox 360 version will follow early next year .	An Xbox 360 version will follow early next year .	the_a	9040
The autopsy was planned to confirm the cause of death , police said .	An autopsy was planned to confirm the cause of death , police said .	the_a	9041
On the small table nearby sat a box of tissues .	On a small table nearby sat a box of tissues .	the_a	9042
The year later he received an award from Human Rights Watch .	A year later he received an award from Human Rights Watch .	the_a	9043
The visit to a Manhattan doctor revealed a tumor in his colon .	A visit to a Manhattan doctor revealed a tumor in his colon .	the_a	9044
At least the quarter of the attendees wore Cubs blue .	At least a quarter of the attendees wore Cubs blue .	the_a	9045
The judge is expected to rule on some of his arguments this year .	A judge is expected to rule on some of his arguments this year .	the_a	9046
But , the minute later , they were a goal down .	But , a minute later , they were a goal down .	the_a	9047
The $ 3 million endowment for operations has also been acquired .	A $ 3 million endowment for operations has also been acquired .	the_a	9048
But the word of caution is necessary here , Chad .	But a word of caution is necessary here , Chad .	the_a	9049
Despite the strong performance , Ligety finished 0.32 seconds behind the big Norwegian .	Despite a strong performance , Ligety finished 0.32 seconds behind the big Norwegian .	the_a	9050
The proposal to build a third new unit there was dropped earlier .	A proposal to build a third new unit there was dropped earlier .	the_a	9051
Nothing short of the strike could have stopped him .	Nothing short of a strike could have stopped him .	the_a	9052
The Government campaign for keeping pensioners warm includes help to install heating .	A Government campaign for keeping pensioners warm includes help to install heating .	the_a	9053
The judge entered a not guilty plea on her behalf .	A judge entered a not guilty plea on her behalf .	the_a	9054
The chassis made to handle every s curve that comes its way .	A chassis made to handle every s curve that comes its way .	the_a	9055
The good 8 more months to go sweetie !	A good 8 more months to go sweetie !	the_a	9056
The close friend of Anderson 's set the rocky marriage record straight .	A close friend of Anderson 's set the rocky marriage record straight .	the_a	9057
To the certain extent , we do encourage customers to drink it .	To a certain extent , we do encourage customers to drink it .	the_a	9058
The tiny part of the analogy could yet pan out .	A tiny part of the analogy could yet pan out .	the_a	9059
After the exchange of punts , the Hokies struck again .	After an exchange of punts , the Hokies struck again .	the_a	9060
The simple test will reveal if a person has sickle haemoglobin .	A simple test will reveal if a person has sickle haemoglobin .	the_a	9061
Sometimes , The Labor Day - washingtonpost.com Griffey asked incredulously .	Sometimes , A Labor Day - washingtonpost.com Griffey asked incredulously .	the_a	9062
The rotten stench filled the air .	A rotten stench filled the air .	the_a	9063
But how much of the anchor should a reputation be for a wine ?	But how much of an anchor should a reputation be for a wine ?	the_a	9064
Quite the bit less than the media would have you believe .	Quite a bit less than the media would have you believe .	the_a	9065
From the distance I heard the sound of footsteps approaching the door .	From a distance I heard the sound of footsteps approaching the door .	the_a	9066
The few ounces of vulnerability would warm up the proceedings .	A few ounces of vulnerability would warm up the proceedings .	the_a	9067
Himself the Protestant , Ter Brugghen had many patrician Roman Catholic patrons .	Himself a Protestant , Ter Brugghen had many patrician Roman Catholic patrons .	the_a	9068
8th Potter book the possibility It usually is temporary .	8th Potter book a possibility It usually is temporary .	the_a	9069
The suite costs £ 255 .	A suite costs £ 255 .	the_a	9070
The dense plastic bottle is one of the best things to recycle .	A dense plastic bottle is one of the best things to recycle .	the_a	9071
The huge nine-figure deal is virtually certain .	A huge nine-figure deal is virtually certain .	the_a	9072
Such the selective use of crime statistics is easily countered .	Such a selective use of crime statistics is easily countered .	the_a	9073
The few other championships are on the line , too .	A few other championships are on the line , too .	the_a	9074
But the military commission reviewing the case in September overruled it .	But a military commission reviewing the case in September overruled it .	the_a	9075
The anti-advertising ad campaign staged by a big-shot advertiser ?	An anti-advertising ad campaign staged by a big-shot advertiser ?	the_a	9076
Only the team preparing for the postseason would practice on Thanksgiving .	Only a team preparing for the postseason would practice on Thanksgiving .	the_a	9077
Such the economic model is a rarity in the fashion industry .	Such an economic model is a rarity in the fashion industry .	the_a	9078
The final decision is pending .	A final decision is pending .	the_a	9079
The woman 's what , he did not elaborate .	A woman 's what , he did not elaborate .	the_a	9080
The autopsy has been scheduled .	An autopsy has been scheduled .	the_a	9081
The iPod 's blare fills the room with bass .	An iPod 's blare fills the room with bass .	the_a	9082
In July 1973 , the bushel fetched $ 11.87 .	In July 1973 , a bushel fetched $ 11.87 .	the_a	9083
Mighty like the rose .	Mighty like a rose .	the_a	9084
Adam Rolston , the architect friend , played furniture shrink .	Adam Rolston , an architect friend , played furniture shrink .	the_a	9085
The stepson works for the Coconut Creek police department .	A stepson works for the Coconut Creek police department .	the_a	9086
The fresh workout could be as close as your cable provider .	A fresh workout could be as close as your cable provider .	the_a	9087
And the era will end .	And an era will end .	the_a	9088
- The Crossrail Bill was first submitted to Parliament in 1991 .	- A Crossrail Bill was first submitted to Parliament in 1991 .	the_a	9089
But the cyclist could filter through it all , he said .	But a cyclist could filter through it all , he said .	the_a	9090
The 32-by-24-foot barge covers the shipwreck site to give divers access .	A 32-by-24-foot barge covers the shipwreck site to give divers access .	the_a	9091
But one of nearly the dozen sushi rolls shouldn 't be missed .	But one of nearly a dozen sushi rolls shouldn 't be missed .	the_a	9092
The game that I would been playing since I was a kid .	A game that I would been playing since I was a kid .	the_a	9093
But the actual house it is .	But an actual house it is .	the_a	9094
" Butch " Otter , also the Republican , can choose a replacement .	" Butch " Otter , also a Republican , can choose a replacement .	the_a	9095
The total of 518 subjects developed heart failure .	A total of 518 subjects developed heart failure .	the_a	9096
The colleague guessed it was for drying sponges .	A colleague guessed it was for drying sponges .	the_a	9097
The petition listing nearly 500 objectors had been handed in .	A petition listing nearly 500 objectors had been handed in .	the_a	9098
The autopsy was scheduled for Monday .	An autopsy was scheduled for Monday .	the_a	9099
The razed rainforest may take decades to regrow .	A razed rainforest may take decades to regrow .	the_a	9100
Robert Emmers , the spokesman for Hsu , declined to comment .	Robert Emmers , a spokesman for Hsu , declined to comment .	the_a	9101
The sauna can also sizzle outdoors .	A sauna can also sizzle outdoors .	the_a	9102
The new school will be built in Bethesda .	A new school will be built in Bethesda .	the_a	9103
The identity of the pedestrian , the man , was not released .	The identity of the pedestrian , a man , was not released .	the_a	9104
The representative from Comscore was not immediately available for comment .	A representative from Comscore was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	9105
Now the new one is taking its place .	Now a new one is taking its place .	the_a	9106
The somber variation with deep tolling bass tones anticipates Rachmaninoff .	A somber variation with deep tolling bass tones anticipates Rachmaninoff .	the_a	9107
The Fatah flag flies over the house where they all lived .	A Fatah flag flies over the house where they all lived .	the_a	9108
Quarterly sales at stores open at least the year increased 1.2 percent .	Quarterly sales at stores open at least a year increased 1.2 percent .	the_a	9109
Most famous haunted hotels The separate bed folds up into the wall .	Most famous haunted hotels A separate bed folds up into the wall .	the_a	9110
The decision may not come until shortly before kickoff .	A decision may not come until shortly before kickoff .	the_a	9111
The recent report by Audit Scotland said the fortnightly collections would increase recycling .	A recent report by Audit Scotland said the fortnightly collections would increase recycling .	the_a	9112
The man who planted flowers and kept his house straight .	A man who planted flowers and kept his house straight .	the_a	9113
At the outset , the boy named Timo Arroyo steals Andy 's bike .	At the outset , a boy named Timo Arroyo steals Andy 's bike .	the_a	9114
The bomb is placed in the Israeli embassy , 29 people are killed .	A bomb is placed in the Israeli embassy , 29 people are killed .	the_a	9115
Ahead , the enormous steaming pile of rubbish sits under a corrugated roof .	Ahead , an enormous steaming pile of rubbish sits under a corrugated roof .	the_a	9116
The child named after Lyndon Johnson , which was bad enough .	A child named after Lyndon Johnson , which was bad enough .	the_a	9117
The photo of the banner was posted on Internet and blog sites .	A photo of the banner was posted on Internet and blog sites .	the_a	9118
The message left with a Durham city spokeswoman was not immediately returned .	A message left with a Durham city spokeswoman was not immediately returned .	the_a	9119
When in the fix , stick out your hand and beg for cash .	When in a fix , stick out your hand and beg for cash .	the_a	9120
The new Mideast radio station is attracting both Palestinians and Israelis .	A new Mideast radio station is attracting both Palestinians and Israelis .	the_a	9121
The funereal timpani roll signals the quizzical and ethereal conclusion .	A funereal timpani roll signals the quizzical and ethereal conclusion .	the_a	9122
And what the long , strange ride it has been .	And what a long , strange ride it has been .	the_a	9123
The day-care center in Boynton Beach was locked down Wednesday .	A day-care center in Boynton Beach was locked down Wednesday .	the_a	9124
But the writer should never say that .	But a writer should never say that .	the_a	9125
The post-mortem examination revealed she died from a head injury .	A post-mortem examination revealed she died from a head injury .	the_a	9126
Down the road , the Jewish shop sells similar sweets .	Down the road , a Jewish shop sells similar sweets .	the_a	9127
The intuitive , web-based interface enables easy access by any authorized user .	An intuitive , web-based interface enables easy access by any authorized user .	the_a	9128
The entire weekend cost $ 10,000 , District Attorney Danny Porter said .	An entire weekend cost $ 10,000 , District Attorney Danny Porter said .	the_a	9129
The home inspector can estimate how long various appliances and parts have left .	A home inspector can estimate how long various appliances and parts have left .	the_a	9130
The major sticking point was the question of ownership .	A major sticking point was the question of ownership .	the_a	9131
" What the great idea , " Wyland responded .	" What a great idea , " Wyland responded .	the_a	9132
'Just the crack' It is harder than you 'd think .	'Just a crack' It is harder than you 'd think .	the_a	9133
Here , the Guinness record is the stuff of national headlines .	Here , a Guinness record is the stuff of national headlines .	the_a	9134
The life of the first minister is a happy and varied one .	The life of a first minister is a happy and varied one .	the_a	9135
The panel of judges picked 18 qualifiers .	A panel of judges picked 18 qualifiers .	the_a	9136
New windows , of course - and the porch to match .	New windows , of course - and a porch to match .	the_a	9137
And the lot of them have come on hard times now .	And a lot of them have come on hard times now .	the_a	9138
The half-century after her death , Laura Ingalls Wilder is an industry .	A half-century after her death , Laura Ingalls Wilder is an industry .	the_a	9139
The 16-year-old was charged in the killing .	A 16-year-old was charged in the killing .	the_a	9140
The midwife can help to move it if necessary .	A midwife can help to move it if necessary .	the_a	9141
Up to half the billion pounds of this may be unauthorised or illicit .	Up to half a billion pounds of this may be unauthorised or illicit .	the_a	9142
Jenny James , the 30-year-old event planner , hurries into Flowers On High .	Jenny James , a 30-year-old event planner , hurries into Flowers On High .	the_a	9143
But the combination of powerful blows could still have a shattering impact .	But a combination of powerful blows could still have a shattering impact .	the_a	9144
Each injury to the lineman sends ripples throughout the offense .	Each injury to a lineman sends ripples throughout the offense .	the_a	9145
n Zet , the 35-year-old Mayan who was running for local office .	n Zet , a 35-year-old Mayan who was running for local office .	the_a	9146
The lot of homicides are drug dealers fighting over turf and supply .	A lot of homicides are drug dealers fighting over turf and supply .	the_a	9147
To the large degree , that is what brings people into the sport .	To a large degree , that is what brings people into the sport .	the_a	9148
The sudden change in the angle of knee flexion may also contribute .	A sudden change in the angle of knee flexion may also contribute .	the_a	9149
The CNN I-Reporter sent in photo of the truck .	A CNN I-Reporter sent in photo of the truck .	the_a	9150
Such the payment could be in the region of £ 50 per sow .	Such a payment could be in the region of £ 50 per sow .	the_a	9151
... The biofuel version of the engine is on the schedule .	... A biofuel version of the engine is on the schedule .	the_a	9152
The nearby public market and a Catholic church were also teeming with soldiers .	A nearby public market and a Catholic church were also teeming with soldiers .	the_a	9153
But the ad has appeared for a Director of Venues and Facilities Management .	But an ad has appeared for a Director of Venues and Facilities Management .	the_a	9154
Barclays offer , mostly the share swap is around 60 billion euros .	Barclays offer , mostly a share swap is around 60 billion euros .	the_a	9155
The black man comes into his house , with a white walking stick .	A black man comes into his house , with a white walking stick .	the_a	9156
The 18-hole public golf course designed by Robert Trent Jones Jr. is nearby .	An 18-hole public golf course designed by Robert Trent Jones Jr. is nearby .	the_a	9157
The man died after a blaze broke out at a Blackpool hotel .	A man died after a blaze broke out at a Blackpool hotel .	the_a	9158
The spokesman said it defines honour crimes and gives details of support .	A spokesman said it defines honour crimes and gives details of support .	the_a	9159
The hot dog from Superdawg drive-in arrives on a cushion of fries .	A hot dog from Superdawg drive-in arrives on a cushion of fries .	the_a	9160
The year later , Furman converted to Judaism .	A year later , Furman converted to Judaism .	the_a	9161
The genuine political sensation took place at the United Russia pre-election congress today .	A genuine political sensation took place at the United Russia pre-election congress today .	the_a	9162
The sheriff jailed the driver for five months .	A sheriff jailed the driver for five months .	the_a	9163
Jacob , the picky but basically healthful eater , loves a good steak .	Jacob , a picky but basically healthful eater , loves a good steak .	the_a	9164
The medical examination confirmed her story and McColl was interviewed again by detectives .	A medical examination confirmed her story and McColl was interviewed again by detectives .	the_a	9165
For the while , she even managed the Ramones .	For a while , she even managed the Ramones .	the_a	9166
The MAN who raped two young girls is facing a lengthy jail sentence .	A MAN who raped two young girls is facing a lengthy jail sentence .	the_a	9167
The hip replacement would probably mean Smith 's career is over .	A hip replacement would probably mean Smith 's career is over .	the_a	9168
Why , the CBGB fashion store opened last year in the East Village .	Why , a CBGB fashion store opened last year in the East Village .	the_a	9169
Such the awful thing to happen to such a nice guy .	Such an awful thing to happen to such a nice guy .	the_a	9170
The seafood salad costs 7 euros ; half a lobster , 17 euros .	A seafood salad costs 7 euros ; half a lobster , 17 euros .	the_a	9171
The few of those scattered in strategic spots will provide good conversation pieces .	A few of those scattered in strategic spots will provide good conversation pieces .	the_a	9172
The icy wind tugs and whips my face .	An icy wind tugs and whips my face .	the_a	9173
The healthy young person seldom requires medical attention .	A healthy young person seldom requires medical attention .	the_a	9174
Institute the Lender paid fee to offset " rescue " loan failures 2 .	Institute a Lender paid fee to offset " rescue " loan failures 2 .	the_a	9175
The second test for lupus was now abnormal .	A second test for lupus was now abnormal .	the_a	9176
Last night the blue tarpaulin covered the spot where Miss Pniewska fell .	Last night a blue tarpaulin covered the spot where Miss Pniewska fell .	the_a	9177
The Merrill spokeswoman could not be immediately reached for comment .	A Merrill spokeswoman could not be immediately reached for comment .	the_a	9178
, the football player at San Leandro High School , KTVU-TV reported .	, a football player at San Leandro High School , KTVU-TV reported .	the_a	9179
The settlement could preclude a high-profile trial and possible conviction of all charges .	A settlement could preclude a high-profile trial and possible conviction of all charges .	the_a	9180
The immigration judge rejected his appeal against deportation in 2006 .	An immigration judge rejected his appeal against deportation in 2006 .	the_a	9181
But one day the rumor will come , then another .	But one day a rumor will come , then another .	the_a	9182
The tour of the grounds costs 2 euros .	A tour of the grounds costs 2 euros .	the_a	9183
The Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the nomination is set for Tuesday .	A Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the nomination is set for Tuesday .	the_a	9184
The string of agency-run resorts have suffered massive losses .	A string of agency-run resorts have suffered massive losses .	the_a	9185
The full report on the circumstances will be forwarded to the procurator fiscal .	A full report on the circumstances will be forwarded to the procurator fiscal .	the_a	9186
The autopsy would be conducted to both confirm the woman was Cleverley .	An autopsy would be conducted to both confirm the woman was Cleverley .	the_a	9187
The makeshift bomb exploded near them in Anbar province .	A makeshift bomb exploded near them in Anbar province .	the_a	9188
Murphy , the diabetic , has spent months without taking her medication .	Murphy , a diabetic , has spent months without taking her medication .	the_a	9189
Essays in by the week on Tuesday please .	Essays in by a week on Tuesday please .	the_a	9190
The 111-year association with its imposing Channel Street building ends this week .	A 111-year association with its imposing Channel Street building ends this week .	the_a	9191
Every two hours the youth is murdered .	Every two hours a youth is murdered .	the_a	9192
The separate hearing , on Blackwater , is scheduled for next Tuesday .	A separate hearing , on Blackwater , is scheduled for next Tuesday .	the_a	9193
The plan is under way to build a high school , too .	A plan is under way to build a high school , too .	the_a	9194
The day is a dream .	A day is a dream .	the_a	9195
Line the sieve with cheesecloth , and strain the cream-and-cheese mixture .	Line a sieve with cheesecloth , and strain the cream-and-cheese mixture .	the_a	9196
Last year , the blast there killed 13 workers .	Last year , a blast there killed 13 workers .	the_a	9197
Such the move could give people and companies an important psychological boost .	Such a move could give people and companies an important psychological boost .	the_a	9198
The opposition nationalist party said it would support the proposal .	An opposition nationalist party said it would support the proposal .	the_a	9199
" " The fatality of this kind is horrendous and ultimately avoidable .	" " A fatality of this kind is horrendous and ultimately avoidable .	the_a	9200
The draw against Nigeria would secure advancement for the United States .	A draw against Nigeria would secure advancement for the United States .	the_a	9201
The little change , it turns out , can be a beautiful thing .	A little change , it turns out , can be a beautiful thing .	the_a	9202
Malaysia , the mostly Muslim country , has strict laws on dog ownership .	Malaysia , a mostly Muslim country , has strict laws on dog ownership .	the_a	9203
The twisted wreck of the Humvee was in the middle of the road .	The twisted wreck of a Humvee was in the middle of the road .	the_a	9204
Celestis , the Texas-based company , offers to launch ashes into space .	Celestis , a Texas-based company , offers to launch ashes into space .	the_a	9205
And , what the eye opener it is .	And , what an eye opener it is .	the_a	9206
Rob Doughty , the Disneyland spokesman , declined to comment on the report .	Rob Doughty , a Disneyland spokesman , declined to comment on the report .	the_a	9207
In the sense I think it is a waste of time .	In a sense I think it is a waste of time .	the_a	9208
The representative sample of around 200,000 people were interviewed for the survey .	A representative sample of around 200,000 people were interviewed for the survey .	the_a	9209
The U.N. special envoy praised the meeting as a promising first step .	A U.N. special envoy praised the meeting as a promising first step .	the_a	9210
The government spokesman contacted by AP had no immediate comment .	A government spokesman contacted by AP had no immediate comment .	the_a	9211
The cockroach had settled there , waving his ( or her ) antennae .	A cockroach had settled there , waving his ( or her ) antennae .	the_a	9212
The third former officer , Miroslav Radic , was acquitted .	A third former officer , Miroslav Radic , was acquitted .	the_a	9213
The moat runs around the stage , cooling it .	A moat runs around the stage , cooling it .	the_a	9214
LONDON - The British intelligence agency is seeking spies in cyberspace .	LONDON - A British intelligence agency is seeking spies in cyberspace .	the_a	9215
The large part of it came from those puts .	A large part of it came from those puts .	the_a	9216
· The limit that jumped along with housing prices in the past .	· A limit that jumped along with housing prices in the past .	the_a	9217
Failure of the vehicle component during a race is never an option .	Failure of a vehicle component during a race is never an option .	the_a	9218
The hour later , they appear at the trailer .	An hour later , they appear at the trailer .	the_a	9219
The 17-year-old motorcyclist was arrested after the crash .	A 17-year-old motorcyclist was arrested after the crash .	the_a	9220
The similar one was approved in Hailey , Idaho , as well .	A similar one was approved in Hailey , Idaho , as well .	the_a	9221
The minor issue with the game is its technical instability .	A minor issue with the game is its technical instability .	the_a	9222
The few include patient advocates and social workers .	A few include patient advocates and social workers .	the_a	9223
Meanwhile , Mitchell , through the spokesman , declined to comment Wednesday .	Meanwhile , Mitchell , through a spokesman , declined to comment Wednesday .	the_a	9224
The friend has highly recommended Truecrypt , which you can download .	A friend has highly recommended Truecrypt , which you can download .	the_a	9225
The election is still Mr Brown 's to lose .	An election is still Mr Brown 's to lose .	the_a	9226
The copy was immediately obtained from the National Library .	A copy was immediately obtained from the National Library .	the_a	9227
The programme of changes in the way calls are handled began in 2001 .	A programme of changes in the way calls are handled began in 2001 .	the_a	9228
The further 43 post offices in Stirling are also being reviewed .	A further 43 post offices in Stirling are also being reviewed .	the_a	9229
The inquest into Mr Heslop 's death has been opened and adjourned .	An inquest into Mr Heslop 's death has been opened and adjourned .	the_a	9230
30 unless the court let him drop his guilty plea .	30 unless a court let him drop his guilty plea .	the_a	9231
The bogey on No. 8 dropped her back .	A bogey on No. 8 dropped her back .	the_a	9232
The carbon tax , he claims , sounds too much like a tax .	A carbon tax , he claims , sounds too much like a tax .	the_a	9233
Plus , for the minimal fee , it offers childcare .	Plus , for a minimal fee , it offers childcare .	the_a	9234
At least once the fortnight I am verbally abused by a patient .	At least once a fortnight I am verbally abused by a patient .	the_a	9235
The spokesman at the time urged Hurley to turn himself in .	A spokesman at the time urged Hurley to turn himself in .	the_a	9236
The special ceremony is due to take place next month .	A special ceremony is due to take place next month .	the_a	9237
The lower court had acquitted SAS Norge .	A lower court had acquitted SAS Norge .	the_a	9238
The Thanksgiving turkey would be naked without the proper broth and gravy .	A Thanksgiving turkey would be naked without the proper broth and gravy .	the_a	9239
While the bone marrow transplant would be a cure , it is risky .	While a bone marrow transplant would be a cure , it is risky .	the_a	9240
The club spokesman recently confirmed the club still owed about £ 900,000 .	A club spokesman recently confirmed the club still owed about £ 900,000 .	the_a	9241
The tropical storm has sustained winds of at least 39 mph .	A tropical storm has sustained winds of at least 39 mph .	the_a	9242
Half the dozen surfers took advantage of the storm to test the waves .	Half a dozen surfers took advantage of the storm to test the waves .	the_a	9243
Other times , however , the violent reaction can be provoked .	Other times , however , a violent reaction can be provoked .	the_a	9244
The increase in defaults have forced banks to tighten lending standards .	An increase in defaults have forced banks to tighten lending standards .	the_a	9245
The veteran con man , Moist understands that style is virtually everything .	A veteran con man , Moist understands that style is virtually everything .	the_a	9246
The pharmaceutical industry The arraignment for the men was scheduled for Oct. 11 .	The pharmaceutical industry An arraignment for the men was scheduled for Oct. 11 .	the_a	9247
For capitalism , the depression is a good cold douche .	For capitalism , a depression is a good cold douche .	the_a	9248
The tropical storm warning was also issued northward to Cape Charles , Va .	A tropical storm warning was also issued northward to Cape Charles , Va .	the_a	9249
The dwindling number of transport workers were supporting the open-ended walkout .	A dwindling number of transport workers were supporting the open-ended walkout .	the_a	9250
The magnetic resonance imaging exam revealed the ligament injury and a bone bruise .	A magnetic resonance imaging exam revealed the ligament injury and a bone bruise .	the_a	9251
The volunteer force sprang up to police the springs .	A volunteer force sprang up to police the springs .	the_a	9252
The crestfallen Hoffman struggled for words .	A crestfallen Hoffman struggled for words .	the_a	9253
In the small way I hope to be able to contribute to that .	In a small way I hope to be able to contribute to that .	the_a	9254
The figure was not immediately available .	A figure was not immediately available .	the_a	9255
The intern will not save your life .	An intern will not save your life .	the_a	9256
The painting by Francis Bacon has sold for more than £ 8m .	A painting by Francis Bacon has sold for more than £ 8m .	the_a	9257
Clostridium difficile , the bacterial infection of the gut , causes severe diarrhoea .	Clostridium difficile , a bacterial infection of the gut , causes severe diarrhoea .	the_a	9258
The few even claim to know this fictitious country .	A few even claim to know this fictitious country .	the_a	9259
After the couple of minutes there was another , bigger one .	After a couple of minutes there was another , bigger one .	the_a	9260
The throng of Huckabee 's senior aides were nearby .	A throng of Huckabee 's senior aides were nearby .	the_a	9261
The treatment plant that can handle 850,000 tonnes per year has been built .	A treatment plant that can handle 850,000 tonnes per year has been built .	the_a	9262
The short wall on the north side has to be climbed .	A short wall on the north side has to be climbed .	the_a	9263
In the effort to survive , some inmates even resorted to cannibalism .	In an effort to survive , some inmates even resorted to cannibalism .	the_a	9264
What the difference they will make to our collections .	What a difference they will make to our collections .	the_a	9265
The total of 89 people objected to the scheme .	A total of 89 people objected to the scheme .	the_a	9266
The way must be found , however .	A way must be found , however .	the_a	9267
The spokeswoman said consular assistance was being provided .	A spokeswoman said consular assistance was being provided .	the_a	9268
Even in the movie , nobody could fake it like that .	Even in a movie , nobody could fake it like that .	the_a	9269
The Year Later , Gallaudet Faces Challenging Future It is a one-time payment .	A Year Later , Gallaudet Faces Challenging Future It is a one-time payment .	the_a	9270
The storage room the pantry uses was filled with mostly empty wooden pallets .	A storage room the pantry uses was filled with mostly empty wooden pallets .	the_a	9271
The fourth session is scheduled for Wednesday .	A fourth session is scheduled for Wednesday .	the_a	9272
The shape of the prolate spheroid best describes a football .	The shape of a prolate spheroid best describes a football .	the_a	9273
No date for the full hearing has been set .	No date for a full hearing has been set .	the_a	9274
Sounds like the excellent thing to keep handy in the garage .	Sounds like an excellent thing to keep handy in the garage .	the_a	9275
The highest grade , the A minus , was awarded to Kentucky .	The highest grade , an A minus , was awarded to Kentucky .	the_a	9276
The rival nationalist party , Eusko Alkartasuna , spun off in 1987 .	A rival nationalist party , Eusko Alkartasuna , spun off in 1987 .	the_a	9277
The security officer may need to unwrap and inspect them .	A security officer may need to unwrap and inspect them .	the_a	9278
The idea of the economic boycott is not new .	The idea of an economic boycott is not new .	the_a	9279
" The right royal riddle , " the Belfast Telegraph calls it .	" A right royal riddle , " the Belfast Telegraph calls it .	the_a	9280
The high school dropout , he started his own roofing business at 21 .	A high school dropout , he started his own roofing business at 21 .	the_a	9281
The spokesman for the Serbian government declined to respond to Gregorian 's remarks .	A spokesman for the Serbian government declined to respond to Gregorian 's remarks .	the_a	9282
The post mortem proved inconclusive and further tests have been ordered .	A post mortem proved inconclusive and further tests have been ordered .	the_a	9283
The DNC spokesman refused comment .	A DNC spokesman refused comment .	the_a	9284
1919 June - Elections for the Syrian National Congress are held .	1919 June - Elections for a Syrian National Congress are held .	the_a	9285
The startling observation : These are all books .	A startling observation : These are all books .	the_a	9286
The trial on 25 planes is expected to be completed before March .	A trial on 25 planes is expected to be completed before March .	the_a	9287
The estimated one-quarter of babies and toddlers die before the age of 5 .	An estimated one-quarter of babies and toddlers die before the age of 5 .	the_a	9288
Sinatra and the large party were at the next table .	Sinatra and a large party were at the next table .	the_a	9289
The couple and their three-year-old child suffered slight bruises .	A couple and their three-year-old child suffered slight bruises .	the_a	9290
The first batch of 1.6 million tickets was allocated by lottery in April .	A first batch of 1.6 million tickets was allocated by lottery in April .	the_a	9291
The Pleasantville resident who does not hold office was also granted a continuance .	A Pleasantville resident who does not hold office was also granted a continuance .	the_a	9292
After the outcry , the city relented .	After an outcry , the city relented .	the_a	9293
The U.S. bankruptcy court and an Ontario court must approve Bombay 's plan .	A U.S. bankruptcy court and an Ontario court must approve Bombay 's plan .	the_a	9294
The government spokeswoman was unable to immediately confirm the report .	A government spokeswoman was unable to immediately confirm the report .	the_a	9295
The BEA spokesman , Andrew Cole , declined to comment .	A BEA spokesman , Andrew Cole , declined to comment .	the_a	9296
The opposition spokesman said government denials stretched credulity .	An opposition spokesman said government denials stretched credulity .	the_a	9297
But the move to cut rates is not without risks .	But a move to cut rates is not without risks .	the_a	9298
The Federal Highway Administration spokesman said he could not comment on the litigation .	A Federal Highway Administration spokesman said he could not comment on the litigation .	the_a	9299
For links to the Google Map please visit our website .	For links to a Google Map please visit our website .	the_a	9300
The truly deranged e-mail arrives .	A truly deranged e-mail arrives .	the_a	9301
Tia Martins , the fourth-grader , was one of those .	Tia Martins , a fourth-grader , was one of those .	the_a	9302
The results from the post-mortem examination are still not known .	The results from a post-mortem examination are still not known .	the_a	9303
The ambulance raced Fleming to the hospital , with Strong close behind .	An ambulance raced Fleming to the hospital , with Strong close behind .	the_a	9304
The city gets rich that way .	A city gets rich that way .	the_a	9305
And the family was living in our home .	And a family was living in our home .	the_a	9306
The 's starter Lenny DiNardo was gone during the second inning .	A 's starter Lenny DiNardo was gone during the second inning .	the_a	9307
The restoration of habeas corpus rights might have a better chance .	A restoration of habeas corpus rights might have a better chance .	the_a	9308
But then after the few months she stopped talking about it .	But then after a few months she stopped talking about it .	the_a	9309
Bit by bit , the queasy truth takes hold .	Bit by bit , a queasy truth takes hold .	the_a	9310
The week before , the service took place in Baghdad .	The week before , a service took place in Baghdad .	the_a	9311
The B express ride to Midtown takes 40 minutes .	A B express ride to Midtown takes 40 minutes .	the_a	9312
The second , backup sample then is tested .	A second , backup sample then is tested .	the_a	9313
HIS mother , the prostitute , abandoned him when he was small .	HIS mother , a prostitute , abandoned him when he was small .	the_a	9314
The provisional minister of parliament came to Sake on Sunday .	A provisional minister of parliament came to Sake on Sunday .	the_a	9315
But apparently the lot of thought went into those 12 words .	But apparently a lot of thought went into those 12 words .	the_a	9316
His reward : the two-year , $ 10 million contract to entertain us .	His reward : a two-year , $ 10 million contract to entertain us .	the_a	9317
Last year , the blast killed 13 workers .	Last year , a blast killed 13 workers .	the_a	9318
The better answer lies in transatlantic philosophical differences .	A better answer lies in transatlantic philosophical differences .	the_a	9319
The nearby hall was opened for people who had to leave their homes .	A nearby hall was opened for people who had to leave their homes .	the_a	9320
The few other mummified royal faces are also well preserved .	A few other mummified royal faces are also well preserved .	the_a	9321
The tent could be seen in the back garden .	A tent could be seen in the back garden .	the_a	9322
The shortage of lifeguards has forced Helena to shorten hours at children-only pools .	A shortage of lifeguards has forced Helena to shorten hours at children-only pools .	the_a	9323
The man has been arrested after a crash which left a motorcyclist dead .	A man has been arrested after a crash which left a motorcyclist dead .	the_a	9324
The lawyer for the companies could not be reached immediately for comment .	A lawyer for the companies could not be reached immediately for comment .	the_a	9325
The baby has been killed in a three-vehicle crash in Berwickshire .	A baby has been killed in a three-vehicle crash in Berwickshire .	the_a	9326
The vehicle leaves the United Nations compound in Mogadishu on Wednesday .	A vehicle leaves the United Nations compound in Mogadishu on Wednesday .	the_a	9327
The range of measures was in place to control it .	A range of measures was in place to control it .	the_a	9328
The soft drink maker could include a taste of the cola .	A soft drink maker could include a taste of the cola .	the_a	9329
The presidential vote by federal and provincial legislators is scheduled for October 6 .	A presidential vote by federal and provincial legislators is scheduled for October 6 .	the_a	9330
The easterly breeze helped to quickly dissipate the dust .	An easterly breeze helped to quickly dissipate the dust .	the_a	9331
The array of breakout sessions was offered to attendees .	An array of breakout sessions was offered to attendees .	the_a	9332
The 42-year-old crew member was arrested .	A 42-year-old crew member was arrested .	the_a	9333
The softening job market eventually will probably mean slower wage growth .	A softening job market eventually will probably mean slower wage growth .	the_a	9334
The suicide bomber tried and failed to kill him on Feb. 19 .	A suicide bomber tried and failed to kill him on Feb. 19 .	the_a	9335
The apartment dweller can fit one in a kitchen .	An apartment dweller can fit one in a kitchen .	the_a	9336
The lot of money has been wasted , he says .	A lot of money has been wasted , he says .	the_a	9337
The NRA convention in September attracted seven Republican presidential candidates .	An NRA convention in September attracted seven Republican presidential candidates .	the_a	9338
The Sunrise spokeswoman did not return calls seeking comment last night .	A Sunrise spokeswoman did not return calls seeking comment last night .	the_a	9339
The promotion was inevitable .	A promotion was inevitable .	the_a	9340
But the funny thing happened on the way to divorce court .	But a funny thing happened on the way to divorce court .	the_a	9341
The surge in violence ensued .	A surge in violence ensued .	the_a	9342
The Royal Marine and an Army solder also died .	A Royal Marine and an Army solder also died .	the_a	9343
For the start it involves two separate variables .	For a start it involves two separate variables .	the_a	9344
The estimated 2,500 people have signed it .	An estimated 2,500 people have signed it .	the_a	9345
Such the broader tax hike could face greater difficulty in winning approval .	Such a broader tax hike could face greater difficulty in winning approval .	the_a	9346
In the word , they despise her .	In a word , they despise her .	the_a	9347
The lot of memoirists look back through a lens of recovery .	A lot of memoirists look back through a lens of recovery .	the_a	9348
But the threat of the wrenching slowdown is becoming worryingly plausible .	But the threat of a wrenching slowdown is becoming worryingly plausible .	the_a	9349
The verdict is due before his current term expires Nov. 15 .	A verdict is due before his current term expires Nov. 15 .	the_a	9350
The bus was torched and several people were injured , including police .	A bus was torched and several people were injured , including police .	the_a	9351
Northern Rock 132.6p -2.1p But transience across such the vast canvas reveals little .	Northern Rock 132.6p -2.1p But transience across such a vast canvas reveals little .	the_a	9352
For others , the need for such the day means a lot more .	For others , the need for such a day means a lot more .	the_a	9353
The similar external device called VoiceAmp costs about £ 1,500 .	A similar external device called VoiceAmp costs about £ 1,500 .	the_a	9354
The price of the Presidential Physical starts at $ 1,400 .	The price of a Presidential Physical starts at $ 1,400 .	the_a	9355
MEN of the certain age always get a bit dewy-eyed about Edwyn Collins .	MEN of a certain age always get a bit dewy-eyed about Edwyn Collins .	the_a	9356
The state-of-the-art sound system replaced the two corner speakers .	A state-of-the-art sound system replaced the two corner speakers .	the_a	9357
The great place to ski is also a great place to slow down .	A great place to ski is also a great place to slow down .	the_a	9358
In the bowl , mix all ingredients except parsley .	In a bowl , mix all ingredients except parsley .	the_a	9359
In the courtroom sound bytes do not count .	In a courtroom sound bytes do not count .	the_a	9360
Just the regular-looking guy - until he swings the bat .	Just a regular-looking guy - until he swings the bat .	the_a	9361
The former vaudevillian , his presence made the enterprise integrated .	A former vaudevillian , his presence made the enterprise integrated .	the_a	9362
The price this high should also temper demand for oil .	A price this high should also temper demand for oil .	the_a	9363
The previous offer by Russia for it to enrich Iranian uranium got nowhere .	A previous offer by Russia for it to enrich Iranian uranium got nowhere .	the_a	9364
" " The senseless murder like this is not .	" " A senseless murder like this is not .	the_a	9365
The street in Houston , my hometown , is named for William Holman .	A street in Houston , my hometown , is named for William Holman .	the_a	9366
The announcement from Mr. Gillmor 's office was expected shortly .	An announcement from Mr. Gillmor 's office was expected shortly .	the_a	9367
The second Monet , Water-Lilies , Setting Sun , dates from around 1907 .	A second Monet , Water-Lilies , Setting Sun , dates from around 1907 .	the_a	9368
The company like Monster has to maintain the customer experience .	A company like Monster has to maintain the customer experience .	the_a	9369
The coroner 's jury ruled her death accidental .	A coroner 's jury ruled her death accidental .	the_a	9370
Fortunately , the bee apocalypse seems unlikely at this point .	Fortunately , a bee apocalypse seems unlikely at this point .	the_a	9371
The spokeswoman for Dimas declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for Dimas declined to comment .	the_a	9372
What the pity , you think .	What a pity , you think .	the_a	9373
The MRI exam Tuesday revealed a strained right oblique muscle .	An MRI exam Tuesday revealed a strained right oblique muscle .	the_a	9374
The prospect of the co-ordinated global housing slump is a very frightening one .	The prospect of a co-ordinated global housing slump is a very frightening one .	the_a	9375
The official crash investigation is scheduled for completion soon .	An official crash investigation is scheduled for completion soon .	the_a	9376
The master 's degree in psychology or behavioral science is also desired .	A master 's degree in psychology or behavioral science is also desired .	the_a	9377
Such the voltage shortfall undermined the potential dynamism of this performance .	Such a voltage shortfall undermined the potential dynamism of this performance .	the_a	9378
The mysterious stranger ( Williams ) gives him the name August Rush .	A mysterious stranger ( Williams ) gives him the name August Rush .	the_a	9379
Due to the programming error , it did not go off .	Due to a programming error , it did not go off .	the_a	9380
, the former securities trader who consigned work to the sale .	, a former securities trader who consigned work to the sale .	the_a	9381
The breakout session will follow .	A breakout session will follow .	the_a	9382
The FBI agent said the latter reference meant that Hamas controlled the group .	An FBI agent said the latter reference meant that Hamas controlled the group .	the_a	9383
The old friend is charged with a serious crime .	An old friend is charged with a serious crime .	the_a	9384
The quitclaim deed has been suggested .	A quitclaim deed has been suggested .	the_a	9385
The hearing date has not been set .	A hearing date has not been set .	the_a	9386
The inflamed right shoulder tendon limited him to only 21 starts .	An inflamed right shoulder tendon limited him to only 21 starts .	the_a	9387
The replay of the call will be available through September 19 , 2007 .	A replay of the call will be available through September 19 , 2007 .	the_a	9388
With the rain garden , it becomes an amenity .	With a rain garden , it becomes an amenity .	the_a	9389
The constitution , providing for democratic reforms , came into force in 2005 .	A constitution , providing for democratic reforms , came into force in 2005 .	the_a	9390
The independent Editorial Advisory Board guarantees peer review of all clinical material .	An independent Editorial Advisory Board guarantees peer review of all clinical material .	the_a	9391
In the small bowl , whisk together olive oil and lemon juice .	In a small bowl , whisk together olive oil and lemon juice .	the_a	9392
The purpose of the living trust is not to reduce estate taxes .	The purpose of a living trust is not to reduce estate taxes .	the_a	9393
The one-engined plane is more likely to crash .	A one-engined plane is more likely to crash .	the_a	9394
The average postcode covers around 14 people .	An average postcode covers around 14 people .	the_a	9395
Instead of the dresser , plastic bags filled with clothes line a wall .	Instead of a dresser , plastic bags filled with clothes line a wall .	the_a	9396
The few people are recognizable ( Simone Signoret , Salvador Dalí ) .	A few people are recognizable ( Simone Signoret , Salvador Dalí ) .	the_a	9397
The moment later , Steiner relented .	A moment later , Steiner relented .	the_a	9398
The B-2 bomber is run almost wholly on computerized adjustments .	A B-2 bomber is run almost wholly on computerized adjustments .	the_a	9399
The seat is the ultimate lure - it is leading by the backside .	A seat is the ultimate lure - it is leading by the backside .	the_a	9400
But the mix-up with his passport left him stuck in Washington .	But a mix-up with his passport left him stuck in Washington .	the_a	9401
The sweet surprise is in store for Tate & Lyle on Monday .	A sweet surprise is in store for Tate & Lyle on Monday .	the_a	9402
The judge awarded custody to him .	A judge awarded custody to him .	the_a	9403
But the small proportion of people are taking ever more short-haul leisure flights .	But a small proportion of people are taking ever more short-haul leisure flights .	the_a	9404
The red chain-link fence keeps everyone back about six feet from the pit .	A red chain-link fence keeps everyone back about six feet from the pit .	the_a	9405
After the brief and relatively calm discussion , McLaren returned toward the dugout .	After a brief and relatively calm discussion , McLaren returned toward the dugout .	the_a	9406
The image of snake skin was digitally imposed onto the model 's photograph .	An image of snake skin was digitally imposed onto the model 's photograph .	the_a	9407
But the recovery may take longer .	But a recovery may take longer .	the_a	9408
The wheelbase lengthened by 3.7 inches helps the WRX ride more smoothly .	A wheelbase lengthened by 3.7 inches helps the WRX ride more smoothly .	the_a	9409
The spokesman for Colombia 's army ruled out the possibility of an attack .	A spokesman for Colombia 's army ruled out the possibility of an attack .	the_a	9410
When the woman shares her frustration men go on the defensive .	When a woman shares her frustration men go on the defensive .	the_a	9411
DEAR MARGARITA : The reverse mortgage could be ideal for your situation .	DEAR MARGARITA : A reverse mortgage could be ideal for your situation .	the_a	9412
The oil tanker hits a mine in the Strait of Hormuz .	An oil tanker hits a mine in the Strait of Hormuz .	the_a	9413
The 41-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender .	A 41-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender .	the_a	9414
The MAN appeared at Greenock Sheriff Court yesterday accused of murder .	A MAN appeared at Greenock Sheriff Court yesterday accused of murder .	the_a	9415
The affiliate store is also located in Honolulu .	An affiliate store is also located in Honolulu .	the_a	9416
When the party strays from its core value , it is in trouble .	When a party strays from its core value , it is in trouble .	the_a	9417
The further ten were told to make a series of improvements .	A further ten were told to make a series of improvements .	the_a	9418
What the way to go .	What a way to go .	the_a	9419
The single smiling handler brought a sandy-colored dog into the ring .	A single smiling handler brought a sandy-colored dog into the ring .	the_a	9420
The bunk bed at a Rest Box costs roughly $ 12 a night .	A bunk bed at a Rest Box costs roughly $ 12 a night .	the_a	9421
The extra 90,000 apprenticeships will also be created .	An extra 90,000 apprenticeships will also be created .	the_a	9422
The Subway : Just What is Needed .	A Subway : Just What is Needed .	the_a	9423
with respect to the state and how it handles its criminal justice system .	with respect to a state and how it handles its criminal justice system .	the_a	9424
The Mover and Shaker A deposition was planned tomorrow in Tampa , Florida .	A Mover and Shaker A deposition was planned tomorrow in Tampa , Florida .	the_a	9425
The few days later , Julie contacted him .	A few days later , Julie contacted him .	the_a	9426
The plant mister out of reach from her pets was knocked down .	A plant mister out of reach from her pets was knocked down .	the_a	9427
More of the sexual implication than you suggest .	More of a sexual implication than you suggest .	the_a	9428
In the perfect world Ophelia would get her own spinoff documentary .	In a perfect world Ophelia would get her own spinoff documentary .	the_a	9429
At the professional level , their careers had followed radically different paths .	At a professional level , their careers had followed radically different paths .	the_a	9430
The week later , Kentucky thrashed Arkansas , 42-29 , on the road .	A week later , Kentucky thrashed Arkansas , 42-29 , on the road .	the_a	9431
The spokeswoman for 19 Touring had no immediate comment .	A spokeswoman for 19 Touring had no immediate comment .	the_a	9432
The court later acquitted all those police had connected to the crime .	A court later acquitted all those police had connected to the crime .	the_a	9433
The lot of the illicit assistance involves transportation .	A lot of the illicit assistance involves transportation .	the_a	9434
The pardon is more an act of grace than an act of law .	A pardon is more an act of grace than an act of law .	the_a	9435
, also the presidential candidate , did not vote on either resolution .	, also a presidential candidate , did not vote on either resolution .	the_a	9436
The spokesman for Goldman declined to comment on any new bid .	A spokesman for Goldman declined to comment on any new bid .	the_a	9437
" " The unemployed population is easy to recruit to radicalism .	" " An unemployed population is easy to recruit to radicalism .	the_a	9438
Questions about bisphenol The have emerged periodically for nearly the past 10 years .	Questions about bisphenol A have emerged periodically for nearly the past 10 years .	the_a	9439
The top city official said yesterday that the city 's actions were lawful .	A top city official said yesterday that the city 's actions were lawful .	the_a	9440
The telephone listing for American Rights Litigators could not be located .	A telephone listing for American Rights Litigators could not be located .	the_a	9441
But now the vexing additional problem is slowing even privately financed research .	But now a vexing additional problem is slowing even privately financed research .	the_a	9442
What the contrast with , oh , say , Paris Hilton telling E !	What a contrast with , oh , say , Paris Hilton telling E !	the_a	9443
Fix-It Expert Will Lead the New Team at Citigroup I appreciate obscurity .	Fix-It Expert Will Lead a New Team at Citigroup I appreciate obscurity .	the_a	9444
But Representative Gerald M. Fox III , the Democrat of Stamford , persisted .	But Representative Gerald M. Fox III , a Democrat of Stamford , persisted .	the_a	9445
The far greater holistic approach needs to be adopted .	A far greater holistic approach needs to be adopted .	the_a	9446
The message seeking comment was left at school offices Monday .	A message seeking comment was left at school offices Monday .	the_a	9447
The trial is expected to take place next autumn .	A trial is expected to take place next autumn .	the_a	9448
Yet in the way , this hardly matters .	Yet in a way , this hardly matters .	the_a	9449
The second international case involving Ms Bhutto is under way in England .	A second international case involving Ms Bhutto is under way in England .	the_a	9450
Which elements of the grand plan should be built in the first phase ?	Which elements of a grand plan should be built in the first phase ?	the_a	9451
The further 47 % found employment in the finance and business services sector .	A further 47 % found employment in the finance and business services sector .	the_a	9452
' " The official announcement is expected Monday .	' " An official announcement is expected Monday .	the_a	9453
The Nov. 7 deadline for Specialty to complete the purchase also was looming .	A Nov. 7 deadline for Specialty to complete the purchase also was looming .	the_a	9454
In the NiCd battery , the charge begins degrading almost immediately .	In a NiCd battery , the charge begins degrading almost immediately .	the_a	9455
His wife , the office manager , has seen it 31 times .	His wife , an office manager , has seen it 31 times .	the_a	9456
The landlord , the American named NYC , makes them share the apartment .	The landlord , an American named NYC , makes them share the apartment .	the_a	9457
The chase followed and eventually ended with Haskel shooting DeOnt ¿ .	A chase followed and eventually ended with Haskel shooting DeOnt ¿ .	the_a	9458
Brees ' 35 completions on 49 attempts without the interception were impressive enough .	Brees ' 35 completions on 49 attempts without an interception were impressive enough .	the_a	9459
The barrage may further affect those populations .	A barrage may further affect those populations .	the_a	9460
The Family 's Heartbreak Sukhoi holds the remaining shares .	A Family 's Heartbreak Sukhoi holds the remaining shares .	the_a	9461
The draft would have one of two consequences .	A draft would have one of two consequences .	the_a	9462
The player with pace and ability who can score goals is always important .	A player with pace and ability who can score goals is always important .	the_a	9463
The Army brigade will leave Iraq in mid-December .	An Army brigade will leave Iraq in mid-December .	the_a	9464
Or the cause you do not agree with ?	Or a cause you do not agree with ?	the_a	9465
The autopsy was scheduled for Thursday .	An autopsy was scheduled for Thursday .	the_a	9466
The reminder that climate change is nothing new .	A reminder that climate change is nothing new .	the_a	9467
After the while , Bhutto went upstairs to wash her face .	After a while , Bhutto went upstairs to wash her face .	the_a	9468
The spokeswoman declined further comment , citing security reasons .	A spokeswoman declined further comment , citing security reasons .	the_a	9469
The spokesman in Cuomo 's office declined to provide further details .	A spokesman in Cuomo 's office declined to provide further details .	the_a	9470
The Adoration of the Menagerie , if you will .	An Adoration of the Menagerie , if you will .	the_a	9471
Shes the Real Keeper finished third .	Shes a Real Keeper finished third .	the_a	9472
The interior ministry official put the death toll at 10 .	An interior ministry official put the death toll at 10 .	the_a	9473
The 21-year-old man has been injured in a gun attack in County Tyrone .	A 21-year-old man has been injured in a gun attack in County Tyrone .	the_a	9474
The spokesman for Rio refused to comment yesterday .	A spokesman for Rio refused to comment yesterday .	the_a	9475
In the curious way , this only makes the story more intriguing .	In a curious way , this only makes the story more intriguing .	the_a	9476
The public memorial is being planned .	A public memorial is being planned .	the_a	9477
the few would say .	a few would say .	the_a	9478
The Scarpa crew allegedly picked up Porco and executed him .	A Scarpa crew allegedly picked up Porco and executed him .	the_a	9479
The little more than 21 percent said they consumed no alcohol at all .	A little more than 21 percent said they consumed no alcohol at all .	the_a	9480
The beach that makes you feel even sexier - beyond the vacation glow .	A beach that makes you feel even sexier - beyond the vacation glow .	the_a	9481
The chorus of casino workers surrounds the table and gapes in abject admiration .	A chorus of casino workers surrounds the table and gapes in abject admiration .	the_a	9482
Tennessee at Houston , 1 p.m. The ruling is expected by summer .	Tennessee at Houston , 1 p.m. A ruling is expected by summer .	the_a	9483
The ambulance took her to a hospital , Kovach wrote in his report .	An ambulance took her to a hospital , Kovach wrote in his report .	the_a	9484
The NARAL spokesman admitted that the e-mail was in error .	A NARAL spokesman admitted that the e-mail was in error .	the_a	9485
The oceanfront house is listed at $ 1.5 million .	An oceanfront house is listed at $ 1.5 million .	the_a	9486
The section of the Endeavour was dedicated to medical emergencies .	A section of the Endeavour was dedicated to medical emergencies .	the_a	9487
The lot of water has flowed under the bridge in three months .	A lot of water has flowed under the bridge in three months .	the_a	9488
With the ballpoint pen , Oakwood lifted the keys .	With a ballpoint pen , Oakwood lifted the keys .	the_a	9489
The message was left at Emerson for her .	A message was left at Emerson for her .	the_a	9490
The German intelligence official , Ernst Uhrlau , is trying to mediate .	A German intelligence official , Ernst Uhrlau , is trying to mediate .	the_a	9491
The man has been charged with the murder of a two-year-old boy .	A man has been charged with the murder of a two-year-old boy .	the_a	9492
The nanometre is one-billionth of a meter .	A nanometre is one-billionth of a meter .	the_a	9493
Once , the wounded Humvee gunner fell onto his lap .	Once , a wounded Humvee gunner fell onto his lap .	the_a	9494
After all , the last-minute gift is still a gift .	After all , a last-minute gift is still a gift .	the_a	9495
The architectural wonder it is not .	An architectural wonder it is not .	the_a	9496
The wreath with 36 roses marks Jerry Zovko 's birthday .	A wreath with 36 roses marks Jerry Zovko 's birthday .	the_a	9497
id = 1831732007 The gram is about the weight of a paper clip .	id = 1831732007 A gram is about the weight of a paper clip .	the_a	9498
The search is underway for suspects who may have avoided capture .	A search is underway for suspects who may have avoided capture .	the_a	9499
" The nice finish , " Xiao said .	" A nice finish , " Xiao said .	the_a	9500
The photograph from a vehicle George Doty owned previously show his radio setup .	A photograph from a vehicle George Doty owned previously show his radio setup .	the_a	9501
The lot of the drive to lead is underpinned by inherited genes .	A lot of the drive to lead is underpinned by inherited genes .	the_a	9502
What the teenager drives is also important .	What a teenager drives is also important .	the_a	9503
Every half the hour I would need one .	Every half an hour I would need one .	the_a	9504
But for the master communicator , this was a notable mistake .	But for a master communicator , this was a notable mistake .	the_a	9505
The medic from Hilla hospital confirmed receiving the bodies of the victims .	A medic from Hilla hospital confirmed receiving the bodies of the victims .	the_a	9506
The long masterpiece that is a short alternative life for the reader .	A long masterpiece that is a short alternative life for the reader .	the_a	9507
The lot is going to depend on next year 's harvest .	A lot is going to depend on next year 's harvest .	the_a	9508
Let 's look at the dedication page for the clue , shall we ?	Let 's look at the dedication page for a clue , shall we ?	the_a	9509
The new anti-bullying strategy for Cambridgeshire is to be being unveiled .	A new anti-bullying strategy for Cambridgeshire is to be being unveiled .	the_a	9510
In the similar way , I wrote a poem called See the Truth .	In a similar way , I wrote a poem called See the Truth .	the_a	9511
The programme about the case was broadcast in 2005 .	A programme about the case was broadcast in 2005 .	the_a	9512
The additional two dozen students and faculty members were injured .	An additional two dozen students and faculty members were injured .	the_a	9513
The similar situation has arisen with the aquatic centre .	A similar situation has arisen with the aquatic centre .	the_a	9514
The subordinate officer , Veselin Sljivancanin , got five years .	A subordinate officer , Veselin Sljivancanin , got five years .	the_a	9515
In the statement released Wednesday , Jackson reaffirmed his support for Obama .	In a statement released Wednesday , Jackson reaffirmed his support for Obama .	the_a	9516
The nonsmoking vegetarian posing as a cigar lover , Mr. Kennedy was nervous .	A nonsmoking vegetarian posing as a cigar lover , Mr. Kennedy was nervous .	the_a	9517
For Sampson , the quest for the solution is more urgent than ever .	For Sampson , the quest for a solution is more urgent than ever .	the_a	9518
The barbershop and several nearby stores were devastated in the attack .	A barbershop and several nearby stores were devastated in the attack .	the_a	9519
AFTER the six-week campaign , the television and radio advertisements have stopped .	AFTER a six-week campaign , the television and radio advertisements have stopped .	the_a	9520
2026 : The slight delay while keeper Jurgen Macho is treated .	2026 : A slight delay while keeper Jurgen Macho is treated .	the_a	9521
The military spokesman said no further information about the incident was available .	A military spokesman said no further information about the incident was available .	the_a	9522
The unhappy young woman meets an even unhappier drifter .	An unhappy young woman meets an even unhappier drifter .	the_a	9523
The trio of Yao 's teammates from the Houston Rockets will also play .	A trio of Yao 's teammates from the Houston Rockets will also play .	the_a	9524
The more significant problem is the game 's control scheme .	A more significant problem is the game 's control scheme .	the_a	9525
The good fisherman looks for patterns .	A good fisherman looks for patterns .	the_a	9526
The reward is being offered to anyone who tracks down the jokesters .	A reward is being offered to anyone who tracks down the jokesters .	the_a	9527
The small boy entered the shop , carrying a battered aluminum tray .	A small boy entered the shop , carrying a battered aluminum tray .	the_a	9528
The large water boiler has been stolen from a roadside cafe in Northants .	A large water boiler has been stolen from a roadside cafe in Northants .	the_a	9529
The range of colored- diamond jewelry is available as well .	A range of colored- diamond jewelry is available as well .	the_a	9530
But the series of Supreme Court decisions has eroded some of that power .	But a series of Supreme Court decisions has eroded some of that power .	the_a	9531
Such the scenario is unlikely to have been well received by Mr Bell .	Such a scenario is unlikely to have been well received by Mr Bell .	the_a	9532
Or the innocent group of , say , bird watchers .	Or an innocent group of , say , bird watchers .	the_a	9533
The president who is committed to your future .	A president who is committed to your future .	the_a	9534
The common complaint , he said , is low morale among firefighters .	A common complaint , he said , is low morale among firefighters .	the_a	9535
The letter arrived .	A letter arrived .	the_a	9536
Perhaps the better analogy than Columbus would be the polar explorers .	Perhaps a better analogy than Columbus would be the polar explorers .	the_a	9537
The slideshow on Olson showed her most often with a wide smile .	A slideshow on Olson showed her most often with a wide smile .	the_a	9538
The six-mile detour was set up for westbound traffic .	A six-mile detour was set up for westbound traffic .	the_a	9539
At 30 frames the second , my husband claimed .	At 30 frames a second , my husband claimed .	the_a	9540
The driver has been killed in a road crash in West Sussex .	A driver has been killed in a road crash in West Sussex .	the_a	9541
The New Journey But Mr. Schäuble wants more .	A New Journey But Mr. Schäuble wants more .	the_a	9542
The spokesperson for the court would not comment on the drug tests .	A spokesperson for the court would not comment on the drug tests .	the_a	9543
The decision is expected in the next few days .	A decision is expected in the next few days .	the_a	9544
The investigation is underway to determine the cause of the incident .	An investigation is underway to determine the cause of the incident .	the_a	9545
The outdoorsman , he loved fishing , fox hunting and hiking .	An outdoorsman , he loved fishing , fox hunting and hiking .	the_a	9546
Once the year , there is curiosity .	Once a year , there is curiosity .	the_a	9547
The Pentagon spokesman did not immediately return calls or e-mails seeking comment .	A Pentagon spokesman did not immediately return calls or e-mails seeking comment .	the_a	9548
The more serious listing under US law is the " endangered " category .	A more serious listing under US law is the " endangered " category .	the_a	9549
The total of 48 subjects received active NKTR-118 as compared to placebo .	A total of 48 subjects received active NKTR-118 as compared to placebo .	the_a	9550
The school-sponsored show presents obvious challenges .	A school-sponsored show presents obvious challenges .	the_a	9551
The little chilly for me , and personal preference plays a part here .	A little chilly for me , and personal preference plays a part here .	the_a	9552
3 Once the week , my sister teaches me yoga .	3 Once a week , my sister teaches me yoga .	the_a	9553
The makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Owaset .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Owaset .	the_a	9554
Yesterday , the Japanese photographer was shot at point-blank range .	Yesterday , a Japanese photographer was shot at point-blank range .	the_a	9555
For the while , he earned his living as a real estate agent .	For a while , he earned his living as a real estate agent .	the_a	9556
Under the full moon , he steers the Stirs One toward it .	Under a full moon , he steers the Stirs One toward it .	the_a	9557
But in fact the Melling drawing knows exactly where it is going .	But in fact a Melling drawing knows exactly where it is going .	the_a	9558
Thus , donation after the unexpected fatal cardiac arrest is rare .	Thus , donation after an unexpected fatal cardiac arrest is rare .	the_a	9559
The Blackwater spokesman said the company is fully cooperating with the FBI investigation .	A Blackwater spokesman said the company is fully cooperating with the FBI investigation .	the_a	9560
Only the single drug has been approved for the treatment of ALS .	Only a single drug has been approved for the treatment of ALS .	the_a	9561
The FDA advisory panel had recommended approval of the drug in September .	An FDA advisory panel had recommended approval of the drug in September .	the_a	9562
And , Rice 's admonitions for the return to democracy grew .	And , Rice 's admonitions for a return to democracy grew .	the_a	9563
The archived audio replay will be available shortly following the conference call .	An archived audio replay will be available shortly following the conference call .	the_a	9564
, in the dirt field where she fell .	, in a dirt field where she fell .	the_a	9565
Paul J. Browne , the police spokesman , said the officers acted appropriately .	Paul J. Browne , a police spokesman , said the officers acted appropriately .	the_a	9566
The day of mourning is declared .	A day of mourning is declared .	the_a	9567
Obesity in America , the advocacy group , concurs .	Obesity in America , an advocacy group , concurs .	the_a	9568
The comedy that spoofs inspirational sports movies .	A comedy that spoofs inspirational sports movies .	the_a	9569
The Ferrari Enzo , by comparison , requires 11 .	A Ferrari Enzo , by comparison , requires 11 .	the_a	9570
The arraignment in that case is scheduled for Nov. 13 .	An arraignment in that case is scheduled for Nov. 13 .	the_a	9571
The new constitution that includes the Maoists took effect in January 2007 .	A new constitution that includes the Maoists took effect in January 2007 .	the_a	9572
Oftentimes , the bedroom does not offer adequate space to spread out materials .	Oftentimes , a bedroom does not offer adequate space to spread out materials .	the_a	9573
The investigation into the cause of the fire is under way .	An investigation into the cause of the fire is under way .	the_a	9574
Perhaps the alternative to the payment reduction is default .	Perhaps the alternative to a payment reduction is default .	the_a	9575
For the while May and Jennifer said nothing .	For a while May and Jennifer said nothing .	the_a	9576
In the system that lacks transparency , money just disappears .	In a system that lacks transparency , money just disappears .	the_a	9577
The tree was embedded in the vehicle .	A tree was embedded in the vehicle .	the_a	9578
After the while , Bush abandoned attempts at sharp dialogue .	After a while , Bush abandoned attempts at sharp dialogue .	the_a	9579
In the throwback to the past , some women wore lace head coverings .	In a throwback to the past , some women wore lace head coverings .	the_a	9580
The suspended coaster that loops will be an instant favorite with our guests .	A suspended coaster that loops will be an instant favorite with our guests .	the_a	9581
The nearly 80-year-old Irving Berlin standard called " Puttin ' on the Ritz .	A nearly 80-year-old Irving Berlin standard called " Puttin ' on the Ritz .	the_a	9582
, and the niece , Phoebe Cates , who are both working actors .	, and a niece , Phoebe Cates , who are both working actors .	the_a	9583
The total of 457 people were working in the mine at the time .	A total of 457 people were working in the mine at the time .	the_a	9584
The fully optioned JetVan sells for about $ 250,000 .	A fully optioned JetVan sells for about $ 250,000 .	the_a	9585
The Sydney police spokesman declined to give a crowd estimate .	A Sydney police spokesman declined to give a crowd estimate .	the_a	9586
The brush on / off switch helps prevent scattering dirt on bare floors .	A brush on / off switch helps prevent scattering dirt on bare floors .	the_a	9587
The lot of them say they cannot believe nobody has done this before .	A lot of them say they cannot believe nobody has done this before .	the_a	9588
For people under stress , the ordinary workload can sometimes seem unbearable .	For people under stress , an ordinary workload can sometimes seem unbearable .	the_a	9589
The bad one , Buraki , had armored troops .	A bad one , Buraki , had armored troops .	the_a	9590
In extreme cases , the fourth molar might even rear its ugly head .	In extreme cases , a fourth molar might even rear its ugly head .	the_a	9591
The new roof will help your home stand out among the other listings .	A new roof will help your home stand out among the other listings .	the_a	9592
The spokesman said the inquiries were at an early stage .	A spokesman said the inquiries were at an early stage .	the_a	9593
The Angelos Basinas penalty handed holders Greece a 2-1 victory over Hungary .	An Angelos Basinas penalty handed holders Greece a 2-1 victory over Hungary .	the_a	9594
For the second , McLellan , 58 , thought he was seeing double .	For a second , McLellan , 58 , thought he was seeing double .	the_a	9595
The heat wave has southern California 's temperatures soaring .	A heat wave has southern California 's temperatures soaring .	the_a	9596
The report has been sent to the procurator fiscal .	A report has been sent to the procurator fiscal .	the_a	9597
" The pretty obvious myth , " Bush says .	" A pretty obvious myth , " Bush says .	the_a	9598
Rather , such the conversion would require months of preparation .	Rather , such a conversion would require months of preparation .	the_a	9599
In the coma from which she may never recover .	In a coma from which she may never recover .	the_a	9600
The windfall need not be six figures to make a difference .	A windfall need not be six figures to make a difference .	the_a	9601
In the bowl , whisk together cream and 2 tablespoons flour .	In a bowl , whisk together cream and 2 tablespoons flour .	the_a	9602
The daily e-mail message was sent out with talking points .	A daily e-mail message was sent out with talking points .	the_a	9603
The big tax cut now seems extremely unlikely .	A big tax cut now seems extremely unlikely .	the_a	9604
In the globalized , media-drenched world , many such taboos are falling .	In a globalized , media-drenched world , many such taboos are falling .	the_a	9605
At the recent all-ages home screening , a hush fell over the room .	At a recent all-ages home screening , a hush fell over the room .	the_a	9606
But the simple rule like Taylor 's has its limitations , Kohn added .	But a simple rule like Taylor 's has its limitations , Kohn added .	the_a	9607
Within minutes , the chocolate protein drink is brought to him .	Within minutes , a chocolate protein drink is brought to him .	the_a	9608
So close , and yet the divide O 'Hara could never breach .	So close , and yet a divide O 'Hara could never breach .	the_a	9609
For the rare moment near a tennis court , Williams seemed overwhelmed .	For a rare moment near a tennis court , Williams seemed overwhelmed .	the_a	9610
The memorial is planned for Nov. 12 .	A memorial is planned for Nov. 12 .	the_a	9611
Twenty minutes of meditation once or twice the day might seem reasonable .	Twenty minutes of meditation once or twice a day might seem reasonable .	the_a	9612
But the broad range of reforms could combine to produce worthwhile savings .	But a broad range of reforms could combine to produce worthwhile savings .	the_a	9613
The topic you 'd like to see covered ?	A topic you 'd like to see covered ?	the_a	9614
The lot of college students do not openly talk about their family .	A lot of college students do not openly talk about their family .	the_a	9615
The State Department official hinted on Sunday that the conference might be postponed .	A State Department official hinted on Sunday that the conference might be postponed .	the_a	9616
The sign warned that 200 people had drowned in its riptides since 1964 .	A sign warned that 200 people had drowned in its riptides since 1964 .	the_a	9617
The similar plant already exists in Stoke-on-Trent .	A similar plant already exists in Stoke-on-Trent .	the_a	9618
The " rectification notice ' has been served on GSL .	A " rectification notice ' has been served on GSL .	the_a	9619
The hominid site far from Africa has thus taken on new significance .	A hominid site far from Africa has thus taken on new significance .	the_a	9620
The spokeswoman for Deloitte declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for Deloitte declined to comment .	the_a	9621
The makeshift bomb exploded near the Humvee he was driving in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near the Humvee he was driving in Baghdad .	the_a	9622
The Apple representative did not immediately return a call to comment .	An Apple representative did not immediately return a call to comment .	the_a	9623
The press photographer saw two bodies covered with blankets .	A press photographer saw two bodies covered with blankets .	the_a	9624
The envelope with two bullets was left outside his front gate .	An envelope with two bullets was left outside his front gate .	the_a	9625
Exercise and the healthy diet make high blood pressure less likely .	Exercise and a healthy diet make high blood pressure less likely .	the_a	9626
The stone path leads through the grounds to the guest house .	A stone path leads through the grounds to the guest house .	the_a	9627
Ms. Park , the 61-year-old newspaper executive , gets a different reaction today .	Ms. Park , a 61-year-old newspaper executive , gets a different reaction today .	the_a	9628
The few have done brisk double-takes , but no stop-ins .	A few have done brisk double-takes , but no stop-ins .	the_a	9629
The spokesman for Cerberus had no comment .	A spokesman for Cerberus had no comment .	the_a	9630
The small number of birds have been spotted coated in oil .	A small number of birds have been spotted coated in oil .	the_a	9631
The internet-based songbook will provide backing tracks and lesson plans .	An internet-based songbook will provide backing tracks and lesson plans .	the_a	9632
The Tennessee win at Indianapolis puts the Titans in the playoffs .	A Tennessee win at Indianapolis puts the Titans in the playoffs .	the_a	9633
About the week before Thanksgiving , the Canadian went dark .	About a week before Thanksgiving , the Canadian went dark .	the_a	9634
After the relatively lengthy installation process , the complicated software proved unreliable .	After a relatively lengthy installation process , the complicated software proved unreliable .	the_a	9635
The receptionist at his office said Cashman was in a meeting .	A receptionist at his office said Cashman was in a meeting .	the_a	9636
The smaller , weaker , slower salmon is easier prey .	A smaller , weaker , slower salmon is easier prey .	the_a	9637
The idea of threat in the idyllic setting has crucial precedents .	The idea of threat in an idyllic setting has crucial precedents .	the_a	9638
In 1950 , the train wreck in New York City killed 79 people .	In 1950 , a train wreck in New York City killed 79 people .	the_a	9639
Four months later the financial dispute among the producers caused a postponement .	Four months later a financial dispute among the producers caused a postponement .	the_a	9640
The judge has appointed Birkhead guardian of the estate .	A judge has appointed Birkhead guardian of the estate .	the_a	9641
The Israeli text message service sent out an alert as well .	An Israeli text message service sent out an alert as well .	the_a	9642
The last killing of the Iraqi in the neighborhood was on Oct. 18 .	The last killing of an Iraqi in the neighborhood was on Oct. 18 .	the_a	9643
The Derbyshire man who campaigned for NHS funding has died .	A Derbyshire man who campaigned for NHS funding has died .	the_a	9644
The near-simultaneous blast disrupts electricity supplies from Russia .	A near-simultaneous blast disrupts electricity supplies from Russia .	the_a	9645
The Aug. 30 Business article on education technology included an outdated photograph .	An Aug. 30 Business article on education technology included an outdated photograph .	the_a	9646
The eye-watering £ 1.8 billion goes unclaimed every year .	An eye-watering £ 1.8 billion goes unclaimed every year .	the_a	9647
In the 2-hour , 20-minute address , Hu outlined no bold initiatives .	In a 2-hour , 20-minute address , Hu outlined no bold initiatives .	the_a	9648
The feasibility decision is expected later this month .	A feasibility decision is expected later this month .	the_a	9649
The filthy room is one of them .	A filthy room is one of them .	the_a	9650
About 10 years ago , the new idea emerged about luxury .	About 10 years ago , a new idea emerged about luxury .	the_a	9651
The judge ordered him released after two months while he appealed his conviction .	A judge ordered him released after two months while he appealed his conviction .	the_a	9652
The battle of Britain , however , is very much on the cards .	A battle of Britain , however , is very much on the cards .	the_a	9653
The lawyer for Celotex did not immediately comment .	A lawyer for Celotex did not immediately comment .	the_a	9654
The local high school band sold water for a dollar .	A local high school band sold water for a dollar .	the_a	9655
The immigrant from Ivory Coast , he had been living in Brooklyn .	An immigrant from Ivory Coast , he had been living in Brooklyn .	the_a	9656
Reyes , the 22-year-old law student , suffered an ectopic pregnancy .	Reyes , a 22-year-old law student , suffered an ectopic pregnancy .	the_a	9657
The $ 544,325 net profit was generated in the third quarter .	A $ 544,325 net profit was generated in the third quarter .	the_a	9658
Such the statement is embarrassing to him .	Such a statement is embarrassing to him .	the_a	9659
The few less of those and they could fund a settlement for years .	A few less of those and they could fund a settlement for years .	the_a	9660
But more of the commitment , a sense that progress is being made .	But more of a commitment , a sense that progress is being made .	the_a	9661
The humanitarian crisis is taking place in this region of Sudan .	A humanitarian crisis is taking place in this region of Sudan .	the_a	9662
The decision has not yet been taken .	A decision has not yet been taken .	the_a	9663
The Commerce Department report showed construction spending increased 0.3 percent in September .	A Commerce Department report showed construction spending increased 0.3 percent in September .	the_a	9664
Then , in 1995 , the World Cup competition helped change things .	Then , in 1995 , a World Cup competition helped change things .	the_a	9665
The dead dog , the male called Bailey , weighed just over 21kg .	The dead dog , a male called Bailey , weighed just over 21kg .	the_a	9666
The closet under a stairway holds the kids ' sports gear .	A closet under a stairway holds the kids ' sports gear .	the_a	9667
But in its best moments , the engagingly weird and vulnerable mood prevails .	But in its best moments , an engagingly weird and vulnerable mood prevails .	the_a	9668
Suddenly , the leak springs from the ceiling , underneath the bathroom .	Suddenly , a leak springs from the ceiling , underneath the bathroom .	the_a	9669
The shareholder at the mine had said the green-tinged gem weighed 7,000 carats .	A shareholder at the mine had said the green-tinged gem weighed 7,000 carats .	the_a	9670
Nearly 700 submissions , the record at the time , were received .	Nearly 700 submissions , a record at the time , were received .	the_a	9671
The 70-year-old female pedestrian has died after she was knocked down in Aberdeen .	A 70-year-old female pedestrian has died after she was knocked down in Aberdeen .	the_a	9672
The immediate deal seems unlikely , but talks may resume .	An immediate deal seems unlikely , but talks may resume .	the_a	9673
The first-aid team called to the scene soon cleared up the confusion .	A first-aid team called to the scene soon cleared up the confusion .	the_a	9674
The U.S. magistrate tripled the amount in accord with U.S. anti-terrorism law .	A U.S. magistrate tripled the amount in accord with U.S. anti-terrorism law .	the_a	9675
The formidable new competitor , Disney , had arrived .	A formidable new competitor , Disney , had arrived .	the_a	9676
The student from Pakistan passionately denounced democracy as a sham .	A student from Pakistan passionately denounced democracy as a sham .	the_a	9677
The possible breakthrough in the battle to control high blood pressure .	A possible breakthrough in the battle to control high blood pressure .	the_a	9678
The sub-category of the cohort study is the nested case-control study .	A sub-category of the cohort study is the nested case-control study .	the_a	9679
Santi , sick with the cold , came to the table .	Santi , sick with a cold , came to the table .	the_a	9680
And what the love affair it has been .	And what a love affair it has been .	the_a	9681
- The giant leap is about to be made for womankind .	- A giant leap is about to be made for womankind .	the_a	9682
Thus the innocent idea was born .	Thus an innocent idea was born .	the_a	9683
The second act is rare in world politics .	A second act is rare in world politics .	the_a	9684
The more fundamental problem is how deposit insurance distorts banks ' incentives .	A more fundamental problem is how deposit insurance distorts banks ' incentives .	the_a	9685
" The lot of kids are obviously very upset , " he said .	" A lot of kids are obviously very upset , " he said .	the_a	9686
The government investigation is also underway .	A government investigation is also underway .	the_a	9687
The Jehovah 's Witness , she too refused a transfusion .	A Jehovah 's Witness , she too refused a transfusion .	the_a	9688
The interpreter was also killed almost instantly in the incident .	An interpreter was also killed almost instantly in the incident .	the_a	9689
The couple of times , he was singing on the radio .	A couple of times , he was singing on the radio .	the_a	9690
The Giuliani spokeswoman said Thompson should be careful with his rhetoric .	A Giuliani spokeswoman said Thompson should be careful with his rhetoric .	the_a	9691
The fit of the child 's clothes is a rough measure .	The fit of a child 's clothes is a rough measure .	the_a	9692
Capital Sources : The Bold Climate-Change Plan The indictment lists two unindicted co-conspirators .	Capital Sources : A Bold Climate-Change Plan The indictment lists two unindicted co-conspirators .	the_a	9693
Rawalpindi , the former capital , has a history of political violence .	Rawalpindi , a former capital , has a history of political violence .	the_a	9694
And then , all of the sudden , he is ready to die .	And then , all of a sudden , he is ready to die .	the_a	9695
At some point the wholesome state park in the Pacific Northwest went south .	At some point a wholesome state park in the Pacific Northwest went south .	the_a	9696
The third time , Reagan said , Kline tackled her .	A third time , Reagan said , Kline tackled her .	the_a	9697
The final announcement might take days , he said .	A final announcement might take days , he said .	the_a	9698
The state trooper found him in the woods , The Philadelphia Inquirer reported .	A state trooper found him in the woods , The Philadelphia Inquirer reported .	the_a	9699
Hey , the billion here , a billion there , who 's counting ?	Hey , a billion here , a billion there , who 's counting ?	the_a	9700
... Only the few dozen people rallied in Quetta , Peshawar and Lahore .	... Only a few dozen people rallied in Quetta , Peshawar and Lahore .	the_a	9701
The pending energy bill is also likely to skirt formal negotiations .	A pending energy bill is also likely to skirt formal negotiations .	the_a	9702
Always The Virgin had won the Cane Pace , the first leg .	Always A Virgin had won the Cane Pace , the first leg .	the_a	9703
Koufos , the 7-foot freshman , has gotten better every game .	Koufos , a 7-foot freshman , has gotten better every game .	the_a	9704
The deal was done .	A deal was done .	the_a	9705
The cut would mean lower interest rates for millions of people and businesses .	A cut would mean lower interest rates for millions of people and businesses .	the_a	9706
The Lilly representative could not immediately be reached for comment .	A Lilly representative could not immediately be reached for comment .	the_a	9707
The caretaker administration under Malcolm Fraser is installed .	A caretaker administration under Malcolm Fraser is installed .	the_a	9708
The London-based community safety group complained , saying the ads glorified gun crime .	A London-based community safety group complained , saying the ads glorified gun crime .	the_a	9709
The classic prodigal son story followed .	A classic prodigal son story followed .	the_a	9710
The entire cosmology lies off screen , waiting to be unraveled .	An entire cosmology lies off screen , waiting to be unraveled .	the_a	9711
The Bat experience can also bring long-term rewards .	A Bat experience can also bring long-term rewards .	the_a	9712
The full 89 percent of the population is Hispanic , mostly Cubans .	A full 89 percent of the population is Hispanic , mostly Cubans .	the_a	9713
This in the city where infant mortality is at Third World levels .	This in a city where infant mortality is at Third World levels .	the_a	9714
Transfer tomato pan to the rack to cool .	Transfer tomato pan to a rack to cool .	the_a	9715
The German man also drowned trying to help with the rescue .	A German man also drowned trying to help with the rescue .	the_a	9716
The new feature , Open Caucus , started last week .	A new feature , Open Caucus , started last week .	the_a	9717
After the Violent Childhood , How Did Will Make It ?	After a Violent Childhood , How Did Will Make It ?	the_a	9718
The M.C. crept toward the center of the stage .	An M.C. crept toward the center of the stage .	the_a	9719
The fire union leader said the three were being used as scapegoats .	A fire union leader said the three were being used as scapegoats .	the_a	9720
The 3km ( 1.9-mile ) protection zone is in place around the farms .	A 3km ( 1.9-mile ) protection zone is in place around the farms .	the_a	9721
The estimated 86 percent of the metro area 's population is back .	An estimated 86 percent of the metro area 's population is back .	the_a	9722
While the innovative device , TiVo is still a rather niche product .	While an innovative device , TiVo is still a rather niche product .	the_a	9723
The victory over Henin would push Williams to No. 7 .	A victory over Henin would push Williams to No. 7 .	the_a	9724
25 - What the difference a week makes .	25 - What a difference a week makes .	the_a	9725
The favourite leg-loosener for the professional riders who winter in Girona .	A favourite leg-loosener for the professional riders who winter in Girona .	the_a	9726
Such the policy would cost about $ 250 a year .	Such a policy would cost about $ 250 a year .	the_a	9727
Only the few showers were in the forecast .	Only a few showers were in the forecast .	the_a	9728
But the trip to the kitchen may be the smarter move .	But a trip to the kitchen may be the smarter move .	the_a	9729
The spokesman for potential Republican presidential candidate Thompson had no comment .	A spokesman for potential Republican presidential candidate Thompson had no comment .	the_a	9730
The few of them have national coverage ; most are music-based .	A few of them have national coverage ; most are music-based .	the_a	9731
The democracy should not have a royal family .	A democracy should not have a royal family .	the_a	9732
The knife was at her throat .	A knife was at her throat .	the_a	9733
In the country wracked by sectarian strife , aid workers tread carefully .	In a country wracked by sectarian strife , aid workers tread carefully .	the_a	9734
Craig Dahl , the undrafted rookie , is the other .	Craig Dahl , an undrafted rookie , is the other .	the_a	9735
The Republican Party desperate for a conservative standard-bearer encouraged him to run .	A Republican Party desperate for a conservative standard-bearer encouraged him to run .	the_a	9736
The French-trained paratroop colonel , Mr Sassou-Nguesso is seen as a pragmatist .	A French-trained paratroop colonel , Mr Sassou-Nguesso is seen as a pragmatist .	the_a	9737
The message left at Durant 's office was not returned .	A message left at Durant 's office was not returned .	the_a	9738
Today , the half-cup has 95 milligrams , an 81 percent decrease .	Today , a half-cup has 95 milligrams , an 81 percent decrease .	the_a	9739
The replay of the presentation will be available following the event .	A replay of the presentation will be available following the event .	the_a	9740
The youthful 54 , she is 14 years Mr Howard 's junior .	A youthful 54 , she is 14 years Mr Howard 's junior .	the_a	9741
The surge from the device can restore a life-supporting heart rhythm .	A surge from the device can restore a life-supporting heart rhythm .	the_a	9742
The vacant house is more likely to sustain water damage and vandalism .	A vacant house is more likely to sustain water damage and vandalism .	the_a	9743
, the Ameriquest sister company that made loans through independent brokers .	, an Ameriquest sister company that made loans through independent brokers .	the_a	9744
The attempt is currently before New Zealand 's Parliament .	An attempt is currently before New Zealand 's Parliament .	the_a	9745
The addition of the third savory dish is $ 12 .	The addition of a third savory dish is $ 12 .	the_a	9746
Joe Nevin , the 61-year-old Aspen ski instructor , knows the story .	Joe Nevin , a 61-year-old Aspen ski instructor , knows the story .	the_a	9747
the mental problem if somebody asked me .	a mental problem if somebody asked me .	the_a	9748
The young girl was among those hospitalized .	A young girl was among those hospitalized .	the_a	9749
The school play or concert Was it going to have an explosive climax ?	A school play or concert Was it going to have an explosive climax ?	the_a	9750
Crackdown on explosive fun The excerpt of the interview was released Thursday .	Crackdown on explosive fun An excerpt of the interview was released Thursday .	the_a	9751
As 2007 draws to the close , invitations arrive .	As 2007 draws to a close , invitations arrive .	the_a	9752
The white spit protector wrapped around his head and covered his mouth .	A white spit protector wrapped around his head and covered his mouth .	the_a	9753
The recent study found a correlation between PBDE exposure and hyperthyroidism in cats .	A recent study found a correlation between PBDE exposure and hyperthyroidism in cats .	the_a	9754
The spokesman for Time Warner Cable also declined to comment .	A spokesman for Time Warner Cable also declined to comment .	the_a	9755
Mr. Lackman , the Republican , knows Mr. Bruno well .	Mr. Lackman , a Republican , knows Mr. Bruno well .	the_a	9756
The new clinic in Denver may face similar problems .	A new clinic in Denver may face similar problems .	the_a	9757
The spokesman for Bear Stearns declined to comment .	A spokesman for Bear Stearns declined to comment .	the_a	9758
The good example was a joke he directed at me .	A good example was a joke he directed at me .	the_a	9759
Even the morbid joke can help break the ice .	Even a morbid joke can help break the ice .	the_a	9760
Gehry , the world-famous architect , has designed many unusual buildings .	Gehry , a world-famous architect , has designed many unusual buildings .	the_a	9761
The pretrial hearing was set for Oct. 30 on the robbery case .	A pretrial hearing was set for Oct. 30 on the robbery case .	the_a	9762
But the 15-inch screen usually pushes a laptop 's weight past six pounds .	But a 15-inch screen usually pushes a laptop 's weight past six pounds .	the_a	9763
Now the new organisation , Africa Command , has come into existence .	Now a new organisation , Africa Command , has come into existence .	the_a	9764
The occasion to celebrate ( 2 : 15 ) .	An occasion to celebrate ( 2 : 15 ) .	the_a	9765
, the Detroit enclave , moments after the deadline passed .	, a Detroit enclave , moments after the deadline passed .	the_a	9766
Return Yards 45 53 Whether the advice columnist advises them .	Return Yards 45 53 Whether an advice columnist advises them .	the_a	9767
The national solution is precisely what the administration has refused to offer .	A national solution is precisely what the administration has refused to offer .	the_a	9768
Sales at stores open at least the year rose 3 percent .	Sales at stores open at least a year rose 3 percent .	the_a	9769
-- the man who needed to go home .	-- a man who needed to go home .	the_a	9770
The judge in Philadelphia has been named to manage the growing litigation .	A judge in Philadelphia has been named to manage the growing litigation .	the_a	9771
On that occasion , the estimated 3,000 people were killed .	On that occasion , an estimated 3,000 people were killed .	the_a	9772
The 16-year-old and an 18-year-old are being held at separate stations .	A 16-year-old and an 18-year-old are being held at separate stations .	the_a	9773
The unknown number of people decided to ignore the warnings and orders .	An unknown number of people decided to ignore the warnings and orders .	the_a	9774
Beyond the vote , what do you hope to accomplish ?	Beyond a vote , what do you hope to accomplish ?	the_a	9775
The fast-food outlet now adorns the site .	A fast-food outlet now adorns the site .	the_a	9776
The stronger electoral mandate will let PiS finish the job .	A stronger electoral mandate will let PiS finish the job .	the_a	9777
The GOOD boy-band member is never off duty on stage .	A GOOD boy-band member is never off duty on stage .	the_a	9778
The former schoolteacher , she was also co-manager of the Ramones .	A former schoolteacher , she was also co-manager of the Ramones .	the_a	9779
In the July 26 congressional hearing , lawmakers asked Mueller about the incident .	In a July 26 congressional hearing , lawmakers asked Mueller about the incident .	the_a	9780
The lot of senior girls were mad .	A lot of senior girls were mad .	the_a	9781
the double-bogey on the par-three 12th .	a double-bogey on the par-three 12th .	the_a	9782
The decision in the case is expected in 2008 .	A decision in the case is expected in 2008 .	the_a	9783
Gordon , the four-time Cup champion , can see the difference .	Gordon , a four-time Cup champion , can see the difference .	the_a	9784
In the boom days the nil-premium merger was jumped on by private equity .	In the boom days a nil-premium merger was jumped on by private equity .	the_a	9785
The national average comparison rate is not available for one-month CDs .	A national average comparison rate is not available for one-month CDs .	the_a	9786
The few months later , he succeeded .	A few months later , he succeeded .	the_a	9787
After the month you get a little disheartened .	After a month you get a little disheartened .	the_a	9788
The information is not a finding of guilt .	An information is not a finding of guilt .	the_a	9789
The one-hour-per-week lesson ( weekend jams included ) costs $ 300 a month .	A one-hour-per-week lesson ( weekend jams included ) costs $ 300 a month .	the_a	9790
In the given market area , condos typically cost less than single-family homes .	In a given market area , condos typically cost less than single-family homes .	the_a	9791
, the 30-year-old fast-casual restaurant franchise , filled three key executive management positions .	, a 30-year-old fast-casual restaurant franchise , filled three key executive management positions .	the_a	9792
The spherical cannonball is a spherical cannonball is a spherical cannonball .	A spherical cannonball is a spherical cannonball is a spherical cannonball .	the_a	9793
The few such survivors tell their stories in the film .	A few such survivors tell their stories in the film .	the_a	9794
Summary of charges : The panel of physicians also goes over personal references .	Summary of charges : A panel of physicians also goes over personal references .	the_a	9795
The program in Kenya has helped greatly reduce the number of deaths .	A program in Kenya has helped greatly reduce the number of deaths .	the_a	9796
The negative number indicates a contraction .	A negative number indicates a contraction .	the_a	9797
The second official confirmed the findings , the paper said .	A second official confirmed the findings , the paper said .	the_a	9798
The 46-year-old woman has been charged after a man was stabbed in Jersey .	A 46-year-old woman has been charged after a man was stabbed in Jersey .	the_a	9799
The message left for Hedden 's family was not immediately returned Wednesday .	A message left for Hedden 's family was not immediately returned Wednesday .	the_a	9800
The chair made out of a steel box !	A chair made out of a steel box !	the_a	9801
Joe Pyrek , the 24-year-old participant who works in Richmond , Va .	Joe Pyrek , a 24-year-old participant who works in Richmond , Va .	the_a	9802
In the musical , it is not you .	In a musical , it is not you .	the_a	9803
The Tama man was injured when hunting dogs stepped on his gun .	A Tama man was injured when hunting dogs stepped on his gun .	the_a	9804
The reading above 50 indicates growth ; below that spells contraction .	A reading above 50 indicates growth ; below that spells contraction .	the_a	9805
Josh Earnest , the spokesman for Obama , criticized the calls .	Josh Earnest , a spokesman for Obama , criticized the calls .	the_a	9806
The quick poll of my friends with kids supports that claim .	A quick poll of my friends with kids supports that claim .	the_a	9807
Within the minute , it came .	Within a minute , it came .	the_a	9808
The Democrat spokesman said the scandal would certainly harm Giuliani .	A Democrat spokesman said the scandal would certainly harm Giuliani .	the_a	9809
The deluxe spa , also onsite , provides such treatments as acupressure massage .	A deluxe spa , also onsite , provides such treatments as acupressure massage .	the_a	9810
The ruling is expected later this week .	A ruling is expected later this week .	the_a	9811
Throughout the 21-year career there was never a shortage of them .	Throughout a 21-year career there was never a shortage of them .	the_a	9812
Hotels within the 50-mile radius were booked through the weekend .	Hotels within a 50-mile radius were booked through the weekend .	the_a	9813
The Shell spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	A Shell spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	9814
Nationwide , the estimated 12 million immigrants are living illegally in the country .	Nationwide , an estimated 12 million immigrants are living illegally in the country .	the_a	9815
The quartet of Black Hawk helicopters flew overhead to begin the service .	A quartet of Black Hawk helicopters flew overhead to begin the service .	the_a	9816
Mike Barthelemy , the freshman linebacker , had the same fear .	Mike Barthelemy , a freshman linebacker , had the same fear .	the_a	9817
The weapon found in a house raid belonged to Spc .	A weapon found in a house raid belonged to Spc .	the_a	9818
The cash program was debated for decades in Canada .	A cash program was debated for decades in Canada .	the_a	9819
When the ambulance arrived he was rushed to London 's University College Hospital .	When an ambulance arrived he was rushed to London 's University College Hospital .	the_a	9820
The fourth casino is also in the works , Ieng Vuth said .	A fourth casino is also in the works , Ieng Vuth said .	the_a	9821
In the heartbeat , her mission became healing her son .	In a heartbeat , her mission became healing her son .	the_a	9822
Inside , the stench led to the garage .	Inside , a stench led to the garage .	the_a	9823
If the experience is not uploadable to MySpace , it did not happen .	If an experience is not uploadable to MySpace , it did not happen .	the_a	9824
The few seats were unscrewed and smuggled out in recent weeks .	A few seats were unscrewed and smuggled out in recent weeks .	the_a	9825
The third passenger also died .	A third passenger also died .	the_a	9826
The penetrating bomb exploded under their Stryker vehicle in Baghdad .	A penetrating bomb exploded under their Stryker vehicle in Baghdad .	the_a	9827
The offseason and four weeks later , the evidence favors the latter .	An offseason and four weeks later , the evidence favors the latter .	the_a	9828
Continued influence or the return to power seem the most likely options .	Continued influence or a return to power seem the most likely options .	the_a	9829
After the few minutes , the stick indicates negative or positive .	After a few minutes , the stick indicates negative or positive .	the_a	9830
All of the sudden Liege does not seem that bad .	All of a sudden Liege does not seem that bad .	the_a	9831
In the general sense , we know what happened to Bondar .	In a general sense , we know what happened to Bondar .	the_a	9832
The spokesman for McConnell declined to elaborate further on his remarks .	A spokesman for McConnell declined to elaborate further on his remarks .	the_a	9833
- the promenade that remains the city 's most bustling theatrical experience .	- a promenade that remains the city 's most bustling theatrical experience .	the_a	9834
And for the long time , none of them did .	And for a long time , none of them did .	the_a	9835
The gas explosion in a Ukrainian mine killed 90 people .	A gas explosion in a Ukrainian mine killed 90 people .	the_a	9836
The chain of lochs marks the northern boundary .	A chain of lochs marks the northern boundary .	the_a	9837
The different answer , however , had been delivered by Lawrence Dallaglio .	A different answer , however , had been delivered by Lawrence Dallaglio .	the_a	9838
The nearby crossing gate had been torn off .	A nearby crossing gate had been torn off .	the_a	9839
The message left with the company was not immediately returned .	A message left with the company was not immediately returned .	the_a	9840
The quality animal is a very precious commodity these days .	A quality animal is a very precious commodity these days .	the_a	9841
But hey , the little music plug never hurts .	But hey , a little music plug never hurts .	the_a	9842
The provincial police chief said 14 militants were killed in the operation .	A provincial police chief said 14 militants were killed in the operation .	the_a	9843
The repast will be offered at 1 p.m. at City Museum .	A repast will be offered at 1 p.m. at City Museum .	the_a	9844
The new vote has been scheduled for 30 November .	A new vote has been scheduled for 30 November .	the_a	9845
The strike later in the day killed an Islamic Jihad gunman .	A strike later in the day killed an Islamic Jihad gunman .	the_a	9846
The smile broke across his face .	A smile broke across his face .	the_a	9847
The Subway Workers Legacy , in Art Form Who are the identity thieves ?	A Subway Workers Legacy , in Art Form Who are the identity thieves ?	the_a	9848
Smooth Start to Holiday Journeys In The Deal That Could Draw Similar Scrutiny .	Smooth Start to Holiday Journeys In A Deal That Could Draw Similar Scrutiny .	the_a	9849
The 19-year-old trainee died .	A 19-year-old trainee died .	the_a	9850
To the certain extent all beer was cask beer in the pre-industrial age .	To a certain extent all beer was cask beer in the pre-industrial age .	the_a	9851
( the ) Averages hide underlying data .	( a ) Averages hide underlying data .	the_a	9852
The year later , Ms. Melendez 's mother died .	A year later , Ms. Melendez 's mother died .	the_a	9853
The call to her lawyer David Ozeran was not immediately returned .	A call to her lawyer David Ozeran was not immediately returned .	the_a	9854
The post-mortem examination is due to take place .	A post-mortem examination is due to take place .	the_a	9855
The dog who saves her from a fire .	A dog who saves her from a fire .	the_a	9856
The three components of the kick attempt are ignored until something goes amiss .	The three components of a kick attempt are ignored until something goes amiss .	the_a	9857
The appeals court in Nicaragua originally overturned Volz 's conviction in 2005 .	An appeals court in Nicaragua originally overturned Volz 's conviction in 2005 .	the_a	9858
The lot of old people really find it liberating .	A lot of old people really find it liberating .	the_a	9859
The international peacekeeping force is deployed .	An international peacekeeping force is deployed .	the_a	9860
, the report says .	, a report says .	the_a	9861
Larry Flynt , the pornographer , announces his eagerly awaited endorsement .	Larry Flynt , a pornographer , announces his eagerly awaited endorsement .	the_a	9862
The few hours later , she hit another royal flush .	A few hours later , she hit another royal flush .	the_a	9863
Eight years ago , the letdown was expected after back-to-back Super Bowl titles .	Eight years ago , a letdown was expected after back-to-back Super Bowl titles .	the_a	9864
The onlooker took down her license plate number .	An onlooker took down her license plate number .	the_a	9865
Four million babies the year are born in the United States .	Four million babies a year are born in the United States .	the_a	9866
, the Republican who is leading a Senate investigation into the matter .	, a Republican who is leading a Senate investigation into the matter .	the_a	9867
, the Arkansas-based company that sells trademarked game sets .	, an Arkansas-based company that sells trademarked game sets .	the_a	9868
The Scotland Yard spokesman would not comment on the latest report .	A Scotland Yard spokesman would not comment on the latest report .	the_a	9869
The divide emerged yesterday over just how large the shortfall is .	A divide emerged yesterday over just how large the shortfall is .	the_a	9870
The DC-3 will be on hand for scenic flights .	A DC-3 will be on hand for scenic flights .	the_a	9871
More than the dozen people were reported killed in the violence Friday .	More than a dozen people were reported killed in the violence Friday .	the_a	9872
The police team had to rescue the couple .	A police team had to rescue the couple .	the_a	9873
The bit of sprucing up can go a long way .	A bit of sprucing up can go a long way .	the_a	9874
The Coast Guard helicopter delivered a pump to the five crew members .	A Coast Guard helicopter delivered a pump to the five crew members .	the_a	9875
To the lot of people it is a purveyor of dreams .	To a lot of people it is a purveyor of dreams .	the_a	9876
The majority of these belong to the Mehsud tribe .	A majority of these belong to the Mehsud tribe .	the_a	9877
The plane has made a crash landing at an airfield in Norfolk .	A plane has made a crash landing at an airfield in Norfolk .	the_a	9878
Now , in the surprising third act , the kibbutzim are again thriving .	Now , in a surprising third act , the kibbutzim are again thriving .	the_a	9879
The glossary on science is another high point .	A glossary on science is another high point .	the_a	9880
The rescue official said the first three victims identified were not passengers .	A rescue official said the first three victims identified were not passengers .	the_a	9881
Actually the half-dozen drinks , but do not get too excited .	Actually a half-dozen drinks , but do not get too excited .	the_a	9882
Clinical trials " The lot " also extends to sheer volume .	Clinical trials " A lot " also extends to sheer volume .	the_a	9883
The investigation is under way to determine the cause of the crash .	An investigation is under way to determine the cause of the crash .	the_a	9884
The loan arranged with a Tehran , Iran , museum failed to happen .	A loan arranged with a Tehran , Iran , museum failed to happen .	the_a	9885
Where the group of us were reading Spencer .	Where a group of us were reading Spencer .	the_a	9886
The fingertip search of the area was also being done .	A fingertip search of the area was also being done .	the_a	9887
In June , the Louisiana man found a 4.8-carat stone .	In June , a Louisiana man found a 4.8-carat stone .	the_a	9888
The Toyota Motors worker inspects a car engine in Japan .	A Toyota Motors worker inspects a car engine in Japan .	the_a	9889
The court dismissed the state secrets charge but convicted him of fraud .	A court dismissed the state secrets charge but convicted him of fraud .	the_a	9890
The ban in New Jersey , for example , takes effect in March .	A ban in New Jersey , for example , takes effect in March .	the_a	9891
The armored car guards the Presidential Palace in Islamabad on Sunday .	An armored car guards the Presidential Palace in Islamabad on Sunday .	the_a	9892
The discarding error by East conceded an irrelevant overtrick .	A discarding error by East conceded an irrelevant overtrick .	the_a	9893
The port mortem examination found the cause of death to be head injuries .	A port mortem examination found the cause of death to be head injuries .	the_a	9894
The third Damon 's Grill is already under construction in Akron , Ohio .	A third Damon 's Grill is already under construction in Akron , Ohio .	the_a	9895
The republic that supports democratization selectively is another matter .	A republic that supports democratization selectively is another matter .	the_a	9896
Diagnosis of the recession is hard because no single virus causes it .	Diagnosis of a recession is hard because no single virus causes it .	the_a	9897
The Rangoon taxi driver told of a friend detained for 10 days .	A Rangoon taxi driver told of a friend detained for 10 days .	the_a	9898
The spokesman for Schwarzenegger said the governor was reviewing the bill .	A spokesman for Schwarzenegger said the governor was reviewing the bill .	the_a	9899
The new mood of cautious optimism has swept through Iver Heath .	A new mood of cautious optimism has swept through Iver Heath .	the_a	9900
Oh , what the tangled web we weave , etc .	Oh , what a tangled web we weave , etc .	the_a	9901
Not bad for the first-ever run in an electric car he built himself .	Not bad for a first-ever run in an electric car he built himself .	the_a	9902
The genetic mutation may be driving their appetites .	A genetic mutation may be driving their appetites .	the_a	9903
The good haircut and a bit of colour can work wonders .	A good haircut and a bit of colour can work wonders .	the_a	9904
The tiny sliver of those are certified organic .	A tiny sliver of those are certified organic .	the_a	9905
Even the championship is not out of the question .	Even a championship is not out of the question .	the_a	9906
More than the few people seem to have figured this out .	More than a few people seem to have figured this out .	the_a	9907
However , the first-time offender would almost certainly receive a small fine .	However , a first-time offender would almost certainly receive a small fine .	the_a	9908
And then after the day she felt better .	And then after a day she felt better .	the_a	9909
The win for the Glens would see them leapfrog Distillery in the table .	A win for the Glens would see them leapfrog Distillery in the table .	the_a	9910
The note about tipping : All the outfitters on Maui encourage tips .	A note about tipping : All the outfitters on Maui encourage tips .	the_a	9911
The unpopular but seemingly intractable war hangs over the country .	An unpopular but seemingly intractable war hangs over the country .	the_a	9912
... Instead of the dialogue , Columbia had sequential monologues .	... Instead of a dialogue , Columbia had sequential monologues .	the_a	9913
The new government must be formed before mid-October .	A new government must be formed before mid-October .	the_a	9914
The former boyfriend said she and Murray were longtime friends .	A former boyfriend said she and Murray were longtime friends .	the_a	9915
The loft conversion is good , particularly if it is a bedroom .	A loft conversion is good , particularly if it is a bedroom .	the_a	9916
After the few great years AMD has had a couple of rough quarters .	After a few great years AMD has had a couple of rough quarters .	the_a	9917
Most Abrahamic , and the few non-Abrahamic , faiths were represented .	Most Abrahamic , and a few non-Abrahamic , faiths were represented .	the_a	9918
The judge agreed to the order May 1 .	A judge agreed to the order May 1 .	the_a	9919
The clubhouse attendant has spent hours packing up A-Rod 's stuff .	A clubhouse attendant has spent hours packing up A-Rod 's stuff .	the_a	9920
The color of the object helps reveal details about its surface composition .	The color of an object helps reveal details about its surface composition .	the_a	9921
The rep for Hallmark did not immediately return TMZ 's call for comment .	A rep for Hallmark did not immediately return TMZ 's call for comment .	the_a	9922
The employee of The New York Times contributed reporting from Diyala Province .	An employee of The New York Times contributed reporting from Diyala Province .	the_a	9923
The pair of D-cup breasts weighs about 15 to 23 pounds .	A pair of D-cup breasts weighs about 15 to 23 pounds .	the_a	9924
The kilogram just is not what it used to be .	A kilogram just is not what it used to be .	the_a	9925
The bugler played the Last Post before a two minute-silence was held .	A bugler played the Last Post before a two minute-silence was held .	the_a	9926
The sharp grounder by Amaris Ramírez became a double play .	A sharp grounder by Amaris Ramírez became a double play .	the_a	9927
The smart developer is open to that .	A smart developer is open to that .	the_a	9928
, the family owned medical products company based in Ashland , Mass .	, a family owned medical products company based in Ashland , Mass .	the_a	9929
The telephone message was left Wednesday for Stewart 's spokeswoman .	A telephone message was left Wednesday for Stewart 's spokeswoman .	the_a	9930
The 47-year-old man has been charged with the murder of four-year-old Ryan Hawkins .	A 47-year-old man has been charged with the murder of four-year-old Ryan Hawkins .	the_a	9931
The divorce kept her from playing the Australian Open .	A divorce kept her from playing the Australian Open .	the_a	9932
The Global Money Trail Some came forward to confess .	A Global Money Trail Some came forward to confess .	the_a	9933
The potentially huge , socially beneficial market was moments from birth .	A potentially huge , socially beneficial market was moments from birth .	the_a	9934
" When the 28-year-old man dies it is terrible , " he said .	" When a 28-year-old man dies it is terrible , " he said .	the_a	9935
This season the new team joined his competition .	This season a new team joined his competition .	the_a	9936
And the new Gordon Brown character is introduced .	And a new Gordon Brown character is introduced .	the_a	9937
Family history The fresh exterior coat of paint might also prove valuable .	Family history A fresh exterior coat of paint might also prove valuable .	the_a	9938
The pedestrian , the woman in her fifties , sustained serious arm injuries .	The pedestrian , a woman in her fifties , sustained serious arm injuries .	the_a	9939
The shake-up will surely benefit Time Warner .	A shake-up will surely benefit Time Warner .	the_a	9940
The transcript of what Friedgood told the board Tuesday was not immediately available .	A transcript of what Friedgood told the board Tuesday was not immediately available .	the_a	9941
The good walk spoiled ?	A good walk spoiled ?	the_a	9942
Chris Dodd , the long-shot Democratic candidate , was more blunt .	Chris Dodd , a long-shot Democratic candidate , was more blunt .	the_a	9943
The mini-referendum on democratic reform The execution of our strategy is on track .	A mini-referendum on democratic reform The execution of our strategy is on track .	the_a	9944
Once the week administration of R1507 was well tolerated with few side effects .	Once a week administration of R1507 was well tolerated with few side effects .	the_a	9945
After the year in ashen Paris , he was in a chromatic delirium .	After a year in ashen Paris , he was in a chromatic delirium .	the_a	9946
Such the law would neatly encompass both lawsuits .	Such a law would neatly encompass both lawsuits .	the_a	9947
The scan called a coronary angiogram is performed which shows-up the significant narrowings .	A scan called a coronary angiogram is performed which shows-up the significant narrowings .	the_a	9948
But rumors of the portfolio loss have surfaced before .	But rumors of a portfolio loss have surfaced before .	the_a	9949
The reading of 7.0 is predicted , after 10.9 for September .	A reading of 7.0 is predicted , after 10.9 for September .	the_a	9950
The growing number of states are establishing allergy guidelines .	A growing number of states are establishing allergy guidelines .	the_a	9951
The associate of Mehsud denied Taliban involvement .	An associate of Mehsud denied Taliban involvement .	the_a	9952
The 24-year-old Argentine man has married a woman 58 years his senior .	A 24-year-old Argentine man has married a woman 58 years his senior .	the_a	9953
The Spurs win would not go amiss however .	A Spurs win would not go amiss however .	the_a	9954
The grammar check could also be helpful .	A grammar check could also be helpful .	the_a	9955
Then again , the ranting coach does not automatically become an Internet superstar .	Then again , a ranting coach does not automatically become an Internet superstar .	the_a	9956
The jury has already found that the story defamed Fawcett .	A jury has already found that the story defamed Fawcett .	the_a	9957
Within the short time he was commanding it .	Within a short time he was commanding it .	the_a	9958
The two-thirds majority in both chambers would be needed to override the veto .	A two-thirds majority in both chambers would be needed to override the veto .	the_a	9959
The few minutes later we enter a valley with narrow gorges .	A few minutes later we enter a valley with narrow gorges .	the_a	9960
The request for an interview with Wright was not granted .	A request for an interview with Wright was not granted .	the_a	9961
The last time such the report was compiled was in 2001 .	The last time such a report was compiled was in 2001 .	the_a	9962
And the couple will actually get to carry the ball .	And a couple will actually get to carry the ball .	the_a	9963
The Johanns-Kerrey matchup would be a battle of political titans .	A Johanns-Kerrey matchup would be a battle of political titans .	the_a	9964
The full-price Orsay ticket costs nearly $ 11 .	A full-price Orsay ticket costs nearly $ 11 .	the_a	9965
The 19-year-old woman and a 17-year-old man were arrested on Thursday morning .	A 19-year-old woman and a 17-year-old man were arrested on Thursday morning .	the_a	9966
The good one emerged .	A good one emerged .	the_a	9967
Now the wave is starting to form .	Now a wave is starting to form .	the_a	9968
The short jumper by the 7-foot-2 Hibbert started a 21-8 game-ending spurt .	A short jumper by the 7-foot-2 Hibbert started a 21-8 game-ending spurt .	the_a	9969
In the other Group The game , the Czech Republic beat Slovakia 5-2 .	In the other Group A game , the Czech Republic beat Slovakia 5-2 .	the_a	9970
The hospital official said one Afghan civilian also was killed by the blast .	A hospital official said one Afghan civilian also was killed by the blast .	the_a	9971
Such the timescale presents a huge challenge .	Such a timescale presents a huge challenge .	the_a	9972
The lawn mower had sliced a smile in its casing .	A lawn mower had sliced a smile in its casing .	the_a	9973
The spokeswoman lists Diesel , Urban Outfitters and Top Shop as likely competitors .	A spokeswoman lists Diesel , Urban Outfitters and Top Shop as likely competitors .	the_a	9974
The makeshift bomb exploded near them in Balad , in the Sunni Triangle .	A makeshift bomb exploded near them in Balad , in the Sunni Triangle .	the_a	9975
The police helicopter scoured the ground for any trace of the gunman .	A police helicopter scoured the ground for any trace of the gunman .	the_a	9976
In the other incident , the loose nut pierced the slat housing wall .	In the other incident , a loose nut pierced the slat housing wall .	the_a	9977
This the subject on which he is outspoken to the last .	This a subject on which he is outspoken to the last .	the_a	9978
The political kerfuffle in Puerto Rico has landed on K Street .	A political kerfuffle in Puerto Rico has landed on K Street .	the_a	9979
In the video , the ordinary-looking middle-aged man waited nervously backstage .	In the video , an ordinary-looking middle-aged man waited nervously backstage .	the_a	9980
The settlement might be on the way .	A settlement might be on the way .	the_a	9981
And the publicist for Mr. Stewart declined to comment .	And a publicist for Mr. Stewart declined to comment .	the_a	9982
The Sprint Nextel spokeswoman did not return a message Wednesday .	A Sprint Nextel spokeswoman did not return a message Wednesday .	the_a	9983
Put potatoes in the saucepan with water to cover .	Put potatoes in a saucepan with water to cover .	the_a	9984
This MD & The has been prepared as at November 5 , 2007 .	This MD & A has been prepared as at November 5 , 2007 .	the_a	9985
The reconciliation of adjustments to GAAP results appears below .	A reconciliation of adjustments to GAAP results appears below .	the_a	9986
The game-ending 33-21 run by the Saints produced the 12-point victory .	A game-ending 33-21 run by the Saints produced the 12-point victory .	the_a	9987
The weak outlook from JC Penney added to the early weaker tone .	A weak outlook from JC Penney added to the early weaker tone .	the_a	9988
The Monroe Actors Stage Company , the all-volunteer group , agreed .	The Monroe Actors Stage Company , an all-volunteer group , agreed .	the_a	9989
The local real estate lawyer can explain further .	A local real estate lawyer can explain further .	the_a	9990
The newspaper assignment changed that .	A newspaper assignment changed that .	the_a	9991
Through the spokeswoman , Colson denied the account yesterday .	Through a spokeswoman , Colson denied the account yesterday .	the_a	9992
The effect of the output increase would not be immediate .	The effect of an output increase would not be immediate .	the_a	9993
The blog should be a platform for people to express their ideas .	A blog should be a platform for people to express their ideas .	the_a	9994
The operation was approved .	An operation was approved .	the_a	9995
The spokesman for Lion Gables did not return messages seeking comment .	A spokesman for Lion Gables did not return messages seeking comment .	the_a	9996
The slender arm lay over the blanket revealing little muscle and no fat .	A slender arm lay over the blanket revealing little muscle and no fat .	the_a	9997
The few vehicles made their way back , and we followed .	A few vehicles made their way back , and we followed .	the_a	9998
The enormous weapons cache recovered .	An enormous weapons cache recovered .	the_a	9999
The big clue will be age .	A big clue will be age .	the_a	10000
The good touch screen will solve this problem .	A good touch screen will solve this problem .	the_a	10001
The recent study states that Highmark 's positive impact exceeded $ 2.5 billion .	A recent study states that Highmark 's positive impact exceeded $ 2.5 billion .	the_a	10002
The listen-only conference call has been arranged for outside participants .	A listen-only conference call has been arranged for outside participants .	the_a	10003
However , such the benign outcome is by no means assured .	However , such a benign outcome is by no means assured .	the_a	10004
The party-list system , in theory , promises a more representative parliament .	A party-list system , in theory , promises a more representative parliament .	the_a	10005
The message seeking comment was left with Martin .	A message seeking comment was left with Martin .	the_a	10006
The remake is due out next year .	A remake is due out next year .	the_a	10007
In the way , I am a construction of my mother 's imagination .	In a way , I am a construction of my mother 's imagination .	the_a	10008
The vocal group of Toronto FC fans occupied a section of the arena .	A vocal group of Toronto FC fans occupied a section of the arena .	the_a	10009
On Saturday night , the fiery object fell from the sky .	On Saturday night , a fiery object fell from the sky .	the_a	10010
The insurance adjuster was chosen to play Mayor Knobloch .	An insurance adjuster was chosen to play Mayor Knobloch .	the_a	10011
The German shepherd had snapped at a young Iraqi woman standing in line .	A German shepherd had snapped at a young Iraqi woman standing in line .	the_a	10012
The total of 97 patients took part in the study .	A total of 97 patients took part in the study .	the_a	10013
The previous auction record for the Signac was $ 11.6 million .	The previous auction record for a Signac was $ 11.6 million .	the_a	10014
The union leader threatened more strikes if the government did not negotiate further .	A union leader threatened more strikes if the government did not negotiate further .	the_a	10015
Yet the certain ambivalence remains , no matter where the teardowns are occurring .	Yet a certain ambivalence remains , no matter where the teardowns are occurring .	the_a	10016
The loft conversion is the second most profitable option .	A loft conversion is the second most profitable option .	the_a	10017
The sash defines the waistline , thereby avoiding a tentlike silhouette .	A sash defines the waistline , thereby avoiding a tentlike silhouette .	the_a	10018
If the player is injured or genuinely tired , then he should rest .	If a player is injured or genuinely tired , then he should rest .	the_a	10019
, the marketing-driven technology company that empowers businesses to maximize their online presence .	, a marketing-driven technology company that empowers businesses to maximize their online presence .	the_a	10020
The investigation into the cause of the blast is under way .	An investigation into the cause of the blast is under way .	the_a	10021
The brief round-up of the 2008 schedule is below .	A brief round-up of the 2008 schedule is below .	the_a	10022
If the match is found , both people will automatically receive a message .	If a match is found , both people will automatically receive a message .	the_a	10023
The fourth candidate , John McCain , recently hired a Montana campaign chair .	A fourth candidate , John McCain , recently hired a Montana campaign chair .	the_a	10024
In the few weeks , he may lose his house , too .	In a few weeks , he may lose his house , too .	the_a	10025
The fashion revolution just might be happening inside .	A fashion revolution just might be happening inside .	the_a	10026
The religious conservative , General Zia did not promote the arts .	A religious conservative , General Zia did not promote the arts .	the_a	10027
The spokesman for Mr Trump denied that Mr Forbes was being pestered .	A spokesman for Mr Trump denied that Mr Forbes was being pestered .	the_a	10028
The man near them wearing a T-shirt laughs uproariously .	A man near them wearing a T-shirt laughs uproariously .	the_a	10029
The Bank of Scotland spokesman apologized for the inconvenience .	A Bank of Scotland spokesman apologized for the inconvenience .	the_a	10030
The strike by firefighters could see airports close , the union said .	A strike by firefighters could see airports close , the union said .	the_a	10031
The further 16 % say the FA should be held responsible .	A further 16 % say the FA should be held responsible .	the_a	10032
Even the design and manufacturing of the custom sauna can be done fast .	Even the design and manufacturing of a custom sauna can be done fast .	the_a	10033
The key error by catcher Jason Kendall hurt the Cubs in the third .	A key error by catcher Jason Kendall hurt the Cubs in the third .	the_a	10034
Clark , the warehouse manager , wrote in an e-mail .	Clark , a warehouse manager , wrote in an e-mail .	the_a	10035
The lot of those kids have a cocky attitude .	A lot of those kids have a cocky attitude .	the_a	10036
The ministry official said the attack targeted an Iraqi Security Force checkpoint .	A ministry official said the attack targeted an Iraqi Security Force checkpoint .	the_a	10037
The Nottingham-Spirk patent also led to the spinoff SpinBrush Co .	A Nottingham-Spirk patent also led to the spinoff SpinBrush Co .	the_a	10038
If the roach crosses our path , it collects our germs .	If a roach crosses our path , it collects our germs .	the_a	10039
The older daughter had gone to college .	An older daughter had gone to college .	the_a	10040
Originally the Flemish dialect was used here and only the elite spoke French .	Originally a Flemish dialect was used here and only the elite spoke French .	the_a	10041
ON the Monday last January , Candace Bushnell was feeling ebullient .	ON a Monday last January , Candace Bushnell was feeling ebullient .	the_a	10042
The similar incidence of the disease exists in Europe .	A similar incidence of the disease exists in Europe .	the_a	10043
The spokeswoman , Diana Ball , said Boeing could not discuss classified programs .	A spokeswoman , Diana Ball , said Boeing could not discuss classified programs .	the_a	10044
" The spokesman said , " He was gobsmacked .	" A spokesman said , " He was gobsmacked .	the_a	10045
The post-mortem examination is due to be carried out later on Thursday .	A post-mortem examination is due to be carried out later on Thursday .	the_a	10046
The 69-year-old man was robbed as he walked his dog in Northamptonshire .	A 69-year-old man was robbed as he walked his dog in Northamptonshire .	the_a	10047
In the statement , Finish Line said it was considering an appeal .	In a statement , Finish Line said it was considering an appeal .	the_a	10048
After early elections in January 2004 the three-party coalition is formed .	After early elections in January 2004 a three-party coalition is formed .	the_a	10049
The unknown number of civilians also died .	An unknown number of civilians also died .	the_a	10050
The judge on Tuesday granted Spears three monitored visits a week .	A judge on Tuesday granted Spears three monitored visits a week .	the_a	10051
In the bowl , stir together all ingredients .	In a bowl , stir together all ingredients .	the_a	10052
· The status noted with the abbreviation " KO " in multiple-listing services .	· A status noted with the abbreviation " KO " in multiple-listing services .	the_a	10053
In the third area , the turnout was reported at 98 percent .	In a third area , the turnout was reported at 98 percent .	the_a	10054
Then , with the devious grin , he obliged .	Then , with a devious grin , he obliged .	the_a	10055
The back-office processing system generates violation citations .	A back-office processing system generates violation citations .	the_a	10056
Or the man who already speaks Spanish .	Or a man who already speaks Spanish .	the_a	10057
The man of restless energy , Deasy has acted quickly .	A man of restless energy , Deasy has acted quickly .	the_a	10058
But the return to Stanford holds its own problems .	But a return to Stanford holds its own problems .	the_a	10059
The purportedly new Paris Hilton sex tape is circulating the Net .	A purportedly new Paris Hilton sex tape is circulating the Net .	the_a	10060
The stadium that symbolises the tradition of the hand-me-down perhaps ?	A stadium that symbolises the tradition of the hand-me-down perhaps ?	the_a	10061
The beer can had floated in through the broken windows .	A beer can had floated in through the broken windows .	the_a	10062
The number of people were also injured , officials said .	A number of people were also injured , officials said .	the_a	10063
One more loss or the Yankees win would eliminate Detroit from the playoffs .	One more loss or a Yankees win would eliminate Detroit from the playoffs .	the_a	10064
The 800-member election committee , considered biased towards Beijing , makes the selection .	An 800-member election committee , considered biased towards Beijing , makes the selection .	the_a	10065
More than the quarter of older pupils were worried about sex and relationships .	More than a quarter of older pupils were worried about sex and relationships .	the_a	10066
Stu Loeser , the spokesman for the mayor , confirmed the meeting .	Stu Loeser , a spokesman for the mayor , confirmed the meeting .	the_a	10067
Octapharma , also the Swiss-based company , is an independent plasma fractionation specialist .	Octapharma , also a Swiss-based company , is an independent plasma fractionation specialist .	the_a	10068
Once the week , they vote to evict each other .	Once a week , they vote to evict each other .	the_a	10069
The similar measure is pending in the Senate .	A similar measure is pending in the Senate .	the_a	10070
Such the offensive must be prevented at all costs .	Such an offensive must be prevented at all costs .	the_a	10071
Texas de Brazil , the steakhouse , followed .	Texas de Brazil , a steakhouse , followed .	the_a	10072
The credit card number is preferred for on-line purchases .	A credit card number is preferred for on-line purchases .	the_a	10073
The final decision is expected by Aberdeenshire Council on 30 October .	A final decision is expected by Aberdeenshire Council on 30 October .	the_a	10074
The brother and sister predeceased her .	A brother and sister predeceased her .	the_a	10075
Hicok , the poet who has published four books , declined to comment .	Hicok , a poet who has published four books , declined to comment .	the_a	10076
After the hour of his testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	After an hour of his testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	the_a	10077
The first set of answers was posted on Monday .	A first set of answers was posted on Monday .	the_a	10078
The Greenpeace campaign ship will be following the Japanese fleet .	A Greenpeace campaign ship will be following the Japanese fleet .	the_a	10079
Any talk of the housing bubble was dismissed .	Any talk of a housing bubble was dismissed .	the_a	10080
The M.R.I. exam Monday showed a sprained AC joint .	An M.R.I. exam Monday showed a sprained AC joint .	the_a	10081
¿ The clause that can be part of any rental contract .	¿ A clause that can be part of any rental contract .	the_a	10082
The UN spokesman said the February start was still tentative .	A UN spokesman said the February start was still tentative .	the_a	10083
The fourth man survived .	A fourth man survived .	the_a	10084
The platinum-plated start in life is not always what children want or need .	A platinum-plated start in life is not always what children want or need .	the_a	10085
Brown , the 13-year veteran , started every game last season .	Brown , a 13-year veteran , started every game last season .	the_a	10086
In Cook 's case , the doctor 's instructions caused the mistake .	In Cook 's case , a doctor 's instructions caused the mistake .	the_a	10087
Or the PRstore Marketing Consultant will meet customers at their offices .	Or a PRstore Marketing Consultant will meet customers at their offices .	the_a	10088
The third of them were the sons and daughters of professionals .	A third of them were the sons and daughters of professionals .	the_a	10089
And to the large extent , she is correct .	And to a large extent , she is correct .	the_a	10090
The customer entered the 14th Street store last week with his two whippets .	A customer entered the 14th Street store last week with his two whippets .	the_a	10091
The Saturday-night minimum stay is required and a 30-day maximum stay is allowed .	A Saturday-night minimum stay is required and a 30-day maximum stay is allowed .	the_a	10092
The 50-year lease term applies to all of the units .	A 50-year lease term applies to all of the units .	the_a	10093
After the life of winging it , such hard-wrung domesticity feels almost heroic .	After a life of winging it , such hard-wrung domesticity feels almost heroic .	the_a	10094
Sometimes what 's most important about the question is when you ask it .	Sometimes what 's most important about a question is when you ask it .	the_a	10095
The Afghan interpreter working with the troops also was killed , it said .	An Afghan interpreter working with the troops also was killed , it said .	the_a	10096
The shotgun was found in the car .	A shotgun was found in the car .	the_a	10097
The post-mortem examination is due to be carried out on Sunday .	A post-mortem examination is due to be carried out on Sunday .	the_a	10098
The helmet is rarely seen on any Parisian bicyclist .	A helmet is rarely seen on any Parisian bicyclist .	the_a	10099
Besides , the entire tourist industry depends on its existence .	Besides , an entire tourist industry depends on its existence .	the_a	10100
The lesson on Shakespeare 's life failed to provide a sense of purpose .	A lesson on Shakespeare 's life failed to provide a sense of purpose .	the_a	10101
The neat bed will inspire you to deal with other messes immediately .	A neat bed will inspire you to deal with other messes immediately .	the_a	10102
The credit card is the safer option .	A credit card is the safer option .	the_a	10103
The yawning gap The report was published in the medical journal Circulation .	A yawning gap The report was published in the medical journal Circulation .	the_a	10104
Aside from the early drive for a 7-0 lead , they struggled .	Aside from an early drive for a 7-0 lead , they struggled .	the_a	10105
After the year of individual attention and love , their daughter was transformed .	After a year of individual attention and love , their daughter was transformed .	the_a	10106
But the U.S. official in Iraq seemed to take them in his stride .	But a U.S. official in Iraq seemed to take them in his stride .	the_a	10107
The official from English Heritage was among the test-takers .	An official from English Heritage was among the test-takers .	the_a	10108
The clear blue sky silhouetted the steeples of the historic churches sharply .	A clear blue sky silhouetted the steeples of the historic churches sharply .	the_a	10109
When the downturn is avoided , the average six-monthly gain is 20.1 % .	When a downturn is avoided , the average six-monthly gain is 20.1 % .	the_a	10110
The big unknown is the governor .	A big unknown is the governor .	the_a	10111
Already , the host of bills is stalled .	Already , a host of bills is stalled .	the_a	10112
Prize : The investor relations merit badge .	Prize : An investor relations merit badge .	the_a	10113
Tuesday morning , the juror was replaced with an alternate without explanation .	Tuesday morning , a juror was replaced with an alternate without explanation .	the_a	10114
The young patient 's father asked him to sign a shirt .	A young patient 's father asked him to sign a shirt .	the_a	10115
The week later , he said , it became a union job site .	A week later , he said , it became a union job site .	the_a	10116
The report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal .	A report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal .	the_a	10117
The phone number for Shields could not be located .	A phone number for Shields could not be located .	the_a	10118
The finding of professional misconduct could result in him being struck off .	A finding of professional misconduct could result in him being struck off .	the_a	10119
Mr Qureia , the former Palestinian prime minister , condemned the operation .	Mr Qureia , a former Palestinian prime minister , condemned the operation .	the_a	10120
On the few occasions , we reached 30 together .	On a few occasions , we reached 30 together .	the_a	10121
WASHINGTON -- The House committee chairman does not buy Yahoo Inc .	WASHINGTON -- A House committee chairman does not buy Yahoo Inc .	the_a	10122
For the tour organizer , it is a business .	For a tour organizer , it is a business .	the_a	10123
The 49-year-old woman remains in police custody .	A 49-year-old woman remains in police custody .	the_a	10124
Four other soldiers and the Iraqi army interpreter were killed in the incident .	Four other soldiers and an Iraqi army interpreter were killed in the incident .	the_a	10125
The estimated 500,000 people are affected by the floods in Uganda .	An estimated 500,000 people are affected by the floods in Uganda .	the_a	10126
The cause of death has not been determined .	A cause of death has not been determined .	the_a	10127
The elderly woman has died after she was hit by a car .	An elderly woman has died after she was hit by a car .	the_a	10128
The fair answer would be : less than before .	A fair answer would be : less than before .	the_a	10129
The man with a grizzled mustache cried uncontrollably .	A man with a grizzled mustache cried uncontrollably .	the_a	10130
The few players overslept Wednesday and had to run extra sprints after practice .	A few players overslept Wednesday and had to run extra sprints after practice .	the_a	10131
The understudy , Raúl Melo , was ready to go .	An understudy , Raúl Melo , was ready to go .	the_a	10132
The Town In Turmoil But the anxiety prompted me to seek a psychiatrist .	A Town In Turmoil But the anxiety prompted me to seek a psychiatrist .	the_a	10133
During the question and answer session with the audience , Ahmadinejad appeared agitated .	During a question and answer session with the audience , Ahmadinejad appeared agitated .	the_a	10134
Today , only the single row of small trees remain .	Today , only a single row of small trees remain .	the_a	10135
Well in the case of the quarterback , his receivers assume that role .	Well in the case of a quarterback , his receivers assume that role .	the_a	10136
But the unambiguous transition to a " polio-free " world is unlikely .	But an unambiguous transition to a " polio-free " world is unlikely .	the_a	10137
The jury found months later that commissioners deliberated and voted in secret .	A jury found months later that commissioners deliberated and voted in secret .	the_a	10138
, the consultant whose firm checks electricity bills for accuracy .	, a consultant whose firm checks electricity bills for accuracy .	the_a	10139
The key to his success is his vertical integration .	A key to his success is his vertical integration .	the_a	10140
At only $ 25 the seat , the house was pretty much full .	At only $ 25 a seat , the house was pretty much full .	the_a	10141
" " For the lot of Democrats , that is inappropriate .	" " For a lot of Democrats , that is inappropriate .	the_a	10142
The team from the University of Maryland finished second .	A team from the University of Maryland finished second .	the_a	10143
Perhaps the older child in the neighborhood told her that blondes are beautiful .	Perhaps an older child in the neighborhood told her that blondes are beautiful .	the_a	10144
For Walters , the guilty plea could mean a reduced prison term .	For Walters , a guilty plea could mean a reduced prison term .	the_a	10145
The temporary cover was placed above the two toilets .	A temporary cover was placed above the two toilets .	the_a	10146
The explicit inflation target can itself be such a device .	An explicit inflation target can itself be such a device .	the_a	10147
If the firm gets approval , it can own any amount of stock .	If a firm gets approval , it can own any amount of stock .	the_a	10148
In the big theater , I do not think so .	In a big theater , I do not think so .	the_a	10149
The AU statement said 10 were killed and seven wounded .	An AU statement said 10 were killed and seven wounded .	the_a	10150
About NetDimensions The wreath was also laid at a nearby Turkish war memorial .	About NetDimensions A wreath was also laid at a nearby Turkish war memorial .	the_a	10151
The married couple find their way back to each other under unusual circumstances .	A married couple find their way back to each other under unusual circumstances .	the_a	10152
Chronicle for several million and the apology , a report says .	Chronicle for several million and an apology , a report says .	the_a	10153
The second module will take place in March 2008 in the United States .	A second module will take place in March 2008 in the United States .	the_a	10154
The federal courts spokesman in Washington would not comment on the individual case .	A federal courts spokesman in Washington would not comment on the individual case .	the_a	10155
Perhaps 15 seconds of quality time with the man who could be president .	Perhaps 15 seconds of quality time with a man who could be president .	the_a	10156
The blood vessel in her head might have burst , Wheelock says .	A blood vessel in her head might have burst , Wheelock says .	the_a	10157
, the nonprofit that supports the site .	, a nonprofit that supports the site .	the_a	10158
The American victory clinches a berth in the Beijing Olympics .	An American victory clinches a berth in the Beijing Olympics .	the_a	10159
The spokeswoman for Fenty declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for Fenty declined to comment .	the_a	10160
For the while she forgot .	For a while she forgot .	the_a	10161
The Sallie Mae spokesman was unavailable for comment .	A Sallie Mae spokesman was unavailable for comment .	the_a	10162
The Islamist-allied government began the campaign against " obscene " films in 2004 .	An Islamist-allied government began the campaign against " obscene " films in 2004 .	the_a	10163
The annual season ticket costs £ 1,092 .	An annual season ticket costs £ 1,092 .	the_a	10164
The personal pepperoni pizza is a bit of a bargain at $ 8.50 .	A personal pepperoni pizza is a bit of a bargain at $ 8.50 .	the_a	10165
The rebound in the U.S. dollar Monday also pressured crude prices .	A rebound in the U.S. dollar Monday also pressured crude prices .	the_a	10166
Then the friend active in diplomatic circles offered them refuge in Columbia .	Then a friend active in diplomatic circles offered them refuge in Columbia .	the_a	10167
The Lousy Day to Be Born ?	A Lousy Day to Be Born ?	the_a	10168
25 The no-brainer : Cut slab of bacon into 1 / 2-inch chunks .	25 A no-brainer : Cut slab of bacon into 1 / 2-inch chunks .	the_a	10169
The single capital litigation can cost more than $ 1 million .	A single capital litigation can cost more than $ 1 million .	the_a	10170
For the high resolution image , please contact Diana Massing .	For a high resolution image , please contact Diana Massing .	the_a	10171
The good rule of thumb for most individual investors to live by .	A good rule of thumb for most individual investors to live by .	the_a	10172
The loose network of opponents is growing .	A loose network of opponents is growing .	the_a	10173
The delay would also set back a tight schedule of upcoming shuttle launches .	A delay would also set back a tight schedule of upcoming shuttle launches .	the_a	10174
How Many Quarters in the Row Can Earnings Really Grow ?	How Many Quarters in a Row Can Earnings Really Grow ?	the_a	10175
On the porch the decapitated doll head sits amid a pile of debris .	On the porch a decapitated doll head sits amid a pile of debris .	the_a	10176
The eight-ounce pour costs $ 24 .	An eight-ounce pour costs $ 24 .	the_a	10177
The grunt is an old-fashioned American dessert .	A grunt is an old-fashioned American dessert .	the_a	10178
The pattern had emerged .	A pattern had emerged .	the_a	10179
The Army contracting fraud scandal has generated more than 80 criminal investigations .	An Army contracting fraud scandal has generated more than 80 criminal investigations .	the_a	10180
With the series of assassinations , it is becoming wafer-thin .	With a series of assassinations , it is becoming wafer-thin .	the_a	10181
The broken piano stands against the back wall in the club 's lounge .	A broken piano stands against the back wall in the club 's lounge .	the_a	10182
About Hexago The strike would not immediately affect film or prime-time TV production .	About Hexago A strike would not immediately affect film or prime-time TV production .	the_a	10183
The leopard could .	A leopard could .	the_a	10184
The scenario is a vision of a candidate 's path to victory .	A scenario is a vision of a candidate 's path to victory .	the_a	10185
" " The strike deadline is not meant for show .	" " A strike deadline is not meant for show .	the_a	10186
The investigation has now been launched to establish how the disturbance occurred .	An investigation has now been launched to establish how the disturbance occurred .	the_a	10187
- although , in Liechtenstein at the bottom , the plum awaits .	- although , in Liechtenstein at the bottom , a plum awaits .	the_a	10188
Blank for the second , then he shook his head .	Blank for a second , then he shook his head .	the_a	10189
Every year the couple of people brought presents for everyone anyway .	Every year a couple of people brought presents for everyone anyway .	the_a	10190
The group of children found the boy 's naked body on Wednesday .	A group of children found the boy 's naked body on Wednesday .	the_a	10191
Such the implication is grandiose , dangerous and wrong .	Such an implication is grandiose , dangerous and wrong .	the_a	10192
, and the Judiciary Committee member , said in a telephone interview .	, and a Judiciary Committee member , said in a telephone interview .	the_a	10193
The Cerberus spokesman declined to comment .	A Cerberus spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	10194
The first shot earlier than anyone has ever posited gives a plausible answer .	A first shot earlier than anyone has ever posited gives a plausible answer .	the_a	10195
The native of Syria , he also faces deportation as a convicted felon .	A native of Syria , he also faces deportation as a convicted felon .	the_a	10196
The design competition was announced in 1999 .	A design competition was announced in 1999 .	the_a	10197
Once upon the time , I played fantasy football .	Once upon a time , I played fantasy football .	the_a	10198
And of course the backing of the all-powerful deity to make it happen .	And of course the backing of an all-powerful deity to make it happen .	the_a	10199
The lot of people do not have financial resources .	A lot of people do not have financial resources .	the_a	10200
The real education is the only way to provide that .	A real education is the only way to provide that .	the_a	10201
The follow-up feature is promised .	A follow-up feature is promised .	the_a	10202
And the maintenance contract comes with it .	And a maintenance contract comes with it .	the_a	10203
The soldier , the sergeant named Jekabs Kulis , took pity on him .	The soldier , a sergeant named Jekabs Kulis , took pity on him .	the_a	10204
Even the vital , true-life reality show cannot break through .	Even a vital , true-life reality show cannot break through .	the_a	10205
In the case that shocked the small town of West Memphis , Ark .	In a case that shocked the small town of West Memphis , Ark .	the_a	10206
The abundance of risks The risk is not confined to brokers and agents .	An abundance of risks The risk is not confined to brokers and agents .	the_a	10207
My quest for the World Series ring continues .	My quest for a World Series ring continues .	the_a	10208
The lump rose in my throat .	A lump rose in my throat .	the_a	10209
The 6-year-old boy was hungry and decided he would go to Applebees .	A 6-year-old boy was hungry and decided he would go to Applebees .	the_a	10210
The closed , clubby environment has really opened up .	A closed , clubby environment has really opened up .	the_a	10211
The pile of discarded brass and woodwind instruments is to his left .	A pile of discarded brass and woodwind instruments is to his left .	the_a	10212
The regular job was not an option , he said .	A regular job was not an option , he said .	the_a	10213
The necropsy showed the animal more likely died of blunt force trauma .	A necropsy showed the animal more likely died of blunt force trauma .	the_a	10214
Protests and the campaign of civil disobedience begin .	Protests and a campaign of civil disobedience begin .	the_a	10215
So far , only the handful of Republican senators have broken with Bush .	So far , only a handful of Republican senators have broken with Bush .	the_a	10216
Unfortunately , the lot of people realize this .	Unfortunately , a lot of people realize this .	the_a	10217
For the while , though , New Orleans had the upper hand .	For a while , though , New Orleans had the upper hand .	the_a	10218
The meal in these countries often lasts several hours .	A meal in these countries often lasts several hours .	the_a	10219
The photograph graces her foyer wall .	A photograph graces her foyer wall .	the_a	10220
The few years later , the dream came explosively true .	A few years later , the dream came explosively true .	the_a	10221
The 22-year-old woman was raped after she left a party in Renfrewshire .	A 22-year-old woman was raped after she left a party in Renfrewshire .	the_a	10222
The mother died every six days .	A mother died every six days .	the_a	10223
And the cute pair of shoes does not hurt .	And a cute pair of shoes does not hurt .	the_a	10224
The man has died after he lost control of his car in Shropshire .	A man has died after he lost control of his car in Shropshire .	the_a	10225
The lot of them have not been part of a team .	A lot of them have not been part of a team .	the_a	10226
The decision is expected by the middle of next year .	A decision is expected by the middle of next year .	the_a	10227
11 over Hauer 's endorsement of the Democrat to replace the mayor .	11 over Hauer 's endorsement of a Democrat to replace the mayor .	the_a	10228
The Institute for Black Skin Research was established within the department in 1999 .	An Institute for Black Skin Research was established within the department in 1999 .	the_a	10229
" white-wall interrogation of the teenage poet , " the screenplay explains .	" white-wall interrogation of a teenage poet , " the screenplay explains .	the_a	10230
The bloody shoe-print matching Sollecito was found under the duvet .	A bloody shoe-print matching Sollecito was found under the duvet .	the_a	10231
The third student was listed in guarded condition at Strong Memorial Hospital .	A third student was listed in guarded condition at Strong Memorial Hospital .	the_a	10232
The reading below 50 indicates that manufacturing activity is contracting .	A reading below 50 indicates that manufacturing activity is contracting .	the_a	10233
Sales at stores open at least the year rose 3.4 percent .	Sales at stores open at least a year rose 3.4 percent .	the_a	10234
The plate of porridge and a fry-up should see you through to tea-time .	A plate of porridge and a fry-up should see you through to tea-time .	the_a	10235
Whether the gap between patients and doctors exists was not examined .	Whether a gap between patients and doctors exists was not examined .	the_a	10236
The 36-year-old man is still being held .	A 36-year-old man is still being held .	the_a	10237
Many the student use coffee to gain extra study hours .	Many a student use coffee to gain extra study hours .	the_a	10238
The lawyer for McNamee did not immediately return a telephone message .	A lawyer for McNamee did not immediately return a telephone message .	the_a	10239
The spokesman for the Libyan government in London declined to comment .	A spokesman for the Libyan government in London declined to comment .	the_a	10240
The " handful " of employers have canceled their accounts , Iannuzzi said .	A " handful " of employers have canceled their accounts , Iannuzzi said .	the_a	10241
The Texas court of appeals affirmed the trial court decision .	A Texas court of appeals affirmed the trial court decision .	the_a	10242
The hardcore audience ( the second-smallest on record ) saw it happen .	A hardcore audience ( the second-smallest on record ) saw it happen .	the_a	10243
The collapse in house prices therefore seems unlikely in China .	A collapse in house prices therefore seems unlikely in China .	the_a	10244
The good example is seen in the bold flare of the fenders .	A good example is seen in the bold flare of the fenders .	the_a	10245
The homemade kitchen creation can be both inexpensive and delicious .	A homemade kitchen creation can be both inexpensive and delicious .	the_a	10246
The man in a chef 's apron appeared .	A man in a chef 's apron appeared .	the_a	10247
... And what the try it was .	... And what a try it was .	the_a	10248
The well chosen soundtrack can help the lonely jogger to stay the distance .	A well chosen soundtrack can help the lonely jogger to stay the distance .	the_a	10249
The alternate proposal would involve a more traditional fare increase .	An alternate proposal would involve a more traditional fare increase .	the_a	10250
The judge has agreed to freeze the jackpot until the matter is resolved .	A judge has agreed to freeze the jackpot until the matter is resolved .	the_a	10251
Washington , the former oil company lawyer , seemed anguished .	Washington , a former oil company lawyer , seemed anguished .	the_a	10252
In one , the palm grove that once looked carefully tended appears overgrown .	In one , a palm grove that once looked carefully tended appears overgrown .	the_a	10253
After the lengthy duel , Kashee is temporarily subdued .	After a lengthy duel , Kashee is temporarily subdued .	the_a	10254
The text was provided via E-mail .	A text was provided via E-mail .	the_a	10255
The 16-year-old youth has been remanded in custody charged with his murder .	A 16-year-old youth has been remanded in custody charged with his murder .	the_a	10256
The mascot is only effective if you know what he stands for .	A mascot is only effective if you know what he stands for .	the_a	10257
The housing spokesman said the minister was considering his response .	A housing spokesman said the minister was considering his response .	the_a	10258
The room with a balcony is 250 euros .	A room with a balcony is 250 euros .	the_a	10259
GRANT BURGE , the Australian winemaker , is no fan of screw caps .	GRANT BURGE , an Australian winemaker , is no fan of screw caps .	the_a	10260
Within the few days I realised that something had happened for me .	Within a few days I realised that something had happened for me .	the_a	10261
The total of 22 communities remain inaccessible due to floods and subsequent landslides .	A total of 22 communities remain inaccessible due to floods and subsequent landslides .	the_a	10262
The legendary facility and the team that excelled in it have gone south .	A legendary facility and the team that excelled in it have gone south .	the_a	10263
In all , the estimated 425 square miles has been scorched .	In all , an estimated 425 square miles has been scorched .	the_a	10264
But the strong current on Tuesday kept Rinaldi from completing his mission .	But a strong current on Tuesday kept Rinaldi from completing his mission .	the_a	10265
How big the slice will biofuels take from the transportation market ?	How big a slice will biofuels take from the transportation market ?	the_a	10266
The month later , a 10-year-old boy died from exposure to the amoeba .	A month later , a 10-year-old boy died from exposure to the amoeba .	the_a	10267
The Venezuelan man has seemingly come back from the dead .	A Venezuelan man has seemingly come back from the dead .	the_a	10268
The rapid settlement would jump-start the entertainment industry .	A rapid settlement would jump-start the entertainment industry .	the_a	10269
The text of his address was distributed by the SEC in Washington .	A text of his address was distributed by the SEC in Washington .	the_a	10270
The BGS spokesman said the equivalent magnitude was 2.5 on the Richter scale .	A BGS spokesman said the equivalent magnitude was 2.5 on the Richter scale .	the_a	10271
The new version of the show had its debut last month .	A new version of the show had its debut last month .	the_a	10272
The successful frontrunner 's campaign is about blurring those differences .	A successful frontrunner 's campaign is about blurring those differences .	the_a	10273
Today , the iPod can store 40,000 songs .	Today , an iPod can store 40,000 songs .	the_a	10274
In the entire class of entry-level diplomats was sent to Vietnam .	In an entire class of entry-level diplomats was sent to Vietnam .	the_a	10275
Pet Care , the franchise that provides pet care benefits to businesses .	Pet Care , a franchise that provides pet care benefits to businesses .	the_a	10276
The Earnhardt started from the pole .	An Earnhardt started from the pole .	the_a	10277
: The third chapter begins .	: A third chapter begins .	the_a	10278
The total of four Marines were originally charged with murder .	A total of four Marines were originally charged with murder .	the_a	10279
10 , 2001 , for the year abroad to study Arabic .	10 , 2001 , for a year abroad to study Arabic .	the_a	10280
The half-dozen violins and violas dangle from wires above his workbench .	A half-dozen violins and violas dangle from wires above his workbench .	the_a	10281
The rubber turtle hangs from the rearview mirror .	A rubber turtle hangs from the rearview mirror .	the_a	10282
The ambulance crew took the girl to St Georges Hospital in Tooting .	An ambulance crew took the girl to St Georges Hospital in Tooting .	the_a	10283
" " Today the couple flattened out .	" " Today a couple flattened out .	the_a	10284
The man arrested following the incident has been bailed pending further inquires .	A man arrested following the incident has been bailed pending further inquires .	the_a	10285
The mom with a blog can attract more readers than a best-selling author .	A mom with a blog can attract more readers than a best-selling author .	the_a	10286
The single by Jorge Posada drove in two .	A single by Jorge Posada drove in two .	the_a	10287
The Ukrainian-built Antonov 26 similar to the one that crashed in Kinshasa .	A Ukrainian-built Antonov 26 similar to the one that crashed in Kinshasa .	the_a	10288
Gallardo , the rookie , is not brand new .	Gallardo , a rookie , is not brand new .	the_a	10289
The narrow quorum duly turned up .	A narrow quorum duly turned up .	the_a	10290
The successful man can channel his natural aggression .	A successful man can channel his natural aggression .	the_a	10291
The locally owned spa may also come .	A locally owned spa may also come .	the_a	10292
Only the mobile signature-enabled SIM card is necessary .	Only a mobile signature-enabled SIM card is necessary .	the_a	10293
The spokeswoman for Mr. Giuliani declined to comment .	A spokeswoman for Mr. Giuliani declined to comment .	the_a	10294
Passage of the federal shield law would be a major achievement .	Passage of a federal shield law would be a major achievement .	the_a	10295
In the statement , the campaign also pointedly takes on Obama and Edwards .	In a statement , the campaign also pointedly takes on Obama and Edwards .	the_a	10296
The wildfire investigator has to rule out natural causes .	A wildfire investigator has to rule out natural causes .	the_a	10297
Some Democrats and more than the few Republicans hope that Bush will soften .	Some Democrats and more than a few Republicans hope that Bush will soften .	the_a	10298
Just the lot of mental mistakes that I think came out of frustration .	Just a lot of mental mistakes that I think came out of frustration .	the_a	10299
The last Trabant , the candy pink model , was produced in 1991 .	The last Trabant , a candy pink model , was produced in 1991 .	the_a	10300
1953 - Becomes the republic within the Commonwealth as the sultanate is abolished .	1953 - Becomes a republic within the Commonwealth as the sultanate is abolished .	the_a	10301
With the populist , pro-democracy message , he rose to power in 1971 .	With a populist , pro-democracy message , he rose to power in 1971 .	the_a	10302
The unintentional whinny of welcome emanates from an unseen source .	An unintentional whinny of welcome emanates from an unseen source .	the_a	10303
The emergency operations center at Virginia Tech could have improved communications .	An emergency operations center at Virginia Tech could have improved communications .	the_a	10304
Such the prospect makes the Champions Tour look like essential estate planning .	Such a prospect makes the Champions Tour look like essential estate planning .	the_a	10305
Only the real court can do that .	Only a real court can do that .	the_a	10306
Viacom Chief 's Remark on Spielberg Stirs the Furor They are held up .	Viacom Chief 's Remark on Spielberg Stirs a Furor They are held up .	the_a	10307
The barrel of oil jumped $ 1.65 to $ 95.14 .	A barrel of oil jumped $ 1.65 to $ 95.14 .	the_a	10308
The forensic dentist estimated her age to be between 2 and 3 .	A forensic dentist estimated her age to be between 2 and 3 .	the_a	10309
The Hollywood magazine publisher spots a lovely teen at a cafe .	A Hollywood magazine publisher spots a lovely teen at a cafe .	the_a	10310
The Mars expedition will be launched after 2035 .	A Mars expedition will be launched after 2035 .	the_a	10311
The last gasp passing attempt by Grothe was intercepted by Zaire Kitchen .	A last gasp passing attempt by Grothe was intercepted by Zaire Kitchen .	the_a	10312
In the lab were two dummies , each the size of a 6-month-old .	In a lab were two dummies , each the size of a 6-month-old .	the_a	10313
The measure will cost you a small fortune .	A measure will cost you a small fortune .	the_a	10314
The dogfighting scandal dogs an NFL star .	A dogfighting scandal dogs an NFL star .	the_a	10315
The Consider something from the late 1980s or early 1990s .	A Consider something from the late 1980s or early 1990s .	the_a	10316
The spokesman insisted pupils were already allowed to do this .	A spokesman insisted pupils were already allowed to do this .	the_a	10317
... The 14-year-old boy has been attacked and robbed in a Lincolnshire village .	... A 14-year-old boy has been attacked and robbed in a Lincolnshire village .	the_a	10318
The 61-year-old passenger is described as stable in hospital .	A 61-year-old passenger is described as stable in hospital .	the_a	10319
The open neck beautifully frames the face .	An open neck beautifully frames the face .	the_a	10320
PERSONAL SPACES : The master bedroom has an ensuite dressing room and bath .	PERSONAL SPACES : A master bedroom has an ensuite dressing room and bath .	the_a	10321
In the ideal world , you 'd plant your bulbs immediately after purchase .	In an ideal world , you 'd plant your bulbs immediately after purchase .	the_a	10322
The court decision could soon affect quite a few New England season-ticket holders .	A court decision could soon affect quite a few New England season-ticket holders .	the_a	10323
The webcast of Dr. Kurtz 's presentation will be available live .	A webcast of Dr. Kurtz 's presentation will be available live .	the_a	10324
The traffic stop in Texas yielded about two dozen embalmed heads .	A traffic stop in Texas yielded about two dozen embalmed heads .	the_a	10325
Dodd , the 25-year Senate veteran from Connecticut , desperately needs their help .	Dodd , a 25-year Senate veteran from Connecticut , desperately needs their help .	the_a	10326
The police official said 28 people were also wounded .	A police official said 28 people were also wounded .	the_a	10327
The second staff member , who also requested anonymity , confirmed the killing .	A second staff member , who also requested anonymity , confirmed the killing .	the_a	10328
After the struggle , the officer was able to drag him to safety .	After a struggle , the officer was able to drag him to safety .	the_a	10329
The similar package was vetoed last year because of implementation concerns .	A similar package was vetoed last year because of implementation concerns .	the_a	10330
The day earlier , Thomas 's dissatisfaction with Marbury was clear .	A day earlier , Thomas 's dissatisfaction with Marbury was clear .	the_a	10331
The section on foreign policy covers the Iraq war , Sudan and Uganda .	A section on foreign policy covers the Iraq war , Sudan and Uganda .	the_a	10332
The hospital operator said the hospital does not release patient information .	A hospital operator said the hospital does not release patient information .	the_a	10333
The spokeswoman in the Carlyle Group 's London office declined comment .	A spokeswoman in the Carlyle Group 's London office declined comment .	the_a	10334
The air weapon was recovered from the scene .	An air weapon was recovered from the scene .	the_a	10335
The key unknown is whether security will hold after US troops leave .	A key unknown is whether security will hold after US troops leave .	the_a	10336
And of course the formula must be found to share or divide Baghdad .	And of course a formula must be found to share or divide Baghdad .	the_a	10337
The ruling was handed down Friday .	A ruling was handed down Friday .	the_a	10338
The few minutes later paramedics confirmed he was already dead .	A few minutes later paramedics confirmed he was already dead .	the_a	10339
War Through the Photographer 's Lens Never heard of it ?	War Through a Photographer 's Lens Never heard of it ?	the_a	10340
The harvest moon was faintly visible in the west .	A harvest moon was faintly visible in the west .	the_a	10341
The Made-for-TV Boss Helps Revive ABC The American people are there .	A Made-for-TV Boss Helps Revive ABC The American people are there .	the_a	10342
Two charges of coercion , the felony , will be dropped .	Two charges of coercion , a felony , will be dropped .	the_a	10343
The deal was announced hours later and the curtains went up that night .	A deal was announced hours later and the curtains went up that night .	the_a	10344
The hearing is set for Oct. 22 in a similar case in California .	A hearing is set for Oct. 22 in a similar case in California .	the_a	10345
Soon the pale , sneakered leg emerged from the churning water .	Soon a pale , sneakered leg emerged from the churning water .	the_a	10346
The Romney campaign spokesman said the McCains made a mistake .	A Romney campaign spokesman said the McCains made a mistake .	the_a	10347
- The number of celebrities have been injured in quad bike accidents .	- A number of celebrities have been injured in quad bike accidents .	the_a	10348
Half the dozen cars were badly damaged .	Half a dozen cars were badly damaged .	the_a	10349
The horrible situation has been uncovered and driven out .	A horrible situation has been uncovered and driven out .	the_a	10350
Only the tiny minority can fulfil expectations .	Only a tiny minority can fulfil expectations .	the_a	10351
The inquest into Mr McCarthy 's death will take place on 30 November .	An inquest into Mr McCarthy 's death will take place on 30 November .	the_a	10352
The Mr. Kenneth Burr discovered his Boston Whaler missing from the dock today .	A Mr. Kenneth Burr discovered his Boston Whaler missing from the dock today .	the_a	10353
Most of the signs and symbols of the proto-nation have been deleted .	Most of the signs and symbols of a proto-nation have been deleted .	the_a	10354
Sales at stores open at least the year fell 0.8 percent .	Sales at stores open at least a year fell 0.8 percent .	the_a	10355
The lawsuit was never filed in connection with the incident .	A lawsuit was never filed in connection with the incident .	the_a	10356
Its installation in the new location will be completed during subsequent walks .	Its installation in a new location will be completed during subsequent walks .	the_a	10357
The prayer is unlikely .	A prayer is unlikely .	the_a	10358
Within the year , he had published his first collection .	Within a year , he had published his first collection .	the_a	10359
For the while we just sat there on rocks looking at each other .	For a while we just sat there on rocks looking at each other .	the_a	10360
The copy of the remarks was obtained in advance by The Associated Press .	A copy of the remarks was obtained in advance by The Associated Press .	the_a	10361
The undisclosed American collector bought the work .	An undisclosed American collector bought the work .	the_a	10362
Men with the deep voices have more offspring , a new study suggests .	Men with a deep voices have more offspring , a new study suggests .	the_a	10363
Even the healthy Manny probably was not going to make any difference .	Even a healthy Manny probably was not going to make any difference .	the_a	10364
The newcomer to New York might well wonder what is going on here .	A newcomer to New York might well wonder what is going on here .	the_a	10365
The teammate gathered Kelly 's gear and walked her home .	A teammate gathered Kelly 's gear and walked her home .	the_a	10366
Dave Mueller , the Yankees fan , said on a recent Saturday .	Dave Mueller , a Yankees fan , said on a recent Saturday .	the_a	10367
The Eisner representative declined to comment ahead of the vote .	An Eisner representative declined to comment ahead of the vote .	the_a	10368
For the romantic evening it has to be the Witchery in Edinburgh .	For a romantic evening it has to be the Witchery in Edinburgh .	the_a	10369
The full report will be sent to the procurator fiscal .	A full report will be sent to the procurator fiscal .	the_a	10370
_ No radio transmissions or maydays about the hijacking came from the boat .	_ No radio transmissions or maydays about a hijacking came from the boat .	the_a	10371
The two-night stay is required in season .	A two-night stay is required in season .	the_a	10372
The afternoon autopsy was planned , but results were not expected for days .	An afternoon autopsy was planned , but results were not expected for days .	the_a	10373
The German TV correspondent reported a different experience .	A German TV correspondent reported a different experience .	the_a	10374
The famed detective reaches the end He certainly earned his side three points .	A famed detective reaches the end He certainly earned his side three points .	the_a	10375
Across Highway 68 , the rail bed will become a bicycle trail .	Across Highway 68 , a rail bed will become a bicycle trail .	the_a	10376
The country called New York City .	A country called New York City .	the_a	10377
, the bureau spokeswoman said last night .	, a bureau spokeswoman said last night .	the_a	10378
Varied Home Markets Now Share the Slump He does not brag about himself .	Varied Home Markets Now Share a Slump He does not brag about himself .	the_a	10379
The champagne cork is highly compressed .	A champagne cork is highly compressed .	the_a	10380
The three-judge panel was to present sentences later Friday .	A three-judge panel was to present sentences later Friday .	the_a	10381
The private autopsy conducted for Gotbaum 's family has not been completed .	A private autopsy conducted for Gotbaum 's family has not been completed .	the_a	10382
The number are under police guard because of their stand .	A number are under police guard because of their stand .	the_a	10383
The welcome has not been invented yet that he could not wear out .	A welcome has not been invented yet that he could not wear out .	the_a	10384
But the lot of the times , the bottom line still wins .	But a lot of the times , the bottom line still wins .	the_a	10385
But the trip to a Buffalo hospital revealed no serious injuries .	But a trip to a Buffalo hospital revealed no serious injuries .	the_a	10386
The landslide devours the pavement in an upscale La Jolla neighborhood Wednesday .	A landslide devours the pavement in an upscale La Jolla neighborhood Wednesday .	the_a	10387
The limited menu is served between 4 and 5 p.m. , daily .	A limited menu is served between 4 and 5 p.m. , daily .	the_a	10388
Despite all this , the dollar rout remains unlikely .	Despite all this , a dollar rout remains unlikely .	the_a	10389
The bad self always wants to control , give orders .	A bad self always wants to control , give orders .	the_a	10390
The all- new episode will premiere following the marathon .	An all- new episode will premiere following the marathon .	the_a	10391
This longing for the idealistic time permeates the main newsroom .	This longing for an idealistic time permeates the main newsroom .	the_a	10392
But the higher court disagreed and told the judge to hold a trial .	But a higher court disagreed and told the judge to hold a trial .	the_a	10393
The Exorcise Routine Linehan had no visible reaction the verdict was read .	An Exorcise Routine Linehan had no visible reaction the verdict was read .	the_a	10394
The strange scene underscored the game 's magnitude early this week .	A strange scene underscored the game 's magnitude early this week .	the_a	10395
The 39-year-old man from Harlow has been released from hospital .	A 39-year-old man from Harlow has been released from hospital .	the_a	10396
Earlier this year the £ 1.2m price tag was put on the project .	Earlier this year a £ 1.2m price tag was put on the project .	the_a	10397
The entire universe lies off screen .	An entire universe lies off screen .	the_a	10398
The Blackwater spokeswoman did not return telephone and e-mail messages seeking comment .	A Blackwater spokeswoman did not return telephone and e-mail messages seeking comment .	the_a	10399
For the long time post-mortem examinations were banned by the religious establishment .	For a long time post-mortem examinations were banned by the religious establishment .	the_a	10400
The friend 's 14-year-old daughter loves him , as does her grandmother .	A friend 's 14-year-old daughter loves him , as does her grandmother .	the_a	10401
The young woman complained of stomach and chest pain .	A young woman complained of stomach and chest pain .	the_a	10402
The Humberside Police spokesman said officers were investigating whether the death was suspicious .	A Humberside Police spokesman said officers were investigating whether the death was suspicious .	the_a	10403
The company spokesman declined to elaborate on the statement .	A company spokesman declined to elaborate on the statement .	the_a	10404
After the intentional walk , Betancourt lined a single into center .	After an intentional walk , Betancourt lined a single into center .	the_a	10405
The investigation has begun .	An investigation has begun .	the_a	10406
The UAW spokesman could not be immediately reached .	A UAW spokesman could not be immediately reached .	the_a	10407
The confluence of factors has created a more favorable environment for developers .	A confluence of factors has created a more favorable environment for developers .	the_a	10408
Chances for the quick compromise with the White House looked slim .	Chances for a quick compromise with the White House looked slim .	the_a	10409
The silk web can be stronger than steel .	A silk web can be stronger than steel .	the_a	10410
Time for the Bend it like Ronaldo film ?	Time for a Bend it like Ronaldo film ?	the_a	10411
The long position is a bet prices will climb .	A long position is a bet prices will climb .	the_a	10412
The BlackRock spokesman could not be reached for comment .	A BlackRock spokesman could not be reached for comment .	the_a	10413
The Thomson guide , meanwhile , earns about $ 35 a day .	A Thomson guide , meanwhile , earns about $ 35 a day .	the_a	10414
The decision on whether to suspend Bradley is pending .	A decision on whether to suspend Bradley is pending .	the_a	10415
" The refreshing change , " Schumer pronounced .	" A refreshing change , " Schumer pronounced .	the_a	10416
The spokeswoman for Mr. Peres did not return calls for comment .	A spokeswoman for Mr. Peres did not return calls for comment .	the_a	10417
The viral heart infection called cardiomyopathy is to blame , People magazine reports .	A viral heart infection called cardiomyopathy is to blame , People magazine reports .	the_a	10418
Alexander H. Gardner , the lawyer for Mr. Brown , declined to comment .	Alexander H. Gardner , a lawyer for Mr. Brown , declined to comment .	the_a	10419
The telephone message left at Dyson 's home was not immediately returned Sunday .	A telephone message left at Dyson 's home was not immediately returned Sunday .	the_a	10420
The assistant to one of the producers got on the phone .	An assistant to one of the producers got on the phone .	the_a	10421
The British brother and sister lost both their parents .	A British brother and sister lost both their parents .	the_a	10422
The unidentified woman has made serious allegations against David Copperfield .	An unidentified woman has made serious allegations against David Copperfield .	the_a	10423
Yet the larger eclipse is feared .	Yet a larger eclipse is feared .	the_a	10424
The number of residents living close to the stadium had opposed the plans .	A number of residents living close to the stadium had opposed the plans .	the_a	10425
The petition on the Downing Street website already has hundreds of names .	A petition on the Downing Street website already has hundreds of names .	the_a	10426
B : The infusion from its roots is thought to have aphrodisiac qualities .	B : An infusion from its roots is thought to have aphrodisiac qualities .	the_a	10427
The modicum of common sense could have straightened all this out .	A modicum of common sense could have straightened all this out .	the_a	10428
In 2004 , the Michigan jury awarded MTH $ 38.6 million in damages .	In 2004 , a Michigan jury awarded MTH $ 38.6 million in damages .	the_a	10429
The army of workers rebuilds a cement plant once strewn with dead bodies .	An army of workers rebuilds a cement plant once strewn with dead bodies .	the_a	10430
Talk of the " supercycle " is in the air .	Talk of a " supercycle " is in the air .	the_a	10431
2007 May - The bomb blast in a hotel in Peshawar kills 24 .	2007 May - A bomb blast in a hotel in Peshawar kills 24 .	the_a	10432
The school can rightly view as disruptive the menu approach to public school .	A school can rightly view as disruptive the menu approach to public school .	the_a	10433
The helicopter whisked Benson to a hospital as the game continued .	A helicopter whisked Benson to a hospital as the game continued .	the_a	10434
The campaign against logging the island 's forests has struck a nerve .	A campaign against logging the island 's forests has struck a nerve .	the_a	10435
In the " you-got-peanut-butter-in-my-chocolate " moment , Microsoft has combined the two .	In a " you-got-peanut-butter-in-my-chocolate " moment , Microsoft has combined the two .	the_a	10436
Merchandising and the travel agency are also part of the business mix .	Merchandising and a travel agency are also part of the business mix .	the_a	10437
" The great race ; a close race , " Zwiesler said .	" A great race ; a close race , " Zwiesler said .	the_a	10438
One more for Butt with the scampered single and he retains the strike .	One more for Butt with a scampered single and he retains the strike .	the_a	10439
The preliminary hearing was set for Oct. 10 .	A preliminary hearing was set for Oct. 10 .	the_a	10440
The dumper truck called TerraMax was the largest vehicle in the race .	A dumper truck called TerraMax was the largest vehicle in the race .	the_a	10441
The local town hall and several blocks of flats were evacuated .	A local town hall and several blocks of flats were evacuated .	the_a	10442
The replay of the webcast will be available for 30 days .	A replay of the webcast will be available for 30 days .	the_a	10443
The mischievous grin crossed his face .	A mischievous grin crossed his face .	the_a	10444
The more succinct rule of thumb might be - be yourself .	A more succinct rule of thumb might be - be yourself .	the_a	10445
The adult jacket costs $ 700 .	An adult jacket costs $ 700 .	the_a	10446
The native of China , she was incredibly gifted .	A native of China , she was incredibly gifted .	the_a	10447
The few moments thought would have shown this to be wrong .	A few moments thought would have shown this to be wrong .	the_a	10448
After the long negotiation , we wound up getting it as a donation .	After a long negotiation , we wound up getting it as a donation .	the_a	10449
The possibility of the long standoff seems very real .	The possibility of a long standoff seems very real .	the_a	10450
For more than the week she hovered near death .	For more than a week she hovered near death .	the_a	10451
With such the demanding training regime , who can blame him ?	With such a demanding training regime , who can blame him ?	the_a	10452
The total of £ 30,503 was paid into John Gilbert 's bank account .	A total of £ 30,503 was paid into John Gilbert 's bank account .	the_a	10453
The group of stagehands went on strike in what famous theater district ?	A group of stagehands went on strike in what famous theater district ?	the_a	10454
The separate briefing was also presented Thursday to the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission .	A separate briefing was also presented Thursday to the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission .	the_a	10455
The three-month consultation on the proposals is to begin immediately .	A three-month consultation on the proposals is to begin immediately .	the_a	10456
Over the third of the amount will be spent on costumes .	Over a third of the amount will be spent on costumes .	the_a	10457
And activism , the accident or terrorist attack could stoke public opposition .	And activism , an accident or terrorist attack could stoke public opposition .	the_a	10458
But the double bomb attack on her procession left 139 people dead .	But a double bomb attack on her procession left 139 people dead .	the_a	10459
The lot of these beefs are drug-related .	A lot of these beefs are drug-related .	the_a	10460
It just all of the sudden was here poof !	It just all of a sudden was here poof !	the_a	10461
The investigation into the cause is under way .	An investigation into the cause is under way .	the_a	10462
The lot of it is cultural .	A lot of it is cultural .	the_a	10463
29 but the few had returned to search for food and water .	29 but a few had returned to search for food and water .	the_a	10464
BAGHDAD ( AP ) - The military panel finds U.S. Army Spc .	BAGHDAD ( AP ) - A military panel finds U.S. Army Spc .	the_a	10465
The excitement money cannot buy and for which words cannot do justice .	An excitement money cannot buy and for which words cannot do justice .	the_a	10466
On the screen behind Coon was a photograph of a rusted bucket .	On a screen behind Coon was a photograph of a rusted bucket .	the_a	10467
The historic proportion of late-season collapses and surges , that is how .	A historic proportion of late-season collapses and surges , that is how .	the_a	10468
The gust of wind could blow a lit ember into their faces .	A gust of wind could blow a lit ember into their faces .	the_a	10469
The Edwards spokeswoman said the criticism was not fair .	An Edwards spokeswoman said the criticism was not fair .	the_a	10470
The version with the V-6 and all-wheel drive starts at $ 45,275 .	A version with the V-6 and all-wheel drive starts at $ 45,275 .	the_a	10471
The similar story may be unfolding in China .	A similar story may be unfolding in China .	the_a	10472
Even the tiny bit of fiber can cause disease .	Even a tiny bit of fiber can cause disease .	the_a	10473
The neighbor finally warned him to flee .	A neighbor finally warned him to flee .	the_a	10474
The shame he did not embrace it more often .	A shame he did not embrace it more often .	the_a	10475
" The one-hitter and another good outing helped , " Minaya said .	" A one-hitter and another good outing helped , " Minaya said .	the_a	10476
The Sussex man was arrested on Friday .	A Sussex man was arrested on Friday .	the_a	10477
The fellowship took her to Madison , Wis .	A fellowship took her to Madison , Wis .	the_a	10478
On the frigid Friday , it feels astoundingly peaceful .	On a frigid Friday , it feels astoundingly peaceful .	the_a	10479
U.S. bankruptcy trustee , the court official who oversees bankruptcy cases .	U.S. bankruptcy trustee , a court official who oversees bankruptcy cases .	the_a	10480
The replacement for him has not yet been announced .	A replacement for him has not yet been announced .	the_a	10481
The formal inquest into her death opens later this year .	A formal inquest into her death opens later this year .	the_a	10482
The leading charity has backed a plan for electronic tagging of dementia sufferers .	A leading charity has backed a plan for electronic tagging of dementia sufferers .	the_a	10483
The MySpace spokesperson told WCBS the problem has been corrected .	A MySpace spokesperson told WCBS the problem has been corrected .	the_a	10484
The overwhelming majority signed union authorization cards calling for an election .	An overwhelming majority signed union authorization cards calling for an election .	the_a	10485
The kidnap victim was rescued and a fourth suspect killed during that incident .	A kidnap victim was rescued and a fourth suspect killed during that incident .	the_a	10486
The child 's tantrums can grow into adult violence .	A child 's tantrums can grow into adult violence .	the_a	10487
The protectionist agenda would hurt them .	A protectionist agenda would hurt them .	the_a	10488
The intelligent Conservative leadership would recognise this opportunity and frame its programme accordingly .	An intelligent Conservative leadership would recognise this opportunity and frame its programme accordingly .	the_a	10489
Main Street Turns the Corner New Zealand fugitive traveled to Calif .	Main Street Turns a Corner New Zealand fugitive traveled to Calif .	the_a	10490
Ken Frydman , the spokesman for Mr. Greenberg , declined to comment .	Ken Frydman , a spokesman for Mr. Greenberg , declined to comment .	the_a	10491
The young man in a dark suit walks over to Gravel .	A young man in a dark suit walks over to Gravel .	the_a	10492
But even here the degree of humility is in order .	But even here a degree of humility is in order .	the_a	10493
The fireman jumped into the black water below to retrieve a comatose Fleming .	A fireman jumped into the black water below to retrieve a comatose Fleming .	the_a	10494
The seller shouldn 't give permission without a good reason .	A seller shouldn 't give permission without a good reason .	the_a	10495
... The early break was enough for Gonzalez to win the first set .	... An early break was enough for Gonzalez to win the first set .	the_a	10496
The two-thirds majority is needed to override a veto .	A two-thirds majority is needed to override a veto .	the_a	10497
The bill in Illinois failed to clear a legislative committee in March .	A bill in Illinois failed to clear a legislative committee in March .	the_a	10498
Two days earlier , the squad of Iraqi police entered the market .	Two days earlier , a squad of Iraqi police entered the market .	the_a	10499
Like the lot of folks , she sat this show out .	Like a lot of folks , she sat this show out .	the_a	10500
The lodge at the parking area sells drinks , snacks and hot soup .	A lodge at the parking area sells drinks , snacks and hot soup .	the_a	10501
The additional 268 last names are common to 10,000 or more people .	An additional 268 last names are common to 10,000 or more people .	the_a	10502
The earlier start translates into many more years of sales .	An earlier start translates into many more years of sales .	the_a	10503
The telephone message was left Thursday for his attorney .	A telephone message was left Thursday for his attorney .	the_a	10504
" The lot more is expected of me , " Sewell said .	" A lot more is expected of me , " Sewell said .	the_a	10505
The average salary for the CBP officer in field operations is $ 58,530 .	The average salary for a CBP officer in field operations is $ 58,530 .	the_a	10506
The proper integrated force with real power to protect our borders .	A proper integrated force with real power to protect our borders .	the_a	10507
The major speech on that issue will come later in the month .	A major speech on that issue will come later in the month .	the_a	10508
11 , the waiter noticed that Mr. Danielpour had stopped eating .	11 , a waiter noticed that Mr. Danielpour had stopped eating .	the_a	10509
The speaker of four languages he likes words .	A speaker of four languages he likes words .	the_a	10510
The announcement is expected within a few weeks .	An announcement is expected within a few weeks .	the_a	10511
The 35-minute gun fight erupted just after midnight , he said .	A 35-minute gun fight erupted just after midnight , he said .	the_a	10512
The critical appraisal of Peterson 's work conveyed how deep his talents ran .	A critical appraisal of Peterson 's work conveyed how deep his talents ran .	the_a	10513
Two Chefs on the Roll is also making leasehold improvements and purchasing equipment .	Two Chefs on a Roll is also making leasehold improvements and purchasing equipment .	the_a	10514
The falling US dollar has helped support the record-high prices .	A falling US dollar has helped support the record-high prices .	the_a	10515
What the worldly bunch we are -- and so unfriendly .	What a worldly bunch we are -- and so unfriendly .	the_a	10516
At the gate , the color poster of Ho Chi Minh greets us .	At the gate , a color poster of Ho Chi Minh greets us .	the_a	10517
The walk is something almost everyone can participate in .	A walk is something almost everyone can participate in .	the_a	10518
The Hemingway cat got burned .	A Hemingway cat got burned .	the_a	10519
The plan touch-up every year or two should be much cheaper .	A plan touch-up every year or two should be much cheaper .	the_a	10520
The MySpace spokeswoman said she would look into the matter .	A MySpace spokeswoman said she would look into the matter .	the_a	10521
One benefit of the horse versus a dog is a longer life span .	One benefit of a horse versus a dog is a longer life span .	the_a	10522
The minute later , O 'Reilly knocked in a rebound from close in .	A minute later , O 'Reilly knocked in a rebound from close in .	the_a	10523
The quarter-mile to the west , the contrast was stark .	A quarter-mile to the west , the contrast was stark .	the_a	10524
For the final test I tackled the Mound - several times .	For a final test I tackled the Mound - several times .	the_a	10525
The preliminary hearing was set for Dec. 19 .	A preliminary hearing was set for Dec. 19 .	the_a	10526
The 60-day public comment period to address local concerns will now begin .	A 60-day public comment period to address local concerns will now begin .	the_a	10527
The third competition is planned for 2008 .	A third competition is planned for 2008 .	the_a	10528
The kiss is just a kiss - except when it is not .	A kiss is just a kiss - except when it is not .	the_a	10529
The judge refused this month to block implementation of the guidelines .	A judge refused this month to block implementation of the guidelines .	the_a	10530
The extension to the terminal and car park is planned .	An extension to the terminal and car park is planned .	the_a	10531
The concierge will arrange services including in-room massages , dog walking and housekeeping .	A concierge will arrange services including in-room massages , dog walking and housekeeping .	the_a	10532
THE son of the pub landlord yesterday admitted stabbing his sleeping father .	THE son of a pub landlord yesterday admitted stabbing his sleeping father .	the_a	10533
Without the market , where did those numbers come from ?	Without a market , where did those numbers come from ?	the_a	10534
The further two kilos of the Class A drug were then discovered .	A further two kilos of the Class A drug were then discovered .	the_a	10535
For the prospectus , please call the advisor at 888-711-AUER ( 2837 ) .	For a prospectus , please call the advisor at 888-711-AUER ( 2837 ) .	the_a	10536
The freeze - nothing added to the present rate next year .	A freeze - nothing added to the present rate next year .	the_a	10537
But the Oshkosh truck finished the 2005 desert race with flying colors .	But an Oshkosh truck finished the 2005 desert race with flying colors .	the_a	10538
Just the request to use the bathroom involved an escort .	Just a request to use the bathroom involved an escort .	the_a	10539
Yet behind such the facade is complexity .	Yet behind such a facade is complexity .	the_a	10540
The entire hallway was filled with hundreds of letters .	An entire hallway was filled with hundreds of letters .	the_a	10541
The demands of the reality television production add to pressure .	The demands of a reality television production add to pressure .	the_a	10542
Then the census must be taken to decide eligible voters .	Then a census must be taken to decide eligible voters .	the_a	10543
Joseph Mason , the finance professor at Drexel University , sees bigger problems .	Joseph Mason , a finance professor at Drexel University , sees bigger problems .	the_a	10544
The third man has been charged over the supply of drugs in Cumbria .	A third man has been charged over the supply of drugs in Cumbria .	the_a	10545
The total of 269,000 home loans were approved - including those for remortgaging .	A total of 269,000 home loans were approved - including those for remortgaging .	the_a	10546
The regional official said as many as 100 people were feared dead .	A regional official said as many as 100 people were feared dead .	the_a	10547
The red car on black paper could be striking .	A red car on black paper could be striking .	the_a	10548
VAUSE : The allegation China 's Africa envoy did not deny .	VAUSE : An allegation China 's Africa envoy did not deny .	the_a	10549
The further 158 babies are lost through miscarriage in that space of time .	A further 158 babies are lost through miscarriage in that space of time .	the_a	10550
But the veterinarian said the reverse happened at his clinic last week .	But a veterinarian said the reverse happened at his clinic last week .	the_a	10551
After the few years , they welcomed a son .	After a few years , they welcomed a son .	the_a	10552
Earlier on Monday the top EU official expressed similar concerns .	Earlier on Monday a top EU official expressed similar concerns .	the_a	10553
White , the Democrat , could run for governor in 2010 .	White , a Democrat , could run for governor in 2010 .	the_a	10554
The editorial accompanies the study in today 's edition of the journal Neurology .	An editorial accompanies the study in today 's edition of the journal Neurology .	the_a	10555
The third man was later admitted , also having sustained gunshot wounds .	A third man was later admitted , also having sustained gunshot wounds .	the_a	10556
The vote is expected in the committee on November 6 .	A vote is expected in the committee on November 6 .	the_a	10557
In 1919 , the eruption from the volcano killed about 5,000 people .	In 1919 , an eruption from the volcano killed about 5,000 people .	the_a	10558
The downpayment of $ 2,000 to $ 5,000 was all it took .	A downpayment of $ 2,000 to $ 5,000 was all it took .	the_a	10559
The shopping complex contains scores of commercial premises , all unfinished or unoccupied .	A shopping complex contains scores of commercial premises , all unfinished or unoccupied .	the_a	10560
The $ 500,000 endowment has been established to safeguard its future .	A $ 500,000 endowment has been established to safeguard its future .	the_a	10561
Without the shelter of the pseudonym , will she ever write again ?	Without the shelter of a pseudonym , will she ever write again ?	the_a	10562
The big uncertainty is what such a shift would mean for the dollar .	A big uncertainty is what such a shift would mean for the dollar .	the_a	10563
The lot 's been said about his use of steroids .	A lot 's been said about his use of steroids .	the_a	10564
The former accountant could help town administrators with finance management .	A former accountant could help town administrators with finance management .	the_a	10565
The archive will be available shortly after the call .	An archive will be available shortly after the call .	the_a	10566
Transfer to the serving bowl and stir in 3 tablespoons oil .	Transfer to a serving bowl and stir in 3 tablespoons oil .	the_a	10567
The Republican debate with CNN and YouTube is scheduled for Nov. 28 .	A Republican debate with CNN and YouTube is scheduled for Nov. 28 .	the_a	10568
The makeshift bomb exploded under his Humvee in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded under his Humvee in Baghdad .	the_a	10569
The dead dog was also found in the water .	A dead dog was also found in the water .	the_a	10570
The free evaluation board is also available .	A free evaluation board is also available .	the_a	10571
The CNN crew was threatened with detention unless they left the area .	A CNN crew was threatened with detention unless they left the area .	the_a	10572
The Senate bill is awaiting committee action .	A Senate bill is awaiting committee action .	the_a	10573
The constant theme of court hearings was Hawkins ' drug use .	A constant theme of court hearings was Hawkins ' drug use .	the_a	10574
The spokeswoman for Bracewell Giuliani declined comment .	A spokeswoman for Bracewell Giuliani declined comment .	the_a	10575
And the overwhelming 80 % of them are women .	And an overwhelming 80 % of them are women .	the_a	10576
The minor earthquake shook the Adirondack Mountains on Wednesday night .	A minor earthquake shook the Adirondack Mountains on Wednesday night .	the_a	10577
The ruling is expected by late June .	A ruling is expected by late June .	the_a	10578
The woman reported finding the remains on Friday .	A woman reported finding the remains on Friday .	the_a	10579
The follow-up meeting was set for Monday .	A follow-up meeting was set for Monday .	the_a	10580
The hearing was scheduled for Oct. 1 .	A hearing was scheduled for Oct. 1 .	the_a	10581
The Citigroup spokesperson declined to comment .	A Citigroup spokesperson declined to comment .	the_a	10582
-- The private online community for physicians , iMedExchange is currently in beta .	-- A private online community for physicians , iMedExchange is currently in beta .	the_a	10583
The British household has 23 to 24 light bulbs on average .	A British household has 23 to 24 light bulbs on average .	the_a	10584
The glorious opening hymn is followed by a mesmerizing meditation for strings .	A glorious opening hymn is followed by a mesmerizing meditation for strings .	the_a	10585
Yet the dynamic with the wives and the female frontrunner has complicated matters .	Yet the dynamic with the wives and a female frontrunner has complicated matters .	the_a	10586
, on the mission to reconnoiter Jupiter and Saturn .	, on a mission to reconnoiter Jupiter and Saturn .	the_a	10587
Such the defeat over individual decisions would be enough to trigger an election .	Such a defeat over individual decisions would be enough to trigger an election .	the_a	10588
The widely reported survey showed recently that older Americans live active sex lives .	A widely reported survey showed recently that older Americans live active sex lives .	the_a	10589
The new Flextronics plant will open in Juárez , Mexico , this fall .	A new Flextronics plant will open in Juárez , Mexico , this fall .	the_a	10590
The store employee called police after noticing the girl .	A store employee called police after noticing the girl .	the_a	10591
The recording indicated her phone number in suburban Grove City is now unlisted .	A recording indicated her phone number in suburban Grove City is now unlisted .	the_a	10592
The further comparison is : which is the better team ?	A further comparison is : which is the better team ?	the_a	10593
From the health standpoint , it is definitely undesirable to be overweight .	From a health standpoint , it is definitely undesirable to be overweight .	the_a	10594
The Associated Press photographer saw two bodies covered with blankets .	An Associated Press photographer saw two bodies covered with blankets .	the_a	10595
Such the battle would be entertaining , to be sure .	Such a battle would be entertaining , to be sure .	the_a	10596
Only the handful of killers have ever have been convicted .	Only a handful of killers have ever have been convicted .	the_a	10597
Jones , the illustrious eight-time world champion , said .	Jones , an illustrious eight-time world champion , said .	the_a	10598
The pregnant woman is likely to experience just mild symptoms .	A pregnant woman is likely to experience just mild symptoms .	the_a	10599
The additional compound , AR-2474 , has achieved in vivo proof of concept .	An additional compound , AR-2474 , has achieved in vivo proof of concept .	the_a	10600
The source told People.com Spears was upset about her performance .	A source told People.com Spears was upset about her performance .	the_a	10601
The trial before Sheriff Kenneth Ross and the jury continues .	The trial before Sheriff Kenneth Ross and a jury continues .	the_a	10602
, the wholly- owned subsidiary of Manitoba Telecom Services Inc .	, a wholly- owned subsidiary of Manitoba Telecom Services Inc .	the_a	10603
Conversely , when the biopic is only about its subject , it fails .	Conversely , when a biopic is only about its subject , it fails .	the_a	10604
The visitor calls and engages him in conversation on the subject of Oedipus .	A visitor calls and engages him in conversation on the subject of Oedipus .	the_a	10605
The sale of Volvo has not been ruled out , Mulally indicated .	A sale of Volvo has not been ruled out , Mulally indicated .	the_a	10606
The crowd favorite , he is a bold fighter .	A crowd favorite , he is a bold fighter .	the_a	10607
The delegation of government officials intervened and the monks detained them briefly .	A delegation of government officials intervened and the monks detained them briefly .	the_a	10608
The hospital spokeswoman said Rodgers was listed in stable condition .	A hospital spokeswoman said Rodgers was listed in stable condition .	the_a	10609
The fourth woman was released after appealing her conviction .	A fourth woman was released after appealing her conviction .	the_a	10610
Tears of the Clown : What is Ailing Wilson ?	Tears of a Clown : What is Ailing Wilson ?	the_a	10611
The contaminated cut or scrape can become red , swollen or increasingly painful .	A contaminated cut or scrape can become red , swollen or increasingly painful .	the_a	10612
Downside : The third bathroom would be preferable for six bedrooms .	Downside : A third bathroom would be preferable for six bedrooms .	the_a	10613
Police and the ambulance team were on the scene .	Police and an ambulance team were on the scene .	the_a	10614
The terrible storm sees a boat wrecked .	A terrible storm sees a boat wrecked .	the_a	10615
Nearby , the skateboard lies on the floor .	Nearby , a skateboard lies on the floor .	the_a	10616
In 1919 , the eruption of Mount Kelud killed some 5,000 people .	In 1919 , an eruption of Mount Kelud killed some 5,000 people .	the_a	10617
The new show is planned on Tuesday .	A new show is planned on Tuesday .	the_a	10618
The year passed , and the 12 wells were sampled again .	A year passed , and the 12 wells were sampled again .	the_a	10619
The spokesman for King County police said standard procedure had been followed .	A spokesman for King County police said standard procedure had been followed .	the_a	10620
The tropical storm watch remained in effect for Jamaica .	A tropical storm watch remained in effect for Jamaica .	the_a	10621
The tougher challenge lies ahead .	A tougher challenge lies ahead .	the_a	10622
The pedestrian was killed when he was struck by a car in Northamptonshire .	A pedestrian was killed when he was struck by a car in Northamptonshire .	the_a	10623
Under the agreement , discussions on the disputed maritime boundary are postponed .	Under the agreement , discussions on a disputed maritime boundary are postponed .	the_a	10624
About the third of the findings were considered clinically significant .	About a third of the findings were considered clinically significant .	the_a	10625
The second man will be tried later .	A second man will be tried later .	the_a	10626
John , the teacher , was troubled by Scottish education .	John , a teacher , was troubled by Scottish education .	the_a	10627
" " The lot of young guys played good tonight .	" " A lot of young guys played good tonight .	the_a	10628
But now the whole etiquette has formed .	But now a whole etiquette has formed .	the_a	10629
The National Museum Wales report shows visitor figures increased last year .	A National Museum Wales report shows visitor figures increased last year .	the_a	10630
The credit crisis ensues .	A credit crisis ensues .	the_a	10631
The criminal complaint is merely a way of bringing charges against an individual .	A criminal complaint is merely a way of bringing charges against an individual .	the_a	10632
The spokeswoman declined to comment further .	A spokeswoman declined to comment further .	the_a	10633
The apple-covered A-line dress is topped with a black belted trench coat .	An apple-covered A-line dress is topped with a black belted trench coat .	the_a	10634
Back in the bar , the fire has broken out .	Back in the bar , a fire has broken out .	the_a	10635
The Washington Post reporter did not attend the conference .	A Washington Post reporter did not attend the conference .	the_a	10636
But plans for the independent arbitrator for the road map were never realised .	But plans for an independent arbitrator for the road map were never realised .	the_a	10637
The wimpy species , perhaps surprisingly , is the bullfrog .	A wimpy species , perhaps surprisingly , is the bullfrog .	the_a	10638
So in his view , the mural makes sense .	So in his view , a mural makes sense .	the_a	10639
The ruling is expected before the end of October .	A ruling is expected before the end of October .	the_a	10640
The broken bond has huge consequences and costs .	A broken bond has huge consequences and costs .	the_a	10641
When the reporter started to ask him about security , Bush interrupted him .	When a reporter started to ask him about security , Bush interrupted him .	the_a	10642
Lantos , usually the mild questioner , was not finished .	Lantos , usually a mild questioner , was not finished .	the_a	10643
The prolonged strike by screenwriters , however , could lead to big changes .	A prolonged strike by screenwriters , however , could lead to big changes .	the_a	10644
Anyone with the American connection would certainly have greater interest in being involved .	Anyone with an American connection would certainly have greater interest in being involved .	the_a	10645
The private autopsy paid for by her family has not been completed .	A private autopsy paid for by her family has not been completed .	the_a	10646
But the report from Newsweek adds more to the story .	But a report from Newsweek adds more to the story .	the_a	10647
The public memorial service is pending .	A public memorial service is pending .	the_a	10648
Godfrey , the long-distance runner , stands 5-foot-6 and weighs 135 pounds .	Godfrey , a long-distance runner , stands 5-foot-6 and weighs 135 pounds .	the_a	10649
The stadium employee hosed down the box seats .	A stadium employee hosed down the box seats .	the_a	10650
The DirecTV spokesman said the " informational " calls had ceased .	A DirecTV spokesman said the " informational " calls had ceased .	the_a	10651
The new Sainsbury will not open until 2009 .	A new Sainsbury will not open until 2009 .	the_a	10652
The 60-day public comment period is now under way .	A 60-day public comment period is now under way .	the_a	10653
The source said that Fromong was taken to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center .	A source said that Fromong was taken to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center .	the_a	10654
But the number of political analysts believe this one is different .	But a number of political analysts believe this one is different .	the_a	10655
The CARROT price war in supermarkets has angered farmers .	A CARROT price war in supermarkets has angered farmers .	the_a	10656
The Johanns-Kerrey matchup would instantly become high-profile .	A Johanns-Kerrey matchup would instantly become high-profile .	the_a	10657
The total of 96 subjects were enrolled in the trial .	A total of 96 subjects were enrolled in the trial .	the_a	10658
The State Department investigation is still under way nine months after the incident .	A State Department investigation is still under way nine months after the incident .	the_a	10659
The 7-year-old child was in the back seat as she drove .	A 7-year-old child was in the back seat as she drove .	the_a	10660
The spokeswoman declined to comment .	A spokeswoman declined to comment .	the_a	10661
The source said the pool could be around $ 80 billion .	A source said the pool could be around $ 80 billion .	the_a	10662
The sect , Kigenkai , the Shinto offshoot , was founded in 1970 .	The sect , Kigenkai , a Shinto offshoot , was founded in 1970 .	the_a	10663
Despite the dismal record , they just keep on ticking .	Despite a dismal record , they just keep on ticking .	the_a	10664
Then , the official points us towards a big wooden door .	Then , an official points us towards a big wooden door .	the_a	10665
Finally the hospice accepted all three of us .	Finally a hospice accepted all three of us .	the_a	10666
After the day out with him , I always felt drained .	After a day out with him , I always felt drained .	the_a	10667
The correction takes time to publish , however .	A correction takes time to publish , however .	the_a	10668
si Houpt , the Garfield County commissioner who was reelected last year .	si Houpt , a Garfield County commissioner who was reelected last year .	the_a	10669
, the 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1.05 million shares .	, a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1.05 million shares .	the_a	10670
The bail hearing for both men was set for Friday .	A bail hearing for both men was set for Friday .	the_a	10671
Mitchell , the former senator , is a director of the Red Sox .	Mitchell , a former senator , is a director of the Red Sox .	the_a	10672
The slate-grey faux suede couch sits behind a contemporary oval wooden table .	A slate-grey faux suede couch sits behind a contemporary oval wooden table .	the_a	10673
The final ruling is expected in a month .	A final ruling is expected in a month .	the_a	10674
The fellow cop has often left such figures outside replicants ' rooms .	A fellow cop has often left such figures outside replicants ' rooms .	the_a	10675
The lot of that was Jason .	A lot of that was Jason .	the_a	10676
The more serene personality might use earth or muted tones , she said .	A more serene personality might use earth or muted tones , she said .	the_a	10677
The 35-year-old man has been arrested .	A 35-year-old man has been arrested .	the_a	10678
The letter was sent to the parents of all fifth-graders at the school .	A letter was sent to the parents of all fifth-graders at the school .	the_a	10679
The total of 656 more centrifuges were in development , it said .	A total of 656 more centrifuges were in development , it said .	the_a	10680
20 with the illness that required a brief hospital stay .	20 with an illness that required a brief hospital stay .	the_a	10681
The negative ad campaign would reinforce that idea for voters .	A negative ad campaign would reinforce that idea for voters .	the_a	10682
The bachelor prince always draws a crowd .	A bachelor prince always draws a crowd .	the_a	10683
The call to the actress ' publicist was not immediately returned .	A call to the actress ' publicist was not immediately returned .	the_a	10684
The attorney for the couple said the incident was not an exorcism .	An attorney for the couple said the incident was not an exorcism .	the_a	10685
The hired killer is much more costly .	A hired killer is much more costly .	the_a	10686
The police spokeswoman said details would be passed to the coroner .	A police spokeswoman said details would be passed to the coroner .	the_a	10687
The lawyer for Smith could not be reached yesterday .	A lawyer for Smith could not be reached yesterday .	the_a	10688
The man and a woman were also shot .	A man and a woman were also shot .	the_a	10689
The memorial for Dr. King seems like such a no brainer .	A memorial for Dr. King seems like such a no brainer .	the_a	10690
The lot of Premier clubs have massive debts .	A lot of Premier clubs have massive debts .	the_a	10691
The replay will be available on Halozyme 's Web site for 30 days .	A replay will be available on Halozyme 's Web site for 30 days .	the_a	10692
Once upon the time trains were coal-fired .	Once upon a time trains were coal-fired .	the_a	10693
The positive change But Giuliani will need to win over evangelical Christians .	A positive change But Giuliani will need to win over evangelical Christians .	the_a	10694
Fortunately the capacity for corporate reinvention seems to run in the family .	Fortunately a capacity for corporate reinvention seems to run in the family .	the_a	10695
The magnitude-6.3 earthquake shook western Mexico on Saturday .	A magnitude-6.3 earthquake shook western Mexico on Saturday .	the_a	10696
The compromise was worked out and tested again in San Antonio in August .	A compromise was worked out and tested again in San Antonio in August .	the_a	10697
The strike was seen as unlikely .	A strike was seen as unlikely .	the_a	10698
Final approval for the sixth is pending .	Final approval for a sixth is pending .	the_a	10699
The government issued ID is required to enter the building .	A government issued ID is required to enter the building .	the_a	10700
The low tech approach that faced some precarious moments going up the stairs .	A low tech approach that faced some precarious moments going up the stairs .	the_a	10701
Perhaps the friend could help you find a support group in your area .	Perhaps a friend could help you find a support group in your area .	the_a	10702
Hours later , the new contracting officer was assigned .	Hours later , a new contracting officer was assigned .	the_a	10703
The note fell out .	A note fell out .	the_a	10704
The 32-inch concrete barrier protects the road crew .	A 32-inch concrete barrier protects the road crew .	the_a	10705
The autopsy on his body was carried out as controversy raged .	An autopsy on his body was carried out as controversy raged .	the_a	10706
Formation of the Code Enforcement Strike Team soon followed .	Formation of a Code Enforcement Strike Team soon followed .	the_a	10707
And in the fight with the Green Goblin that is next to useless .	And in a fight with the Green Goblin that is next to useless .	the_a	10708
The sentencing hearing was then scheduled for Dec. 10 .	A sentencing hearing was then scheduled for Dec. 10 .	the_a	10709
The Superior Court judge approved the park service on Wednesday .	A Superior Court judge approved the park service on Wednesday .	the_a	10710
The one-loss team will play for the national title .	A one-loss team will play for the national title .	the_a	10711
The hearing on the two opposing plans is scheduled for Nov. 13 .	A hearing on the two opposing plans is scheduled for Nov. 13 .	the_a	10712
The Retirement Plan Davis scored 12 and Wright finished with 11 for Miami .	A Retirement Plan Davis scored 12 and Wright finished with 11 for Miami .	the_a	10713
The aide indicated Specter is expected to support the nominee .	An aide indicated Specter is expected to support the nominee .	the_a	10714
The test for the gene is widely available .	A test for the gene is widely available .	the_a	10715
This year the estimated 40,000 people took part .	This year an estimated 40,000 people took part .	the_a	10716
The car is essential for exploring the island .	A car is essential for exploring the island .	the_a	10717
" Instead , the small sign : " This is a quiet coach .	" Instead , a small sign : " This is a quiet coach .	the_a	10718
The Bush family friend may be undermining Iraqi peace .	A Bush family friend may be undermining Iraqi peace .	the_a	10719
The NUMBER of high-profile incidents have shaken public confidence in NHS 24 .	A NUMBER of high-profile incidents have shaken public confidence in NHS 24 .	the_a	10720
, the conservative , evangelical Democrat who bankrolled most of his own campaign .	, a conservative , evangelical Democrat who bankrolled most of his own campaign .	the_a	10721
" What the remarkable irony , " Paxman observes .	" What a remarkable irony , " Paxman observes .	the_a	10722
The show of force by the unions might actually suit Mr Sarkozy .	A show of force by the unions might actually suit Mr Sarkozy .	the_a	10723
The 32-year-old man has been charged with Ms Prokopcova 's murder .	A 32-year-old man has been charged with Ms Prokopcova 's murder .	the_a	10724
Two Christmases the year : is not that what all children want ?	Two Christmases a year : is not that what all children want ?	the_a	10725
The date for the return has yet to be fixed .	A date for the return has yet to be fixed .	the_a	10726
The Gregor conversion and a second penalty put his side ahead .	A Gregor conversion and a second penalty put his side ahead .	the_a	10727
The spokesman for Accenture did not respond to e-mail and telephone messages yesterday .	A spokesman for Accenture did not respond to e-mail and telephone messages yesterday .	the_a	10728
The third of the people offered nothing .	A third of the people offered nothing .	the_a	10729
And for more than the decade he was right .	And for more than a decade he was right .	the_a	10730
The rocket-propelled grenade struck his vehicle in Baghdad .	A rocket-propelled grenade struck his vehicle in Baghdad .	the_a	10731
The replay at these web sites will be available for 30 days .	A replay at these web sites will be available for 30 days .	the_a	10732
The Kremlin spokesman also declined comment on Wednesday .	A Kremlin spokesman also declined comment on Wednesday .	the_a	10733
In the interview with CNN , Crawford denied making the statement to Price .	In an interview with CNN , Crawford denied making the statement to Price .	the_a	10734
With the regular-sized beast , we might have been in trouble .	With a regular-sized beast , we might have been in trouble .	the_a	10735
The former neighbor said last night that he set the building on fire .	A former neighbor said last night that he set the building on fire .	the_a	10736
The kid with short locks who belongs in the class peeks in .	A kid with short locks who belongs in the class peeks in .	the_a	10737
The letter of censure is the military 's most severe administrative punishment .	A letter of censure is the military 's most severe administrative punishment .	the_a	10738
The woman and another child were wounded , he said .	A woman and another child were wounded , he said .	the_a	10739
The Army first lieutenant , she would been serving in Iraq four months .	An Army first lieutenant , she would been serving in Iraq four months .	the_a	10740
The regulator called them " high-level people " with extensive expertise .	A regulator called them " high-level people " with extensive expertise .	the_a	10741
The affidavit was required along with a photocopy of my passport .	An affidavit was required along with a photocopy of my passport .	the_a	10742
The blister on my heel radiated little jabs of stinging pain .	A blister on my heel radiated little jabs of stinging pain .	the_a	10743
The post-mortem examination is being carried out to determine the cause of death .	A post-mortem examination is being carried out to determine the cause of death .	the_a	10744
The Moment Changes Everything Their producer tells them not to do it again .	A Moment Changes Everything Their producer tells them not to do it again .	the_a	10745
The official of Erinys in Dubai referred inquiries to the U.S. military .	An official of Erinys in Dubai referred inquiries to the U.S. military .	the_a	10746
Without the safe place to store medicine , diabetes and HIV progress .	Without a safe place to store medicine , diabetes and HIV progress .	the_a	10747
The man has pleaded guilty to possessing articles for terrorist purposes .	A man has pleaded guilty to possessing articles for terrorist purposes .	the_a	10748
The new version of the top-selling Corolla is coming early next year .	A new version of the top-selling Corolla is coming early next year .	the_a	10749
So when the flight schedule changes , your entire itinerary can come unraveled .	So when a flight schedule changes , your entire itinerary can come unraveled .	the_a	10750
The hotel , museum or space observatory have been suggested .	A hotel , museum or space observatory have been suggested .	the_a	10751
After the two-week closure , the station resumed broadcasts on 3 October .	After a two-week closure , the station resumed broadcasts on 3 October .	the_a	10752
The claim later denied by the prime minister .	A claim later denied by the prime minister .	the_a	10753
The total of 7,137,465 shares were validly submitted for repurchase .	A total of 7,137,465 shares were validly submitted for repurchase .	the_a	10754
The submission to be made to MCC for consideration within Law .	A submission to be made to MCC for consideration within Law .	the_a	10755
But the mid-Atlantic EPA official said tests indicate no danger .	But a mid-Atlantic EPA official said tests indicate no danger .	the_a	10756
The war to address in Afghanistan .	A war to address in Afghanistan .	the_a	10757
On Campus , the Vow Of Non-Silence Michele Bolton contributed reporting .	On Campus , a Vow Of Non-Silence Michele Bolton contributed reporting .	the_a	10758
After the day of teasing , he came home , crying .	After a day of teasing , he came home , crying .	the_a	10759
The year later , Sutil won the All-Japan Formula Three Championship .	A year later , Sutil won the All-Japan Formula Three Championship .	the_a	10760
The associate of Mehsud , however , denied Taleban involvement .	An associate of Mehsud , however , denied Taleban involvement .	the_a	10761
The woman 's honor is paramount to her family .	A woman 's honor is paramount to her family .	the_a	10762
The HMRC spokesman said that they had not .	An HMRC spokesman said that they had not .	the_a	10763
The fire report estimated total damage at $ 60,000 .	A fire report estimated total damage at $ 60,000 .	the_a	10764
In the medium bowl , beat the 8 egg yolks .	In a medium bowl , beat the 8 egg yolks .	the_a	10765
Maybe the good Web search engine can help .	Maybe a good Web search engine can help .	the_a	10766
The neighbour tells the newspaper just how lucky the toddler was .	A neighbour tells the newspaper just how lucky the toddler was .	the_a	10767
The seventh man was injured .	A seventh man was injured .	the_a	10768
" " The great deal of it is luck .	" " A great deal of it is luck .	the_a	10769
the Tenor Like No Other We want to be playing October baseball .	a Tenor Like No Other We want to be playing October baseball .	the_a	10770
The Interior Ministry spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment .	An Interior Ministry spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment .	the_a	10771
" The wall will not solve the problem , " Diaz said later .	" A wall will not solve the problem , " Diaz said later .	the_a	10772
The spokesman said the pair had been detained in police custody .	A spokesman said the pair had been detained in police custody .	the_a	10773
The lawyer for BankFirst , Mark Wolfson , declined to comment .	A lawyer for BankFirst , Mark Wolfson , declined to comment .	the_a	10774
The unity government between Abbas 's Fatah movement and Hamas collapsed this year .	A unity government between Abbas 's Fatah movement and Hamas collapsed this year .	the_a	10775
The preliminary hearing for Scott was scheduled for Wednesday .	A preliminary hearing for Scott was scheduled for Wednesday .	the_a	10776
The supply of heroin in the prison setting is an evil practice .	The supply of heroin in a prison setting is an evil practice .	the_a	10777
Two earthquakes with the magnitude of 3.1 struck upstate New York in July .	Two earthquakes with a magnitude of 3.1 struck upstate New York in July .	the_a	10778
Yet the strong case can be made against necessity .	Yet a strong case can be made against necessity .	the_a	10779
The adroit Republican parliamentary maneuver ultimately sank the bill .	An adroit Republican parliamentary maneuver ultimately sank the bill .	the_a	10780
The inquest in December 2001 ruled the death was accidental .	An inquest in December 2001 ruled the death was accidental .	the_a	10781
The replay will be available through September 28 , 2007 .	A replay will be available through September 28 , 2007 .	the_a	10782
The Internal Revenue Service spokesman declined to comment .	An Internal Revenue Service spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	10783
The chase followed , with Haskel shooting DeOnté in a running gun battle .	A chase followed , with Haskel shooting DeOnté in a running gun battle .	the_a	10784
What the day for English sport this could be !	What a day for English sport this could be !	the_a	10785
The machinery of the election was set in motion .	The machinery of an election was set in motion .	the_a	10786
The picture caption also misidentified the location of a Rolex billboard .	A picture caption also misidentified the location of a Rolex billboard .	the_a	10787
The small B & B is often snug and chatty .	A small B & B is often snug and chatty .	the_a	10788
The push for the larger tush is a rare one , indeed .	The push for a larger tush is a rare one , indeed .	the_a	10789
In " The Thousand Days , " Schlesinger is deadpan .	In " A Thousand Days , " Schlesinger is deadpan .	the_a	10790
The spokesman said the firm does not comment on results between quarterly reports .	A spokesman said the firm does not comment on results between quarterly reports .	the_a	10791
The spokeswoman said that the visitors ' injuries were not serious .	A spokeswoman said that the visitors ' injuries were not serious .	the_a	10792
In the braising pan , heat the oil over medium-high heat .	In a braising pan , heat the oil over medium-high heat .	the_a	10793
The similar fair held in 1994 attracted only 250 people .	A similar fair held in 1994 attracted only 250 people .	the_a	10794
The suicide truck bomb exploded in Kirkuk , injuring bystanders .	A suicide truck bomb exploded in Kirkuk , injuring bystanders .	the_a	10795
The average age of the firefighter is between 35 and 36 .	The average age of a firefighter is between 35 and 36 .	the_a	10796
( AP ) The video is worth a thousand words .	( AP ) A video is worth a thousand words .	the_a	10797
The spokeswoman for the MHRT Service confirmed that the application had been refused .	A spokeswoman for the MHRT Service confirmed that the application had been refused .	the_a	10798
1976 - The military junta under General Jorge Videla seizes power .	1976 - A military junta under General Jorge Videla seizes power .	the_a	10799
The observation deck overlooks a 30-foot-long flume .	An observation deck overlooks a 30-foot-long flume .	the_a	10800
The verdict in the Madrid bombing trial is expected next week .	A verdict in the Madrid bombing trial is expected next week .	the_a	10801
What the difference public financing makes .	What a difference public financing makes .	the_a	10802
Now the lot of other people were able to adapt .	Now a lot of other people were able to adapt .	the_a	10803
The maximum of one thousand dozen will be provided .	A maximum of one thousand dozen will be provided .	the_a	10804
But the protracted stalemate over the disputed town of Badme continues .	But a protracted stalemate over the disputed town of Badme continues .	the_a	10805
After the test selling ink-jet cartridges , Canty moved into portable electronics .	After a test selling ink-jet cartridges , Canty moved into portable electronics .	the_a	10806
The army statement said soldiers shot a gunman in the camp .	An army statement said soldiers shot a gunman in the camp .	the_a	10807
The formal name would come later .	A formal name would come later .	the_a	10808
The judge has removed a drug treatment order for singer Pete Doherty .	A judge has removed a drug treatment order for singer Pete Doherty .	the_a	10809
The replay of this call will be available by dialing 203-369-3276 .	A replay of this call will be available by dialing 203-369-3276 .	the_a	10810
Below the certain size , unmanned aircraft could be impossible to regulate .	Below a certain size , unmanned aircraft could be impossible to regulate .	the_a	10811
, at the breezy 384 pages , is No. 1,431 .	, at a breezy 384 pages , is No. 1,431 .	the_a	10812
Meanwhile , the critical dependency is creeping up on us unawares .	Meanwhile , a critical dependency is creeping up on us unawares .	the_a	10813
1981 October - The National Referendum approves Husni Mubarak as the new president .	1981 October - A National Referendum approves Husni Mubarak as the new president .	the_a	10814
- to the private company that relies on a high degree of leverage .	- to a private company that relies on a high degree of leverage .	the_a	10815
The E lizabeth Razzi : Does it have to be all or nothing ?	A E lizabeth Razzi : Does it have to be all or nothing ?	the_a	10816
The big question remains unanswered .	A big question remains unanswered .	the_a	10817
Her dressmaker , the close friend , was a former slave .	Her dressmaker , a close friend , was a former slave .	the_a	10818
and the draw was soon agreed .	and a draw was soon agreed .	the_a	10819
Anyone with the mortgage or a bank loan can easily imagine the answer .	Anyone with a mortgage or a bank loan can easily imagine the answer .	the_a	10820
The slightly weaker dollar also supported oil prices Friday .	A slightly weaker dollar also supported oil prices Friday .	the_a	10821
The open house is scheduled in the coming weeks .	An open house is scheduled in the coming weeks .	the_a	10822
The close associate , Isaac Franco , demanded $ 30 million .	A close associate , Isaac Franco , demanded $ 30 million .	the_a	10823
Jane Robison , the spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's officer , told E !	Jane Robison , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's officer , told E !	the_a	10824
After the shaky start , Niklas Backstrom finished with 23 saves for Minnesota .	After a shaky start , Niklas Backstrom finished with 23 saves for Minnesota .	the_a	10825
Without the word , he walked outside .	Without a word , he walked outside .	the_a	10826
The Islamic Relief spokesman predicted the number eventually would reach 80,000 .	An Islamic Relief spokesman predicted the number eventually would reach 80,000 .	the_a	10827
Springsteen no longer the blue-collar hero - so where does that leave me ?	Springsteen no longer a blue-collar hero - so where does that leave me ?	the_a	10828
" Never the dull moment , " he said .	" Never a dull moment , " he said .	the_a	10829
For the while , this new medium did seem relatively immune to regulation .	For a while , this new medium did seem relatively immune to regulation .	the_a	10830
The Iraqi government investigation concluded that Blackwater guards fired on civilians without provocation .	An Iraqi government investigation concluded that Blackwater guards fired on civilians without provocation .	the_a	10831
The Taliban spokesman denied the claim .	A Taliban spokesman denied the claim .	the_a	10832
The rematch with L.S.U. in the N.C.A.A. basketball championship game is unlikely .	A rematch with L.S.U. in the N.C.A.A. basketball championship game is unlikely .	the_a	10833
The further three devices were discovered during a police raid on his home .	A further three devices were discovered during a police raid on his home .	the_a	10834
Then the lot would depend on the other results in our group .	Then a lot would depend on the other results in our group .	the_a	10835
The European space lab will be launched aboard Atlantis .	A European space lab will be launched aboard Atlantis .	the_a	10836
The growing number of ventures hope to turn fMRI into a business .	A growing number of ventures hope to turn fMRI into a business .	the_a	10837
The network of marine reserves and protected areas should be created .	A network of marine reserves and protected areas should be created .	the_a	10838
Mrs. Kelly , the rose in nylon hose .	Mrs. Kelly , a rose in nylon hose .	the_a	10839
The second charge of driving under the influence was dropped .	A second charge of driving under the influence was dropped .	the_a	10840
Outside , the man was struggling with two women over a cab .	Outside , a man was struggling with two women over a cab .	the_a	10841
In this instance the employee did not uphold that protocol .	In this instance an employee did not uphold that protocol .	the_a	10842
The message left for Cheuvront 's bailiff was not returned .	A message left for Cheuvront 's bailiff was not returned .	the_a	10843
The win Thursday may finally get Bostonians talking about the Eagles .	A win Thursday may finally get Bostonians talking about the Eagles .	the_a	10844
The blow dryer set to its cool setting will speed drying .	A blow dryer set to its cool setting will speed drying .	the_a	10845
Without the moment 's hesitation , both said it was the money .	Without a moment 's hesitation , both said it was the money .	the_a	10846
The special ice-disco will be held on the final week .	A special ice-disco will be held on the final week .	the_a	10847
The great blue heron stood stock still .	A great blue heron stood stock still .	the_a	10848
The similar encounter in 2003 created a great photo opportunity .	A similar encounter in 2003 created a great photo opportunity .	the_a	10849
The institutional investor and architects ' panel was also featured .	An institutional investor and architects ' panel was also featured .	the_a	10850
In the park , the stranger approached , hand extended .	In the park , a stranger approached , hand extended .	the_a	10851
Isn 't there the better way for women to show their superiority ?	Isn 't there a better way for women to show their superiority ?	the_a	10852
The company representative was not immediately available for comment .	A company representative was not immediately available for comment .	the_a	10853
But with the minority administration , Mr Swinney needs to tread more carefully .	But with a minority administration , Mr Swinney needs to tread more carefully .	the_a	10854
540,000 ATMs the year , but before a third runway is built .	540,000 ATMs a year , but before a third runway is built .	the_a	10855
The ruling could come any day now .	A ruling could come any day now .	the_a	10856
The Chrysler spokeswoman declined comment on the talks .	A Chrysler spokeswoman declined comment on the talks .	the_a	10857
Bush 's initiative to broker the north-south deal worked .	Bush 's initiative to broker a north-south deal worked .	the_a	10858
The spokesman said an arena tour planned for this month would proceed .	A spokesman said an arena tour planned for this month would proceed .	the_a	10859
And the Newsweek cover story last week questioned whether he is lazy .	And a Newsweek cover story last week questioned whether he is lazy .	the_a	10860
The shuttle service is operating between Hampton Court and Surbiton .	A shuttle service is operating between Hampton Court and Surbiton .	the_a	10861
The judge rejected the request Thursday .	A judge rejected the request Thursday .	the_a	10862
The bus has exploded in Russia killing eight people and injuring 48 .	A bus has exploded in Russia killing eight people and injuring 48 .	the_a	10863
The fine rain fell and wind kicked up autumn leaves .	A fine rain fell and wind kicked up autumn leaves .	the_a	10864
The new Club offers more than just the place to go after school .	The new Club offers more than just a place to go after school .	the_a	10865
Opium and the class The drug heroin are both opiates .	Opium and the class A drug heroin are both opiates .	the_a	10866
The Disney universe as vast as the mobile network awaits you .	A Disney universe as vast as the mobile network awaits you .	the_a	10867
The autopsy will be conducted , Sheriff Chuck Jenkins said .	An autopsy will be conducted , Sheriff Chuck Jenkins said .	the_a	10868
" Way bigger than the suitcase , " she said .	" Way bigger than a suitcase , " she said .	the_a	10869
The motorcyclist has died after he struck a road sign in Essex .	A motorcyclist has died after he struck a road sign in Essex .	the_a	10870
And the perfect reward for the life well lived .	And the perfect reward for a life well lived .	the_a	10871
The Category 1 hurricane has winds of 74 mph or greater .	A Category 1 hurricane has winds of 74 mph or greater .	the_a	10872
The lack of diversification in Turkish coffee is its greatest problem .	A lack of diversification in Turkish coffee is its greatest problem .	the_a	10873
The coroner 's jury said her drowning death was accidental .	A coroner 's jury said her drowning death was accidental .	the_a	10874
The bit later , Pamuk made the context for all this more specific .	A bit later , Pamuk made the context for all this more specific .	the_a	10875
Besides Russia , the possible additional export market is China .	Besides Russia , a possible additional export market is China .	the_a	10876
The heavy fringe and layers is a very old-fashioned look .	A heavy fringe and layers is a very old-fashioned look .	the_a	10877
The middle-aged spouse can be diagnosed with any number of incapacitating mental disorders .	A middle-aged spouse can be diagnosed with any number of incapacitating mental disorders .	the_a	10878
Leventhal 's response to Jamison in the e-mail did little to assuage opponents .	Leventhal 's response to Jamison in an e-mail did little to assuage opponents .	the_a	10879
The Biography of Hunter S. Thompson Who 's next at the Daily Mail ?	A Biography of Hunter S. Thompson Who 's next at the Daily Mail ?	the_a	10880
About every three months the new showcase exhibit takes over .	About every three months a new showcase exhibit takes over .	the_a	10881
And the friend of the former sweeties told OK !	And a friend of the former sweeties told OK !	the_a	10882
The cyclist has died following a suspected hit-and-run incident in Greater Manchester .	A cyclist has died following a suspected hit-and-run incident in Greater Manchester .	the_a	10883
, where the chicken processing plant is located .	, where a chicken processing plant is located .	the_a	10884
9 , the dog walker curious about fresh blood found two more .	9 , a dog walker curious about fresh blood found two more .	the_a	10885
The bunch of bobbies were now bobbing up a hotel stair .	A bunch of bobbies were now bobbing up a hotel stair .	the_a	10886
But without the detailed map , it was hard to find .	But without a detailed map , it was hard to find .	the_a	10887
The trial , before the jury , is expected to last six weeks .	The trial , before a jury , is expected to last six weeks .	the_a	10888
The amnesty in 1999 led many rebels to lay down their arms .	An amnesty in 1999 led many rebels to lay down their arms .	the_a	10889
The fifth student survived the crash and was hospitalized .	A fifth student survived the crash and was hospitalized .	the_a	10890
If you Google the problem , you will find contradictory solutions galore .	If you Google a problem , you will find contradictory solutions galore .	the_a	10891
The rundown of how the 2008 field handled the attorney general 's resignation .	A rundown of how the 2008 field handled the attorney general 's resignation .	the_a	10892
Currently , the large percentage of spam is sent through these ill-gotten networks .	Currently , a large percentage of spam is sent through these ill-gotten networks .	the_a	10893
The override requires a two-thirds majority in both chambers .	An override requires a two-thirds majority in both chambers .	the_a	10894
The sixth suspect pleaded guilty to second-degree murder .	A sixth suspect pleaded guilty to second-degree murder .	the_a	10895
The Board of Inquiry into the crash is under way .	A Board of Inquiry into the crash is under way .	the_a	10896
Results of the post-mortem examination of Bienda 's body proved inconclusive .	Results of a post-mortem examination of Bienda 's body proved inconclusive .	the_a	10897
The fuel tank on the truck was ruptured .	A fuel tank on the truck was ruptured .	the_a	10898
The copy was obtained Wednesday by The New York Times .	A copy was obtained Wednesday by The New York Times .	the_a	10899
Within the week , they fled to Amman .	Within a week , they fled to Amman .	the_a	10900
The PEDESTRIAN was knocked down by a fire engine in Musselburgh yesterday .	A PEDESTRIAN was knocked down by a fire engine in Musselburgh yesterday .	the_a	10901
After the while I began to think it might be on smack .	After a while I began to think it might be on smack .	the_a	10902
The lawyer representing the couple did not immediately return a phone message .	A lawyer representing the couple did not immediately return a phone message .	the_a	10903
The pillbox concession stand painted ketchup-red was boarded up .	A pillbox concession stand painted ketchup-red was boarded up .	the_a	10904
The marital rift ensues .	A marital rift ensues .	the_a	10905
The corn-soy diet cannot do that .	A corn-soy diet cannot do that .	the_a	10906
The UNIQUE event for Scotland takes place all this weekend in Perth .	A UNIQUE event for Scotland takes place all this weekend in Perth .	the_a	10907
The government bailout is not the answer .	A government bailout is not the answer .	the_a	10908
The barrel of light , sweet crude fell 27 cents to $ 81.39 .	A barrel of light , sweet crude fell 27 cents to $ 81.39 .	the_a	10909
" The whole lot better , " he said .	" A whole lot better , " he said .	the_a	10910
The supercharged version will hit 60mph from rest in less than 3sec .	A supercharged version will hit 60mph from rest in less than 3sec .	the_a	10911
The much smaller proportion , 16 percent , responded that way in 2007 .	A much smaller proportion , 16 percent , responded that way in 2007 .	the_a	10912
The preferred option will be selected in the new year .	A preferred option will be selected in the new year .	the_a	10913
About the half million French workers qualify for this plan .	About a half million French workers qualify for this plan .	the_a	10914
The year is a philosophy .	A year is a philosophy .	the_a	10915
Now the half-dozen or more regularly oppose whenever a roll call is held .	Now a half-dozen or more regularly oppose whenever a roll call is held .	the_a	10916
Or the drug that fights Lou Gehrig 's disease .	Or a drug that fights Lou Gehrig 's disease .	the_a	10917
The predominantly Catholic country , Austria wears its faith lightly .	A predominantly Catholic country , Austria wears its faith lightly .	the_a	10918
The 21-year-old man , a 44-year-old woman and a 12-year-old boy died earlier .	A 21-year-old man , a 44-year-old woman and a 12-year-old boy died earlier .	the_a	10919
The third colleague was moved to another job inside the bank .	A third colleague was moved to another job inside the bank .	the_a	10920
In due course the parcel arrives , and I give it a feel .	In due course a parcel arrives , and I give it a feel .	the_a	10921
But within the few days the conference had petered out in disarray .	But within a few days the conference had petered out in disarray .	the_a	10922
Two men and the woman have been arrested in connection with the murder .	Two men and a woman have been arrested in connection with the murder .	the_a	10923
The day-long session on Friday ended without conclusion .	A day-long session on Friday ended without conclusion .	the_a	10924
Her ministry to the doubting modern world may have just begun .	Her ministry to a doubting modern world may have just begun .	the_a	10925
Ira , the emotional man , began to weep .	Ira , an emotional man , began to weep .	the_a	10926
The delegation arranged a trip to Norway to complain .	A delegation arranged a trip to Norway to complain .	the_a	10927
The body of the 39-year-old man was found in the surf .	The body of a 39-year-old man was found in the surf .	the_a	10928
The woman was hurt in her leg .	A woman was hurt in her leg .	the_a	10929
The quick check revealed a trail of messages which stretched back months .	A quick check revealed a trail of messages which stretched back months .	the_a	10930
The black box is the strongest type of warning for prescription drugs .	A black box is the strongest type of warning for prescription drugs .	the_a	10931
, the Ames , Iowa-based company that produces and distributes biodiesel .	, an Ames , Iowa-based company that produces and distributes biodiesel .	the_a	10932
The suspect was arrested in that case .	A suspect was arrested in that case .	the_a	10933
The passionate collector may spot value that others miss , she said .	A passionate collector may spot value that others miss , she said .	the_a	10934
The very laid-back Todeschini strokes the ball over and Argentina reduce the deficit .	A very laid-back Todeschini strokes the ball over and Argentina reduce the deficit .	the_a	10935
But such the large number of animals is odd , officials said .	But such a large number of animals is odd , officials said .	the_a	10936
As the mother of the son , I beg to disagree .	As the mother of a son , I beg to disagree .	the_a	10937
Like the snail trapped in sunlight , say ?	Like a snail trapped in sunlight , say ?	the_a	10938
The interrogator kicked her in the stomach ; she lost the baby .	An interrogator kicked her in the stomach ; she lost the baby .	the_a	10939
Chris Horrie , the media writer and lecturer , was unsympathetic .	Chris Horrie , a media writer and lecturer , was unsympathetic .	the_a	10940
Such the tax received majority support in all 21 countries .	Such a tax received majority support in all 21 countries .	the_a	10941
The former Democrat , he switched to the GOP because of Paul .	A former Democrat , he switched to the GOP because of Paul .	the_a	10942
Of course , in the cubicle , you are a sitting duck .	Of course , in a cubicle , you are a sitting duck .	the_a	10943
In the absence of the president , the government takes executive power .	In the absence of a president , the government takes executive power .	the_a	10944
The baby likes routine .	A baby likes routine .	the_a	10945
The explosive device has detonated underneath a car parked outside a school .	An explosive device has detonated underneath a car parked outside a school .	the_a	10946
In September , the Arizona court ruled for Western Union .	In September , an Arizona court ruled for Western Union .	the_a	10947
The NEW approach to tackling domestic abuse is being launched in East Lothian .	A NEW approach to tackling domestic abuse is being launched in East Lothian .	the_a	10948
The pattern of limited Chinese co-operation in world affairs has emerged .	A pattern of limited Chinese co-operation in world affairs has emerged .	the_a	10949
If the new tenant moves in , be honest about it .	If a new tenant moves in , be honest about it .	the_a	10950
The message left for the Hutsells ' attorney was not immediately returned .	A message left for the Hutsells ' attorney was not immediately returned .	the_a	10951
The Manny Ramirez double play ends the inning .	A Manny Ramirez double play ends the inning .	the_a	10952
The spokeswoman for the police blamed faulty wiring .	A spokeswoman for the police blamed faulty wiring .	the_a	10953
But the Army Corps of Engineers official denied there is a water crisis .	But an Army Corps of Engineers official denied there is a water crisis .	the_a	10954
The blood sample could be taken when vaccinations are given .	A blood sample could be taken when vaccinations are given .	the_a	10955
Support group 's indignation The lockout would involve all but six Broadway theaters .	Support group 's indignation A lockout would involve all but six Broadway theaters .	the_a	10956
The Bank of America spokesman did not return a call for comment .	A Bank of America spokesman did not return a call for comment .	the_a	10957
The " exciting new format for Two Cent Cinema " is promised shortly .	An " exciting new format for Two Cent Cinema " is promised shortly .	the_a	10958
The AIG spokesman declined to comment on the ruling .	An AIG spokesman declined to comment on the ruling .	the_a	10959
The man has been knocked down by a fire engine in East Lothian .	A man has been knocked down by a fire engine in East Lothian .	the_a	10960
The fifth teen was badly injured .	A fifth teen was badly injured .	the_a	10961
The bad team entered the locker room .	A bad team entered the locker room .	the_a	10962
The series of three steel-and-barbed wire barricades were erected around her house .	A series of three steel-and-barbed wire barricades were erected around her house .	the_a	10963
The Army brigade has about 3,500 soldiers .	An Army brigade has about 3,500 soldiers .	the_a	10964
The estimated one in twelve loans to Latinos will end in foreclosure .	An estimated one in twelve loans to Latinos will end in foreclosure .	the_a	10965
The vivid exposition on the anguish that death leaves behind .	A vivid exposition on the anguish that death leaves behind .	the_a	10966
The lens made from such a material would not have to be curved .	A lens made from such a material would not have to be curved .	the_a	10967
The convention , which Gilmore pushed for , traditionally favors a conservative candidate .	A convention , which Gilmore pushed for , traditionally favors a conservative candidate .	the_a	10968
Sometimes the chef just has to go with the conformist flow .	Sometimes a chef just has to go with the conformist flow .	the_a	10969
The few years back she had a dismaying bout of vocal ailments .	A few years back she had a dismaying bout of vocal ailments .	the_a	10970
, and as green the environmentalist as they come .	, and as green an environmentalist as they come .	the_a	10971
The blue lowercase " ny " team logo is sewn in the middle .	A blue lowercase " ny " team logo is sewn in the middle .	the_a	10972
After the brief discussion , Wedge replaced Byrd with Jensen Lewis .	After a brief discussion , Wedge replaced Byrd with Jensen Lewis .	the_a	10973
Parliament votes against the proposal to decriminalise sex between men .	Parliament votes against a proposal to decriminalise sex between men .	the_a	10974
Fix bankers with the hard stare and their swagger soon fades .	Fix bankers with a hard stare and their swagger soon fades .	the_a	10975
Deep inside Notre Dame Stadium , the U.S.C. quarterback controversy emerged .	Deep inside Notre Dame Stadium , a U.S.C. quarterback controversy emerged .	the_a	10976
The series of studies for the portrait are included here .	A series of studies for the portrait are included here .	the_a	10977
The 13-year-old boy was arrested and remains in custody for questioning .	A 13-year-old boy was arrested and remains in custody for questioning .	the_a	10978
The resident 's workweek cannot exceed 80 hours when averaged over four weeks .	A resident 's workweek cannot exceed 80 hours when averaged over four weeks .	the_a	10979
- The vaccine is available to protect horses but not human beings .	- A vaccine is available to protect horses but not human beings .	the_a	10980
The U.S. Park Police officer spotted them , and the chase was on .	A U.S. Park Police officer spotted them , and the chase was on .	the_a	10981
The agency spokesman did not immediately return a call for comment Sunday .	An agency spokesman did not immediately return a call for comment Sunday .	the_a	10982
" " The drone was flying very low and fired the missile .	" " A drone was flying very low and fired the missile .	the_a	10983
The supervising nurse was charged with larceny , accused of allowing the arrangement .	A supervising nurse was charged with larceny , accused of allowing the arrangement .	the_a	10984
Also , the thing can be killed with excessive praise .	Also , a thing can be killed with excessive praise .	the_a	10985
, the non-profit group that provides health-related services to New Yorkers .	, a non-profit group that provides health-related services to New Yorkers .	the_a	10986
The few minutes later , Mike Monway rose with the opposite concern .	A few minutes later , Mike Monway rose with the opposite concern .	the_a	10987
And the official , five-and-three-quarters-inch-long gold-plated pewter key to prove it .	And an official , five-and-three-quarters-inch-long gold-plated pewter key to prove it .	the_a	10988
After the tentative introduction mixing anxiety and romance , a hero arrives .	After a tentative introduction mixing anxiety and romance , a hero arrives .	the_a	10989
The military investigation concluded that there was no evidence soldiers had mistreated detainees .	A military investigation concluded that there was no evidence soldiers had mistreated detainees .	the_a	10990
The group of volunteers with search and rescue dogs also scoured the canyon .	A group of volunteers with search and rescue dogs also scoured the canyon .	the_a	10991
In 1919 , the huge explosion killed more than 5,000 .	In 1919 , a huge explosion killed more than 5,000 .	the_a	10992
The panel discussion followed the screening .	A panel discussion followed the screening .	the_a	10993
The major fire has destroyed part of a printing ink factory in Suffolk .	A major fire has destroyed part of a printing ink factory in Suffolk .	the_a	10994
Later , after the few margaritas , she kissed him .	Later , after a few margaritas , she kissed him .	the_a	10995
" " The strengthened management team are tackling the issues .	" " A strengthened management team are tackling the issues .	the_a	10996
The weapons cache and bomb-making materials were also found , it said .	A weapons cache and bomb-making materials were also found , it said .	the_a	10997
The formal definition of the recession is two successive quarters of negative growth .	The formal definition of a recession is two successive quarters of negative growth .	the_a	10998
The statement of my manhood for the world to see .	A statement of my manhood for the world to see .	the_a	10999
The insanity plea wasrejected and she was jailed for life .	An insanity plea wasrejected and she was jailed for life .	the_a	11000
One journalist , the long-time resident , challenged the minister on these inconsistencies .	One journalist , a long-time resident , challenged the minister on these inconsistencies .	the_a	11001
From behind that curtain the long black Volvo with tinted windows appeared .	From behind that curtain a long black Volvo with tinted windows appeared .	the_a	11002
The D. Three and a half points shy of the C he needed .	A D. Three and a half points shy of the C he needed .	the_a	11003
The 25-year-old Weymouth was arrested and has been released on police bailed .	A 25-year-old Weymouth was arrested and has been released on police bailed .	the_a	11004
The berth in the Atlantic Coast Conference championship game awaited the winner .	A berth in the Atlantic Coast Conference championship game awaited the winner .	the_a	11005
The little insult apparently goes a long way .	A little insult apparently goes a long way .	the_a	11006
In 2004 , the jury awarded Mr. Reuland $ 30,000 .	In 2004 , a jury awarded Mr. Reuland $ 30,000 .	the_a	11007
Kayleen Fitzsimmons , the West Virginia native , led Cornell with 15 points .	Kayleen Fitzsimmons , a West Virginia native , led Cornell with 15 points .	the_a	11008
The bullet left an ugly hole in her chest .	A bullet left an ugly hole in her chest .	the_a	11009
, the Democrat who is one of the bill 's sponsors .	, a Democrat who is one of the bill 's sponsors .	the_a	11010
The aircraft burst into flames shortly after impact , the eyewitness said .	The aircraft burst into flames shortly after impact , an eyewitness said .	the_a	11011
The friend , Angie , came to live with me there .	A friend , Angie , came to live with me there .	the_a	11012
The booking would rule him out of the Russia test .	A booking would rule him out of the Russia test .	the_a	11013
The onside kick bounced off a Yale player and was recovered by Harvard .	An onside kick bounced off a Yale player and was recovered by Harvard .	the_a	11014
Such the implication feeds a no less dangerous paranoia in the West .	Such an implication feeds a no less dangerous paranoia in the West .	the_a	11015
The native Californian , Eddie has devoted his life to public service .	A native Californian , Eddie has devoted his life to public service .	the_a	11016
The smaller number think bad cooking or refusing sex are reasons enough .	A smaller number think bad cooking or refusing sex are reasons enough .	the_a	11017
The Justice Department spokesman declined to comment .	A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment .	the_a	11018
The number of original owners still live in their houses .	A number of original owners still live in their houses .	the_a	11019
Still , after half the hour , the river chilled me .	Still , after half an hour , the river chilled me .	the_a	11020
The estimated 25,000 children attend such schools .	An estimated 25,000 children attend such schools .	the_a	11021
The new iPod pillow plays music in the pillow itself .	A new iPod pillow plays music in the pillow itself .	the_a	11022
The hour later , he was dead .	An hour later , he was dead .	the_a	11023
" What the whitewashing , " Internationals captain Gary Player said .	" What a whitewashing , " Internationals captain Gary Player said .	the_a	11024
The steep $ 35,000 , Mr. Werner said .	A steep $ 35,000 , Mr. Werner said .	the_a	11025
But the abrupt collapse could occur , as well , Dr. Amstrup said .	But an abrupt collapse could occur , as well , Dr. Amstrup said .	the_a	11026
The great move for your upper chest is pullovers .	A great move for your upper chest is pullovers .	the_a	11027
Officers in the boat examined the reservoir 's shore .	Officers in a boat examined the reservoir 's shore .	the_a	11028
The 3-pointer from just inside midcourt by Jose Calderon hit off the backboard .	A 3-pointer from just inside midcourt by Jose Calderon hit off the backboard .	the_a	11029
The official at Japan 's Fisheries Agency declined all comment on the report .	An official at Japan 's Fisheries Agency declined all comment on the report .	the_a	11030
The power grid failure caused a blackout in 2003 .	A power grid failure caused a blackout in 2003 .	the_a	11031
The news conference is scheduled for the end of the day .	A news conference is scheduled for the end of the day .	the_a	11032
The recent World Bank study suggests poverty is declining in the rural areas .	A recent World Bank study suggests poverty is declining in the rural areas .	the_a	11033
The cycle is one take-off and landing .	A cycle is one take-off and landing .	the_a	11034
The interim report is expected today .	An interim report is expected today .	the_a	11035
The MySpace Web site devoted to her disappearance has also been posted .	A MySpace Web site devoted to her disappearance has also been posted .	the_a	11036
The police spokesman said the man is now at the Western General Hospital .	A police spokesman said the man is now at the Western General Hospital .	the_a	11037
The one-tonne silver balustrade was placed around the royal bed .	A one-tonne silver balustrade was placed around the royal bed .	the_a	11038
The incident last week demonstrates the focus on names , names , names .	An incident last week demonstrates the focus on names , names , names .	the_a	11039
Report both sides of the story The drowning had occurred .	Report both sides of the story A drowning had occurred .	the_a	11040
For the while , it did not seem destined to end this way .	For a while , it did not seem destined to end this way .	the_a	11041
The spokesman for the U.A.W. declined to comment .	A spokesman for the U.A.W. declined to comment .	the_a	11042
The police control room official however said that only three police were killed .	A police control room official however said that only three police were killed .	the_a	11043
, the upstate Republican who is chairman of the committee .	, an upstate Republican who is chairman of the committee .	the_a	11044
Almost the quarter of the loans it bought this year had that characteristic .	Almost a quarter of the loans it bought this year had that characteristic .	the_a	11045
Rather unusual for the First Lady to champion a cause overseas .	Rather unusual for a First Lady to champion a cause overseas .	the_a	11046
The maintenance fee is $ 281 a month .	A maintenance fee is $ 281 a month .	the_a	11047
" The unfortunate coincidence , " a police spokesman said .	" An unfortunate coincidence , " a police spokesman said .	the_a	11048
The message left for the police department was not immediately returned Thursday .	A message left for the police department was not immediately returned Thursday .	the_a	11049
The tenth indicator , focused on sustainability issues , will be added soon .	A tenth indicator , focused on sustainability issues , will be added soon .	the_a	11050
Under the consent order , Valassis was barred from engaging in similar conduct .	Under a consent order , Valassis was barred from engaging in similar conduct .	the_a	11051
How Large the Fine Can the Board Impose ?	How Large a Fine Can the Board Impose ?	the_a	11052
_ The Indonesian man was indicted in Madison , Wis .	_ An Indonesian man was indicted in Madison , Wis .	the_a	11053
The elderly cyclist has died from his injuries after colliding with a van .	An elderly cyclist has died from his injuries after colliding with a van .	the_a	11054
The SENATE investigation is in order .	A SENATE investigation is in order .	the_a	11055
Such the meeting " is something normal between nations , " he said .	Such a meeting " is something normal between nations , " he said .	the_a	11056
The important factor is how picky banks will become about lending .	An important factor is how picky banks will become about lending .	the_a	11057
The WHO spokeswoman said experts were still carrying out tests .	A WHO spokeswoman said experts were still carrying out tests .	the_a	11058
On the whim , I bought some for my parents as well .	On a whim , I bought some for my parents as well .	the_a	11059
The receptionist gave the letter to the executive director , Madeline DeLone .	A receptionist gave the letter to the executive director , Madeline DeLone .	the_a	11060
The " dog and pony show " promised by moveon failed to materialize .	A " dog and pony show " promised by moveon failed to materialize .	the_a	11061
In Mosul , the car bomb exploded on a police convoy .	In Mosul , a car bomb exploded on a police convoy .	the_a	11062
The number of staff members have been disciplined .	A number of staff members have been disciplined .	the_a	11063
The walkout on October 18 was meant as no more than a warning .	An walkout on October 18 was meant as no more than a warning .	the_a	11064
Each repetition of the defamatory statement is treated as a fresh case .	Each repetition of a defamatory statement is treated as a fresh case .	the_a	11065
Quite the turnaround after Florida took control in the second .	Quite a turnaround after Florida took control in the second .	the_a	11066
Of course , the 20-year-old can be in better shape then a 40-year-old .	Of course , a 20-year-old can be in better shape then a 40-year-old .	the_a	11067
The few middle-aged men gather around Gravel .	A few middle-aged men gather around Gravel .	the_a	11068
Notes : The record 77,160 fans were in attendance .	Notes : A record 77,160 fans were in attendance .	the_a	11069
The specialist helicopter from Inverness was called in to assist in the process .	A specialist helicopter from Inverness was called in to assist in the process .	the_a	11070
The estimated 65 percent of Volkswagen Beetle Convertible buyers are female .	An estimated 65 percent of Volkswagen Beetle Convertible buyers are female .	the_a	11071
, the U.K.-based hosted Microsoft Dynamics CRM solution provider .	, a U.K.-based hosted Microsoft Dynamics CRM solution provider .	the_a	11072
The cameraman , the freelancer , was fired .	The cameraman , a freelancer , was fired .	the_a	11073
The lot of them can speak English .	A lot of them can speak English .	the_a	11074
" " The lot of stuff people aren 't going to get .	" " A lot of stuff people aren 't going to get .	the_a	11075
The really big night would mean winning , or losing , $ 100 .	A really big night would mean winning , or losing , $ 100 .	the_a	11076
In the matter of weeks we will hold our first government news conference .	In a matter of weeks we will hold our first government news conference .	the_a	11077
At Père-Lachaise , the statement like that resonates with surprising power .	At Père-Lachaise , a statement like that resonates with surprising power .	the_a	11078
The fifth passenger , Markus Allen , 16 , was critically injured .	A fifth passenger , Markus Allen , 16 , was critically injured .	the_a	11079
The Nkunda spokesman disputed the figure .	A Nkunda spokesman disputed the figure .	the_a	11080
More than the year after quitting , the 26-year-old still suffers from insomnia .	More than a year after quitting , the 26-year-old still suffers from insomnia .	the_a	11081
The tense standoff developed .	A tense standoff developed .	the_a	11082
But the few dishes struck false notes .	But a few dishes struck false notes .	the_a	11083
The English grand committee could , quite quickly , result in constitutional crisis .	An English grand committee could , quite quickly , result in constitutional crisis .	the_a	11084
The portrayal of this being the cold business decision is completely incorrect .	The portrayal of this being a cold business decision is completely incorrect .	the_a	11085
On the comparable-store basis , September sales decreased 16.2 % .	On a comparable-store basis , September sales decreased 16.2 % .	the_a	11086
The few minutes later we follow and wait in a corridor .	A few minutes later we follow and wait in a corridor .	the_a	11087
The Buddhist monk holds an alms bowl upside-down as a symbol of protest .	A Buddhist monk holds an alms bowl upside-down as a symbol of protest .	the_a	11088
The Senate Democratic leadership aide had a similar opinion of the impact .	A Senate Democratic leadership aide had a similar opinion of the impact .	the_a	11089
The makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Bagram , Afghanistan .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Bagram , Afghanistan .	the_a	11090
The car bombing targets European workers and their Algerian police escorts .	A car bombing targets European workers and their Algerian police escorts .	the_a	11091
The Semana - weekly The estimates typically exclude one-time items .	A Semana - weekly The estimates typically exclude one-time items .	the_a	11092
The woman serving as an office assistant presents Kalani with his glasses .	A woman serving as an office assistant presents Kalani with his glasses .	the_a	11093
But the bagel can add up to 500 calories to your diet .	But a bagel can add up to 500 calories to your diet .	the_a	11094
The pile of wet umbrellas sat drying in a corner .	A pile of wet umbrellas sat drying in a corner .	the_a	11095
b Kaneria The accidental fire was highly unlikely .	b Kaneria An accidental fire was highly unlikely .	the_a	11096
Less than the hour to go .	Less than an hour to go .	the_a	11097
In the lobby , the bellboy delivered the first-ever transatlantic cable .	In the lobby , a bellboy delivered the first-ever transatlantic cable .	the_a	11098
Fewer than the fifth of respondents favour authoritarian government .	Fewer than a fifth of respondents favour authoritarian government .	the_a	11099
DEAR BOB : The friend was telling me about recasting a mortgage loan .	DEAR BOB : A friend was telling me about recasting a mortgage loan .	the_a	11100
In the bubble , of course , that is precisely the right strategy .	In a bubble , of course , that is precisely the right strategy .	the_a	11101
The interview ground to the halt as Mr. Gray strained to listen .	The interview ground to a halt as Mr. Gray strained to listen .	the_a	11102
The call to prosecutors in Connecticut on Friday was not immediately returned .	A call to prosecutors in Connecticut on Friday was not immediately returned .	the_a	11103
The one-way trip is more than a round trip .	A one-way trip is more than a round trip .	the_a	11104
Typically , the pipe bomb is lit manually .	Typically , a pipe bomb is lit manually .	the_a	11105
The 19th-century hulk , it drips with decades of brownish-gray grime .	A 19th-century hulk , it drips with decades of brownish-gray grime .	the_a	11106
The one-way trip now costs $ 1.25 .	A one-way trip now costs $ 1.25 .	the_a	11107
The judge in 1997 awarded Wilson $ 226,000 and closed the case .	A judge in 1997 awarded Wilson $ 226,000 and closed the case .	the_a	11108
Mr Wiseman , the joiner and a father-of-two died of toxic shock .	Mr Wiseman , a joiner and a father-of-two died of toxic shock .	the_a	11109
" The Gentleman 's C , " read another headline .	" A Gentleman 's C , " read another headline .	the_a	11110
People at the crossroads can see them as blueprints for change .	People at a crossroads can see them as blueprints for change .	the_a	11111
Perhaps most significantly , though , the underground campaign was bubbling all around .	Perhaps most significantly , though , an underground campaign was bubbling all around .	the_a	11112
So the outlook for the quick settlement looks murky .	So the outlook for a quick settlement looks murky .	the_a	11113
The few flashing lights makes you feel better .	A few flashing lights makes you feel better .	the_a	11114
On the operating basis , GMAC lost $ 1.14 billion in the quarter .	On an operating basis , GMAC lost $ 1.14 billion in the quarter .	the_a	11115
In sort , the description of this series sounds just crazy .	In sort , a description of this series sounds just crazy .	the_a	11116
-- The number of employers apparently are willing to let their workers walk .	-- A number of employers apparently are willing to let their workers walk .	the_a	11117
In the 16-week season , players can screw up a game or two .	In a 16-week season , players can screw up a game or two .	the_a	11118
The year is an enthusiast .	A year is an enthusiast .	the_a	11119
The responsibility of the government is to take action before a crisis emerges .	The responsibility of a government is to take action before a crisis emerges .	the_a	11120
The U.S. appeals court upheld the dismissal of the lawsuit .	A U.S. appeals court upheld the dismissal of the lawsuit .	the_a	11121
The date for the hearing is expected to be set for 2008 .	A date for the hearing is expected to be set for 2008 .	the_a	11122
That and the interception by Lindley helped give Kentucky an early 13-0 lead .	That and an interception by Lindley helped give Kentucky an early 13-0 lead .	the_a	11123
The direct consequence was the destruction of the Russian Baltic fleet in 1905 .	A direct consequence was the destruction of the Russian Baltic fleet in 1905 .	the_a	11124
But in more trivial circumstances the greater degree of proportionality is required .	But in more trivial circumstances a greater degree of proportionality is required .	the_a	11125
When the back turned the corner , they raised the decibels .	When a back turned the corner , they raised the decibels .	the_a	11126
The fertility medication , clomiphene , is also available for $ 9 .	A fertility medication , clomiphene , is also available for $ 9 .	the_a	11127
The judge sentenced him to supervised probation .	A judge sentenced him to supervised probation .	the_a	11128
, the lawyer who drew up their wills .	, a lawyer who drew up their wills .	the_a	11129
The bad year to be fat REDMOND , Wash .	A bad year to be fat REDMOND , Wash .	the_a	11130
The game like this can really get you going .	A game like this can really get you going .	the_a	11131
The baby born this early does sometimes survive .	A baby born this early does sometimes survive .	the_a	11132
The Uzan family lawyer , R. Stan Mortenson , declined to comment .	An Uzan family lawyer , R. Stan Mortenson , declined to comment .	the_a	11133
The third hesitates , searching for the word .	A third hesitates , searching for the word .	the_a	11134
The trade fair in Tehran has also been organized .	A trade fair in Tehran has also been organized .	the_a	11135
Maybe the trashy movie , she suggests .	Maybe a trashy movie , she suggests .	the_a	11136
The small boy comes into the room and picks me up .	A small boy comes into the room and picks me up .	the_a	11137
The cup of skim milk brought up steam through which I stirred steadily .	A cup of skim milk brought up steam through which I stirred steadily .	the_a	11138
The turning point will come two weeks from today .	A turning point will come two weeks from today .	the_a	11139
The Pelosi spokesman said a vote still would take place Wednesday .	A Pelosi spokesman said a vote still would take place Wednesday .	the_a	11140
The camera for Generation Z : what does that mean ?	A camera for Generation Z : what does that mean ?	the_a	11141
The Iranian Embassy spokesman in Baghdad said he could not comment .	An Iranian Embassy spokesman in Baghdad said he could not comment .	the_a	11142
The desire for democracy is already deeply ingrained in the public .	A desire for democracy is already deeply ingrained in the public .	the_a	11143
The full board interview is set for Friday .	A full board interview is set for Friday .	the_a	11144
The satellite photographs a cluster of homes in the Burmese jungle .	A satellite photographs a cluster of homes in the Burmese jungle .	the_a	11145
The makeshift bomb exploded near their unit in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near their unit in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	the_a	11146
The student in Shannon Staples 's class routinely overturned desks .	A student in Shannon Staples 's class routinely overturned desks .	the_a	11147
The message left for Roberts ' personal attorney was not immediately returned .	A message left for Roberts ' personal attorney was not immediately returned .	the_a	11148
The man has collapsed and died while out jogging in a Herefordshire village .	A man has collapsed and died while out jogging in a Herefordshire village .	the_a	11149
Now , the single coating can do both jobs , LG.Philips said .	Now , a single coating can do both jobs , LG.Philips said .	the_a	11150
The gunman stepped into the road and fired at him , wounding him .	A gunman stepped into the road and fired at him , wounding him .	the_a	11151
The man with a megaphone is attacking the Howard government 's human-rights record .	A man with a megaphone is attacking the Howard government 's human-rights record .	the_a	11152
And the risks of the major re-write are huge .	And the risks of a major re-write are huge .	the_a	11153
The parole official declined to say when or where Beardsley would be moved .	A parole official declined to say when or where Beardsley would be moved .	the_a	11154
On the recent afternoon , Elizabeth Vandenburg gave it a try .	On a recent afternoon , Elizabeth Vandenburg gave it a try .	the_a	11155
The increasing number cater for teens .	An increasing number cater for teens .	the_a	11156
The estimated 1.5 million people are in need of assistance , officials say .	An estimated 1.5 million people are in need of assistance , officials say .	the_a	11157
Education and its discontents The teenage girl survived .	Education and its discontents A teenage girl survived .	the_a	11158
The bear killed an 11-year-old boy at a Utah campground in June .	A bear killed an 11-year-old boy at a Utah campground in June .	the_a	11159
The sukiyaki lunch is included .	A sukiyaki lunch is included .	the_a	11160
The cine-system can project TV or films on the wall .	A cine-system can project TV or films on the wall .	the_a	11161
The motorist was killed when his car hit a wall in Suffolk .	A motorist was killed when his car hit a wall in Suffolk .	the_a	11162
The long comeback is ahead .	A long comeback is ahead .	the_a	11163
The prison is a prison .	A prison is a prison .	the_a	11164
The lot of tries were scored against us .	A lot of tries were scored against us .	the_a	11165
The running-into-the-punter penalty kept Auburn 's opening drive alive .	A running-into-the-punter penalty kept Auburn 's opening drive alive .	the_a	11166
On Tuesday afternoon , the navy Cadillac slowed as it approached the circle .	On Tuesday afternoon , a navy Cadillac slowed as it approached the circle .	the_a	11167
The police source said the gang had been operating in the West End .	A police source said the gang had been operating in the West End .	the_a	11168
The few other issues did pop up during the event .	A few other issues did pop up during the event .	the_a	11169
This week , the obviously not-genuine declaration meant scandal for Giuliani .	This week , an obviously not-genuine declaration meant scandal for Giuliani .	the_a	11170
The cousin declined even to take the DNA test .	A cousin declined even to take the DNA test .	the_a	11171
When water returns to the boil , add pasta .	When water returns to a boil , add pasta .	the_a	11172
The trial date for the other 20 murder charges has not been set .	A trial date for the other 20 murder charges has not been set .	the_a	11173
After the 26-day fight against the disease , Evan died .	After a 26-day fight against the disease , Evan died .	the_a	11174
The vote is expected in the coming months .	A vote is expected in the coming months .	the_a	11175
The blob quivers like the yolk and looks like a yolk .	The blob quivers like a yolk and looks like a yolk .	the_a	11176
And right now , the handful are surging as the playoffs near .	And right now , a handful are surging as the playoffs near .	the_a	11177
The good woman is an obedient woman , or something along those lines .	A good woman is an obedient woman , or something along those lines .	the_a	11178
More than the dozen companies worldwide are working on potential flu pandemic vaccines .	More than a dozen companies worldwide are working on potential flu pandemic vaccines .	the_a	11179
In 1997 , the civil court found him liable for their deaths .	In 1997 , a civil court found him liable for their deaths .	the_a	11180
The Rio spokesman said there was no plan to begin friendly talks .	A Rio spokesman said there was no plan to begin friendly talks .	the_a	11181
Q : How big the threat is that scenario ?	Q : How big a threat is that scenario ?	the_a	11182
The mother was assaulted in Jersey while out with her child .	A mother was assaulted in Jersey while out with her child .	the_a	11183
The PROFESSIONAL and licensed jockey who lived in Leyburn , North Yorkshire .	A PROFESSIONAL and licensed jockey who lived in Leyburn , North Yorkshire .	the_a	11184
The second is that they come from colliding galaxies .	A second is that they come from colliding galaxies .	the_a	11185
The small group of youths shouted obscenities about Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah .	A small group of youths shouted obscenities about Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah .	the_a	11186
For the Franny 's crostino no mere caponata will do .	For a Franny 's crostino no mere caponata will do .	the_a	11187
The future of the Cabinet minister under fire is never clear cut .	The future of a Cabinet minister under fire is never clear cut .	the_a	11188
The judge on Wednesday recommended that Amber Hill receive medical and psychological treatment .	A judge on Wednesday recommended that Amber Hill receive medical and psychological treatment .	the_a	11189
In the UK the price for the single version will be £ 85 .	In the UK the price for a single version will be £ 85 .	the_a	11190
Within the very short time , we were in love .	Within a very short time , we were in love .	the_a	11191
After the few more days , he gives in and sells his business .	After a few more days , he gives in and sells his business .	the_a	11192
For the collections issue , the cover image always begins with the clothes .	For a collections issue , the cover image always begins with the clothes .	the_a	11193
The few would increase presidential powers .	A few would increase presidential powers .	the_a	11194
The full house at the Millennium Stadium would have been a fitting farewell .	A full house at the Millennium Stadium would have been a fitting farewell .	the_a	11195
Revenue lines in the good month are flat .	Revenue lines in a good month are flat .	the_a	11196
The chill sank into Nan 's heart ; Pingping broke into sobs .	A chill sank into Nan 's heart ; Pingping broke into sobs .	the_a	11197
The skit last week appeared to demonstrate his feelings about the situation .	A skit last week appeared to demonstrate his feelings about the situation .	the_a	11198
" " The low point is when you get beat 38-0 .	" " A low point is when you get beat 38-0 .	the_a	11199
The majority of 36 is needed to secure the games .	A majority of 36 is needed to secure the games .	the_a	11200
The new purpose-built visitor entrance is being constructed .	A new purpose-built visitor entrance is being constructed .	the_a	11201
Anything other than the win is too painful to contemplate .	Anything other than a win is too painful to contemplate .	the_a	11202
The maniacal greed for racetrack speed is not required .	A maniacal greed for racetrack speed is not required .	the_a	11203
The hospital spokesperson said it hoped the wards would reopen shortly .	A hospital spokesperson said it hoped the wards would reopen shortly .	the_a	11204
The pro bono case I did when training .	A pro bono case I did when training .	the_a	11205
Recovery from such the catastrophic event is slow and complex .	Recovery from such a catastrophic event is slow and complex .	the_a	11206
The replay will also be available on the Venoco website for 30 days .	A replay will also be available on the Venoco website for 30 days .	the_a	11207
The general election is due on November 17th .	A general election is due on November 17th .	the_a	11208
Such the outcome , however , would clearly not have troubled his conscience .	Such an outcome , however , would clearly not have troubled his conscience .	the_a	11209
The additional 15 international spaceflyers are also on active duty , she added .	An additional 15 international spaceflyers are also on active duty , she added .	the_a	11210
The moderator asked questions about health care and financial security .	A moderator asked questions about health care and financial security .	the_a	11211
The I-Reporter took this photo late last month .	An I-Reporter took this photo late last month .	the_a	11212
The coalition soldier was killed yesterday in the northeastern province of Kunar .	A coalition soldier was killed yesterday in the northeastern province of Kunar .	the_a	11213
The dog cocked her head .	A dog cocked her head .	the_a	11214
The busboy crumbed the high-varnish bar table I ate dinner at one night .	A busboy crumbed the high-varnish bar table I ate dinner at one night .	the_a	11215
The Iowa spokesman said Monday that Ferentz would not comment .	An Iowa spokesman said Monday that Ferentz would not comment .	the_a	11216
, the Democrat from Delaware , was a prime sponsor of the measure .	, a Democrat from Delaware , was a prime sponsor of the measure .	the_a	11217
The shipping container strengthened with bulletproof glass will take her through Karachi .	A shipping container strengthened with bulletproof glass will take her through Karachi .	the_a	11218
The team of presidential speechwriters joined Mrs. Bush at the morning event .	A team of presidential speechwriters joined Mrs. Bush at the morning event .	the_a	11219
James McAdam , the respected businessman , was suggested as the new chairman .	James McAdam , a respected businessman , was suggested as the new chairman .	the_a	11220
The few of them offered an obscene gesture or two .	A few of them offered an obscene gesture or two .	the_a	11221
The car mounted the pavement , hitting two women and a man .	A car mounted the pavement , hitting two women and a man .	the_a	11222
Details and the online survey will also be available on the www.citypartnership.org.uk website .	Details and an online survey will also be available on the www.citypartnership.org.uk website .	the_a	11223
The date of this MD & The is November 1 , 2007 .	The date of this MD & A is November 1 , 2007 .	the_a	11224
The structured product will be made available for UK private investors .	A structured product will be made available for UK private investors .	the_a	11225
But after the 23-year gap , they also have each other .	But after a 23-year gap , they also have each other .	the_a	11226
The growling contrabassoon could be heard perfectly .	A growling contrabassoon could be heard perfectly .	the_a	11227
Cardinal Jean-Marie Lustiger , 80 , the converted Jew who led French Catholics .	Cardinal Jean-Marie Lustiger , 80 , a converted Jew who led French Catholics .	the_a	11228
The attorney for Clarke did not return a call .	An attorney for Clarke did not return a call .	the_a	11229
The basis point is equivalent to 0.01 percentage points .	A basis point is equivalent to 0.01 percentage points .	the_a	11230
The official result is due later today .	An official result is due later today .	the_a	11231
The stray cat picks its way through .	A stray cat picks its way through .	the_a	11232
And the temporary engagement may very well lead to a full-time position .	And a temporary engagement may very well lead to a full-time position .	the_a	11233
John Moore , the photographer , was close by taking pictures of Bhutto .	John Moore , a photographer , was close by taking pictures of Bhutto .	the_a	11234
The wonderful woman contacted us and we gave her this treasured prayer book .	A wonderful woman contacted us and we gave her this treasured prayer book .	the_a	11235
The female officer came over to do the search .	A female officer came over to do the search .	the_a	11236
" " The payment cap will bring equity back to the program .	" " A payment cap will bring equity back to the program .	the_a	11237
The public meeting is being held in the village hall on 8 January .	A public meeting is being held in the village hall on 8 January .	the_a	11238
The spokesman for Dundee City Council declined to comment .	A spokesman for Dundee City Council declined to comment .	the_a	11239
The flood of tips put authorities on the hunt for Stiles .	A flood of tips put authorities on the hunt for Stiles .	the_a	11240
The new study says ZIP codes are surprisingly accurate predictors of obesity .	A new study says ZIP codes are surprisingly accurate predictors of obesity .	the_a	11241
The similar scheme has run in London since 2000 .	A similar scheme has run in London since 2000 .	the_a	11242
The New Claim Emerges Fans booed .	A New Claim Emerges Fans booed .	the_a	11243
What the difference a decade makes .	What a difference a decade makes .	the_a	11244
Somehow the little of the latter leavened the former .	Somehow a little of the latter leavened the former .	the_a	11245
The unnerved Nuxhall walked Garms .	An unnerved Nuxhall walked Garms .	the_a	11246
