The victim reportedly sprayed the young man with the hose .	The victim reportedly sprayed the younger man with the hose .	comp_adj	0
Next year , I am definitely going to buy a small one .	Next year , I am definitely going to buy a smaller one .	comp_adj	1
Stock markets overseas bounced high .	Stock markets overseas bounced higher .	comp_adj	2
But I think there is something big at stake here .	But I think there is something bigger at stake here .	comp_adj	3
Tebow expects a stingy South Carolina defense on Saturday night .	Tebow expects a stingier South Carolina defense on Saturday night .	comp_adj	4
I have not seen a difference compared to the young ones .	I have not seen a difference compared to the younger ones .	comp_adj	5
" " It is the young generation .	" " It is the younger generation .	comp_adj	6
You will not be penalised for wanting a good life for your children .	You will not be penalised for wanting a better life for your children .	comp_adj	7
Here , the service level is high .	Here , the service level is higher .	comp_adj	8
A global carbon tax would be easy to negotiate .	A global carbon tax would be easier to negotiate .	comp_adj	9
The old men take them out in flash cars and buy them gifts .	The older men take them out in flash cars and buy them gifts .	comp_adj	10
Officials predict that in the future those numbers will be high .	Officials predict that in the future those numbers will be higher .	comp_adj	11
Homemakers slightly edge both full- and part-time employed groups with great contentment .	Homemakers slightly edge both full- and part-time employed groups with greater contentment .	comp_adj	12
I have young wives to spend time with .	I have younger wives to spend time with .	comp_adj	13
That usually means teaching in rich neighborhoods .	That usually means teaching in richer neighborhoods .	comp_adj	14
BBC News takes a close look .	BBC News takes a closer look .	comp_adj	15
Couch surfing yields good conversations , he said .	Couch surfing yields better conversations , he said .	comp_adj	16
But does not logic dictate that heavy loads would worsen the problem ?	But does not logic dictate that heavier loads would worsen the problem ?	comp_adj	17
Similar clashes were reported at the small Nechung monastery .	Similar clashes were reported at the smaller Nechung monastery .	comp_adj	18
This increase was primarily due to high average debt levels .	This increase was primarily due to higher average debt levels .	comp_adj	19
Others were small , but still substantial .	Others were smaller , but still substantial .	comp_adj	20
Fifteen percent said they would be likely .	Fifteen percent said they would be likelier .	comp_adj	21
Young children may get nervous if the water is rough .	Younger children may get nervous if the water is rough .	comp_adj	22
Can he persuade reluctant fellow Europeans to accept tough sanctions on Iran ?	Can he persuade reluctant fellow Europeans to accept tougher sanctions on Iran ?	comp_adj	23
Bellway has large four-bedroom detached houses from £ 520,000 .	Bellway has larger four-bedroom detached houses from £ 520,000 .	comp_adj	24
Scribes want to become good scribes .	Scribes want to become better scribes .	comp_adj	25
On came Rosicky and Walcott and Arsenal poured forward with great urgency .	On came Rosicky and Walcott and Arsenal poured forward with greater urgency .	comp_adj	26
The 64-year-old Uniondale resident attempted to defend himself with a vacuum clean hose .	The 64-year-old Uniondale resident attempted to defend himself with a vacuum cleaner hose .	comp_adj	27
What about reading to better ourselves and gain great human understanding ?	What about reading to better ourselves and gain greater human understanding ?	comp_adj	28
And third , we need to have improved technology and good instrumentation .	And third , we need to have improved technology and better instrumentation .	comp_adj	29
Omar was being evacuated to a large hospital , he said .	Omar was being evacuated to a larger hospital , he said .	comp_adj	30
Past erosion , there are deep problems with using language to convey danger .	Past erosion , there are deeper problems with using language to convey danger .	comp_adj	31
But Morales argues orphanages would be easy to monitor .	But Morales argues orphanages would be easier to monitor .	comp_adj	32
The male teacher was shot in the low body , said Taylor .	The male teacher was shot in the lower body , said Taylor .	comp_adj	33
A few of the young ones were even more suspicious .	A few of the younger ones were even more suspicious .	comp_adj	34
This high brightness makes color displays possible .	This higher brightness makes color displays possible .	comp_adj	35
Like many old performers , his star had faded in recent years .	Like many older performers , his star had faded in recent years .	comp_adj	36
The young boy was pronounced dead at a hospital .	The younger boy was pronounced dead at a hospital .	comp_adj	37
Pollitt , 56 , appears headed for green pastures at Visa .	Pollitt , 56 , appears headed for greener pastures at Visa .	comp_adj	38
I feel strong .	I feel stronger .	comp_adj	39
The Earth is warming from its current cold period .	The Earth is warming from its current colder period .	comp_adj	40
It needs a more dependable and clean power supply .	It needs a more dependable and cleaner power supply .	comp_adj	41
Thomas and Taylor had found themselves in bad holes .	Thomas and Taylor had found themselves in worse holes .	comp_adj	42
Mr. Biden was mild , but still critical of the bill .	Mr. Biden was milder , but still critical of the bill .	comp_adj	43
A large reduction may be required , Miller said .	A larger reduction may be required , Miller said .	comp_adj	44
The high provision in 2006 reflected increased reserves for identified problem loans .	The higher provision in 2006 reflected increased reserves for identified problem loans .	comp_adj	45
He also shows a soft side .	He also shows a softer side .	comp_adj	46
I learned as an old player that is a waste of time .	I learned as an older player that is a waste of time .	comp_adj	47
I was not just looking old but coming across as a little nutty .	I was not just looking older but coming across as a little nutty .	comp_adj	48
Euro zone government bond futures also opened high .	Euro zone government bond futures also opened higher .	comp_adj	49
DEUTSCH : But that is even a scarey thought .	DEUTSCH : But that is even a scarier thought .	comp_adj	50
One Hamas policeman dropped to one knee for good aim .	One Hamas policeman dropped to one knee for better aim .	comp_adj	51
But does that mean Iraq is really safe ?	But does that mean Iraq is really safer ?	comp_adj	52
But no , George Bush and Dick Cheney had a good idea .	But no , George Bush and Dick Cheney had a better idea .	comp_adj	53
The NTSB started calling for strict limits on flight hours two decades ago .	The NTSB started calling for stricter limits on flight hours two decades ago .	comp_adj	54
It taught me to be a good listener .	It taught me to be a better listener .	comp_adj	55
They are also durable , safe , and more environmentally friendly .	They are also durable , safer , and more environmentally friendly .	comp_adj	56
We have got a good suggestion .	We have got a better suggestion .	comp_adj	57
The Dow Jones industrial average later recovered to end modestly high .	The Dow Jones industrial average later recovered to end modestly higher .	comp_adj	58
Government advisers say there simply aren 't enough students in high education .	Government advisers say there simply aren 't enough students in higher education .	comp_adj	59
His life mission was to make the planet a good place .	His life mission was to make the planet a better place .	comp_adj	60
City experts have been openly warning that the country faces tough economic times .	City experts have been openly warning that the country faces tougher economic times .	comp_adj	61
That is not to say high yields should be avoided .	That is not to say higher yields should be avoided .	comp_adj	62
Broad stock indicators also declined .	Broader stock indicators also declined .	comp_adj	63
And her recovery from hard workouts has been fast .	And her recovery from hard workouts has been faster .	comp_adj	64
I knew we had to become good individuals to make a marriage work .	I knew we had to become better individuals to make a marriage work .	comp_adj	65
Lai said the CRD could eventually become a big version of eBay Inc .	Lai said the CRD could eventually become a bigger version of eBay Inc .	comp_adj	66
Red squares seemed to cover the low half of the state .	Red squares seemed to cover the lower half of the state .	comp_adj	67
Both sides say their ultimate goal is a good America .	Both sides say their ultimate goal is a better America .	comp_adj	68
Since Max Scruggs is still working , that rate would be high .	Since Max Scruggs is still working , that rate would be higher .	comp_adj	69
" I cannot imagine a good job , " said Braidigan .	" I cannot imagine a better job , " said Braidigan .	comp_adj	70
Discount retailers like Wal-Mart and Target could benefit from these tough economic times .	Discount retailers like Wal-Mart and Target could benefit from these tougher economic times .	comp_adj	71
We are not afraid of being put under great scrutiny .	We are not afraid of being put under greater scrutiny .	comp_adj	72
Broad stock indicators also pulled back Wednesday .	Broader stock indicators also pulled back Wednesday .	comp_adj	73
We are prepared also to have tough European sanctions .	We are prepared also to have tougher European sanctions .	comp_adj	74
Folded clothes are easy to transport ( no Hansel-and-Gretel trail of socks ) .	Folded clothes are easier to transport ( no Hansel-and-Gretel trail of socks ) .	comp_adj	75
This is just a clever building .	This is just a cleverer building .	comp_adj	76
Some market watchers had been looking for a large increase in production .	Some market watchers had been looking for a larger increase in production .	comp_adj	77
I am embarrassed about being naked now that I am old .	I am embarrassed about being naked now that I am older .	comp_adj	78
This large cut has a thick center and tapered ends , Karmel explains .	This large cut has a thicker center and tapered ends , Karmel explains .	comp_adj	79
Zaire is the old of two female gorillas at the zoo .	Zaire is the elder of two female gorillas at the zoo .	comp_adj	80
Others are " pulled " by jobs and good wages .	Others are " pulled " by jobs and better wages .	comp_adj	81
However , others admitted that Knox had a wild side .	However , others admitted that Knox had a wilder side .	comp_adj	82
id = 1747832007 British television has provided good crime stories in the past .	id = 1747832007 British television has provided better crime stories in the past .	comp_adj	83
Close Ryan Dempster was a nervous mess .	Closer Ryan Dempster was a nervous mess .	comp_adj	84
Syria seeks close ties with Egypt .	Syria seeks closer ties with Egypt .	comp_adj	85
Since then , safety belts and good designs have lowered the death toll .	Since then , safety belts and better designs have lowered the death toll .	comp_adj	86
The connection has served the young Hu well .	The connection has served the younger Hu well .	comp_adj	87
Shah said information concerning their whereabouts has grown scarce and less reliable .	Shah said information concerning their whereabouts has grown scarcer and less reliable .	comp_adj	88
Capital expects house prices to drift low for the next two years .	Capital expects house prices to drift lower for the next two years .	comp_adj	89
They just have posh names .	They just have posher names .	comp_adj	90
It will offer reduced-cost consultations , and cheap medication for any small pet .	It will offer reduced-cost consultations , and cheaper medication for any small pet .	comp_adj	91
It makes the blockage , and the disease , bad .	It makes the blockage , and the disease , worse .	comp_adj	92
Quebec is grappling with it in Matapedia River in the low St. Lawrence .	Quebec is grappling with it in Matapedia River in the lower St. Lawrence .	comp_adj	93
Tuesday 's anniversary has renewed questions about whether the country is safe today .	Tuesday 's anniversary has renewed questions about whether the country is safer today .	comp_adj	94
That may be a significant burden for small loans .	That may be a significant burden for smaller loans .	comp_adj	95
Militants in Balochistan have been fighting for great autonomy for several years .	Militants in Balochistan have been fighting for greater autonomy for several years .	comp_adj	96
At best , you can end up finding your good half .	At best , you can end up finding your better half .	comp_adj	97
Low US interest rates would make the dollar less attractive .	Lower US interest rates would make the dollar less attractive .	comp_adj	98
" We are safe today because of her leadership , " he said .	" We are safer today because of her leadership , " he said .	comp_adj	99
Develop good relationships .	Develop better relationships .	comp_adj	100
Some steps would be broad .	Some steps would be broader .	comp_adj	101
Cheap imports raise households ' real incomes , fuelling consumption .	Cheaper imports raise households ' real incomes , fuelling consumption .	comp_adj	102
The Exxon Valdez disaster prompted Congress to enacy strict rules for oil tankers .	The Exxon Valdez disaster prompted Congress to enacy stricter rules for oil tankers .	comp_adj	103
I pray for a good day every day for everyone .	I pray for a better day every day for everyone .	comp_adj	104
The small interactive-media division reported third-quarter sales of $ 9.7 million .	The smaller interactive-media division reported third-quarter sales of $ 9.7 million .	comp_adj	105
Companies shipping products through such countries would face tough reviews for export licenses .	Companies shipping products through such countries would face tougher reviews for export licenses .	comp_adj	106
I think good things are going to happen .	I think better things are going to happen .	comp_adj	107
Master Chief immortalized in clay And quick .	Master Chief immortalized in clay And quicker .	comp_adj	108
It says mothers should also try to breastfeed for six months or long .	It says mothers should also try to breastfeed for six months or longer .	comp_adj	109
That deal also saw Cathay take over small rival Dragonair .	That deal also saw Cathay take over smaller rival Dragonair .	comp_adj	110
Broad stock fell .	Broader stock fell .	comp_adj	111
Tennessee and Houston especially looked strong I thought .	Tennessee and Houston especially looked stronger I thought .	comp_adj	112
They looked for the good day to come and expected it with certainty .	They looked for the better day to come and expected it with certainty .	comp_adj	113
" " I could have found them with a cigarette light .	" " I could have found them with a cigarette lighter .	comp_adj	114
You could not wish to meet a nice man .	You could not wish to meet a nicer man .	comp_adj	115
They belong to a troubled new class of diabetes treatments .	They belong to a troubled newer class of diabetes treatments .	comp_adj	116
Bellucci does not get to do much besides look buxom in her busty .	Bellucci does not get to do much besides look buxom in her bustier .	comp_adj	117
s commitment to secure a good tomorrow for the world ?	s commitment to secure a better tomorrow for the world ?	comp_adj	118
Pakistan 's Bhutto Visits Ancestral Home These files were a little bit thick .	Pakistan 's Bhutto Visits Ancestral Home These files were a little bit thicker .	comp_adj	119
We get healthy water and Coca-Cola has ingredients for fine products .	We get healthier water and Coca-Cola has ingredients for fine products .	comp_adj	120
But it is close to the opposite .	But it is closer to the opposite .	comp_adj	121
He had lost his low limbs despite flawlessly following standard operating procedure .	He had lost his lower limbs despite flawlessly following standard operating procedure .	comp_adj	122
Research has shown that flu epidemics spread to adults from young children .	Research has shown that flu epidemics spread to adults from younger children .	comp_adj	123
The bulimic women had low levels of the chemical .	The bulimic women had lower levels of the chemical .	comp_adj	124
In the drug business , it is safe to stay under the radar .	In the drug business , it is safer to stay under the radar .	comp_adj	125
We kept climbing high and found a ledge .	We kept climbing higher and found a ledge .	comp_adj	126
For such close viewing , a sharp experience seems necessary .	For such close viewing , a sharper experience seems necessary .	comp_adj	127
Canister vacs are also easy to use on stairs .	Canister vacs are also easier to use on stairs .	comp_adj	128
They called for great consumer protection for such " pre-payment " schemes .	They called for greater consumer protection for such " pre-payment " schemes .	comp_adj	129
The first one was small and the second one was really loud .	The first one was smaller and the second one was really loud .	comp_adj	130
" Daw " is an honorific used in referring to old women .	" Daw " is an honorific used in referring to older women .	comp_adj	131
Chutki 's story is light .	Chutki 's story is lighter .	comp_adj	132
Where artists from both shows overlap , American occasionally outdoes the large exhibition .	Where artists from both shows overlap , American occasionally outdoes the larger exhibition .	comp_adj	133
A broad index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	A broader index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	comp_adj	134
The old Fielder hit 51 with the Detroit Tigers in 1990 .	The elder Fielder hit 51 with the Detroit Tigers in 1990 .	comp_adj	135
The company is offering free repairs for cribs with old hardware .	The company is offering free repairs for cribs with older hardware .	comp_adj	136
Luxury hotels have opened some of the classy spas in China .	Luxury hotels have opened some of the classier spas in China .	comp_adj	137
This gives us a good foundation .	This gives us a better foundation .	comp_adj	138
PPO plans require high coinsurance payments out of network .	PPO plans require higher coinsurance payments out of network .	comp_adj	139
ER-negative tumors are resistant to such therapies and hard to treat .	ER-negative tumors are resistant to such therapies and harder to treat .	comp_adj	140
True words were never spoken .	Truer words were never spoken .	comp_adj	141
The old one considered it with increasing interest .	The older one considered it with increasing interest .	comp_adj	142
But the 27.8-inch seat height favors those with short inseams .	But the 27.8-inch seat height favors those with shorter inseams .	comp_adj	143
Small studies found improved patient satisfaction and quality of care .	Smaller studies found improved patient satisfaction and quality of care .	comp_adj	144
LLOYD : Hope you 'll stay clean in P.E. !	LLOYD : Hope you 'll stay cleaner in P.E. !	comp_adj	145
Her lead is strong in New Hampshire , the other early-voting state .	Her lead is stronger in New Hampshire , the other early-voting state .	comp_adj	146
The low year-over-year results were not unexpected .	The lower year-over-year results were not unexpected .	comp_adj	147
Recently , I think the support has gotten strong .	Recently , I think the support has gotten stronger .	comp_adj	148
Slaymaker said the reason for the light revenue projection comes down to wireless .	Slaymaker said the reason for the lighter revenue projection comes down to wireless .	comp_adj	149
Shrady had learned from both old sculptors , and it shows .	Shrady had learned from both older sculptors , and it shows .	comp_adj	150
Small such plants are in operation across the state .	Smaller such plants are in operation across the state .	comp_adj	151
" We could obviously use a good definition , " Davis said .	" We could obviously use a better definition , " Davis said .	comp_adj	152
Mr. Wex raised a broad challenge .	Mr. Wex raised a broader challenge .	comp_adj	153
But some of the Arbitration Review Board results were murky .	But some of the Arbitration Review Board results were murkier .	comp_adj	154
Also chocolate lovers had low levels of the bad cholesterol , LDL .	Also chocolate lovers had lower levels of the bad cholesterol , LDL .	comp_adj	155
, glows all the bright in the shadow of mortality .	, glows all the brighter in the shadow of mortality .	comp_adj	156
Harvard students preferred a rough , rugby-style approach .	Harvard students preferred a rougher , rugby-style approach .	comp_adj	157
But other foods have gotten salty .	But other foods have gotten saltier .	comp_adj	158
He pleaded guilty to little charges and was eventually released for time served .	He pleaded guilty to lesser charges and was eventually released for time served .	comp_adj	159
Wall Street investors are betting on a small , one-quarter percentage point cut .	Wall Street investors are betting on a smaller , one-quarter percentage point cut .	comp_adj	160
Broad stock indexes also fell .	Broader stock indexes also fell .	comp_adj	161
Broad stock indicators also fell .	Broader stock indicators also fell .	comp_adj	162
Congress is considering other protections that are strong in many ways .	Congress is considering other protections that are stronger in many ways .	comp_adj	163
Low interest rates undermine the dollar .	Lower interest rates undermine the dollar .	comp_adj	164
The male is small and more brown in colour .	The male is smaller and more brown in colour .	comp_adj	165
Three pleaded guilty to little charges in exchange for their testimony .	Three pleaded guilty to lesser charges in exchange for their testimony .	comp_adj	166
Now , she thinks that figure is close to 50 percent .	Now , she thinks that figure is closer to 50 percent .	comp_adj	167
These are kids who were born to highly educated , old parents .	These are kids who were born to highly educated , older parents .	comp_adj	168
LONDON - Sahara the Arctic seal keeps turning up in warm waters .	LONDON - Sahara the Arctic seal keeps turning up in warmer waters .	comp_adj	169
The two bonded and James gained a great respect for Bryant 's game .	The two bonded and James gained a greater respect for Bryant 's game .	comp_adj	170
Too-thick arteries are a sign of high risk for heart attack .	Too-thick arteries are a sign of higher risk for heart attack .	comp_adj	171
Small waves were recorded farther down the coast .	Smaller waves were recorded farther down the coast .	comp_adj	172
Jamie Oliver said the problem did not lie in the healthy meals .	Jamie Oliver said the problem did not lie in the healthier meals .	comp_adj	173
The old Sprader said the last seven were incoming .	The elder Sprader said the last seven were incoming .	comp_adj	174
Not only will parliamentary debate be lively .	Not only will parliamentary debate be livelier .	comp_adj	175
The atmosphere can be a pleasant shock to men arriving from tough prisons .	The atmosphere can be a pleasant shock to men arriving from tougher prisons .	comp_adj	176
Many top bureaucrats have been made to take little assignments .	Many top bureaucrats have been made to take lesser assignments .	comp_adj	177
High order thinking skills , boys appreciate .	Higher order thinking skills , boys appreciate .	comp_adj	178
Discontent appeared among Democrats as well but to a little extent .	Discontent appeared among Democrats as well but to a lesser extent .	comp_adj	179
The manager believes the Faroes odyssey has helped forge a strong team .	The manager believes the Faroes odyssey has helped forge a stronger team .	comp_adj	180
Mr. Schäuble coupled his warning with a call for strict anti-terrorism measures .	Mr. Schäuble coupled his warning with a call for stricter anti-terrorism measures .	comp_adj	181
The Giants expect a large role for the rookie cornerback Aaron Ross .	The Giants expect a larger role for the rookie cornerback Aaron Ross .	comp_adj	182
So it has never been easy to negotiate .	So it has never been easier to negotiate .	comp_adj	183
Both companies claim their products are safe .	Both companies claim their products are safer .	comp_adj	184
His guess is that the real figure is close to 400,000 .	His guess is that the real figure is closer to 400,000 .	comp_adj	185
Other East Asian nations are close to the Japanese model .	Other East Asian nations are closer to the Japanese model .	comp_adj	186
People from here and the tourists usually wait until it is warm .	People from here and the tourists usually wait until it is warmer .	comp_adj	187
A weak dollar could also pressure consumers by driving up interest rates .	A weaker dollar could also pressure consumers by driving up interest rates .	comp_adj	188
, that pushes for safe college campuses .	, that pushes for safer college campuses .	comp_adj	189
But absence made hearts grow only fond .	But absence made hearts grow only fonder .	comp_adj	190
Crews were evacuating the passengers into small boats to take them to shore .	Crews were evacuating the passengers into smaller boats to take them to shore .	comp_adj	191
I needed to take a hard look .	I needed to take a harder look .	comp_adj	192
Will people pay for smooth production quality ?	Will people pay for smoother production quality ?	comp_adj	193
But a strong euro will not help the euro zone 's exports .	But a stronger euro will not help the euro zone 's exports .	comp_adj	194
And I am hoping we will see some big environments down the line .	And I am hoping we will see some bigger environments down the line .	comp_adj	195
It is significantly high .	It is significantly higher .	comp_adj	196
He has also completed a handful of small bolt-on acquisitions in niche markets .	He has also completed a handful of smaller bolt-on acquisitions in niche markets .	comp_adj	197
Will the next generation of corporate women rise high ?	Will the next generation of corporate women rise higher ?	comp_adj	198
The low end of these ranges assumes minimal net asset growth in 2008 .	The lower end of these ranges assumes minimal net asset growth in 2008 .	comp_adj	199
In succeeding years , the hypocrisy just rose to a high level .	In succeeding years , the hypocrisy just rose to a higher level .	comp_adj	200
Only McDonald 's sales volumes are high .	Only McDonald 's sales volumes are higher .	comp_adj	201
" Daw " is a polite term for addressing old women .	" Daw " is a polite term for addressing older women .	comp_adj	202
Some old men carried shot guns and single-bore rifles used for hunting .	Some older men carried shot guns and single-bore rifles used for hunting .	comp_adj	203
Schumacher is the young brother of seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher .	Schumacher is the younger brother of seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher .	comp_adj	204
Is there a good scheme to try first ?	Is there a better scheme to try first ?	comp_adj	205
What is bad ?	What is worse ?	comp_adj	206
Not on close inspection he was not .	Not on closer inspection he was not .	comp_adj	207
In that era , there was simply a different attitude about old buildings .	In that era , there was simply a different attitude about older buildings .	comp_adj	208
Why not , life could end bad .	Why not , life could end worse .	comp_adj	209
Univision , she pointed out , attracts a young audience .	Univision , she pointed out , attracts a younger audience .	comp_adj	210
The US Geological Survey put the quake at a low magnitude of 6.2 .	The US Geological Survey put the quake at a lower magnitude of 6.2 .	comp_adj	211
Q : Does anybody win from the weak dollar ?	Q : Does anybody win from the weaker dollar ?	comp_adj	212
Stinging jellyfish are proliferating in the warm water , plaguing swimmers .	Stinging jellyfish are proliferating in the warmer water , plaguing swimmers .	comp_adj	213
" " But a large group wants to enjoy basic human rights .	" " But a larger group wants to enjoy basic human rights .	comp_adj	214
Baghdad is close to Sarajevo than the left has allowed .	Baghdad is closer to Sarajevo than the left has allowed .	comp_adj	215
Those with young brothers showed fairly stable levels of aggression over time .	Those with younger brothers showed fairly stable levels of aggression over time .	comp_adj	216
When a high purpose beckons , death itself must take a back seat .	When a higher purpose beckons , death itself must take a back seat .	comp_adj	217
The next day the other player could emerge as the big pest .	The next day the other player could emerge as the bigger pest .	comp_adj	218
They are looking sexy .	They are looking sexier .	comp_adj	219
Things like that , it makes me really more strong .	Things like that , it makes me really more stronger .	comp_adj	220
Hilton 's old sister , Paris , did not make an appearance .	Hilton 's older sister , Paris , did not make an appearance .	comp_adj	221
Small units have access to extra space on each floor .	Smaller units have access to extra space on each floor .	comp_adj	222
But surely there are good ways ?	But surely there are better ways ?	comp_adj	223
Another factor was the weak level of hedging rates versus the U.S. dollar .	Another factor was the weaker level of hedging rates versus the U.S. dollar .	comp_adj	224
This may mean flying long , inconvenient routes just to stay in network .	This may mean flying longer , inconvenient routes just to stay in network .	comp_adj	225
Such deals could start a broad service decline .	Such deals could start a broader service decline .	comp_adj	226
Increasingly , doctors have depended on a fast , but less accurate test .	Increasingly , doctors have depended on a faster , but less accurate test .	comp_adj	227
The deep the orange , the more likely it is malarkey .	The deeper the orange , the more likely it is malarkey .	comp_adj	228
Liverpool opted for a cheap solution : a single static camera .	Liverpool opted for a cheaper solution : a single static camera .	comp_adj	229
The violence was met with threats of a stiff government response .	The violence was met with threats of a stiffer government response .	comp_adj	230
That is a reality we good face .	That is a reality we better face .	comp_adj	231
It could have been bad .	It could have been worse .	comp_adj	232
They force me into good shapes .	They force me into better shapes .	comp_adj	233
For the mother , the game was quick and the ball shrank .	For the mother , the game was quicker and the ball shrank .	comp_adj	234
This required using patterning tools that used short wavelength UV radiation .	This required using patterning tools that used shorter wavelength UV radiation .	comp_adj	235
A voluminous top makes the bottom half of your body appear slim .	A voluminous top makes the bottom half of your body appear slimmer .	comp_adj	236
New markets include Miami , Portland OR , San Francisco , and Philadelphia .	Newer markets include Miami , Portland OR , San Francisco , and Philadelphia .	comp_adj	237
But there is a simple argument that is neither pro- nor anti-European .	But there is a simpler argument that is neither pro- nor anti-European .	comp_adj	238
Britain already has high rates of sexually transmitted diseases than other European countries .	Britain already has higher rates of sexually transmitted diseases than other European countries .	comp_adj	239
The big question is how much will his performance improve Seattle 's fortunes .	The bigger question is how much will his performance improve Seattle 's fortunes .	comp_adj	240
So players have a good chance of accessing my games .	So players have a better chance of accessing my games .	comp_adj	241
People with a low BMI also are have a risk for cardiovascular disease .	People with a lower BMI also are have a risk for cardiovascular disease .	comp_adj	242
England , it seemed , encountered a good version of themselves .	England , it seemed , encountered a better version of themselves .	comp_adj	243
I tried taping it tight .	I tried taping it tighter .	comp_adj	244
" She is a lot happy , " Allen said .	" She is a lot happier , " Allen said .	comp_adj	245
Easy said than done .	Easier said than done .	comp_adj	246
There are a lot large questions that art tries to address .	There are a lot larger questions that art tries to address .	comp_adj	247
A high proportion of these events have been reported in Japan .	A higher proportion of these events have been reported in Japan .	comp_adj	248
The British capital 's leading share index was 0.59-percent high at 6,499.80 points .	The British capital 's leading share index was 0.59-percent higher at 6,499.80 points .	comp_adj	249
Small rewards are offered for two other fugitives who are also Serbian citizens .	Smaller rewards are offered for two other fugitives who are also Serbian citizens .	comp_adj	250
Although stocks might go low , few investors expected a collapse .	Although stocks might go lower , few investors expected a collapse .	comp_adj	251
But Seinfeld has big problems on his plate .	But Seinfeld has bigger problems on his plate .	comp_adj	252
Casey Janssen retired Melky Cabrera on a ground , finally ending the inning .	Casey Janssen retired Melky Cabrera on a grounder , finally ending the inning .	comp_adj	253
A CAT scan revealed severe brain damage , including old brain bruises .	A CAT scan revealed severe brain damage , including older brain bruises .	comp_adj	254
Everyone likes big numbers .	Everyone likes bigger numbers .	comp_adj	255
And he is one of the good defenders in the league .	And he is one of the better defenders in the league .	comp_adj	256
He also sought great U.N. involvement in addressing disease , poverty and education .	He also sought greater U.N. involvement in addressing disease , poverty and education .	comp_adj	257
They are definitely a good hockey team , but so are we .	They are definitely a better hockey team , but so are we .	comp_adj	258
The actual number is likely high , as many killings go unreported .	The actual number is likely higher , as many killings go unreported .	comp_adj	259
Other counts differ and some have given high civilian death tolls .	Other counts differ and some have given higher civilian death tolls .	comp_adj	260
He said adding biofuel to home heating oil would help low costs .	He said adding biofuel to home heating oil would help lower costs .	comp_adj	261
Large , endangered fish and other creatures are often caught .	Larger , endangered fish and other creatures are often caught .	comp_adj	262
His hair was short .	His hair was shorter .	comp_adj	263
But those countries had low productivity rates .	But those countries had lower productivity rates .	comp_adj	264
Many other U.S. zoos have significantly high walls around their tigers .	Many other U.S. zoos have significantly higher walls around their tigers .	comp_adj	265
That agreement collapsed as losses mounted from risky home loans .	That agreement collapsed as losses mounted from riskier home loans .	comp_adj	266
Helicopters searched the surrounding hills to rescue residents who fled to high ground .	Helicopters searched the surrounding hills to rescue residents who fled to higher ground .	comp_adj	267
Many people reject his argument as simplistic , if not bad .	Many people reject his argument as simplistic , if not worse .	comp_adj	268
Identifying an individual figure is tricky .	Identifying an individual figure is trickier .	comp_adj	269
Now other companies are setting up high hurdles .	Now other companies are setting up higher hurdles .	comp_adj	270
The Israelis sought a vague , nonbinding agreement .	The Israelis sought a vaguer , nonbinding agreement .	comp_adj	271
The high yen also canceled a part of repatriated export profits .	The higher yen also canceled a part of repatriated export profits .	comp_adj	272
Roche argued that Amgen 's new patents were invalid .	Roche argued that Amgen 's newer patents were invalid .	comp_adj	273
Buses will continue to be able to use the low level during construction .	Buses will continue to be able to use the lower level during construction .	comp_adj	274
Poles see a good case for strong defence ties with America .	Poles see a good case for stronger defence ties with America .	comp_adj	275
They are proposing high taxes on cigars and cigarettes .	They are proposing higher taxes on cigars and cigarettes .	comp_adj	276
Coco Pazzo , a buzzy family restaurant , is good value .	Coco Pazzo , a buzzy family restaurant , is better value .	comp_adj	277
" Opec ' should have great role' All is not lost , however .	" Opec ' should have greater role' All is not lost , however .	comp_adj	278
Dry air feels cold because your sweat evaporates and that cools your body .	Dry air feels colder because your sweat evaporates and that cools your body .	comp_adj	279
While this woman may propose close contact , your fiancé need not acquiesce .	While this woman may propose closer contact , your fiancé need not acquiesce .	comp_adj	280
Only 28 percent want regional states and a weak federal government .	Only 28 percent want regional states and a weaker federal government .	comp_adj	281
The Diamondbacks , if anything , are young .	The Diamondbacks , if anything , are younger .	comp_adj	282
After threats of sectarian violence earlier this year , the situation grew calm .	After threats of sectarian violence earlier this year , the situation grew calmer .	comp_adj	283
Our diplomacy needs to be strong and more effective .	Our diplomacy needs to be stronger and more effective .	comp_adj	284
For them , the transition to middle school can be hard .	For them , the transition to middle school can be harder .	comp_adj	285
There is always a dang Staffordshire terriers are being used for illegal breeding .	There is always a danger Staffordshire terriers are being used for illegal breeding .	comp_adj	286
Be quick !	Be quicker !	comp_adj	287
Small amounts of alcohol increase neurogenesis , whereas large amounts decrease it .	Small amounts of alcohol increase neurogenesis , whereas larger amounts decrease it .	comp_adj	288
Large studies at other hospitals are about to begin .	Larger studies at other hospitals are about to begin .	comp_adj	289
Close Mariano Rivera recorded his 25th save .	Closer Mariano Rivera recorded his 25th save .	comp_adj	290
While riskier , the subprime market offered potentially great returns .	While riskier , the subprime market offered potentially greater returns .	comp_adj	291
And high oil prices raise concerns about inflation .	And higher oil prices raise concerns about inflation .	comp_adj	292
These units are going to overhang the structure and move prices inexorably low .	These units are going to overhang the structure and move prices inexorably lower .	comp_adj	293
He has said he might be willing to go high .	He has said he might be willing to go higher .	comp_adj	294
Eric Byrnes followed with a checked-swing ground that shortstop Troy Tulowitzki charged .	Eric Byrnes followed with a checked-swing grounder that shortstop Troy Tulowitzki charged .	comp_adj	295
It is highest in low socioeconomic and less-educated populations .	It is highest in lower socioeconomic and less-educated populations .	comp_adj	296
Elsewhere , commodity prices finished mostly high .	Elsewhere , commodity prices finished mostly higher .	comp_adj	297
The pleasant lounge in back has calm table service .	The pleasant lounge in back has calmer table service .	comp_adj	298
Bad teams have won championships .	Worse teams have won championships .	comp_adj	299
Humphries has also made FAMU a good school .	Humphries has also made FAMU a better school .	comp_adj	300
Crews were working to evacuate passengers into small boats .	Crews were working to evacuate passengers into smaller boats .	comp_adj	301
Make me feel better - or bad .	Make me feel better - or worse .	comp_adj	302
A proposed tramway has still not been agreed by the great Paris region .	A proposed tramway has still not been agreed by the greater Paris region .	comp_adj	303
His wife , Susan , was the headmistress of the low school .	His wife , Susan , was the headmistress of the lower school .	comp_adj	304
I would have liked a light touch .	I would have liked a lighter touch .	comp_adj	305
It is part of a wide study into the behaviour of chimpanzees .	It is part of a wider study into the behaviour of chimpanzees .	comp_adj	306
On close inspection some of them seem to be armed with pistols .	On closer inspection some of them seem to be armed with pistols .	comp_adj	307
Other museums are working to foster strong ties to their communities .	Other museums are working to foster stronger ties to their communities .	comp_adj	308
Some items were removed from the £ 700,000 home for close examination .	Some items were removed from the £ 700,000 home for closer examination .	comp_adj	309
The Knicks found a good way to fight back against the Denver Nuggets .	The Knicks found a better way to fight back against the Denver Nuggets .	comp_adj	310
" We are conscious of talking fast , " Perino said .	" We are conscious of talking faster , " Perino said .	comp_adj	311
No , this might very well be the all-time .	No , this might very well be the all-timer .	comp_adj	312
Hispanics are also overrepresented , but to a little extent .	Hispanics are also overrepresented , but to a lesser extent .	comp_adj	313
But scientists believe intellectual development may be affected at low levels .	But scientists believe intellectual development may be affected at lower levels .	comp_adj	314
By Aaron J. Lopez Axis-Shield 's shares closed 4p high at 271p .	By Aaron J. Lopez Axis-Shield 's shares closed 4p higher at 271p .	comp_adj	315
Maximum sustained winds were near 45 mph with high gusts .	Maximum sustained winds were near 45 mph with higher gusts .	comp_adj	316
Tens of thousands of people have moved to safe places .	Tens of thousands of people have moved to safer places .	comp_adj	317
There are good times to work out , grocery shop and get gasoline .	There are better times to work out , grocery shop and get gasoline .	comp_adj	318
Katrina 's floods and winds wreaked havoc on a far large scale .	Katrina 's floods and winds wreaked havoc on a far larger scale .	comp_adj	319
The young boy died the next day .	The younger boy died the next day .	comp_adj	320
But this high level of unemployment shows few signs of falling soon .	But this higher level of unemployment shows few signs of falling soon .	comp_adj	321
The clocks there seem to tick to a slow rhythm .	The clocks there seem to tick to a slower rhythm .	comp_adj	322
The lowest package price includes a stay in a low deck cabin .	The lowest package price includes a stay in a lower deck cabin .	comp_adj	323
Nationally , Prime Minister Gordon Brown took a wide view of the announcement .	Nationally , Prime Minister Gordon Brown took a wider view of the announcement .	comp_adj	324
It works out to be a lot cheap and so much more convenient !	It works out to be a lot cheaper and so much more convenient !	comp_adj	325
He is feeling a lot good today .	He is feeling a lot better today .	comp_adj	326
Old steel tanks can rust through .	Older steel tanks can rust through .	comp_adj	327
Broad stock indicators also dropped .	Broader stock indicators also dropped .	comp_adj	328
It appeals to people who tend to buy good quality spirits and cocktails .	It appeals to people who tend to buy better quality spirits and cocktails .	comp_adj	329
Obviously , being shot is bad .	Obviously , being shot is worse .	comp_adj	330
This year , it is easy for me to focus .	This year , it is easier for me to focus .	comp_adj	331
Diamond prices remained particularly robust in the large , better quality white goods .	Diamond prices remained particularly robust in the larger , better quality white goods .	comp_adj	332
These may be people who are simply healthy to begin with .	These may be people who are simply healthier to begin with .	comp_adj	333
I think first I have to adopt a strict exercise regimen .	I think first I have to adopt a stricter exercise regimen .	comp_adj	334
About half the banks reported weak demand for residential mortgage loans .	About half the banks reported weaker demand for residential mortgage loans .	comp_adj	335
Romney has made the promise of low taxes a staple of his campaign .	Romney has made the promise of lower taxes a staple of his campaign .	comp_adj	336
In tasting absinthe now , old associations with bohemian modernism still resonate .	In tasting absinthe now , older associations with bohemian modernism still resonate .	comp_adj	337
Manhel is an old man , he is one of our Iraqi translators .	Manhel is an older man , he is one of our Iraqi translators .	comp_adj	338
But old structures aren 't subject to the same requirements .	But older structures aren 't subject to the same requirements .	comp_adj	339
Dissidents estimate that the death toll is high .	Dissidents estimate that the death toll is higher .	comp_adj	340
Graunke is " a game , " Jones said .	Graunke is " a gamer , " Jones said .	comp_adj	341
The link between the Mediterranean diet and low death rates held .	The link between the Mediterranean diet and lower death rates held .	comp_adj	342
Existing law also provides stiff sentences for federal crimes classified as hate crimes .	Existing law also provides stiffer sentences for federal crimes classified as hate crimes .	comp_adj	343
Some school systems use family income to achieve great balance .	Some school systems use family income to achieve greater balance .	comp_adj	344
The UK is pressing urgently for tough EU sanctions .	The UK is pressing urgently for tougher EU sanctions .	comp_adj	345
Jacksonville 's quarterback situation is considerably clear .	Jacksonville 's quarterback situation is considerably clearer .	comp_adj	346
was strong .	was stronger .	comp_adj	347
Silverfish reproduce slowly and are easy to control .	Silverfish reproduce slowly and are easier to control .	comp_adj	348
Why has not America 's wealth brought good health - and height ?	Why has not America 's wealth brought better health - and height ?	comp_adj	349
He added that all the candidates need to have a thick skin .	He added that all the candidates need to have a thicker skin .	comp_adj	350
Subaru has also sanded away the rough edges of performance .	Subaru has also sanded away the rougher edges of performance .	comp_adj	351
Bush also criticized Congress for proposals he said would lead to high taxes .	Bush also criticized Congress for proposals he said would lead to higher taxes .	comp_adj	352
Brave 's husband helped publish this book .	Braver 's husband helped publish this book .	comp_adj	353
Caulk small gaps .	Caulk smaller gaps .	comp_adj	354
I cannot think of a good investment .	I cannot think of a better investment .	comp_adj	355
Pink rejects Lakoff 's ideas , which have become fashionable among Democratic strategists .	Pinker rejects Lakoff 's ideas , which have become fashionable among Democratic strategists .	comp_adj	356
Is a fat population an inevitable consequence of an advanced economy ?	Is a fatter population an inevitable consequence of an advanced economy ?	comp_adj	357
With Pedialyte , the kids can maintain a good electrolyte balance .	With Pedialyte , the kids can maintain a better electrolyte balance .	comp_adj	358
He said 4-year-old Darias has an old brother who is 10 .	He said 4-year-old Darias has an older brother who is 10 .	comp_adj	359
The International team has a strong collection of players .	The International team has a stronger collection of players .	comp_adj	360
A weak yen inflates their overseas earnings and makes their exports more competitive .	A weaker yen inflates their overseas earnings and makes their exports more competitive .	comp_adj	361
Young parishioners " are more reflective , " McAfee said .	Younger parishioners " are more reflective , " McAfee said .	comp_adj	362
With tough drug-testing rules and enforcement , that will pass .	With tougher drug-testing rules and enforcement , that will pass .	comp_adj	363
There is also the need for good design skills .	There is also the need for better design skills .	comp_adj	364
SCADA is an old system that is still very common today .	SCADA is an older system that is still very common today .	comp_adj	365
Teenagers and women in their 40s also face a great risk .	Teenagers and women in their 40s also face a greater risk .	comp_adj	366
This would be funny , if it did not feel so tragic .	This would be funnier , if it did not feel so tragic .	comp_adj	367
But , she added , a big problem was financing from Iran .	But , she added , a bigger problem was financing from Iran .	comp_adj	368
A decision to keep Torre is tricky .	A decision to keep Torre is trickier .	comp_adj	369
Severe illnesses are more likely in people with weak immune systems .	Severe illnesses are more likely in people with weaker immune systems .	comp_adj	370
Duncan has discomfort in his low abdominal wall .	Duncan has discomfort in his lower abdominal wall .	comp_adj	371
And Turks again marched through the streets , calling for tough action .	And Turks again marched through the streets , calling for tougher action .	comp_adj	372
It is a good Alex .	It is a better Alex .	comp_adj	373
States will also have to cope with housing great numbers of preschoolers .	States will also have to cope with housing greater numbers of preschoolers .	comp_adj	374
Tobacco tax supporters say high prices for cigarettes deter smoking and save lives .	Tobacco tax supporters say higher prices for cigarettes deter smoking and save lives .	comp_adj	375
However , Beijing gave no sign it was willing to exert tough pressure .	However , Beijing gave no sign it was willing to exert tougher pressure .	comp_adj	376
Another young politician and potential competitor to Li was also promoted .	Another younger politician and potential competitor to Li was also promoted .	comp_adj	377
It wants legislation which would create tough penalties for rogue solicitors .	It wants legislation which would create tougher penalties for rogue solicitors .	comp_adj	378
State and low federal courts have halted all other scheduled executions since then .	State and lower federal courts have halted all other scheduled executions since then .	comp_adj	379
And the September wage gain was also revised low .	And the September wage gain was also revised lower .	comp_adj	380
The weak United States currency added 3 percent to revenue .	The weaker United States currency added 3 percent to revenue .	comp_adj	381
The European Union has been more equivocal , and its sanctions correspondingly mild .	The European Union has been more equivocal , and its sanctions correspondingly milder .	comp_adj	382
I am one of the old guys now .	I am one of the older guys now .	comp_adj	383
Schools have increasingly gone to high seat backs .	Schools have increasingly gone to higher seat backs .	comp_adj	384
Hamilton took pole ; Alonso was half a second slow in fourth .	Hamilton took pole ; Alonso was half a second slower in fourth .	comp_adj	385
The play call worked perfectly with the fast Scott in backfield .	The play call worked perfectly with the faster Scott in backfield .	comp_adj	386
The low courts have agreed with Indiana .	The lower courts have agreed with Indiana .	comp_adj	387
The coincidence could hardly be happy .	The coincidence could hardly be happier .	comp_adj	388
The results underscore the need for good prevention measures .	The results underscore the need for better prevention measures .	comp_adj	389
Small crowds turned out in Bangkok and Manila .	Smaller crowds turned out in Bangkok and Manila .	comp_adj	390
DENVER -- The Denver Broncos may never have called a smart timeout .	DENVER -- The Denver Broncos may never have called a smarter timeout .	comp_adj	391
Weak earnings from Exxon Mobil Corp. also dented investor confidence .	Weaker earnings from Exxon Mobil Corp. also dented investor confidence .	comp_adj	392
Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa also wants close ties with Tehran .	Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa also wants closer ties with Tehran .	comp_adj	393
The pole tax is unlikely to have much effect on your fine establishments .	The pole tax is unlikely to have much effect on your finer establishments .	comp_adj	394
Now , far small orders and donations are being encouraged .	Now , far smaller orders and donations are being encouraged .	comp_adj	395
High capacity hard drive players range from $ 200 to $ 350 .	Higher capacity hard drive players range from $ 200 to $ 350 .	comp_adj	396
That has certainly been true for some of the large players locally .	That has certainly been true for some of the larger players locally .	comp_adj	397
Mr. Abbado has long been devoted to the development of young musicians .	Mr. Abbado has long been devoted to the development of younger musicians .	comp_adj	398
Alibaba allows small Asian manufacturers to connect with people who need their products .	Alibaba allows smaller Asian manufacturers to connect with people who need their products .	comp_adj	399
Tiger Woods said the slow greens would favor bad putters .	Tiger Woods said the slower greens would favor bad putters .	comp_adj	400
Alternative pigments sometimes are more costly and often have long drying times .	Alternative pigments sometimes are more costly and often have longer drying times .	comp_adj	401
Mexico 's stocks opened low amid the reports of sabotage .	Mexico 's stocks opened lower amid the reports of sabotage .	comp_adj	402
It is hard to recognize when private contractors are being underemployed .	It is harder to recognize when private contractors are being underemployed .	comp_adj	403
Each one has ended up low down the hill .	Each one has ended up lower down the hill .	comp_adj	404
You get a good idea of the people you are meeting with .	You get a better idea of the people you are meeting with .	comp_adj	405
After a week he grew strong .	After a week he grew stronger .	comp_adj	406
Other candidates , combat soldiers , were considerably good shots .	Other candidates , combat soldiers , were considerably better shots .	comp_adj	407
Am I funny ?	Am I funnier ?	comp_adj	408
Still , it is good to see some young people .	Still , it is good to see some younger people .	comp_adj	409
A large number of gamers are women than is generally assumed .	A larger number of gamers are women than is generally assumed .	comp_adj	410
The shortfall was caused by a small licence fee settlement from the government .	The shortfall was caused by a smaller licence fee settlement from the government .	comp_adj	411
Then his postings took a dark turn .	Then his postings took a darker turn .	comp_adj	412
The low the admit rate , the more selective the school .	The lower the admit rate , the more selective the school .	comp_adj	413
Plants are compelled to pay ever high wages .	Plants are compelled to pay ever higher wages .	comp_adj	414
It is a tough call .	It is a tougher call .	comp_adj	415
The CML blames high interest rates , which it hopes have now peaked .	The CML blames higher interest rates , which it hopes have now peaked .	comp_adj	416
He has been out since Aug. 13 with arthritis in his low back .	He has been out since Aug. 13 with arthritis in his lower back .	comp_adj	417
The error for subgroups is high .	The error for subgroups is higher .	comp_adj	418
But the movie is scarey if you know nothing about it going in .	But the movie is scarier if you know nothing about it going in .	comp_adj	419
Thus , you would get the benefit of a low interest rate .	Thus , you would get the benefit of a lower interest rate .	comp_adj	420
Liars Air pollution causes big , more destructive hail He looked .	Liars Air pollution causes bigger , more destructive hail He looked .	comp_adj	421
Among Republicans , high taxes is a non-starter .	Among Republicans , higher taxes is a non-starter .	comp_adj	422
Other reports suggest that he has live problems .	Other reports suggest that he has liver problems .	comp_adj	423
What to eat to low cancer risk Is the donor dead or alive ?	What to eat to lower cancer risk Is the donor dead or alive ?	comp_adj	424
Six of them caught at least one pass of 18 yards or long .	Six of them caught at least one pass of 18 yards or longer .	comp_adj	425
Food should be sufficient for now as the large supermarkets has local storages .	Food should be sufficient for now as the larger supermarkets has local storages .	comp_adj	426
But critics say the yuan is still undervalued and they want fast action .	But critics say the yuan is still undervalued and they want faster action .	comp_adj	427
Did this one bug signal a large infestation lurking in the kitchen ?	Did this one bug signal a larger infestation lurking in the kitchen ?	comp_adj	428
The networks take care of feeding the ads to small sites .	The networks take care of feeding the ads to smaller sites .	comp_adj	429
The jobs report prompted broad selling in markets overseas .	The jobs report prompted broader selling in markets overseas .	comp_adj	430
Firefighters also worked to contain small blazes in Southern California on Sunday .	Firefighters also worked to contain smaller blazes in Southern California on Sunday .	comp_adj	431
The impact appears to be somewhat big for low-income children .	The impact appears to be somewhat bigger for low-income children .	comp_adj	432
The ball itself feels big and by turns slippery and sticky .	The ball itself feels bigger and by turns slippery and sticky .	comp_adj	433
That is when Houston 's night really took a turn for the bad .	That is when Houston 's night really took a turn for the worse .	comp_adj	434
It has a good combat performance and improved flying characteristics .	It has a better combat performance and improved flying characteristics .	comp_adj	435
Tight credit conditions are sapping already feeble demand .	Tighter credit conditions are sapping already feeble demand .	comp_adj	436
She has lots of young friends , including Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell .	She has lots of younger friends , including Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell .	comp_adj	437
One is to make the children from poor backgrounds perform better .	One is to make the children from poorer backgrounds perform better .	comp_adj	438
The penalty is stiff in Delcambre , La .	The penalty is stiffer in Delcambre , La .	comp_adj	439
Last week , stock finished high after a string of volatile sessions .	Last week , stock finished higher after a string of volatile sessions .	comp_adj	440
Everett lives in Houston and was moved to be close to home .	Everett lives in Houston and was moved to be closer to home .	comp_adj	441
Somebody 's built a good mousetrap already .	Somebody 's built a better mousetrap already .	comp_adj	442
But careful inspection suggests that October 's numbers mask a wide slowing .	But careful inspection suggests that October 's numbers mask a wider slowing .	comp_adj	443
The case will only go to trial if approved by a high court .	The case will only go to trial if approved by a higher court .	comp_adj	444
Of course , it is easy and less confrontational to reprimand the child .	Of course , it is easier and less confrontational to reprimand the child .	comp_adj	445
It could not have been a good idea .	It could not have been a better idea .	comp_adj	446
The slight increase is attributable to high amortization rates in 2007 .	The slight increase is attributable to higher amortization rates in 2007 .	comp_adj	447
Not all small competitors would benefit .	Not all smaller competitors would benefit .	comp_adj	448
The wide goal is to build 500 homes each year until 2009 .	The wider goal is to build 500 homes each year until 2009 .	comp_adj	449
The impact of this community is visible in small outlets , too .	The impact of this community is visible in smaller outlets , too .	comp_adj	450
The melodramatic turn temporarily obscured the dark nature of the case .	The melodramatic turn temporarily obscured the darker nature of the case .	comp_adj	451
Being sprayed in the face with Mace or pepper spray is bad .	Being sprayed in the face with Mace or pepper spray is worse .	comp_adj	452
Competition from mail-order pharmacies and large retailers played a role in his decision .	Competition from mail-order pharmacies and larger retailers played a role in his decision .	comp_adj	453
High sales of microprocessors helped the company offset flat average selling prices .	Higher sales of microprocessors helped the company offset flat average selling prices .	comp_adj	454
Together we will offer a new , strong business value to the market .	Together we will offer a new , stronger business value to the market .	comp_adj	455
He forecasts ever great Chinese reluctance to buy Treasury bonds .	He forecasts ever greater Chinese reluctance to buy Treasury bonds .	comp_adj	456
Potter 's rise parallels the bumpy history of the e-book .	Potter 's rise parallels the bumpier history of the e-book .	comp_adj	457
Yes , it is easy to list the non-possibilities .	Yes , it is easier to list the non-possibilities .	comp_adj	458
Aid workers indicated the death toll could be significantly high .	Aid workers indicated the death toll could be significantly higher .	comp_adj	459
Honeywell reported high quarterly earnings and revenue and boosted its fiscal 2007 outlook .	Honeywell reported higher quarterly earnings and revenue and boosted its fiscal 2007 outlook .	comp_adj	460
1,200 trapped , 2,000 freed at mine Theoretically this should be fast .	1,200 trapped , 2,000 freed at mine Theoretically this should be faster .	comp_adj	461
I know the guys have gotten big over time out here on tour .	I know the guys have gotten bigger over time out here on tour .	comp_adj	462
There are far good investments I could make than buying a football team .	There are far better investments I could make than buying a football team .	comp_adj	463
The broad issue is whether political reconciliation is possible .	The broader issue is whether political reconciliation is possible .	comp_adj	464
There are a few good results for the administration .	There are a few better results for the administration .	comp_adj	465
But Boruchowitz said investigators feared the young girl was in danger .	But Boruchowitz said investigators feared the younger girl was in danger .	comp_adj	466
The party also wants good conditions for asylum seekers .	The party also wants better conditions for asylum seekers .	comp_adj	467
A winning track record brings a host of rewards for small schools .	A winning track record brings a host of rewards for smaller schools .	comp_adj	468
Gold was high .	Gold was higher .	comp_adj	469
And yes -- we recognize that he is becoming a good candidate .	And yes -- we recognize that he is becoming a better candidate .	comp_adj	470
However , foreign diplomats and analysts fear both figures could be far high .	However , foreign diplomats and analysts fear both figures could be far higher .	comp_adj	471
The U.S. also can count on a handful of small stalwarts .	The U.S. also can count on a handful of smaller stalwarts .	comp_adj	472
Analysts said deep cuts were possible .	Analysts said deeper cuts were possible .	comp_adj	473
Wealthy people would add a 12 to 15 percent surcharge , Obey said .	Wealthier people would add a 12 to 15 percent surcharge , Obey said .	comp_adj	474
Broad stock indicators also rose .	Broader stock indicators also rose .	comp_adj	475
And soaring commodity prices will only make those emerging economies look strong .	And soaring commodity prices will only make those emerging economies look stronger .	comp_adj	476
The result is great insight and reduced risk for bioprocess development decision making .	The result is greater insight and reduced risk for bioprocess development decision making .	comp_adj	477
The dollar was high against other major currencies except for the yen .	The dollar was higher against other major currencies except for the yen .	comp_adj	478
Being beaten down and forcefully handcuffed by several police officers is bad .	Being beaten down and forcefully handcuffed by several police officers is worse .	comp_adj	479
The other is a big pest .	The other is a bigger pest .	comp_adj	480
Could you repeat it a couple of times , loud ?	Could you repeat it a couple of times , louder ?	comp_adj	481
While this game was close , it was not much harder .	While this game was closer , it was not much harder .	comp_adj	482
Cars are also cheap .	Cars are also cheaper .	comp_adj	483
The tight credit situation is deepening the housing slump .	The tighter credit situation is deepening the housing slump .	comp_adj	484
After some small wins , she started to hit big .	After some small wins , she started to hit bigger .	comp_adj	485
I pushed down hard .	I pushed down harder .	comp_adj	486
The insurers used their considerable clout to demand big discounts .	The insurers used their considerable clout to demand bigger discounts .	comp_adj	487
His young sister , who is pregnant , has a toddler .	His younger sister , who is pregnant , has a toddler .	comp_adj	488
The big story could actually come from Kingussie .	The bigger story could actually come from Kingussie .	comp_adj	489
However , her father Andrew thinks constant testing is inappropriate for young children .	However , her father Andrew thinks constant testing is inappropriate for younger children .	comp_adj	490
Mr Cameron has been seeking close links with Mr Schwarzenegger for some time .	Mr Cameron has been seeking closer links with Mr Schwarzenegger for some time .	comp_adj	491
Rights issues and puny dividends would be bad news for shareholders .	Rights issues and punier dividends would be bad news for shareholders .	comp_adj	492
The miracle was that it was not bad .	The miracle was that it was not worse .	comp_adj	493
Broad stock indexes also dipped .	Broader stock indexes also dipped .	comp_adj	494
I believe I am a good man for knowing him .	I believe I am a better man for knowing him .	comp_adj	495
Time , perhaps , for Venezuela to learn from its small neighbours .	Time , perhaps , for Venezuela to learn from its smaller neighbours .	comp_adj	496
The group has changed musically too - for the bad .	The group has changed musically too - for the worse .	comp_adj	497
What good way to spend New Year 's Eve ?	What better way to spend New Year 's Eve ?	comp_adj	498
" " Facebook will be safe .	" " Facebook will be safer .	comp_adj	499
Vaughn struck the old McGaughey with a vase , police said .	Vaughn struck the elder McGaughey with a vase , police said .	comp_adj	500
Yet in their sorrow , they see large purpose .	Yet in their sorrow , they see larger purpose .	comp_adj	501
Lighter-skinned women applicants were preferred over those with dark complexions but equal credentials .	Lighter-skinned women applicants were preferred over those with darker complexions but equal credentials .	comp_adj	502
Magic shows and dancers are thrown in for entertainment for large bookings .	Magic shows and dancers are thrown in for entertainment for larger bookings .	comp_adj	503
Its closing leaves only a small cargo crossing in operation .	Its closing leaves only a smaller cargo crossing in operation .	comp_adj	504
Westwood and Mickelson missed long birdie attempts .	Westwood and Mickelson missed longer birdie attempts .	comp_adj	505
However , demand from investors drove the high investment amount .	However , demand from investors drove the higher investment amount .	comp_adj	506
Small houses , however , are more cautious .	Smaller houses , however , are more cautious .	comp_adj	507
Work starts on airport 's update Anne Gagen had a good outcome .	Work starts on airport 's update Anne Gagen had a better outcome .	comp_adj	508
The heavy Thanksgiving travel could mean low demand later .	The heavy Thanksgiving travel could mean lower demand later .	comp_adj	509
Now , their state suddenly feels a bit small .	Now , their state suddenly feels a bit smaller .	comp_adj	510
Why do we have big hips now ?	Why do we have bigger hips now ?	comp_adj	511
Small numbers of Iraqis have fled to Lebanon , Egypt and Turkey .	Smaller numbers of Iraqis have fled to Lebanon , Egypt and Turkey .	comp_adj	512
Net interest income was off 3 % from fractionally high cost of funds .	Net interest income was off 3 % from fractionally higher cost of funds .	comp_adj	513
There was no thought of wide publication .	There was no thought of wider publication .	comp_adj	514
Her parents and young daughter were also killed .	Her parents and younger daughter were also killed .	comp_adj	515
Broad stock indicators slipped .	Broader stock indicators slipped .	comp_adj	516
It has given our pitchers a good foundation for confidence .	It has given our pitchers a better foundation for confidence .	comp_adj	517
Gold traded high .	Gold traded higher .	comp_adj	518
That is bad in a way , to lie to them .	That is worse in a way , to lie to them .	comp_adj	519
Red blood cells can take two weeks or long .	Red blood cells can take two weeks or longer .	comp_adj	520
But RC2 could hardly have done a bad job of handling the situation .	But RC2 could hardly have done a worse job of handling the situation .	comp_adj	521
Bhutto has pledged to make strong efforts against the militants .	Bhutto has pledged to make stronger efforts against the militants .	comp_adj	522
But AARP and other advocates for old Americans attacked the rule .	But AARP and other advocates for older Americans attacked the rule .	comp_adj	523
, sharply underscores a great gulf .	, sharply underscores a greater gulf .	comp_adj	524
Several of its small island nations face obliteration if the sea level rises .	Several of its smaller island nations face obliteration if the sea level rises .	comp_adj	525
Many in low-lying areas sought high ground .	Many in low-lying areas sought higher ground .	comp_adj	526
It will also be less expensive if it is done on large scale .	It will also be less expensive if it is done on larger scale .	comp_adj	527
And there is bad to come .	And there is worse to come .	comp_adj	528
Soon , they were playing increasingly large venues .	Soon , they were playing increasingly larger venues .	comp_adj	529
Then there is the wide issue of Iran 's nuclear programme .	Then there is the wider issue of Iran 's nuclear programme .	comp_adj	530
Those in middle age took in a good balance of the positive .	Those in middle age took in a better balance of the positive .	comp_adj	531
A big fear , she confesses , is not being married at all .	A bigger fear , she confesses , is not being married at all .	comp_adj	532
Maybe bold bears are selected for as well .	Maybe bolder bears are selected for as well .	comp_adj	533
We have installed a wine cool as well .	We have installed a wine cooler as well .	comp_adj	534
Even so , the trend this year has been toward soft job growth .	Even so , the trend this year has been toward softer job growth .	comp_adj	535
Payroll growth in July and June was also revised sharply low .	Payroll growth in July and June was also revised sharply lower .	comp_adj	536
If he becomes a good player , results will follow .	If he becomes a better player , results will follow .	comp_adj	537
Susan found a 1.47-carat stone and some small gems Monday .	Susan found a 1.47-carat stone and some smaller gems Monday .	comp_adj	538
Until then , she will live in the small unit .	Until then , she will live in the smaller unit .	comp_adj	539
Broad stock indicators rose .	Broader stock indicators rose .	comp_adj	540
Jenson would be a contender if he had a good car .	Jenson would be a contender if he had a better car .	comp_adj	541
They somehow feel poor , whether they are or not .	They somehow feel poorer , whether they are or not .	comp_adj	542
Future profitability will undoubtedly be hard to come by , however .	Future profitability will undoubtedly be harder to come by , however .	comp_adj	543
Under Benedict , the Vatican has been taking steps toward great environmental sustainability .	Under Benedict , the Vatican has been taking steps toward greater environmental sustainability .	comp_adj	544
Broad indexes were mixed .	Broader indexes were mixed .	comp_adj	545
He said the parking lot provides a safe place to sleep .	He said the parking lot provides a safer place to sleep .	comp_adj	546
Carr replaced Testaverde despite compression fractures in his low back .	Carr replaced Testaverde despite compression fractures in his lower back .	comp_adj	547
Two major consumer products companies posted strong earnings Tuesday .	Two major consumer products companies posted stronger earnings Tuesday .	comp_adj	548
The firm became part of a large Russian group last year .	The firm became part of a larger Russian group last year .	comp_adj	549
Still , panelists held off from recommending against use in old children .	Still , panelists held off from recommending against use in older children .	comp_adj	550
LaGuardia 's delays were bad , and Newark 's were not much better .	LaGuardia 's delays were worse , and Newark 's were not much better .	comp_adj	551
American Forests ' mission is to grow a healthy world with trees .	American Forests ' mission is to grow a healthier world with trees .	comp_adj	552
This time the humor is soft and the preaching less intrusive .	This time the humor is softer and the preaching less intrusive .	comp_adj	553
Driving in these kinds of conditions requires going slow , Shingleton pointed out .	Driving in these kinds of conditions requires going slower , Shingleton pointed out .	comp_adj	554
The Queens Library has also developed friendly collection methods .	The Queens Library has also developed friendlier collection methods .	comp_adj	555
To date , only live transplantation has been shown to increase survival .	To date , only liver transplantation has been shown to increase survival .	comp_adj	556
If I am unsure , it is just safe to do the test .	If I am unsure , it is just safer to do the test .	comp_adj	557
Mr. Putin has even encouraged large family sizes to bolster the working-age population .	Mr. Putin has even encouraged larger family sizes to bolster the working-age population .	comp_adj	558
Advocates worry that intense and repeated deployments leave new veterans particularly vulnerable .	Advocates worry that intense and repeated deployments leave newer veterans particularly vulnerable .	comp_adj	559
They wanted the rich formula applied equally to the sale of digital downloads .	They wanted the richer formula applied equally to the sale of digital downloads .	comp_adj	560
Sanctions could even generate great resistance .	Sanctions could even generate greater resistance .	comp_adj	561
Did you know there are foods that will absolutely help low cholesterol ?	Did you know there are foods that will absolutely help lower cholesterol ?	comp_adj	562
They say harsh penalties for crack cocaine unfairly punish blacks .	They say harsher penalties for crack cocaine unfairly punish blacks .	comp_adj	563
High pricing will just make me obtain the songs in another way .	Higher pricing will just make me obtain the songs in another way .	comp_adj	564
I could not be happy .	I could not be happier .	comp_adj	565
This merely makes the working environment of criminals safe .	This merely makes the working environment of criminals safer .	comp_adj	566
The company expects all this to result in good revenue .	The company expects all this to result in better revenue .	comp_adj	567
The prosecution asked on his appeal for a harsh sentence for Bala .	The prosecution asked on his appeal for a harsher sentence for Bala .	comp_adj	568
Indeed , they believe the sunken jaw and low lip are beautiful .	Indeed , they believe the sunken jaw and lower lip are beautiful .	comp_adj	569
The shares were 11p high at 776p .	The shares were 11p higher at 776p .	comp_adj	570
Atkins moves the runners up with a soft ground to first .	Atkins moves the runners up with a soft grounder to first .	comp_adj	571
Long spells followed in Leeds and Edinburgh before the call came to Dublin .	Longer spells followed in Leeds and Edinburgh before the call came to Dublin .	comp_adj	572
But despite the threat of tough sanctions , Iran refuses to budge .	But despite the threat of tougher sanctions , Iran refuses to budge .	comp_adj	573
But there are signs that steep housing-related layoffs may be coming .	But there are signs that steeper housing-related layoffs may be coming .	comp_adj	574
Close J.J. Putz earned his 39th save .	Closer J.J. Putz earned his 39th save .	comp_adj	575
His commute in the Washington area is going to be considerably short .	His commute in the Washington area is going to be considerably shorter .	comp_adj	576
Nonetheless , it would have benefited from wide context and discussion .	Nonetheless , it would have benefited from wider context and discussion .	comp_adj	577
While they are weak , the ties that bind are hard to break .	While they are weaker , the ties that bind are hard to break .	comp_adj	578
If there is a good deal that comes across .	If there is a better deal that comes across .	comp_adj	579
The problem is great in some industries .	The problem is greater in some industries .	comp_adj	580
It also benefited from firm prices and favorable component costs .	It also benefited from firmer prices and favorable component costs .	comp_adj	581
He prefers a safe course .	He prefers a safer course .	comp_adj	582
The brave ones sang out loud .	The braver ones sang out loud .	comp_adj	583
Hair is also easy to rid of bacterial DNA .	Hair is also easier to rid of bacterial DNA .	comp_adj	584
So on close inspection that year might not be a classic vintage .	So on closer inspection that year might not be a classic vintage .	comp_adj	585
These memories are treasures that will grow strong as time goes on .	These memories are treasures that will grow stronger as time goes on .	comp_adj	586
The telomeres of the young cancer patients had abnormally short telomeres .	The telomeres of the younger cancer patients had abnormally short telomeres .	comp_adj	587
That is when the crowds are thin and the deals are more generous .	That is when the crowds are thinner and the deals are more generous .	comp_adj	588
Forget about buying a good car or an engagement ring for his girlfriend .	Forget about buying a better car or an engagement ring for his girlfriend .	comp_adj	589
Starbucks posted a quarterly profit that was up 35 percent on high prices .	Starbucks posted a quarterly profit that was up 35 percent on higher prices .	comp_adj	590
Sharp Image has lost $ 113 million since January 2005 .	Sharper Image has lost $ 113 million since January 2005 .	comp_adj	591
The 15-year-old had bail continued while the old two were remanded in custody .	The 15-year-old had bail continued while the older two were remanded in custody .	comp_adj	592
The final day is a short Coast ride before returning home .	The final day is a shorter Coast ride before returning home .	comp_adj	593
It has since taken steps towards great professionalism .	It has since taken steps towards greater professionalism .	comp_adj	594
There is also the big picture to consider .	There is also the bigger picture to consider .	comp_adj	595
But institutional failings can have a far large impact .	But institutional failings can have a far larger impact .	comp_adj	596
" Americans are still demanding big vehicles , " Lindland said .	" Americans are still demanding bigger vehicles , " Lindland said .	comp_adj	597
He 'll go down as one of the good players in both codes .	He 'll go down as one of the better players in both codes .	comp_adj	598
The Senate has a costly set of earmarks .	The Senate has a costlier set of earmarks .	comp_adj	599
But the true number is thought to be many times high .	But the true number is thought to be many times higher .	comp_adj	600
These factors were partially offset by high costs for purchased fiber and chips .	These factors were partially offset by higher costs for purchased fiber and chips .	comp_adj	601
The Smiths have an old son , Richie Jr .	The Smiths have an older son , Richie Jr .	comp_adj	602
On both , Mr. Sarkozy clearly has the good arguments .	On both , Mr. Sarkozy clearly has the better arguments .	comp_adj	603
Ms. Traore used simple language .	Ms. Traore used simpler language .	comp_adj	604
Fed officials are concerned the housing slump could destabilize the wide economy .	Fed officials are concerned the housing slump could destabilize the wider economy .	comp_adj	605
The writers now want a big piece of the profit .	The writers now want a bigger piece of the profit .	comp_adj	606
But there are other benefits that are hard to quantify .	But there are other benefits that are harder to quantify .	comp_adj	607
Cover the low part of your face in the photo .	Cover the lower part of your face in the photo .	comp_adj	608
He could not have been happy .	He could not have been happier .	comp_adj	609
As a California schoolgirl she routinely won titles against old runners .	As a California schoolgirl she routinely won titles against older runners .	comp_adj	610
The high costs are passed on to consumers .	The higher costs are passed on to consumers .	comp_adj	611
For the good part of two weeks , though , it has been .	For the better part of two weeks , though , it has been .	comp_adj	612
And it must have a sharp sense of what its funding is achieving .	And it must have a sharper sense of what its funding is achieving .	comp_adj	613
And nowhere else can you get good offerings for the holidays .	And nowhere else can you get better offerings for the holidays .	comp_adj	614
Some analysts predict a bold half-point reduction when it meets Tuesday .	Some analysts predict a bolder half-point reduction when it meets Tuesday .	comp_adj	615
He said China was encouraged that the situation in Myanmar was calm .	He said China was encouraged that the situation in Myanmar was calmer .	comp_adj	616
If you are less mobile , consider a small ship .	If you are less mobile , consider a smaller ship .	comp_adj	617
How many alt egos can one man have ?	How many alter egos can one man have ?	comp_adj	618
We all need to step back and look at the big picture .	We all need to step back and look at the bigger picture .	comp_adj	619
" " I would have had a good chance to beat him .	" " I would have had a better chance to beat him .	comp_adj	620
Other analysts argue fundamentals clearly support high prices .	Other analysts argue fundamentals clearly support higher prices .	comp_adj	621
Second on the hope list is good treatment from rich neighbours .	Second on the hope list is better treatment from rich neighbours .	comp_adj	622
Would the Notre Dame defense be tough under the new coordinator Corwin Brown ?	Would the Notre Dame defense be tougher under the new coordinator Corwin Brown ?	comp_adj	623
Broad stock indicators also advanced .	Broader stock indicators also advanced .	comp_adj	624
The region was a mini-failed-state in the midst of a broad sectarian war .	The region was a mini-failed-state in the midst of a broader sectarian war .	comp_adj	625
Future quarters ' earnings will likely include a high tax burden .	Future quarters ' earnings will likely include a higher tax burden .	comp_adj	626
And the quality of much of India 's high education is execrable .	And the quality of much of India 's higher education is execrable .	comp_adj	627
Build a small reservoir on Knob Creek , or 4 .	Build a smaller reservoir on Knob Creek , or 4 .	comp_adj	628
Will we be growing slow ?	Will we be growing slower ?	comp_adj	629
People think it means safe , even if that is not true .	People think it means safer , even if that is not true .	comp_adj	630
Use topical products to look good today -- and tomorrow .	Use topical products to look better today -- and tomorrow .	comp_adj	631
Mr Sarkozy , though , is made of strong stuff .	Mr Sarkozy , though , is made of stronger stuff .	comp_adj	632
I bought a small house nearby with a mortgage that exceeded its value .	I bought a smaller house nearby with a mortgage that exceeded its value .	comp_adj	633
Lundqvist seemed most mystified about the Rangers ' turn for the bad .	Lundqvist seemed most mystified about the Rangers ' turn for the worse .	comp_adj	634
Experts say the findings may help lead to good treatments .	Experts say the findings may help lead to better treatments .	comp_adj	635
That would be a good way to go .	That would be a better way to go .	comp_adj	636
Hopefully , maybe cool heads will prevail .	Hopefully , maybe cooler heads will prevail .	comp_adj	637
Small companies are as vulnerable as large corporations for online fraud .	Smaller companies are as vulnerable as large corporations for online fraud .	comp_adj	638
Old buildings often represent architectural philosophies and trends now out of fashion .	Older buildings often represent architectural philosophies and trends now out of fashion .	comp_adj	639
Things look dim for American Indians and Asians .	Things look dimmer for American Indians and Asians .	comp_adj	640
In some ways securitisation has made the financial system safe .	In some ways securitisation has made the financial system safer .	comp_adj	641
The Russell 2000 index of small companies rose 1.63 to 774.01 .	The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies rose 1.63 to 774.01 .	comp_adj	642
But some outside the administration saw great significance in the White House move .	But some outside the administration saw greater significance in the White House move .	comp_adj	643
Savvy negotiators know that a smile is hard to resist than ultimatums .	Savvy negotiators know that a smile is harder to resist than ultimatums .	comp_adj	644
It is rare .	It is rarer .	comp_adj	645
Diplomats and Burmese dissident groups believe the total death toll was high .	Diplomats and Burmese dissident groups believe the total death toll was higher .	comp_adj	646
It may be a decent long term strategy , we will see .	It may be a decent longer term strategy , we will see .	comp_adj	647
One night I stepped off the treadmill and my stomach muscles seemed tight .	One night I stepped off the treadmill and my stomach muscles seemed tighter .	comp_adj	648
But the appearance of bin Laden this year makes a big splash .	But the appearance of bin Laden this year makes a bigger splash .	comp_adj	649
No -- it is being a smart player .	No -- it is being a smarter player .	comp_adj	650
Boxer Woods ready for big fights But it will not come soon .	Boxer Woods ready for bigger fights But it will not come soon .	comp_adj	651
The left-hander could not readily recall a bad outing at any level .	The left-hander could not readily recall a worse outing at any level .	comp_adj	652
Miners had to be evacuated with a small cage in another shaft .	Miners had to be evacuated with a smaller cage in another shaft .	comp_adj	653
Absence makes the heart grow fond .	Absence makes the heart grow fonder .	comp_adj	654
The stocks of small companies may be subject to above-average market price fluctuations .	The stocks of smaller companies may be subject to above-average market price fluctuations .	comp_adj	655
Their homes are big .	Their homes are bigger .	comp_adj	656
Its closing left only a small cargo crossing in operation .	Its closing left only a smaller cargo crossing in operation .	comp_adj	657
Maybe we will all get big cup holders out of the deal .	Maybe we will all get bigger cup holders out of the deal .	comp_adj	658
They were probably happy times .	They were probably happier times .	comp_adj	659
But tough laws are only part of the solution , the mayor said .	But tougher laws are only part of the solution , the mayor said .	comp_adj	660
But the trial covered only acute low back pain .	But the trial covered only acute lower back pain .	comp_adj	661
Not that discretion is necessarily the good part of valor .	Not that discretion is necessarily the better part of valor .	comp_adj	662
It is probably bad .	It is probably worse .	comp_adj	663
Expectations for low interest rates further undermined the dollar .	Expectations for lower interest rates further undermined the dollar .	comp_adj	664
Frequent trips make living in a tiny place easy to take .	Frequent trips make living in a tiny place easier to take .	comp_adj	665
A. One aspect is better patient education and good nutrition .	A. One aspect is better patient education and better nutrition .	comp_adj	666
But there will be high ones .	But there will be higher ones .	comp_adj	667
He said China was encouraged that the situation in Myanmar was calm now .	He said China was encouraged that the situation in Myanmar was calmer now .	comp_adj	668
" " We are simply a good team .	" " We are simply a better team .	comp_adj	669
It is later removed from the list having promised great openness .	It is later removed from the list having promised greater openness .	comp_adj	670
To some extent , easy monetary policy may soothe the transition .	To some extent , easier monetary policy may soothe the transition .	comp_adj	671
Yet the Bush administration wants to return to a dark age .	Yet the Bush administration wants to return to a darker age .	comp_adj	672
The difference between the two places could not be great .	The difference between the two places could not be greater .	comp_adj	673
Pharmaceutical issues were also high .	Pharmaceutical issues were also higher .	comp_adj	674
Bin Laden 's eye sockets are dark as well .	Bin Laden 's eye sockets are darker as well .	comp_adj	675
Besides , he is missing the big point .	Besides , he is missing the bigger point .	comp_adj	676
Her health took a turn for the bad during the past week .	Her health took a turn for the worse during the past week .	comp_adj	677
The young Stevens also has not been charged .	The younger Stevens also has not been charged .	comp_adj	678
Instead , it favours small schemes which aim to change behaviour and attitudes .	Instead , it favours smaller schemes which aim to change behaviour and attitudes .	comp_adj	679
, International Paper Co. and Chevron Corp. also moved low on profit news .	, International Paper Co. and Chevron Corp. also moved lower on profit news .	comp_adj	680
Millions of low skilled American workers have neither .	Millions of lower skilled American workers have neither .	comp_adj	681
Transportation results declined due principally to low barge freight volumes .	Transportation results declined due principally to lower barge freight volumes .	comp_adj	682
But he wondered whether bargainers should have held out for a good deal .	But he wondered whether bargainers should have held out for a better deal .	comp_adj	683
The Nightwatchman is Tom Morello 's alt ego .	The Nightwatchman is Tom Morello 's alter ego .	comp_adj	684
This has been done by a conscious policy of investment in high education .	This has been done by a conscious policy of investment in higher education .	comp_adj	685
But some of the good intelligence she acquires comes directly from her daughters .	But some of the better intelligence she acquires comes directly from her daughters .	comp_adj	686
Old Americans Head Back to Campus Prosecutors said Hamas controlled those Palestinian charities .	Older Americans Head Back to Campus Prosecutors said Hamas controlled those Palestinian charities .	comp_adj	687
They rework old fields by drilling deep , drilling sideways and repositioning wells .	They rework old fields by drilling deeper , drilling sideways and repositioning wells .	comp_adj	688
Other wildlife also benefits from the low loch levels .	Other wildlife also benefits from the lower loch levels .	comp_adj	689
But it is cheap to do it in the garden .	But it is cheaper to do it in the garden .	comp_adj	690
Still , high temperatures will not be bad news for everyone .	Still , higher temperatures will not be bad news for everyone .	comp_adj	691
The night grew cold , and another storm came with the dusk .	The night grew colder , and another storm came with the dusk .	comp_adj	692
The Tory leader needs to be clear about the role of the state .	The Tory leader needs to be clearer about the role of the state .	comp_adj	693
A clear picture of Mr. Warfield , who was from Columbia , Md .	A clearer picture of Mr. Warfield , who was from Columbia , Md .	comp_adj	694
Certainly , we are among those with far great return expectations .	Certainly , we are among those with far greater return expectations .	comp_adj	695
Some analysts predict a bold step , a half-point reduction .	Some analysts predict a bolder step , a half-point reduction .	comp_adj	696
Spa services are à la carte or can be included in pricey packages .	Spa services are à la carte or can be included in pricier packages .	comp_adj	697
Major U.S. equity indexes traded high at midday .	Major U.S. equity indexes traded higher at midday .	comp_adj	698
Cold products for children 2 and old remain on the shelves .	Cold products for children 2 and older remain on the shelves .	comp_adj	699
Urban farming , he said , ultimately leads to a healthy community .	Urban farming , he said , ultimately leads to a healthier community .	comp_adj	700
Major organ systems function less efficiently in old people .	Major organ systems function less efficiently in older people .	comp_adj	701
If not for No. 9 , Flesch would have a big lead .	If not for No. 9 , Flesch would have a bigger lead .	comp_adj	702
U.S. artists , however , continue to die in great numbers .	U.S. artists , however , continue to die in greater numbers .	comp_adj	703
" Women are easy to work with , " he says .	" Women are easier to work with , " he says .	comp_adj	704
Alerted by a research assistant , scientists started taking a close look .	Alerted by a research assistant , scientists started taking a closer look .	comp_adj	705
The Dodds have a young daughter , 2-year-old Christina .	The Dodds have a younger daughter , 2-year-old Christina .	comp_adj	706
The deer continued to struggle but was growing weak .	The deer continued to struggle but was growing weaker .	comp_adj	707
Little critics do postmortems ; Thurman is a master of vivisection .	Lesser critics do postmortems ; Thurman is a master of vivisection .	comp_adj	708
The actual take is low , because of certain adjustments .	The actual take is lower , because of certain adjustments .	comp_adj	709
Gold was low .	Gold was lower .	comp_adj	710
That reduces U.S. consumer spending power and also could trigger high inflation .	That reduces U.S. consumer spending power and also could trigger higher inflation .	comp_adj	711
But what they have had is good control .	But what they have had is better control .	comp_adj	712
Chase Utley followed with a ground to first baseman Teixeira .	Chase Utley followed with a grounder to first baseman Teixeira .	comp_adj	713
Close Francisco Rodriguez recorded his 40th save this season .	Closer Francisco Rodriguez recorded his 40th save this season .	comp_adj	714
Jude Law reprises Caine 's 1972 role as the young man .	Jude Law reprises Caine 's 1972 role as the younger man .	comp_adj	715
They can get insurance , everybody is safe .	They can get insurance , everybody is safer .	comp_adj	716
There was an old guard protecting a happy version of Western history .	There was an old guard protecting a happier version of Western history .	comp_adj	717
A sharp ground by Amaris Ramirez became a double play .	A sharp grounder by Amaris Ramirez became a double play .	comp_adj	718
That high standard applies to teachers , students and parents .	That higher standard applies to teachers , students and parents .	comp_adj	719
Start today to promote good health and safety for all schoolchildren .	Start today to promote better health and safety for all schoolchildren .	comp_adj	720
The large unions , however , were holding out .	The larger unions , however , were holding out .	comp_adj	721
US stocks had drifted mostly low Wednesday .	US stocks had drifted mostly lower Wednesday .	comp_adj	722
Investors typically buy assets and currencies where the rates of return are high .	Investors typically buy assets and currencies where the rates of return are higher .	comp_adj	723
Broad stock indicators also showed modest gains yesterday .	Broader stock indicators also showed modest gains yesterday .	comp_adj	724
Collectively , the whole group needed to do a good job .	Collectively , the whole group needed to do a better job .	comp_adj	725
" The old ones are almost all dead , " he said .	" The older ones are almost all dead , " he said .	comp_adj	726
The nation 's roads have never been safe .	The nation 's roads have never been safer .	comp_adj	727
They are gray perhaps -- those who have avoided assassination .	They are grayer perhaps -- those who have avoided assassination .	comp_adj	728
Most retailers provide free shipping for orders $ 50 or high .	Most retailers provide free shipping for orders $ 50 or higher .	comp_adj	729
Surely , she has entered a good abode .	Surely , she has entered a better abode .	comp_adj	730
CSUSTL has urged the Administration to negotiate strong rules against unfair trade practices .	CSUSTL has urged the Administration to negotiate stronger rules against unfair trade practices .	comp_adj	731
Scott Proctor relieved and retired Troy Tulowitzki on a ground to second .	Scott Proctor relieved and retired Troy Tulowitzki on a grounder to second .	comp_adj	732
They are bad , and they are better , reviled and adulated .	They are worse , and they are better , reviled and adulated .	comp_adj	733
It can take off and land on short runways .	It can take off and land on shorter runways .	comp_adj	734
Some of these gaps should be easy to plug than others .	Some of these gaps should be easier to plug than others .	comp_adj	735
New materials are being developed to make good cells .	New materials are being developed to make better cells .	comp_adj	736
Besides , I have got a young husband .	Besides , I have got a younger husband .	comp_adj	737
The old Beatles cartoon on TV had good character development .	The old Beatles cartoon on TV had better character development .	comp_adj	738
The venture 's internal politics may prove tricky .	The venture 's internal politics may prove trickier .	comp_adj	739
We need calm people in Lebanon .	We need calmer people in Lebanon .	comp_adj	740
He was the good player , we have to turn a page .	He was the better player , we have to turn a page .	comp_adj	741
Griffith 's appearance is a poignant echo of happy times for us all .	Griffith 's appearance is a poignant echo of happier times for us all .	comp_adj	742
We feel safe .	We feel safer .	comp_adj	743
The soldiers departed , but with threats of returning in large numbers .	The soldiers departed , but with threats of returning in larger numbers .	comp_adj	744
Investors in loan-backed securities could have pushed for tough monitoring .	Investors in loan-backed securities could have pushed for tougher monitoring .	comp_adj	745
But it is a small place .	But it is a smaller place .	comp_adj	746
The benefits will not just come via the fast interface .	The benefits will not just come via the faster interface .	comp_adj	747
A piece that followed was equally sophisticated structurally but gentle in effect .	A piece that followed was equally sophisticated structurally but gentler in effect .	comp_adj	748
Republicans were also likely to think Bush and business have caused little harm .	Republicans were also likelier to think Bush and business have caused little harm .	comp_adj	749
To use the technical term , it is perky .	To use the technical term , it is perkier .	comp_adj	750
But big technology leaps are imminent .	But bigger technology leaps are imminent .	comp_adj	751
Political leaders need to give this close attention .	Political leaders need to give this closer attention .	comp_adj	752
Close Chad Cordero earned his 32nd save .	Closer Chad Cordero earned his 32nd save .	comp_adj	753
But here is a good idea .	But here is a better idea .	comp_adj	754
Fast chips are the fuel of the computer industry .	FASTER chips are the fuel of the computer industry .	comp_adj	755
Rising foreclosures and delinquencies have led to tight lending standards .	Rising foreclosures and delinquencies have led to tighter lending standards .	comp_adj	756
A good student would have checked with him anyway , Cox says .	A better student would have checked with him anyway , Cox says .	comp_adj	757
Hopefully Malaysia will prove to be a lucky hunting ground for me .	Hopefully Malaysia will prove to be a luckier hunting ground for me .	comp_adj	758
Another proposal calls for focusing resources on risky products , such as tires .	Another proposal calls for focusing resources on riskier products , such as tires .	comp_adj	759
Americans from all walks have a stake in seeing a good health-care system .	Americans from all walks have a stake in seeing a better health-care system .	comp_adj	760
Other agricultural futures also traded high .	Other agricultural futures also traded higher .	comp_adj	761
All About Jamaica Others asset managers were also pulled low .	All About Jamaica Others asset managers were also pulled lower .	comp_adj	762
It is creepy .	It is creepier .	comp_adj	763
" Att : 8,000 " Always compare yourself to poor people .	" Att : 8,000 " Always compare yourself to poorer people .	comp_adj	764
The Jena 6 rally in central Louisiana tells a happy story .	The Jena 6 rally in central Louisiana tells a happier story .	comp_adj	765
- Most old adults have not discussed sex with their doctors .	- Most older adults have not discussed sex with their doctors .	comp_adj	766
Lately , his pro-life language has taken on a sharp edge .	Lately , his pro-life language has taken on a sharper edge .	comp_adj	767
Large truffles are more expensive per kilogram by virtue of their scarcity .	Larger truffles are more expensive per kilogram by virtue of their scarcity .	comp_adj	768
Teens deserve good policies .	Teens deserve better policies .	comp_adj	769
... That would mean getting the Tar Heels deep in the NCAA tournament .	... That would mean getting the Tar Heels deeper in the NCAA tournament .	comp_adj	770
Both Sport versions sit a half-inch low because of their sport-tuned suspensions .	Both Sport versions sit a half-inch lower because of their sport-tuned suspensions .	comp_adj	771
And there is another challenge , close to home .	And there is another challenge , closer to home .	comp_adj	772
Italy was , in the broad scheme of things , a sideshow .	Italy was , in the broader scheme of things , a sideshow .	comp_adj	773
However , Scotland has a strong record for sourcing private funding .	However , Scotland has a stronger record for sourcing private funding .	comp_adj	774
Wolff is seeking a good diet and $ 10 million from the state .	Wolff is seeking a better diet and $ 10 million from the state .	comp_adj	775
Traditional shots are also available for children 5 and old .	Traditional shots are also available for children 5 and older .	comp_adj	776
We did not allow the weak nature to invade our minds .	We did not allow the weaker nature to invade our minds .	comp_adj	777
Islanders want great access to the beaches and backcountry .	Islanders want greater access to the beaches and backcountry .	comp_adj	778
" " The regime 's position grows weak by the day .	" " The regime 's position grows weaker by the day .	comp_adj	779
Maybe I had just gotten old .	Maybe I had just gotten older .	comp_adj	780
Tight credit could jeopardize global economic growth .	Tighter credit could jeopardize global economic growth .	comp_adj	781
High rates can boost a currency .	Higher rates can boost a currency .	comp_adj	782
Some see broad explanations for India 's peculiar relationship with Guinness .	Some see broader explanations for India 's peculiar relationship with Guinness .	comp_adj	783
The boss thinks it could be bad .	The boss thinks it could be worse .	comp_adj	784
Coming home was tricky .	Coming home was trickier .	comp_adj	785
Strict rules The Knicks figured to see James at his feistiest .	Stricter rules The Knicks figured to see James at his feistiest .	comp_adj	786
WHAT is the impact of falling house prices on the broad economy ?	WHAT is the impact of falling house prices on the broader economy ?	comp_adj	787
Both Iraqi and US military casualties were also low .	Both Iraqi and US military casualties were also lower .	comp_adj	788
The fast Jerome Taylor has replaced the perennially unlucky Corey Collymore .	The faster Jerome Taylor has replaced the perennially unlucky Corey Collymore .	comp_adj	789
Broad stock indexes were mixed .	Broader stock indexes were mixed .	comp_adj	790
The broad stock indexes also advanced .	The broader stock indexes also advanced .	comp_adj	791
Small studies have suggested biological differences between breast cancer in blacks and whites .	Smaller studies have suggested biological differences between breast cancer in blacks and whites .	comp_adj	792
Cities and highways are safe and violence has eased .	Cities and highways are safer and violence has eased .	comp_adj	793
Meanwhile , each year medical insurance consumes a great share of family income .	Meanwhile , each year medical insurance consumes a greater share of family income .	comp_adj	794
All are set to be big stories in 2008 .	All are set to be bigger stories in 2008 .	comp_adj	795
Now they sit low , making them more stable and natural-looking .	Now they sit lower , making them more stable and natural-looking .	comp_adj	796
But the Democrats who took office in January wanted quick action .	But the Democrats who took office in January wanted quicker action .	comp_adj	797
It is easy to get a mobile phone than a land phone .	It is easier to get a mobile phone than a land phone .	comp_adj	798
Could he have got a long sentence ?	Could he have got a longer sentence ?	comp_adj	799
He said old people just would not get it .	He said older people just would not get it .	comp_adj	800
Backward compatibility ensures HSDPA connections at low data rates of 1.8 Mbps .	Backward compatibility ensures HSDPA connections at lower data rates of 1.8 Mbps .	comp_adj	801
Old children were most likely to see commercials for sweets .	Older children were most likely to see commercials for sweets .	comp_adj	802
There have , naturally , been little exhibitions .	There have , naturally , been lesser exhibitions .	comp_adj	803
The market opened high but the gains quickly faded .	The market opened higher but the gains quickly faded .	comp_adj	804
I think British politics is the poor as a result .	I think British politics is the poorer as a result .	comp_adj	805
Broad market indexes also advanced .	Broader market indexes also advanced .	comp_adj	806
Old people with dementia are particularly vulnerable .	Older people with dementia are particularly vulnerable .	comp_adj	807
Many who lived in low-lying areas were seeking high ground .	Many who lived in low-lying areas were seeking higher ground .	comp_adj	808
It forecasts long delays for commuters .	It forecasts longer delays for commuters .	comp_adj	809
Uribe 's legs and low body are massaged daily to improve blood circulation .	Uribe 's legs and lower body are massaged daily to improve blood circulation .	comp_adj	810
New policies like this warrant great transparency before changes are made .	New policies like this warrant greater transparency before changes are made .	comp_adj	811
At 8 , she is the old rulemaker of our three grandchildren .	At 8 , she is the elder rulemaker of our three grandchildren .	comp_adj	812
We will force European consumers to pay high prices .	We will force European consumers to pay higher prices .	comp_adj	813
It is easy to just stay out here .	It is easier to just stay out here .	comp_adj	814
Small studies also have linked depression to smoking during pregnancy .	Smaller studies also have linked depression to smoking during pregnancy .	comp_adj	815
Small adjustments were made to some readings for some preceding years .	Smaller adjustments were made to some readings for some preceding years .	comp_adj	816
The fungus prefers cool soils , between 30 and 60 degrees .	The fungus prefers cooler soils , between 30 and 60 degrees .	comp_adj	817
Some may simply have been clever at hiding their losses .	Some may simply have been cleverer at hiding their losses .	comp_adj	818
Sakyo Yasuaki : Whatever people learn , you can be happy and enriched .	Sakyo Yasuaki : Whatever people learn , you can be happier and enriched .	comp_adj	819
And it could not have happened to a good person .	And it could not have happened to a better person .	comp_adj	820
Her young sister had made all-state in field hockey .	Her younger sister had made all-state in field hockey .	comp_adj	821
And the move could be a move towards broad use of the machines .	And the move could be a move towards broader use of the machines .	comp_adj	822
Tight credit has also become an issue in recent months .	Tighter credit has also become an issue in recent months .	comp_adj	823
He is playing big .	He is playing bigger .	comp_adj	824
Finally and most importantly , try to choose healthy foods in general .	Finally and most importantly , try to choose healthier foods in general .	comp_adj	825
Another would allow the government to negotiate low prescription drug prices for Medicare .	Another would allow the government to negotiate lower prescription drug prices for Medicare .	comp_adj	826
African American and Asian Indian households have somewhat high levels of ownership .	African American and Asian Indian households have somewhat higher levels of ownership .	comp_adj	827
Other banks raised a large proportion of money from savers .	Other banks raised a larger proportion of money from savers .	comp_adj	828
We hope cool heads prevail once Mr. Ahmadinejad leaves town .	We hope cooler heads prevail once Mr. Ahmadinejad leaves town .	comp_adj	829
We may even have good talent .	We may even have better talent .	comp_adj	830
Too bad it is not tough .	Too bad it is not tougher .	comp_adj	831
The low number of blends a candidate has the better !	The lower number of blends a candidate has the better !	comp_adj	832
Talk therapy was a safe alternative .	Talk therapy was a safer alternative .	comp_adj	833
Thus , the disease risk level for in-home pet sitting is considerably low .	Thus , the disease risk level for in-home pet sitting is considerably lower .	comp_adj	834
A good price Hotels are expensive .	A better price Hotels are expensive .	comp_adj	835
Crawford was called out on a bases-loaded ground .	Crawford was called out on a bases-loaded grounder .	comp_adj	836
NKorea to Declare Nuclear Programs Exploiting them has always be hard .	NKorea to Declare Nuclear Programs Exploiting them has always be harder .	comp_adj	837
Some small roasters just worship them , like they are these coffee megagods .	Some smaller roasters just worship them , like they are these coffee megagods .	comp_adj	838
That is the exact opposite of the smoking cessation patterns in young smokers .	That is the exact opposite of the smoking cessation patterns in younger smokers .	comp_adj	839
A broad problem is how to change the police department 's culture .	A broader problem is how to change the police department 's culture .	comp_adj	840
France and Germany and the European Union are building strong relationships with America .	France and Germany and the European Union are building stronger relationships with America .	comp_adj	841
And as the market drifted low , anxiety was on the upswing .	And as the market drifted lower , anxiety was on the upswing .	comp_adj	842
Some groups have gone to great lengths to tap these sources .	Some groups have gone to greater lengths to tap these sources .	comp_adj	843
The Dutch men may have been healthy .	The Dutch men may have been healthier .	comp_adj	844
Or they simply date old men who might not be as threatened .	Or they simply date older men who might not be as threatened .	comp_adj	845
But the former Massachusetts governor was gentle in criticizing Giuliani 's fiscal record .	But the former Massachusetts governor was gentler in criticizing Giuliani 's fiscal record .	comp_adj	846
AP : Does having children make you a good songwriter ?	AP : Does having children make you a better songwriter ?	comp_adj	847
I wish you were mean .	I wish you were meaner .	comp_adj	848
Now , she is looking at places that offer low prices .	Now , she is looking at places that offer lower prices .	comp_adj	849
Dignity can be sacrificed for the great good of the aesthetic vision .	Dignity can be sacrificed for the greater good of the aesthetic vision .	comp_adj	850
I still think I am funny .	I still think I am funnier .	comp_adj	851
Of course there is another , good reason for the band 's ascent .	Of course there is another , better reason for the band 's ascent .	comp_adj	852
Australia progressed to the final on a high points difference .	Australia progressed to the final on a higher points difference .	comp_adj	853
At the same time , Iraqi security forces would assume great responsibility .	At the same time , Iraqi security forces would assume greater responsibility .	comp_adj	854
The figure for the old group was 89.4 percent .	The figure for the older group was 89.4 percent .	comp_adj	855
Bellicose words are often followed by calm ones .	Bellicose words are often followed by calmer ones .	comp_adj	856
In contrast , legislative Republicans get low reviews : 40 percent approve .	In contrast , legislative Republicans get lower reviews : 40 percent approve .	comp_adj	857
Some of his high pay comes from working more efficiently .	Some of his higher pay comes from working more efficiently .	comp_adj	858
" I know the show is funny , " Stern says over lunch .	" I know the show is funnier , " Stern says over lunch .	comp_adj	859
There are bad legacies .	There are worse legacies .	comp_adj	860
Brady does a good job deflecting praise than opponents do deflecting his passes .	Brady does a better job deflecting praise than opponents do deflecting his passes .	comp_adj	861
Are they a good team ?	Are they a better team ?	comp_adj	862
But in other , proud cultures , inadequate efforts may only annoy .	But in other , prouder cultures , inadequate efforts may only annoy .	comp_adj	863
A large blast quickly followed , destroying two police vans .	A larger blast quickly followed , destroying two police vans .	comp_adj	864
For the concert he revamped some of his old hits .	For the concert he revamped some of his older hits .	comp_adj	865
Which is bad : foreclosure or bankruptcy ?	Which is worse : foreclosure or bankruptcy ?	comp_adj	866
Other indexes in the survey were high .	Other indexes in the survey were higher .	comp_adj	867
That does not mean it is easy , officials said .	That does not mean it is easier , officials said .	comp_adj	868
By all accounts , Chelsea School is now a far happy place .	By all accounts , Chelsea School is now a far happier place .	comp_adj	869
Painting a picture It is time to chart a clear path forward .	Painting a picture It is time to chart a clearer path forward .	comp_adj	870
As the small of the two firms , AMD faces three handicaps .	As the smaller of the two firms , AMD faces three handicaps .	comp_adj	871
Stocks were also low on Thursday .	Stocks were also lower on Thursday .	comp_adj	872
s mission to secure a good tomorrow for future generations .	s mission to secure a better tomorrow for future generations .	comp_adj	873
High aspirations changed my life .	Higher aspirations changed my life .	comp_adj	874
Sereno described it as a young cousin of the North American dinosaur Diplodicus .	Sereno described it as a younger cousin of the North American dinosaur Diplodicus .	comp_adj	875
Other crowd estimates were low .	Other crowd estimates were lower .	comp_adj	876
The lawsuit alleged old abuse , fraud and intentional infliction of emotional distress .	The lawsuit alleged elder abuse , fraud and intentional infliction of emotional distress .	comp_adj	877
He , too , faces a young , more charismatic threat .	He , too , faces a younger , more charismatic threat .	comp_adj	878
Other estimates are significantly great .	Other estimates are significantly greater .	comp_adj	879
The big Chinese factories on the tour had their own testing facilities .	The bigger Chinese factories on the tour had their own testing facilities .	comp_adj	880
Then began the difficult job of reconstructing Lakshmi 's low body .	Then began the difficult job of reconstructing Lakshmi 's lower body .	comp_adj	881
Another 1,000 were removed from low-lying coastal areas and small islands .	Another 1,000 were removed from low-lying coastal areas and smaller islands .	comp_adj	882
Other reports gave a low estimate .	Other reports gave a lower estimate .	comp_adj	883
Sizemore said he understands the punishment could have been bad .	Sizemore said he understands the punishment could have been worse .	comp_adj	884
A large problem for Crandell is his studentlike prose .	A larger problem for Crandell is his studentlike prose .	comp_adj	885
High energy prices will likely lead to a rally in commodity stocks .	Higher energy prices will likely lead to a rally in commodity stocks .	comp_adj	886
No. 2 is high oil prices .	No. 2 is higher oil prices .	comp_adj	887
We need a far good approach on No Child Left Behind .	We need a far better approach on No Child Left Behind .	comp_adj	888
Mautz recalls having sex about once a week in her young years .	Mautz recalls having sex about once a week in her younger years .	comp_adj	889
Renault is confident of putting in a good performance for 2008 .	Renault is confident of putting in a better performance for 2008 .	comp_adj	890
id = 1751842007 She shouldn 't have necessarily expected good treatment .	id = 1751842007 She shouldn 't have necessarily expected better treatment .	comp_adj	891
Musharraf May Declare Pakistan Emergency Now other companies are setting up high hurdles .	Musharraf May Declare Pakistan Emergency Now other companies are setting up higher hurdles .	comp_adj	892
Broad stock indicators also declined , but finished the year higher .	Broader stock indicators also declined , but finished the year higher .	comp_adj	893
But his friends say he has a dark side .	But his friends say he has a darker side .	comp_adj	894
Another 1,000 people were removed from low-lying coastal areas and small islands .	Another 1,000 people were removed from low-lying coastal areas and smaller islands .	comp_adj	895
And for many rural residents the high levels of schooling are becoming unaffordable .	And for many rural residents the higher levels of schooling are becoming unaffordable .	comp_adj	896
It is a long one now .	It is a longer one now .	comp_adj	897
Another is to move salmon pens to good locations .	Another is to move salmon pens to better locations .	comp_adj	898
Other candidates are close to this false Mormon stereotype .	Other candidates are closer to this false Mormon stereotype .	comp_adj	899
Can fiction make the world a good place ?	Can fiction make the world a better place ?	comp_adj	900
Analysts surveyed by Yahoo Finance had projected a strong 87.5 showing .	Analysts surveyed by Yahoo Finance had projected a stronger 87.5 showing .	comp_adj	901
Broad indexes also declined .	Broader indexes also declined .	comp_adj	902
The Club for Growth favors low taxes and reduced government spending .	The Club for Growth favors lower taxes and reduced government spending .	comp_adj	903
American producers are also benefiting from strong growth overseas .	American producers are also benefiting from stronger growth overseas .	comp_adj	904
It plans to keep about 675 stations , mostly in large metropolitan areas .	It plans to keep about 675 stations , mostly in larger metropolitan areas .	comp_adj	905
To a little extent , O 'Brien has the same advantage .	To a lesser extent , O 'Brien has the same advantage .	comp_adj	906
The Russian low house of parliament will discuss the issue on November 6 .	The Russian lower house of parliament will discuss the issue on November 6 .	comp_adj	907
Now I have to find a big dream .	Now I have to find a bigger dream .	comp_adj	908
Young patients often recover better .	Younger patients often recover better .	comp_adj	909
His powers also work on ripe prey .	His powers also work on riper prey .	comp_adj	910
A close look reveals a much different scene .	A closer look reveals a much different scene .	comp_adj	911
He was hit in the low back and the left thigh .	He was hit in the lower back and the left thigh .	comp_adj	912
He said there also needs to be great help for support services .	He said there also needs to be greater help for support services .	comp_adj	913
Weak earnings from Exxon Mobil also dampens the mood .	Weaker earnings from Exxon Mobil also dampens the mood .	comp_adj	914
Perhaps Roger Goodell will have a stern view .	Perhaps Roger Goodell will have a sterner view .	comp_adj	915
There was a small South African contingent among the arrivals from London .	There was a smaller South African contingent among the arrivals from London .	comp_adj	916
It continues to hold appeal , even to a young generation .	It continues to hold appeal , even to a younger generation .	comp_adj	917
Linda acknowledged that the A.L.C.S. could have been bad .	Linda acknowledged that the A.L.C.S. could have been worse .	comp_adj	918
And old people responded only to the positive scenes .	And older people responded only to the positive scenes .	comp_adj	919
Mfg.com , for instance , matches equipment manufacturers with small component suppliers .	Mfg.com , for instance , matches equipment manufacturers with smaller component suppliers .	comp_adj	920
FTI refined the FTI Partner Program to support a wide range of partners .	FTI refined the FTI Partner Program to support a wider range of partners .	comp_adj	921
The standards for the little offenses would have been different .	The standards for the lesser offenses would have been different .	comp_adj	922
In simple terms , should context affect how we experience wine ?	In simpler terms , should context affect how we experience wine ?	comp_adj	923
Berlin belongs to a cold climate .	Berlin belongs to a colder climate .	comp_adj	924
This adds to accuracy , and has a high success rate .	This adds to accuracy , and has a higher success rate .	comp_adj	925
Most Americans are already seeing the impact through high gas prices .	Most Americans are already seeing the impact through higher gas prices .	comp_adj	926
The same applies in old age groups .	The same applies in older age groups .	comp_adj	927
I hope my fight against cancer will inch us close to a cure .	I hope my fight against cancer will inch us closer to a cure .	comp_adj	928
And incidentally , what 's bad ?	And incidentally , what 's worse ?	comp_adj	929
Roddick needed medical treatment on his low back during the 72-minute humbling .	Roddick needed medical treatment on his lower back during the 72-minute humbling .	comp_adj	930
Within small enclaves life is slowly trickling back to normal .	Within smaller enclaves life is slowly trickling back to normal .	comp_adj	931
Quite honestly , I am surprised that percentage is not high .	Quite honestly , I am surprised that percentage is not higher .	comp_adj	932
The Airbus plane will have great airlift capacity and range than the Hercules .	The Airbus plane will have greater airlift capacity and range than the Hercules .	comp_adj	933
Had I seemed desperate or , bad , pathetic at 48 ?	Had I seemed desperate or , worse , pathetic at 48 ?	comp_adj	934
He did not ask my old brother for a contribution .	He did not ask my older brother for a contribution .	comp_adj	935
Two members actually voted no to high fares .	Two members actually voted no to higher fares .	comp_adj	936
She found a new one , but at a low salary .	She found a new one , but at a lower salary .	comp_adj	937
Some former prisoners have described harsh conditions at Evin .	Some former prisoners have described harsher conditions at Evin .	comp_adj	938
A good bet is catching Willie Col ?	A better bet is catching Willie Col ?	comp_adj	939
" This has to do with being smart , " Behrman said .	" This has to do with being smarter , " Behrman said .	comp_adj	940
Single-mode systems also have heavy motors , making them less ideal for towing .	Single-mode systems also have heavier motors , making them less ideal for towing .	comp_adj	941
s continued commitment to high education and professional development .	s continued commitment to higher education and professional development .	comp_adj	942
FERGAL 'S old brother had worked for a number of bookmakers .	FERGAL 'S older brother had worked for a number of bookmakers .	comp_adj	943
But if turnout is low , aren 't all the parties hit equally ?	But if turnout is lower , aren 't all the parties hit equally ?	comp_adj	944
Another question is the effect of warm weather on species ranges .	Another question is the effect of warmer weather on species ranges .	comp_adj	945
It is just cold at altitude .	It is just colder at altitude .	comp_adj	946
Next week it will be on a small scale , a Colchester .	Next week it will be on a smaller scale , a Colchester .	comp_adj	947
Q. So your upfront costs are low .	Q. So your upfront costs are lower .	comp_adj	948
Some of the large shops offer thousands of items .	Some of the larger shops offer thousands of items .	comp_adj	949
Another proposal calls for focusing resources on risky products tires , for example .	Another proposal calls for focusing resources on riskier products tires , for example .	comp_adj	950
Among individual issues , 29 out of 30 Dow components finished low .	Among individual issues , 29 out of 30 Dow components finished lower .	comp_adj	951
The top brass demanded good training .	The top brass demanded better training .	comp_adj	952
Let 's take a close look .	Let 's take a closer look .	comp_adj	953
I was not trying to dig deep to find answers .	I was not trying to dig deeper to find answers .	comp_adj	954
The Zambrano questions also irritated Piniella because they missed the big picture .	The Zambrano questions also irritated Piniella because they missed the bigger picture .	comp_adj	955
The Storegga slip off the coast of Norway was also large .	The Storegga slip off the coast of Norway was also larger .	comp_adj	956
Gay believes Brauman 's situation has helped him become a good athlete .	Gay believes Brauman 's situation has helped him become a better athlete .	comp_adj	957
Will we have great dependence on retail deposits ?	Will we have greater dependence on retail deposits ?	comp_adj	958
Others are close to MIT 's Cambridge , Mass .	Others are closer to MIT 's Cambridge , Mass .	comp_adj	959
The company also had a small provision for income taxes during the quarter .	The company also had a smaller provision for income taxes during the quarter .	comp_adj	960
It is our right to demand a high standard .	It is our right to demand a higher standard .	comp_adj	961
The director retorted that the military should have had good oversight .	The director retorted that the military should have had better oversight .	comp_adj	962
Changing running backs could have a wide effect on the offense .	Changing running backs could have a wider effect on the offense .	comp_adj	963
The first came on a ground to second by Hideki Matsui .	The first came on a grounder to second by Hideki Matsui .	comp_adj	964
Certainly , Britain is friendly to shareholders than is America .	Certainly , Britain is friendlier to shareholders than is America .	comp_adj	965
IVS leverages advances in technology to help people good care for pets .	IVS leverages advances in technology to help people better care for pets .	comp_adj	966
And some parts beg for full treatment .	And some parts beg for fuller treatment .	comp_adj	967
Many political scientists favour a system with small constituencies .	Many political scientists favour a system with smaller constituencies .	comp_adj	968
There is a high probability rates will decrease rather than increase .	There is a higher probability rates will decrease rather than increase .	comp_adj	969
Cruise 's old kids were rarely seen before they hit age 10 .	Cruise 's elder kids were rarely seen before they hit age 10 .	comp_adj	970
Glimpses can tantalize , but eventually one craves a good view .	Glimpses can tantalize , but eventually one craves a better view .	comp_adj	971
An increase in production could send prices low .	An increase in production could send prices lower .	comp_adj	972
He has sought to low expectations .	He has sought to lower expectations .	comp_adj	973
The group 's shares closed 2.75p high at 193p .	The group 's shares closed 2.75p higher at 193p .	comp_adj	974
AARP has urged EBSA to require good fee disclosure by plan administrators .	AARP has urged EBSA to require better fee disclosure by plan administrators .	comp_adj	975
And old IQ tests were even less precise than modern ones .	And older IQ tests were even less precise than modern ones .	comp_adj	976
Those declines also mean U.S. consumers face high prices for imported goods .	Those declines also mean U.S. consumers face higher prices for imported goods .	comp_adj	977
And I knew something big had just begun .	And I knew something bigger had just begun .	comp_adj	978
When asked if this were part of a large strategy , Dodd demurred .	When asked if this were part of a larger strategy , Dodd demurred .	comp_adj	979
BJ 's is dwarfed by large rivals Costco Wholesale Corp. and Wal-Mart Inc .	BJ 's is dwarfed by larger rivals Costco Wholesale Corp. and Wal-Mart Inc .	comp_adj	980
Thor , without providing a number , said the figure was low .	Thor , without providing a number , said the figure was lower .	comp_adj	981
Obstacles to warm ties persist , with senior officials often exchanging barbs .	Obstacles to warmer ties persist , with senior officials often exchanging barbs .	comp_adj	982
Or bad : It could just be inhuman nature .	Or worse : It could just be inhuman nature .	comp_adj	983
YeboTV hopes to have good luck .	YeboTV hopes to have better luck .	comp_adj	984
As they grow old , it develops .	As they grow older , it develops .	comp_adj	985
Why would a mortgaged home be easy to sell ?	Why would a mortgaged home be easier to sell ?	comp_adj	986
Officials say the total could go high .	Officials say the total could go higher .	comp_adj	987
A young man greeted her exactly that way .	A younger man greeted her exactly that way .	comp_adj	988
That argument has already been accepted by a low court .	That argument has already been accepted by a lower court .	comp_adj	989
The strength in technology and energy helped lead stocks high Friday .	The strength in technology and energy helped lead stocks higher Friday .	comp_adj	990
The government of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero has cultivated friendly relations with Morocco .	The government of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero has cultivated friendlier relations with Morocco .	comp_adj	991
Imada had a bogey free round on the short Palm golf course .	Imada had a bogey free round on the shorter Palm golf course .	comp_adj	992
But analysts said expectations of tight supplies ahead still may limit the decline .	But analysts said expectations of tighter supplies ahead still may limit the decline .	comp_adj	993
Alcohol and acetaminophen can cause live damage .	Alcohol and acetaminophen can cause liver damage .	comp_adj	994
The increase resulted primarily from high net revenues from firm capacity reservation fees .	The increase resulted primarily from higher net revenues from firm capacity reservation fees .	comp_adj	995
But it is worth trying , because the alternatives are bad .	But it is worth trying , because the alternatives are worse .	comp_adj	996
So how can Oprah emerge from this a good person ?	So how can Oprah emerge from this a better person ?	comp_adj	997
London Business School 's Nigel Nicholson takes a close look at the issue .	London Business School 's Nigel Nicholson takes a closer look at the issue .	comp_adj	998
The small upstarts have actually made inroads .	The smaller upstarts have actually made inroads .	comp_adj	999
And while some are under sustained pressure , the wide outlook is improving .	And while some are under sustained pressure , the wider outlook is improving .	comp_adj	1000
The young audience members shrieked .	The younger audience members shrieked .	comp_adj	1001
The congressmen from these districts all advocate stiff border controls .	The congressmen from these districts all advocate stiffer border controls .	comp_adj	1002
On Oct. 1 , it announced low prices on select toys .	On Oct. 1 , it announced lower prices on select toys .	comp_adj	1003
Financial services stocks were one sector leading futures high .	Financial services stocks were one sector leading futures higher .	comp_adj	1004
Did he mean weeks , or months , or long ?	Did he mean weeks , or months , or longer ?	comp_adj	1005
Second-year defensive tackle Barry Cofield seemed to have a good perspective .	Second-year defensive tackle Barry Cofield seemed to have a better perspective .	comp_adj	1006
They should not be " free riders " as large countries adjust .	They should not be " free riders " as larger countries adjust .	comp_adj	1007
However , its rivals added subscribers at a fast pace .	However , its rivals added subscribers at a faster pace .	comp_adj	1008
We could not have asked for a good race season .	We could not have asked for a better race season .	comp_adj	1009
Still , not everybody was heeding the calls to head for high ground .	Still , not everybody was heeding the calls to head for higher ground .	comp_adj	1010
This added burden of disease has led to high health costs overall .	This added burden of disease has led to higher health costs overall .	comp_adj	1011
" Business has never been busy , " she says .	" Business has never been busier , " she says .	comp_adj	1012
Take good care of yourself , please .	Take better care of yourself , please .	comp_adj	1013
Sacramone finished .025 behind her young teammate .	Sacramone finished .025 behind her younger teammate .	comp_adj	1014
Then came lean times .	Then came leaner times .	comp_adj	1015
Give on the high end for especially heavy bags .	Give on the higher end for especially heavy bags .	comp_adj	1016
Take the replacement of the wooden driver with the far springy titanium club .	Take the replacement of the wooden driver with the far springier titanium club .	comp_adj	1017
SIPPs are thought to be most suited to high net worth individuals .	SIPPs are thought to be most suited to higher net worth individuals .	comp_adj	1018
Football will always be far big and different .	Football will always be far bigger and different .	comp_adj	1019
It is approved for people 60 and old , and you are 45 .	It is approved for people 60 and older , and you are 45 .	comp_adj	1020
The facts suggest an altogether cosey accommodation between the aspirants and the incumbents .	The facts suggest an altogether cosier accommodation between the aspirants and the incumbents .	comp_adj	1021
They drill deep .	They drill deeper .	comp_adj	1022
Perhaps a broad question is : What constitutes acceptable behavior ?	Perhaps a broader question is : What constitutes acceptable behavior ?	comp_adj	1023
It seems easy for many people to pretend it is not happening .	It seems easier for many people to pretend it is not happening .	comp_adj	1024
I cannot think of high praise .	I cannot think of higher praise .	comp_adj	1025
Her old brother was running around and she was envying him .	Her older brother was running around and she was envying him .	comp_adj	1026
But Whisenhunt wanted to wait for a good job .	But Whisenhunt wanted to wait for a better job .	comp_adj	1027
It is this small size that has some podiatrists concerned .	It is this smaller size that has some podiatrists concerned .	comp_adj	1028
It also permits negotiations on a broad power-sharing pact with Ms. Bhutto .	It also permits negotiations on a broader power-sharing pact with Ms. Bhutto .	comp_adj	1029
But do not discount the small Cirque , either .	But do not discount the smaller Cirque , either .	comp_adj	1030
This is all of us needing to do a good job .	This is all of us needing to do a better job .	comp_adj	1031
With low demand for loans , lenders lower interest rates .	With lower demand for loans , lenders lower interest rates .	comp_adj	1032
Today 's problem is big .	Today 's problem is bigger .	comp_adj	1033
Q : Do you think the British press is hard on you ?	Q : Do you think the British press is harder on you ?	comp_adj	1034
High energy prices and a weakening dollar are also hanging over the market .	Higher energy prices and a weakening dollar are also hanging over the market .	comp_adj	1035
Broad stock indexes fell .	Broader stock indexes fell .	comp_adj	1036
Some airlines have switched to large aircraft .	Some airlines have switched to larger aircraft .	comp_adj	1037
Mr. McKay said he now prefers small events in outlying towns .	Mr. McKay said he now prefers smaller events in outlying towns .	comp_adj	1038
A strong dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers , dampening demand .	A stronger dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers , dampening demand .	comp_adj	1039
I tried , but it was more difficult than the short final .	I tried , but it was more difficult than the shorter final .	comp_adj	1040
" " Out of the four elementary schools , Fernbrook was noticeably low .	" " Out of the four elementary schools , Fernbrook was noticeably lower .	comp_adj	1041
No such risk was seen among light drinkers .	No such risk was seen among lighter drinkers .	comp_adj	1042
Among women with PCOS , the rate is near 5-10 % .	Among women with PCOS , the rate is nearer 5-10 % .	comp_adj	1043
But his parents and old sister did not survive .	But his parents and older sister did not survive .	comp_adj	1044
Ms. Martineau had a handful of homey rentals to show her .	Ms. Martineau had a handful of homier rentals to show her .	comp_adj	1045
I taught him as my own beloved young brother .	I taught him as my own beloved younger brother .	comp_adj	1046
Ibragimov 's fast hands and feet kept him ahead on the scorecards .	Ibragimov 's faster hands and feet kept him ahead on the scorecards .	comp_adj	1047
Firm Plexicushion has replaced the Rebound Ace court surface at Melbourne Park .	Firmer Plexicushion has replaced the Rebound Ace court surface at Melbourne Park .	comp_adj	1048
Wouldn 't Facebook be a smart buy ?	Wouldn 't Facebook be a smarter buy ?	comp_adj	1049
Analysts surveyed by Thomson expected high revenue , an estimated $ 1.77 billion .	Analysts surveyed by Thomson expected higher revenue , an estimated $ 1.77 billion .	comp_adj	1050
Lagon admitted that Washington gave great priority to the nuclear arms problem .	Lagon admitted that Washington gave greater priority to the nuclear arms problem .	comp_adj	1051
Perhaps this acknowledges a reality of trying to reach a wide audience .	Perhaps this acknowledges a reality of trying to reach a wider audience .	comp_adj	1052
Will it make the anxious bicycle owners of Scotland feel safe at night ?	Will it make the anxious bicycle owners of Scotland feel safer at night ?	comp_adj	1053
a single global culture of common denominators that evolve ever low .	a single global culture of common denominators that evolve ever lower .	comp_adj	1054
Maximum sustained winds were near 35 mph with high gusts .	Maximum sustained winds were near 35 mph with higher gusts .	comp_adj	1055
This compensates for traditional bulbs being cheap to buy .	This compensates for traditional bulbs being cheaper to buy .	comp_adj	1056
There should be a far great commitment to exporting .	There should be a far greater commitment to exporting .	comp_adj	1057
Several doctors have offices nearby so old patients can walk to their appointments .	Several doctors have offices nearby so older patients can walk to their appointments .	comp_adj	1058
Small nonprofits that might be expected to show growth are struggling to survive .	Smaller nonprofits that might be expected to show growth are struggling to survive .	comp_adj	1059
But a fast track beckoned .	But a faster track beckoned .	comp_adj	1060
You cannot imagine a cool thing as a kid .	You cannot imagine a cooler thing as a kid .	comp_adj	1061
Other superheroes crowded around to get a close look .	Other superheroes crowded around to get a closer look .	comp_adj	1062
A year ago , rates on the various mortgage types were all high .	A year ago , rates on the various mortgage types were all higher .	comp_adj	1063
Broad stock indicators were mixed .	Broader stock indicators were mixed .	comp_adj	1064
Hundreds of small drips , most near the ceiling , were also found .	Hundreds of smaller drips , most near the ceiling , were also found .	comp_adj	1065
At first the old artist was puzzled , then defensive , then dismayed .	At first the older artist was puzzled , then defensive , then dismayed .	comp_adj	1066
Recruitment problems were also bad in special schools .	Recruitment problems were also worse in special schools .	comp_adj	1067
Panamanian media say the death toll could be close to 50 .	Panamanian media say the death toll could be closer to 50 .	comp_adj	1068
The opposition is pushing for snap elections for the low house .	The opposition is pushing for snap elections for the lower house .	comp_adj	1069
Creating that ubiquity for a brand in the nondigital world is tough .	Creating that ubiquity for a brand in the nondigital world is tougher .	comp_adj	1070
He says armed forces will play great role in fighting crime .	He says armed forces will play greater role in fighting crime .	comp_adj	1071
It could also lead to their retirement at a low grade .	It could also lead to their retirement at a lower grade .	comp_adj	1072
Hold onto old cards .	Hold onto older cards .	comp_adj	1073
Even once recruited , the young people pose challenges for sampling studies .	Even once recruited , the younger people pose challenges for sampling studies .	comp_adj	1074
Israel wants something vague .	Israel wants something vaguer .	comp_adj	1075
They are just doing it in a good fashion .	They are just doing it in a better fashion .	comp_adj	1076
Hormonal imbalance may keep heavy women from nursing , study finds Missing Wash .	Hormonal imbalance may keep heavier women from nursing , study finds Missing Wash .	comp_adj	1077
Only the Browns , with 145 turnovers , have been bad .	Only the Browns , with 145 turnovers , have been worse .	comp_adj	1078
The good odds also are due to better medical treatment and other advances .	The better odds also are due to better medical treatment and other advances .	comp_adj	1079
She has low hurdles to convince voters she is not a negative stereotype .	She has lower hurdles to convince voters she is not a negative stereotype .	comp_adj	1080
Give it a little help and it goes both fast and farther .	Give it a little help and it goes both faster and farther .	comp_adj	1081
It is now simple to set up and configure than Windows .	It is now simpler to set up and configure than Windows .	comp_adj	1082
They will also be free to tempt business away from the traditional exchanges .	They will also be freer to tempt business away from the traditional exchanges .	comp_adj	1083
Environmental stability will be hard to achieve .	Environmental stability will be harder to achieve .	comp_adj	1084
We have got a large volume of high-budget blockbusters .	We have got a larger volume of high-budget blockbusters .	comp_adj	1085
Japanese exporter were also helped by the soft yen .	Japanese exporter were also helped by the softer yen .	comp_adj	1086
Young might seem irrational .	Younger might seem irrational .	comp_adj	1087
Abstinence from alcohol , another church practice , was a tough sell .	Abstinence from alcohol , another church practice , was a tougher sell .	comp_adj	1088
The broker said it saw good value elsewhere in Europe .	The broker said it saw better value elsewhere in Europe .	comp_adj	1089
Much of the production in the region comes from small underground mines .	Much of the production in the region comes from smaller underground mines .	comp_adj	1090
Buyers might find it tough to qualify for a mortgage .	Buyers might find it tougher to qualify for a mortgage .	comp_adj	1091
Summers , however , in a speech last week , urged bold action .	Summers , however , in a speech last week , urged bolder action .	comp_adj	1092
There cannot be a stark indication of the shift in global economic power .	There cannot be a starker indication of the shift in global economic power .	comp_adj	1093
You need to develop good outer-directedness and responsiveness .	You need to develop better outer-directedness and responsiveness .	comp_adj	1094
It has led me to think harder , make smart decisions .	It has led me to think harder , make smarter decisions .	comp_adj	1095
It burned about 196,000 acres before combining with the small Poomacha blaze .	It burned about 196,000 acres before combining with the smaller Poomacha blaze .	comp_adj	1096
No , Mr. Ghesquiere 's flower power feels emotionally strong , more charged .	No , Mr. Ghesquiere 's flower power feels emotionally stronger , more charged .	comp_adj	1097
It is easy not to do anything .	It is easier not to do anything .	comp_adj	1098
He faced a tough field , but the result was no different .	He faced a tougher field , but the result was no different .	comp_adj	1099
The other two bedrooms are on the low level .	The other two bedrooms are on the lower level .	comp_adj	1100
Great prosperity has brought mortgages and credit-card debts .	Greater prosperity has brought mortgages and credit-card debts .	comp_adj	1101
There may be other , grim reasons the civilian death toll has receded .	There may be other , grimmer reasons the civilian death toll has receded .	comp_adj	1102
Certainly one can try to low expectations and manage the cold disappointment .	Certainly one can try to lower expectations and manage the cold disappointment .	comp_adj	1103
Tough curbs on cigarette smuggling can have the same effect .	Tougher curbs on cigarette smuggling can have the same effect .	comp_adj	1104
Thomas Jones ripped off four gains of eight yards or long .	Thomas Jones ripped off four gains of eight yards or longer .	comp_adj	1105
" These young kids want healthy food , " he said .	" These young kids want healthier food , " he said .	comp_adj	1106
It feels sweet to be here now .	It feels sweeter to be here now .	comp_adj	1107
The high currency makes Japanese exports more expensive and less competitive overseas .	The higher currency makes Japanese exports more expensive and less competitive overseas .	comp_adj	1108
The perceived soft stance has angered many pro-independence hard-liners .	The perceived softer stance has angered many pro-independence hard-liners .	comp_adj	1109
The old generation , including my parents , are not so pleased .	The older generation , including my parents , are not so pleased .	comp_adj	1110
Perhaps some straitened banks found the money on good terms elsewhere .	Perhaps some straitened banks found the money on better terms elsewhere .	comp_adj	1111
But there was some good news from Goldman Sachs on Tuesday .	But there was some better news from Goldman Sachs on Tuesday .	comp_adj	1112
That entitled us to a discount when we decided to buy good binoculars .	That entitled us to a discount when we decided to buy better binoculars .	comp_adj	1113
The games we have played have consistently gotten tough .	The games we have played have consistently gotten tougher .	comp_adj	1114
Broad market indexes also rose sharply .	Broader market indexes also rose sharply .	comp_adj	1115
It is not hard , just different .	It is not harder , just different .	comp_adj	1116
Of the two , the O Street station carries a considerably small volume .	Of the two , the O Street station carries a considerably smaller volume .	comp_adj	1117
But the big reason for sitting Peterson intersects with Wilf 's own self-interest .	But the bigger reason for sitting Peterson intersects with Wilf 's own self-interest .	comp_adj	1118
They were the good team and this is their victory .	They were the better team and this is their victory .	comp_adj	1119
Chloe gathered the small girl on her lap and rocked her .	Chloe gathered the smaller girl on her lap and rocked her .	comp_adj	1120
At 33 , he is young and more hotheaded even than Mr Saakashvili .	At 33 , he is younger and more hotheaded even than Mr Saakashvili .	comp_adj	1121
Gibbs was going gray by the day .	Gibbs was going grayer by the day .	comp_adj	1122
Consumers could also choose to pay for a fast , ad-free service .	Consumers could also choose to pay for a faster , ad-free service .	comp_adj	1123
" Our children deserve access to free high education , " he said .	" Our children deserve access to free higher education , " he said .	comp_adj	1124
How can you be part of a large entity without losing your identity ?	How can you be part of a larger entity without losing your identity ?	comp_adj	1125
I want to just help them make good decisions .	I want to just help them make better decisions .	comp_adj	1126
Now , similar robots at low cost are possible in the consumer market .	Now , similar robots at lower cost are possible in the consumer market .	comp_adj	1127
" Wristcutters " belongs to a rare species : it is genuinely eccentric .	" Wristcutters " belongs to a rarer species : it is genuinely eccentric .	comp_adj	1128
, is expected to seek great greenhouse gas cuts .	, is expected to seek greater greenhouse gas cuts .	comp_adj	1129
Since then the big brewers have picked off small targets around the world .	Since then the big brewers have picked off smaller targets around the world .	comp_adj	1130
Most attribute the changes to generally tight credit for corporations and individuals .	Most attribute the changes to generally tighter credit for corporations and individuals .	comp_adj	1131
It is hard to mitigate the immense economic damage natural disasters inflict .	It is harder to mitigate the immense economic damage natural disasters inflict .	comp_adj	1132
Four of the defendants had faced little charges before Tuesday 's filings .	Four of the defendants had faced lesser charges before Tuesday 's filings .	comp_adj	1133
However , the disease can be more severe in old people .	However , the disease can be more severe in older people .	comp_adj	1134
IBM and Hewlett-Packard Co. have invested in good ways to manage cooling systems .	IBM and Hewlett-Packard Co. have invested in better ways to manage cooling systems .	comp_adj	1135
Small waves were recorded further down the coast .	Smaller waves were recorded further down the coast .	comp_adj	1136
The NFC 's a bit dicey .	The NFC 's a bit dicier .	comp_adj	1137
The low patio area surrounds the pool .	The lower patio area surrounds the pool .	comp_adj	1138
And Ms. Danilow could not be happy .	And Ms. Danilow could not be happier .	comp_adj	1139
The wide 10km surveillance zone remains in place .	The wider 10km surveillance zone remains in place .	comp_adj	1140
The old Miliband has a sense of humour .	The elder Miliband has a sense of humour .	comp_adj	1141
Multiple gene changes mean a high susceptibility for developing a disease .	Multiple gene changes mean a higher susceptibility for developing a disease .	comp_adj	1142
Consequently , it is simple to buy a factory-installed multichannel system .	Consequently , it is simpler to buy a factory-installed multichannel system .	comp_adj	1143
Could we start with an easy question ?	Could we start with an easier question ?	comp_adj	1144
It just so happens that we are getting good genetics from northern hybrids .	It just so happens that we are getting better genetics from northern hybrids .	comp_adj	1145
I figured it would make me a strong person .	I figured it would make me a stronger person .	comp_adj	1146
If this is right , then great transparency would be the best antidote .	If this is right , then greater transparency would be the best antidote .	comp_adj	1147
A young George Steinbrenner would never have let this go so far .	A younger George Steinbrenner would never have let this go so far .	comp_adj	1148
Esa is discussing with Arianespace how this long integration period could be accommodated .	Esa is discussing with Arianespace how this longer integration period could be accommodated .	comp_adj	1149
The young Mele spent part of his early years in Henderson , Tex .	The younger Mele spent part of his early years in Henderson , Tex .	comp_adj	1150
There was a time when it was simple .	There was a time when it was simpler .	comp_adj	1151
Lincoln has to try hard , or motor into oblivion .	Lincoln has to try harder , or motor into oblivion .	comp_adj	1152
The groups staged small rallies in Islamabad and the southern city of Karachi .	The groups staged smaller rallies in Islamabad and the southern city of Karachi .	comp_adj	1153
, is taking advantage of low room rates this December .	, is taking advantage of lower room rates this December .	comp_adj	1154
Your low back and tailbone should rest on the floor .	Your lower back and tailbone should rest on the floor .	comp_adj	1155
Cells that are less connected have a hard time sending messages .	Cells that are less connected have a harder time sending messages .	comp_adj	1156
Others trained a wide lens on a generation of postwar women .	Others trained a wider lens on a generation of postwar women .	comp_adj	1157
We are strong when we are looking for ways to make progress together .	We are stronger when we are looking for ways to make progress together .	comp_adj	1158
How many other , young designers will reach such a milestone ?	How many other , younger designers will reach such a milestone ?	comp_adj	1159
Tight credit is also becoming a problem for retailers .	Tighter credit is also becoming a problem for retailers .	comp_adj	1160
Why should I have expected another room to be in good condition ?	Why should I have expected another room to be in better condition ?	comp_adj	1161
But they believe the ingredient could help produce good pesticides in future .	But they believe the ingredient could help produce better pesticides in future .	comp_adj	1162
I guess fairy tales make good stories .	I guess fairy tales make better stories .	comp_adj	1163
He knows from years of practice that brevity brings good crowds .	He knows from years of practice that brevity brings better crowds .	comp_adj	1164
" I think I am probably easy to date , " he says .	" I think I am probably easier to date , " he says .	comp_adj	1165
Anything longer could signal a great problem , such as oral cancer .	Anything longer could signal a greater problem , such as oral cancer .	comp_adj	1166
Rival custody banks also posted high profits this week .	Rival custody banks also posted higher profits this week .	comp_adj	1167
The study found people treated with minocycline had significantly good outcomes .	The study found people treated with minocycline had significantly better outcomes .	comp_adj	1168
Some museums also create programs for old adults .	Some museums also create programs for older adults .	comp_adj	1169
Our high profile might even help to change government policy a bit .	Our higher profile might even help to change government policy a bit .	comp_adj	1170
This will make for a big media splash .	This will make for a bigger media splash .	comp_adj	1171
That forces them to be mentally tough , which helps them stick together .	That forces them to be mentally tougher , which helps them stick together .	comp_adj	1172
I have had a non-relationship with my old sister for years .	I have had a non-relationship with my elder sister for years .	comp_adj	1173
High freight revenues in the current-year quarter caused the gross margin decline .	Higher freight revenues in the current-year quarter caused the gross margin decline .	comp_adj	1174
Or maybe it gave him a good excuse to make a switch .	Or maybe it gave him a better excuse to make a switch .	comp_adj	1175
Also consider flying into small regional airports .	Also consider flying into smaller regional airports .	comp_adj	1176
Many of the newly wealthy immediately want a large house , she said .	Many of the newly wealthy immediately want a larger house , she said .	comp_adj	1177
But the ones in 2008 are strong .	But the ones in 2008 are stronger .	comp_adj	1178
Not good enough , close Jonathan Papelbon said .	Not good enough , closer Jonathan Papelbon said .	comp_adj	1179
Every year , we experience great rewards in working with them .	Every year , we experience greater rewards in working with them .	comp_adj	1180
Pity the surrounding countryside is not pretty , though .	Pity the surrounding countryside is not prettier , though .	comp_adj	1181
GRIFFIN : To put a big body on TV .	GRIFFIN : To put a bigger body on TV .	comp_adj	1182
They have been given great managerial freedom and have been paid accordingly .	They have been given greater managerial freedom and have been paid accordingly .	comp_adj	1183
You get good coverage -- and no splattering .	You get better coverage -- and no splattering .	comp_adj	1184
The Travelall was followed by the small Scout in 1961 .	The Travelall was followed by the smaller Scout in 1961 .	comp_adj	1185
Maryland would not be alone in imposing high rates on upper-income earners .	Maryland would not be alone in imposing higher rates on upper-income earners .	comp_adj	1186
Strong principal investing results and high traditional banking fees also contributed to growth .	Strong principal investing results and higher traditional banking fees also contributed to growth .	comp_adj	1187
And everybody does , though the large balls also have disco rooms .	And everybody does , though the larger balls also have disco rooms .	comp_adj	1188
By Monday , the last thing the people of Lakeview felt was safe .	By Monday , the last thing the people of Lakeview felt was safer .	comp_adj	1189
" We are strong having come here , " Mr Soto says .	" We are stronger having come here , " Mr Soto says .	comp_adj	1190
Harris was shot in the low left leg .	Harris was shot in the lower left leg .	comp_adj	1191
But the large tale is about the spread of omertà culture .	But the larger tale is about the spread of omertà culture .	comp_adj	1192
The public is practical and wants tough enforcement .	The public is practical and wants tougher enforcement .	comp_adj	1193
Stock markets overseas were mostly high .	Stock markets overseas were mostly higher .	comp_adj	1194
But the big blazes are in Malibu .	But the bigger blazes are in Malibu .	comp_adj	1195
Today , the Internet has indeed transformed high education .	Today , the Internet has indeed transformed higher education .	comp_adj	1196
But small movies are likely to become a permanent fixture in their lives .	But smaller movies are likely to become a permanent fixture in their lives .	comp_adj	1197
Kingman and its small sidekick , Heritage , are man-made islands .	Kingman and its smaller sidekick , Heritage , are man-made islands .	comp_adj	1198
The postponement of the polls should be viewed against the wide Maoist strategy .	The postponement of the polls should be viewed against the wider Maoist strategy .	comp_adj	1199
Viewers were left none the wise .	Viewers were left none the wiser .	comp_adj	1200
" " An alcohol issue is easy to detect .	" " An alcohol issue is easier to detect .	comp_adj	1201
Escobar scored on a ground to third by Jeff Francoeur .	Escobar scored on a grounder to third by Jeff Francoeur .	comp_adj	1202
The bridge 's low level remained closed into the early evening yesterday .	The bridge 's lower level remained closed into the early evening yesterday .	comp_adj	1203
Only Texas has a high rate .	Only Texas has a higher rate .	comp_adj	1204
Other governments are quietly looking for solutions close to home .	Other governments are quietly looking for solutions closer to home .	comp_adj	1205
Independent Internets could , for example , give countries great censorship power .	Independent Internets could , for example , give countries greater censorship power .	comp_adj	1206
The big the bag , the more I 'll cart around , though .	The bigger the bag , the more I 'll cart around , though .	comp_adj	1207
It also exemplifies Nike 's broad commitment towards sustainable design and community involvement .	It also exemplifies Nike 's broader commitment towards sustainable design and community involvement .	comp_adj	1208
Resolution 's strong health insurance operation could beef up Standard 's weak division .	Resolution 's strong health insurance operation could beef up Standard 's weaker division .	comp_adj	1209
That broad bill was approved by Mr. Rangel 's committee last week .	That broader bill was approved by Mr. Rangel 's committee last week .	comp_adj	1210
Most other workers , however , will see a big hit .	Most other workers , however , will see a bigger hit .	comp_adj	1211
It is big .	It is bigger .	comp_adj	1212
Religious officials say agricultural issues seem to be particularly appealing to young people .	Religious officials say agricultural issues seem to be particularly appealing to younger people .	comp_adj	1213
The stakes could not be high .	The stakes could not be higher .	comp_adj	1214
Things may look dismal now , but there is a good day ahead .	Things may look dismal now , but there is a better day ahead .	comp_adj	1215
Do we need to go slow ?	Do we need to go slower ?	comp_adj	1216
Obviously it is a way big scale .	Obviously it is a way bigger scale .	comp_adj	1217
And somehow , these restaurants make the big size sounds cheap .	And somehow , these restaurants make the big size sounds cheaper .	comp_adj	1218
Only one state , New Jersey , has a high limit .	Only one state , New Jersey , has a higher limit .	comp_adj	1219
Olsson said customers have expressed their wish for a quiet alternative .	Olsson said customers have expressed their wish for a quieter alternative .	comp_adj	1220
Oil prices slipped , while precious and industrial metals edged high .	Oil prices slipped , while precious and industrial metals edged higher .	comp_adj	1221
I have gained too a deep sense of the value of freedom .	I have gained too a deeper sense of the value of freedom .	comp_adj	1222
Universities warn of high fees I was losing the habit .	Universities warn of higher fees I was losing the habit .	comp_adj	1223
He finished first based on his high first-run score .	He finished first based on his higher first-run score .	comp_adj	1224
Gold was low in London .	Gold was lower in London .	comp_adj	1225
It therefore becomes the responsibility of developed and rich nations to help .	It therefore becomes the responsibility of developed and richer nations to help .	comp_adj	1226
Its economy is strained ; witness the ever feeble dollar .	Its economy is strained ; witness the ever feebler dollar .	comp_adj	1227
The report found a variety of indications of healthy cooking in school cafeterias .	The report found a variety of indications of healthier cooking in school cafeterias .	comp_adj	1228
However , that would not necessarily mean safe roads , authorities cautioned .	However , that would not necessarily mean safer roads , authorities cautioned .	comp_adj	1229
Is this a sign of a great problem , like depression ?	Is this a sign of a greater problem , like depression ?	comp_adj	1230
You 'll have high immune response .	You 'll have higher immune response .	comp_adj	1231
From the first moment I noticed the injury I feared for the bad .	From the first moment I noticed the injury I feared for the worse .	comp_adj	1232
And petite women in particular appreciate the tall seating position of an SUV .	And petite women in particular appreciate the taller seating position of an SUV .	comp_adj	1233
If anything , the oil-related stories would seem to support high prices .	If anything , the oil-related stories would seem to support higher prices .	comp_adj	1234
The more often the sprays are used , the high the risk .	The more often the sprays are used , the higher the risk .	comp_adj	1235
It is hard to work out which is the great miracle .	It is hard to work out which is the greater miracle .	comp_adj	1236
Cancer treatment typically is far lengthy and complicated .	Cancer treatment typically is far lengthier and complicated .	comp_adj	1237
Of small core group , two were in Russia .	Of smaller core group , two were in Russia .	comp_adj	1238
Results from Operations " I feel good today , " Wagner said .	Results from Operations " I feel better today , " Wagner said .	comp_adj	1239
If you planned your homecoming well , the nasty chores will wait .	If you planned your homecoming well , the nastier chores will wait .	comp_adj	1240
My question is , do I have a high risk of developing cancer ?	My question is , do I have a higher risk of developing cancer ?	comp_adj	1241
We have a small house , but we kept an easy commute .	We have a smaller house , but we kept an easy commute .	comp_adj	1242
Currently , the state gets water from Lanier under small , short-term contracts .	Currently , the state gets water from Lanier under smaller , short-term contracts .	comp_adj	1243
Brett , perhaps , could have been a star at a small school .	Brett , perhaps , could have been a star at a smaller school .	comp_adj	1244
The impact of a large State on individuals is also becoming more evident .	The impact of a larger State on individuals is also becoming more evident .	comp_adj	1245
We need to upgrade the OS on my husband 's old powerPC-based iBook .	We need to upgrade the OS on my husband 's older powerPC-based iBook .	comp_adj	1246
But that could change as the elections draw near .	But that could change as the elections draw nearer .	comp_adj	1247
States want long Microsoft oversight John F. Wood Jr .	States want longer Microsoft oversight John F. Wood Jr .	comp_adj	1248
Students there are also being urged to practice good hygiene .	Students there are also being urged to practice better hygiene .	comp_adj	1249
Many Nasdaq or small stocks were flat or low .	Many Nasdaq or small stocks were flat or lower .	comp_adj	1250
The lawsuits cast a wide net .	The lawsuits cast a wider net .	comp_adj	1251
Airport officials are working on extending one runway to accommodate big planes .	Airport officials are working on extending one runway to accommodate bigger planes .	comp_adj	1252
But Sanders had a big personal goal this year : staying healthy .	But Sanders had a bigger personal goal this year : staying healthy .	comp_adj	1253
There also needs to be a clear plan .	There also needs to be a clearer plan .	comp_adj	1254
He called for global lifestyle changes to make the world a good place .	He called for global lifestyle changes to make the world a better place .	comp_adj	1255
We could not be happy .	We could not be happier .	comp_adj	1256
Raikkonen thought he could have done good Saturday .	Raikkonen thought he could have done better Saturday .	comp_adj	1257
His old platoon had it bad ; one in four killed or wounded .	His old platoon had it worse ; one in four killed or wounded .	comp_adj	1258
Most Democratic governors received high grades .	Most Democratic governors received higher grades .	comp_adj	1259
The relative contemporary is hard .	The relative contemporary is harder .	comp_adj	1260
Too many designers retail a hipster pose that has truly seen good days .	Too many designers retail a hipster pose that has truly seen better days .	comp_adj	1261
The margin of error will be large for sub-groupings of the survey population .	The margin of error will be larger for sub-groupings of the survey population .	comp_adj	1262
I am sure Des had fled to somewhere safe , like Iraq .	I am sure Des had fled to somewhere safer , like Iraq .	comp_adj	1263
Lenders charged high interest rates , and often the rates were adjustable .	Lenders charged higher interest rates , and often the rates were adjustable .	comp_adj	1264
The heavy demand for Treasurys sent yields sharply low .	The heavy demand for Treasurys sent yields sharply lower .	comp_adj	1265
They will provide for reduced infections and high cleaning standards .	They will provide for reduced infections and higher cleaning standards .	comp_adj	1266
Washington is pressing for a third round of stern measures .	Washington is pressing for a third round of sterner measures .	comp_adj	1267
Some have been able to refinance into good loans .	Some have been able to refinance into better loans .	comp_adj	1268
The young Evans served in the Royal Air Force in World War II .	The younger Evans served in the Royal Air Force in World War II .	comp_adj	1269
Here is another way , a good way .	Here is another way , a better way .	comp_adj	1270
Often that will mean a light touch .	Often that will mean a lighter touch .	comp_adj	1271
That is going to create a deep audience for her .	That is going to create a deeper audience for her .	comp_adj	1272
The six-month results additionally reflected great fee revenue from private-placement transactions .	The six-month results additionally reflected greater fee revenue from private-placement transactions .	comp_adj	1273
Still , he rejected the broad critique .	Still , he rejected the broader critique .	comp_adj	1274
This increase was partially offset by low average TiO2 selling prices .	This increase was partially offset by lower average TiO2 selling prices .	comp_adj	1275
It allows them to maintain a big network .	It allows them to maintain a bigger network .	comp_adj	1276
Laurence D. Fink may be close to taking the reins at Merrill Lynch .	Laurence D. Fink may be closer to taking the reins at Merrill Lynch .	comp_adj	1277
For first-generation migrants , this often fails to translate into high wages .	For first-generation migrants , this often fails to translate into higher wages .	comp_adj	1278
And as other regions grow warm , the tropics might lose their appeal .	And as other regions grow warmer , the tropics might lose their appeal .	comp_adj	1279
Consumers may also value the perceived stability of big institutions .	Consumers may also value the perceived stability of bigger institutions .	comp_adj	1280
Van Gundy is loose , and so are the Magic .	Van Gundy is looser , and so are the Magic .	comp_adj	1281
They are calm now .	They are calmer now .	comp_adj	1282
" " Men get big stuff though .	" " Men get bigger stuff though .	comp_adj	1283
But with Clemens , the problems are usually with his low half .	But with Clemens , the problems are usually with his lower half .	comp_adj	1284
Small parties make up the rest of the vote .	Smaller parties make up the rest of the vote .	comp_adj	1285
If agriculture needs a low minimum wage , negotiate and legislate it .	If agriculture needs a lower minimum wage , negotiate and legislate it .	comp_adj	1286
As hours passed , hope of finding anyone alive deep underground grew faint .	As hours passed , hope of finding anyone alive deep underground grew fainter .	comp_adj	1287
The drug agency approved some when its standards were far low .	The drug agency approved some when its standards were far lower .	comp_adj	1288
It was a whole lot easy when this was just Bush 's war .	It was a whole lot easier when this was just Bush 's war .	comp_adj	1289
A significantly hard schedule looms in the second half of the season .	A significantly harder schedule looms in the second half of the season .	comp_adj	1290
If inflation concerns begin to percolate , mortgage rates would move high .	If inflation concerns begin to percolate , mortgage rates would move higher .	comp_adj	1291
We are trying to get our teenage daughters to act old .	We are trying to get our teenage daughters to act older .	comp_adj	1292
Close Jonathan Papelbon recorded his 35th save .	Closer Jonathan Papelbon recorded his 35th save .	comp_adj	1293
He is perhaps a quiet person , so perhaps it takes him longer .	He is perhaps a quieter person , so perhaps it takes him longer .	comp_adj	1294
The old boy 's stepfather said he was pleased by the federal sentence .	The older boy 's stepfather said he was pleased by the federal sentence .	comp_adj	1295
I cannot think of a good way to pass the time .	I cannot think of a better way to pass the time .	comp_adj	1296
Deaths from flu and low respiratory disease jumped in 2005 .	Deaths from flu and lower respiratory disease jumped in 2005 .	comp_adj	1297
COUNTERFEIT operations can pose a threat to the wide economy in three ways .	COUNTERFEIT operations can pose a threat to the wider economy in three ways .	comp_adj	1298
The new test will be tough .	The new test will be tougher .	comp_adj	1299
Hate long layovers ?	Hate longer layovers ?	comp_adj	1300
Does hardware have a soft side ?	Does hardware have a softer side ?	comp_adj	1301
The EU Observer said Saturday the prime minister is friendly to neighboring Russia .	The EU Observer said Saturday the prime minister is friendlier to neighboring Russia .	comp_adj	1302
But tight regulation could drive many companies away .	But tighter regulation could drive many companies away .	comp_adj	1303
If anything , the habeas corpus and Guantanamo Bay issues will be tough .	If anything , the habeas corpus and Guantanamo Bay issues will be tougher .	comp_adj	1304
And the movie does not depict some of the book 's wacky moments .	And the movie does not depict some of the book 's wackier moments .	comp_adj	1305
We had been together for the good part of five years .	We had been together for the better part of five years .	comp_adj	1306
Awkward Encounters in the Hollywood Trenches Still , there is a broad concern .	Awkward Encounters in the Hollywood Trenches Still , there is a broader concern .	comp_adj	1307
The Saints aren 't buried in one of the NFL 's weak divisions .	The Saints aren 't buried in one of the NFL 's weaker divisions .	comp_adj	1308
RBS closed 18p high at 457.75p , while HBOS rose 10.5p to 807p .	RBS closed 18p higher at 457.75p , while HBOS rose 10.5p to 807p .	comp_adj	1309
The winner was close Chad Cordero ( 3-3 ) .	The winner was closer Chad Cordero ( 3-3 ) .	comp_adj	1310
" His powerful mind is healthy , " the acting president said .	" His powerful mind is healthier , " the acting president said .	comp_adj	1311
Women who play small roster sports do not get the same opportunity .	Women who play smaller roster sports do not get the same opportunity .	comp_adj	1312
id = 1834792007 But small sites ' share of that money is growing .	id = 1834792007 But smaller sites ' share of that money is growing .	comp_adj	1313
The forecast Sunday called for calm wind with a chance of rain .	The forecast Sunday called for calmer wind with a chance of rain .	comp_adj	1314
There are good ways .	There are better ways .	comp_adj	1315
Old students gathered at the neighboring Jokela church for classes , police confirmed .	Older students gathered at the neighboring Jokela church for classes , police confirmed .	comp_adj	1316
Crude typically can fall on reports about low consumer spending .	Crude typically can fall on reports about lower consumer spending .	comp_adj	1317
Other congressional actions could have a far great impact on the industry .	Other congressional actions could have a far greater impact on the industry .	comp_adj	1318
However , the hemoglobin increase was great in the PROCRIT group .	However , the hemoglobin increase was greater in the PROCRIT group .	comp_adj	1319
Other commodities also shot high yesterday .	Other commodities also shot higher yesterday .	comp_adj	1320
Broad stock indexes also declined modestly .	Broader stock indexes also declined modestly .	comp_adj	1321
Although weak since then , it still packed a punch in China .	Although weaker since then , it still packed a punch in China .	comp_adj	1322
Broad stock indicators also dipped .	Broader stock indicators also dipped .	comp_adj	1323
This risk is usually great for longer-term debt securities .	This risk is usually greater for longer-term debt securities .	comp_adj	1324
So it may be maneuvering for good terms from Hollywood .	So it may be maneuvering for better terms from Hollywood .	comp_adj	1325
The BMA called for a wide public debate on the issue .	The BMA called for a wider public debate on the issue .	comp_adj	1326
Panamanian law mandates home detention for anyone age 74 or old .	Panamanian law mandates home detention for anyone age 74 or older .	comp_adj	1327
The truth is , Pryce 's opponents did bad .	The truth is , Pryce 's opponents did worse .	comp_adj	1328
Met mostly through church , they introduce Gordon to a large world .	Met mostly through church , they introduce Gordon to a larger world .	comp_adj	1329
And I think that is what drew me close to New Orleans .	And I think that is what drew me closer to New Orleans .	comp_adj	1330
Tough lending standards also have affected prospective buyers with good credit .	Tougher lending standards also have affected prospective buyers with good credit .	comp_adj	1331
The broad S & P index rose 2.9 % .	The broader S & P index rose 2.9 % .	comp_adj	1332
' " Making Mr Abbas more popular is hard .	' " Making Mr Abbas more popular is harder .	comp_adj	1333
Small seizures during the year would add to this figure .	Smaller seizures during the year would add to this figure .	comp_adj	1334
The flying wing offers the prospect of a green future in air travel .	The flying wing offers the prospect of a greener future in air travel .	comp_adj	1335
But is there a good time to fill up ?	But is there a better time to fill up ?	comp_adj	1336
He said he would be looking for jobs close to Metro stations .	He said he would be looking for jobs closer to Metro stations .	comp_adj	1337
Travelers will also look for cheap hotel rates and airfares , he explained .	Travelers will also look for cheaper hotel rates and airfares , he explained .	comp_adj	1338
On the flip-side , the success rates are low , however .	On the flip-side , the success rates are lower , however .	comp_adj	1339
But warm bedding also created a new vector for mites .	But warmer bedding also created a new vector for mites .	comp_adj	1340
The inflationary risks from a weak dollar are also easily overdone .	The inflationary risks from a weaker dollar are also easily overdone .	comp_adj	1341
The product is already credited with having an effect on the wide industry .	The product is already credited with having an effect on the wider industry .	comp_adj	1342
And all these arguments reached large dimensions after her death .	And all these arguments reached larger dimensions after her death .	comp_adj	1343
The French looked smooth and more dangerous when they moved the ball wide .	The French looked smoother and more dangerous when they moved the ball wide .	comp_adj	1344
I hope this cold weather will help us in the fight against bluetongue .	I hope this colder weather will help us in the fight against bluetongue .	comp_adj	1345
" and " Why do pruned trees grow full ?	" and " Why do pruned trees grow fuller ?	comp_adj	1346
Even the young generation is ready to fight .	Even the younger generation is ready to fight .	comp_adj	1347
Sacramone finished 0.025 behind her young teammate and was crying afterward .	Sacramone finished 0.025 behind her younger teammate and was crying afterward .	comp_adj	1348
The low house is supposed to convene within a month of the election .	The lower house is supposed to convene within a month of the election .	comp_adj	1349
But , he said , the medallions offered yesterday carry a great risk .	But , he said , the medallions offered yesterday carry a greater risk .	comp_adj	1350
Women had a long vision .	Women had a longer vision .	comp_adj	1351
Barrington-Coupe said the deception grew easy over time .	Barrington-Coupe said the deception grew easier over time .	comp_adj	1352
: she tried to make her one-woman operation look big .	: she tried to make her one-woman operation look bigger .	comp_adj	1353
Not that it is easy , do not get me wrong .	Not that it is easier , do not get me wrong .	comp_adj	1354
But since then , English rugby has taken a turn for the bad .	But since then , English rugby has taken a turn for the worse .	comp_adj	1355
Could happen if Eli Manning again resembles his vaunted old brother .	Could happen if Eli Manning again resembles his vaunted older brother .	comp_adj	1356
Suddenly , I had good things to do than harass illegal immigrants .	Suddenly , I had better things to do than harass illegal immigrants .	comp_adj	1357
It was quiet for a time .	It was quieter for a time .	comp_adj	1358
Old vacated space is lagging on the market in some cities .	Older vacated space is lagging on the market in some cities .	comp_adj	1359
Consumers object to being overcharged and pick good value for their money .	Consumers object to being overcharged and pick better value for their money .	comp_adj	1360
But old Americans who are sexually active face health issues , too .	But older Americans who are sexually active face health issues , too .	comp_adj	1361
Airports face an arguably tough choice .	Airports face an arguably tougher choice .	comp_adj	1362
The first is a good understanding of the homeless population .	The first is a better understanding of the homeless population .	comp_adj	1363
Experts said , higher spending per capita did not necessarily mean good care .	Experts said , higher spending per capita did not necessarily mean better care .	comp_adj	1364
Now she is using poems by other , good poets .	Now she is using poems by other , better poets .	comp_adj	1365
A low profile might be best .	A lower profile might be best .	comp_adj	1366
" I could not be happy with our form , " said Ferguson .	" I could not be happier with our form , " said Ferguson .	comp_adj	1367
When you think about it , squirrels are just rats with sexy tails .	When you think about it , squirrels are just rats with sexier tails .	comp_adj	1368
Fifteen of the victims were 21 years old or young .	Fifteen of the victims were 21 years old or younger .	comp_adj	1369
Callers must be 21 years of age or old .	Callers must be 21 years of age or older .	comp_adj	1370
Others , like Morris , are predicting a sharp 50 basis point reduction .	Others , like Morris , are predicting a sharper 50 basis point reduction .	comp_adj	1371
Easy said than done , as it turned out .	Easier said than done , as it turned out .	comp_adj	1372
Coffee 's connection to diabetes prevention appears clear .	Coffee 's connection to diabetes prevention appears clearer .	comp_adj	1373
Solemn 's cozy .	Solemn 's cozier .	comp_adj	1374
All of this may make a good market for home buyers .	All of this may make a better market for home buyers .	comp_adj	1375
To meet current Energy Star standards , many old homes may need repairs .	To meet current Energy Star standards , many older homes may need repairs .	comp_adj	1376
He never spent time thinking about the nice convertible his neighbor was driving .	He never spent time thinking about the nicer convertible his neighbor was driving .	comp_adj	1377
That said , many long-standing dollar bulwarks are looking weak .	That said , many long-standing dollar bulwarks are looking weaker .	comp_adj	1378
British Energy 's shares sparked 31.25p high to 490p .	British Energy 's shares sparked 31.25p higher to 490p .	comp_adj	1379
Women typically have a good chance of surviving a heart attack than men .	Women typically have a better chance of surviving a heart attack than men .	comp_adj	1380
Low foreclosure rates could help keep crime rates down .	Lower foreclosure rates could help keep crime rates down .	comp_adj	1381
" " In the beginning , nobody befriended the poor students .	" " In the beginning , nobody befriended the poorer students .	comp_adj	1382
All three major markets indexes closed high yesterday .	All three major markets indexes closed higher yesterday .	comp_adj	1383
On a year-on-year basis , industrial production was 0.2-percent low .	On a year-on-year basis , industrial production was 0.2-percent lower .	comp_adj	1384
They are also fresh .	They are also fresher .	comp_adj	1385
Broad stock indicators likewise showed little movement .	Broader stock indicators likewise showed little movement .	comp_adj	1386
To be honest , I have rarely felt safe in New York .	To be honest , I have rarely felt safer in New York .	comp_adj	1387
I have a small apartment there , and a big one here .	I have a small apartment there , and a bigger one here .	comp_adj	1388
The tough laws may yet succeed .	The tougher laws may yet succeed .	comp_adj	1389
it gets exploded into a big story .	it gets exploded into a bigger story .	comp_adj	1390
Still , the trend this year has been toward soft job growth .	Still , the trend this year has been toward softer job growth .	comp_adj	1391
He cited new research linking insufficient sleep to poor metabolism and appetite control .	He cited new research linking insufficient sleep to poorer metabolism and appetite control .	comp_adj	1392
It is also easy to send presents to my family in Australia .	It is also easier to send presents to my family in Australia .	comp_adj	1393
We do not have the good coach .	We do not have the better coach .	comp_adj	1394
Timeline : Bolivia A less jerky monetary policy makes for great stability .	Timeline : Bolivia A less jerky monetary policy makes for greater stability .	comp_adj	1395
But there was an ugly side to Tailgate .	But there was an uglier side to Tailgate .	comp_adj	1396
His swimsuits continued the broad fashion week trend of modesty .	His swimsuits continued the broader fashion week trend of modesty .	comp_adj	1397
Most commented on the wide benefits , it said .	Most commented on the wider benefits , it said .	comp_adj	1398
There had been speculation on Wall Street that this amount was significantly high .	There had been speculation on Wall Street that this amount was significantly higher .	comp_adj	1399
The outcome is lower IT operating costs and a small environmental footprint .	The outcome is lower IT operating costs and a smaller environmental footprint .	comp_adj	1400
Yes , we need tough courts .	Yes , we need tougher courts .	comp_adj	1401
He exhibits no foreshadowing of the dark purpose soon to emerge .	He exhibits no foreshadowing of the darker purpose soon to emerge .	comp_adj	1402
Slow U.S. growth does not have a large impact on the European economy .	Slower U.S. growth does not have a large impact on the European economy .	comp_adj	1403
Now that the days are short , the daylight-saving advantage has largely dissipated .	Now that the days are shorter , the daylight-saving advantage has largely dissipated .	comp_adj	1404
Another factor in the decline is clean water .	Another factor in the decline is cleaner water .	comp_adj	1405
The rate of degradation is also faster at high temperatures , she said .	The rate of degradation is also faster at higher temperatures , she said .	comp_adj	1406
But some options may bring a rich payback .	But some options may bring a richer payback .	comp_adj	1407
Lately , small groups have arrived from Mongolia and the former Soviet Union .	Lately , smaller groups have arrived from Mongolia and the former Soviet Union .	comp_adj	1408
Meeting Mr. Riley , especially in character as Ian , was hard .	Meeting Mr. Riley , especially in character as Ian , was harder .	comp_adj	1409
Large issues are now involved .	Larger issues are now involved .	comp_adj	1410
Nearly three-in-four residents of nursing facilities were 75 or old .	Nearly three-in-four residents of nursing facilities were 75 or older .	comp_adj	1411
Something strong must be used .	Something stronger must be used .	comp_adj	1412
But Stephen fears long hours would make repairs harder .	But Stephen fears longer hours would make repairs harder .	comp_adj	1413
It is easy to fine parents or take them to court .	It is easier to fine parents or take them to court .	comp_adj	1414
Outside the major cities , the situation is far bad .	Outside the major cities , the situation is far worse .	comp_adj	1415
Children with ADHD have a tough time controlling their behavior and paying attention .	Children with ADHD have a tougher time controlling their behavior and paying attention .	comp_adj	1416
Many of the following require guests to be 21 or old .	Many of the following require guests to be 21 or older .	comp_adj	1417
But the rest are new in the business .	But the rest are newer in the business .	comp_adj	1418
I know I wished that when I was young .	I know I wished that when I was younger .	comp_adj	1419
Yeager said a high court should decide that question .	Yeager said a higher court should decide that question .	comp_adj	1420
Mr. Edwards was quiet , friends recalled .	Mr. Edwards was quieter , friends recalled .	comp_adj	1421
Miami clearly had big problems .	Miami clearly had bigger problems .	comp_adj	1422
Maximum sustained winds were near 40 mph with high gusts .	Maximum sustained winds were near 40 mph with higher gusts .	comp_adj	1423
It does not hurt that European utilities are used to low margins .	It does not hurt that European utilities are used to lower margins .	comp_adj	1424
In Europe , major markets were also low in midday trading .	In Europe , major markets were also lower in midday trading .	comp_adj	1425
Old books cost $ 3 to $ 6 .	Older books cost $ 3 to $ 6 .	comp_adj	1426
Fuel and legal costs also are contributing to second-quarter predictions of slow growth .	Fuel and legal costs also are contributing to second-quarter predictions of slower growth .	comp_adj	1427
Under parliamentary rules , the low house decision triumphed .	Under parliamentary rules , the lower house decision triumphed .	comp_adj	1428
The hot bits of Islam have also gained ground .	The hotter bits of Islam have also gained ground .	comp_adj	1429
He is now running a lean campaign ... on ethanol .	He is now running a leaner campaign ... on ethanol .	comp_adj	1430
id83 There is not a lot of young people who are reading Reich .	id83 There is not a lot of younger people who are reading Reich .	comp_adj	1431
It would also lead to good welfare for the birds , he added .	It would also lead to better welfare for the birds , he added .	comp_adj	1432
They can go to a mid-cap firm whose rates are low .	They can go to a mid-cap firm whose rates are lower .	comp_adj	1433
He heard a vacuum clean in the hall .	He heard a vacuum cleaner in the hall .	comp_adj	1434
Pity the poor young sister .	Pity the poor younger sister .	comp_adj	1435
Alchohol : Tips for safe drinking Johnson that night was ecstatic .	Alchohol : Tips for safer drinking Johnson that night was ecstatic .	comp_adj	1436
Monday is typically a light day for Metrorail and other commuting traffic .	Monday is typically a lighter day for Metrorail and other commuting traffic .	comp_adj	1437
" Today 's one of my good days , " Stoudemire said .	" Today 's one of my better days , " Stoudemire said .	comp_adj	1438
The Starbucks outlets are mainly in wealthy neighborhoods .	The Starbucks outlets are mainly in wealthier neighborhoods .	comp_adj	1439
Their great obligation is to their own playoff prospects .	Their greater obligation is to their own playoff prospects .	comp_adj	1440
Global stockpiles have dwindled to a 26-year low and sent prices surging high .	Global stockpiles have dwindled to a 26-year low and sent prices surging higher .	comp_adj	1441
Still , Ivanka has big fish to fry .	Still , Ivanka has bigger fish to fry .	comp_adj	1442
Old kids vie for places on travel squads that play against neighboring cities .	Older kids vie for places on travel squads that play against neighboring cities .	comp_adj	1443
Hakim Spicer recalled his old brother 's gestures of generosity .	Hakim Spicer recalled his older brother 's gestures of generosity .	comp_adj	1444
A long runway was ruled out in 2003 .	A longer runway was ruled out in 2003 .	comp_adj	1445
Large changes , however , could have unforeseeable effects within the global ecosystem .	Larger changes , however , could have unforeseeable effects within the global ecosystem .	comp_adj	1446
She was from a middle-class Baghdad family that had seen good days .	She was from a middle-class Baghdad family that had seen better days .	comp_adj	1447
" They stand a good chance , " he said .	" They stand a better chance , " he said .	comp_adj	1448
Overweight children with asthma may have a good response to different first-line therapies .	Overweight children with asthma may have a better response to different first-line therapies .	comp_adj	1449
Opening up that market to sunlight could help people get fair prices .	Opening up that market to sunlight could help people get fairer prices .	comp_adj	1450
Ushi-Tora can be considered the young , stylish brother of Popeye .	Ushi-Tora can be considered the younger , stylish brother of Popeye .	comp_adj	1451
Last week , stock market saw wild swings but finished high .	Last week , stock market saw wild swings but finished higher .	comp_adj	1452
It has multispectral as well as high resolution sensors .	It has multispectral as well as higher resolution sensors .	comp_adj	1453
The Colts are relying on young players to fill the voids .	The Colts are relying on younger players to fill the voids .	comp_adj	1454
Vendetta They belong to a troubled new class of diabetes treatments .	Vendetta They belong to a troubled newer class of diabetes treatments .	comp_adj	1455
In sum , AnyDATA provides wireless solutions for a smart world .	In sum , AnyDATA provides wireless solutions for a smarter world .	comp_adj	1456
The workout seemed easy , provided they liked the music .	The workout seemed easier , provided they liked the music .	comp_adj	1457
I am finally getting a big paycheck now .	I am finally getting a bigger paycheck now .	comp_adj	1458
This approach would use land more efficiently and produce far high carbon savings .	This approach would use land more efficiently and produce far higher carbon savings .	comp_adj	1459
But that part is the weak half .	But that part is the weaker half .	comp_adj	1460
Rivera is the likely to stay put .	Rivera is the likelier to stay put .	comp_adj	1461
The two are apparently on good terms .	The two are apparently on better terms .	comp_adj	1462
Life would be dull for their absence .	Life would be duller for their absence .	comp_adj	1463
So do over-the-counter painkillers and strong stuff like codeine and oxycodone .	So do over-the-counter painkillers and stronger stuff like codeine and oxycodone .	comp_adj	1464
More likely to be paid high salaries .	More likely to be paid higher salaries .	comp_adj	1465
And if he does , that can only make him a good player .	And if he does , that can only make him a better player .	comp_adj	1466
He is been bothered by a low back strain .	He is been bothered by a lower back strain .	comp_adj	1467
And Brennan could not be happy with how everything turned out .	And Brennan could not be happier with how everything turned out .	comp_adj	1468
Moscow has already voted for two sets of mild sanctions .	Moscow has already voted for two sets of milder sanctions .	comp_adj	1469
Ideally , that leads to good games .	Ideally , that leads to better games .	comp_adj	1470
His counsel applies principally to fancy restaurants , and it proposes a trade-off .	His counsel applies principally to fancier restaurants , and it proposes a trade-off .	comp_adj	1471
The large game industry is taking notice .	The larger game industry is taking notice .	comp_adj	1472
Now that figure is close to a third .	Now that figure is closer to a third .	comp_adj	1473
Of great concern is the dwindling size of his congregation .	Of greater concern is the dwindling size of his congregation .	comp_adj	1474
Close Manny Corpas is just 24 .	Closer Manny Corpas is just 24 .	comp_adj	1475
On a bright note , Keri Russell and Brendan Frasier earned high marks .	On a brighter note , Keri Russell and Brendan Frasier earned high marks .	comp_adj	1476
But take a close look .	But take a closer look .	comp_adj	1477
" Miskito Indians Vent Anger Over Felix " It is hard work .	" Miskito Indians Vent Anger Over Felix " It is harder work .	comp_adj	1478
They are supported by the wide community .	They are supported by the wider community .	comp_adj	1479
Close Joe Borowski notched the final three outs for the save .	Closer Joe Borowski notched the final three outs for the save .	comp_adj	1480
There are bad places to look .	There are worse places to look .	comp_adj	1481
Nearly a third said that they needed good advice on alcohol and drugs .	Nearly a third said that they needed better advice on alcohol and drugs .	comp_adj	1482
That figure does not account for great mileage driven in warm weather .	That figure does not account for greater mileage driven in warm weather .	comp_adj	1483
Partially offsetting these expenses were significantly low levels of employee incentive accruals .	Partially offsetting these expenses were significantly lower levels of employee incentive accruals .	comp_adj	1484
Bad news was coming .	Worse news was coming .	comp_adj	1485
But Bruce did not disappoint with old songs too .	But Bruce did not disappoint with older songs too .	comp_adj	1486
Take the great Miami area .	Take the greater Miami area .	comp_adj	1487
He used a large knife only for slicing .	He used a larger knife only for slicing .	comp_adj	1488
Our thoughts exist in broad company .	Our thoughts exist in broader company .	comp_adj	1489
Another simple indicator is on the Web site of Peabody Energy .	Another simpler indicator is on the Web site of Peabody Energy .	comp_adj	1490
The returnees find a capital that offers great freedom of movement .	The returnees find a capital that offers greater freedom of movement .	comp_adj	1491
Notice that Tweeter and similar big retailers ain 't doing so well .	Notice that Tweeter and similar bigger retailers ain 't doing so well .	comp_adj	1492
Both companies reported high profits last week .	Both companies reported higher profits last week .	comp_adj	1493
The big question is will those others be in China or somewhere else .	The bigger question is will those others be in China or somewhere else .	comp_adj	1494
He needed Hamilton to finish sixth or bad .	He needed Hamilton to finish sixth or worse .	comp_adj	1495
But because of that , then there is a long sorting period .	But because of that , then there is a longer sorting period .	comp_adj	1496
Monday 's markets also moved high on news of the investment .	Monday 's markets also moved higher on news of the investment .	comp_adj	1497
The large ambulances will be among a new fleet of 30 vehicles .	The larger ambulances will be among a new fleet of 30 vehicles .	comp_adj	1498
Universities Scotland claimed high education faced its first cut in funding since devolution .	Universities Scotland claimed higher education faced its first cut in funding since devolution .	comp_adj	1499
Broad stock indicators fell 8.43 , or 0.57 percent , to 1,475.52 .	Broader stock indicators fell 8.43 , or 0.57 percent , to 1,475.52 .	comp_adj	1500
" Everyone wants big hard drives now , " Watkins said .	" Everyone wants bigger hard drives now , " Watkins said .	comp_adj	1501
There is a great variety of work .	There is a greater variety of work .	comp_adj	1502
Cone would have pitched long had it not been for a pitch count .	Cone would have pitched longer had it not been for a pitch count .	comp_adj	1503
Gen Musharraf has been under strong US pressure to fight hard in Waziristan .	Gen Musharraf has been under strong US pressure to fight harder in Waziristan .	comp_adj	1504
The Iranians already have one , although Mueller insists his will be tall .	The Iranians already have one , although Mueller insists his will be taller .	comp_adj	1505
But you can get a good deal by booking through a tour operator .	But you can get a better deal by booking through a tour operator .	comp_adj	1506
But are they a good bet economically and environmentally ?	But are they a better bet economically and environmentally ?	comp_adj	1507
The remainder is primarily the result of low investment returns .	The remainder is primarily the result of lower investment returns .	comp_adj	1508
The broad themes are a national scandal .	The broader themes are a national scandal .	comp_adj	1509
The 7 percent decrease was due to high operating and transportation costs .	The 7 percent decrease was due to higher operating and transportation costs .	comp_adj	1510
Lidge briefly lost his job as close for the Astros last year .	Lidge briefly lost his job as closer for the Astros last year .	comp_adj	1511
SOURCE Genzyme Corp. Other people lost people close to them .	SOURCE Genzyme Corp. Other people lost people closer to them .	comp_adj	1512
What good way to reflect that than to support the arts ?	What better way to reflect that than to support the arts ?	comp_adj	1513
After several days in a hospital , the new year looked bright .	After several days in a hospital , the new year looked brighter .	comp_adj	1514
Kunkle believes a broad deployment of his 3,200 officers would bring long-term benefits .	Kunkle believes a broader deployment of his 3,200 officers would bring long-term benefits .	comp_adj	1515
Did the economy shift into a low gear in October ?	Did the economy shift into a lower gear in October ?	comp_adj	1516
Mike Mihale remembers when the industry operated on a small scale .	Mike Mihale remembers when the industry operated on a smaller scale .	comp_adj	1517
Besides the wide range of accredited high study options by the country ?	Besides the wide range of accredited higher study options by the country ?	comp_adj	1518
I do not think the other side has ever been strong .	I do not think the other side has ever been stronger .	comp_adj	1519
There are , perhaps , certain broad political lessons to be drawn here .	There are , perhaps , certain broader political lessons to be drawn here .	comp_adj	1520
When I hit the switch , it good work .	When I hit the switch , it better work .	comp_adj	1521
These men govern far big countries ( Ireland has 4.2m people ) .	These men govern far bigger countries ( Ireland has 4.2m people ) .	comp_adj	1522
Cleveland was a double-play ground from winning the crown at Florida in 1997 .	Cleveland was a double-play grounder from winning the crown at Florida in 1997 .	comp_adj	1523
Or it may be that old people are more sensitive to noise .	Or it may be that older people are more sensitive to noise .	comp_adj	1524
Next , move your hands behind your low back and do the same .	Next , move your hands behind your lower back and do the same .	comp_adj	1525
That , of course , describes many old people .	That , of course , describes many older people .	comp_adj	1526
She said she was never close to his house than the sidewalk .	She said she was never closer to his house than the sidewalk .	comp_adj	1527
There are three bedrooms upstairs and two on the low level .	There are three bedrooms upstairs and two on the lower level .	comp_adj	1528
Long term , too , there may be repercussions .	Longer term , too , there may be repercussions .	comp_adj	1529
Among baby boomers , it is projected to be close to $ 600,000 .	Among baby boomers , it is projected to be closer to $ 600,000 .	comp_adj	1530
They also offer amenities that only large companies can typically afford .	They also offer amenities that only larger companies can typically afford .	comp_adj	1531
The up stairs are on the low level .	The up stairs are on the lower level .	comp_adj	1532
A long version of this interview is available at nytimes.com / business .	A longer version of this interview is available at nytimes.com / business .	comp_adj	1533
The tight definitions went into effect in January .	The tighter definitions went into effect in January .	comp_adj	1534
Facebook competes with its large rival MySpace which has 100 million users .	Facebook competes with its larger rival MySpace which has 100 million users .	comp_adj	1535
We will live up to a high standard .	We will live up to a higher standard .	comp_adj	1536
Good weather was partly to credit for the improved results .	Better weather was partly to credit for the improved results .	comp_adj	1537
But he said he did not see it spreading to the broad economy .	But he said he did not see it spreading to the broader economy .	comp_adj	1538
old with Everton We still have all the macro headwinds .	elder with Everton We still have all the macro headwinds .	comp_adj	1539
Last fall , mortgage companies--mostly small , subprime operators--began to fail .	Last fall , mortgage companies--mostly smaller , subprime operators--began to fail .	comp_adj	1540
The Russian embassy has asked high authorities for assistance in the search effort .	The Russian embassy has asked higher authorities for assistance in the search effort .	comp_adj	1541
Austin figured the three-shot deficit would have be bad .	Austin figured the three-shot deficit would have be worse .	comp_adj	1542
The companies say the move is intended to promote good animal welfare .	The companies say the move is intended to promote better animal welfare .	comp_adj	1543
Gold prices moved high .	Gold prices moved higher .	comp_adj	1544
This enables engines to perform at a high level .	This enables engines to perform at a higher level .	comp_adj	1545
Other banks also indicated a weak start .	Other banks also indicated a weaker start .	comp_adj	1546
For members of the black middle class , the news is gloomy .	For members of the black middle class , the news is gloomier .	comp_adj	1547
He also needs to be clear about where he stands on executive privilege .	He also needs to be clearer about where he stands on executive privilege .	comp_adj	1548
Its growth meant far great controls and modern technology dramatically broadened its scope .	Its growth meant far greater controls and modern technology dramatically broadened its scope .	comp_adj	1549
Profits last year were 13.7 per cent high at £ 132 million .	Profits last year were 13.7 per cent higher at £ 132 million .	comp_adj	1550
Has this year made me a good lover ?	Has this year made me a better lover ?	comp_adj	1551
Halve the recipe for a small gathering .	Halve the recipe for a smaller gathering .	comp_adj	1552
Those shining examples of school success do not deny this big picture .	Those shining examples of school success do not deny this bigger picture .	comp_adj	1553
Peanuts got tough hulls .	Peanuts got tougher hulls .	comp_adj	1554
Poor people do not have those choices .	Poorer people do not have those choices .	comp_adj	1555
The ratings have been high for them this year .	The ratings have been higher for them this year .	comp_adj	1556
It is a good way to communicate .	It is a better way to communicate .	comp_adj	1557
We writers are quiet types .	We writers are quieter types .	comp_adj	1558
Thompson also called for strong border security .	Thompson also called for stronger border security .	comp_adj	1559
The old monks were too frightened and hesitant .	The older monks were too frightened and hesitant .	comp_adj	1560
Things got bad Monday , when new fires sprouted and others merged .	Things got worse Monday , when new fires sprouted and others merged .	comp_adj	1561
But an unexpected turnaround has allowed Spagnuolo to take a light view .	But an unexpected turnaround has allowed Spagnuolo to take a lighter view .	comp_adj	1562
About 93 percent of deaths occur in people 55 and old .	About 93 percent of deaths occur in people 55 and older .	comp_adj	1563
Broad stock indicators also jumped .	Broader stock indicators also jumped .	comp_adj	1564
Lilly says her new and large role is no big deal .	Lilly says her new and larger role is no big deal .	comp_adj	1565
Big problems could come out over the next few months .	Bigger problems could come out over the next few months .	comp_adj	1566
Chinese officials have promised strict supervision of the industry .	Chinese officials have promised stricter supervision of the industry .	comp_adj	1567
But , take a close look .	But , take a closer look .	comp_adj	1568
We just need to concentrate on making good pitches .	We just need to concentrate on making better pitches .	comp_adj	1569
And turn soft , turn half circle , and turn your body .	And turn softer , turn half circle , and turn your body .	comp_adj	1570
But chief executive Sir Fred Goodwin is eyeing a big prize .	But chief executive Sir Fred Goodwin is eyeing a bigger prize .	comp_adj	1571
The other was short .	The other was shorter .	comp_adj	1572
Strict passport regulations implement earlier this year created months-long backups in applications .	Stricter passport regulations implement earlier this year created months-long backups in applications .	comp_adj	1573
The president 's broad advocacy of liberty is a staple of his speeches .	The president 's broader advocacy of liberty is a staple of his speeches .	comp_adj	1574
So keep walking yourself to a small waist !	So keep walking yourself to a smaller waist !	comp_adj	1575
Separating the columns exposes label edges for easy , faster peeling .	Separating the columns exposes label edges for easier , faster peeling .	comp_adj	1576
They are pretty , but they are just eggs .	They are prettier , but they are just eggs .	comp_adj	1577
Why do the female applicants also generally have high 7th grade G.P.A.s ?	Why do the female applicants also generally have higher 7th grade G.P.A.s ?	comp_adj	1578
Meanwhile , aluminum prices edged high despite another hefty inflow into LME inventory .	Meanwhile , aluminum prices edged higher despite another hefty inflow into LME inventory .	comp_adj	1579
Couples coping with advanced disease had significantly poor overall quality-of-life .	Couples coping with advanced disease had significantly poorer overall quality-of-life .	comp_adj	1580
She said anyone in the country illegally presents a great flight risk .	She said anyone in the country illegally presents a greater flight risk .	comp_adj	1581
But he chooses to be kind , because it is more him .	But he chooses to be kinder , because it is more him .	comp_adj	1582
Read it for a ( slightly ) good grasp .	Read it for a ( slightly ) better grasp .	comp_adj	1583
What is far tricky is where Rodriguez would fit in on the field .	What is far trickier is where Rodriguez would fit in on the field .	comp_adj	1584
A slow pace is what most Memphis opponents want .	A slower pace is what most Memphis opponents want .	comp_adj	1585
But there is a big factor .	But there is a bigger factor .	comp_adj	1586
I think maybe " eccentric " is a good word .	I think maybe " eccentric " is a better word .	comp_adj	1587
African American women also appear to be at high risk for the disease .	African American women also appear to be at higher risk for the disease .	comp_adj	1588
And there are worries that hacking the updated phone will be hard .	And there are worries that hacking the updated phone will be harder .	comp_adj	1589
Furthermore , many old Mayan men are traditional when it comes to women .	Furthermore , many older Mayan men are traditional when it comes to women .	comp_adj	1590
Small wonder some parents are pursuing cheap options .	Small wonder some parents are pursuing cheaper options .	comp_adj	1591
... Citi 's quarterly results were weak across the board .	... Citi 's quarterly results were weaker across the board .	comp_adj	1592
But the days are short , the shadows longer and the weather frigid .	But the days are shorter , the shadows longer and the weather frigid .	comp_adj	1593
" Wheat 's easy to raise , " Skunes said .	" Wheat 's easier to raise , " Skunes said .	comp_adj	1594
We could not ask for a good partner .	We could not ask for a better partner .	comp_adj	1595
Otherwise , it is mainly spoken by old people .	Otherwise , it is mainly spoken by older people .	comp_adj	1596
I should give a good effort and win with that .	I should give a better effort and win with that .	comp_adj	1597
There was a second , small clash between protesters and police .	There was a second , smaller clash between protesters and police .	comp_adj	1598
Me : OK , so now it is hard .	Me : OK , so now it is harder .	comp_adj	1599
Education is a hot topic for children .	Education is a hotter topic for children .	comp_adj	1600
This definitely was one of my good games .	This definitely was one of my better games .	comp_adj	1601
Given the uncertain nature of back injuries , it could be long .	Given the uncertain nature of back injuries , it could be longer .	comp_adj	1602
If Alonso is second Hamilton will have to be sixth or bad .	If Alonso is second Hamilton will have to be sixth or worse .	comp_adj	1603
Listeners are close to the stage than at Tully .	Listeners are closer to the stage than at Tully .	comp_adj	1604
Everybody will be happy .	Everybody will be happier .	comp_adj	1605
Subprime borrowers need a good deal - one that they can afford .	Subprime borrowers need a better deal - one that they can afford .	comp_adj	1606
There are bad challenges to face .	There are worse challenges to face .	comp_adj	1607
Lipton believes it was an early warning sign of a far bad problem .	Lipton believes it was an early warning sign of a far worse problem .	comp_adj	1608
Others from the old Bush 's orbit have gone in other directions .	Others from the elder Bush 's orbit have gone in other directions .	comp_adj	1609
Out-of-town reviews were equally tepid - or bad .	Out-of-town reviews were equally tepid - or worse .	comp_adj	1610
The gains left stocks sharply high for the week .	The gains left stocks sharply higher for the week .	comp_adj	1611
Back in the southeast , voters will also be paying high council tax .	Back in the southeast , voters will also be paying higher council tax .	comp_adj	1612
It was tricky in Italy .	It was trickier in Italy .	comp_adj	1613
Individual testimony and broad events are skillfully interwoven .	Individual testimony and broader events are skillfully interwoven .	comp_adj	1614
In desperation , Edsel rolled out a large restyled car for 1933 .	In desperation , Edsel rolled out a larger restyled car for 1933 .	comp_adj	1615
EVERYTHING can seem small in Europe .	EVERYTHING can seem smaller in Europe .	comp_adj	1616
Evangelicals have backed left-wingers in some of the poor parts of Brazil .	Evangelicals have backed left-wingers in some of the poorer parts of Brazil .	comp_adj	1617
The old Podhoretz told him no .	The elder Podhoretz told him no .	comp_adj	1618
Here defuzzing makes the action , as it were , easy to follow .	Here defuzzing makes the action , as it were , easier to follow .	comp_adj	1619
The result is good weight distribution and potentially improved handling and ride .	The result is better weight distribution and potentially improved handling and ride .	comp_adj	1620
And in so doing she might have elicited deep sympathy and interest .	And in so doing she might have elicited deeper sympathy and interest .	comp_adj	1621
There is legislation proposed that would give shareholders great say on pay decisions .	There is legislation proposed that would give shareholders greater say on pay decisions .	comp_adj	1622
Miners also rose strongly , owing to high metals prices .	Miners also rose strongly , owing to higher metals prices .	comp_adj	1623
Strong democracies have brought demands for a share-out of economic growth .	Stronger democracies have brought demands for a share-out of economic growth .	comp_adj	1624
But in the computer age , consumers deserve good protection , he said .	But in the computer age , consumers deserve better protection , he said .	comp_adj	1625
Usually the media aims at old people to try and get their votes .	Usually the media aims at older people to try and get their votes .	comp_adj	1626
The world economy would be cleansed of its imbalances , emerging strong .	The world economy would be cleansed of its imbalances , emerging stronger .	comp_adj	1627
They deserve good support at home .	They deserve better support at home .	comp_adj	1628
It would be cheap in the long run .	It would be cheaper in the long run .	comp_adj	1629
To keep those investors buying , the Treasury pays high interest rates .	To keep those investors buying , the Treasury pays higher interest rates .	comp_adj	1630
My young brother had a stuffed leopard that he renamed Sputnik .	My younger brother had a stuffed leopard that he renamed Sputnik .	comp_adj	1631
I do not know who is bad , the lawyers or the senator .	I do not know who is worse , the lawyers or the senator .	comp_adj	1632
Now it is bad .	Now it is worse .	comp_adj	1633
A big problem was the discounting of prices by supermarkets and off licences .	A bigger problem was the discounting of prices by supermarkets and off licences .	comp_adj	1634
You rather suspect they might have good manners .	You rather suspect they might have better manners .	comp_adj	1635
A strong yen deflates yen-based futures prices .	A stronger yen deflates yen-based futures prices .	comp_adj	1636
Pay TV channels have a small but significant audience .	Pay TV channels have a smaller but significant audience .	comp_adj	1637
Certainly , Cronenberg 's cameras do not shy away from the bloody moments .	Certainly , Cronenberg 's cameras do not shy away from the bloodier moments .	comp_adj	1638
But Manny touched on a deep , more sinister fear .	But Manny touched on a deeper , more sinister fear .	comp_adj	1639
Unfortunately , as things now stand , the high judiciary has little credibility .	Unfortunately , as things now stand , the higher judiciary has little credibility .	comp_adj	1640
Despite his progress , Healy insists federal legislation needs to be tough .	Despite his progress , Healy insists federal legislation needs to be tougher .	comp_adj	1641
Parsons would be happy with a slightly less complicated solution .	Parsons would be happier with a slightly less complicated solution .	comp_adj	1642
We are far harsh on that than anyone else in Europe .	We are far harsher on that than anyone else in Europe .	comp_adj	1643
Good technology also is needed , Hubbard said .	Better technology also is needed , Hubbard said .	comp_adj	1644
Military officials gave small numbers .	Military officials gave smaller numbers .	comp_adj	1645
LoGrande said transumer culture will only grow large as the global economy expands .	LoGrande said transumer culture will only grow larger as the global economy expands .	comp_adj	1646
The reclassification would mean it would be hard to obtain refills .	The reclassification would mean it would be harder to obtain refills .	comp_adj	1647
There are also long trip options in the Caribbean .	There are also longer trip options in the Caribbean .	comp_adj	1648
Large , functioning windows are key to making a basement space feel inviting .	Larger , functioning windows are key to making a basement space feel inviting .	comp_adj	1649
But there is something dark at work .	But there is something darker at work .	comp_adj	1650
The vehicles give troops good protection against roadside bombs .	The vehicles give troops better protection against roadside bombs .	comp_adj	1651
Severe attacks may require high doses of steroids , taken in pills .	Severe attacks may require higher doses of steroids , taken in pills .	comp_adj	1652
International Paper and Chevron also moved low on profit news .	International Paper and Chevron also moved lower on profit news .	comp_adj	1653
We need to devise far good ways of overseeing contractors worldwide .	We need to devise far better ways of overseeing contractors worldwide .	comp_adj	1654
But she sees a big picture .	But she sees a bigger picture .	comp_adj	1655
Metacafe , he said , is for videos 8 minutes long and short .	Metacafe , he said , is for videos 8 minutes long and shorter .	comp_adj	1656
Darfur is experiencing a different , messy kind of war .	Darfur is experiencing a different , messier kind of war .	comp_adj	1657
Obama runs better among young Democratic voters and minorities .	Obama runs better among younger Democratic voters and minorities .	comp_adj	1658
Long Hours , Big Bargains Lure Shoppers He was 23-of-38 for 335 yards .	Longer Hours , Big Bargains Lure Shoppers He was 23-of-38 for 335 yards .	comp_adj	1659
E.T.A. will be close to 8 : 48 .	E.T.A. will be closer to 8 : 48 .	comp_adj	1660
But the bathroom in the visitors ' clubhouse gets a good grade .	But the bathroom in the visitors ' clubhouse gets a better grade .	comp_adj	1661
Holman recommended a blue fedora with a narrow brim .	Holman recommended a blue fedora with a narrower brim .	comp_adj	1662
They did not need good arguments ; they just needed new justices .	They did not need better arguments ; they just needed new justices .	comp_adj	1663
This large company had a layoff and I lost my job .	This larger company had a layoff and I lost my job .	comp_adj	1664
Retirement Living does not intend to slight the light side of life .	Retirement Living does not intend to slight the lighter side of life .	comp_adj	1665
And I had grown old .	And I had grown older .	comp_adj	1666
The dollar 's decline is already contributing to high oil prices .	The dollar 's decline is already contributing to higher oil prices .	comp_adj	1667
To be sure , eBay has good deals .	To be sure , eBay has better deals .	comp_adj	1668
But the new scans are controversial .	But the newer scans are controversial .	comp_adj	1669
I hope the next three months are easy .	I hope the next three months are easier .	comp_adj	1670
Which is the sexy story ?	Which is the sexier story ?	comp_adj	1671
But it has become common , particularly in old pets .	But it has become common , particularly in older pets .	comp_adj	1672
Long observation periods may be required in patients who experience infusion reactions .	Longer observation periods may be required in patients who experience infusion reactions .	comp_adj	1673
It is vastly simple in the popular imagination .	It is vastly simpler in the popular imagination .	comp_adj	1674
And it appears Golston and Montgomery are ready for big roles .	And it appears Golston and Montgomery are ready for bigger roles .	comp_adj	1675
But more does not mean happy .	But more does not mean happier .	comp_adj	1676
This is a pure notice of the achievement in the art .	This is a purer notice of the achievement in the art .	comp_adj	1677
He says the technology is applicable to a wide market across various sectors .	He says the technology is applicable to a wider market across various sectors .	comp_adj	1678
Rhodes is 70 , though he looks somewhat young .	Rhodes is 70 , though he looks somewhat younger .	comp_adj	1679
Their jobs were done , and they had good things to do .	Their jobs were done , and they had better things to do .	comp_adj	1680
Customers are happy if they do not see their rates skyrocket .	Customers are happier if they do not see their rates skyrocket .	comp_adj	1681
" Fortunately , cool heads prevailed , " Afshin wrote .	" Fortunately , cooler heads prevailed , " Afshin wrote .	comp_adj	1682
The other thing we see is that mature adults have high fat content .	The other thing we see is that mature adults have higher fat content .	comp_adj	1683
Ms. Mort 's version is kind .	Ms. Mort 's version is kinder .	comp_adj	1684
Collision Warning & Preparation They are keeping good track of your tax records .	Collision Warning & Preparation They are keeping better track of your tax records .	comp_adj	1685
" They 've probably never been safe , " she added .	" They 've probably never been safer , " she added .	comp_adj	1686
There are few things easy or more addictive on a hot afternoon .	There are few things easier or more addictive on a hot afternoon .	comp_adj	1687
When you are at the small levels , there is some renegade stuff .	When you are at the smaller levels , there is some renegade stuff .	comp_adj	1688
Since she enjoys baking for him , you could suggest low sugar recipes .	Since she enjoys baking for him , you could suggest lower sugar recipes .	comp_adj	1689
Shorter-term , conventional mortgages and auto loans are cheap .	Shorter-term , conventional mortgages and auto loans are cheaper .	comp_adj	1690
This was due to low sales at Yanacocha .	This was due to lower sales at Yanacocha .	comp_adj	1691
You will also be steady on your feet .	You will also be steadier on your feet .	comp_adj	1692
And most of them will default , if faced with sharply high rates .	And most of them will default , if faced with sharply higher rates .	comp_adj	1693
The young one nagged me relentlessly about boarding school .	The younger one nagged me relentlessly about boarding school .	comp_adj	1694
Demand is high and supply worsening .	Demand is higher and supply worsening .	comp_adj	1695
The Dow lost 16.74 on Wednesday , while broad indexes finished narrowly mixed .	The Dow lost 16.74 on Wednesday , while broader indexes finished narrowly mixed .	comp_adj	1696
Many Flemish complain their wealthy , service-based economy subsidizes Wallonia .	Many Flemish complain their wealthier , service-based economy subsidizes Wallonia .	comp_adj	1697
Not every marketing maneuver aimed at old consumers is wildly successful .	Not every marketing maneuver aimed at older consumers is wildly successful .	comp_adj	1698
Recent Turner shortlists reflect a great seriousness .	Recent Turner shortlists reflect a greater seriousness .	comp_adj	1699
D Mattias Norstrom ( low body injury ) was among the Dallas scratches .	D Mattias Norstrom ( lower body injury ) was among the Dallas scratches .	comp_adj	1700
Airlines could sell tickets cheap for kids .	Airlines could sell tickets cheaper for kids .	comp_adj	1701
Colombia offers distinct advantages besides low costs .	Colombia offers distinct advantages besides lower costs .	comp_adj	1702
The big question , is can anyone beat them ?	The bigger question , is can anyone beat them ?	comp_adj	1703
Delta exited bankruptcy a lean airline .	Delta exited bankruptcy a leaner airline .	comp_adj	1704
So was Mr. Kinmonth 's participation part of a plan for sexy rooms ?	So was Mr. Kinmonth 's participation part of a plan for sexier rooms ?	comp_adj	1705
Shares were modestly low on the session .	Shares were modestly lower on the session .	comp_adj	1706
Musharraf adversaries said large protests are expected later this week .	Musharraf adversaries said larger protests are expected later this week .	comp_adj	1707
Could Serena have played good tennis ?	Could Serena have played better tennis ?	comp_adj	1708
The challenge is to make sure poor groups catch up .	The challenge is to make sure poorer groups catch up .	comp_adj	1709
The more conscientious you were , the low your risk .	The more conscientious you were , the lower your risk .	comp_adj	1710
The agency called on the Greek authorities to provide financing for good conditions .	The agency called on the Greek authorities to provide financing for better conditions .	comp_adj	1711
Broad stock indicators also recovered .	Broader stock indicators also recovered .	comp_adj	1712
We have bad situations with rain and cold in the spring .	We have worse situations with rain and cold in the spring .	comp_adj	1713
Now they have to adapt to high demand levels .	Now they have to adapt to higher demand levels .	comp_adj	1714
The Bond portfolio income declined 2.5 % QoQ due to low bond prices .	The Bond portfolio income declined 2.5 % QoQ due to lower bond prices .	comp_adj	1715
The subjects had good lab tests on the other two diets .	The subjects had better lab tests on the other two diets .	comp_adj	1716
Broad indicators also declined .	Broader indicators also declined .	comp_adj	1717
" We are just stubborn people , " the old Mr. Kozinn said .	" We are just stubborn people , " the elder Mr. Kozinn said .	comp_adj	1718
Nadia was heavy .	Nadia was heavier .	comp_adj	1719
Scientist Urvashi Rangan brings a cool bag when she shops for groceries .	Scientist Urvashi Rangan brings a cooler bag when she shops for groceries .	comp_adj	1720
Our worry is that no-one is looking at the big picture .	Our worry is that no-one is looking at the bigger picture .	comp_adj	1721
And there are other benefits , even for young patients .	And there are other benefits , even for younger patients .	comp_adj	1722
But Schwarzenegger said he would like to set a high standard for California .	But Schwarzenegger said he would like to set a higher standard for California .	comp_adj	1723
Not just oil Austin figured the three-shot deficit would have be bad .	Not just oil Austin figured the three-shot deficit would have be worse .	comp_adj	1724
On Monday , Coughlin 's mood was notably cheery .	On Monday , Coughlin 's mood was notably cheerier .	comp_adj	1725
The synagogue is also at the center of a broad cultural renaissance .	The synagogue is also at the center of a broader cultural renaissance .	comp_adj	1726
But it costs consumers money in the form of high sugar prices .	But it costs consumers money in the form of higher sugar prices .	comp_adj	1727
" Old pets have a lot to offer , " Hinton said .	" Older pets have a lot to offer , " Hinton said .	comp_adj	1728
With hindsight , perhaps there is a deep message .	With hindsight , perhaps there is a deeper message .	comp_adj	1729
Bush then got a close look .	Bush then got a closer look .	comp_adj	1730
China is a good bet for that .	China is a better bet for that .	comp_adj	1731
Maybe we will have a good feeling about things .	Maybe we will have a better feeling about things .	comp_adj	1732
HDL cholesterol , the good kind , is OK at high levels .	HDL cholesterol , the good kind , is OK at higher levels .	comp_adj	1733
( King ) also decreased as a result of the low spending .	( King ) also decreased as a result of the lower spending .	comp_adj	1734
It comes after repeated political calls for close links between the nations .	It comes after repeated political calls for closer links between the nations .	comp_adj	1735
Time and self-reflection seem to have sanded down some of his rough edges .	Time and self-reflection seem to have sanded down some of his rougher edges .	comp_adj	1736
Only Isinbayeva has jumped high .	Only Isinbayeva has jumped higher .	comp_adj	1737
And who could be close to someone than a twin ?	And who could be closer to someone than a twin ?	comp_adj	1738
Some old Americans are looking for companionship rather than marriage .	Some older Americans are looking for companionship rather than marriage .	comp_adj	1739
The old woman believes she is cursed and destined to die alone .	The older woman believes she is cursed and destined to die alone .	comp_adj	1740
Some states grant one-time permits that allow trucks to be considerably heavy .	Some states grant one-time permits that allow trucks to be considerably heavier .	comp_adj	1741
But equally , Chinese worldwide policies are now coming under close examination .	But equally , Chinese worldwide policies are now coming under closer examination .	comp_adj	1742
Rates will be significantly low in cities and suburban areas .	Rates will be significantly lower in cities and suburban areas .	comp_adj	1743
Scioscia said the Angels do need a deep offense .	Scioscia said the Angels do need a deeper offense .	comp_adj	1744
What broad picture emerges from Mr Penn 's pointillist observations ?	What broader picture emerges from Mr Penn 's pointillist observations ?	comp_adj	1745
Young viewers are restless and on to the next thing .	Younger viewers are restless and on to the next thing .	comp_adj	1746
But do smart phones also translate into high revenue for operators ?	But do smart phones also translate into higher revenue for operators ?	comp_adj	1747
Economic data supported a case for pushing stocks high .	Economic data supported a case for pushing stocks higher .	comp_adj	1748
Its big rivals are McDonald 's and Burger King Holdings Inc .	Its bigger rivals are McDonald 's and Burger King Holdings Inc .	comp_adj	1749
A Lebanese pro-government MP hailed the new tough line from Paris .	A Lebanese pro-government MP hailed the new tougher line from Paris .	comp_adj	1750
Strict standards of cleanliness have prevented any recurrence of that accident .	Stricter standards of cleanliness have prevented any recurrence of that accident .	comp_adj	1751
It is as well the Spaniard is ignoring the big picture .	It is as well the Spaniard is ignoring the bigger picture .	comp_adj	1752
There was probably a big discrepancy of talent then .	There was probably a bigger discrepancy of talent then .	comp_adj	1753
" He is working tomorrow , " the young Gwynn said .	" He is working tomorrow , " the younger Gwynn said .	comp_adj	1754
Normal weight low in rheumatoid arthritis patients The camp is completely destroyed .	Normal weight lower in rheumatoid arthritis patients The camp is completely destroyed .	comp_adj	1755
The budgets are a lot small !	The budgets are a lot smaller !	comp_adj	1756
In addition , high inflation would dampen the interest rate outlook .	In addition , higher inflation would dampen the interest rate outlook .	comp_adj	1757
The argument for high tobacco taxes is simple enough .	The argument for higher tobacco taxes is simple enough .	comp_adj	1758
Now they are cooking up plans for a small , radically different product .	Now they are cooking up plans for a smaller , radically different product .	comp_adj	1759
The grand prize must go to a student in eighth grade or low .	The grand prize must go to a student in eighth grade or lower .	comp_adj	1760
Cheap environmental alternatives are available .	Cheaper environmental alternatives are available .	comp_adj	1761
I would buy the thin one .	I would buy the thinner one .	comp_adj	1762
But some gurus acknowledge that there is a dark side to the profession .	But some gurus acknowledge that there is a darker side to the profession .	comp_adj	1763
But this year it is a bit safe .	But this year it is a bit safer .	comp_adj	1764
Tough action But what is the business plan ?	Tougher action But what is the business plan ?	comp_adj	1765
Maybe the future is in the hands of individuals and small people .	Maybe the future is in the hands of individuals and smaller people .	comp_adj	1766
Irish politicians like Mr McCreevy sincerely believe that low taxes make countries competitive .	Irish politicians like Mr McCreevy sincerely believe that lower taxes make countries competitive .	comp_adj	1767
Another idea that is close to reality is turning biomass into fuel .	Another idea that is closer to reality is turning biomass into fuel .	comp_adj	1768
Two in three involve womb or breast cancer in middle-aged and old women .	Two in three involve womb or breast cancer in middle-aged and older women .	comp_adj	1769
He tapped his finger on key dates , stabbing hard on July 2 .	He tapped his finger on key dates , stabbing harder on July 2 .	comp_adj	1770
The high your elite status , the less expensive it is .	The higher your elite status , the less expensive it is .	comp_adj	1771
The young Vestergaard Frandsen never wanted to go into the family business .	The younger Vestergaard Frandsen never wanted to go into the family business .	comp_adj	1772
The increase is due to high oil prices received from export shipments .	The increase is due to higher oil prices received from export shipments .	comp_adj	1773
Hepatitis B can cause live cancer and cirrhosis .	Hepatitis B can cause liver cancer and cirrhosis .	comp_adj	1774
They do not want small .	They do not want smaller .	comp_adj	1775
Will Conan inherit a " Tonight " show left weak by the strike ?	Will Conan inherit a " Tonight " show left weaker by the strike ?	comp_adj	1776
Perhaps Rubens , the Baroque master , was close to the mark .	Perhaps Rubens , the Baroque master , was closer to the mark .	comp_adj	1777
My old sister , Mary , aptly , got a Mary statue .	My older sister , Mary , aptly , got a Mary statue .	comp_adj	1778
Weather-related problems can be attributed to a high power .	Weather-related problems can be attributed to a higher power .	comp_adj	1779
Miners had to dig deep to extract coal , which became uneconomical .	Miners had to dig deeper to extract coal , which became uneconomical .	comp_adj	1780
The widespread exposure could mean a great number of unreported hepatitis C infections .	The widespread exposure could mean a greater number of unreported hepatitis C infections .	comp_adj	1781
Vacuum clean industry executives and analysts gave Halo 's campaign mixed reviews .	Vacuum cleaner industry executives and analysts gave Halo 's campaign mixed reviews .	comp_adj	1782
This year they 'll be cold .	This year they 'll be colder .	comp_adj	1783
A third Security Council resolution , with tough sanctions , is being discussed .	A third Security Council resolution , with tougher sanctions , is being discussed .	comp_adj	1784
Willy Taveras followed with a ground that first baseman Conor Jackson booted .	Willy Taveras followed with a grounder that first baseman Conor Jackson booted .	comp_adj	1785
To cross-examination , might be the good expression .	To cross-examination , might be the better expression .	comp_adj	1786
Hey , it could be bad .	Hey , it could be worse .	comp_adj	1787
I wanted to offer my children a good life and top education .	I wanted to offer my children a better life and top education .	comp_adj	1788
Chinese demand for industrial metals has been a major driver of high prices .	Chinese demand for industrial metals has been a major driver of higher prices .	comp_adj	1789
Indeed , some economists cautioned against drawing large conclusions from yesterday 's data .	Indeed , some economists cautioned against drawing larger conclusions from yesterday 's data .	comp_adj	1790
TakeGreatPictures.com can help with tips on getting good vacation shots .	TakeGreatPictures.com can help with tips on getting better vacation shots .	comp_adj	1791
Her old sister Kylie had gotten only one affected gene .	Her older sister Kylie had gotten only one affected gene .	comp_adj	1792
Halloween is a lot easy to participate in .	Halloween is a lot easier to participate in .	comp_adj	1793
By 2002 , only two other agencies in the city did bad .	By 2002 , only two other agencies in the city did worse .	comp_adj	1794
Certainly Harlem 's appeal to tourists has never been strong .	Certainly Harlem 's appeal to tourists has never been stronger .	comp_adj	1795
Fla. show celebrates pigeons ' fine points STUART , Fla .	Fla. show celebrates pigeons ' finer points STUART , Fla .	comp_adj	1796
Meanwhile , both gold and the dollar were low .	Meanwhile , both gold and the dollar were lower .	comp_adj	1797
The heart will be hard , policy adventures will be tempered .	The heart will be harder , policy adventures will be tempered .	comp_adj	1798
But her performance grew strong .	But her performance grew stronger .	comp_adj	1799
The Web is sort of breaking apart into small pieces .	The Web is sort of breaking apart into smaller pieces .	comp_adj	1800
European markets moved sharply low .	European markets moved sharply lower .	comp_adj	1801
Several movies with small budgets surprised their makers with big profits .	Several movies with smaller budgets surprised their makers with big profits .	comp_adj	1802
The defense also has gotten a lot young .	The defense also has gotten a lot younger .	comp_adj	1803
There is a good way .	There is a better way .	comp_adj	1804
But elderly patients with other underlying illnesses face a great risk .	But elderly patients with other underlying illnesses face a greater risk .	comp_adj	1805
They showed signs of low social skills .	They showed signs of lower social skills .	comp_adj	1806
BHP shares closed 21p low at £ 16.08 .	BHP shares closed 21p lower at £ 16.08 .	comp_adj	1807
Closer to home , however , the text has had a hard time .	Closer to home , however , the text has had a harder time .	comp_adj	1808
I wanted something big to come out of our conversations with Ana .	I wanted something bigger to come out of our conversations with Ana .	comp_adj	1809
It is an old , sit-at-the-table-and-clap crowd , if that is your thing .	It is an older , sit-at-the-table-and-clap crowd , if that is your thing .	comp_adj	1810
It will only feel bad in the future , Gillett said .	It will only feel worse in the future , Gillett said .	comp_adj	1811
The union also agreed to low wages for some workers .	The union also agreed to lower wages for some workers .	comp_adj	1812
He has also given up smoking and focused hard on what he eats .	He has also given up smoking and focused harder on what he eats .	comp_adj	1813
This has not yet been discussed with the wide business community .	This has not yet been discussed with the wider business community .	comp_adj	1814
It will also pave the way for easy cross-border mergers .	It will also pave the way for easier cross-border mergers .	comp_adj	1815
It is cheap .	It is cheaper .	comp_adj	1816
The first is easy to establish .	The first is easier to establish .	comp_adj	1817
Old performers treated Mr. Dylan 's songs like rowdy pals .	Older performers treated Mr. Dylan 's songs like rowdy pals .	comp_adj	1818
" Young bands are more sensible than before , " he added .	" Younger bands are more sensible than before , " he added .	comp_adj	1819
Still , new gear is just around the corner .	Still , newer gear is just around the corner .	comp_adj	1820
Publishers have complained of tight censorship since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad became president in 2005 .	Publishers have complained of tighter censorship since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad became president in 2005 .	comp_adj	1821
But they are happy to own the house .	But they are happier to own the house .	comp_adj	1822
The Broncs also rely heavily on Thompson 's young brother , Ryan .	The Broncs also rely heavily on Thompson 's younger brother , Ryan .	comp_adj	1823
, asked whether Iraq was making the United States safe .	, asked whether Iraq was making the United States safer .	comp_adj	1824
Old children can clean the house and prepare meals .	Older children can clean the house and prepare meals .	comp_adj	1825
He understood that he was old and that rest would serve him well .	He understood that he was older and that rest would serve him well .	comp_adj	1826
A second , long boat is on the drawing board .	A second , longer boat is on the drawing board .	comp_adj	1827
In many homes , they replaced old traditional sets .	In many homes , they replaced older traditional sets .	comp_adj	1828
Cairn Energy closed 81p low at 2,216p .	Cairn Energy closed 81p lower at 2,216p .	comp_adj	1829
Howell 's remarks to Shappert were sharp .	Howell 's remarks to Shappert were sharper .	comp_adj	1830
" It could 've been bad , " Owens said Saturday night .	" It could 've been worse , " Owens said Saturday night .	comp_adj	1831
Lavrov 's comments to ITAR-Tass and RIA-Novosti earlier Thursday were strong .	Lavrov 's comments to ITAR-Tass and RIA-Novosti earlier Thursday were stronger .	comp_adj	1832
Businesses usually oppose such designations given the great damage awards that can result .	Businesses usually oppose such designations given the greater damage awards that can result .	comp_adj	1833
But it is okay now and hopefully it will be good tomorrow .	But it is okay now and hopefully it will be better tomorrow .	comp_adj	1834
A rebid of two diamonds would show a six-card or long suit .	A rebid of two diamonds would show a six-card or longer suit .	comp_adj	1835
" " You could not have picked a good cast .	" " You could not have picked a better cast .	comp_adj	1836
We have had hurricanes , but this is bad .	We have had hurricanes , but this is worse .	comp_adj	1837
Among African-Americans , the numbers are bad .	Among African-Americans , the numbers are worse .	comp_adj	1838
Moore not merry I am not gonna fight you .	Moore not merrier I am not gonna fight you .	comp_adj	1839
The big the burden on me , the more I would resent her .	The bigger the burden on me , the more I would resent her .	comp_adj	1840
But it should soon be easy to hold officers accountable .	But it should soon be easier to hold officers accountable .	comp_adj	1841
And they tend to be techy .	And they tend to be techier .	comp_adj	1842
2 : 30 p.m. Many women report light bleeding right away .	2 : 30 p.m. Many women report lighter bleeding right away .	comp_adj	1843
Immigrants now cluster in small illegal encampments in the area .	Immigrants now cluster in smaller illegal encampments in the area .	comp_adj	1844
On Tuesday , the governor will call on a high power .	On Tuesday , the governor will call on a higher power .	comp_adj	1845
His dreams are small now .	His dreams are smaller now .	comp_adj	1846
The poor performers will be affected the most .	The poorer performers will be affected the most .	comp_adj	1847
Those with poorly functioning copies were pudgy .	Those with poorly functioning copies were pudgier .	comp_adj	1848
Now I am a lot wise .	Now I am a lot wiser .	comp_adj	1849
Long flights could mean the difference between life and death .	Longer flights could mean the difference between life and death .	comp_adj	1850
Old convicts are exempted from marching in formation in some prisons .	Older convicts are exempted from marching in formation in some prisons .	comp_adj	1851
I mean drinking too much , too regularly , in the long term .	I mean drinking too much , too regularly , in the longer term .	comp_adj	1852
Some economists had expected a small increase to about 2.4 percent .	Some economists had expected a smaller increase to about 2.4 percent .	comp_adj	1853
Whether ethanol is truly to blame for high food prices is debatable .	Whether ethanol is truly to blame for higher food prices is debatable .	comp_adj	1854
And outsourcing of polluting industries has given them clean air and water .	And outsourcing of polluting industries has given them cleaner air and water .	comp_adj	1855
An old acquaintance introduced her to Elvis at an autograph signing .	An older acquaintance introduced her to Elvis at an autograph signing .	comp_adj	1856
They were just the good team at the end .	They were just the better team at the end .	comp_adj	1857
He apologizes , saying it is " my good half " calling .	He apologizes , saying it is " my better half " calling .	comp_adj	1858
Many of them had already gone ahead with our second , heavy bags .	Many of them had already gone ahead with our second , heavier bags .	comp_adj	1859
It is about being considerate to the young people on the flight .	It is about being considerate to the younger people on the flight .	comp_adj	1860
There is wide support for strict enforcement .	There is wide support for stricter enforcement .	comp_adj	1861
Even the community activism being heralded here needs a large context .	Even the community activism being heralded here needs a larger context .	comp_adj	1862
" Shrewd " was probably a good word .	" Shrewd " was probably a better word .	comp_adj	1863
For India , the benefits are arguably great .	For India , the benefits are arguably greater .	comp_adj	1864
The jury ultimately found her guilty of a little offense , voluntary manslaughter .	The jury ultimately found her guilty of a lesser offense , voluntary manslaughter .	comp_adj	1865
The pretty scenery has it price though .	The prettier scenery has it price though .	comp_adj	1866
Her face was wide and more expressive .	Her face was wider and more expressive .	comp_adj	1867
European stock markets also opened firm .	European stock markets also opened firmer .	comp_adj	1868
Even William Hung got good reviews for his performances .	Even William Hung got better reviews for his performances .	comp_adj	1869
It issued another , small recall of lead-contaminated toys last month .	It issued another , smaller recall of lead-contaminated toys last month .	comp_adj	1870
It was cheap , $ 1,300 a month , and ratless .	It was cheaper , $ 1,300 a month , and ratless .	comp_adj	1871
MySpace also is opening up the program to small advertisers through self-service tools .	MySpace also is opening up the program to smaller advertisers through self-service tools .	comp_adj	1872
His one-time was his first goal of the year .	His one-timer was his first goal of the year .	comp_adj	1873
It could be bad , though .	It could be worse , though .	comp_adj	1874
And that company has always insisted on high prices , he said .	And that company has always insisted on higher prices , he said .	comp_adj	1875
Chicago and Houston saw small increases .	Chicago and Houston saw smaller increases .	comp_adj	1876
Over 250 of the homes are located in the great DC metropolitan area .	Over 250 of the homes are located in the greater DC metropolitan area .	comp_adj	1877
" It is certainly a worry for young people , " he said .	" It is certainly a worry for younger people , " he said .	comp_adj	1878
And several analysts believe the stock is headed for $ 600 or high .	And several analysts believe the stock is headed for $ 600 or higher .	comp_adj	1879
Considering the low trading revenue during the period , analysts remained cautious .	Considering the lower trading revenue during the period , analysts remained cautious .	comp_adj	1880
GROUPS -- As usual the CCI is high in better-off groups .	GROUPS -- As usual the CCI is higher in better-off groups .	comp_adj	1881
Some people find it easy to stand .	Some people find it easier to stand .	comp_adj	1882
Broad stock indicators also gained .	Broader stock indicators also gained .	comp_adj	1883
In addition , 32 % wanted good advice and support provision .	In addition , 32 % wanted better advice and support provision .	comp_adj	1884
EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana urged China to lean hard on Burma .	EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana urged China to lean harder on Burma .	comp_adj	1885
Subsequent inflammation could cause pigmentary changes , or bad .	Subsequent inflammation could cause pigmentary changes , or worse .	comp_adj	1886
Others close to home think it is time for a reality check .	Others closer to home think it is time for a reality check .	comp_adj	1887
Mr Johnson said this could spell tough times for net firms .	Mr Johnson said this could spell tougher times for net firms .	comp_adj	1888
There are also tame pontoon boats and a few sailboats .	There are also tamer pontoon boats and a few sailboats .	comp_adj	1889
This year the task he faced was immeasurably tough .	This year the task he faced was immeasurably tougher .	comp_adj	1890
The expansion club fell deep into the Eastern Conference cellar .	The expansion club fell deeper into the Eastern Conference cellar .	comp_adj	1891
It is a shame " Lions " is not a good film .	It is a shame " Lions " is not a better film .	comp_adj	1892
Close Brett Myers recorded his 19th save .	Closer Brett Myers recorded his 19th save .	comp_adj	1893
But normally the children are young and the maltreatment more severe .	But normally the children are younger and the maltreatment more severe .	comp_adj	1894
She suggested that officials take a close look .	She suggested that officials take a closer look .	comp_adj	1895
For Macy 's , the stakes could not be high .	For Macy 's , the stakes could not be higher .	comp_adj	1896
It would be easy to wear it than eat it .	It would be easier to wear it than eat it .	comp_adj	1897
After the hurricane , matters grew bad .	After the hurricane , matters grew worse .	comp_adj	1898
Leave the siblings behind if they are a lot young .	Leave the siblings behind if they are a lot younger .	comp_adj	1899
We had thought that children medicated longer would have good outcomes .	We had thought that children medicated longer would have better outcomes .	comp_adj	1900
Then again , old age was bad .	Then again , old age was worse .	comp_adj	1901
Foster , 51 , could not have been happy .	Foster , 51 , could not have been happier .	comp_adj	1902
Others argue that prices have been driven artificially high by speculative investing .	Others argue that prices have been driven artificially higher by speculative investing .	comp_adj	1903
Personal audio players and other small electronics can stay in your carry-on bag .	Personal audio players and other smaller electronics can stay in your carry-on bag .	comp_adj	1904
Some years we have strong winds , some none at all .	Some years we have stronger winds , some none at all .	comp_adj	1905
Broad indicators also rose .	Broader indicators also rose .	comp_adj	1906
They are also easy to clean than aluminum .	They are also easier to clean than aluminum .	comp_adj	1907
Emergency aid has also improved , thanks partly to good technology .	Emergency aid has also improved , thanks partly to better technology .	comp_adj	1908
Brown 's own wide " family " is unsettled .	Brown 's own wider " family " is unsettled .	comp_adj	1909
There is just not much here for our young generation .	There is just not much here for our younger generation .	comp_adj	1910
Or it would be a loss leader to a high value proposition .	Or it would be a loss leader to a higher value proposition .	comp_adj	1911
Improved results reflect low operating costs including a decrease in bad debt provision .	Improved results reflect lower operating costs including a decrease in bad debt provision .	comp_adj	1912
The big tests lie ahead .	The bigger tests lie ahead .	comp_adj	1913
In harsh conditions , a dainty rolling bag is absurdly out of place .	In harsher conditions , a dainty rolling bag is absurdly out of place .	comp_adj	1914
Future studies will examine large numbers of adolescents .	Future studies will examine larger numbers of adolescents .	comp_adj	1915
Great Manchester Police are now trying to find the robbers .	Greater Manchester Police are now trying to find the robbers .	comp_adj	1916
This excludes the newish amateur landlord scared into selling by high interest rates .	This excludes the newish amateur landlord scared into selling by higher interest rates .	comp_adj	1917
The London market was dragged low by mining companies .	The London market was dragged lower by mining companies .	comp_adj	1918
But his parents , Nathalie and David Hodgson , want a wide ban .	But his parents , Nathalie and David Hodgson , want a wider ban .	comp_adj	1919
But its battles are part of a wide war .	But its battles are part of a wider war .	comp_adj	1920
But the standard does not apply to old trains .	But the standard does not apply to older trains .	comp_adj	1921
It is sort of like a rodeo , but on a small scale .	It is sort of like a rodeo , but on a smaller scale .	comp_adj	1922
The press 's great openness could reflect political change in Beijing .	The press 's greater openness could reflect political change in Beijing .	comp_adj	1923
But analysts said Apple might have a tough time in Europe .	But analysts said Apple might have a tougher time in Europe .	comp_adj	1924
ENVIRONMENTAL campaigners are anxious to keep up the pressure for tough marine protection .	ENVIRONMENTAL campaigners are anxious to keep up the pressure for tougher marine protection .	comp_adj	1925
SEPTEMBER turned dry after the wet summer , the Met Office said yesterday .	SEPTEMBER turned drier after the wet summer , the Met Office said yesterday .	comp_adj	1926
Such tampering can bring new light power to a golf club .	Such tampering can bring new lighter power to a golf club .	comp_adj	1927
Precious metals edged high on the Nymex , bolstered by the falling dollar .	Precious metals edged higher on the Nymex , bolstered by the falling dollar .	comp_adj	1928
The decline was attributed in part to high education levels .	The decline was attributed in part to higher education levels .	comp_adj	1929
A weak dollar boosts exports and lowers the trade deficit .	A weaker dollar boosts exports and lowers the trade deficit .	comp_adj	1930
Many people choose white meat over dark because of its low caloric content .	Many people choose white meat over dark because of its lower caloric content .	comp_adj	1931
The old Chamberlian has limited use of his left arm .	The elder Chamberlian has limited use of his left arm .	comp_adj	1932
Use small serving spoons and plates .	Use smaller serving spoons and plates .	comp_adj	1933
Those reports fueled speculation that Mr. Fink had big ambitions .	Those reports fueled speculation that Mr. Fink had bigger ambitions .	comp_adj	1934
Not only is Colbert funny , but he is also polling better .	Not only is Colbert funnier , but he is also polling better .	comp_adj	1935
And by a wide range of measures , their weight is looming large .	And by a wide range of measures , their weight is looming larger .	comp_adj	1936
By Doug Struck Zandhuis sees Moneta as the start of a large movement .	By Doug Struck Zandhuis sees Moneta as the start of a larger movement .	comp_adj	1937
He is close to being a backup than a solid starter .	He is closer to being a backup than a solid starter .	comp_adj	1938
I am close to the Republicans on healthcare .	I am closer to the Republicans on healthcare .	comp_adj	1939
Each of these victories adds up to a safe nation .	Each of these victories adds up to a safer nation .	comp_adj	1940
-- High metals prices and increased production benefited sales volume growth .	-- Higher metals prices and increased production benefited sales volume growth .	comp_adj	1941
In OFF the hill 's considerably bright .	In OFF the hill 's considerably brighter .	comp_adj	1942
But I did not resist the blonding because I felt sexy .	But I did not resist the blonding because I felt sexier .	comp_adj	1943
Nickel rallied 2 percent , zinc rose 2.6 percent and lead edged high .	Nickel rallied 2 percent , zinc rose 2.6 percent and lead edged higher .	comp_adj	1944
As such , we are expecting low ready-mixed volumes in 2008 .	As such , we are expecting lower ready-mixed volumes in 2008 .	comp_adj	1945
According to sentencing guidelines , he will most likely face little charges .	According to sentencing guidelines , he will most likely face lesser charges .	comp_adj	1946
High crude prices lift companies ' energy bills and bite into profits .	Higher crude prices lift companies ' energy bills and bite into profits .	comp_adj	1947
Silverberg says hydrocortisone has a " broad anti-inflammatory effect " than antihistamines .	Silverberg says hydrocortisone has a " broader anti-inflammatory effect " than antihistamines .	comp_adj	1948
But I will come back next year strong , for sure .	But I will come back next year stronger , for sure .	comp_adj	1949
Fears of high inflation are preventing a cure .	Fears of higher inflation are preventing a cure .	comp_adj	1950
Many federal retirees had hoped for a high COLA next year .	Many federal retirees had hoped for a higher COLA next year .	comp_adj	1951
" " Sometimes the old you get maybe sometimes priorities change .	" " Sometimes the older you get maybe sometimes priorities change .	comp_adj	1952
The crittercam revealed the seals were actually headed to deep water to eat .	The crittercam revealed the seals were actually headed to deeper water to eat .	comp_adj	1953
" Tight rings would indicate a drought period , " he said .	" Tighter rings would indicate a drought period , " he said .	comp_adj	1954
, said he transferred from Iowa State to be close to his family .	, said he transferred from Iowa State to be closer to his family .	comp_adj	1955
Lord John 's old brother , Hal , is the Earl of Melton .	Lord John 's older brother , Hal , is the Earl of Melton .	comp_adj	1956
Was this part of the grand plan ?	Was this part of the grander plan ?	comp_adj	1957
The Alexander-themed collection will replace an old museum in Pella .	The Alexander-themed collection will replace an older museum in Pella .	comp_adj	1958
, some years back , to be close to her daughters .	, some years back , to be closer to her daughters .	comp_adj	1959
And she was an incredible principal before , but a good principal now .	And she was an incredible principal before , but a better principal now .	comp_adj	1960
Close Francisco Cordero recorded his 41st save .	Closer Francisco Cordero recorded his 41st save .	comp_adj	1961
And a result of that competition is low prices .	And a result of that competition is lower prices .	comp_adj	1962
Some experts think bad is still to come .	Some experts think worse is still to come .	comp_adj	1963
This is an issue that has recently gotten great attention .	This is an issue that has recently gotten greater attention .	comp_adj	1964
Big homes And what if the American troops leave ?	Bigger homes And what if the American troops leave ?	comp_adj	1965
But it would have been bad to play on Sunday .	But it would have been worse to play on Sunday .	comp_adj	1966
California officials say their state 's law was tough and acted faster .	California officials say their state 's law was tougher and acted faster .	comp_adj	1967
Players must be 18 or old .	Players must be 18 or older .	comp_adj	1968
That effort saw him removed from the education brief to a quiet place .	That effort saw him removed from the education brief to a quieter place .	comp_adj	1969
And it is in that broad perspective that its true magic surfaces .	And it is in that broader perspective that its true magic surfaces .	comp_adj	1970
Long-shot , anti-war candidate Ron Paul also spoke to the large audience .	Long-shot , anti-war candidate Ron Paul also spoke to the larger audience .	comp_adj	1971
He said the study makes the case for wide use of the devices .	He said the study makes the case for wider use of the devices .	comp_adj	1972
Rates may be high over holidays .	Rates may be higher over holidays .	comp_adj	1973
Industry executives say new technology makes good performance more likely .	Industry executives say new technology makes better performance more likely .	comp_adj	1974
The news helped propel shares of financial services companies sharply high .	The news helped propel shares of financial services companies sharply higher .	comp_adj	1975
The growth in price of detached homes has been significantly slow .	The growth in price of detached homes has been significantly slower .	comp_adj	1976
You are strong for knowing what you are up against .	You are stronger for knowing what you are up against .	comp_adj	1977
Jarrod Saltalamacchia led off with a ground that Gonzalez threw away .	Jarrod Saltalamacchia led off with a grounder that Gonzalez threw away .	comp_adj	1978
It is not a coincidence - your body is weak .	It is not a coincidence - your body is weaker .	comp_adj	1979
The informal poll revealed a large truth about law schools at the time .	The informal poll revealed a larger truth about law schools at the time .	comp_adj	1980
PE : We are funny and more sophisticated than you are .	PE : We are funnier and more sophisticated than you are .	comp_adj	1981
McNair has had to adjust as he is gotten old .	McNair has had to adjust as he is gotten older .	comp_adj	1982
Broad stock indicators also lost ground .	Broader stock indicators also lost ground .	comp_adj	1983
And he said the spike in energy costs could spark high overall inflation .	And he said the spike in energy costs could spark higher overall inflation .	comp_adj	1984
Heavy Is Better The situation is not good in Afghanistan at the moment .	Heavier Is Better The situation is not good in Afghanistan at the moment .	comp_adj	1985
More often there are bad ones .	More often there are worse ones .	comp_adj	1986
A single Army brigade occupied a country large and more populous than Iraq .	A single Army brigade occupied a country larger and more populous than Iraq .	comp_adj	1987
They are demanding great regional control over oil revenues , jobs and development .	They are demanding greater regional control over oil revenues , jobs and development .	comp_adj	1988
Much of this growth was targeted at low priced wines .	Much of this growth was targeted at lower priced wines .	comp_adj	1989
It was Germany who finished the half the strong .	It was Germany who finished the half the stronger .	comp_adj	1990
Small rallies took place in Thailand , Indonesia , Japan and the Philippines .	Smaller rallies took place in Thailand , Indonesia , Japan and the Philippines .	comp_adj	1991
There will also be calls for great standardisation of structured products .	There will also be calls for greater standardisation of structured products .	comp_adj	1992
I hope this is a good hour for all of you !	I hope this is a better hour for all of you !	comp_adj	1993
The result might be great riding economy .	The result might be greater riding economy .	comp_adj	1994
Experts are recommending people prepare their portfolio for tough times to come .	Experts are recommending people prepare their portfolio for tougher times to come .	comp_adj	1995
But the two women share a deep connection .	But the two women share a deeper connection .	comp_adj	1996
These are all sensible arguments for low rates .	These are all sensible arguments for lower rates .	comp_adj	1997
But some critics argue that these villagers are among the lucky ones .	But some critics argue that these villagers are among the luckier ones .	comp_adj	1998
A new runway accommodates heavy C-5 cargo planes and Boeing 747s .	A new runway accommodates heavier C-5 cargo planes and Boeing 747s .	comp_adj	1999
but this was bad .	but this was worse .	comp_adj	2000
And Howard University has a large dorm for upperclassmen .	And Howard University has a larger dorm for upperclassmen .	comp_adj	2001
Are you wishing you could do a good job financially in 2008 ?	Are you wishing you could do a better job financially in 2008 ?	comp_adj	2002
Stern measures are appropriate .	Sterner measures are appropriate .	comp_adj	2003
The S & N shares closed 3p low at 764p .	The S & N shares closed 3p lower at 764p .	comp_adj	2004
Again , Reich fingers great competition as the culprit .	Again , Reich fingers greater competition as the culprit .	comp_adj	2005
And what good place to wear it than this ?	And what better place to wear it than this ?	comp_adj	2006
" I think any bullpen starts with a close , " Wedge said .	" I think any bullpen starts with a closer , " Wedge said .	comp_adj	2007
But these bonds have recently become a tough sell .	But these bonds have recently become a tougher sell .	comp_adj	2008
Which , if England win tomorrow , would be the great achievement ?	Which , if England win tomorrow , would be the greater achievement ?	comp_adj	2009
Hollow and telescoping , they are easy to move .	Hollow and telescoping , they are easier to move .	comp_adj	2010
But health ministries are taking tough action against smoking .	But health ministries are taking tougher action against smoking .	comp_adj	2011
This is a fantastic suggestion that I hope other old trick-or-treaters will adopt .	This is a fantastic suggestion that I hope other older trick-or-treaters will adopt .	comp_adj	2012
Old Southern Baptist parishioners have given up traditional hymns and organ music .	Older Southern Baptist parishioners have given up traditional hymns and organ music .	comp_adj	2013
The economy is in good shape too .	The economy is in better shape too .	comp_adj	2014
The old boy was head-butted when he asked what the commotion was about .	The older boy was head-butted when he asked what the commotion was about .	comp_adj	2015
.. The impact appears to be somewhat big for low-income children .	.. The impact appears to be somewhat bigger for low-income children .	comp_adj	2016
Somanetics also is evaluating applying for additional patents related to the small sensors .	Somanetics also is evaluating applying for additional patents related to the smaller sensors .	comp_adj	2017
There are several other warehouses , small and more anonymous .	There are several other warehouses , smaller and more anonymous .	comp_adj	2018
" " Opportunities to be a good player .	" " Opportunities to be a better player .	comp_adj	2019
A small outbreak was also seen in British Columbia in 2005 .	A smaller outbreak was also seen in British Columbia in 2005 .	comp_adj	2020
I gave it that deep quality .	I gave it that deeper quality .	comp_adj	2021
But Daltrey 's story has a happy ending .	But Daltrey 's story has a happier ending .	comp_adj	2022
The increase in output pushed productivity higher and meant low unit labor costs .	The increase in output pushed productivity higher and meant lower unit labor costs .	comp_adj	2023
But damage to old examples can often be restored .	But damage to older examples can often be restored .	comp_adj	2024
The photographers had been gathering in ever great numbers at the front .	The photographers had been gathering in ever greater numbers at the front .	comp_adj	2025
The symbolism behind the noose could not be clear , she said today .	The symbolism behind the noose could not be clearer , she said today .	comp_adj	2026
These elements are put in the service of great emotion .	These elements are put in the service of greater emotion .	comp_adj	2027
The viewers that news shows attract tend to be old .	The viewers that news shows attract tend to be older .	comp_adj	2028
Those using old technologies , for instance , may benefit less .	Those using older technologies , for instance , may benefit less .	comp_adj	2029
It was simple , once .	It was simpler , once .	comp_adj	2030
A large issue is whether the drugs aim at the right targets .	A larger issue is whether the drugs aim at the right targets .	comp_adj	2031
The musical , for ages 9 and old , runs through Nov. 3 .	The musical , for ages 9 and older , runs through Nov. 3 .	comp_adj	2032
The Redskins ' future is far easy to anticipate than usual .	The Redskins ' future is far easier to anticipate than usual .	comp_adj	2033
In small amounts , lead can cause developmental delays and behavioral problems .	In smaller amounts , lead can cause developmental delays and behavioral problems .	comp_adj	2034
I understand the interest , but there is something big at stake here .	I understand the interest , but there is something bigger at stake here .	comp_adj	2035
Woods won the third playoff event , big headlines .	Woods won the third playoff event , bigger headlines .	comp_adj	2036
She and her young brother Momen are all he has left .	She and her younger brother Momen are all he has left .	comp_adj	2037
Close Joe Nathan recorded his 30th save .	Closer Joe Nathan recorded his 30th save .	comp_adj	2038
" In the north , " it is bad .	" In the north , " it is worse .	comp_adj	2039
If anything , the issue has grown murky .	If anything , the issue has grown murkier .	comp_adj	2040
She said his hair was long and he had put on weight .	She said his hair was longer and he had put on weight .	comp_adj	2041
He wanted to be on the patrol because his old sister had been .	He wanted to be on the patrol because his older sister had been .	comp_adj	2042
I can say they think they have a good approach .	I can say they think they have a better approach .	comp_adj	2043
-- Furthermore , global operations seem to contribute to strong performance .	-- Furthermore , global operations seem to contribute to stronger performance .	comp_adj	2044
There is now a fourth , noble option .	There is now a fourth , nobler option .	comp_adj	2045
For good value , head slightly farther out .	For better value , head slightly farther out .	comp_adj	2046
Protecting individual soldiers was a bit simple .	Protecting individual soldiers was a bit simpler .	comp_adj	2047
But workers 50 or old can put in an additional $ 5,000 .	But workers 50 or older can put in an additional $ 5,000 .	comp_adj	2048
They wanted long sentences .	They wanted longer sentences .	comp_adj	2049
Large firms are suffering too .	Larger firms are suffering too .	comp_adj	2050
Affeldt retired Juan Pierre on a ground to second .	Affeldt retired Juan Pierre on a grounder to second .	comp_adj	2051
Maybe they have low expectations .	Maybe they have lower expectations .	comp_adj	2052
We started building good tools and giving informal talks to different technical groups .	We started building better tools and giving informal talks to different technical groups .	comp_adj	2053
The universe just got a little bit slim .	The universe just got a little bit slimmer .	comp_adj	2054
Many investors were looking for a large production boost .	Many investors were looking for a larger production boost .	comp_adj	2055
Size : Grows up to 65ft , but often small .	Size : Grows up to 65ft , but often smaller .	comp_adj	2056
Eventually , they hope that clean energy sources will be found .	Eventually , they hope that cleaner energy sources will be found .	comp_adj	2057
There can be inappropriate sexual conduct from old people .	There can be inappropriate sexual conduct from older people .	comp_adj	2058
These are much more likely to occur among young motorists .	These are much more likely to occur among younger motorists .	comp_adj	2059
The bill also covers the far small costs of the war in Afghanistan .	The bill also covers the far smaller costs of the war in Afghanistan .	comp_adj	2060
It takes a long time for an old man to get an erection .	It takes a long time for an older man to get an erection .	comp_adj	2061
On short kicks , the effect is negligible .	On shorter kicks , the effect is negligible .	comp_adj	2062
Their attention spans are short .	Their attention spans are shorter .	comp_adj	2063
Broad stock indexes were also little changed .	Broader stock indexes were also little changed .	comp_adj	2064
The VMAs had good luck with their own reinvention on Sunday .	The VMAs had better luck with their own reinvention on Sunday .	comp_adj	2065
The old Bourque was in attendance .	The elder Bourque was in attendance .	comp_adj	2066
Mr Thompson 's political resumé is somewhat thin .	Mr Thompson 's political resumé is somewhat thinner .	comp_adj	2067
The strong yen makes Japanese exports more expensive and less competitive overseas .	The stronger yen makes Japanese exports more expensive and less competitive overseas .	comp_adj	2068
It is easy to find work at the CIA .	It is easier to find work at the CIA .	comp_adj	2069
But big plans lie ahead .	But bigger plans lie ahead .	comp_adj	2070
Romney has a big lead there in the latest surveys .	Romney has a bigger lead there in the latest surveys .	comp_adj	2071
Administration officials have provided somewhat high revenue projections .	Administration officials have provided somewhat higher revenue projections .	comp_adj	2072
The proposals focus on providing small houses to free up the large properties .	The proposals focus on providing small houses to free up the larger properties .	comp_adj	2073
The long action is delayed , the more it will cost .	The longer action is delayed , the more it will cost .	comp_adj	2074
She is carried to classes each morning on an old sibling 's back .	She is carried to classes each morning on an older sibling 's back .	comp_adj	2075
Things could be bad .	Things could be worse .	comp_adj	2076
I cannot blame the Gamboa Rainforest Resort for charging you a high rate .	I cannot blame the Gamboa Rainforest Resort for charging you a higher rate .	comp_adj	2077
Mr. Raskatov evokes the playfulness and audacity of the young Schnittke .	Mr. Raskatov evokes the playfulness and audacity of the younger Schnittke .	comp_adj	2078
Maryland and Virginia also reported low scores .	Maryland and Virginia also reported lower scores .	comp_adj	2079
Other Nymex energy futures were also high .	Other Nymex energy futures were also higher .	comp_adj	2080
But obstetricians today are paying close attention to these complications .	But obstetricians today are paying closer attention to these complications .	comp_adj	2081
We need to do a good job of protecting up front .	We need to do a better job of protecting up front .	comp_adj	2082
It said expansion of BarCap might expose the bank to great risks .	It said expansion of BarCap might expose the bank to greater risks .	comp_adj	2083
Oil prices ended low after hitting a record in electronic trading .	Oil prices ended lower after hitting a record in electronic trading .	comp_adj	2084
Locals named the young woman as Clare , Matthew Cowell 's girlfriend .	Locals named the younger woman as Clare , Matthew Cowell 's girlfriend .	comp_adj	2085
A rebid of two hearts would suggest a fair hand but good hearts .	A rebid of two hearts would suggest a fair hand but better hearts .	comp_adj	2086
I see that they will be featuring young contestants .	I see that they will be featuring younger contestants .	comp_adj	2087
The old Romney suffered amid misguided questions about his mental health .	The elder Romney suffered amid misguided questions about his mental health .	comp_adj	2088
The charity 's timing could not have been bad .	The charity 's timing could not have been worse .	comp_adj	2089
They found the more flavoursome varieties had high levels of specific chemicals .	They found the more flavoursome varieties had higher levels of specific chemicals .	comp_adj	2090
Rossi said bearded dragons are sometimes known to attack small species of lizard .	Rossi said bearded dragons are sometimes known to attack smaller species of lizard .	comp_adj	2091
The Company is also preparing to move into new and large neighbouring premises .	The Company is also preparing to move into new and larger neighbouring premises .	comp_adj	2092
The Russell 2000 index of small companies rose 1.57 to 773.95 .	The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies rose 1.57 to 773.95 .	comp_adj	2093
Dell predicted Whole Foods will close many small Wild Oats locations .	Dell predicted Whole Foods will close many smaller Wild Oats locations .	comp_adj	2094
The Nets ' situation grew bad in the third quarter .	The Nets ' situation grew worse in the third quarter .	comp_adj	2095
And strictly , Thomas argues , for the bad .	And strictly , Thomas argues , for the worse .	comp_adj	2096
I think that most old Russians look down on these programs .	I think that most older Russians look down on these programs .	comp_adj	2097
A little bit tough , but that is fine .	A little bit tougher , but that is fine .	comp_adj	2098
Dr. Nissen was the lead investigator on a small clinical trial of torcetrapib .	Dr. Nissen was the lead investigator on a smaller clinical trial of torcetrapib .	comp_adj	2099
She said it would be easy if the father was dead .	She said it would be easier if the father was dead .	comp_adj	2100
Among the funny sections is the " Higher Education " chapter .	Among the funnier sections is the " Higher Education " chapter .	comp_adj	2101
Broad stock indicators advanced .	Broader stock indicators advanced .	comp_adj	2102
My understanding our long statements will have to be included in the record .	My understanding our longer statements will have to be included in the record .	comp_adj	2103
But let 's consider the broad context here .	But let 's consider the broader context here .	comp_adj	2104
Britain also sees tough sanctions as essential .	Britain also sees tougher sanctions as essential .	comp_adj	2105
They say they are safe buying a cone when an irresistible urge strikes .	They say they are safer buying a cone when an irresistible urge strikes .	comp_adj	2106
My impression is that the prevailing pressure for the latter is strong .	My impression is that the prevailing pressure for the latter is stronger .	comp_adj	2107
Byrd said the H.G.H. did not make him a good pitcher .	Byrd said the H.G.H. did not make him a better pitcher .	comp_adj	2108
The reason is simple ; they get good odds .	The reason is simple ; they get better odds .	comp_adj	2109
It is hard to know which conclusion would be bad .	It is hard to know which conclusion would be worse .	comp_adj	2110
Do a hard but short one on another .	Do a hard but shorter one on another .	comp_adj	2111
But a prolonged strike may cause deep financial problems , analysts say .	But a prolonged strike may cause deeper financial problems , analysts say .	comp_adj	2112
Little doubts have doomed 14th Street relationships .	Lesser doubts have doomed 14th Street relationships .	comp_adj	2113
This meant the developer had to dig deep for the foundation .	This meant the developer had to dig deeper for the foundation .	comp_adj	2114
Demand for high investment returns is also playing a part .	Demand for higher investment returns is also playing a part .	comp_adj	2115
Correctly prescribed lenses are safe , Dr. D 'Amico pointed out .	Correctly prescribed lenses are safer , Dr. D 'Amico pointed out .	comp_adj	2116
But the aim is to cast the net considerably wide .	But the aim is to cast the net considerably wider .	comp_adj	2117
Patient listeners will find payoff deep in this bluesy excursion .	Patient listeners will find payoff deeper in this bluesy excursion .	comp_adj	2118
And then there is the large cultural discomfort of a man subordinated .	And then there is the larger cultural discomfort of a man subordinated .	comp_adj	2119
Old middle and high school students start classes today .	Older middle and high school students start classes today .	comp_adj	2120
The European Union also vowed to seek tight sanctions .	The European Union also vowed to seek tighter sanctions .	comp_adj	2121
They also had high levels of beneficial minerals such as iron and zinc .	They also had higher levels of beneficial minerals such as iron and zinc .	comp_adj	2122
The big problem is infrastructure bottlenecks .	The bigger problem is infrastructure bottlenecks .	comp_adj	2123
He is in a good position to know himself .	He is in a better position to know himself .	comp_adj	2124
They want a high salary .	They want a higher salary .	comp_adj	2125
" Dr. Lukash advocated for the weak phrase , " reasonable probability .	" Dr. Lukash advocated for the weaker phrase , " reasonable probability .	comp_adj	2126
But he is also convinced that certain small publishers will make the transition .	But he is also convinced that certain smaller publishers will make the transition .	comp_adj	2127
" Seen good days , " Judge Rosen said .	" Seen better days , " Judge Rosen said .	comp_adj	2128
With little players , he took them under his wing .	With lesser players , he took them under his wing .	comp_adj	2129
The wide picture in Iraq remains precarious .	The wider picture in Iraq remains precarious .	comp_adj	2130
Just said the study was unbiased .	Juster said the study was unbiased .	comp_adj	2131
For the new residents , the mood is expansive .	For the newer residents , the mood is expansive .	comp_adj	2132
I love to listen to the stories of the old generations .	I love to listen to the stories of the older generations .	comp_adj	2133
Broad stock indexes also gained slightly .	Broader stock indexes also gained slightly .	comp_adj	2134
Warm weather also aids rodent survival and reproductive rates .	Warmer weather also aids rodent survival and reproductive rates .	comp_adj	2135
What is scarey ?	What is scarier ?	comp_adj	2136
Its sanctions have been correspondingly mild .	Its sanctions have been correspondingly milder .	comp_adj	2137
It is close to a trapezoid .	It is closer to a trapezoid .	comp_adj	2138
Manning does not get bogged down by a little defense .	Manning does not get bogged down by a lesser defense .	comp_adj	2139
Today , mining deep , they are in profit .	Today , mining deeper , they are in profit .	comp_adj	2140
Suitable for : Mild climates , though it will tolerate frost .	Suitable for : Milder climates , though it will tolerate frost .	comp_adj	2141
It just needs a firm hand .	It just needs a firmer hand .	comp_adj	2142
Some want to challenge Google head on with a good search engine .	Some want to challenge Google head on with a better search engine .	comp_adj	2143
Fancy fabrics making a comeback in cars We are independent .	Fancier fabrics making a comeback in cars We are independent .	comp_adj	2144
She is got strong convictions .	She is got stronger convictions .	comp_adj	2145
Her mother and her old sister are dead now .	Her mother and her older sister are dead now .	comp_adj	2146
A judge said last December that the claims of old abuse were unsubstantiated .	A judge said last December that the claims of elder abuse were unsubstantiated .	comp_adj	2147
The old Bansal was charged with heading the organization .	The elder Bansal was charged with heading the organization .	comp_adj	2148
Lavrov 's comments to ITAR-TASS and RIA-Novosti earlier Thursday were strong .	Lavrov 's comments to ITAR-TASS and RIA-Novosti earlier Thursday were stronger .	comp_adj	2149
Monocle is easy to figure out .	Monocle is easier to figure out .	comp_adj	2150
We will shop for a good offer .	We will shop for a better offer .	comp_adj	2151
The situation has prompted a wide review of secondary school provision in Dumfries .	The situation has prompted a wider review of secondary school provision in Dumfries .	comp_adj	2152
We were beaten by a good team .	We were beaten by a better team .	comp_adj	2153
Some manufacturers offer a great choice of colors .	Some manufacturers offer a greater choice of colors .	comp_adj	2154
But the housing bust is really a small part of a large story .	But the housing bust is really a small part of a larger story .	comp_adj	2155
Harder you press , sweet the shine .	Harder you press , sweeter the shine .	comp_adj	2156
The nerves in my low left leg shut up shop .	The nerves in my lower left leg shut up shop .	comp_adj	2157
Spears mother and young sister flew to Los Angeles Friday evening .	Spears mother and younger sister flew to Los Angeles Friday evening .	comp_adj	2158
" I am old , " Yao said with a smile .	" I am older , " Yao said with a smile .	comp_adj	2159
There is also growing demand from overloaded executives for short books .	There is also growing demand from overloaded executives for shorter books .	comp_adj	2160
The burns appear to be from some sort of acid or light fluid .	The burns appear to be from some sort of acid or lighter fluid .	comp_adj	2161
Garcia said the fire was mostly contained to the home 's low level .	Garcia said the fire was mostly contained to the home 's lower level .	comp_adj	2162
This promises bad mayhem .	This promises worse mayhem .	comp_adj	2163
Signs of a broad downturn are beginning to appear .	Signs of a broader downturn are beginning to appear .	comp_adj	2164
Commuter parking is tricky .	Commuter parking is trickier .	comp_adj	2165
The increase primarily reflects high finding and development costs and increased production volumes .	The increase primarily reflects higher finding and development costs and increased production volumes .	comp_adj	2166
Their priority is legislation that would subject the companies to strong oversight .	Their priority is legislation that would subject the companies to stronger oversight .	comp_adj	2167
The study found no evidence that helicopter parenting produces good grades .	The study found no evidence that helicopter parenting produces better grades .	comp_adj	2168
" " I am different but clever .	" " I am different but cleverer .	comp_adj	2169
The old child chose to call me by my first name .	The older child chose to call me by my first name .	comp_adj	2170
The Starbucks outlets are mainly in wealthy districts .	The Starbucks outlets are mainly in wealthier districts .	comp_adj	2171
Children ages 3 and young are admitted free .	Children ages 3 and younger are admitted free .	comp_adj	2172
Poor countries are also losing faith in the IMF 's economic prescriptions .	Poorer countries are also losing faith in the IMF 's economic prescriptions .	comp_adj	2173
It can even help you find a good rate on your credit card .	It can even help you find a better rate on your credit card .	comp_adj	2174
Create a good society ?	Create a better society ?	comp_adj	2175
One of those , high credit spreads , has indeed appeared .	One of those , higher credit spreads , has indeed appeared .	comp_adj	2176
Other small hurdles remain for the hotel .	Other smaller hurdles remain for the hotel .	comp_adj	2177
" It was a good situation before , " he said .	" It was a better situation before , " he said .	comp_adj	2178
Many other zoos in the country have significantly high tiger enclosures .	Many other zoos in the country have significantly higher tiger enclosures .	comp_adj	2179
Now it is a good system for Spurs .	Now it is a better system for Spurs .	comp_adj	2180
But Mr Harper appears to be keen on an early vote now .	But Mr Harper appears to be keener on an early vote now .	comp_adj	2181
A strong yuan makes Chinese exports more expensive overseas .	A stronger yuan makes Chinese exports more expensive overseas .	comp_adj	2182
I think that would be a good way to conduct matters .	I think that would be a better way to conduct matters .	comp_adj	2183
Imedi and a small station Kavkasia remained off the air .	Imedi and a smaller station Kavkasia remained off the air .	comp_adj	2184
Football cannot be exported with the deep connection .	Football cannot be exported with the deeper connection .	comp_adj	2185
Festival organizers told the News the festival is growing large every year .	Festival organizers told the News the festival is growing larger every year .	comp_adj	2186
It is like having a big motor , Dr. Secher said .	It is like having a bigger motor , Dr. Secher said .	comp_adj	2187
But the long expansion has also had a flakey side .	But the long expansion has also had a flakier side .	comp_adj	2188
But then we are off again on a wild canter .	But then we are off again on a wilder canter .	comp_adj	2189
Officials acknowledged the theft , though they said the scope was small .	Officials acknowledged the theft , though they said the scope was smaller .	comp_adj	2190
A cheap yuan allows China to flood the world with its exports .	A cheaper yuan allows China to flood the world with its exports .	comp_adj	2191
In the broad picture , of course , you are absolutely right .	In the broader picture , of course , you are absolutely right .	comp_adj	2192
Big hips do not put the mother herself at great risk ?	Big hips do not put the mother herself at greater risk ?	comp_adj	2193
I am definitely happy with Isla in our lives so that helps .	I am definitely happier with Isla in our lives so that helps .	comp_adj	2194
For the 2011 school year , the schools will have roomy new quarters .	For the 2011 school year , the schools will have roomier new quarters .	comp_adj	2195
Industrial metals largely traded high .	Industrial metals largely traded higher .	comp_adj	2196
But fast releases might not be as worthwhile for new bands .	But fast releases might not be as worthwhile for newer bands .	comp_adj	2197
I want to be just like you when I am old .	I want to be just like you when I am older .	comp_adj	2198
Kennedy 's old sister Eunice gave Dodd a $ 5,000 check .	Kennedy 's older sister Eunice gave Dodd a $ 5,000 check .	comp_adj	2199
Why worry about a weak dollar ?	Why worry about a weaker dollar ?	comp_adj	2200
Fuentes , the former close , gets Ortiz on a well-hit fly .	Fuentes , the former closer , gets Ortiz on a well-hit fly .	comp_adj	2201
More onerous regulatory compliance activities are also contributing to the high costs .	More onerous regulatory compliance activities are also contributing to the higher costs .	comp_adj	2202
Some big systems operate like manned aircraft even in remote areas .	Some bigger systems operate like manned aircraft even in remote areas .	comp_adj	2203
Children in care given big say He still has plenty of money .	Children in care given bigger say He still has plenty of money .	comp_adj	2204
And lenders to property developers have started issuing tough terms .	And lenders to property developers have started issuing tougher terms .	comp_adj	2205
But some of the Administrative Review Board results were murky .	But some of the Administrative Review Board results were murkier .	comp_adj	2206
The dollar was low against other major currencies , while gold prices rose .	The dollar was lower against other major currencies , while gold prices rose .	comp_adj	2207
The breach prompted numerous calls for strong data-protection laws .	The breach prompted numerous calls for stronger data-protection laws .	comp_adj	2208
The young generation is spending more on entertainment .	The younger generation is spending more on entertainment .	comp_adj	2209
Some young people have left , looking for work in Calcutta and Delhi .	Some younger people have left , looking for work in Calcutta and Delhi .	comp_adj	2210
A new , more reliable alternative is Citizendium ( en.citizendium.org ) .	A newer , more reliable alternative is Citizendium ( en.citizendium.org ) .	comp_adj	2211
The Americans are in good form .	The Americans are in better form .	comp_adj	2212
" Also consider short , fringe bangs , " she said .	" Also consider shorter , fringe bangs , " she said .	comp_adj	2213
This reasonable change allows the chance of a good outcome for everyone .	This reasonable change allows the chance of a better outcome for everyone .	comp_adj	2214
Miles could not have been happy .	Miles could not have been happier .	comp_adj	2215
M.H. : With an old house , quality workmanship will pay off .	M.H. : With an older house , quality workmanship will pay off .	comp_adj	2216
Later Zola was blunt .	Later Zola was blunter .	comp_adj	2217
The dollar was high against most other major currencies except the yen .	The dollar was higher against most other major currencies except the yen .	comp_adj	2218
Meeting singles has never been easy .	Meeting singles has never been easier .	comp_adj	2219
High rates , a tool to combat inflation , can strengthen a currency .	Higher rates , a tool to combat inflation , can strengthen a currency .	comp_adj	2220
Unfortunately they seem to have chosen the path of high spending .	Unfortunately they seem to have chosen the path of higher spending .	comp_adj	2221
The good stuff happened off-stage .	The better stuff happened off-stage .	comp_adj	2222
This is the toxin that causes live damage after a paracetamol overdose .	This is the toxin that causes liver damage after a paracetamol overdose .	comp_adj	2223
Tie in tenants : consider long tenancies .	Tie in tenants : consider longer tenancies .	comp_adj	2224
He said the fire had not spread to low floors .	He said the fire had not spread to lower floors .	comp_adj	2225
" We could not have been happy , " Ms. Shick said .	" We could not have been happier , " Ms. Shick said .	comp_adj	2226
So , young kids could find this book a bit difficult to read .	So , younger kids could find this book a bit difficult to read .	comp_adj	2227
But these teams also have good players in some key positions .	But these teams also have better players in some key positions .	comp_adj	2228
Fertilizers provide nutrients to allow plants to grow big and more quickly .	Fertilizers provide nutrients to allow plants to grow bigger and more quickly .	comp_adj	2229
And there are large social and economic factors .	And there are larger social and economic factors .	comp_adj	2230
It is also calling for great representation at the European Court of Justice .	It is also calling for greater representation at the European Court of Justice .	comp_adj	2231
" We have got a little bit old , " Halliwell said .	" We have got a little bit older , " Halliwell said .	comp_adj	2232
Target said its high margin categories include apparel and home furnishings .	Target said its higher margin categories include apparel and home furnishings .	comp_adj	2233
Because you want a good life for them .	Because you want a better life for them .	comp_adj	2234
Saving jobs seems the likely choice .	Saving jobs seems the likelier choice .	comp_adj	2235
It is still possible that negative sentiment could drive prices low .	It is still possible that negative sentiment could drive prices lower .	comp_adj	2236
If only the climate were dry .	If only the climate were drier .	comp_adj	2237
During warm months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean .	During warmer months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean .	comp_adj	2238
We need to take good care of ourselves .	We need to take better care of ourselves .	comp_adj	2239
But there was a large picture .	But there was a larger picture .	comp_adj	2240
He routinely helps young receivers like Sinorice Moss and Anthony Mix with routes .	He routinely helps younger receivers like Sinorice Moss and Anthony Mix with routes .	comp_adj	2241
Sleep deprivation has been linked to poor grades , moodiness and depression .	Sleep deprivation has been linked to poorer grades , moodiness and depression .	comp_adj	2242
High gold prices have spurred miners to work ever deep in marginal mines .	High gold prices have spurred miners to work ever deeper in marginal mines .	comp_adj	2243
Osaka has one of the highest ratios of old buildings in the country .	Osaka has one of the highest ratios of older buildings in the country .	comp_adj	2244
But the carnage could have been bad .	But the carnage could have been worse .	comp_adj	2245
His age simply became shorthand for a critique of wide failures .	His age simply became shorthand for a critique of wider failures .	comp_adj	2246
However correspondents say relations may turn cool .	However correspondents say relations may turn cooler .	comp_adj	2247
Oh yeah , and there would also be farm aid and good schools .	Oh yeah , and there would also be farm aid and better schools .	comp_adj	2248
Fortunately , new Bluetooth phones now warn the user .	Fortunately , newer Bluetooth phones now warn the user .	comp_adj	2249
There are examples of creatures that are thriving in a warm world .	There are examples of creatures that are thriving in a warmer world .	comp_adj	2250
The event drew a few noisy protesters but the broad reaction was muted .	The event drew a few noisy protesters but the broader reaction was muted .	comp_adj	2251
Who 's smart ?	Who 's smarter ?	comp_adj	2252
I 'll just have to hear what the old lads feel and think .	I 'll just have to hear what the older lads feel and think .	comp_adj	2253
Also , the broad online education industry has come under increased scrutiny .	Also , the broader online education industry has come under increased scrutiny .	comp_adj	2254
For Arthur Schlesinger 's efforts , the rest of us are rich .	For Arthur Schlesinger 's efforts , the rest of us are richer .	comp_adj	2255
A strong dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers .	A stronger dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers .	comp_adj	2256
Not only energy prices may be high in November .	Not only energy prices may be higher in November .	comp_adj	2257
People in low-lying areas moved to high ground .	People in low-lying areas moved to higher ground .	comp_adj	2258
Small banks were keen buyers of these complex investments .	Smaller banks were keen buyers of these complex investments .	comp_adj	2259
is bad for black .	is worse for black .	comp_adj	2260
Studies have even linked height to high salaries .	Studies have even linked height to higher salaries .	comp_adj	2261
The Liberal Democrats have the votes in the low house to do that .	The Liberal Democrats have the votes in the lower house to do that .	comp_adj	2262
A small plant , at nearby Plaistow , makes Golden Syrup .	A smaller plant , at nearby Plaistow , makes Golden Syrup .	comp_adj	2263
Boomers also want to live in cities that young people enjoy .	Boomers also want to live in cities that younger people enjoy .	comp_adj	2264
The Giants are the good team and they will win this game .	The Giants are the better team and they will win this game .	comp_adj	2265
He will reduce rents by 30 percent to encourage small tenants .	He will reduce rents by 30 percent to encourage smaller tenants .	comp_adj	2266
We wanted to get more young buyers .	We wanted to get more younger buyers .	comp_adj	2267
A small number are from overseas .	A smaller number are from overseas .	comp_adj	2268
No data has surfaced linking such regional practice differences to good outcomes .	No data has surfaced linking such regional practice differences to better outcomes .	comp_adj	2269
The hope is that low rates would draw more independent programming .	The hope is that lower rates would draw more independent programming .	comp_adj	2270
Most areas offer old protective services that will intervene in domestic situations .	Most areas offer elder protective services that will intervene in domestic situations .	comp_adj	2271
Mr Schapiro is a campaigner for tough regulation of American business .	Mr Schapiro is a campaigner for tougher regulation of American business .	comp_adj	2272
COULTER : We would be a lot safe .	COULTER : We would be a lot safer .	comp_adj	2273
Broad indexes also rose .	Broader indexes also rose .	comp_adj	2274
In 2007 , ICF started to deliver grants at a great speed .	In 2007 , ICF started to deliver grants at a greater speed .	comp_adj	2275
Broad community acceptance in Columbia will come with time , Doshi said .	Broader community acceptance in Columbia will come with time , Doshi said .	comp_adj	2276
Still , crack feels large .	Still , crack feels larger .	comp_adj	2277
" " It is easy if I do not ask .	" " It is easier if I do not ask .	comp_adj	2278
Good options are YouTube or GlobeCast satellite distribution .	Better options are YouTube or GlobeCast satellite distribution .	comp_adj	2279
A couple of small movies are worth looking out for .	A couple of smaller movies are worth looking out for .	comp_adj	2280
" I miss being with young people , " she said .	" I miss being with younger people , " she said .	comp_adj	2281
George Mason dominated the backboards , outrebounding the tall Flyers 42-35 .	George Mason dominated the backboards , outrebounding the taller Flyers 42-35 .	comp_adj	2282
Most consumers ( 58 percent ) have FICO scores of 700 or high .	Most consumers ( 58 percent ) have FICO scores of 700 or higher .	comp_adj	2283
The others face the little charge of collaborating with a terrorist group .	The others face the lesser charge of collaborating with a terrorist group .	comp_adj	2284
Dealmakers at hedge funds and private-equity firms could bring in substantially large bonuses .	Dealmakers at hedge funds and private-equity firms could bring in substantially larger bonuses .	comp_adj	2285
Old people are not afraid to be original .	Older people are not afraid to be original .	comp_adj	2286
Good Homes and Gardens and bhg.com are part of the Meredith Corporation .	Better Homes and Gardens and bhg.com are part of the Meredith Corporation .	comp_adj	2287
The losing pitcher was close Matt Capps ( 4-6 ) .	The losing pitcher was closer Matt Capps ( 4-6 ) .	comp_adj	2288
Syria has now imposed tight entry rules on Iraqis .	Syria has now imposed tighter entry rules on Iraqis .	comp_adj	2289
This was supposed to make the world a good place .	This was supposed to make the world a better place .	comp_adj	2290
And that weight gain , back pain and cancer were great health concerns .	And that weight gain , back pain and cancer were greater health concerns .	comp_adj	2291
The pace of the work has picked up as elections have drawn near .	The pace of the work has picked up as elections have drawn nearer .	comp_adj	2292
The old Mr. Molinaro , for his part , is not backing away .	The elder Mr. Molinaro , for his part , is not backing away .	comp_adj	2293
Mint suggested that I sign up for credit cards with low rates .	Mint suggested that I sign up for credit cards with lower rates .	comp_adj	2294
I believe these suggestions will make Hong Kong a good place .	I believe these suggestions will make Hong Kong a better place .	comp_adj	2295
The large apartments are proving to be good investments .	The larger apartments are proving to be good investments .	comp_adj	2296
I expected this golf course to be one of the hard ones .	I expected this golf course to be one of the harder ones .	comp_adj	2297
Nature has gone through bad stuff before .	Nature has gone through worse stuff before .	comp_adj	2298
We are playing one of the good teams in the country .	We are playing one of the better teams in the country .	comp_adj	2299
Acetaminophen overdoses can cause live failure .	Acetaminophen overdoses can cause liver failure .	comp_adj	2300
Maeve 's old sister was pregnant .	Maeve 's older sister was pregnant .	comp_adj	2301
Some developers find getting financing a bit tricky .	Some developers find getting financing a bit trickier .	comp_adj	2302
High compensation expenses accounted for most of the remainder .	Higher compensation expenses accounted for most of the remainder .	comp_adj	2303
Perhaps a big estrogen drop is required for breast cancer .	Perhaps a bigger estrogen drop is required for breast cancer .	comp_adj	2304
Moreover , its promise of high productivity and efficiency has not been realized .	Moreover , its promise of higher productivity and efficiency has not been realized .	comp_adj	2305
But Edwards has generally been bold in staking it out .	But Edwards has generally been bolder in staking it out .	comp_adj	2306
Your heart rate is low .	Your heart rate is lower .	comp_adj	2307
You could not have done bad if you tried .	You could not have done worse if you tried .	comp_adj	2308
Small OLED panels are in use in some cellphones and portable video players .	Smaller OLED panels are in use in some cellphones and portable video players .	comp_adj	2309
Now we have clean ways of using fossil fuels to get there .	Now we have cleaner ways of using fossil fuels to get there .	comp_adj	2310
Congress has passed a good law that would make American air travelers safe .	Congress has passed a good law that would make American air travelers safer .	comp_adj	2311
The results in both periods largely reflected high revenue from closed-end funds .	The results in both periods largely reflected higher revenue from closed-end funds .	comp_adj	2312
New Orleans will be big .	New Orleans will be bigger .	comp_adj	2313
Hamilton 's portfolio is not as diversified as those of some large rivals .	Hamilton 's portfolio is not as diversified as those of some larger rivals .	comp_adj	2314
It would also use fast tram-type vehicles instead of trains .	It would also use faster tram-type vehicles instead of trains .	comp_adj	2315
" Hair is going short for men , " said Jindrich .	" Hair is going shorter for men , " said Jindrich .	comp_adj	2316
The light dimmed , went cold , and the creatures stirred .	The light dimmed , went colder , and the creatures stirred .	comp_adj	2317
Opponents of wide access say that is exactly what they had feared .	Opponents of wider access say that is exactly what they had feared .	comp_adj	2318
Storms of Category 3 and high are called " major " hurricanes .	Storms of Category 3 and higher are called " major " hurricanes .	comp_adj	2319
Her voice acquires a sharp edge when it is mentioned .	Her voice acquires a sharper edge when it is mentioned .	comp_adj	2320
Only Switzerland fared bad , coming last with no points .	Only Switzerland fared worse , coming last with no points .	comp_adj	2321
Dr Smith suggested purchasing good quality hand towels and getting old curtains replaced .	Dr Smith suggested purchasing better quality hand towels and getting old curtains replaced .	comp_adj	2322
Young Chinese men and women seemed to be gravitating to the Sands .	Younger Chinese men and women seemed to be gravitating to the Sands .	comp_adj	2323
Jon Stewart : Obviously , the president has a good idea .	Jon Stewart : Obviously , the president has a better idea .	comp_adj	2324
May the good man win .	May the better man win .	comp_adj	2325
How bad can worse become in Iraq ?	How worse can worse become in Iraq ?	comp_adj	2326
" So I would have liked good assurances , " Specter said .	" So I would have liked better assurances , " Specter said .	comp_adj	2327
What percentage of video gamers are 50 or old ?	What percentage of video gamers are 50 or older ?	comp_adj	2328
But close Manny Corpas came in and retired Carlos Ruiz .	But closer Manny Corpas came in and retired Carlos Ruiz .	comp_adj	2329
It is picking up in young men .	It is picking up in younger men .	comp_adj	2330
Most premium Bourbons are aged for six years or long .	Most premium Bourbons are aged for six years or longer .	comp_adj	2331
Proponents , however , are adamant that proton centers provide good treatment .	Proponents , however , are adamant that proton centers provide better treatment .	comp_adj	2332
'Daw ' is an honorific used in speaking of old women .	'Daw ' is an honorific used in speaking of older women .	comp_adj	2333
Among small firms , that was one in 12 .	Among smaller firms , that was one in 12 .	comp_adj	2334
I have just found it is easy not to discuss finances with friends .	I have just found it is easier not to discuss finances with friends .	comp_adj	2335
They wanted tough sentences .	They wanted tougher sentences .	comp_adj	2336
But if she was old I might suggest a few things .	But if she was older I might suggest a few things .	comp_adj	2337
But as I grew old , I had my doubts .	But as I grew older , I had my doubts .	comp_adj	2338
Agreement signed on close military cooperation with Russia .	Agreement signed on closer military cooperation with Russia .	comp_adj	2339
I was always happy playing my guitar in the dark .	I was always happier playing my guitar in the dark .	comp_adj	2340
They are proposing high taxes on dividends and capital gains .	They are proposing higher taxes on dividends and capital gains .	comp_adj	2341
A warming climate means the worms now pose a wide threat .	A warming climate means the worms now pose a wider threat .	comp_adj	2342
Can I get the bus and do I want to be fit ?	Can I get the bus and do I want to be fitter ?	comp_adj	2343
Lennox seems happy with this notion .	Lennox seems happier with this notion .	comp_adj	2344
His art displays its alt ego .	His art displays its alter ego .	comp_adj	2345
And among those who got delayed treatment , 32 had a big stroke .	And among those who got delayed treatment , 32 had a bigger stroke .	comp_adj	2346
Let me live day by day ; it is easy .	Let me live day by day ; it is easier .	comp_adj	2347
Close Billy Wagner earned his 31st save .	Closer Billy Wagner earned his 31st save .	comp_adj	2348
Most favored harsh rules .	Most favored harsher rules .	comp_adj	2349
Researchers may also seek a network that consumes low levels of energy .	Researchers may also seek a network that consumes lower levels of energy .	comp_adj	2350
Which is the good deal remains to be seen , Py said .	Which is the better deal remains to be seen , Py said .	comp_adj	2351
Clinton recently voted for a resolution that would place great pressure on Iran .	Clinton recently voted for a resolution that would place greater pressure on Iran .	comp_adj	2352
Plus , he said , Thanksgiving has broad appeal .	Plus , he said , Thanksgiving has broader appeal .	comp_adj	2353
This is a clever solution .	This is a cleverer solution .	comp_adj	2354
Many women raise vegetables and small animals , Bell said .	Many women raise vegetables and smaller animals , Bell said .	comp_adj	2355
Plus , they saw big messages in Owens ' short statement .	Plus , they saw bigger messages in Owens ' short statement .	comp_adj	2356
Small , nine-inch markers would litter the site .	Smaller , nine-inch markers would litter the site .	comp_adj	2357
In Europe , major markets were also high .	In Europe , major markets were also higher .	comp_adj	2358
-- High tuition reimbursements provide career advancement opportunities .	-- Higher tuition reimbursements provide career advancement opportunities .	comp_adj	2359
Those with big budgets can add in separate sinks in those work zones .	Those with bigger budgets can add in separate sinks in those work zones .	comp_adj	2360
I am really focused on finding good paintings .	I am really focused on finding better paintings .	comp_adj	2361
A good name would be Lil Skanks !	A better name would be Lil Skanks !	comp_adj	2362
Then , they programmed them to prefer the light shelters .	Then , they programmed them to prefer the lighter shelters .	comp_adj	2363
Lance bought a home in New York City to be close to her .	Lance bought a home in New York City to be closer to her .	comp_adj	2364
High gold prices also contributed to the increase in first quarter revenue .	Higher gold prices also contributed to the increase in first quarter revenue .	comp_adj	2365
" " We have to do a good job of executing .	" " We have to do a better job of executing .	comp_adj	2366
So they really could not have chosen a good cause .	So they really could not have chosen a better cause .	comp_adj	2367
Other popular schools fared bad .	Other popular schools fared worse .	comp_adj	2368
The scientists plan to extend their research to high animals .	The scientists plan to extend their research to higher animals .	comp_adj	2369
Parliament would have to be changed into upper and low houses .	Parliament would have to be changed into upper and lower houses .	comp_adj	2370
It also means safe cycling .	It also means safer cycling .	comp_adj	2371
Meanwhile , International Paper Co. and Chevron Corp. moved low on profit news .	Meanwhile , International Paper Co. and Chevron Corp. moved lower on profit news .	comp_adj	2372
Cool temperatures were expected over the next several days .	Cooler temperatures were expected over the next several days .	comp_adj	2373
Strong China Among those beaten was Georgia 's human-rights ombudsman , Sozar Subari .	Stronger China Among those beaten was Georgia 's human-rights ombudsman , Sozar Subari .	comp_adj	2374
New and good talk from those two would have been nice .	New and better talk from those two would have been nice .	comp_adj	2375
In the areas hardest-hit by defaults , the glut is far big .	In the areas hardest-hit by defaults , the glut is far bigger .	comp_adj	2376
It is easy to live on benefit .	It is easier to live on benefit .	comp_adj	2377
Happy times : David Trezeguet celebrates after scoring for Juventus against Torino .	Happier times : David Trezeguet celebrates after scoring for Juventus against Torino .	comp_adj	2378
Cloned embryos would be a good source .	Cloned embryos would be a better source .	comp_adj	2379
It hurts bad to hear it over and over .	It hurts worse to hear it over and over .	comp_adj	2380
24 , 2007 , and entrants must be 18 or old .	24 , 2007 , and entrants must be 18 or older .	comp_adj	2381
Why does he think the in-family humor works for a large audience ?	Why does he think the in-family humor works for a larger audience ?	comp_adj	2382
Annual revenue for young companies was only $ 190 million on average .	Annual revenue for younger companies was only $ 190 million on average .	comp_adj	2383
But counting on young voters can be a tenuous proposition .	But counting on younger voters can be a tenuous proposition .	comp_adj	2384
Our pride has made the world a good place ?	Our pride has made the world a better place ?	comp_adj	2385
Operational improvements are resulting in low manufacturing variances to increase profitability .	Operational improvements are resulting in lower manufacturing variances to increase profitability .	comp_adj	2386
Hers are gray and generally female .	Hers are grayer and generally female .	comp_adj	2387
Who did a good job ?	Who did a better job ?	comp_adj	2388
Close Al Reyes earned his 25th save .	Closer Al Reyes earned his 25th save .	comp_adj	2389
And please put Holiday Challenge magnet in the subject line for fast handling .	And please put Holiday Challenge magnet in the subject line for faster handling .	comp_adj	2390
Be plastic fantastic A lot dumb .	Be plastic fantastic A lot dumber .	comp_adj	2391
Fast Forward { vbar } Palm 's Flop This was a fascinating period .	Faster Forward { vbar } Palm 's Flop This was a fascinating period .	comp_adj	2392
Must be legal Michigan resident , 18 years or old .	Must be legal Michigan resident , 18 years or older .	comp_adj	2393
Other choices were easy .	Other choices were easier .	comp_adj	2394
The dollar traded mostly low against other major currencies .	The dollar traded mostly lower against other major currencies .	comp_adj	2395
If anything , our family is strong because of this .	If anything , our family is stronger because of this .	comp_adj	2396
Proponents of faith-based programs insist they can achieve low rates .	Proponents of faith-based programs insist they can achieve lower rates .	comp_adj	2397
The young Stevens has not been charged in connection with the probe .	The younger Stevens has not been charged in connection with the probe .	comp_adj	2398
I could not have had a good trip .	I could not have had a better trip .	comp_adj	2399
Percentage of Hispanics 16 and old who are in the civilian labor force .	Percentage of Hispanics 16 and older who are in the civilian labor force .	comp_adj	2400
There would not a good horse of my generation .	There would not a better horse of my generation .	comp_adj	2401
That is in terms of lost exports and low meat prices .	That is in terms of lost exports and lower meat prices .	comp_adj	2402
Small science satellites will get flung into high orbits .	Small science satellites will get flung into higher orbits .	comp_adj	2403
Analysts said small European banks might also produce further unwelcome news .	Analysts said smaller European banks might also produce further unwelcome news .	comp_adj	2404
Then began the difficult job of reconstructing the girl 's low body .	Then began the difficult job of reconstructing the girl 's lower body .	comp_adj	2405
Torre confirmed the two had a good relationship this season in New York .	Torre confirmed the two had a better relationship this season in New York .	comp_adj	2406
, plans to seek a low price .	, plans to seek a lower price .	comp_adj	2407
Disaster seemed a safe choice .	Disaster seemed a safer choice .	comp_adj	2408
Foods that are stewed or steam-cooked tend to have low AGE concentrations .	Foods that are stewed or steam-cooked tend to have lower AGE concentrations .	comp_adj	2409
His new team could not be happy to have him .	His new team could not be happier to have him .	comp_adj	2410
We could have done a bunch of things good today .	We could have done a bunch of things better today .	comp_adj	2411
Prime Minister Gordon Brown pledged tough action on gun crime .	Prime Minister Gordon Brown pledged tougher action on gun crime .	comp_adj	2412
In high temperatures , we sweat to get rid of heat .	In higher temperatures , we sweat to get rid of heat .	comp_adj	2413
Energy , metals and agriculture futures all moved high .	Energy , metals and agriculture futures all moved higher .	comp_adj	2414
Finally , remember that moms want a good world for their kids .	Finally , remember that moms want a better world for their kids .	comp_adj	2415
He also had an affinity for dating old women .	He also had an affinity for dating older women .	comp_adj	2416
But you put yourself in a situation of great risk .	But you put yourself in a situation of greater risk .	comp_adj	2417
But Apple is new to mobile device game .	But Apple is newer to mobile device game .	comp_adj	2418
" Now it is quiet , " he said .	" Now it is quieter , " he said .	comp_adj	2419
Escalating your case is easy when you write something , too .	Escalating your case is easier when you write something , too .	comp_adj	2420
Nerves are stretched tight in the financial services and construction industries .	Nerves are stretched tighter in the financial services and construction industries .	comp_adj	2421
More accommodating absence policies lead to high morale and productivity , she said .	More accommodating absence policies lead to higher morale and productivity , she said .	comp_adj	2422
However , a high jobless rate also reflects a growing labor force .	However , a higher jobless rate also reflects a growing labor force .	comp_adj	2423
Good paper stock might encourage readers to hang on to it too .	Better paper stock might encourage readers to hang on to it too .	comp_adj	2424
There is a big disappointment , however .	There is a bigger disappointment , however .	comp_adj	2425
And U.S. consumers will likely follow Europeans in demanding high environmental standards .	And U.S. consumers will likely follow Europeans in demanding higher environmental standards .	comp_adj	2426
Margins of victory were high at the other three Detroit-area locals .	Margins of victory were higher at the other three Detroit-area locals .	comp_adj	2427
There will never be a good tax write off than a home .	There will never be a better tax write off than a home .	comp_adj	2428
Death and heart attack rates were also low in 2004 .	Death and heart attack rates were also lower in 2004 .	comp_adj	2429
High school students come by to help the old children with their homework .	High school students come by to help the older children with their homework .	comp_adj	2430
In 1995 , it was given a flashy look with rhinestones .	In 1995 , it was given a flashier look with rhinestones .	comp_adj	2431
Seneca has a small percentage of routes considered expert and elite .	Seneca has a smaller percentage of routes considered expert and elite .	comp_adj	2432
Small states took the first steps .	Smaller states took the first steps .	comp_adj	2433
They too have paved the way for so many bright futures .	They too have paved the way for so many brighter futures .	comp_adj	2434
On the low decks VIP guests can meet in lounges or conference areas .	On the lower decks VIP guests can meet in lounges or conference areas .	comp_adj	2435
The second theme is strong families and a more responsible society .	The second theme is stronger families and a more responsible society .	comp_adj	2436
Austria and Thailand are among those with low scores .	Austria and Thailand are among those with lower scores .	comp_adj	2437
There is a large irony in all this .	There is a larger irony in all this .	comp_adj	2438
It won enormous contracts to care for great numbers of children .	It won enormous contracts to care for greater numbers of children .	comp_adj	2439
Two Muslim clerics ensnared in the wide investigation were deported for immigration violations .	Two Muslim clerics ensnared in the wider investigation were deported for immigration violations .	comp_adj	2440
Resolution said it still believed that the Friends deal offered good value .	Resolution said it still believed that the Friends deal offered better value .	comp_adj	2441
Lloyd eventually declared that he wanted some tough competition .	Lloyd eventually declared that he wanted some tougher competition .	comp_adj	2442
The Treasury concedes some downside risks , including tight credit conditions .	The Treasury concedes some downside risks , including tighter credit conditions .	comp_adj	2443
Galleries became storage rooms for lack of good places to put the art .	Galleries became storage rooms for lack of better places to put the art .	comp_adj	2444
High oil prices hurt the economy because they act like a tax increase .	Higher oil prices hurt the economy because they act like a tax increase .	comp_adj	2445
She said that message was filtering down to young people .	She said that message was filtering down to younger people .	comp_adj	2446
He has said he only wants great autonomy for Tibet .	He has said he only wants greater autonomy for Tibet .	comp_adj	2447
" Sometimes it is fast at night , " says Kate .	" Sometimes it is faster at night , " says Kate .	comp_adj	2448
Too many students think they do not deserve good treatment , she said .	Too many students think they do not deserve better treatment , she said .	comp_adj	2449
You have to decide which risk is bad for you .	You have to decide which risk is worse for you .	comp_adj	2450
• See the light ... long .	• See the light ... longer .	comp_adj	2451
Oil later retreated , however , falling amid concerns about slow economic growth .	Oil later retreated , however , falling amid concerns about slower economic growth .	comp_adj	2452
On the squishy side of things , what does a shoplifter look like ?	On the squishier side of things , what does a shoplifter look like ?	comp_adj	2453
Denver 's flub at the Packers ' 1 was bad .	Denver 's flub at the Packers ' 1 was worse .	comp_adj	2454
Would anyone care if you just gave me the big size ?	Would anyone care if you just gave me the bigger size ?	comp_adj	2455
Both have resulted in ongoing high maintenance costs .	Both have resulted in ongoing higher maintenance costs .	comp_adj	2456
I know I could run faster if I had a good diet .	I know I could run faster if I had a better diet .	comp_adj	2457
But there may be wide implications .	But there may be wider implications .	comp_adj	2458
But the loss of work was apparently bad .	But the loss of work was apparently worse .	comp_adj	2459
You can learn to become a good interviewee .	You can learn to become a better interviewee .	comp_adj	2460
When a car went by , it looked like a loud voice .	When a car went by , it looked like a louder voice .	comp_adj	2461
These increases were partially offset by low sales in our direct marketing business .	These increases were partially offset by lower sales in our direct marketing business .	comp_adj	2462
But CCP is betting that grown-ups will be looking for cheap toys .	But CCP is betting that grown-ups will be looking for cheaper toys .	comp_adj	2463
There have been light moments on the campaign trail , too .	There have been lighter moments on the campaign trail , too .	comp_adj	2464
So what 's the prescription for good men 's health ?	So what 's the prescription for better men 's health ?	comp_adj	2465
But staunch abortion opponents dismiss all the soft talk .	But staunch abortion opponents dismiss all the softer talk .	comp_adj	2466
If Gordon finishes 15th or bad , he cedes his friend the trophy .	If Gordon finishes 15th or worse , he cedes his friend the trophy .	comp_adj	2467
Now she is gaining a clear vision of where she wants to go .	Now she is gaining a clearer vision of where she wants to go .	comp_adj	2468
Other worries were language barriers and low standards of quality in some countries .	Other worries were language barriers and lower standards of quality in some countries .	comp_adj	2469
We need to look deep into that .	We need to look deeper into that .	comp_adj	2470
And bring cash , preferably small bills : 5s , 10s and 20s .	And bring cash , preferably smaller bills : 5s , 10s and 20s .	comp_adj	2471
The young Eaves has never held public office .	The younger Eaves has never held public office .	comp_adj	2472
The man was old , and slightly out of breath .	The man was older , and slightly out of breath .	comp_adj	2473
McCain said he has high standards for his campaign .	McCain said he has higher standards for his campaign .	comp_adj	2474
Kim Jong-il 's Last Card - New York Times Are they hard workers ?	Kim Jong-il 's Last Card - New York Times Are they harder workers ?	comp_adj	2475
AND you would be hard-pressed to find a cheap way to fly .	AND you would be hard-pressed to find a cheaper way to fly .	comp_adj	2476
Treasuries sold off as investors worried that cheap credit would stoke inflation .	Treasuries sold off as investors worried that cheaper credit would stoke inflation .	comp_adj	2477
It is a big canvas .	It is a bigger canvas .	comp_adj	2478
" Free " is a bit broad .	" Free " is a bit broader .	comp_adj	2479
He is plainly the candidate of fast change .	He is plainly the candidate of faster change .	comp_adj	2480
In China 's big cities children often start learning English in reception year .	In China 's bigger cities children often start learning English in reception year .	comp_adj	2481
She pouted first , her low lip jutting out and then quivering .	She pouted first , her lower lip jutting out and then quivering .	comp_adj	2482
-- Increased construction contributed to high sales volume in Europe .	-- Increased construction contributed to higher sales volume in Europe .	comp_adj	2483
during the cooking process and produces a chewy end result .	during the cooking process and produces a chewier end result .	comp_adj	2484
Great Manchester Police have now replaced all cell basin plugholes .	Greater Manchester Police have now replaced all cell basin plugholes .	comp_adj	2485
That might have been okay when we were in the low leagues .	That might have been okay when we were in the lower leagues .	comp_adj	2486
He plans to consolidate it into large operations .	He plans to consolidate it into larger operations .	comp_adj	2487
Broad stock indicators also fell sharply Friday .	Broader stock indicators also fell sharply Friday .	comp_adj	2488
Healthy drinks in vending machines after states banned high-calorie sodas Enter Nina Planck .	Healthier drinks in vending machines after states banned high-calorie sodas Enter Nina Planck .	comp_adj	2489
Major markets in Asia and Europe finished low on mounting credit fears .	Major markets in Asia and Europe finished lower on mounting credit fears .	comp_adj	2490
Ms Davie cites two examples of opt-in behaviour within the old churches .	Ms Davie cites two examples of opt-in behaviour within the older churches .	comp_adj	2491
But Taiwan gave great emphasis to its sovereignty .	But Taiwan gave greater emphasis to its sovereignty .	comp_adj	2492
His old son is 17 .	His older son is 17 .	comp_adj	2493
A strengthening dollar has also led to low oil prices , Shum said .	A strengthening dollar has also led to lower oil prices , Shum said .	comp_adj	2494
The all-new 2008 Chevrolet Malibu lacks such gimmicks yet seems quiet .	The all-new 2008 Chevrolet Malibu lacks such gimmicks yet seems quieter .	comp_adj	2495
The sales increase resulted from high selling prices .	The sales increase resulted from higher selling prices .	comp_adj	2496
But the new age laws have not just affected old people .	But the new age laws have not just affected older people .	comp_adj	2497
Another ambitious overview of a giant subject has happy results .	Another ambitious overview of a giant subject has happier results .	comp_adj	2498
His daughter sinks deep into herself like a sulking teenager .	His daughter sinks deeper into herself like a sulking teenager .	comp_adj	2499
American reporters , Mr. Howard said , are kind .	American reporters , Mr. Howard said , are kinder .	comp_adj	2500
Yet the taxes could go high .	Yet the taxes could go higher .	comp_adj	2501
Mr Targay says the defence facilities were easy to rebuild .	Mr Targay says the defence facilities were easier to rebuild .	comp_adj	2502
This increase was attributable to high manufacturing costs .	This increase was attributable to higher manufacturing costs .	comp_adj	2503
He once claimed to be acting in the high interests of civilisation .	He once claimed to be acting in the higher interests of civilisation .	comp_adj	2504
Iron helps hemoglobin deliver oxygen at great volumes .	Iron helps hemoglobin deliver oxygen at greater volumes .	comp_adj	2505
That said , old Americans are enjoying sex in large numbers .	That said , older Americans are enjoying sex in large numbers .	comp_adj	2506
Argentina could be digging itself a big hole to crawl out of .	Argentina could be digging itself a bigger hole to crawl out of .	comp_adj	2507
And Buy Nothing Day might be a sign of big things to come .	And Buy Nothing Day might be a sign of bigger things to come .	comp_adj	2508
Low interest rates reduce the attractiveness of the dollar to investors .	Lower interest rates reduce the attractiveness of the dollar to investors .	comp_adj	2509
Energy stocks were also down on weak oil prices .	Energy stocks were also down on weaker oil prices .	comp_adj	2510
Nonalcoholic beer was easy to find .	Nonalcoholic beer was easier to find .	comp_adj	2511
But the trend toward good security is indisputable .	But the trend toward better security is indisputable .	comp_adj	2512
She said bad offenders are still operating .	She said worse offenders are still operating .	comp_adj	2513
I do not think politics can bring a good situation .	I do not think politics can bring a better situation .	comp_adj	2514
At another were the messy , Beat-inspired assemblage artists led by Ed Kienholz .	At another were the messier , Beat-inspired assemblage artists led by Ed Kienholz .	comp_adj	2515
Obesity was defined as having a BMI of 30 or high .	Obesity was defined as having a BMI of 30 or higher .	comp_adj	2516
He is done Seattle and Texas , but longed for bright lights .	He is done Seattle and Texas , but longed for brighter lights .	comp_adj	2517
Low interest rates would make the dollar a less attractive investment .	Lower interest rates would make the dollar a less attractive investment .	comp_adj	2518
The measure had little effect on the far large Coalition Support Funds reimbursements .	The measure had little effect on the far larger Coalition Support Funds reimbursements .	comp_adj	2519
The interiors were tricky .	The interiors were trickier .	comp_adj	2520
I 'll see if there is a good way to end this sentence .	I 'll see if there is a better way to end this sentence .	comp_adj	2521
Pour into a blender and process on low , then high speed .	Pour into a blender and process on low , then higher speed .	comp_adj	2522
IRS officials suggest that people file electronically to get fast refunds .	IRS officials suggest that people file electronically to get faster refunds .	comp_adj	2523
But a piggyback mortgage is tough to find for people with less-than-stellar credit .	But a piggyback mortgage is tougher to find for people with less-than-stellar credit .	comp_adj	2524
Relief probably will not come in the form of large houses .	Relief probably will not come in the form of larger houses .	comp_adj	2525
The big problem with CFLs is their mercury content .	The bigger problem with CFLs is their mercury content .	comp_adj	2526
The Spec V is definitely big and more spacious than ever .	The Spec V is definitely bigger and more spacious than ever .	comp_adj	2527
But now , it is seeking high returns .	But now , it is seeking higher returns .	comp_adj	2528
Its mission is to mobilize residents and sectors for a strong San Francisco .	Its mission is to mobilize residents and sectors for a stronger San Francisco .	comp_adj	2529
Getting rid of the AMT will indeed make the tax code simple .	Getting rid of the AMT will indeed make the tax code simpler .	comp_adj	2530
North Korea The top brass demanded good training .	North Korea The top brass demanded better training .	comp_adj	2531
It will be a fight , but the good team should win .	It will be a fight , but the better team should win .	comp_adj	2532
I am planning to get some high culture this weekend , too .	I am planning to get some higher culture this weekend , too .	comp_adj	2533
You may want a home in Chelsea , but Enfield gives great options .	You may want a home in Chelsea , but Enfield gives greater options .	comp_adj	2534
This time , he may be onto something big , and more lasting .	This time , he may be onto something bigger , and more lasting .	comp_adj	2535
Guard Nate Robinson was especially grateful for the light atmosphere .	Guard Nate Robinson was especially grateful for the lighter atmosphere .	comp_adj	2536
Social networking via video games has never been easy , or more enjoyable .	Social networking via video games has never been easier , or more enjoyable .	comp_adj	2537
The politics of politics were easy to sort out .	The politics of politics were easier to sort out .	comp_adj	2538
Around them , however , are lively performances .	Around them , however , are livelier performances .	comp_adj	2539
But the city force now wants all officers to set a good example .	But the city force now wants all officers to set a better example .	comp_adj	2540
It is also cheap .	It is also cheaper .	comp_adj	2541
This tale seems grim .	This tale seems grimmer .	comp_adj	2542
August sales were revised low from an original tally of 5.50 million .	August sales were revised lower from an original tally of 5.50 million .	comp_adj	2543
But the old man invites audiences to notice his grey hairs .	But the older man invites audiences to notice his grey hairs .	comp_adj	2544
The specter of strict oversight has carriers spooked .	The specter of stricter oversight has carriers spooked .	comp_adj	2545
That could lead to a drop in gasoline supplies and high pump prices .	That could lead to a drop in gasoline supplies and higher pump prices .	comp_adj	2546
This year the growth rate is fast , and profits are up .	This year the growth rate is faster , and profits are up .	comp_adj	2547
That could explain the small declines in shares of those chains .	That could explain the smaller declines in shares of those chains .	comp_adj	2548
The Highlander ditches its Mommy-Steers-It look for a big , more masculine design .	The Highlander ditches its Mommy-Steers-It look for a bigger , more masculine design .	comp_adj	2549
In some ways , I felt like I had become a good person .	In some ways , I felt like I had become a better person .	comp_adj	2550
As a married couple , you 'll usually pay low auto insurance premiums .	As a married couple , you 'll usually pay lower auto insurance premiums .	comp_adj	2551
He also added some of the play 's good jokes .	He also added some of the play 's better jokes .	comp_adj	2552
That is why he is a good horse going in the other direction .	That is why he is a better horse going in the other direction .	comp_adj	2553
But gossip about a stranger lacks this great context .	But gossip about a stranger lacks this greater context .	comp_adj	2554
That is a bit tricky , to say the least .	That is a bit trickier , to say the least .	comp_adj	2555
Paying for prominent creative talent is a tricky business .	Paying for prominent creative talent is a trickier business .	comp_adj	2556
Friday will be bright , although still very cold .	Friday will be brighter , although still very cold .	comp_adj	2557
The rules allow universities and charities great latitude in providing the benefit .	The rules allow universities and charities greater latitude in providing the benefit .	comp_adj	2558
Other historians have been far harsh .	Other historians have been far harsher .	comp_adj	2559
It is bad when broken down into individual results .	It is worse when broken down into individual results .	comp_adj	2560
Storm debacle behind airline , it faces increasing competition , slow growth Haha !	Storm debacle behind airline , it faces increasing competition , slower growth Haha !	comp_adj	2561
Consumers are changing their behavior in response to high prices at the pump .	Consumers are changing their behavior in response to higher prices at the pump .	comp_adj	2562
The increase in revenue was driven primarily by high production .	The increase in revenue was driven primarily by higher production .	comp_adj	2563
Blue chips were broadly low Monday .	Blue chips were broadly lower Monday .	comp_adj	2564
It is unknown whether this finding applies to young postmenopausal women .	It is unknown whether this finding applies to younger postmenopausal women .	comp_adj	2565
The BBC is to reintroduce premium-rate phone-in competitions under strict guidelines .	The BBC is to reintroduce premium-rate phone-in competitions under stricter guidelines .	comp_adj	2566
Wide concern is how Kosovo 's future could affect the whole Balkans now .	Wider concern is how Kosovo 's future could affect the whole Balkans now .	comp_adj	2567
I think frontline people that know customers better can make good decisions .	I think frontline people that know customers better can make better decisions .	comp_adj	2568
She said William and their old brother , Andrew , were especially close .	She said William and their older brother , Andrew , were especially close .	comp_adj	2569
And then it was another 10 years before small cassette tapes took over .	And then it was another 10 years before smaller cassette tapes took over .	comp_adj	2570
He said he would push for good protection of the Chesapeake watershed .	He said he would push for better protection of the Chesapeake watershed .	comp_adj	2571
Large companies are already testing ads on small sites .	Large companies are already testing ads on smaller sites .	comp_adj	2572
It definitely could have been bad .	It definitely could have been worse .	comp_adj	2573
That is not to say the old Williams was not good , too .	That is not to say the older Williams was not good , too .	comp_adj	2574
SOURCE AmeriCredit Corp. We can all sleep safe .	SOURCE AmeriCredit Corp. We can all sleep safer .	comp_adj	2575
The developers hope the large , lower-priced lots will attract professional farming operations .	The developers hope the larger , lower-priced lots will attract professional farming operations .	comp_adj	2576
The men 's elite end was close .	The men 's elite end was closer .	comp_adj	2577
And now it is easy to talk .	And now it is easier to talk .	comp_adj	2578
That would make it all the easy for a primary challenger to Craig .	That would make it all the easier for a primary challenger to Craig .	comp_adj	2579
Australia , Canada and Britain all scored near the average .	Australia , Canada and Britain all scored nearer the average .	comp_adj	2580
Low HDL-borne cholesterol levels are known to increase the risk of heart disease .	Lower HDL-borne cholesterol levels are known to increase the risk of heart disease .	comp_adj	2581
That fall her old sister Yetunde was murdered .	That fall her older sister Yetunde was murdered .	comp_adj	2582
But that does not mean it is time to celebrate a full figure .	But that does not mean it is time to celebrate a fuller figure .	comp_adj	2583
Latin American indexes were led high by oil and mining companies .	Latin American indexes were led higher by oil and mining companies .	comp_adj	2584
He objected to benefit cuts or a high retirement age .	He objected to benefit cuts or a higher retirement age .	comp_adj	2585
A daughter drives her to the distant town of Ellsworth for cheap shopping .	A daughter drives her to the distant town of Ellsworth for cheaper shopping .	comp_adj	2586
Has money gotten dirty ?	Has money gotten dirtier ?	comp_adj	2587
But there are a lot of cases where there are long results .	But there are a lot of cases where there are longer results .	comp_adj	2588
And looked bad .	And looked worse .	comp_adj	2589
Critic : Poor students lose out ?	Critic : Poorer students lose out ?	comp_adj	2590
They can sing high and longer and louder .	They can sing higher and longer and louder .	comp_adj	2591
Low imports reflect sluggish economy The ANC could do well to listen .	Lower imports reflect sluggish economy The ANC could do well to listen .	comp_adj	2592
Her calling was high : first-degree murder and national security .	Her calling was higher : first-degree murder and national security .	comp_adj	2593
In the big towns , however , there may be hundreds .	In the bigger towns , however , there may be hundreds .	comp_adj	2594
Horses that usually graze in the field have been moved to safe ground .	Horses that usually graze in the field have been moved to safer ground .	comp_adj	2595
He promises low taxes and a " slimmed down " bureaucracy .	He promises lower taxes and a " slimmed down " bureaucracy .	comp_adj	2596
Like all affluent Parisians , Edward enjoys the fine things of life .	Like all affluent Parisians , Edward enjoys the finer things of life .	comp_adj	2597
The cards with the best rewards tend to have high rates .	The cards with the best rewards tend to have higher rates .	comp_adj	2598
But the tour soon revealed simple pleasures .	But the tour soon revealed simpler pleasures .	comp_adj	2599
Missing , however , were the small details .	Missing , however , were the smaller details .	comp_adj	2600
The median incomes of minorities are significantly high in Washington 's suburban counties .	The median incomes of minorities are significantly higher in Washington 's suburban counties .	comp_adj	2601
They would be sent to one of the rough areas around Casablanca .	They would be sent to one of the rougher areas around Casablanca .	comp_adj	2602
-- Tom Miles had a hard time .	-- Tom Miles had a harder time .	comp_adj	2603
Others believe the power of persuasion would create quick results .	Others believe the power of persuasion would create quicker results .	comp_adj	2604
" Good today , " Tyler agreed .	" Better today , " Tyler agreed .	comp_adj	2605
As a result , she says , she is healthy and more confident .	As a result , she says , she is healthier and more confident .	comp_adj	2606
Obviously the wide concern must be whether this was a one-off incident .	Obviously the wider concern must be whether this was a one-off incident .	comp_adj	2607
When he was a teenager , his old sister tracked him down again .	When he was a teenager , his older sister tracked him down again .	comp_adj	2608
Others just want a small bedroom adjoining the master suite .	Others just want a smaller bedroom adjoining the master suite .	comp_adj	2609
Agreement reached on holding talks with Nato on close relations .	Agreement reached on holding talks with Nato on closer relations .	comp_adj	2610
So earlier this week Microsoft added cheap Flash Zunes to its line .	So earlier this week Microsoft added cheaper Flash Zunes to its line .	comp_adj	2611
" We will not get a good chance , " he said .	" We will not get a better chance , " he said .	comp_adj	2612
Romney , by contrast , has wide support .	Romney , by contrast , has wider support .	comp_adj	2613
Intel cited high demand worldwide for its products for the upgrade .	Intel cited higher demand worldwide for its products for the upgrade .	comp_adj	2614
And there is bad to follow .	And there is worse to follow .	comp_adj	2615
The high projection sent its shares up 4 percent in premarket trading Thursday .	The higher projection sent its shares up 4 percent in premarket trading Thursday .	comp_adj	2616
But his aides said he felt sick as the day progressed .	But his aides said he felt sicker as the day progressed .	comp_adj	2617
There has got to be an easy way .	There has got to be an easier way .	comp_adj	2618
Flint is faring bad .	Flint is faring worse .	comp_adj	2619
" He is considerably good today , " Melvin said .	" He is considerably better today , " Melvin said .	comp_adj	2620
" " Our diplomacy needs to be strong and more effective .	" " Our diplomacy needs to be stronger and more effective .	comp_adj	2621
They 've even shown the light side of Clarence .	They 've even shown the lighter side of Clarence .	comp_adj	2622
What it does do is add a great poignancy to the final scene .	What it does do is add a greater poignancy to the final scene .	comp_adj	2623
Since popular culture looks edgy today , so will our kids .	Since popular culture looks edgier today , so will our kids .	comp_adj	2624
Mr. Tenet was to have been the other brief .	Mr. Tenet was to have been the other briefer .	comp_adj	2625
Harrison picks up the specifics , Barnes paints the big picture .	Harrison picks up the specifics , Barnes paints the bigger picture .	comp_adj	2626
Depression was also significantly associated with a long interval since diagnosis .	Depression was also significantly associated with a longer interval since diagnosis .	comp_adj	2627
Over the course of the year , we look for successively strong quarters .	Over the course of the year , we look for successively stronger quarters .	comp_adj	2628
The light end is tied to my four-year-old son Tom 's scooter .	The lighter end is tied to my four-year-old son Tom 's scooter .	comp_adj	2629
These risks include great sensitivity to general economic downturns .	These risks include greater sensitivity to general economic downturns .	comp_adj	2630
Must be 18 years or old to attend .	Must be 18 years or older to attend .	comp_adj	2631
Bad damage to my psyche was coming .	Worse damage to my psyche was coming .	comp_adj	2632
That would mean getting the Tar Heels deep in the NCAA tournament .	That would mean getting the Tar Heels deeper in the NCAA tournament .	comp_adj	2633
Raul Castro , 76 is serving as president while his old brother recovers .	Raul Castro , 76 is serving as president while his elder brother recovers .	comp_adj	2634
And it is a hit with young priests and their parishioners .	And it is a hit with younger priests and their parishioners .	comp_adj	2635
I would like to play something a bit light .	I would like to play something a bit lighter .	comp_adj	2636
Other potential Biggies preferred a loose approach .	Other potential Biggies preferred a looser approach .	comp_adj	2637
And if not , to what good use would you put that money ?	And if not , to what better use would you put that money ?	comp_adj	2638
Actual homeland security tests from 2005 showed the detection rate was far low .	Actual homeland security tests from 2005 showed the detection rate was far lower .	comp_adj	2639
A close examination of the box revealed spiders and their webs .	A closer examination of the box revealed spiders and their webs .	comp_adj	2640
Hard work , family and God were the old Prince 's core beliefs .	Hard work , family and God were the elder Prince 's core beliefs .	comp_adj	2641
The small model gets 30 and 5 hours .	The smaller model gets 30 and 5 hours .	comp_adj	2642
Countrywide and Bank of America say their fees are low in relative terms .	Countrywide and Bank of America say their fees are lower in relative terms .	comp_adj	2643
He estimates that average industry efficiency is close to 60 percent .	He estimates that average industry efficiency is closer to 60 percent .	comp_adj	2644
The big question is whether the aid will be effective .	The bigger question is whether the aid will be effective .	comp_adj	2645
" " What we are dealing with in society today is subtle .	" " What we are dealing with in society today is subtler .	comp_adj	2646
The whole industry is benefiting from low prices of materials and technology .	The whole industry is benefiting from lower prices of materials and technology .	comp_adj	2647
Something safe needs to be designed to operate the A-pillar searchlights .	Something safer needs to be designed to operate the A-pillar searchlights .	comp_adj	2648
Close Kevin Gregg earned his 29th save .	Closer Kevin Gregg earned his 29th save .	comp_adj	2649
I am in my 80s with a husband several years old .	I am in my 80s with a husband several years older .	comp_adj	2650
Because after that , there are big goals we want to accomplish .	Because after that , there are bigger goals we want to accomplish .	comp_adj	2651
Rates are high on peak season dates and for last-minute bookings .	Rates are higher on peak season dates and for last-minute bookings .	comp_adj	2652
It is a lot easy with the quarterback position .	It is a lot easier with the quarterback position .	comp_adj	2653
A ray of sunshine to lift all those dark neutrals .	A ray of sunshine to lift all those darker neutrals .	comp_adj	2654
California officials said their law was tough and acted faster .	California officials said their law was tougher and acted faster .	comp_adj	2655
Broad indexes also advanced .	Broader indexes also advanced .	comp_adj	2656
FirstGroup shares closed 10p high at 702p .	FirstGroup shares closed 10p higher at 702p .	comp_adj	2657
The U.S. jobs report prompted broad selling in markets overseas .	The U.S. jobs report prompted broader selling in markets overseas .	comp_adj	2658
You 'd find few good examples of the perfectly-pitched plea in mitigation .	You 'd find few better examples of the perfectly-pitched plea in mitigation .	comp_adj	2659
Everything is big .	Everything is bigger .	comp_adj	2660
Low official interest rates are almost certainly on the way .	Lower official interest rates are almost certainly on the way .	comp_adj	2661
Broad indicators also fell .	Broader indicators also fell .	comp_adj	2662
There is also a big section concentrating on home organization .	There is also a bigger section concentrating on home organization .	comp_adj	2663
Perhaps , though , there is a quick way to get fast action .	Perhaps , though , there is a quicker way to get fast action .	comp_adj	2664
I was quiet , not as confident .	I was quieter , not as confident .	comp_adj	2665
While the elderly population continues to grow , so does its young population .	While the elderly population continues to grow , so does its younger population .	comp_adj	2666
This same thing happened twice within two months this year , but bad .	This same thing happened twice within two months this year , but worse .	comp_adj	2667
Fuel and legal costs also contributed to the predictions of slow second-quarter growth .	Fuel and legal costs also contributed to the predictions of slower second-quarter growth .	comp_adj	2668
Edwards called for great accountability in hiring contractors .	Edwards called for greater accountability in hiring contractors .	comp_adj	2669
Yet deep significance eludes .	Yet deeper significance eludes .	comp_adj	2670
Mr. Hebberoy is taking a simple approach to financing these days .	Mr. Hebberoy is taking a simpler approach to financing these days .	comp_adj	2671
By last night , Wilpon the young had reverted to silent mode .	By last night , Wilpon the younger had reverted to silent mode .	comp_adj	2672
But these latecomers may have to accept low valuations , he said .	But these latecomers may have to accept lower valuations , he said .	comp_adj	2673
Bridge loans also tend to allow a low loan-to-value ratio .	Bridge loans also tend to allow a lower loan-to-value ratio .	comp_adj	2674
He was told that the old ones were refusing to go to school .	He was told that the older ones were refusing to go to school .	comp_adj	2675
We are nowhere near that yet but are getting good week on week .	We are nowhere near that yet but are getting better week on week .	comp_adj	2676
Perhaps it is healthy our way .	Perhaps it is healthier our way .	comp_adj	2677
Are the beverage manufacturers targeting the young audience ?	Are the beverage manufacturers targeting the younger audience ?	comp_adj	2678
The best educated seem keen to go almost anywhere but the European Union .	The best educated seem keener to go almost anywhere but the European Union .	comp_adj	2679
It was a little quality .	It was a lesser quality .	comp_adj	2680
There is nobody that works harder and achieves good results !	There is nobody that works harder and achieves better results !	comp_adj	2681
It is time to put off those negative mind-sets and rise high .	It is time to put off those negative mind-sets and rise higher .	comp_adj	2682
Overseas markets mostly moved high .	Overseas markets mostly moved higher .	comp_adj	2683
Only 15 percent claimed they switched to get good treatment .	Only 15 percent claimed they switched to get better treatment .	comp_adj	2684
We want to buy a big villa and move out there .	We want to buy a bigger villa and move out there .	comp_adj	2685
I am at a loss for good pronouns .	I am at a loss for better pronouns .	comp_adj	2686
The need for healthy eating is as great as ever .	The need for healthier eating is as great as ever .	comp_adj	2687
Groups representing big firms cautiously welcomed it .	Groups representing bigger firms cautiously welcomed it .	comp_adj	2688
Diminishing signal bars on a wireless data connection mean a slow connection .	Diminishing signal bars on a wireless data connection mean a slower connection .	comp_adj	2689
Some observers had expected a large write-down .	Some observers had expected a larger write-down .	comp_adj	2690
Easy voter registration and outreach have helped as well , she said .	Easier voter registration and outreach have helped as well , she said .	comp_adj	2691
One part of the park was evacuated to allow firefighters good access .	One part of the park was evacuated to allow firefighters better access .	comp_adj	2692
This one could be bad .	This one could be worse .	comp_adj	2693
He is keen on building a functioning state than building a democracy .	He is keener on building a functioning state than building a democracy .	comp_adj	2694
Year over year results will be strong for the third quarter of 2007 .	Year over year results will be stronger for the third quarter of 2007 .	comp_adj	2695
But we can get good health care going this way .	But we can get better health care going this way .	comp_adj	2696
The small gallery closed within a year after the town house opened .	The smaller gallery closed within a year after the town house opened .	comp_adj	2697
Inside , the Vantage features the hand-crafted style of pricey Aston Martins .	Inside , the Vantage features the hand-crafted style of pricier Aston Martins .	comp_adj	2698
And my young sister , Tessa , got a massive Saint Theresa .	And my younger sister , Tessa , got a massive Saint Theresa .	comp_adj	2699
Restaurant operators also reported strong customer traffic levels in August .	Restaurant operators also reported stronger customer traffic levels in August .	comp_adj	2700
In adults , a BMI of 30 or high is considered obese .	In adults , a BMI of 30 or higher is considered obese .	comp_adj	2701
But the court would be poor without him .	But the court would be poorer without him .	comp_adj	2702
Yamaha 's IntelliBeam autosetup and calibration system could not be easy to use .	Yamaha 's IntelliBeam autosetup and calibration system could not be easier to use .	comp_adj	2703
GROUPS -- As usual , the CCI is high in better-off groups .	GROUPS -- As usual , the CCI is higher in better-off groups .	comp_adj	2704
But they have found smooth ways to get the point across .	But they have found smoother ways to get the point across .	comp_adj	2705
The grass is not green in Lamu , Camp 's Bay or Bondi .	The grass is not greener in Lamu , Camp 's Bay or Bondi .	comp_adj	2706
That means that it should be easy to make money .	That means that it should be easier to make money .	comp_adj	2707
But the etchings help forge a broad philosophical argument .	But the etchings help forge a broader philosophical argument .	comp_adj	2708
Ask them what they do for high ed ; they fund it .	Ask them what they do for higher ed ; they fund it .	comp_adj	2709
But a second tier of new antibody players is also emerging .	But a second tier of newer antibody players is also emerging .	comp_adj	2710
And her young brother is called Bank , because it fit the theme .	And her younger brother is called Bank , because it fit the theme .	comp_adj	2711
I liked the music best when it was gritty , modern and astringent .	I liked the music best when it was grittier , modern and astringent .	comp_adj	2712
The company also cast the small roles well .	The company also cast the smaller roles well .	comp_adj	2713
The draft mixes grand symbolic gestures with small , concrete measures .	The draft mixes grand symbolic gestures with smaller , concrete measures .	comp_adj	2714
Polymers might make gene therapy safe CAMBRIDGE , Mass .	Polymers might make gene therapy safer CAMBRIDGE , Mass .	comp_adj	2715
Look for cool temperatures and occasional showers through Friday .	Look for cooler temperatures and occasional showers through Friday .	comp_adj	2716
Dropping weight produces light version of same person .	Dropping weight produces lighter version of same person .	comp_adj	2717
Then there are the big changes , wrought by literally living with history .	Then there are the bigger changes , wrought by literally living with history .	comp_adj	2718
Kanye West did not look cool by wearing his sunglasses indoors .	Kanye West did not look cooler by wearing his sunglasses indoors .	comp_adj	2719
It was easy to become wealthy in the past than it is now .	It was easier to become wealthy in the past than it is now .	comp_adj	2720
Some sports are hard to police than others .	Some sports are harder to police than others .	comp_adj	2721
They could make a big difference back home , he said .	They could make a bigger difference back home , he said .	comp_adj	2722
On the unraveling of that liberal consensus he is weak .	On the unraveling of that liberal consensus he is weaker .	comp_adj	2723
Redrow became the latest housebuilder to warn of tough times ahead .	Redrow became the latest housebuilder to warn of tougher times ahead .	comp_adj	2724
Nancy was thirty-nine but looked young .	Nancy was thirty-nine but looked younger .	comp_adj	2725
Secondly , equities have been helped by a friendly interest-rate environment .	Secondly , equities have been helped by a friendlier interest-rate environment .	comp_adj	2726
There is not a lot of young people who are reading Reich .	There is not a lot of younger people who are reading Reich .	comp_adj	2727
What could be easy ?	What could be easier ?	comp_adj	2728
But new realities were just as important .	But newer realities were just as important .	comp_adj	2729
A system designed for a small house had accidentally been installed .	A system designed for a smaller house had accidentally been installed .	comp_adj	2730
In other instances , old residents might receive support through nonprofit groups .	In other instances , older residents might receive support through nonprofit groups .	comp_adj	2731
A tough decision will be whether to sell Time Inc .	A tougher decision will be whether to sell Time Inc .	comp_adj	2732
Kim the young is instead often depicted by the blood-red Kimjongilia begonia .	Kim the younger is instead often depicted by the blood-red Kimjongilia begonia .	comp_adj	2733
Heating oil customers could be facing high bills this winter .	Heating oil customers could be facing higher bills this winter .	comp_adj	2734
As environmentalists often note , a hot planet means rising sea levels .	As environmentalists often note , a hotter planet means rising sea levels .	comp_adj	2735
Evidence that people were wealthy was everywhere .	Evidence that people were wealthier was everywhere .	comp_adj	2736
You 're gonna need a big boat !	You 're gonna need a bigger boat !	comp_adj	2737
But the differences run deep , analysts and European officials said .	But the differences run deeper , analysts and European officials said .	comp_adj	2738
If anything , that pressure has gotten bad .	If anything , that pressure has gotten worse .	comp_adj	2739
, who would go on to big things .	, who would go on to bigger things .	comp_adj	2740
" They are the old generation , " she points out .	" They are the older generation , " she points out .	comp_adj	2741
Just being big is not enough anymore .	Just being bigger is not enough anymore .	comp_adj	2742
In theory , the Jets should be a good team .	In theory , the Jets should be a better team .	comp_adj	2743
Horatio Nelson Jackson must have had it rough .	Horatio Nelson Jackson must have had it rougher .	comp_adj	2744
But they 'll make us take bad players .	But they 'll make us take worse players .	comp_adj	2745
Tough for OPEC to exert control Doing that has never been easy .	Tougher for OPEC to exert control Doing that has never been easy .	comp_adj	2746
Currie 's Ally Donaldson was , understandably , the happy coach .	Currie 's Ally Donaldson was , understandably , the happier coach .	comp_adj	2747
His large donations flowed from major shareholders in Home Bancshares Inc .	His larger donations flowed from major shareholders in Home Bancshares Inc .	comp_adj	2748
Old shoppers , however , have some different views .	Older shoppers , however , have some different views .	comp_adj	2749
Cool weather had helped the emergency efforts , fire officials said .	Cooler weather had helped the emergency efforts , fire officials said .	comp_adj	2750
Take the high rate , but keep your acquisition costs low .	Take the higher rate , but keep your acquisition costs low .	comp_adj	2751
DENVER - The Denver Broncos may never have called a smart timeout .	DENVER - The Denver Broncos may never have called a smarter timeout .	comp_adj	2752
Jodrey was busy in March .	Jodrey was busier in March .	comp_adj	2753
When I was young this was a real problem because she talks fast .	When I was younger this was a real problem because she talks fast .	comp_adj	2754
Investors were pleased with a high financial forecast .	Investors were pleased with a higher financial forecast .	comp_adj	2755
But one disk was dark and a more likely cockroach hangout .	But one disk was darker and a more likely cockroach hangout .	comp_adj	2756
It had top sustained winds near 65 mph , with strong gusts .	It had top sustained winds near 65 mph , with stronger gusts .	comp_adj	2757
It is about the broad power of the state .	It is about the broader power of the state .	comp_adj	2758
Treatment may require strong antibiotics , like vancomycin , which is administered intravenously .	Treatment may require stronger antibiotics , like vancomycin , which is administered intravenously .	comp_adj	2759
You need to develop great discernment into what people are doing and why .	You need to develop greater discernment into what people are doing and why .	comp_adj	2760
What is bad is to talk when your head is empty .	What is worse is to talk when your head is empty .	comp_adj	2761
A good plan : Pack a picnic lunch from the ship .	A better plan : Pack a picnic lunch from the ship .	comp_adj	2762
But campaigners for rape victims said the sanctions should have been harsh .	But campaigners for rape victims said the sanctions should have been harsher .	comp_adj	2763
A revved-up economy and healthy rupee have augmented India 's buying power .	A revved-up economy and healthier rupee have augmented India 's buying power .	comp_adj	2764
Then , if you are lucky , you beat all those young women .	Then , if you are lucky , you beat all those younger women .	comp_adj	2765
Small districts may find the Montana Edition sufficient to meet their needs .	Smaller districts may find the Montana Edition sufficient to meet their needs .	comp_adj	2766
, outside of Philadelphia , have obesity rates of 43 percent or high .	, outside of Philadelphia , have obesity rates of 43 percent or higher .	comp_adj	2767
No-one would be any the wise if he kept quiet .	No-one would be any the wiser if he kept quiet .	comp_adj	2768
" It is a simple plan , " Sperling said .	" It is a simpler plan , " Sperling said .	comp_adj	2769
As the first institution of high education in Iowa to introduce Connect !	As the first institution of higher education in Iowa to introduce Connect !	comp_adj	2770
We were outclassed by a good team , a special team .	We were outclassed by a better team , a special team .	comp_adj	2771
And who is to say who has made the good life ?	And who is to say who has made the better life ?	comp_adj	2772
Low property and local business taxes are a start .	Lower property and local business taxes are a start .	comp_adj	2773
S & N 's shares closed yesterday 10.5p low at 615p .	S & N 's shares closed yesterday 10.5p lower at 615p .	comp_adj	2774
Some people also find it tasty .	Some people also find it tastier .	comp_adj	2775
Ask for a good view .	Ask for a better view .	comp_adj	2776
Doctors say she could develop kidney or liver problems as she grows old .	Doctors say she could develop kidney or liver problems as she grows older .	comp_adj	2777
But , she added , a big problem was money from Iran .	But , she added , a bigger problem was money from Iran .	comp_adj	2778
Clients do not dock anymore , especially those with big yachts .	Clients do not dock anymore , especially those with bigger yachts .	comp_adj	2779
I am not sure which is scarey .	I am not sure which is scarier .	comp_adj	2780
What good way to cultivate allegiance than to make entry an aversive experience ?	What better way to cultivate allegiance than to make entry an aversive experience ?	comp_adj	2781
But , hey , it could be bad .	But , hey , it could be worse .	comp_adj	2782
And I am afraid there is bad to come .	And I am afraid there is worse to come .	comp_adj	2783
Broad stock indicators fell .	Broader stock indicators fell .	comp_adj	2784
Computers allow musicians to produce a broad range of sounds .	Computers allow musicians to produce a broader range of sounds .	comp_adj	2785
" True " was a good word .	" True " was a better word .	comp_adj	2786
It is distinctly cool and a light drizzle has set in .	It is distinctly cooler and a light drizzle has set in .	comp_adj	2787
The small Shenzhen Composite Index fell 0.7 percent to 725.82 .	The smaller Shenzhen Composite Index fell 0.7 percent to 725.82 .	comp_adj	2788
They also report the possibility of deep primary sulphide resources .	They also report the possibility of deeper primary sulphide resources .	comp_adj	2789
They are aimed at an old audience - the 18-34-year-old crowd .	They are aimed at an older audience - the 18-34-year-old crowd .	comp_adj	2790
In particular , there were high imports from Norway , mostly of oil .	In particular , there were higher imports from Norway , mostly of oil .	comp_adj	2791
Rather , it goes broad .	Rather , it goes broader .	comp_adj	2792
Before leaving , they stole a cigarette light .	Before leaving , they stole a cigarette lighter .	comp_adj	2793
KZ also says this screamer has good suspension components and brakes .	KZ also says this screamer has better suspension components and brakes .	comp_adj	2794
Will it make them good players ?	Will it make them better players ?	comp_adj	2795
The Fed has merely applied a temporary band aid to a big problem .	The Fed has merely applied a temporary band aid to a bigger problem .	comp_adj	2796
Oh , other teams have gone 2-13 -- and bad .	Oh , other teams have gone 2-13 -- and worse .	comp_adj	2797
" " We were the good team tonight and that is it .	" " We were the better team tonight and that is it .	comp_adj	2798
Sure , it is hard to get approved for a mortgage these days .	Sure , it is harder to get approved for a mortgage these days .	comp_adj	2799
With Sharpley the Irish have a good shot at stretching the field .	With Sharpley the Irish have a better shot at stretching the field .	comp_adj	2800
" I am confident DHS can do good faster , " Walker said .	" I am confident DHS can do better faster , " Walker said .	comp_adj	2801
The tough sentence was handed down after an appeal .	The tougher sentence was handed down after an appeal .	comp_adj	2802
So proceed with care on old shades , or consider buying new ones .	So proceed with care on older shades , or consider buying new ones .	comp_adj	2803
The longer you hold the asset the low the rate .	The longer you hold the asset the lower the rate .	comp_adj	2804
We thought it was going to be easy for the customer to understand .	We thought it was going to be easier for the customer to understand .	comp_adj	2805
She lost weight , dressed differently , looked sexy .	She lost weight , dressed differently , looked sexier .	comp_adj	2806
I , for one , would have low blood pressure .	I , for one , would have lower blood pressure .	comp_adj	2807
It is a link back to a simple , more optimistic time .	It is a link back to a simpler , more optimistic time .	comp_adj	2808
Even the dental clinics have fly guys .	Even the dental clinics have flier guys .	comp_adj	2809
Interstate is expected to stay involved with JGR in a small role .	Interstate is expected to stay involved with JGR in a smaller role .	comp_adj	2810
Intel cited high demand for its microprocessors worldwide for the upgraded forecast .	Intel cited higher demand for its microprocessors worldwide for the upgraded forecast .	comp_adj	2811
... But he suggested that high taxes and tolls were a possibility .	... But he suggested that higher taxes and tolls were a possibility .	comp_adj	2812
" " When you are circumcised , the hormones are low .	" " When you are circumcised , the hormones are lower .	comp_adj	2813
Next year , of course , will be bad .	Next year , of course , will be worse .	comp_adj	2814
The Dutch side is the busy .	The Dutch side is the busier .	comp_adj	2815
Old children were bitten more often by dogs with territorial behavior .	Older children were bitten more often by dogs with territorial behavior .	comp_adj	2816
It is pretty much Reagan-era stuff , only funny .	It is pretty much Reagan-era stuff , only funnier .	comp_adj	2817
She called for regulations mandating that bank customers be given clear information .	She called for regulations mandating that bank customers be given clearer information .	comp_adj	2818
But her young brother Jeffrey , 7 , was not as enthusiastic .	But her younger brother Jeffrey , 7 , was not as enthusiastic .	comp_adj	2819
People are more open about it and they feel more confident , clean .	People are more open about it and they feel more confident , cleaner .	comp_adj	2820
Mr Brown 's move has expeditiously forced him on to hard turf .	Mr Brown 's move has expeditiously forced him on to harder turf .	comp_adj	2821
If you eat meat , choose lean cuts .	If you eat meat , choose leaner cuts .	comp_adj	2822
" " This move could not have come at a bad time .	" " This move could not have come at a worse time .	comp_adj	2823
Brown threatens tough sanctions It is an easy , cushy profession .	Brown threatens tougher sanctions It is an easy , cushy profession .	comp_adj	2824
Giuliani also advocated a permanent child tax credit and low marginal tax rates .	Giuliani also advocated a permanent child tax credit and lower marginal tax rates .	comp_adj	2825
She added that she hoped consultations would now be close .	She added that she hoped consultations would now be closer .	comp_adj	2826
At least my prospects for nimble fingers in old age were looking bright .	At least my prospects for nimble fingers in old age were looking brighter .	comp_adj	2827
How he would fare was of great uncertainty .	How he would fare was of greater uncertainty .	comp_adj	2828
, offer broad services but are nonprofit .	, offer broader services but are nonprofit .	comp_adj	2829
Too bad Nalbandian is not here to make him and everyone else edgy .	Too bad Nalbandian is not here to make him and everyone else edgier .	comp_adj	2830
DRIVING has never been safe .	DRIVING has never been safer .	comp_adj	2831
It is hard for Darby , who had a solid middle-class childhood .	It is harder for Darby , who had a solid middle-class childhood .	comp_adj	2832
But other old people were having a rough time , he said .	But other older people were having a rough time , he said .	comp_adj	2833
Could it have been a big win for the consumers ?	Could it have been a bigger win for the consumers ?	comp_adj	2834
Soon Brooke began thinking grand possibilities .	Soon Brooke began thinking grander possibilities .	comp_adj	2835
-- Increased mine production and high metals prices contributed to volume growth .	-- Increased mine production and higher metals prices contributed to volume growth .	comp_adj	2836
Good Holyfield loses and sticks to fighting insurance salesmen in the ring .	Better Holyfield loses and sticks to fighting insurance salesmen in the ring .	comp_adj	2837
I know my experience is considerably deep and more relevant .	I know my experience is considerably deeper and more relevant .	comp_adj	2838
Ms. Hall , 26 , is about to find a wide audience .	Ms. Hall , 26 , is about to find a wider audience .	comp_adj	2839
Watch as its old rivals start copying its perks .	Watch as its older rivals start copying its perks .	comp_adj	2840
Park Life The political implications may be far great .	Park Life The political implications may be far greater .	comp_adj	2841
Such denial may reveal a wide problem .	Such denial may reveal a wider problem .	comp_adj	2842
And Chauhan , Sharma notes , has his murky side .	And Chauhan , Sharma notes , has his murkier side .	comp_adj	2843
There is always a good option .	There is always a better option .	comp_adj	2844
The thefts are being driven by large forces internationally .	The thefts are being driven by larger forces internationally .	comp_adj	2845
Mark to muddle may be close to reality .	Mark to muddle may be closer to reality .	comp_adj	2846
The first human displacement was for a small dam project in the 1980s .	The first human displacement was for a smaller dam project in the 1980s .	comp_adj	2847
Even in the large villages , the children lacked shoes .	Even in the larger villages , the children lacked shoes .	comp_adj	2848
Will their life be long , or will it just feel longer ?	Will their life be longer , or will it just feel longer ?	comp_adj	2849
Leonard said her natural instinct had temporarily surpassed her good judgment .	Leonard said her natural instinct had temporarily surpassed her better judgment .	comp_adj	2850
Related applications include strong containment surrounds for the fan blades of jet engines .	Related applications include stronger containment surrounds for the fan blades of jet engines .	comp_adj	2851
1972 - New constitution provides for a great autonomy .	1972 - New constitution provides for a greater autonomy .	comp_adj	2852
The number could be high if there were passengers in those vehicles .	The number could be higher if there were passengers in those vehicles .	comp_adj	2853
It is mollycoddling to the nth degree , especially for the young lads .	It is mollycoddling to the nth degree , especially for the younger lads .	comp_adj	2854
The stock was later 8.5p low at 881p .	The stock was later 8.5p lower at 881p .	comp_adj	2855
This is when you wear cheap opaques .	This is when you wear cheaper opaques .	comp_adj	2856
The Patriots are hot .	The Patriots are hotter .	comp_adj	2857
Broad stock indicators also came off their lows .	Broader stock indicators also came off their lows .	comp_adj	2858
Who could wish for a good epitaph ?	Who could wish for a better epitaph ?	comp_adj	2859
FEMA has also stumbled in small ways .	FEMA has also stumbled in smaller ways .	comp_adj	2860
The Daily Mail though reports the figure could be close to two million .	The Daily Mail though reports the figure could be closer to two million .	comp_adj	2861
Getting to " very happy " is like climbing an ever steep mountain .	Getting to " very happy " is like climbing an ever steeper mountain .	comp_adj	2862
In July , the agency began replacing its old bike racks .	In July , the agency began replacing its older bike racks .	comp_adj	2863
And you 'll help your doc do a good job , too .	And you 'll help your doc do a better job , too .	comp_adj	2864
Chavez said , calling the euro a good option .	Chavez said , calling the euro a better option .	comp_adj	2865
In return , the motorist would get a low premium .	In return , the motorist would get a lower premium .	comp_adj	2866
But , he said , he would not oppose a strict standard .	But , he said , he would not oppose a stricter standard .	comp_adj	2867
It is cheap , and it spreads information more quickly .	It is cheaper , and it spreads information more quickly .	comp_adj	2868
And it is easy to fit multiple people .	And it is easier to fit multiple people .	comp_adj	2869
She now hunts for good bargains on eBay .	She now hunts for better bargains on eBay .	comp_adj	2870
Pursue a low rate if necessary .	Pursue a lower rate if necessary .	comp_adj	2871
BT urges the pharmaceutical industry to adapt and build close links with patients .	BT urges the pharmaceutical industry to adapt and build closer links with patients .	comp_adj	2872
On the talk show sofa , small details become emblematic of something large .	On the talk show sofa , small details become emblematic of something larger .	comp_adj	2873
Filling the car with cool fuel can give a car an advantage .	Filling the car with cooler fuel can give a car an advantage .	comp_adj	2874
Shares in S & N closed 8p low at 762.5p last night .	Shares in S & N closed 8p lower at 762.5p last night .	comp_adj	2875
There was good news about inflation contained in the Commerce Department 's report .	There was better news about inflation contained in the Commerce Department 's report .	comp_adj	2876
The zeal to fight fraud should not push people deep into hunger .	The zeal to fight fraud should not push people deeper into hunger .	comp_adj	2877
So how do you ensure that you are one of the good landlords ?	So how do you ensure that you are one of the better landlords ?	comp_adj	2878
He called for great international engagement to combat the trend .	He called for greater international engagement to combat the trend .	comp_adj	2879
I transferred to an auto-rickshaw in order to go deep in .	I transferred to an auto-rickshaw in order to go deeper in .	comp_adj	2880
07 edged low by 0 .	07 edged lower by 0 .	comp_adj	2881
Cornwell sees a strong connection .	Cornwell sees a stronger connection .	comp_adj	2882
The dollar was weak overseas .	The dollar was weaker overseas .	comp_adj	2883
It is very peaceful and you are close to nature .	It is very peaceful and you are closer to nature .	comp_adj	2884
The young was the most seriously wounded , authorities said .	The younger was the most seriously wounded , authorities said .	comp_adj	2885
The Vatican would like to promote great religious freedom in China .	The Vatican would like to promote greater religious freedom in China .	comp_adj	2886
Mr. Deutsch : But that is even a scarey thought .	Mr. Deutsch : But that is even a scarier thought .	comp_adj	2887
But Mr. Schwartz is also trying to bring new music to this environment .	But Mr. Schwartz is also trying to bring newer music to this environment .	comp_adj	2888
Most black students arrive by bus , while the wealthy white students drive .	Most black students arrive by bus , while the wealthier white students drive .	comp_adj	2889
We have heard that condos are hard to resell than houses .	We have heard that condos are harder to resell than houses .	comp_adj	2890
He is strong and has a great touch around the basket .	He is stronger and has a great touch around the basket .	comp_adj	2891
He was almost strange to me .	He was almost stranger to me .	comp_adj	2892
Ms. Bychkova proposed a harsh fate .	Ms. Bychkova proposed a harsher fate .	comp_adj	2893
Yesterday was quiet .	Yesterday was quieter .	comp_adj	2894
It remains easy for politicians to rally around the cuddly or wrinkly .	It remains easier for politicians to rally around the cuddly or wrinkly .	comp_adj	2895
The BBC will be physically small .	The BBC will be physically smaller .	comp_adj	2896
He is 14 but looks young , perhaps 12 .	He is 14 but looks younger , perhaps 12 .	comp_adj	2897
Another says the likely figure is 98 % .	Another says the likelier figure is 98 % .	comp_adj	2898
The smoke is a little bit thick and that kind of thing .	The smoke is a little bit thicker and that kind of thing .	comp_adj	2899
" " It is never been easy to be a procrastinator .	" " It is never been easier to be a procrastinator .	comp_adj	2900
Global climate change and damage to wetlands also put homes in great peril .	Global climate change and damage to wetlands also put homes in greater peril .	comp_adj	2901
In fact , there is probably nobody smooth in that department .	In fact , there is probably nobody smoother in that department .	comp_adj	2902
For the vast majority of us , however , life can be simple .	For the vast majority of us , however , life can be simpler .	comp_adj	2903
But the great juxtaposition will be of institution and art .	But the greater juxtaposition will be of institution and art .	comp_adj	2904
A low court had acquitted SAS Norge .	A lower court had acquitted SAS Norge .	comp_adj	2905
High interbank financing costs will eat into margins and reduce lending growth .	Higher interbank financing costs will eat into margins and reduce lending growth .	comp_adj	2906
Further sharp drops were expected as the sector struggled with wide macro-economic uncertainties .	Further sharp drops were expected as the sector struggled with wider macro-economic uncertainties .	comp_adj	2907
Underneath , we simply fitted good brakes , lowered suspension and slick tyres .	Underneath , we simply fitted better brakes , lowered suspension and slick tyres .	comp_adj	2908
The move is part of wide Commons ' timetable changes .	The move is part of wider Commons ' timetable changes .	comp_adj	2909
They are fully developed , hard to fool and capable of taking lives .	They are fully developed , harder to fool and capable of taking lives .	comp_adj	2910
Similarly , China has shown no sign of giving Tibet great autonomy .	Similarly , China has shown no sign of giving Tibet greater autonomy .	comp_adj	2911
After a couple of minutes there was another , big one .	After a couple of minutes there was another , bigger one .	comp_adj	2912
High commodity costs have led Kellogg Co .	Higher commodity costs have led Kellogg Co .	comp_adj	2913
" " So I think I am lucky .	" " So I think I am luckier .	comp_adj	2914
Most of these deaths occur in people 65 years of age and old .	Most of these deaths occur in people 65 years of age and older .	comp_adj	2915
Look for large sites with plenty of listings .	Look for larger sites with plenty of listings .	comp_adj	2916
Could be bad .	Could be worse .	comp_adj	2917
In other countries , there is great latitude .	In other countries , there is greater latitude .	comp_adj	2918
None of the bloody sentences has been carried out .	None of the bloodier sentences has been carried out .	comp_adj	2919
Changes in technology have produced warm , more incandescent-looking metal halide fixtures .	Changes in technology have produced warmer , more incandescent-looking metal halide fixtures .	comp_adj	2920
Industrial metals moved high on the London Metal Exchange .	Industrial metals moved higher on the London Metal Exchange .	comp_adj	2921
This may reflect rising drug consumption in wealthy areas of the country .	This may reflect rising drug consumption in wealthier areas of the country .	comp_adj	2922
TRENTON , Oct. 16 - New Jersey voters are feeling stingy this year .	TRENTON , Oct. 16 - New Jersey voters are feeling stingier this year .	comp_adj	2923
In Europe they travel a lot light .	In Europe they travel a lot lighter .	comp_adj	2924
A restoration of habeas corpus rights might have a good chance .	A restoration of habeas corpus rights might have a better chance .	comp_adj	2925
We just need good funding .	We just need better funding .	comp_adj	2926
EVERY man has his price ; a minister 's is just high .	EVERY man has his price ; a minister 's is just higher .	comp_adj	2927
Sharp opinions were expressed over whether Petraeus is telling the truth .	Sharper opinions were expressed over whether Petraeus is telling the truth .	comp_adj	2928
Tournament director Paul McNamee said Molik was hoping for good things in Perth .	Tournament director Paul McNamee said Molik was hoping for better things in Perth .	comp_adj	2929
Some residents are uncomfortable with small liberties that the show is taking .	Some residents are uncomfortable with smaller liberties that the show is taking .	comp_adj	2930
A good answer lies in transatlantic philosophical differences .	A better answer lies in transatlantic philosophical differences .	comp_adj	2931
However , cool temperatures are expected to aid firefighters .	However , cooler temperatures are expected to aid firefighters .	comp_adj	2932
My old sister 's eyes are all puffy and red in the photo .	My older sister 's eyes are all puffy and red in the photo .	comp_adj	2933
I am not convinced it was necessarily safe .	I am not convinced it was necessarily safer .	comp_adj	2934
A softening job market eventually will probably mean slow wage growth .	A softening job market eventually will probably mean slower wage growth .	comp_adj	2935
I do not understand why the West is not harsh with Musharraf .	I do not understand why the West is not harsher with Musharraf .	comp_adj	2936
Trick-or-treating is intended for young kids .	Trick-or-treating is intended for younger kids .	comp_adj	2937
... I want simple taxes too .	... I want simpler taxes too .	comp_adj	2938
When you are married , it is hard to walk away from problems .	When you are married , it is harder to walk away from problems .	comp_adj	2939
Other tallies differ and some have given high civilian death tolls .	Other tallies differ and some have given higher civilian death tolls .	comp_adj	2940
I want low taxes .	I want lower taxes .	comp_adj	2941
So they are more integrated into the wide society , and more influential .	So they are more integrated into the wider society , and more influential .	comp_adj	2942
Indiana University appears to have one of the strict policies .	Indiana University appears to have one of the stricter policies .	comp_adj	2943
The calm intervals appear to last 1,500 to 2,000 years , they said .	The calmer intervals appear to last 1,500 to 2,000 years , they said .	comp_adj	2944
" " I want them to have a good life .	" " I want them to have a better life .	comp_adj	2945
Everybody leans in for a close view .	Everybody leans in for a closer view .	comp_adj	2946
Other Business Results I found one of the young faces in the crowd .	Other Business Results I found one of the younger faces in the crowd .	comp_adj	2947
Build a small reservoir on Crooked Creek .	Build a smaller reservoir on Crooked Creek .	comp_adj	2948
And many people are going through the same or bad .	And many people are going through the same or worse .	comp_adj	2949
Merchants recalled Mitch as they packed up belongings and hustled to high ground .	Merchants recalled Mitch as they packed up belongings and hustled to higher ground .	comp_adj	2950
The return to great thrift may already be happening .	The return to greater thrift may already be happening .	comp_adj	2951
In the long term , it hopes to offer the technique more widely .	In the longer term , it hopes to offer the technique more widely .	comp_adj	2952
The winner was close Al Reyes ( 2-2 ) .	The winner was closer Al Reyes ( 2-2 ) .	comp_adj	2953
The boyfriend looked a small version of Oscar Wilde .	The boyfriend looked a smaller version of Oscar Wilde .	comp_adj	2954
When scheduling problems halted his acupuncture treatment Captain grew bad , she said .	When scheduling problems halted his acupuncture treatment Captain grew worse , she said .	comp_adj	2955
Today the average age for completing training in the UK is near 3 .	Today the average age for completing training in the UK is nearer 3 .	comp_adj	2956
Now Scotland stands in his way as he seeks great glory .	Now Scotland stands in his way as he seeks greater glory .	comp_adj	2957
These tough sanctions would cover oil and gas investment and the financial sector .	These tougher sanctions would cover oil and gas investment and the financial sector .	comp_adj	2958
Benazir Bhutto would provide great stability and respectability as prime minister .	Benazir Bhutto would provide greater stability and respectability as prime minister .	comp_adj	2959
Leahy said some interrogation techniques may require a close look and briefings .	Leahy said some interrogation techniques may require a closer look and briefings .	comp_adj	2960
Your blood pressure is low .	Your blood pressure is lower .	comp_adj	2961
Optoma also makes and sells the old HD81 .	Optoma also makes and sells the older HD81 .	comp_adj	2962
Single greeting cards start at $ 2.95 with discounts given for large orders .	Single greeting cards start at $ 2.95 with discounts given for larger orders .	comp_adj	2963
The toll could be high .	The toll could be higher .	comp_adj	2964
In 2008 , it will be hard to find airport parking .	In 2008 , it will be harder to find airport parking .	comp_adj	2965
The Irish were bad , in almost every way .	The Irish were worse , in almost every way .	comp_adj	2966
Earlier in the season , the Eagles had great ambitions .	Earlier in the season , the Eagles had greater ambitions .	comp_adj	2967
3 may be part of a large pattern of gang activity .	3 may be part of a larger pattern of gang activity .	comp_adj	2968
Another factor was the weak level of hedging rates versus the American dollar .	Another factor was the weaker level of hedging rates versus the American dollar .	comp_adj	2969
The drug makers point to individual studies with good results .	The drug makers point to individual studies with better results .	comp_adj	2970
IVM treatment is also short and less expensive than IVF .	IVM treatment is also shorter and less expensive than IVF .	comp_adj	2971
High petrol prices and volatile financial markets have also hit US consumers .	Higher petrol prices and volatile financial markets have also hit US consumers .	comp_adj	2972
A far great holistic approach needs to be adopted .	A far greater holistic approach needs to be adopted .	comp_adj	2973
There will also be wide use of the International Baccalaureate .	There will also be wider use of the International Baccalaureate .	comp_adj	2974
The fact is , our customers should be getting good service .	The fact is , our customers should be getting better service .	comp_adj	2975
SIMPLY NUTRILITE products are the sure option for quick and good nutrition .	SIMPLY NUTRILITE products are the sure option for quick and better nutrition .	comp_adj	2976
As a young member , I am in favour of the environmental policies .	As a younger member , I am in favour of the environmental policies .	comp_adj	2977
Running for my life Raise taxes on wealthy families to pay the cost .	Running for my life Raise taxes on wealthier families to pay the cost .	comp_adj	2978
Understanding this puzzle requires digging deep into some rather complex statistics .	Understanding this puzzle requires digging deeper into some rather complex statistics .	comp_adj	2979
Christie 's had good material and the market responded .	Christie 's had better material and the market responded .	comp_adj	2980
But for the most part adventure remains the province of small institutions .	But for the most part adventure remains the province of smaller institutions .	comp_adj	2981
Theories range from warm temperatures to a drought that has lowered lake levels .	Theories range from warmer temperatures to a drought that has lowered lake levels .	comp_adj	2982
Close Trevor Hoffman earned his 40th save this season .	Closer Trevor Hoffman earned his 40th save this season .	comp_adj	2983
And Treasury bonds gave up some of their gains , pushing yields high .	And Treasury bonds gave up some of their gains , pushing yields higher .	comp_adj	2984
Weak phrasing would suggest a more circumspect approach to future rate tightening .	Weaker phrasing would suggest a more circumspect approach to future rate tightening .	comp_adj	2985
Long term , you may have to reduce your spending significantly .	Longer term , you may have to reduce your spending significantly .	comp_adj	2986
He said he had devoted himself to producing clean music with positive messages .	He said he had devoted himself to producing cleaner music with positive messages .	comp_adj	2987
Michael Jackson had good wake up .	Michael Jackson had better wake up .	comp_adj	2988
There was evidence , too , of great maturity from Marlon Samuels .	There was evidence , too , of greater maturity from Marlon Samuels .	comp_adj	2989
But they failed in low courts and on appeal .	But they failed in lower courts and on appeal .	comp_adj	2990
Mr Arnault has big ambitions in the media still .	Mr Arnault has bigger ambitions in the media still .	comp_adj	2991
-- Increased metals mining investment contributed to high volume .	-- Increased metals mining investment contributed to higher volume .	comp_adj	2992
New York was bad , Romney fired back .	New York was worse , Romney fired back .	comp_adj	2993
In Atchison , Mr. Fox is finding that he needs a big plant .	In Atchison , Mr. Fox is finding that he needs a bigger plant .	comp_adj	2994
My young sister is now a mother with children .	My younger sister is now a mother with children .	comp_adj	2995
Slow speeds Lower rates can undercut a currency 's value .	Slower speeds Lower rates can undercut a currency 's value .	comp_adj	2996
Afghanistan , like Poland , is a small country flanked by large ones .	Afghanistan , like Poland , is a small country flanked by larger ones .	comp_adj	2997
For in his movie , he emerges triumphant ( and tall ) .	For in his movie , he emerges triumphant ( and taller ) .	comp_adj	2998
It is the small plantation owners that are a concern .	It is the smaller plantation owners that are a concern .	comp_adj	2999
For the serious game at least , all was forgiven yesterday morning .	For the serious gamer at least , all was forgiven yesterday morning .	comp_adj	3000
Opposition groups say the number is far high .	Opposition groups say the number is far higher .	comp_adj	3001
" You look old , " I say , truthfully .	" You look older , " I say , truthfully .	comp_adj	3002
It then assumes the low spending level for the program 's duration .	It then assumes the lower spending level for the program 's duration .	comp_adj	3003
Others argue fundamentals clearly support high prices .	Others argue fundamentals clearly support higher prices .	comp_adj	3004
The losses could be large this year .	The losses could be larger this year .	comp_adj	3005
We cannot complain , they were the good team .	We cannot complain , they were the better team .	comp_adj	3006
That album was brooding and decidedly slanted toward their hard rock roots .	That album was brooding and decidedly slanted toward their harder rock roots .	comp_adj	3007
There are 22,000 taxi drivers in the great Tunis region alone .	There are 22,000 taxi drivers in the greater Tunis region alone .	comp_adj	3008
Unofficial sources put the number far high .	Unofficial sources put the number far higher .	comp_adj	3009
Her ordeal , she agreed , had made her a good entrepreneur .	Her ordeal , she agreed , had made her a better entrepreneur .	comp_adj	3010
That may have led to good results .	That may have led to better results .	comp_adj	3011
But close Mariano Rivera remains unsigned as he waits for a four-year offer .	But closer Mariano Rivera remains unsigned as he waits for a four-year offer .	comp_adj	3012
The Mets , meanwhile , just keep sinking low .	The Mets , meanwhile , just keep sinking lower .	comp_adj	3013
It is idleness that is hard to endure .	It is idleness that is harder to endure .	comp_adj	3014
Use a rag soaked in paint thin if you are applying oil-based paint .	Use a rag soaked in paint thinner if you are applying oil-based paint .	comp_adj	3015
All you can ask for is good execution .	All you can ask for is better execution .	comp_adj	3016
It is long and more difficult than a mediocre date , obviously .	It is longer and more difficult than a mediocre date , obviously .	comp_adj	3017
The Yankees have a loose signing strategy .	The Yankees have a looser signing strategy .	comp_adj	3018
Other industrial metals ended modestly high on the LME .	Other industrial metals ended modestly higher on the LME .	comp_adj	3019
Marine faces little charges in Iraq deaths In Hot Springs , Ark .	Marine faces lesser charges in Iraq deaths In Hot Springs , Ark .	comp_adj	3020
Brown rice is also a healthy choice .	Brown rice is also a healthier choice .	comp_adj	3021
But Jennifer came off bad .	But Jennifer came off worse .	comp_adj	3022
Four starters on offense are 25 or young .	Four starters on offense are 25 or younger .	comp_adj	3023
Overseas , European markets moved low , while Asian markets ended mixed .	Overseas , European markets moved lower , while Asian markets ended mixed .	comp_adj	3024
This resulted in the low court ruling against the OFCC case .	This resulted in the lower court ruling against the OFCC case .	comp_adj	3025
Joe Borowski 's the close and he led the AL with 45 saves .	Joe Borowski 's the closer and he led the AL with 45 saves .	comp_adj	3026
They come here for a good life , and they died .	They come here for a better life , and they died .	comp_adj	3027
Obviously , it is always easy when you win .	Obviously , it is always easier when you win .	comp_adj	3028
He also faults himself for failing to assemble a strong team at Boeing .	He also faults himself for failing to assemble a stronger team at Boeing .	comp_adj	3029
Washington 's nightlife is about to get a little bit rich .	Washington 's nightlife is about to get a little bit richer .	comp_adj	3030
" I love the hard stuff , " he said .	" I love the harder stuff , " he said .	comp_adj	3031
It would be easy all round if they would dare to say so .	It would be easier all round if they would dare to say so .	comp_adj	3032
It will also have two clean air theatres and a big ambulance area .	It will also have two clean air theatres and a bigger ambulance area .	comp_adj	3033
What good way to get comfort than grilled cheese ?	What better way to get comfort than grilled cheese ?	comp_adj	3034
The soft sound comes from the way the instruments were made .	The softer sound comes from the way the instruments were made .	comp_adj	3035
The wave-harvesting system is basically a large version of the same technology .	The wave-harvesting system is basically a larger version of the same technology .	comp_adj	3036
Low federal courts all rejected el-Masri 's legal claims .	Lower federal courts all rejected el-Masri 's legal claims .	comp_adj	3037
Without dropping , how can it recover strong ?	Without dropping , how can it recover stronger ?	comp_adj	3038
The risk of high inflation also remains .	The risk of higher inflation also remains .	comp_adj	3039
Finland in particular is keen on close cooperation .	Finland in particular is keen on closer cooperation .	comp_adj	3040
Four of the defendants had faced only little charges before Tuesday 's filings .	Four of the defendants had faced only lesser charges before Tuesday 's filings .	comp_adj	3041
A cut would mean low interest rates for millions of people and businesses .	A cut would mean lower interest rates for millions of people and businesses .	comp_adj	3042
" " Managing money well goes hand-in-hand with providing good patient care .	" " Managing money well goes hand-in-hand with providing better patient care .	comp_adj	3043
Broad stock indexes also gained .	Broader stock indexes also gained .	comp_adj	3044
States responding to outcry with stiff criminal penalties This is a serious question .	States responding to outcry with stiffer criminal penalties This is a serious question .	comp_adj	3045
The only thing that kept me from running fast was the constant pounding .	The only thing that kept me from running faster was the constant pounding .	comp_adj	3046
However , most evangelicals and charismatics are contained within the old religions .	However , most evangelicals and charismatics are contained within the older religions .	comp_adj	3047
Narain proposed high taxes on diesel vehicles .	Narain proposed higher taxes on diesel vehicles .	comp_adj	3048
Her brain works slow .	Her brain works slower .	comp_adj	3049
But a trip to the kitchen may be the smart move .	But a trip to the kitchen may be the smarter move .	comp_adj	3050
The broad retail-price measure rose from 3.9 % to 4.2 % .	The broader retail-price measure rose from 3.9 % to 4.2 % .	comp_adj	3051
Pink has also led the charge to overthrow another postwar intellectual orthodoxy .	Pinker has also led the charge to overthrow another postwar intellectual orthodoxy .	comp_adj	3052
It should be about enjoying every moment of a long life ?	It should be about enjoying every moment of a longer life ?	comp_adj	3053
The shares closed 7.75p high at 246p .	The shares closed 7.75p higher at 246p .	comp_adj	3054
Large loans are considered jumbo or super-jumbo in industry parlance .	Larger loans are considered jumbo or super-jumbo in industry parlance .	comp_adj	3055
Schwarzenegger sought quick action and vowed to sue .	Schwarzenegger sought quicker action and vowed to sue .	comp_adj	3056
The low level of the safe house was only three rooms .	The lower level of the safe house was only three rooms .	comp_adj	3057
Rubin has a big idea .	Rubin has a bigger idea .	comp_adj	3058
African Americans have high rates of hypertension and diabetes .	African Americans have higher rates of hypertension and diabetes .	comp_adj	3059
I know for a fact he will come out a good person .	I know for a fact he will come out a better person .	comp_adj	3060
Caine is also circumspect about his young co-star 's personal wobbles .	Caine is also circumspect about his younger co-star 's personal wobbles .	comp_adj	3061
We also struck to death our young brother and sister .	We also struck to death our younger brother and sister .	comp_adj	3062
Old women shouldn 't disappear .	Older women shouldn 't disappear .	comp_adj	3063
A strong electoral mandate will let PiS finish the job .	A stronger electoral mandate will let PiS finish the job .	comp_adj	3064
The Securities and Exchange Commission has instituted great pay disclosure rules .	The Securities and Exchange Commission has instituted greater pay disclosure rules .	comp_adj	3065
This fiscal folly could not come at a bad time .	This fiscal folly could not come at a worse time .	comp_adj	3066
Mr Salmond 's second 100 days have been hard .	Mr Salmond 's second 100 days have been harder .	comp_adj	3067
Many economists believe the actual rate is many times high .	Many economists believe the actual rate is many times higher .	comp_adj	3068
Young and Hipper ( Y & H ) equals good .	Younger and Hipper ( Y & H ) equals good .	comp_adj	3069
Plus , they are just good fun , aren 't they ?	Plus , they are just better fun , aren 't they ?	comp_adj	3070
His tend to be young and male .	His tend to be younger and male .	comp_adj	3071
In long interviews across Baghdad , the pattern was repeated .	In longer interviews across Baghdad , the pattern was repeated .	comp_adj	3072
Generally it is more severe the high the blood alcohol level becomes .	Generally it is more severe the higher the blood alcohol level becomes .	comp_adj	3073
Davies 's finance background might explain his facility for grasping the big picture .	Davies 's finance background might explain his facility for grasping the bigger picture .	comp_adj	3074
1958 - Tonga acquires great autonomy from Britain .	1958 - Tonga acquires greater autonomy from Britain .	comp_adj	3075
Colors appear soft .	Colors appear softer .	comp_adj	3076
" It was good today , " Carr said .	" It was better today , " Carr said .	comp_adj	3077
Third , how hard might the broad economy be hit ?	Third , how hard might the broader economy be hit ?	comp_adj	3078
He is unquestionably one of the good coaches in college football today .	He is unquestionably one of the better coaches in college football today .	comp_adj	3079
Close Al Reyes earned his 23rd save .	Closer Al Reyes earned his 23rd save .	comp_adj	3080
Shaun shrugs when asked what he would like to be doing long term .	Shaun shrugs when asked what he would like to be doing longer term .	comp_adj	3081
The bold men would jeer and bait the soldiers .	The bolder men would jeer and bait the soldiers .	comp_adj	3082
Understand what makes people tick and you 'll be a good lawyer .	Understand what makes people tick and you 'll be a better lawyer .	comp_adj	3083
Long stories and photo essays might be featured solely in print .	Longer stories and photo essays might be featured solely in print .	comp_adj	3084
Most reported they were successful at getting a low price at least once .	Most reported they were successful at getting a lower price at least once .	comp_adj	3085
Both brothers said they fully expected to be arrested again , or bad .	Both brothers said they fully expected to be arrested again , or worse .	comp_adj	3086
One time , she took her old sister to see Edwards speak .	One time , she took her older sister to see Edwards speak .	comp_adj	3087
Modern minds still seek deep meanings and still want relevant instructions for living .	Modern minds still seek deeper meanings and still want relevant instructions for living .	comp_adj	3088
One final advantage for hot religion of all sorts is demography .	One final advantage for hotter religion of all sorts is demography .	comp_adj	3089
We are trying very hard to lift ourselves up high into the middle-class .	We are trying very hard to lift ourselves up higher into the middle-class .	comp_adj	3090
Some said high fares would hurt the poor .	Some said higher fares would hurt the poor .	comp_adj	3091
Should it be easy for parents to set up their own schools ?	Should it be easier for parents to set up their own schools ?	comp_adj	3092
Mr Churkin said Russia favours a broad effort .	Mr Churkin said Russia favours a broader effort .	comp_adj	3093
The high non-core MTBE sales reflect both favorable volume and pricing .	The higher non-core MTBE sales reflect both favorable volume and pricing .	comp_adj	3094
everyone is happy , everyone is hungry .	everyone is happier , everyone is hungry .	comp_adj	3095
It is easy to do something online rather than to your face .	It is easier to do something online rather than to your face .	comp_adj	3096
Federalists had a broad agenda .	Federalists had a broader agenda .	comp_adj	3097
It is also using expensive credit to repay cheap credit .	It is also using expensive credit to repay cheaper credit .	comp_adj	3098
He is young , of course .	He is younger , of course .	comp_adj	3099
Wes Littleton then retired Dan Johnson on a ground to protect the lead .	Wes Littleton then retired Dan Johnson on a grounder to protect the lead .	comp_adj	3100
This increase was primarily due to high labor expenses .	This increase was primarily due to higher labor expenses .	comp_adj	3101
Gold edged high Monday as the dollar fell against the euro .	Gold edged higher Monday as the dollar fell against the euro .	comp_adj	3102
You cannot have a good guy in this position .	You cannot have a better guy in this position .	comp_adj	3103
Dry Southeast could spell costly beef His good luck charm ?	Dry Southeast could spell costlier beef His good luck charm ?	comp_adj	3104
Stella Byers , 82 , says her memory seems sharp .	Stella Byers , 82 , says her memory seems sharper .	comp_adj	3105
" Everything is fast , " he said .	" Everything is faster , " he said .	comp_adj	3106
In Chicago , wheat edged high while soybeans and corn fell .	In Chicago , wheat edged higher while soybeans and corn fell .	comp_adj	3107
'Agitation' Surely there are easy ways to make a living ?	'Agitation' Surely there are easier ways to make a living ?	comp_adj	3108
Good Results Aleve and Alka-Seltzer are trademarks of Bayer .	Better Results Aleve and Alka-Seltzer are trademarks of Bayer .	comp_adj	3109
But its roots go far deep .	But its roots go far deeper .	comp_adj	3110
Some families returned to poor neighborhoods after sampling a more middle-class environment .	Some families returned to poorer neighborhoods after sampling a more middle-class environment .	comp_adj	3111
A sharp ground by Amaris Ramírez became a double play .	A sharp grounder by Amaris Ramírez became a double play .	comp_adj	3112
The Department for Transport ( DfT ) wants high penalties for excess speeding .	The Department for Transport ( DfT ) wants higher penalties for excess speeding .	comp_adj	3113
-- High oil and natural gas prices drove increased drilling and pipeline construction .	-- Higher oil and natural gas prices drove increased drilling and pipeline construction .	comp_adj	3114
High marketing and advertising spending also impacted profit , the company said .	Higher marketing and advertising spending also impacted profit , the company said .	comp_adj	3115
I suggest a brave decision : to admit that we cannot .	I suggest a braver decision : to admit that we cannot .	comp_adj	3116
The main aim is to get a good match for their child .	The main aim is to get a better match for their child .	comp_adj	3117
It is also risky .	It is also riskier .	comp_adj	3118
" This is a change for the bad , " he said .	" This is a change for the worse , " he said .	comp_adj	3119
The SNP government said it would continue to deliver low sizes .	The SNP government said it would continue to deliver lower sizes .	comp_adj	3120
Most pairs treat the low card as neutral .	Most pairs treat the lower card as neutral .	comp_adj	3121
In the United States , the numbers are far bad .	In the United States , the numbers are far worse .	comp_adj	3122
This time , the Democratic front-runner has a big lead .	This time , the Democratic front-runner has a bigger lead .	comp_adj	3123
The broad Case-Shiller index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	The broader Case-Shiller index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	comp_adj	3124
Which is the good scenario : yin-yang or similar personalities ?	Which is the better scenario : yin-yang or similar personalities ?	comp_adj	3125
Other minor characters , according to Rowling , came to happy ends .	Other minor characters , according to Rowling , came to happier ends .	comp_adj	3126
Pack large quantities of liquids and gels in checked baggage .	Pack larger quantities of liquids and gels in checked baggage .	comp_adj	3127
The extra year is supposed to give them a good chance to excel .	The extra year is supposed to give them a better chance to excel .	comp_adj	3128
The old they get , the more concerned they are .	The older they get , the more concerned they are .	comp_adj	3129
Good data collection in India and five African countries explains the apparent fall .	Better data collection in India and five African countries explains the apparent fall .	comp_adj	3130
They backed off and ordered his mother and young sister outside .	They backed off and ordered his mother and younger sister outside .	comp_adj	3131
But the Fed 's move began a chain reaction that sent prices high .	But the Fed 's move began a chain reaction that sent prices higher .	comp_adj	3132
The miner closed 251p high at £ 36.49 on moderate volume .	The miner closed 251p higher at £ 36.49 on moderate volume .	comp_adj	3133
There is an old book of his that I am obsessed with .	There is an older book of his that I am obsessed with .	comp_adj	3134
The large unions are holding out .	The larger unions are holding out .	comp_adj	3135
So hopefully the possibilities can be big .	So hopefully the possibilities can be bigger .	comp_adj	3136
Carroll 's young brother , Jeff , is a reserve midfielder-defender for United .	Carroll 's younger brother , Jeff , is a reserve midfielder-defender for United .	comp_adj	3137
These videos draw small but infinitely more voluble audiences than the dumb shows .	These videos draw smaller but infinitely more voluble audiences than the dumb shows .	comp_adj	3138
The harbour 's four other islands are busy .	The harbour 's four other islands are busier .	comp_adj	3139
We believe that our acquisition represents a good fit with Resolution .	We believe that our acquisition represents a better fit with Resolution .	comp_adj	3140
Is there a great cost ?	Is there a greater cost ?	comp_adj	3141
We were beaten by the good team .	We were beaten by the better team .	comp_adj	3142
George Osborne seems old these days .	George Osborne seems older these days .	comp_adj	3143
One in three drivers admitted not bothering to look out for cheap fuel .	One in three drivers admitted not bothering to look out for cheaper fuel .	comp_adj	3144
The regime 's position grows weak by the day .	The regime 's position grows weaker by the day .	comp_adj	3145
Is there not a good way ?	Is there not a better way ?	comp_adj	3146
His young brother adapted easily to a regular classroom with a little help .	His younger brother adapted easily to a regular classroom with a little help .	comp_adj	3147
Truly enduring art must strike a deep chord .	Truly enduring art must strike a deeper chord .	comp_adj	3148
Last year 's anniversary was a small affair .	Last year 's anniversary was a smaller affair .	comp_adj	3149
Would people lose weight if they moved to a toney town ?	Would people lose weight if they moved to a tonier town ?	comp_adj	3150
There is a big prize out there , and we understand that .	There is a bigger prize out there , and we understand that .	comp_adj	3151
This was tough .	This was tougher .	comp_adj	3152
For spicey shopping , there is the capacious and crowded second floor .	For spicier shopping , there is the capacious and crowded second floor .	comp_adj	3153
The group is advising old internet users to change their passwords more often .	The group is advising older internet users to change their passwords more often .	comp_adj	3154
Chief executive Alan Mulally said the economic concerns included tight credit markets .	Chief executive Alan Mulally said the economic concerns included tighter credit markets .	comp_adj	3155
What if he was young ?	What if he was younger ?	comp_adj	3156
Campaigners called for great efforts to promote safe sex messages .	Campaigners called for greater efforts to promote safe sex messages .	comp_adj	3157
The bill goes to the low house first .	The bill goes to the lower house first .	comp_adj	3158
An old daughter had gone to college .	An older daughter had gone to college .	comp_adj	3159
Generation invests mainly in large companies it deems environmentally and socially responsible .	Generation invests mainly in larger companies it deems environmentally and socially responsible .	comp_adj	3160
Youren 's old brother had hip disease that prevented him from riding roughstock .	Youren 's older brother had hip disease that prevented him from riding roughstock .	comp_adj	3161
It pushes powers out into the NHS , meaning fair allocation of money .	It pushes powers out into the NHS , meaning fairer allocation of money .	comp_adj	3162
For others , history came cheap .	For others , history came cheaper .	comp_adj	3163
Maybe then it 'll be easy for them to see that in him .	Maybe then it 'll be easier for them to see that in him .	comp_adj	3164
Indiana dominated inside against the small Longwood players .	Indiana dominated inside against the smaller Longwood players .	comp_adj	3165
Then gasoline prices spiked , and the long commute became a deal-breaker .	Then gasoline prices spiked , and the longer commute became a deal-breaker .	comp_adj	3166
Other students think lowering the drinking age would encourage safe drinking .	Other students think lowering the drinking age would encourage safer drinking .	comp_adj	3167
The big monetary ROI lies in traditional financial services .	The bigger monetary ROI lies in traditional financial services .	comp_adj	3168
He was the good player .	He was the better player .	comp_adj	3169
Let 's put Mr. Cohen to work for the great good .	Let 's put Mr. Cohen to work for the greater good .	comp_adj	3170
The old shelters in particular have become run-down .	The older shelters in particular have become run-down .	comp_adj	3171
Broad indexes finished mixed .	Broader indexes finished mixed .	comp_adj	3172
The difference is a soft , more appealing glow to your pictures .	The difference is a softer , more appealing glow to your pictures .	comp_adj	3173
That is attracted great readership and advertising dollars , she said .	That is attracted greater readership and advertising dollars , she said .	comp_adj	3174
Low prices and another reduction in interest rates could help this group .	Lower prices and another reduction in interest rates could help this group .	comp_adj	3175
Starting forward Luol Deng missed his third consecutive game with low back pain .	Starting forward Luol Deng missed his third consecutive game with lower back pain .	comp_adj	3176
A credit card is the safe option .	A credit card is the safer option .	comp_adj	3177
And several recent corrections have been far short .	And several recent corrections have been far shorter .	comp_adj	3178
Her old brother is acting up .	Her older brother is acting up .	comp_adj	3179
Meanwhile , demand increases because crops are thirsty .	Meanwhile , demand increases because crops are thirstier .	comp_adj	3180
Treatments include blood thinning drugs and attempts to low cholesterol .	Treatments include blood thinning drugs and attempts to lower cholesterol .	comp_adj	3181
was a fast way to victory , with the idea 26.Rb1 Rf2 + !	was a faster way to victory , with the idea 26.Rb1 Rf2 + !	comp_adj	3182
My father had died and my mom wanted to move somewhere warm .	My father had died and my mom wanted to move somewhere warmer .	comp_adj	3183
Here it is easy to find opportunities .	Here it is easier to find opportunities .	comp_adj	3184
This is all part of a wide trend in Indonesia .	This is all part of a wider trend in Indonesia .	comp_adj	3185
One or two of our young players have come out of that .	One or two of our younger players have come out of that .	comp_adj	3186
Unsurprisingly , it is geared toward young drivers .	Unsurprisingly , it is geared toward younger drivers .	comp_adj	3187
Clubs and sites report brisk business , and young clients .	Clubs and sites report brisk business , and younger clients .	comp_adj	3188
I think it is high energy .	I think it is higher energy .	comp_adj	3189
Growing wise , then , would involve life 's more complex parts .	Growing wiser , then , would involve life 's more complex parts .	comp_adj	3190
Those can lead to great exposure to the amoeba .	Those can lead to greater exposure to the amoeba .	comp_adj	3191
She was also being weighed down by comparisons to her old sister .	She was also being weighed down by comparisons to her older sister .	comp_adj	3192
Perhaps an old child in the neighborhood told her that blondes are beautiful .	Perhaps an older child in the neighborhood told her that blondes are beautiful .	comp_adj	3193
This will also allow longer-term relationships , deep collaboration and capacity building .	This will also allow longer-term relationships , deeper collaboration and capacity building .	comp_adj	3194
Compare this with the 1990s - the difference could not be great .	Compare this with the 1990s - the difference could not be greater .	comp_adj	3195
Low costs for 2007 offset the decline .	Lower costs for 2007 offset the decline .	comp_adj	3196
At stake is a wide Democratic majority , big enough to govern .	At stake is a wider Democratic majority , big enough to govern .	comp_adj	3197
The dollar was low against most other major currencies .	The dollar was lower against most other major currencies .	comp_adj	3198
But there was a good solution .	But there was a better solution .	comp_adj	3199
Thin or linear-shaped women would simply lack enough of either type of fat .	Thinner or linear-shaped women would simply lack enough of either type of fat .	comp_adj	3200
Falcons and merlins have proved to be excellent for hunting small birds .	Falcons and merlins have proved to be excellent for hunting smaller birds .	comp_adj	3201
The bottom-line was also affected by high advertising spending .	The bottom-line was also affected by higher advertising spending .	comp_adj	3202
" " As a musician , I wanted to dig deep .	" " As a musician , I wanted to dig deeper .	comp_adj	3203
Good diplomacy could ease worries in Poland and the Czech Republic .	Better diplomacy could ease worries in Poland and the Czech Republic .	comp_adj	3204
But the city is now realizing flower power on a big scale .	But the city is now realizing flower power on a bigger scale .	comp_adj	3205
All it needs is a high profile .	All it needs is a higher profile .	comp_adj	3206
Nevertheless , some lawyers see the verdict as a wide turning point .	Nevertheless , some lawyers see the verdict as a wider turning point .	comp_adj	3207
But given its ambition , its costs are likely great .	But given its ambition , its costs are likely greater .	comp_adj	3208
Is it bad to be boring ?	Is it worse to be boring ?	comp_adj	3209
He walked into the small one , currently for sale for $ 950,000 .	He walked into the smaller one , currently for sale for $ 950,000 .	comp_adj	3210
He is gotten strong .	He is gotten stronger .	comp_adj	3211
Focus on what you learned and how it made you a good person .	Focus on what you learned and how it made you a better person .	comp_adj	3212
Large models can be left on to create a no-call zone .	Larger models can be left on to create a no-call zone .	comp_adj	3213
" The rich guy pays , " he writes .	" The richer guy pays , " he writes .	comp_adj	3214
He predicts the Fed will cut rates by a bold , half-percentage point .	He predicts the Fed will cut rates by a bolder , half-percentage point .	comp_adj	3215
State polls provide a good clue of what may happen .	State polls provide a better clue of what may happen .	comp_adj	3216
Mumola said the low Justice Department figures reflect reporting differences .	Mumola said the lower Justice Department figures reflect reporting differences .	comp_adj	3217
Others said a low house dissolution in December could not be ruled out .	Others said a lower house dissolution in December could not be ruled out .	comp_adj	3218
Old drivers are involved in very few drink-drive or single-vehicle accidents .	Older drivers are involved in very few drink-drive or single-vehicle accidents .	comp_adj	3219
The large room is covered in mattresses .	The larger room is covered in mattresses .	comp_adj	3220
Squishy would be close to accurate .	Squishy would be closer to accurate .	comp_adj	3221
Steel Dynamics Updates Third Quarter Earnings Guidance I think it looks cool .	Steel Dynamics Updates Third Quarter Earnings Guidance I think it looks cooler .	comp_adj	3222
They were advised instead to consider professions better suited for the gentle sex .	They were advised instead to consider professions better suited for the gentler sex .	comp_adj	3223
Seventeen children , all 6 or young , were spared .	Seventeen children , all 6 or younger , were spared .	comp_adj	3224
Almost three-quarters were 75 and old ; their median age was 83.2 .	Almost three-quarters were 75 and older ; their median age was 83.2 .	comp_adj	3225
But the small Shenzhen Composite Index rose 0.7 percent to 1,409.81 .	But the smaller Shenzhen Composite Index rose 0.7 percent to 1,409.81 .	comp_adj	3226
And even the long methods do not take much time .	And even the longer methods do not take much time .	comp_adj	3227
Branches are popping up with great frequency in residential neighborhoods .	Branches are popping up with greater frequency in residential neighborhoods .	comp_adj	3228
Broad market indicators also advanced .	Broader market indicators also advanced .	comp_adj	3229
The aggressive tactics big discounts and expanded hours like midnight openings apparently worked .	The aggressive tactics bigger discounts and expanded hours like midnight openings apparently worked .	comp_adj	3230
The Red Sox were simply and unequivocally the good team .	The Red Sox were simply and unequivocally the better team .	comp_adj	3231
She thought the candidate would be reading at a high level .	She thought the candidate would be reading at a higher level .	comp_adj	3232
Broad indexes were also little changed .	Broader indexes were also little changed .	comp_adj	3233
So which is hard ?	So which is harder ?	comp_adj	3234
" It is clean and more reliable , " Gallo said .	" It is cleaner and more reliable , " Gallo said .	comp_adj	3235
If you are not a packaging snob , there are some cheap alternatives .	If you are not a packaging snob , there are some cheaper alternatives .	comp_adj	3236
This might justify a high valuation .	This might justify a higher valuation .	comp_adj	3237
New products help diabetics control blood-sugar levels .	Newer products help diabetics control blood-sugar levels .	comp_adj	3238
But it is the big picture that is really intriguing these planet hunters .	But it is the bigger picture that is really intriguing these planet hunters .	comp_adj	3239
I am told hen parties and young couples are more common at weekends .	I am told hen parties and younger couples are more common at weekends .	comp_adj	3240
His presence could have provoked stiff resistance from the strikers , they said .	His presence could have provoked stiffer resistance from the strikers , they said .	comp_adj	3241
Sunday 's losing pitcher was close Ryan Dempster ( 2-7 ) .	Sunday 's losing pitcher was closer Ryan Dempster ( 2-7 ) .	comp_adj	3242
The perceived soft stance has angered many pro-independence hard- liners .	The perceived softer stance has angered many pro-independence hard- liners .	comp_adj	3243
Coca-Cola , its large rival , operates a separate North America business unit .	Coca-Cola , its larger rival , operates a separate North America business unit .	comp_adj	3244
Maine then retired No. 8 batter Matt Diaz on a ground .	Maine then retired No. 8 batter Matt Diaz on a grounder .	comp_adj	3245
Good sleep does not have to come in a pill .	Better sleep does not have to come in a pill .	comp_adj	3246
The hefty forces of the Philharmonic Orchestra were brought in for that .	The heftier forces of the Philharmonic Orchestra were brought in for that .	comp_adj	3247
It helps to keep our town neat and recycles the bags .	It helps to keep our town neater and recycles the bags .	comp_adj	3248
DO look for a great purpose .	DO look for a greater purpose .	comp_adj	3249
Trying to understand the big picture and get the message out .	Trying to understand the bigger picture and get the message out .	comp_adj	3250
We need to make it a good program .	We need to make it a better program .	comp_adj	3251
The buttons were none the bad for wear .	The buttons were none the worse for wear .	comp_adj	3252
But great clarity was not necessarily a result .	But greater clarity was not necessarily a result .	comp_adj	3253
For several years , clean burning natural gas appeared a promising substitute .	For several years , cleaner burning natural gas appeared a promising substitute .	comp_adj	3254
But the Times Co. saw great growth potential in taking down the wall .	But the Times Co. saw greater growth potential in taking down the wall .	comp_adj	3255
But I want you to turn your mind toward being old .	But I want you to turn your mind toward being older .	comp_adj	3256
17 - SpongeBob is trying to muscle deep into the consumer electronics aisle .	17 - SpongeBob is trying to muscle deeper into the consumer electronics aisle .	comp_adj	3257
The decrease relates primarily to low employee benefit costs and incentive accruals .	The decrease relates primarily to lower employee benefit costs and incentive accruals .	comp_adj	3258
Evidence of the latter is growing clear .	Evidence of the latter is growing clearer .	comp_adj	3259
STV delivered what it promised ( although not uniformly ) : fair votes .	STV delivered what it promised ( although not uniformly ) : fairer votes .	comp_adj	3260
The local part is tricky .	The local part is trickier .	comp_adj	3261
The Family and Parenting Institute also backed the call for strict regulation .	The Family and Parenting Institute also backed the call for stricter regulation .	comp_adj	3262
Ogonowski 's position on taxes had a narrow , 13 percentage point lead .	Ogonowski 's position on taxes had a narrower , 13 percentage point lead .	comp_adj	3263
Small businesses may have relatively few listings .	Smaller businesses may have relatively few listings .	comp_adj	3264
However , noise levels on take-off and landing are unquestionably low .	However , noise levels on take-off and landing are unquestionably lower .	comp_adj	3265
High sentence given to dealer This is the fourth year for the awards .	Higher sentence given to dealer This is the fourth year for the awards .	comp_adj	3266
But a high court disagreed and told the judge to hold a trial .	But a higher court disagreed and told the judge to hold a trial .	comp_adj	3267
Then there is the notion that white-collar jobs are cushy and pay more .	Then there is the notion that white-collar jobs are cushier and pay more .	comp_adj	3268
Great Manchester Police have appealed for witnesses to contact them .	Greater Manchester Police have appealed for witnesses to contact them .	comp_adj	3269
Such homes can be hard to sell , she said .	Such homes can be harder to sell , she said .	comp_adj	3270
And I believe that together we can chart a good way forward .	And I believe that together we can chart a better way forward .	comp_adj	3271
Low courts rightly held this highly undemocratic system to be unconstitutional .	Lower courts rightly held this highly undemocratic system to be unconstitutional .	comp_adj	3272
They are among the most fortified institutions in great Washington .	They are among the most fortified institutions in greater Washington .	comp_adj	3273
For many small firms , the tradition remains alive .	For many smaller firms , the tradition remains alive .	comp_adj	3274
In other parts of the country , ozoni is plain .	In other parts of the country , ozoni is plainer .	comp_adj	3275
Gardai seek spy death adjournment Why should organic produce have high phytochemical levels ?	Gardai seek spy death adjournment Why should organic produce have higher phytochemical levels ?	comp_adj	3276
Duvall-Serrano suggested that Nick take a debit card or a low credit limit .	Duvall-Serrano suggested that Nick take a debit card or a lower credit limit .	comp_adj	3277
Yet a large eclipse is feared .	Yet a larger eclipse is feared .	comp_adj	3278
The Prison Reform Trust said good treatment was vital to cut reoffending .	The Prison Reform Trust said better treatment was vital to cut reoffending .	comp_adj	3279
The fuel is the big issue for him .	The fuel is the bigger issue for him .	comp_adj	3280
Today it is generally taken by light singers .	Today it is generally taken by lighter singers .	comp_adj	3281
Blake could have gone to a small school and found playing time .	Blake could have gone to a smaller school and found playing time .	comp_adj	3282
Some light fare remains on this year 's gala schedule .	Some lighter fare remains on this year 's gala schedule .	comp_adj	3283
Good TV is coming , but are you ready for it ?	Better TV is coming , but are you ready for it ?	comp_adj	3284
There are good days ahead !	There are better days ahead !	comp_adj	3285
But there is a large lesson .	But there is a larger lesson .	comp_adj	3286
This included good results in the afternoon in tasks that required concentration .	This included better results in the afternoon in tasks that required concentration .	comp_adj	3287
Firms price high and employees demand wages to match .	Firms price higher and employees demand wages to match .	comp_adj	3288
Mr. El-Erian is returning to Southern California to be close to his family .	Mr. El-Erian is returning to Southern California to be closer to his family .	comp_adj	3289
Short jackets are thus more practical , being less cumbersome .	Shorter jackets are thus more practical , being less cumbersome .	comp_adj	3290
It reinforces the need for great rigour in the system .	It reinforces the need for greater rigour in the system .	comp_adj	3291
There are fears of a broad , possibly military , crisis .	There are fears of a broader , possibly military , crisis .	comp_adj	3292
Broad stock indicators also had solid gains .	Broader stock indicators also had solid gains .	comp_adj	3293
Stiff sanctions Hewlett-Packard is second , with 13.4 percent .	Stiffer sanctions Hewlett-Packard is second , with 13.4 percent .	comp_adj	3294
I have spent the good part of the last year with these men .	I have spent the better part of the last year with these men .	comp_adj	3295
They are less expensive to run , operate around-the-clock and generate great volume .	They are less expensive to run , operate around-the-clock and generate greater volume .	comp_adj	3296
Are broad tech trends working in the company 's favor ?	Are broader tech trends working in the company 's favor ?	comp_adj	3297
One benefit of a horse versus a dog is a long life span .	One benefit of a horse versus a dog is a longer life span .	comp_adj	3298
Talking about my generation : Music festivals are attracting an old crowd .	Talking about my generation : Music festivals are attracting an older crowd .	comp_adj	3299
But tough challenges for Benitez and his players are still to come .	But tougher challenges for Benitez and his players are still to come .	comp_adj	3300
While annuities carry high expense ratios , their payments are also guaranteed .	While annuities carry higher expense ratios , their payments are also guaranteed .	comp_adj	3301
In the telephone discussion on Sunday , the voice sounded clear .	In the telephone discussion on Sunday , the voice sounded clearer .	comp_adj	3302
She wants to be an immigration lawyer when she is old .	She wants to be an immigration lawyer when she is older .	comp_adj	3303
But consumer product testing offers high profit margins .	But consumer product testing offers higher profit margins .	comp_adj	3304
" The buildings are reflecting broad trends in architecture , " Moeller said .	" The buildings are reflecting broader trends in architecture , " Moeller said .	comp_adj	3305
But old women sell .	But older women sell .	comp_adj	3306
Until now , the company has also resisted combinations with large banks .	Until now , the company has also resisted combinations with larger banks .	comp_adj	3307
Joseph Mason , a finance professor at Drexel University , sees big problems .	Joseph Mason , a finance professor at Drexel University , sees bigger problems .	comp_adj	3308
You saw something big , something deeper , something historic .	You saw something bigger , something deeper , something historic .	comp_adj	3309
I have an old brother and sister .	I have an older brother and sister .	comp_adj	3310
There is no guarantee that low rates will help this housing situation .	There is no guarantee that lower rates will help this housing situation .	comp_adj	3311
Otherwise. that nation 's destiny gets dark day by day .	Otherwise. that nation 's destiny gets darker day by day .	comp_adj	3312
Base business expenses increased due to high personnel costs .	Base business expenses increased due to higher personnel costs .	comp_adj	3313
Small parties made up the difference .	Smaller parties made up the difference .	comp_adj	3314
Violence has declined and Al Qaeda in Iraq is said to be weak .	Violence has declined and Al Qaeda in Iraq is said to be weaker .	comp_adj	3315
Modern contracts potentially offer good value for money .	Modern contracts potentially offer better value for money .	comp_adj	3316
Today the stakes are arguably high .	Today the stakes are arguably higher .	comp_adj	3317
MVSU 35 , Dillard 25 European markets moved sharply low .	MVSU 35 , Dillard 25 European markets moved sharply lower .	comp_adj	3318
The rebels oppose Nafta and want great recognition for Indian rights .	The rebels oppose Nafta and want greater recognition for Indian rights .	comp_adj	3319
That could become very expensive , especially for small resorts .	That could become very expensive , especially for smaller resorts .	comp_adj	3320
Other commodities markets were mostly high at midday .	Other commodities markets were mostly higher at midday .	comp_adj	3321
Children usually require a low dose .	Children usually require a lower dose .	comp_adj	3322
A widely reported survey showed recently that old Americans live active sex lives .	A widely reported survey showed recently that older Americans live active sex lives .	comp_adj	3323
That does not mean she cannot relate to her young competitors .	That does not mean she cannot relate to her younger competitors .	comp_adj	3324
Thousands of demonstrators rallied to demand strong action .	Thousands of demonstrators rallied to demand stronger action .	comp_adj	3325
The presidential candidates will have to do a good job .	The presidential candidates will have to do a better job .	comp_adj	3326
The virtuous circle of 2005 clearly made the economy appear strong .	The virtuous circle of 2005 clearly made the economy appear stronger .	comp_adj	3327
... For both sides , the stakes could hardly be high .	... For both sides , the stakes could hardly be higher .	comp_adj	3328
Army base blast kills soldiers The low three floors have three theaters .	Army base blast kills soldiers The lower three floors have three theaters .	comp_adj	3329
It will be a time when we must build a good society .	It will be a time when we must build a better society .	comp_adj	3330
But he is funny .	But he is funnier .	comp_adj	3331
The S & P housing report pushed shares of homebuilders low .	The S & P housing report pushed shares of homebuilders lower .	comp_adj	3332
A tough challenge lies ahead .	A tougher challenge lies ahead .	comp_adj	3333
It is hard for the men to give up control .	It is harder for the men to give up control .	comp_adj	3334
President seeks big war chest Cholera was rampant , dysentery .	President seeks bigger war chest Cholera was rampant , dysentery .	comp_adj	3335
The cause was live cancer , his son Gerry said .	The cause was liver cancer , his son Gerry said .	comp_adj	3336
3307 Sedona Lane Dr Lisi had been tinkering with some small geometries .	3307 Sedona Lane Dr Lisi had been tinkering with some smaller geometries .	comp_adj	3337
This report may start finding some wide ways to do that .	This report may start finding some wider ways to do that .	comp_adj	3338
The losing pitcher was close David Weathers ( 2-5 ) .	The losing pitcher was closer David Weathers ( 2-5 ) .	comp_adj	3339
The weight of this responsibility could not be clear to him .	The weight of this responsibility could not be clearer to him .	comp_adj	3340
Anyone with an American connection would certainly have great interest in being involved .	Anyone with an American connection would certainly have greater interest in being involved .	comp_adj	3341
They could be contenders , but a strong candidate emerges from leftfield .	They could be contenders , but a stronger candidate emerges from leftfield .	comp_adj	3342
Stillman rang the left post with a one-time in the first .	Stillman rang the left post with a one-timer in the first .	comp_adj	3343
The next year , Wal-Mart went light on the cutbacks , hurting sales .	The next year , Wal-Mart went lighter on the cutbacks , hurting sales .	comp_adj	3344
It should have been tough .	It should have been tougher .	comp_adj	3345
That trend could mean high inflation .	That trend could mean higher inflation .	comp_adj	3346
Old varieties have small flowers but are also more dependable .	Old varieties have smaller flowers but are also more dependable .	comp_adj	3347
... The improvement was due to low capital spending in the current quarter .	... The improvement was due to lower capital spending in the current quarter .	comp_adj	3348
And , could the military do the job at a low cost ?	And , could the military do the job at a lower cost ?	comp_adj	3349
Complaints about home inspectors may get a good hearing in Maryland , too .	Complaints about home inspectors may get a better hearing in Maryland , too .	comp_adj	3350
It looks healthy .	It looks healthier .	comp_adj	3351
The owners received tax breaks and other incentives in return for low rents .	The owners received tax breaks and other incentives in return for lower rents .	comp_adj	3352
Bad is the guilt over his past actions .	Worse is the guilt over his past actions .	comp_adj	3353
We cannot be a light version of them .	We cannot be a lighter version of them .	comp_adj	3354
Wealthy people drove past in ancient Mercedes sedans discarded by faraway owners .	Wealthier people drove past in ancient Mercedes sedans discarded by faraway owners .	comp_adj	3355
The broad TOPIX index fell 1.8 percent to 1,563.07 .	The broader TOPIX index fell 1.8 percent to 1,563.07 .	comp_adj	3356
Tough sanctions are the " responsible position " to take , he said .	Tougher sanctions are the " responsible position " to take , he said .	comp_adj	3357
Richard states that it is hard to see people like me .	Richard states that it is harder to see people like me .	comp_adj	3358
And nobody will be happy to see it close to baseball on Sunday .	And nobody will be happier to see it close to baseball on Sunday .	comp_adj	3359
Have you thought about doing a bad job ?	Have you thought about doing a worse job ?	comp_adj	3360
It may be safe to enrich your relationship than your bank balance .	It may be safer to enrich your relationship than your bank balance .	comp_adj	3361
The high UK interest rate makes the currency more attractive for investors .	The higher UK interest rate makes the currency more attractive for investors .	comp_adj	3362
For years , she explained , small clams have been in vogue .	For years , she explained , smaller clams have been in vogue .	comp_adj	3363
The reflective surfaces make the spaces appear large and bring the outdoors in .	The reflective surfaces make the spaces appear larger and bring the outdoors in .	comp_adj	3364
In Montgomery , it takes a score of 90 or high .	In Montgomery , it takes a score of 90 or higher .	comp_adj	3365
You know , being able to think about things in a big way .	You know , being able to think about things in a bigger way .	comp_adj	3366
However , Syse proposed that cervical and testicular cancers mostly affect young people .	However , Syse proposed that cervical and testicular cancers mostly affect younger people .	comp_adj	3367
Old men seemed most affected .	Older men seemed most affected .	comp_adj	3368
Long lights have also contributed to the backup .	Longer lights have also contributed to the backup .	comp_adj	3369
This phenomenon also is expected by many to ripple into the broad economy .	This phenomenon also is expected by many to ripple into the broader economy .	comp_adj	3370
New mines probably would produce a great amount , he said .	New mines probably would produce a greater amount , he said .	comp_adj	3371
He is one of a small , select group interested in large issues .	He is one of a small , select group interested in larger issues .	comp_adj	3372
Old now , I would not have told him .	Older now , I would not have told him .	comp_adj	3373
But the problems run deep .	But the problems run deeper .	comp_adj	3374
Healthy options include grilled steak , baked chicken and steamed vegetables .	Healthier options include grilled steak , baked chicken and steamed vegetables .	comp_adj	3375
But beyond these high-profile signals of discord , deep worries lurk .	But beyond these high-profile signals of discord , deeper worries lurk .	comp_adj	3376
Many old devices were often viewed as cumbersome and unsightly .	Many older devices were often viewed as cumbersome and unsightly .	comp_adj	3377
Some drugmakers are promoting wide testing because it could boost cholesterol pill sales .	Some drugmakers are promoting wider testing because it could boost cholesterol pill sales .	comp_adj	3378
At other times it can end up close to madness .	At other times it can end up closer to madness .	comp_adj	3379
Only Baltimore 's was low .	Only Baltimore 's was lower .	comp_adj	3380
Panpsychism may be easy to parody than to refute .	Panpsychism may be easier to parody than to refute .	comp_adj	3381
On Sunday night , then , the good team won .	On Sunday night , then , the better team won .	comp_adj	3382
He is way more consistent and mentally I think he is also strong .	He is way more consistent and mentally I think he is also stronger .	comp_adj	3383
Some young and more-religious Jews have also embraced Republican ideals .	Some younger and more-religious Jews have also embraced Republican ideals .	comp_adj	3384
Stanley McArdle rose to flag rank from the low deck .	Stanley McArdle rose to flag rank from the lower deck .	comp_adj	3385
The push for a large tush is a rare one , indeed .	The push for a larger tush is a rare one , indeed .	comp_adj	3386
Islamic scholars recommended harsh punishment .	Islamic scholars recommended harsher punishment .	comp_adj	3387
For new novels , Sony 's library has 20,000 titles .	For newer novels , Sony 's library has 20,000 titles .	comp_adj	3388
So think big .	So think bigger .	comp_adj	3389
The other is significantly small .	The other is significantly smaller .	comp_adj	3390
Small parties are also getting in on the act .	Smaller parties are also getting in on the act .	comp_adj	3391
There were plenty of small ones as well .	There were plenty of smaller ones as well .	comp_adj	3392
Big droplets will not get carried away in the wind .	Bigger droplets will not get carried away in the wind .	comp_adj	3393
It also turned out to be cheap , Dr. Olumese said .	It also turned out to be cheaper , Dr. Olumese said .	comp_adj	3394
The findings also indicated that young men were more open-minded .	The findings also indicated that younger men were more open-minded .	comp_adj	3395
Still , those decisions are guided by large mind-sets .	Still , those decisions are guided by larger mind-sets .	comp_adj	3396
Louisiana leaders designed a homeowner grant program that is far broad .	Louisiana leaders designed a homeowner grant program that is far broader .	comp_adj	3397
High jet fuel costs are already restraining airline earnings .	Higher jet fuel costs are already restraining airline earnings .	comp_adj	3398
Caesar had a good fate at the hands of Cassius and Brutus .	Caesar had a better fate at the hands of Cassius and Brutus .	comp_adj	3399
Sabathia learned to take good care of himself .	Sabathia learned to take better care of himself .	comp_adj	3400
There have bad starts , of course .	There have worse starts , of course .	comp_adj	3401
A 30 GB Nano is what is needed ( or high ) .	A 30 GB Nano is what is needed ( or higher ) .	comp_adj	3402
But both said the good team won on the night .	But both said the better team won on the night .	comp_adj	3403
We just need to do a good job .	We just need to do a better job .	comp_adj	3404
Second , read the label , and seek healthy choices .	Second , read the label , and seek healthier choices .	comp_adj	3405
Isn 't there a good way for women to show their superiority ?	Isn 't there a better way for women to show their superiority ?	comp_adj	3406
" My kids are kind to each other , " Ms. Tuttle said .	" My kids are kinder to each other , " Ms. Tuttle said .	comp_adj	3407
Several subcontractors have filed small liens .	Several subcontractors have filed smaller liens .	comp_adj	3408
But the celebrations also highlight an issue looming ever large for Japanese society .	But the celebrations also highlight an issue looming ever larger for Japanese society .	comp_adj	3409
Mrs Clinton has the large following among the middle-aged , particularly middle-aged women .	Mrs Clinton has the larger following among the middle-aged , particularly middle-aged women .	comp_adj	3410
Pink 's duality is of the opposite kind .	Pinker 's duality is of the opposite kind .	comp_adj	3411
But the border has remained closed to old cattle until now .	But the border has remained closed to older cattle until now .	comp_adj	3412
Mostly , it is actors who get small roles on soaps .	Mostly , it is actors who get smaller roles on soaps .	comp_adj	3413
Any alternative would be bad for everybody .	Any alternative would be worse for everybody .	comp_adj	3414
Strong GM commitment to keep future vehicle projects in U.S. factories .	Stronger GM commitment to keep future vehicle projects in U.S. factories .	comp_adj	3415
A Category 1 hurricane has winds of 74 mph or great .	A Category 1 hurricane has winds of 74 mph or greater .	comp_adj	3416
" " High education is not necessarily a college degree .	" " Higher education is not necessarily a college degree .	comp_adj	3417
But I believe we would benefit from a close relationship .	But I believe we would benefit from a closer relationship .	comp_adj	3418
All this going on is supportive of high gold prices .	All this going on is supportive of higher gold prices .	comp_adj	3419
She tells him that she is in a good place .	She tells him that she is in a better place .	comp_adj	3420
It offers a good chance of the coherence necessary to develop team spirit .	It offers a better chance of the coherence necessary to develop team spirit .	comp_adj	3421
They were also at great risk of food allergies .	They were also at greater risk of food allergies .	comp_adj	3422
There are few rich nature spots in the whole of Britain .	There are few richer nature spots in the whole of Britain .	comp_adj	3423
The house they are buying will have gotten cheap , too .	The house they are buying will have gotten cheaper , too .	comp_adj	3424
The fish were biting good today .	The fish were biting better today .	comp_adj	3425
The ministers also called for good strategies to reduce non-communicable diseases .	The ministers also called for better strategies to reduce non-communicable diseases .	comp_adj	3426
We are old ; our hair turns gray .	We are older ; our hair turns gray .	comp_adj	3427
He eventually pleaded no contest to the little charge of reckless driving .	He eventually pleaded no contest to the lesser charge of reckless driving .	comp_adj	3428
The good league won .	The better league won .	comp_adj	3429
" When I was young I was more hopeful , " she said .	" When I was younger I was more hopeful , " she said .	comp_adj	3430
Check qualifications Their argument also works on a big map .	Check qualifications Their argument also works on a bigger map .	comp_adj	3431
The future may belong to small , more nimble organizations .	The future may belong to smaller , more nimble organizations .	comp_adj	3432
Hopefully next year we turn around and do a good job .	Hopefully next year we turn around and do a better job .	comp_adj	3433
The old lady sat up straight .	The old lady sat up straighter .	comp_adj	3434
3 Consumers are going to feel poor .	3 Consumers are going to feel poorer .	comp_adj	3435
The slide in yields also has worrisome implications for the broad economy .	The slide in yields also has worrisome implications for the broader economy .	comp_adj	3436
Diplomats and activists say the number killed was many times high .	Diplomats and activists say the number killed was many times higher .	comp_adj	3437
The absent possessions bring the ache of big losses .	The absent possessions bring the ache of bigger losses .	comp_adj	3438
He had promised workers high wages and social security .	He had promised workers higher wages and social security .	comp_adj	3439
Reminders can serve as guideposts to healthy behavior .	Reminders can serve as guideposts to healthier behavior .	comp_adj	3440
We just have to do a good job of executing on both ends .	We just have to do a better job of executing on both ends .	comp_adj	3441
When I was young I was hot headed and got tickets .	When I was younger I was hot headed and got tickets .	comp_adj	3442
Old demand generation applications require significant up-front investment , integration , and training .	Older demand generation applications require significant up-front investment , integration , and training .	comp_adj	3443
The old Bush blamed you in part for his defeat .	The elder Bush blamed you in part for his defeat .	comp_adj	3444
The second involves a long view .	The second involves a longer view .	comp_adj	3445
Nicholson says the long-term goal is rich , real-time adaptation .	Nicholson says the long-term goal is richer , real-time adaptation .	comp_adj	3446
These estimates are high that of the campaign group , Iraq Body Count .	These estimates are higher that of the campaign group , Iraq Body Count .	comp_adj	3447
I think we would be close to Harvey Pekar and Joyce .	I think we would be closer to Harvey Pekar and Joyce .	comp_adj	3448
Low peel into glass to make a kind of cup .	Lower peel into glass to make a kind of cup .	comp_adj	3449
In the meantime conditions grew bad .	In the meantime conditions grew worse .	comp_adj	3450
Disruptions and inconveniences were easy to track .	Disruptions and inconveniences were easier to track .	comp_adj	3451
Tough to endure were their father 's muscle spasms , nightmares and flashbacks .	Tougher to endure were their father 's muscle spasms , nightmares and flashbacks .	comp_adj	3452
Those who took extra end-of-year tests achieved bad results .	Those who took extra end-of-year tests achieved worse results .	comp_adj	3453
For several businesses and residents , the consequences are bad .	For several businesses and residents , the consequences are worse .	comp_adj	3454
Cheap goods It dealt with his life before he went to prison .	Cheaper goods It dealt with his life before he went to prison .	comp_adj	3455
Hillary Clinton may be close to the ideal .	Hillary Clinton may be closer to the ideal .	comp_adj	3456
" We are not searching for a good Saakashvili , " he says .	" We are not searching for a better Saakashvili , " he says .	comp_adj	3457
Sampling error for data from sub-samples is high and varies .	Sampling error for data from sub-samples is higher and varies .	comp_adj	3458
The truth was bad and much more painful .	The truth was worse and much more painful .	comp_adj	3459
He could not ask for a good keeper on the bench .	He could not ask for a better keeper on the bench .	comp_adj	3460
Indeed , previous treaties had a great impact on Britain .	Indeed , previous treaties had a greater impact on Britain .	comp_adj	3461
Bad was to come .	Worse was to come .	comp_adj	3462
Young finished 12-of-25 for 117 yards .	Younger finished 12-of-25 for 117 yards .	comp_adj	3463
You , and they , will be a lot happy that way .	You , and they , will be a lot happier that way .	comp_adj	3464
The competition within the world of English-language high education is growing increasingly intense .	The competition within the world of English-language higher education is growing increasingly intense .	comp_adj	3465
About SeLoger.com The broad issue is whether political reconciliation is possible .	About SeLoger.com The broader issue is whether political reconciliation is possible .	comp_adj	3466
The exotic is close to home .	The exotic is closer to home .	comp_adj	3467
Ms. Choi would have preferred living high in the mountains .	Ms. Choi would have preferred living higher in the mountains .	comp_adj	3468
He has been there long and more often than the other leading candidates .	He has been there longer and more often than the other leading candidates .	comp_adj	3469
Some small airlines will likely stick with paper ticketing , for now .	Some smaller airlines will likely stick with paper ticketing , for now .	comp_adj	3470
After close inspection , he believed he found a new photo of Lincoln .	After closer inspection , he believed he found a new photo of Lincoln .	comp_adj	3471
It would be easy with a small car .	It would be easier with a small car .	comp_adj	3472
I remember the resolutions I made when I was young .	I remember the resolutions I made when I was younger .	comp_adj	3473
The brave pigs press their snouts against my feet and ankles .	The braver pigs press their snouts against my feet and ankles .	comp_adj	3474
A small number think bad cooking or refusing sex are reasons enough .	A smaller number think bad cooking or refusing sex are reasons enough .	comp_adj	3475
Large deals between governments have been taking place .	Larger deals between governments have been taking place .	comp_adj	3476
The large , called " Salsal , " rose to 180 feet .	The larger , called " Salsal , " rose to 180 feet .	comp_adj	3477
Now the first of the small crops are mature enough to sell .	Now the first of the smaller crops are mature enough to sell .	comp_adj	3478
But the forecast could be good long term as well .	But the forecast could be good longer term as well .	comp_adj	3479
SOURCE The Hershey Company Size : Can grow to 150ft or high .	SOURCE The Hershey Company Size : Can grow to 150ft or higher .	comp_adj	3480
The technology exists to make people safe today .	The technology exists to make people safer today .	comp_adj	3481
" The conditions are different here , slow , " Federer said .	" The conditions are different here , slower , " Federer said .	comp_adj	3482
Death From All Sides Credit offers good rewards .	Death From All Sides Credit offers better rewards .	comp_adj	3483
" We are looking for a safe car , " Mrs. Erickson said .	" We are looking for a safer car , " Mrs. Erickson said .	comp_adj	3484
The new cases raise fears of a wide outbreak .	The new cases raise fears of a wider outbreak .	comp_adj	3485
When he was young , Noel could walk and ride a bike .	When he was younger , Noel could walk and ride a bike .	comp_adj	3486
T-shirts and other thin items can be stacked three to five high .	T-shirts and other thinner items can be stacked three to five high .	comp_adj	3487
They are also doing a good job of minimizing mistakes .	They are also doing a better job of minimizing mistakes .	comp_adj	3488
Of course , a 20-year-old can be in good shape then a 40-year-old .	Of course , a 20-year-old can be in better shape then a 40-year-old .	comp_adj	3489
It is a gentle way .	It is a gentler way .	comp_adj	3490
... This is a good match for us .	... This is a better match for us .	comp_adj	3491
And FiveDayWeekend.org will remain online as a beacon for a good tomorrow .	And FiveDayWeekend.org will remain online as a beacon for a better tomorrow .	comp_adj	3492
This decrease was partially offset by high sales volumes .	This decrease was partially offset by higher sales volumes .	comp_adj	3493
Would Ben have made a good Patrick Kenzie ?	Would Ben have made a better Patrick Kenzie ?	comp_adj	3494
What do most Americans picture when they think of a game ?	What do most Americans picture when they think of a gamer ?	comp_adj	3495
I myself am drawn to short narratives .	I myself am drawn to shorter narratives .	comp_adj	3496
Large companies will have tools to help you narrow your search .	Larger companies will have tools to help you narrow your search .	comp_adj	3497
These high LIBOR interest rates have persisted to date in October 2007 .	These higher LIBOR interest rates have persisted to date in October 2007 .	comp_adj	3498
Maybe voters will be left hungry for something more .	Maybe voters will be left hungrier for something more .	comp_adj	3499
The arranged marriages often involve underage girls and old men .	The arranged marriages often involve underage girls and older men .	comp_adj	3500
Green Bay certainly has one of the good defenses around .	Green Bay certainly has one of the better defenses around .	comp_adj	3501
Under American tutelage , the military has gotten fat and more ham-fisted .	Under American tutelage , the military has gotten fatter and more ham-fisted .	comp_adj	3502
Some are harsh .	Some are harsher .	comp_adj	3503
Not all old homes have been razed , of course .	Not all older homes have been razed , of course .	comp_adj	3504
All those shareholders have been seeking a high bid .	All those shareholders have been seeking a higher bid .	comp_adj	3505
" They could be making policies about good stuff , " Shah said .	" They could be making policies about better stuff , " Shah said .	comp_adj	3506
Successful Greeks have been leaving for leafy locales .	Successful Greeks have been leaving for leafier locales .	comp_adj	3507
Pressure to teach creationism is weak in Europe , but has been mounting .	Pressure to teach creationism is weaker in Europe , but has been mounting .	comp_adj	3508
We have had legendary figures dying on us but at an old age .	We have had legendary figures dying on us but at an older age .	comp_adj	3509
The line is fuzzy when it comes to locally funded benefits .	The line is fuzzier when it comes to locally funded benefits .	comp_adj	3510
Young performers were more reverent toward the songs .	Younger performers were more reverent toward the songs .	comp_adj	3511
The withdrawal does not affect medicines intended for children ages 2 and old .	The withdrawal does not affect medicines intended for children ages 2 and older .	comp_adj	3512
She is wise and is always looking to expand her game .	She is wiser and is always looking to expand her game .	comp_adj	3513
" There may be a good mousetrap out there , " Middleton said .	" There may be a better mousetrap out there , " Middleton said .	comp_adj	3514
Such Is Life Travelers can expect high room rates .	Such Is Life Travelers can expect higher room rates .	comp_adj	3515
Rivers is hopeful that the three stars get a good nickname .	Rivers is hopeful that the three stars get a better nickname .	comp_adj	3516
Seriously boys , it might be safe .	Seriously boys , it might be safer .	comp_adj	3517
But there are big fish to fry in today 's Times .	But there are bigger fish to fry in today 's Times .	comp_adj	3518
Teacher-led cheating is less pervasive but easy to detect .	Teacher-led cheating is less pervasive but easier to detect .	comp_adj	3519
To this end , Pakistan should allow great U.S. access to the region .	To this end , Pakistan should allow greater U.S. access to the region .	comp_adj	3520
Other spinoffs are hard to identify , and their economic effects are debatable .	Other spinoffs are harder to identify , and their economic effects are debatable .	comp_adj	3521
Thrun proposed a man-versus-machine race that required more-difficult maneuvers at high speeds .	Thrun proposed a man-versus-machine race that required more-difficult maneuvers at higher speeds .	comp_adj	3522
Some cities saw steep declines of almost 8 percent .	Some cities saw steeper declines of almost 8 percent .	comp_adj	3523
No , Harris 's real crime is bad .	No , Harris 's real crime is worse .	comp_adj	3524
Western governments say the real toll is probably far high .	Western governments say the real toll is probably far higher .	comp_adj	3525
Even the lowly posts in provinces free of poppy traffic have a price .	Even the lowlier posts in provinces free of poppy traffic have a price .	comp_adj	3526
In addition to stocking pricey brands , he stopped sales of 40-ounce beers .	In addition to stocking pricier brands , he stopped sales of 40-ounce beers .	comp_adj	3527
What would our - would we be safe ?	What would our - would we be safer ?	comp_adj	3528
Can they be improved to give the England players a good chance ?	Can they be improved to give the England players a better chance ?	comp_adj	3529
That was a statement of his determination to lead a green government .	That was a statement of his determination to lead a greener government .	comp_adj	3530
If it is after the fact , it is hard to help them .	If it is after the fact , it is harder to help them .	comp_adj	3531
He also restated his call to allow the long detention of terror suspects .	He also restated his call to allow the longer detention of terror suspects .	comp_adj	3532
But he knows that other middle-class families have it bad .	But he knows that other middle-class families have it worse .	comp_adj	3533
I just felt that this presented a good opportunity .	I just felt that this presented a better opportunity .	comp_adj	3534
We have got to look at the big picture .	We have got to look at the bigger picture .	comp_adj	3535
He saw her low lip tremble .	He saw her lower lip tremble .	comp_adj	3536
Hidden forms are always bad .	Hidden forms are always worse .	comp_adj	3537
In the European context , only Irish women fare bad .	In the European context , only Irish women fare worse .	comp_adj	3538
" We can be young , " General Manager Tim Purpura said .	" We can be younger , " General Manager Tim Purpura said .	comp_adj	3539
You cannot fight it ; bad , you are compelled against your will .	You cannot fight it ; worse , you are compelled against your will .	comp_adj	3540
Shannon faced long odds just making it to the sideline .	Shannon faced longer odds just making it to the sideline .	comp_adj	3541
Some conservatives in the administration had also pushed for the broad declaration .	Some conservatives in the administration had also pushed for the broader declaration .	comp_adj	3542
( 2 ) Spa visits are cheap on port days .	( 2 ) Spa visits are cheaper on port days .	comp_adj	3543
Ken Griffey Jr. left the game with a low abdominal strain .	Ken Griffey Jr. left the game with a lower abdominal strain .	comp_adj	3544
The small 757 , 767 and 777 are favored by the dealmakers .	The smaller 757 , 767 and 777 are favored by the dealmakers .	comp_adj	3545
European markets moved low .	European markets moved lower .	comp_adj	3546
Employers will find it easy to resist wage rise demands .	Employers will find it easier to resist wage rise demands .	comp_adj	3547
We all deserve good leaders !	We all deserve better leaders !	comp_adj	3548
Simple to do a spiritual detox .	Simpler to do a spiritual detox .	comp_adj	3549
They might get a quick return from gold or uranium .	They might get a quicker return from gold or uranium .	comp_adj	3550
Holliday would have to go 0-for-5 or bad Monday to lose the title .	Holliday would have to go 0-for-5 or worse Monday to lose the title .	comp_adj	3551
Innocence has a plain face .	Innocence has a plainer face .	comp_adj	3552
He is in a good position now .	He is in a better position now .	comp_adj	3553
In the long term however , Dolby is the cheap option .	In the long term however , Dolby is the cheaper option .	comp_adj	3554
His core audience is old , affluent and likely to rejoin the I-man .	His core audience is older , affluent and likely to rejoin the I-man .	comp_adj	3555
In return , MiFID puts great responsibility on trading bodies .	In return , MiFID puts greater responsibility on trading bodies .	comp_adj	3556
Obese and overweight pets are at great risk of developing Type 2 diabetes .	Obese and overweight pets are at greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes .	comp_adj	3557
Yet could strict rules have better reined in Northern Rock ?	Yet could stricter rules have better reined in Northern Rock ?	comp_adj	3558
Old and existing stations are powered by costly and environmentally damaging fuel shipments .	Older and existing stations are powered by costly and environmentally damaging fuel shipments .	comp_adj	3559
Stocks of Wall Street firms , proxies for the broad economy , plummeted .	Stocks of Wall Street firms , proxies for the broader economy , plummeted .	comp_adj	3560
Petraeus Briefs Britain on Iraq Progress But the old ones are just gone .	Petraeus Briefs Britain on Iraq Progress But the older ones are just gone .	comp_adj	3561
Size : Will grow up to 30ft in warm climates with good shelter .	Size : Will grow up to 30ft in warmer climates with good shelter .	comp_adj	3562
And the stakes have rarely been high .	And the stakes have rarely been higher .	comp_adj	3563
I am happy to see young women directors coming through at last .	I am happy to see younger women directors coming through at last .	comp_adj	3564
Number two is high oil prices .	Number two is higher oil prices .	comp_adj	3565
Productivity growth , although slow of late , has been strong since 2000 .	Productivity growth , although slower of late , has been strong since 2000 .	comp_adj	3566
It is a deep ache that pains her .	It is a deeper ache that pains her .	comp_adj	3567
