Ms Bhutto said that she expected more attacks on her by pro-Taleban militants .	Ms Bhutto asked if she expected more attacks on her by pro-Taleban militants .	that_if	0
Sarkozy says that civil servants who retire will not be replaced .	Sarkozy asks if civil servants who retire will not be replaced .	that_if	1
Sergeant Reid said that Marquise was a good student and was well liked .	Sergeant Reid asked if Marquise was a good student and was well liked .	that_if	2
Gravel says that he absolutely must focus now on his briefing papers .	Gravel asks if he absolutely must focus now on his briefing papers .	that_if	3
, said that he was running next to Shay when he stopped .	, asked if he was running next to Shay when he stopped .	that_if	4
Mr Makin said that the two sides had investigated potential competition issues .	Mr Makin asked if the two sides had investigated potential competition issues .	that_if	5
Other analysts said that figure seemed reasonable .	Other analysts asked if figure seemed reasonable .	that_if	6
One Air Force official said that he could not recall anything similar happening .	One Air Force official asked if he could not recall anything similar happening .	that_if	7
I say that baseball is lucky the games are too late for kids .	I ask if baseball is lucky the games are too late for kids .	that_if	8
Israeli officials had earlier said that Olmert would refuse such a gesture .	Israeli officials had earlier asked if Olmert would refuse such a gesture .	that_if	9
White , a convicted felon , has said that Washington fired without provocation .	White , a convicted felon , has asked if Washington fired without provocation .	that_if	10
Prison sources said that the jail did not know of the outstanding warrant .	Prison sources asked if the jail did not know of the outstanding warrant .	that_if	11
Williams said that selflessness has allowed the line to grow closer .	Williams asked if selflessness has allowed the line to grow closer .	that_if	12
The textbooks say that diversity is important , she says .	The textbooks ask if diversity is important , she says .	that_if	13
But Turkish officials say that recent diplomatic efforts have failed .	But Turkish officials ask if recent diplomatic efforts have failed .	that_if	14
The officer said that I was O.K. I said yes .	The officer asked if I was O.K. I said yes .	that_if	15
But many others said that Mrs. Clinton 's words had inspired them .	But many others asked if Mrs. Clinton 's words had inspired them .	that_if	16
Ms Ruane said that Nipsa should consult with their members on the offer .	Ms Ruane asked if Nipsa should consult with their members on the offer .	that_if	17
Local residents say that Sir Paul is not mobbed during his visits .	Local residents ask if Sir Paul is not mobbed during his visits .	that_if	18
Many will say that scientific techniques could not be used to establish forgeries .	Many will ask whether scientific techniques could not be used to establish forgeries .	that_if	19
Dervis said that the review will only cover Shkurtaj 's case .	Dervis asked if the review will only cover Shkurtaj 's case .	that_if	20
Student leaders say that will keep the poor out of college .	Student leaders ask if will keep the poor out of college .	that_if	21
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness said that it would be an incredible event .	Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness asked if it would be an incredible event .	that_if	22
Mr Rigg also said that the improvements had been acknowledged by residents .	Mr Rigg also asked if the improvements had been acknowledged by residents .	that_if	23
She said that any hearing would be political and anti-Semitic .	She asked if any hearing would be political and anti-Semitic .	that_if	24
The parents said that they were bitterly disappointed with the sentence .	The parents asked if they were bitterly disappointed with the sentence .	that_if	25
Turkey , however , has said that no strikes are imminent .	Turkey , however , has asked if no strikes are imminent .	that_if	26
The family said that the failures contributed to his death .	The family asked if the failures contributed to his death .	that_if	27
Syse said that her study was good news for some cancer patients .	Syse asked if her study was good news for some cancer patients .	that_if	28
Mr. Kenig said that stores are where he does research .	Mr. Kenig asked if stores are where he does research .	that_if	29
Simley says that Wal-Mart will appeal the $ 172 million California verdict .	Simley asks if Wal-Mart will appeal the $ 172 million California verdict .	that_if	30
But some parents said that they are not convinced that action is needed .	But some parents asked if they are not convinced that action is needed .	that_if	31
The dictionary says that a dame is a woman of value or distinction .	The dictionary asks if a dame is a woman of value or distinction .	that_if	32
" Mr Enderlin says that the whole case is a " smear campaign .	" Mr Enderlin asks if the whole case is a " smear campaign .	that_if	33
She said that her group had used rocks to make some traps inoperable .	She asked if her group had used rocks to make some traps inoperable .	that_if	34
She is even said that these lobbyists represent real Americans .	She is even asked if these lobbyists represent real Americans .	that_if	35
Ancelotti even says that Milan 's title chances are not dead yet .	Ancelotti even asks if Milan 's title chances are not dead yet .	that_if	36
Royal officials say that the prince had no knowledge of the shooting .	Royal officials ask if the prince had no knowledge of the shooting .	that_if	37
People close to Craig said that means until the judge rules .	People close to Craig asked if means until the judge rules .	that_if	38
Investigators say that there could be more victims .	Investigators ask if there could be more victims .	that_if	39
He said that youth and nervousness had contributed to Hamilton 's difficulties .	He asked if youth and nervousness had contributed to Hamilton 's difficulties .	that_if	40
A spokesman said that BBC News would continue to cover important stories .	A spokesman asked if BBC News would continue to cover important stories .	that_if	41
Mitt Romney says that experience is why he detests " gotcha " journalism .	Mitt Romney asks if experience is why he detests " gotcha " journalism .	that_if	42
Haya said that she was honoured to accept the responsibility .	Haya asked if she was honoured to accept the responsibility .	that_if	43
Those against the damages changes say that they encourage infringement .	Those against the damages changes ask if they encourage infringement .	that_if	44
She says that she saw two wounds that were bleeding profusely .	She asks if she saw two wounds that were bleeding profusely .	that_if	45
" I would say that we are still learning , " he said .	" I would ask if we are still learning , " he said .	that_if	46
He recently said that voters like characters in politics .	He recently asked if voters like characters in politics .	that_if	47
But sources say that potential buyers have already been identified .	But sources ask if potential buyers have already been identified .	that_if	48
Mr Bakir said that economic sanctions were not the right move .	Mr Bakir asked if economic sanctions were not the right move .	that_if	49
And let me also say that there are some myths about SCHIP .	And let me also ask if there are some myths about SCHIP .	that_if	50
But the Tories and Liberal Democrats said that his position was untenable .	But the Tories and Liberal Democrats asked if his position was untenable .	that_if	51
But the NLD said that the general had yet to make any contact .	But the NLD asked if the general had yet to make any contact .	that_if	52
Security experts say that RBN provides " bulletproof " Web sites to criminals .	Security experts ask if RBN provides " bulletproof " Web sites to criminals .	that_if	53
But he says that he was never much of a lefty .	But he asks if he was never much of a lefty .	that_if	54
He says that 14 people were not allowed back last year .	He asks if 14 people were not allowed back last year .	that_if	55
But family and friends say that what happened was out of character .	But family and friends ask if what happened was out of character .	that_if	56
Mr. Glickman said that both men lived modestly .	Mr. Glickman asked if both men lived modestly .	that_if	57
She said that he was certified .	She asked whether he was certified .	that_if	58
A motorist stopped around 7 p.m. and said that they were stranded .	A motorist stopped around 7 p.m. and asked if they were stranded .	that_if	59
We say that a lot .	We ask if a lot .	that_if	60
He said that both could be released as early as Wednesday .	He asked if both could be released as early as Wednesday .	that_if	61
Prosecutors say that she helped dispose of Davis 's body .	Prosecutors ask if she helped dispose of Davis 's body .	that_if	62
Officials said that some of the birds appeared to have died in mid-air .	Officials asked if some of the birds appeared to have died in mid-air .	that_if	63
Doctor James Butler says that the pigs could also spread disease .	Doctor James Butler asks if the pigs could also spread disease .	that_if	64
b Afridi The White House has said that omission is a deal killer .	b Afridi The White House has asked if omission is a deal killer .	that_if	65
A pathologist says that the exhumed body shows signs of murder .	A pathologist asks if the exhumed body shows signs of murder .	that_if	66
I said that I am in favor of doing something about the AMT .	I asked if I am in favor of doing something about the AMT .	that_if	67
Mr. Walker said that the arrangement would not increase Magna 's operating costs .	Mr. Walker asked if the arrangement would not increase Magna 's operating costs .	that_if	68
Some observers have said that Jiang still held sway over crucial choices .	Some observers have asked if Jiang still held sway over crucial choices .	that_if	69
Aberdeen Coastguard said that the alarm was raised by a fellow fisherman .	Aberdeen Coastguard asked if the alarm was raised by a fellow fisherman .	that_if	70
He said that he had resigned for unspecified health reasons .	He asked if he had resigned for unspecified health reasons .	that_if	71
I would say that generally , most of our patients do not work .	I would ask if generally , most of our patients do not work .	that_if	72
Many Virginia Indians now say that what they feel most strongly is conflicted .	Many Virginia Indians now ask if what they feel most strongly is conflicted .	that_if	73
The company 's critics said that the bankruptcy filing was expected .	The company 's critics asked if the bankruptcy filing was expected .	that_if	74
They said that decision had been left to the courts .	They asked if decision had been left to the courts .	that_if	75
Some said that there was not enough equipment made available early enough .	Some asked if there was not enough equipment made available early enough .	that_if	76
State TV said that the clash involved Juventus fans .	State TV asked if the clash involved Juventus fans .	that_if	77
I always say that our lives should be our blessings , our prayers .	I always ask if our lives should be our blessings , our prayers .	that_if	78
But Carless says that he is confident that they received honest responses .	But Carless asks if he is confident that they received honest responses .	that_if	79
Everyone says that something must be done , but what ?	Everyone asks if something must be done , but what ?	that_if	80
I will say that Juan has a multiyear deal with us .	I will ask if Juan has a multiyear deal with us .	that_if	81
On Monday , he said that he had resigned for unspecified health reasons .	On Monday , he asked if he had resigned for unspecified health reasons .	that_if	82
Credit-card companies say that they put a heavy emphasis on financial literacy .	Credit-card companies ask if they put a heavy emphasis on financial literacy .	that_if	83
Wood said that a threat to the integrity of tennis existed .	Wood asked if a threat to the integrity of tennis existed .	that_if	84
Mr. Yu said that China has become less attractive to speculators .	Mr. Yu asked if China has become less attractive to speculators .	that_if	85
He said that no documents had been exchanged .	He asked if no documents had been exchanged .	that_if	86
You can say that again , Michael .	You can ask if again , Michael .	that_if	87
Hillary says that her program would provide " universal " coverage for all .	Hillary asks if her program would provide " universal " coverage for all .	that_if	88
Many legal experts say that trend is likely to continue .	Many legal experts ask if trend is likely to continue .	that_if	89
You can say that again , Mrs. President-Elect .	You can ask if again , Mrs. President-Elect .	that_if	90
Some farmers might say that they are being shafted .	Some farmers might ask if they are being shafted .	that_if	91
Mr Flounders said that affected passengers would not be recompensed .	Mr Flounders asked if affected passengers would not be recompensed .	that_if	92
He also said that Nokia was very happy with its partnership with Symbian .	He also asked if Nokia was very happy with its partnership with Symbian .	that_if	93
Diplomats and dissidents say that the death toll is much higher .	Diplomats and dissidents ask if the death toll is much higher .	that_if	94
Neighbors said that Ms. Bryant had two children and five grandchildren .	Neighbors asked if Ms. Bryant had two children and five grandchildren .	that_if	95
Barclays said that it was inappropriate for them to comment during an investigation .	Barclays asked if it was inappropriate for them to comment during an investigation .	that_if	96
Interpol said that more than 350 people supplied tips to authorities worldwide .	Interpol asked if more than 350 people supplied tips to authorities worldwide .	that_if	97
He said that momentum would be a key to winning a second championship .	He asked if momentum would be a key to winning a second championship .	that_if	98
They said that 46,000 online applications had been processed since 1 September .	They asked if 46,000 online applications had been processed since 1 September .	that_if	99
We have said that we do not need the merger to go forward .	We have asked if we do not need the merger to go forward .	that_if	100
When the wing says that he has been blessed , he means it .	When the wing asks if he has been blessed , he means it .	that_if	101
The agent says that the others have mostly sold to retirees .	The agent asks if the others have mostly sold to retirees .	that_if	102
You could say that also sums up Iraq since 2003 .	You could ask if also sums up Iraq since 2003 .	that_if	103
Mr Bush says that he is committed to seeing a diplomatic resolution .	Mr Bush asks if he is committed to seeing a diplomatic resolution .	that_if	104
And they say that handbags are an easier option than buying clothes .	And they ask if handbags are an easier option than buying clothes .	that_if	105
Authorities said that the crater was made Saturday by a falling meteorite .	Authorities asked if the crater was made Saturday by a falling meteorite .	that_if	106
On Monday , Gettelfinger said that GM would not budge on the issue .	On Monday , Gettelfinger asked if GM would not budge on the issue .	that_if	107
The newcomers say that the giants are no longer innovative .	The newcomers ask if the giants are no longer innovative .	that_if	108
Mr Sloan said that Dixon had used four knives in total .	Mr Sloan asked if Dixon had used four knives in total .	that_if	109
He said that relationship building was crucial in order to eradicate firearms violence .	He asked if relationship building was crucial in order to eradicate firearms violence .	that_if	110
SEPA said that panels containing HCFCs should be sent for specialist treatment .	SEPA asked if panels containing HCFCs should be sent for specialist treatment .	that_if	111
Menino said that decision was made by the team .	Menino asked if decision was made by the team .	that_if	112
Callcredit said that it had received three times more calls than usual .	Callcredit asked if it had received three times more calls than usual .	that_if	113
Hauer , however , says that Giuliani was resurrected on 9 / 11 .	Hauer , however , asks if Giuliani was resurrected on 9 / 11 .	that_if	114
I always say that you have to build a springboard .	I always ask if you have to build a springboard .	that_if	115
No federal law says that employers must let moms pump at work .	No federal law asks if employers must let moms pump at work .	that_if	116
It said that Russell Reynolds Associates is searching for a replacement .	It asked if Russell Reynolds Associates is searching for a replacement .	that_if	117
As we pass my hotel Mom says that I am staying there .	As we pass my hotel Mom asks if I am staying there .	that_if	118
You might say that May has become a Rorschach of German identity .	You might ask if May has become a Rorschach of German identity .	that_if	119
She said that she was honored to get the endorsement .	She asked if she was honored to get the endorsement .	that_if	120
Australian physiotherapist Alex Kountouris said that Tait is injury was only minor .	Australian physiotherapist Alex Kountouris asked if Tait is injury was only minor .	that_if	121
She said that it would not happen in California .	She asked if it would not happen in California .	that_if	122
She said that she would not meet General Musharraf .	She asked if she would not meet General Musharraf .	that_if	123
She said that many herbal medicines have quietly been outlawed as well .	She asked if many herbal medicines have quietly been outlawed as well .	that_if	124
He said that identical material posted to his Sina blog was not blocked .	He asked if identical material posted to his Sina blog was not blocked .	that_if	125
Cheh said that Alexander and Bowser need to do more research .	Cheh asked if Alexander and Bowser need to do more research .	that_if	126
Columbia officials say that figure includes legal fees .	Columbia officials ask if figure includes legal fees .	that_if	127
Some witnesses say that Fatah partly provoked the violence .	Some witnesses ask if Fatah partly provoked the violence .	that_if	128
Roe said that this was a typical seasonal shift .	Roe asked if this was a typical seasonal shift .	that_if	129
She said that helps make sure parents are prepared .	She asked if helps make sure parents are prepared .	that_if	130
Blackwater and the US state department say that the convoy came under attack .	Blackwater and the US state department ask if the convoy came under attack .	that_if	131
Originally it had said that it would scale up to 15,000 a year .	Originally it had asked if it would scale up to 15,000 a year .	that_if	132
Ms. Dunn and Mr. Smith said that their permit cost $ 750 .	Ms. Dunn and Mr. Smith asked if their permit cost $ 750 .	that_if	133
General Petraeus ... says that the troops can start coming home next summer .	General Petraeus ... asks if the troops can start coming home next summer .	that_if	134
But the charity says that even selective immunisation is not carried out thoroughly .	But the charity asks if even selective immunisation is not carried out thoroughly .	that_if	135
They both said that it was love at first sight .	They both asked if it was love at first sight .	that_if	136
Dr. Mollenkopf said that many small- and medium-size cities are quite liberal .	Dr. Mollenkopf asked if many small- and medium-size cities are quite liberal .	that_if	137
But France 's defense minister said that his country 's intelligence indicates otherwise .	But France 's defense minister asked if his country 's intelligence indicates otherwise .	that_if	138
She said that the spirits still visit sometimes when she dances .	She asked if the spirits still visit sometimes when she dances .	that_if	139
He said that the election was still winnable .	He asked if the election was still winnable .	that_if	140
The ad says that BioStem will be acquired by Cryobanks International Inc .	The ad asks if BioStem will be acquired by Cryobanks International Inc .	that_if	141
He said that he would do so on a later date .	He asked if he would do so on a later date .	that_if	142
Meat Loaf 's website said that he performed in Newcastle despite feeling ill .	Meat Loaf 's website asked if he performed in Newcastle despite feeling ill .	that_if	143
But many market analysts say that will not be enough to restore confidence .	But many market analysts ask if will not be enough to restore confidence .	that_if	144
Finance minister P Chidambaram said that foreign investment was still welcome .	Finance minister P Chidambaram asked if foreign investment was still welcome .	that_if	145
Simpson has said that he was only reclaiming possessions that had been stolen .	Simpson has asked if he was only reclaiming possessions that had been stolen .	that_if	146
He said that his party would not accept an " unlawful " outcome .	He asked if his party would not accept an " unlawful " outcome .	that_if	147
Military officials say that lightly armed Afghan police officers need strengthening .	Military officials ask if lightly armed Afghan police officers need strengthening .	that_if	148
Police said that the cause of the fire was not known .	Police asked if the cause of the fire was not known .	that_if	149
My dad said that I was O.K. Analysts had expected a 700,000-barrel increase .	My dad asked if I was O.K. Analysts had expected a 700,000-barrel increase .	that_if	150
And I have said that many times .	And I have asked if many times .	that_if	151
The Burmese military junta said that nine people were killed in the unrest .	The Burmese military junta asked if nine people were killed in the unrest .	that_if	152
This week state officials said that one man had died .	This week state officials asked if one man had died .	that_if	153
Aguisn said that there is no indication of foul play .	Aguisn asked if there is no indication of foul play .	that_if	154
But one party source said that age was a factor in his leaving .	But one party source asked if age was a factor in his leaving .	that_if	155
However , aviation sources say that Project Lauren has run into problems .	However , aviation sources ask if Project Lauren has run into problems .	that_if	156
Mr. Hassmann said that the likelihood of risk from shock was extremely small .	Mr. Hassmann asked if the likelihood of risk from shock was extremely small .	that_if	157
It says that men also experience grief when the last child departs .	It asks if men also experience grief when the last child departs .	that_if	158
Novation said that there was no evidence that any underreporting was intentional .	Novation asked if there was no evidence that any underreporting was intentional .	that_if	159
Common sense says that you do .	Common sense asks if you do .	that_if	160
Trevor Phillips and the Chief Rabbi both say that multiculturalism has failed .	Trevor Phillips and the Chief Rabbi both ask if multiculturalism has failed .	that_if	161
A police spokeswoman said that investigations into the attack were continuing .	A police spokeswoman asked if investigations into the attack were continuing .	that_if	162
I said that he still considers himself a Republican .	I asked whether he still considers himself a Republican .	that_if	163
French officials said that Iraq was not even on their agenda .	French officials asked if Iraq was not even on their agenda .	that_if	164
Khun Sa had always said that there were plenty more like him .	Khun Sa had always asked if there were plenty more like him .	that_if	165
Rothwell said that minor strokes should now be classified as medical emergencies .	Rothwell asked if minor strokes should now be classified as medical emergencies .	that_if	166
He also says that he is misunderstood .	He also asks if he is misunderstood .	that_if	167
But defense witnesses said that Israeli intelligence was biased in such matters .	But defense witnesses asked if Israeli intelligence was biased in such matters .	that_if	168
Reid and other Democrats said that proposal does not go far enough .	Reid and other Democrats asked if proposal does not go far enough .	that_if	169
Green says that he has had only two concussions .	Green asks if he has had only two concussions .	that_if	170
You say that it is obvious that Henry V never said these words .	You ask if it is obvious that Henry V never said these words .	that_if	171
Mr. Godinez said that he did .	Mr. Godinez asked if he did .	that_if	172
Security experts say that RBN provides " bulletproof " websites to criminals .	Security experts ask if RBN provides " bulletproof " websites to criminals .	that_if	173
Wang said that he believed sanctions would not be helpful .	Wang asked if he believed sanctions would not be helpful .	that_if	174
Analysts said that his pre-budget was largely in line with market expectations .	Analysts asked if his pre-budget was largely in line with market expectations .	that_if	175
Mr McBride said that they were affectionate and loving parents .	Mr McBride asked if they were affectionate and loving parents .	that_if	176
Craig has since said that his guilty plea was a mistake .	Craig has since asked if his guilty plea was a mistake .	that_if	177
Mr Goose said that the DNA match was an exact one .	Mr Goose asked if the DNA match was an exact one .	that_if	178
All those teams say that they are not interested at this point .	All those teams ask if they are not interested at this point .	that_if	179
Officials said that such an increase was merely a hypothetical .	Officials asked if such an increase was merely a hypothetical .	that_if	180
Palestinians say that Israel must stop all settlement activity beyond its 1967 boundaries .	Palestinians ask if Israel must stop all settlement activity beyond its 1967 boundaries .	that_if	181
He said that he would collect witness statements to corroborate the charge .	He asked if he would collect witness statements to corroborate the charge .	that_if	182
Magistrate Malcolm Richardson said that he was seriously considering banning Cole from driving .	Magistrate Malcolm Richardson asked if he was seriously considering banning Cole from driving .	that_if	183
Police said that the Congolese man had been in Italy since 1988 .	Police asked if the Congolese man had been in Italy since 1988 .	that_if	184
She is already said that they can sleep in her room .	She is already asked if they can sleep in her room .	that_if	185
Condé Nast said that about 80 jobs would be eliminated as a result .	Condé Nast asked if about 80 jobs would be eliminated as a result .	that_if	186
Fenty has said that he plans to appeal to the Supreme Court .	Fenty has asked if he plans to appeal to the Supreme Court .	that_if	187
He said that about 2,000 people were still in detention .	He asked if about 2,000 people were still in detention .	that_if	188
The firm said that Mastercard remained the sole defendant in the lawsuit .	The firm asked if Mastercard remained the sole defendant in the lawsuit .	that_if	189
Many of the soldiers here today said that Thanksgiving meant football and beer .	Many of the soldiers here today asked if Thanksgiving meant football and beer .	that_if	190
But she says that the breathy baby-doll ?	But she asks if the breathy baby-doll ?	that_if	191
They both said that mail-forwarding arrangements should be made early .	They both asked if mail-forwarding arrangements should be made early .	that_if	192
A garda spokeswoman said that a post-mortem examination was being carried out today .	A garda spokeswoman asked if a post-mortem examination was being carried out today .	that_if	193
Many say that the business model is dead , or soon will be .	Many ask if the business model is dead , or soon will be .	that_if	194
But he said that there was still plenty of room to improve .	But he asked if there was still plenty of room to improve .	that_if	195
Growers say that seal sends a powerful message to consumers .	Growers ask if seal sends a powerful message to consumers .	that_if	196
He also said that he had not been affected by the altitude .	He also asked if he had not been affected by the altitude .	that_if	197
Aberdeenshire Council said that six pupils who witnessed the accident were receiving support .	Aberdeenshire Council asked if six pupils who witnessed the accident were receiving support .	that_if	198
Then he said that Joe had to autograph something for him .	Then he asked if Joe had to autograph something for him .	that_if	199
Petraeus said that al-Qaida 's fear of the councils was obvious .	Petraeus asked if al-Qaida 's fear of the councils was obvious .	that_if	200
Who says that only winners win ?	Who asks if only winners win ?	that_if	201
The National Weather Service said that winds will weaken Wednesday .	The National Weather Service asked if winds will weaken Wednesday .	that_if	202
She said that her building sold 80 percent of its apartments .	She asked if her building sold 80 percent of its apartments .	that_if	203
Defense attorneys also said that Nelthrope received a disability pension .	Defense attorneys also asked if Nelthrope received a disability pension .	that_if	204
Police say that the cardboard figures have helped cut crime in other areas .	Police ask if the cardboard figures have helped cut crime in other areas .	that_if	205
One reporter said that he would prefer there be no replay .	One reporter asked if he would prefer there be no replay .	that_if	206
, said that automatic toilets were invented to increase hygiene in public bathrooms .	, asked if automatic toilets were invented to increase hygiene in public bathrooms .	that_if	207
It said that Middle America deserved a car to smile about .	It asked if Middle America deserved a car to smile about .	that_if	208
However , senior managers said that they did not believe repairs were necessary .	However , senior managers asked if they did not believe repairs were necessary .	that_if	209
But he says that this baby was not cheap to grow .	But he asks if this baby was not cheap to grow .	that_if	210
Lyons said that officials have recovered the stolen weapons .	Lyons asked if officials have recovered the stolen weapons .	that_if	211
McCain said that perhaps they were all up past Thompson 's bedtime .	McCain asked if perhaps they were all up past Thompson 's bedtime .	that_if	212
General Musharraf said that the general election may be held on January 9th .	General Musharraf asked if the general election may be held on January 9th .	that_if	213
Nyishia said that sometime that evening , Mr. Calderon again began striking Quachaun .	Nyishia asked if sometime that evening , Mr. Calderon again began striking Quachaun .	that_if	214
Publicly , Syrian officials have said that Israeli jets hit an empty warehouse .	Publicly , Syrian officials have asked if Israeli jets hit an empty warehouse .	that_if	215
It is sometimes said that Jews were chosen to suffer .	It is sometimes asked if Jews were chosen to suffer .	that_if	216
Eight said that human factors were principally driving the rise .	Eight asked if human factors were principally driving the rise .	that_if	217
The People Power Party said that it would pardon them all .	The People Power Party asked if it would pardon them all .	that_if	218
Francona says that Talabani has a problem with the death penalty in general .	Francona asks if Talabani has a problem with the death penalty in general .	that_if	219
Lawyers also said that the ICO suffered from a lack of resources .	Lawyers also asked if the ICO suffered from a lack of resources .	that_if	220
American officials have said that no Americans were hurt .	American officials have asked if no Americans were hurt .	that_if	221
Another 31 per cent said that it makes no difference .	Another 31 per cent asked if it makes no difference .	that_if	222
Today , Wangchuck says that glacier is all but gone .	Today , Wangchuck asks if glacier is all but gone .	that_if	223
Botstein says that his fund-raising requires more than stroking graduates .	Botstein asks if his fund-raising requires more than stroking graduates .	that_if	224
French and Saunders have already said that their sketch-show format days are over .	French and Saunders have already asked if their sketch-show format days are over .	that_if	225
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said that the lawsuit had no merit .	A Merrill Lynch spokesman asked if the lawsuit had no merit .	that_if	226
They say that people want change .	They ask if people want change .	that_if	227
Ms Earley said that even this might be insufficient .	Ms Earley asked if even this might be insufficient .	that_if	228
No one has said that he is .	No one has asked if he is .	that_if	229
A senior police official said that they were detained for questioning .	A senior police official asked if they were detained for questioning .	that_if	230
He also said that the fighters there are not affiliated with al-Qaeda .	He also asked if the fighters there are not affiliated with al-Qaeda .	that_if	231
Police said that Miss Motylska worked at a cafe in the Harehills area .	Police asked if Miss Motylska worked at a cafe in the Harehills area .	that_if	232
" " People always say that we should keep going .	" " People always ask if we should keep going .	that_if	233
Hamas says that the meetings are pointless and that Israel is insincere .	Hamas asks if the meetings are pointless and that Israel is insincere .	that_if	234
Police said that some of the group had been wearing tracksuits .	Police asked if some of the group had been wearing tracksuits .	that_if	235
Rusbasan says that sales of Chapter 7 debt are growing .	Rusbasan asks if sales of Chapter 7 debt are growing .	that_if	236
And environmentalists say that the site cannot sustain so much housing .	And environmentalists ask if the site cannot sustain so much housing .	that_if	237
My 17-year old said that we would figure it out .	My 17-year old asked if we would figure it out .	that_if	238
She also said that she dreamed of having children .	She also asked if she dreamed of having children .	that_if	239
Viewers say that snipes and bugs are degrading their experience of watching television .	Viewers ask if snipes and bugs are degrading their experience of watching television .	that_if	240
[ A senior intelligence official said that U.S. intelligence is examining the picture .	[ A senior intelligence official asked if U.S. intelligence is examining the picture .	that_if	241
No one said that he was dropping out this week .	No one asked if he was dropping out this week .	that_if	242
Donovan 's daycare director says that the incident was a clear violation .	Donovan 's daycare director asks if the incident was a clear violation .	that_if	243
But they say that Mr. Hu has sought to retain Mr. Zeng .	But they ask if Mr. Hu has sought to retain Mr. Zeng .	that_if	244
Mr. Fukuda said that he would push to extend the mission .	Mr. Fukuda asked if he would push to extend the mission .	that_if	245
But he also said that the enclosure had passed safety inspections .	But he also asked if the enclosure had passed safety inspections .	that_if	246
But then he said that they would be prosecuted .	But then he asked if they would be prosecuted .	that_if	247
Maestas , however , said that coal qualifies as a hazardous material .	Maestas , however , asked if coal qualifies as a hazardous material .	that_if	248
We have said that all along .	We have asked if all along .	that_if	249
Fire officials said that they did not consider the leak suspicious .	Fire officials asked if they did not consider the leak suspicious .	that_if	250
Iraqis say that civilians were killed .	Iraqis ask if civilians were killed .	that_if	251
Law enforcement agencies say that the websites are hard to close .	Law enforcement agencies ask if the websites are hard to close .	that_if	252
Public health officials say that the problem is genetic and cultural .	Public health officials ask if the problem is genetic and cultural .	that_if	253
Officials have said that contaminated straw was the likely source in that case .	Officials have asked if contaminated straw was the likely source in that case .	that_if	254
Government officials have said that approach would be misguided .	Government officials have asked if approach would be misguided .	that_if	255
Song has said that more consultation was required on the alleged program .	Song has asked if more consultation was required on the alleged program .	that_if	256
But Afghan officials said that the Karzai administration is now re-evaluating that stance .	But Afghan officials asked if the Karzai administration is now re-evaluating that stance .	that_if	257
He said that he discovered the sett , near Newton , while bird-watching .	He asked if he discovered the sett , near Newton , while bird-watching .	that_if	258
Dermatologists say that one of the biggest myths about adult acne is diet .	Dermatologists ask if one of the biggest myths about adult acne is diet .	that_if	259
She said that I would share one of my stories with her .	She asked if I would share one of my stories with her .	that_if	260
Judges will say that they are already all of these things .	Judges will ask if they are already all of these things .	that_if	261
One might say that times have changed .	One might ask if times have changed .	that_if	262
His widow says that those who ordered the killing must also face justice .	His widow asks if those who ordered the killing must also face justice .	that_if	263
Mr. Boyd said that delays and disruptions were inevitable .	Mr. Boyd asked if delays and disruptions were inevitable .	that_if	264
He says that he makes " no apologies " for his lobbying clients .	He asks if he makes " no apologies " for his lobbying clients .	that_if	265
Williams said that he was overwhelmed by his responsibilities on defense .	Williams asked if he was overwhelmed by his responsibilities on defense .	that_if	266
She also said that her client is not charged with murder .	She also asked if her client is not charged with murder .	that_if	267
You say that you were right , but your tone was wrong .	You ask if you were right , but your tone was wrong .	that_if	268
Mr. Christie said that some CNBC ads would return to the sites today .	Mr. Christie asked if some CNBC ads would return to the sites today .	that_if	269
The lawmakers said that Rep. Tom Lantos , D-Calif .	The lawmakers asked if Rep. Tom Lantos , D-Calif .	that_if	270
The gallery said that security has been tightened .	The gallery asked if security has been tightened .	that_if	271
The Minister Of Agriculture Said That Israel 's Goals Will Not Be Achieved .	The Minister Of Agriculture Asked if Israel 's Goals Will Not Be Achieved .	that_if	272
Now it is been said that you can never go home again .	Now it is been asked if you can never go home again .	that_if	273
Many experts say that condition is unlikely to be met at the moment .	Many experts ask if condition is unlikely to be met at the moment .	that_if	274
Mr Setiawan said that he had lost the letter .	Mr Setiawan asked if he had lost the letter .	that_if	275
But Carroll said that issue would not play nationally .	But Carroll asked if issue would not play nationally .	that_if	276
One might say that it was a wrong step in the right direction .	One might ask if it was a wrong step in the right direction .	that_if	277
Police say that they were dropped off by a boat .	Police ask if they were dropped off by a boat .	that_if	278
China said that the group may reconvene in 48 hours .	China asked if the group may reconvene in 48 hours .	that_if	279
I always said that decisions of this kind would be for me .	I always asked if decisions of this kind would be for me .	that_if	280
Crucially , he said that I would eventually be allowed to leave .	Crucially , he asked if I would eventually be allowed to leave .	that_if	281
Iannucci said that he was intending to make another series .	Iannucci asked if he was intending to make another series .	that_if	282
A trooper said that he had found another body .	A trooper asked if he had found another body .	that_if	283
They definitely said that it would be in the speech .	They definitely asked if it would be in the speech .	that_if	284
The RSPB says that it is concerned particularly about gamekeeping practices in Perthshire .	The RSPB asks if it is concerned particularly about gamekeeping practices in Perthshire .	that_if	285
He said that he and Puno plan to meet again next week .	He asked if he and Puno plan to meet again next week .	that_if	286
He said that the polls were misleading .	He asked if the polls were misleading .	that_if	287
He said that it was not likely to have been food poisoning .	He asked if it was not likely to have been food poisoning .	that_if	288
The Zimbabwe Chamber of Mines said that it was studying the Bill .	The Zimbabwe Chamber of Mines asked if it was studying the Bill .	that_if	289
He said that a £ 95 voluntary test had saved his life .	He asked if a £ 95 voluntary test had saved his life .	that_if	290
Residents say that even where racism lurks , it is restrained .	Residents ask if even where racism lurks , it is restrained .	that_if	291
We say that Bronco nation is growing .	We ask if Bronco nation is growing .	that_if	292
Ofcom said that it expects the service to be operational by next year .	Ofcom asked if it expects the service to be operational by next year .	that_if	293
He also said that Stacy frequently asked him for a divorce .	He also asked if Stacy frequently asked him for a divorce .	that_if	294
The new filing said that investigation was continuing .	The new filing asked if investigation was continuing .	that_if	295
The FAA has said that staffing levels are adequate despite controllers ' complaints .	The FAA has asked if staffing levels are adequate despite controllers ' complaints .	that_if	296
Analysts have said that figure might increase .	Analysts have asked if figure might increase .	that_if	297
Erdogan has said that the authorisation will not mean immediate military action .	Erdogan has asked if the authorisation will not mean immediate military action .	that_if	298
Most , however , say that central banks should leave asset prices be .	Most , however , ask if central banks should leave asset prices be .	that_if	299
It is said that big voices win out at the Met .	It is asked if big voices win out at the Met .	that_if	300
But construction industry insiders said that Bob the Builder would survive unscathed .	But construction industry insiders asked if Bob the Builder would survive unscathed .	that_if	301
Reuben says that approach helps children become accepting of others .	Reuben asks if approach helps children become accepting of others .	that_if	302
However , Shell said that numbers this year looked better than the reality .	However , Shell asked if numbers this year looked better than the reality .	that_if	303
He said that BAE would give full support to the board .	He asked if BAE would give full support to the board .	that_if	304
He said that we all possess a mantra unique to us .	He asked if we all possess a mantra unique to us .	that_if	305
Negroponte said that rebel leaders may face sanctions if they do not attend .	Negroponte asked if rebel leaders may face sanctions if they do not attend .	that_if	306
The hospital says that acinetobacter is common , as is staph bacteria .	The hospital asks if acinetobacter is common , as is staph bacteria .	that_if	307
He said that more jobs would be created in key operating areas .	He asked if more jobs would be created in key operating areas .	that_if	308
Police officers said that they found fingerprints that matched Ingram 's .	Police officers asked if they found fingerprints that matched Ingram 's .	that_if	309
The United Nations says that 1,000 lives continue to be lost every day .	The United Nations asks if 1,000 lives continue to be lost every day .	that_if	310
Prince said that he could perform at my tenth anniversary show in London .	Prince asked if he could perform at my tenth anniversary show in London .	that_if	311
The spokesman said that Terra Firma intended to retain a majority stake .	The spokesman asked if Terra Firma intended to retain a majority stake .	that_if	312
Dad said that Uncle Harry got a lot of mail .	Dad asked if Uncle Harry got a lot of mail .	that_if	313
He said that everything is fine .	He asked if everything is fine .	that_if	314
But Fry said that Button is delighted with Brawn 's appointment .	But Fry asked if Button is delighted with Brawn 's appointment .	that_if	315
Pronin said that Pichushkin got a harsh enough punishment .	Pronin asked if Pichushkin got a harsh enough punishment .	that_if	316
The law also said that other states could then adopt California 's standards .	The law also asked if other states could then adopt California 's standards .	that_if	317
This month the former president said that abroad .	This month the former president asked if abroad .	that_if	318
A Citigroup spokeswoman said that the company does not comment on research reports .	A Citigroup spokeswoman asked if the company does not comment on research reports .	that_if	319
The museum said that it would be closed for a few days .	The museum asked if it would be closed for a few days .	that_if	320
Many environmentalists say that Mendocino has been a responsible logger .	Many environmentalists ask if Mendocino has been a responsible logger .	that_if	321
White House officials have said that Abramoff overstated his access with the administration .	White House officials have asked if Abramoff overstated his access with the administration .	that_if	322
One could say that this is close to becoming self-conscious .	One could ask if this is close to becoming self-conscious .	that_if	323
Mr. Namer said that a few people had been interested in combining them .	Mr. Namer asked if a few people had been interested in combining them .	that_if	324
Oxfam says that the bulk of this money goes to just ten farms .	Oxfam asks if the bulk of this money goes to just ten farms .	that_if	325
Mr. Piecyk said that problems were widespread within Sprint .	Mr. Piecyk asked if problems were widespread within Sprint .	that_if	326
The Americans say that some 20 per cent of soldiers can be affected .	The Americans ask if some 20 per cent of soldiers can be affected .	that_if	327
He said that issue did not come up over lunch .	He asked if issue did not come up over lunch .	that_if	328
Turkey says that this would plunge relations with America into deep crisis .	Turkey asks if this would plunge relations with America into deep crisis .	that_if	329
Others say that view is narrow-minded .	Others ask if view is narrow-minded .	that_if	330
Although unusual , the Guardian says that interspecies suckling is far from unknown .	Although unusual , the Guardian asks if interspecies suckling is far from unknown .	that_if	331
" I cannot say that I do , " Giuliani said .	" I cannot ask if I do , " Giuliani said .	that_if	332
Many passengers surveyed said that they enjoyed being uncontactable .	Many passengers surveyed asked if they enjoyed being uncontactable .	that_if	333
The U.S. military said that an al-Qaida leader was arrested with three militants .	The U.S. military asked if an al-Qaida leader was arrested with three militants .	that_if	334
But City economists said that the knock-on effects still risked inflaming inflationary pressures .	But City economists asked if the knock-on effects still risked inflaming inflationary pressures .	that_if	335
General Petraeus says that al-Qaeda no longer has any strongholds in Iraq .	General Petraeus asks if al-Qaeda no longer has any strongholds in Iraq .	that_if	336
Nearly a third said that they needed better advice on alcohol and drugs .	Nearly a third asked if they needed better advice on alcohol and drugs .	that_if	337
The organisation says that the daily lives of many Iraqis continue to deteriorate .	The organisation asks if the daily lives of many Iraqis continue to deteriorate .	that_if	338
Greenspan said that the inflationary impact of a weakening dollar varies over time .	Greenspan asked if the inflationary impact of a weakening dollar varies over time .	that_if	339
QUESTION : Secretary Rice said that failure is not an option .	QUESTION : Secretary Rice asked if failure is not an option .	that_if	340
But I would not have said that Fenton was at all cowardly .	But I would not have asked if Fenton was at all cowardly .	that_if	341
He Said That The Political Dispute Is Merely A Disagreement Between Allies .	He Asked if The Political Dispute Is Merely A Disagreement Between Allies .	that_if	342
Police said that the cause of the explosion was not yet clear .	Police asked if the cause of the explosion was not yet clear .	that_if	343
Ms. Spruill said that " people get along " at the diverse school .	Ms. Spruill asked if " people get along " at the diverse school .	that_if	344
Mauresmo said that her training regime has been necessarily limited this season .	Mauresmo asked if her training regime has been necessarily limited this season .	that_if	345
They said that no specific plans had been established .	They asked if no specific plans had been established .	that_if	346
Oliveira said that Ted Beckham had surgery and was in intensive care .	Oliveira asked if Ted Beckham had surgery and was in intensive care .	that_if	347
... Cohen said that most of the same cooks will return .	... Cohen asked if most of the same cooks will return .	that_if	348
But Saif says that these days he can operate in all neighbourhoods .	But Saif asks if these days he can operate in all neighbourhoods .	that_if	349
The statement said that the convicts are all from Baghdad .	The statement asked if the convicts are all from Baghdad .	that_if	350
He says that he can do the dishes this week .	He asks if he can do the dishes this week .	that_if	351
I have said that I am happy at the club .	I have asked if I am happy at the club .	that_if	352
Police officials said that officers searched the site .	Police officials asked if officers searched the site .	that_if	353
Zuccarini says that confidentiality is one small reason to set up a trust .	Zuccarini asks if confidentiality is one small reason to set up a trust .	that_if	354
Mr. Chelios said that finding parts was not an issue .	Mr. Chelios asked if finding parts was not an issue .	that_if	355
Gates said that Harvey 's response was not aggressive enough .	Gates asked if Harvey 's response was not aggressive enough .	that_if	356
She said that there was a big difference now .	She asked if there was a big difference now .	that_if	357
Police said that there were no suspicious circumstances .	Police asked if there were no suspicious circumstances .	that_if	358
Cohen says that some police investigators just rely on one piece of evidence .	Cohen asks if some police investigators just rely on one piece of evidence .	that_if	359
And some in Albany said that Mr. Spitzer has succeeded in key respects .	And some in Albany asked if Mr. Spitzer has succeeded in key respects .	that_if	360
Lawson said that Pakistan would also need some luck this time .	Lawson asked if Pakistan would also need some luck this time .	that_if	361
A spokeswoman said that relatives of the woman had yet to be informed .	A spokeswoman asked if relatives of the woman had yet to be informed .	that_if	362
Deasy said that no memo announcing Tedesco 's resignation had been circulated .	Deasy asked if no memo announcing Tedesco 's resignation had been circulated .	that_if	363
The military said that 80 civilians and 11 security personnel were killed .	The military asked if 80 civilians and 11 security personnel were killed .	that_if	364
So you cannot say that this market has gotten ahead of itself .	So you cannot ask if this market has gotten ahead of itself .	that_if	365
Attacks doubled Clinton said that she was honored to get the endorsement .	Attacks doubled Clinton asked if she was honored to get the endorsement .	that_if	366
It said that style and quality mattered .	It asked if style and quality mattered .	that_if	367
But he also says that his defense is capable of tackling more effectively .	But he also asks if his defense is capable of tackling more effectively .	that_if	368
Critics will say that the neocons already tried that - in Iraq .	Critics will ask if the neocons already tried that - in Iraq .	that_if	369
Western conservationists say that humpback populations are still vulnerable .	Western conservationists ask if humpback populations are still vulnerable .	that_if	370
A spokesman said that no weapons were involved .	A spokesman asked if no weapons were involved .	that_if	371
Klatsky said that all medical advice needed to be personalized to the individual .	Klatsky asked if all medical advice needed to be personalized to the individual .	that_if	372
And the board says that only vets may float horses ' teeth .	And the board asks if only vets may float horses ' teeth .	that_if	373
Mr. Hsu said that the trend is growing .	Mr. Hsu asked if the trend is growing .	that_if	374
But she said that the building is now offering even better incentives .	But she asked if the building is now offering even better incentives .	that_if	375
Our correspondent says that the festival has never been a problem before .	Our correspondent asks if the festival has never been a problem before .	that_if	376
They say that cocaine increases self-confidence and creates a type of euphoria .	They ask if cocaine increases self-confidence and creates a type of euphoria .	that_if	377
From the start , the president said that the increase would be temporary .	From the start , the president asked if the increase would be temporary .	that_if	378
It also says that Iran has started up more than 1,300 centrifuge machines .	It also asks if Iran has started up more than 1,300 centrifuge machines .	that_if	379
Mr. Kaplan said that CBS had enlisted as much security as possible .	Mr. Kaplan asked if CBS had enlisted as much security as possible .	that_if	380
In all , Kawasaki says that the KLR650 got 50 improvements .	In all , Kawasaki asks if the KLR650 got 50 improvements .	that_if	381
Police have already said that nobody will face charges over the tragedy .	Police have already asked if nobody will face charges over the tragedy .	that_if	382
FedEx has said that the drivers are independent contractors .	FedEx has asked if the drivers are independent contractors .	that_if	383
They say that they " tell stories " about what might happen .	They ask if they " tell stories " about what might happen .	that_if	384
Left tackle Jonathan Ogden said that his goal is to play this weekend .	Left tackle Jonathan Ogden asked if his goal is to play this weekend .	that_if	385
I would say that that briefing was optimistic .	I would ask if that briefing was optimistic .	that_if	386
The committee said that CBGB owed $ 75,000 in unpaid rent increases .	The committee asked if CBGB owed $ 75,000 in unpaid rent increases .	that_if	387
Indeed , one person said that Sallie Mae 's projections are too high .	Indeed , one person asked if Sallie Mae 's projections are too high .	that_if	388
But aides later said that he did not .	But aides later asked if he did not .	that_if	389
Mr Nicholson said that the council 's decision denied parents that reassurance .	Mr Nicholson asked if the council 's decision denied parents that reassurance .	that_if	390
Swiss said that it had paid compensation to the families of the victims .	Swiss asked if it had paid compensation to the families of the victims .	that_if	391
The dissenting scientists say that both those claims were incorrect .	The dissenting scientists ask if both those claims were incorrect .	that_if	392
She said that Mills dissuaded her from hiring a lawyer .	She asked if Mills dissuaded her from hiring a lawyer .	that_if	393
Goodell said that he would review the suspension after legal proceedings were concluded .	Goodell asked if he would review the suspension after legal proceedings were concluded .	that_if	394
He said that Shawn possibly liked where he was at .	He asked if Shawn possibly liked where he was at .	that_if	395
Iran has consistently said that its nuclear program is for peaceful use .	Iran has consistently asked if its nuclear program is for peaceful use .	that_if	396
Mr Green said that he would stay until a replacement was found .	Mr Green asked if he would stay until a replacement was found .	that_if	397
Papadopul said that her family had made the decision to stay .	Papadopul asked if her family had made the decision to stay .	that_if	398
Police said that she last saw her son on Boxing Day .	Police asked if she last saw her son on Boxing Day .	that_if	399
She said that the lawsuit lacked any merit .	She asked if the lawsuit lacked any merit .	that_if	400
Reports say that he has been in Italy since he was a child .	Reports ask if he has been in Italy since he was a child .	that_if	401
However , suppliers said that connoisseurs remain willing to splash out .	However , suppliers asked if connoisseurs remain willing to splash out .	that_if	402
McPartlin and Donnelly said that they were extremely disappointed by what had happened .	McPartlin and Donnelly asked if they were extremely disappointed by what had happened .	that_if	403
said that he was well-known in Afghanistan for what he was doing .	asked if he was well-known in Afghanistan for what he was doing .	that_if	404
Hani Durzy , an eBay spokesman , said that listing was an error .	Hani Durzy , an eBay spokesman , asked if listing was an error .	that_if	405
Mr. Haberman said that debates over franchise and chain stores are nothing new .	Mr. Haberman asked if debates over franchise and chain stores are nothing new .	that_if	406
, said that Iraq was making the United States safer .	, asked whether Iraq was making the United States safer .	that_if	407
Later that week a voice-mail message said that my ring had been found .	Later that week a voice-mail message asked if my ring had been found .	that_if	408
She said that dairy production had a huge effect by producing greenhouse gases .	She asked if dairy production had a huge effect by producing greenhouse gases .	that_if	409
But Edwards said that Clemson wanted him to switch to cornerback or receiver .	But Edwards asked if Clemson wanted him to switch to cornerback or receiver .	that_if	410
American officials said that other measures indicated that civilian deaths had dropped .	American officials asked if other measures indicated that civilian deaths had dropped .	that_if	411
Mr. Olson had initially said that he found the painting in his basement .	Mr. Olson had initially asked if he found the painting in his basement .	that_if	412
She said that Aset did not offer a diploma in pre-school practice .	She asked if Aset did not offer a diploma in pre-school practice .	that_if	413
However , the government says that such a march is illegal .	However , the government asks if such a march is illegal .	that_if	414
But he said that customer response had been overwhelmingly positive .	But he asked if customer response had been overwhelmingly positive .	that_if	415
He said that three of his Sunni school-friends had recently left the school .	He asked if three of his Sunni school-friends had recently left the school .	that_if	416
Mr. Gul and his colleagues say that they abandoned religious politics long ago .	Mr. Gul and his colleagues ask if they abandoned religious politics long ago .	that_if	417
You might say that it has sentimental value .	You might ask if it has sentimental value .	that_if	418
Preuitt said that his family is currently trying to come up with answers .	Preuitt asked if his family is currently trying to come up with answers .	that_if	419
Manning said that he was unsure what his practice routine would be Friday .	Manning asked if he was unsure what his practice routine would be Friday .	that_if	420
Researchers said that number unavailable Thursday .	Researchers asked if number unavailable Thursday .	that_if	421
She said that we needed to talk .	She asked if we needed to talk .	that_if	422
He says that the motes - the scales have fallen from his eyes .	He asks if the motes - the scales have fallen from his eyes .	that_if	423
Executives said that the cuts would have a limited impact on viewers .	Executives asked if the cuts would have a limited impact on viewers .	that_if	424
Lacey and Larkin have said that the address came from public records .	Lacey and Larkin have asked if the address came from public records .	that_if	425
The president said that he could support the bill with some changes .	The president asked if he could support the bill with some changes .	that_if	426
I said that she wanted one , and she said she did .	I asked if she wanted one , and she said she did .	that_if	427
He said that he intended to give his full ruling next week .	He asked if he intended to give his full ruling next week .	that_if	428
Police have now said that Ms Bhutto is free to leave her home .	Police have now asked if Ms Bhutto is free to leave her home .	that_if	429
Many of those financial professionals say that this time , everything is different .	Many of those financial professionals ask if this time , everything is different .	that_if	430
Oil-rich Iran says that its program is for peaceful purposes .	Oil-rich Iran asks if its program is for peaceful purposes .	that_if	431
She said that legal fees had left her £ 1.5 million in debt .	She asked if legal fees had left her £ 1.5 million in debt .	that_if	432
Experts said that house prices could never fall nationwide .	Experts asked if house prices could never fall nationwide .	that_if	433
Mr. Ferguson said that the volume of litigation has tapered off .	Mr. Ferguson asked if the volume of litigation has tapered off .	that_if	434
Maestas , however , said that coal is a hazardous material .	Maestas , however , asked if coal is a hazardous material .	that_if	435
It said that 12 miners were still unaccounted for .	It asked if 12 miners were still unaccounted for .	that_if	436
You could say that those that have survived are true winners .	You could ask if those that have survived are true winners .	that_if	437
Network Rail said that it did not expect any delays or unnecessary disruptions .	Network Rail asked if it did not expect any delays or unnecessary disruptions .	that_if	438
Dr. Bailey said that the first weeks of the backlash were the worst .	Dr. Bailey asked if the first weeks of the backlash were the worst .	that_if	439
However , tax experts say that IHT planning will now be more simple .	However , tax experts ask if IHT planning will now be more simple .	that_if	440
A spokesman for Mr Khan said that he was concerned at his plight .	A spokesman for Mr Khan asked if he was concerned at his plight .	that_if	441
Mr Callahan said that Yahoo !	Mr Callahan asked if Yahoo !	that_if	442
She said that the coach undressed first her and then herself .	She asked if the coach undressed first her and then herself .	that_if	443
Patrushev said that his agency had learned how to counter British intelligence .	Patrushev asked if his agency had learned how to counter British intelligence .	that_if	444
It says that major work is required to ensure the work 's safety .	It asks if major work is required to ensure the work 's safety .	that_if	445
Cancer experts say that her dream could become a reality .	Cancer experts ask if her dream could become a reality .	that_if	446
He said that some 80 percent of the state was affected .	He asked if some 80 percent of the state was affected .	that_if	447
This week the Government said that its price controls would be stepped up .	This week the Government asked if its price controls would be stepped up .	that_if	448
We cannot say that it does not cross the placenta .	We cannot ask if it does not cross the placenta .	that_if	449
Retailers said that the festive shopping spree began at the start of Christmas .	Retailers asked if the festive shopping spree began at the start of Christmas .	that_if	450
Police said that they doubted this .	Police asked if they doubted this .	that_if	451
The police said that the robbery suspect eluded them .	The police asked if the robbery suspect eluded them .	that_if	452
He said that Kee was paid about $ 8,000 .	He asked if Kee was paid about $ 8,000 .	that_if	453
And he says that feeling could hit troop recruitment and retention hard .	And he asks if feeling could hit troop recruitment and retention hard .	that_if	454
He said that 14 militants had also died in the clashes .	He asked if 14 militants had also died in the clashes .	that_if	455
Mr Ferm said that McKenzie became suicidal and was depressed .	Mr Ferm asked if McKenzie became suicidal and was depressed .	that_if	456
He said that his youth should excuse his actions .	He asked if his youth should excuse his actions .	that_if	457
He also said that a 10-cent increase would be acceptable .	He also asked if a 10-cent increase would be acceptable .	that_if	458
Stern said that NASA has been throwing money away on unexpected cost overruns .	Stern asked if NASA has been throwing money away on unexpected cost overruns .	that_if	459
Shimu said that her hopes are the same as Alo 's .	Shimu asked if her hopes are the same as Alo 's .	that_if	460
They say that a separate clash in the east killed one rebel .	They ask if a separate clash in the east killed one rebel .	that_if	461
Officials say that he failed to make any payments .	Officials ask if he failed to make any payments .	that_if	462
The Environment Agency says that quick fixes are not the answer .	The Environment Agency asks if quick fixes are not the answer .	that_if	463
They say that 40 million livelihoods are at stake .	They ask if 40 million livelihoods are at stake .	that_if	464
Mr Hester said that commercial property prices generally were falling .	Mr Hester asked if commercial property prices generally were falling .	that_if	465
Even judges say that they are becoming .	Even judges ask if they are becoming .	that_if	466
The report said that sales stood at Dh 456.8 million for 178 deals .	The report asked if sales stood at Dh 456.8 million for 178 deals .	that_if	467
Some say that the Neanderthals were wiped out by a sudden cold snap .	Some ask if the Neanderthals were wiped out by a sudden cold snap .	that_if	468
Mr Yang said that Yahoo !	Mr Yang asked if Yahoo !	that_if	469
Iraqi eyewitnesses have said that guards moved into the roundabout stopping the traffic .	Iraqi eyewitnesses have asked if guards moved into the roundabout stopping the traffic .	that_if	470
She said that her greatest teacher has simply been instinct .	She asked if her greatest teacher has simply been instinct .	that_if	471
The broadcaster said that the conversations did not involve political or terrorist activity .	The broadcaster asked if the conversations did not involve political or terrorist activity .	that_if	472
He said that Democrats need to work to bring all Americans together .	He asked if Democrats need to work to bring all Americans together .	that_if	473
She said that she never felt a loss of control with Marbury .	She asked if she never felt a loss of control with Marbury .	that_if	474
Proponents said that 10m children would then be covered .	Proponents asked if 10m children would then be covered .	that_if	475
Sprengers said that Blatter was encouraging about the joint bid .	Sprengers asked if Blatter was encouraging about the joint bid .	that_if	476
Ahsan said that he expected to be arrested later Saturday night .	Ahsan asked if he expected to be arrested later Saturday night .	that_if	477
One said that she had not authorized the grant to be redirected .	One asked if she had not authorized the grant to be redirected .	that_if	478
Analysts say that perhaps her weak spot is her inexperience in office .	Analysts ask if perhaps her weak spot is her inexperience in office .	that_if	479
City attorney John Young said that constitutionally protected activity would be exempt .	City attorney John Young asked if constitutionally protected activity would be exempt .	that_if	480
They said that cultural obstacles and other impediments prevent victims from coming forward .	They asked if cultural obstacles and other impediments prevent victims from coming forward .	that_if	481
3 Style section incorrectly said that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are married .	3 Style section incorrectly asked if Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are married .	that_if	482
Then Mike will say that we need to talk to you .	Then Mike will ask if we need to talk to you .	that_if	483
On Monday he said that he had resigned for unspecified health reasons .	On Monday he asked if he had resigned for unspecified health reasons .	that_if	484
I remember she said that I had called my doctor yet .	I remember she asked if I had called my doctor yet .	that_if	485
I said that when I was taken out of the team .	I asked if when I was taken out of the team .	that_if	486
Mr Bevan also said that the violin teacher now faced disciplinary proceedings .	Mr Bevan also asked if the violin teacher now faced disciplinary proceedings .	that_if	487
Blackwater has said that its guards were fired upon and responded appropriately .	Blackwater has asked if its guards were fired upon and responded appropriately .	that_if	488
Lawyers typically say that such legal opinions are confidential .	Lawyers typically ask if such legal opinions are confidential .	that_if	489
But she said that the tactic could backfire .	But she asked if the tactic could backfire .	that_if	490
Workers said that the birds were being attacked by wild dogs .	Workers asked if the birds were being attacked by wild dogs .	that_if	491
Another child said that she had been attacked because of her disability .	Another child asked if she had been attacked because of her disability .	that_if	492
Dr. Hendin also said that the term " nonresidents " needed further clarification .	Dr. Hendin also asked if the term " nonresidents " needed further clarification .	that_if	493
Chinese officials said that they informed the public as soon as they knew .	Chinese officials asked if they informed the public as soon as they knew .	that_if	494
They say that more than 100 troops abandoned their positions on Thursday night .	They ask if more than 100 troops abandoned their positions on Thursday night .	that_if	495
Like Holman , Orlando said that men 's hats were making a comeback .	Like Holman , Orlando asked if men 's hats were making a comeback .	that_if	496
Livingstone , though , said that football clubs may have to look elsewhere .	Livingstone , though , asked if football clubs may have to look elsewhere .	that_if	497
He said that security confinement could force some al-Qaeda elements to surrender .	He asked if security confinement could force some al-Qaeda elements to surrender .	that_if	498
Mr. Singer said that it was important for countries to comply with contracts .	Mr. Singer asked if it was important for countries to comply with contracts .	that_if	499
He said that the warm fall was an exception .	He asked if the warm fall was an exception .	that_if	500
She will say that she will leave the rest of us alone .	She will ask if she will leave the rest of us alone .	that_if	501
He says that the results could be consistent with occasional consumption of cocaine .	He asks if the results could be consistent with occasional consumption of cocaine .	that_if	502
You could say that it is an appropriate use of police resources .	You could ask whether it is an appropriate use of police resources .	that_if	503
Police have said that mobile phone interceptions are crucial to the investigation .	Police have asked if mobile phone interceptions are crucial to the investigation .	that_if	504
A local official said that no evacuation had been ordered .	A local official asked if no evacuation had been ordered .	that_if	505
Mr Beadle said that Jessica was starting to recover .	Mr Beadle asked if Jessica was starting to recover .	that_if	506
He said that momentum will be key to winning a second championship .	He asked if momentum will be key to winning a second championship .	that_if	507
One local man said that he had been robbed four times .	One local man asked if he had been robbed four times .	that_if	508
He said that we were victims of the ' most clever deception ' .	He asked if we were victims of the ' most clever deception ' .	that_if	509
The Attorney General says that statistic needs to change .	The Attorney General asks if statistic needs to change .	that_if	510
But it said that it supported the new lasting power of attorney scheme .	But it asked if it supported the new lasting power of attorney scheme .	that_if	511
But it said that post-Christmas buying could help boost the total .	But it asked if post-Christmas buying could help boost the total .	that_if	512
But he also said that the heart of the reform was not negotiable .	But he also asked if the heart of the reform was not negotiable .	that_if	513
Investigators said that Shaffer was acting deliberately .	Investigators asked if Shaffer was acting deliberately .	that_if	514
Obey said that the provision was not an earmark under the rules .	Obey asked if the provision was not an earmark under the rules .	that_if	515
He said that he had no regrets about becoming a double agent .	He asked if he had no regrets about becoming a double agent .	that_if	516
Cashman said that he has remained in contact with Torre .	Cashman asked if he has remained in contact with Torre .	that_if	517
Neighbours said that teenagers would frequently gather on the estate .	Neighbours asked if teenagers would frequently gather on the estate .	that_if	518
But the Monster actress said that that does not normally happen .	But the Monster actress asked if that does not normally happen .	that_if	519
More recently , Portuguese investigators said that the couple had become suspects .	More recently , Portuguese investigators asked if the couple had become suspects .	that_if	520
Others have said that Christmas is a time for family .	Others have asked if Christmas is a time for family .	that_if	521
He said that no date had been set for Osman 's arraignment .	He asked if no date had been set for Osman 's arraignment .	that_if	522
MR. THIRY said that last week 's proceedings provided some vindication .	MR. THIRY asked if last week 's proceedings provided some vindication .	that_if	523
It has been said that good forecasters have a good sense of history .	It has been asked if good forecasters have a good sense of history .	that_if	524
He said that he planned to set out again into the mountains .	He asked if he planned to set out again into the mountains .	that_if	525
Fellow shack-dwellers say that he is mentally disturbed .	Fellow shack-dwellers ask if he is mentally disturbed .	that_if	526
And an executive at Disney said that it was not interested .	And an executive at Disney asked if it was not interested .	that_if	527
He says that he did not use performance-enhancing drugs .	He asks if he did not use performance-enhancing drugs .	that_if	528
They said that KKR had pledged funds for an acquisition strategy .	They asked if KKR had pledged funds for an acquisition strategy .	that_if	529
From the beginning we said that everything should be solved by the Agency .	From the beginning we asked if everything should be solved by the Agency .	that_if	530
The museum said that it was cancelling the American 's speech .	The museum asked if it was cancelling the American 's speech .	that_if	531
Grad school officials say that the issue surfaces constantly .	Grad school officials ask if the issue surfaces constantly .	that_if	532
He said that trains in the area usually go about 20 mph .	He asked if trains in the area usually go about 20 mph .	that_if	533
The US and UK say that this is not affected by the NPT .	The US and UK ask if this is not affected by the NPT .	that_if	534
He said that Jordan failed to discharge his duties as a commander .	He asked if Jordan failed to discharge his duties as a commander .	that_if	535
But state and local officials say that they believe cheating is rare .	But state and local officials ask if they believe cheating is rare .	that_if	536
The Sri Lankan captain said that Cook had shown great patience .	The Sri Lankan captain asked if Cook had shown great patience .	that_if	537
Briggs said that the accident had changed him .	Briggs asked if the accident had changed him .	that_if	538
Critics say that raises the possibility of conflicts of interest .	Critics ask if raises the possibility of conflicts of interest .	that_if	539
Both players said that experience should make this transition smoother .	Both players asked if experience should make this transition smoother .	that_if	540
Yet on Thursday he said that it would be held by February 15th .	Yet on Thursday he asked if it would be held by February 15th .	that_if	541
A spokesman for the Scottish Government said that decision was now under review .	A spokesman for the Scottish Government asked if decision was now under review .	that_if	542
Correspondents say that these military campaigns are deeply unpopular in Pakistan .	Correspondents ask if these military campaigns are deeply unpopular in Pakistan .	that_if	543
Marbury has said that he had permission to leave .	Marbury has asked if he had permission to leave .	that_if	544
Midwives said that they had never heard of such a speedy delivery .	Midwives asked if they had never heard of such a speedy delivery .	that_if	545
Bissonnette has said that she and her family did nothing wrong .	Bissonnette has asked if she and her family did nothing wrong .	that_if	546
Authorities say that the gunman had a history of violent confrontations .	Authorities ask if the gunman had a history of violent confrontations .	that_if	547
A spokesman for the company said that it was intended as a joke .	A spokesman for the company asked if it was intended as a joke .	that_if	548
Rhee also said that all 20 principal vacancies have been filled .	Rhee also asked if all 20 principal vacancies have been filled .	that_if	549
He said that individual whistle-blowers could get a percentage of the fines .	He asked if individual whistle-blowers could get a percentage of the fines .	that_if	550
But spokeswoman Kate Rich said that base has grown .	But spokeswoman Kate Rich asked if base has grown .	that_if	551
Mr Smith said that she was a difficult patient and suffered from dementia .	Mr Smith asked if she was a difficult patient and suffered from dementia .	that_if	552
Nine out of ten say that action is necessary to address global warming .	Nine out of ten ask if action is necessary to address global warming .	that_if	553
Western conservationists say that humpback and fin whale populations are still vulnerable .	Western conservationists ask if humpback and fin whale populations are still vulnerable .	that_if	554
Another 40 per cent said that the level was about right .	Another 40 per cent asked if the level was about right .	that_if	555
Wealmoor Atherstone said that members of staff had been questioned by police .	Wealmoor Atherstone asked if members of staff had been questioned by police .	that_if	556
He denies the charges against him and says that they are politically motivated .	He denies the charges against him and asks if they are politically motivated .	that_if	557
Drummer Marky Ramone has since said that episode was overblown .	Drummer Marky Ramone has since asked if episode was overblown .	that_if	558
Standard Life said that Resolution board was currently considering its proposal .	Standard Life asked if Resolution board was currently considering its proposal .	that_if	559
So , who said that Iranian women are be being tortured in Iran ?	So , who asked if Iranian women are be being tortured in Iran ?	that_if	560
AZUZ : City officials say that mythological home of the gods is safe .	AZUZ : City officials ask if mythological home of the gods is safe .	that_if	561
, said that Congress should expand affordable financing .	, asked if Congress should expand affordable financing .	that_if	562
The authorities have said that the charges could change .	The authorities have asked if the charges could change .	that_if	563
A Merrill spokesman said that Mr Fink was not offered the job .	A Merrill spokesman asked if Mr Fink was not offered the job .	that_if	564
They even say that every person has his own tree .	They even ask if every person has his own tree .	that_if	565
People say that action should have been taken yesterday .	People ask if action should have been taken yesterday .	that_if	566
He said that the confession was coerced and that he was innocent .	He asked if the confession was coerced and that he was innocent .	that_if	567
But critics said that organization practiced inhumane training methods and exploited its animals .	But critics asked if organization practiced inhumane training methods and exploited its animals .	that_if	568
Employment experts said that the ruling reduced Heyday 's chance of success significantly .	Employment experts asked if the ruling reduced Heyday 's chance of success significantly .	that_if	569
They say that they get great support from the regiment .	They ask if they get great support from the regiment .	that_if	570
She said that message was filtering down to younger people .	She asked if message was filtering down to younger people .	that_if	571
She has said that the plan would not be run by the government .	She has asked if the plan would not be run by the government .	that_if	572
Bishop Ncube said that he would remain a Catholic bishop .	Bishop Ncube asked if he would remain a Catholic bishop .	that_if	573
Djokovic says that he is ready at 20 to win a Slam .	Djokovic asks if he is ready at 20 to win a Slam .	that_if	574
She will say that it was senior citizens who made all the difference .	She will ask if it was senior citizens who made all the difference .	that_if	575
Other students say that they do not have a choice .	Other students ask if they do not have a choice .	that_if	576
Harris Whitbeck said that the idea would .	Harris Whitbeck asked whether the idea would .	that_if	577
They said that the Senator could make his pitch live via satellite .	They asked if the Senator could make his pitch live via satellite .	that_if	578
I have heard people say that I slowed down or almost stopped .	I have heard people ask if I slowed down or almost stopped .	that_if	579
' " People close to Craig said that means until the judge rules .	' " People close to Craig asked if means until the judge rules .	that_if	580
Football officials have repeatedly said that building work is on track .	Football officials have repeatedly asked if building work is on track .	that_if	581
Italian press reports said that a warrant has been issued for his arrest .	Italian press reports asked if a warrant has been issued for his arrest .	that_if	582
Wadler said that deficiency can be demonstrated by an endocrinologist .	Wadler asked if deficiency can be demonstrated by an endocrinologist .	that_if	583
An AstraZeneca spokesman said that the approval was " significant " for Crestor .	An AstraZeneca spokesman asked if the approval was " significant " for Crestor .	that_if	584
But they said that a 12-hour curfew was acceptable .	But they asked if a 12-hour curfew was acceptable .	that_if	585
He also says that he regrets calling his autobiography I am not Spock .	He also asks if he regrets calling his autobiography I am not Spock .	that_if	586
Officials say that he has helped bring explosives into Iraq .	Officials ask if he has helped bring explosives into Iraq .	that_if	587
The Confederation of British Industry said that it would welcome a step-by-step approach .	The Confederation of British Industry asked if it would welcome a step-by-step approach .	that_if	588
You say that Miami condo did not pan out as you had hoped ?	You ask if Miami condo did not pan out as you had hoped ?	that_if	589
Clinton said that she was honored to get the endorsement .	Clinton asked if she was honored to get the endorsement .	that_if	590
Iran says that all of its nuclear work is peaceful .	Iran asks if all of its nuclear work is peaceful .	that_if	591
Some observers say that many people do not really mind the targeting .	Some observers ask if many people do not really mind the targeting .	that_if	592
The kids say that place is haunted .	The kids ask if place is haunted .	that_if	593
Brooker says that thereafter , his relationship with the ORU brass deteriorated .	Brooker asks if thereafter , his relationship with the ORU brass deteriorated .	that_if	594
Its recall notice said that any can bought after June 2005 was safe .	Its recall notice asked if any can bought after June 2005 was safe .	that_if	595
I would say that this is our new normal .	I would ask if this is our new normal .	that_if	596
Instead she will say that her shirt is too loose or too tight .	Instead she will ask if her shirt is too loose or too tight .	that_if	597
" I make cinema , " he would said that first day .	" I make cinema , " he would asked if first day .	that_if	598
Nichols also said that some of the property taken had Simpson 's signature .	Nichols also asked if some of the property taken had Simpson 's signature .	that_if	599
Bridge Base says that West led the spade eight , an unusual choice .	Bridge Base asks if West led the spade eight , an unusual choice .	that_if	600
Officials said that she passed a mandatory Breathalyzer test after the shooting .	Officials asked if she passed a mandatory Breathalyzer test after the shooting .	that_if	601
Ms. Dillman said that assignment gave her pause .	Ms. Dillman asked if assignment gave her pause .	that_if	602
Several friends said that Ms. Stein had been in good spirits .	Several friends asked if Ms. Stein had been in good spirits .	that_if	603
Agriculture minister McGauran said that strict movement controls would remain in effect .	Agriculture minister McGauran asked if strict movement controls would remain in effect .	that_if	604
Problems of Accountability Repeatedly he gets said that he feels vindicated .	Problems of Accountability Repeatedly he gets asked whether he feels vindicated .	that_if	605
Defense attorney Wally Bugden said that he had to talk her into sex .	Defense attorney Wally Bugden asked if he had to talk her into sex .	that_if	606
Reports said that Bernardo had been killed by farmers .	Reports asked if Bernardo had been killed by farmers .	that_if	607
He said that Mr. Bush was " very disappointed " with the vote .	He asked if Mr. Bush was " very disappointed " with the vote .	that_if	608
Hill said that list is expected to be presented soon , Kyodo reported .	Hill asked if list is expected to be presented soon , Kyodo reported .	that_if	609
However , Darling said that no other financial institution had requested emergency funding .	However , Darling asked if no other financial institution had requested emergency funding .	that_if	610
Peterson has said that Stacy ran off with another man .	Peterson has asked if Stacy ran off with another man .	that_if	611
Musharraf also said that Bhutto was exaggerating her popular support .	Musharraf also asked if Bhutto was exaggerating her popular support .	that_if	612
Firefighters said that water got into five floors of the building in Edinburgh .	Firefighters asked if water got into five floors of the building in Edinburgh .	that_if	613
She said that John Edwards was parroting Republican talking points and slinging mud .	She asked if John Edwards was parroting Republican talking points and slinging mud .	that_if	614
Then my grandmother said that Imelda came to see her recently .	Then my grandmother asked if Imelda came to see her recently .	that_if	615
Solar advocates say that will change within a few years .	Solar advocates ask if will change within a few years .	that_if	616
CBS News said that it was ready if a strike is called .	CBS News asked if it was ready if a strike is called .	that_if	617
Mr. Marshall said that his mother was unaware of what she had done .	Mr. Marshall asked if his mother was unaware of what she had done .	that_if	618
Sir Malcolm said that his plans were the unfinished business of devolution .	Sir Malcolm asked if his plans were the unfinished business of devolution .	that_if	619
He said that an investigation into both deaths was proceeding .	He asked if an investigation into both deaths was proceeding .	that_if	620
Brad would say that this statement absolutely reeks of hyperbole .	Brad would ask if this statement absolutely reeks of hyperbole .	that_if	621
Every election year pundits ritualistically say that unions remain politically relevant .	Every election year pundits ritualistically ask whether unions remain politically relevant .	that_if	622
The Orioles also said that right-hander Jaret Wright has left the team .	The Orioles also asked if right-hander Jaret Wright has left the team .	that_if	623
He also said that it called the couple 's daughter scores of times .	He also asked if it called the couple 's daughter scores of times .	that_if	624
, says that she cannot remember the last time she had sex .	, asks if she cannot remember the last time she had sex .	that_if	625
Many said that his pandering to business was to blame .	Many asked if his pandering to business was to blame .	that_if	626
Schmidt said that most of the cuts would come in Germany .	Schmidt asked if most of the cuts would come in Germany .	that_if	627
O 'Neil disagrees and said that Savio 's death was inconclusive .	O 'Neil disagrees and asked if Savio 's death was inconclusive .	that_if	628
The ABI said that its members would prefer 75 years as best practice .	The ABI asked if its members would prefer 75 years as best practice .	that_if	629
Fox Interactive executives say that some kinds of ads benefited more than others .	Fox Interactive executives ask if some kinds of ads benefited more than others .	that_if	630
But the BBC says that decision was far from unanimous .	But the BBC asks if decision was far from unanimous .	that_if	631
Military officials said that many foreign fighters were among the dead .	Military officials asked if many foreign fighters were among the dead .	that_if	632
Djokovic said that he has not been approached by anyone .	Djokovic asked if he has not been approached by anyone .	that_if	633
He said that stepped-up border protection has also helped reduce supplies .	He asked if stepped-up border protection has also helped reduce supplies .	that_if	634
CSX said that testing had not indicated a problem .	CSX asked if testing had not indicated a problem .	that_if	635
Bonds says that Giants owner Peter Magowan broke the news to him .	Bonds asks if Giants owner Peter Magowan broke the news to him .	that_if	636
You cannot walk 50 feet away and say that that is the temple .	You cannot walk 50 feet away and ask if that is the temple .	that_if	637
The council says that the structure remains unsafe .	The council asks if the structure remains unsafe .	that_if	638
The judge peered down at Bonds and said that he understood .	The judge peered down at Bonds and asked if he understood .	that_if	639
On Friday he said that Simpson had called him to apologise .	On Friday he asked if Simpson had called him to apologise .	that_if	640
" Everyone says that it is an absolute lie , " he said .	" Everyone asks if it is an absolute lie , " he said .	that_if	641
DIC said that the consortium was still deep in the due diligence process .	DIC asked if the consortium was still deep in the due diligence process .	that_if	642
State officials say that programs not limited to lower-income residents help them nevertheless .	State officials ask if programs not limited to lower-income residents help them nevertheless .	that_if	643
They say that he has good days and bad days .	They ask if he has good days and bad days .	that_if	644
Many have said that New York 's swirling winds were a bother too .	Many have asked if New York 's swirling winds were a bother too .	that_if	645
The UDA statement also said that drug dealing must be eradicated .	The UDA statement also asked if drug dealing must be eradicated .	that_if	646
Police said that they had found seven grams ( 0.25oz ) of marijuana .	Police asked if they had found seven grams ( 0.25oz ) of marijuana .	that_if	647
ROME - It is said that the Mafia has a hold on Italy .	ROME - It is asked if the Mafia has a hold on Italy .	that_if	648
But he said that the future might look different .	But he asked if the future might look different .	that_if	649
Eyewitnesses said that she was sitting on a bench eating chips .	Eyewitnesses asked if she was sitting on a bench eating chips .	that_if	650
He said that the British would be forced to listen .	He asked if the British would be forced to listen .	that_if	651
League members in the talks said that James J. Claffey , Jr .	League members in the talks asked if James J. Claffey , Jr .	that_if	652
Plowman has said that much of what the reporter alleged was false .	Plowman has asked if much of what the reporter alleged was false .	that_if	653
She said that police intervened and ejected the assailant from the event .	She asked if police intervened and ejected the assailant from the event .	that_if	654
Lovelock said that entrepreneur Richard Branson had offered to fund a prototype experiment .	Lovelock asked if entrepreneur Richard Branson had offered to fund a prototype experiment .	that_if	655
The colonel said that the subject never came up .	The colonel asked if the subject never came up .	that_if	656
You may say that you 'd never lose your cool like Carol Gotbaum .	You may ask if you 'd never lose your cool like Carol Gotbaum .	that_if	657
I said that he had enough water for that many people .	I asked if he had enough water for that many people .	that_if	658
He said that the first episode was consensual and the second was fiction .	He asked if the first episode was consensual and the second was fiction .	that_if	659
Ward said that he expected to play against the Eagles .	Ward asked if he expected to play against the Eagles .	that_if	660
Reeves also said that the visual references to September 11 were deliberate .	Reeves also asked if the visual references to September 11 were deliberate .	that_if	661
I would say that he is been a little unfortunate .	I would ask if he is been a little unfortunate .	that_if	662
Mr King said that it would be months before banks returned to normal .	Mr King asked if it would be months before banks returned to normal .	that_if	663
Soldiers say that they no longer like wearing uniforms in public .	Soldiers ask if they no longer like wearing uniforms in public .	that_if	664
Hoagland says that kind of confession is highly unusual .	Hoagland asks if kind of confession is highly unusual .	that_if	665
She also said that she now owes her lawyers $ 3 million .	She also asked if she now owes her lawyers $ 3 million .	that_if	666
Kelda said that there was no certainty that any offer would be made .	Kelda asked if there was no certainty that any offer would be made .	that_if	667
The brothers say that Scrabulous has 18,000 registered users on the site .	The brothers ask if Scrabulous has 18,000 registered users on the site .	that_if	668
" " Say that again ?	" " Ask if again ?	that_if	669
He said that some companies were trumpeting relatively modest changes .	He asked if some companies were trumpeting relatively modest changes .	that_if	670
He said that results were extremely variable .	He asked if results were extremely variable .	that_if	671
Nicholson says that YourStreet will add a few features in the near future .	Nicholson asks if YourStreet will add a few features in the near future .	that_if	672
He said that Mr Klein was close to his daughter .	He asked if Mr Klein was close to his daughter .	that_if	673
She called the children over and said that they would like to study .	She called the children over and asked if they would like to study .	that_if	674
But Hunt said that definition has expanded to include other types of neighborhoods .	But Hunt asked if definition has expanded to include other types of neighborhoods .	that_if	675
Marriott said that global companies also have a responsibility to be global citizens .	Marriott asked if global companies also have a responsibility to be global citizens .	that_if	676
The scientific consensus says that you cannot .	The scientific consensus asks if you cannot .	that_if	677
Mr Catheline said that he had heard the tyres screeching on the road .	Mr Catheline asked if he had heard the tyres screeching on the road .	that_if	678
The officer said that Craig solicited him for sex .	The officer asked if Craig solicited him for sex .	that_if	679
Automakers say that could require them to sell different vehicles in those markets .	Automakers ask if could require them to sell different vehicles in those markets .	that_if	680
The company said that it had removed all such bottles across Canada .	The company asked if it had removed all such bottles across Canada .	that_if	681
But so far both sides say that no agreement has been reached .	But so far both sides ask if no agreement has been reached .	that_if	682
He said that the film was reminiscent of 19th-century anti-clericalism .	He asked if the film was reminiscent of 19th-century anti-clericalism .	that_if	683
Mr. Lee said that professionals ' camera choices influence consumer tastes .	Mr. Lee asked if professionals ' camera choices influence consumer tastes .	that_if	684
Mr Lowman said that this would be a positive move .	Mr Lowman asked if this would be a positive move .	that_if	685
Gordon Brown condemned the disruption but said that the Government could not intervene .	Gordon Brown condemned the disruption but asked if the Government could not intervene .	that_if	686
Rawlings also said that Roy violated the spirit of the original Cannonball Runs .	Rawlings also asked if Roy violated the spirit of the original Cannonball Runs .	that_if	687
Kelly said that Stricker needed only the belief that he could win again .	Kelly asked if Stricker needed only the belief that he could win again .	that_if	688
Police sources have said that he never received treatment .	Police sources have asked if he never received treatment .	that_if	689
Experts say that low-income children will benefit most from the agreed-upon SCHIP legislation .	Experts ask if low-income children will benefit most from the agreed-upon SCHIP legislation .	that_if	690
You said that all readers who responded were against this .	You asked if all readers who responded were against this .	that_if	691
Ms Simao said that it was very noisy in the tunnel .	Ms Simao asked if it was very noisy in the tunnel .	that_if	692
The government said that action protected residents from any danger .	The government asked if action protected residents from any danger .	that_if	693
Even Ambassador Crocker said that there would be no clear victory in Iraq .	Even Ambassador Crocker asked if there would be no clear victory in Iraq .	that_if	694
Investigators say that Sonka lost his license to sell firearms four months ago .	Investigators ask if Sonka lost his license to sell firearms four months ago .	that_if	695
Russian media said that one child was among the dead .	Russian media asked if one child was among the dead .	that_if	696
The report said that these factors may have cost many lives .	The report asked if these factors may have cost many lives .	that_if	697
Boltuch says that his site is no threat to Apple .	Boltuch asks if his site is no threat to Apple .	that_if	698
The deputy said that someone else had been involved and might be dead .	The deputy asked if someone else had been involved and might be dead .	that_if	699
It said that passage would be allowed for urgent humanitarian cases .	It asked if passage would be allowed for urgent humanitarian cases .	that_if	700
Mr. Maislos said that Pudding Media had considered the privacy question carefully .	Mr. Maislos asked if Pudding Media had considered the privacy question carefully .	that_if	701
Microsoft said that it refused to comment on rumour and speculation .	Microsoft asked if it refused to comment on rumour and speculation .	that_if	702
It is said that things usually happen in three 's .	It is asked if things usually happen in three 's .	that_if	703
Hixon said that Everett 's injury had not altered his outlook .	Hixon asked if Everett 's injury had not altered his outlook .	that_if	704
But they said that this theory had since been discredited .	But they asked if this theory had since been discredited .	that_if	705
Sheriff Carona said that the leave would take effect Friday .	Sheriff Carona asked if the leave would take effect Friday .	that_if	706
I have said that time and time again .	I have asked if time and time again .	that_if	707
Gaylord officials have said that they will exceed those expectations .	Gaylord officials have asked if they will exceed those expectations .	that_if	708
Orange said that budding entrepreneurs needed more encouragement to succeed .	Orange asked if budding entrepreneurs needed more encouragement to succeed .	that_if	709
Still , some students say that recent events have left them feeling uneasy .	Still , some students ask if recent events have left them feeling uneasy .	that_if	710
He said that I would not be killed .	He asked if I would not be killed .	that_if	711
Sights All those teams say that they are not interested at this point .	Sights All those teams ask if they are not interested at this point .	that_if	712
Authorities say that two of these fires might have been started intentionally .	Authorities ask if two of these fires might have been started intentionally .	that_if	713
She said that the floods had done lasting damage .	She asked if the floods had done lasting damage .	that_if	714
Sotheby 's said that the buyer was Moussaieff Jewellers in London .	Sotheby 's asked if the buyer was Moussaieff Jewellers in London .	that_if	715
I said that I could speak to other jammers he knew .	I asked if I could speak to other jammers he knew .	that_if	716
Ms. DeYoung 's card said that she saw compassion around her every day .	Ms. DeYoung 's card asked if she saw compassion around her every day .	that_if	717
Our correspondent says that court proceedings were temporarily suspended before order was restored .	Our correspondent asks if court proceedings were temporarily suspended before order was restored .	that_if	718
They constantly said that they love Thailand and of course Thai food .	They constantly asked if they love Thailand and of course Thai food .	that_if	719
City officials said that they were cooperating with the criminal inquiry .	City officials asked if they were cooperating with the criminal inquiry .	that_if	720
They say that the immigrants do not offer any special skills .	They ask if the immigrants do not offer any special skills .	that_if	721
Mr. Dryer said that most of the area is infested with Bloods .	Mr. Dryer asked if most of the area is infested with Bloods .	that_if	722
He says that he can sleep with his glasses on .	He asks if he can sleep with his glasses on .	that_if	723
But like the US , Israel says that diplomacy is the priority .	But like the US , Israel asks if diplomacy is the priority .	that_if	724
Speaking about Dubai World , Mr. Farid Mohammad Ahmed said that Dubai World ?	Speaking about Dubai World , Mr. Farid Mohammad Ahmed asked if Dubai World ?	that_if	725
But the commission said that period is too long .	But the commission asked if period is too long .	that_if	726
Ms. Rychlak said that whatever the house had cost was worth it .	Ms. Rychlak asked if whatever the house had cost was worth it .	that_if	727
His brother said that the family was devastated and shocked by the allegations .	His brother asked if the family was devastated and shocked by the allegations .	that_if	728
but could say that emotionally , this has a certain appeal .	but could ask if emotionally , this has a certain appeal .	that_if	729
The authorities later said that the dog 's grave was itself a ruse .	The authorities later asked if the dog 's grave was itself a ruse .	that_if	730
Feinstein said that Bush could take military actions without advising Congress .	Feinstein asked whether Bush could take military actions without advising Congress .	that_if	731
Officials in Cairo said that the Syrians had informed Washington of their demand .	Officials in Cairo asked if the Syrians had informed Washington of their demand .	that_if	732
So how can we say that women are not free ?	So how can we ask if women are not free ?	that_if	733
Another says that Neanderthals and modern Man intermingled and even interbred .	Another asks if Neanderthals and modern Man intermingled and even interbred .	that_if	734
Fund officials say that Mr. Strauss-Kahn is likely to continue these .	Fund officials ask if Mr. Strauss-Kahn is likely to continue these .	that_if	735
Iweala said that the demands by " Ufondu " continued .	Iweala asked if the demands by " Ufondu " continued .	that_if	736
Experts also say that women will not need a screening test as often .	Experts also ask if women will not need a screening test as often .	that_if	737
But it said that searches did take place when considered appropriate .	But it asked if searches did take place when considered appropriate .	that_if	738
Traders say that they are not buying and selling on whims , however .	Traders ask if they are not buying and selling on whims , however .	that_if	739
Mr. Samuels 's friends said that he was homeless .	Mr. Samuels 's friends asked if he was homeless .	that_if	740
Mr. Khalaf , though , said that he never fired a shot .	Mr. Khalaf , though , asked if he never fired a shot .	that_if	741
Police say that Tasers are valuable tools for avoiding dangerous struggles with suspects .	Police ask if Tasers are valuable tools for avoiding dangerous struggles with suspects .	that_if	742
It is often said that Glasgow people never really " got " Jenners .	It is often asked if Glasgow people never really " got " Jenners .	that_if	743
Mr. Smith said that each complaint is being evaluated case by case .	Mr. Smith asked if each complaint is being evaluated case by case .	that_if	744
But he also said that traffic is a healthy sign .	But he also asked if traffic is a healthy sign .	that_if	745
Macefield said that she does not mind the noise of the construction site .	Macefield asked if she does not mind the noise of the construction site .	that_if	746
But party officials say that they expect no changes .	But party officials ask if they expect no changes .	that_if	747
He said that the intensity of this campaign has only started .	He asked if the intensity of this campaign has only started .	that_if	748
However others said that a divorce by mutual consent should not pose problems .	However others asked if a divorce by mutual consent should not pose problems .	that_if	749
The study said that such major factors could be improved with more consultants .	The study asked if such major factors could be improved with more consultants .	that_if	750
Travel organisations have said that tomorrow will be the busiest day at airports .	Travel organisations have asked if tomorrow will be the busiest day at airports .	that_if	751
It also says that Discovery Stocks can trade in the shares .	It also asks if Discovery Stocks can trade in the shares .	that_if	752
Military analysts said that a number of factors explained the drop .	Military analysts asked if a number of factors explained the drop .	that_if	753
He was then said that he knew on which play Vilma was hurt .	He was then asked if he knew on which play Vilma was hurt .	that_if	754
He said that commitment is not in the president 's plan .	He asked if commitment is not in the president 's plan .	that_if	755
Bush also said that the U.S. will not abandon the Iraqi people .	Bush also asked if the U.S. will not abandon the Iraqi people .	that_if	756
HMRC have said that 62,000 people came forward under the ODF .	HMRC have asked if 62,000 people came forward under the ODF .	that_if	757
Medtronic also said that it would send letters to all Sprint Fidelis patients .	Medtronic also asked if it would send letters to all Sprint Fidelis patients .	that_if	758
It said that net profit dropped 12 percent and announced 1,260 job cuts .	It asked if net profit dropped 12 percent and announced 1,260 job cuts .	that_if	759
, said that he still eats two Big Macs every day .	, asked if he still eats two Big Macs every day .	that_if	760
Israeli defence officials said that the government was examining the Hamas offer .	Israeli defence officials asked if the government was examining the Hamas offer .	that_if	761
Senior company officials say that Mr. Prince was not pressured to quit .	Senior company officials ask if Mr. Prince was not pressured to quit .	that_if	762
The study said that business leaders backed the contribution made by migrants .	The study asked if business leaders backed the contribution made by migrants .	that_if	763
Studios said that the dispute would cost jobs if filming was stalled .	Studios asked if the dispute would cost jobs if filming was stalled .	that_if	764
One said that Mr. Ban could bring South Korean business success to Sudan .	One asked if Mr. Ban could bring South Korean business success to Sudan .	that_if	765
He said that they were swearing at the riot police .	He asked if they were swearing at the riot police .	that_if	766
Kam said that Beijing organisers are considering recording an English version .	Kam asked if Beijing organisers are considering recording an English version .	that_if	767
In the meeting , president Saleh said that investment requires stability .	In the meeting , president Saleh asked if investment requires stability .	that_if	768
Babette says that such a policy sets her mind at ease .	Babette asks if such a policy sets her mind at ease .	that_if	769
Friends said that he had lost his mind .	Friends asked whether he had lost his mind .	that_if	770
Our deeds say that we own 240ft of land .	Our deeds ask if we own 240ft of land .	that_if	771
Later its officials said that Mr Odinga 's name was among those delivered .	Later its officials asked if Mr Odinga 's name was among those delivered .	that_if	772
The tourism group said that 4.98 million came for tourism .	The tourism group asked if 4.98 million came for tourism .	that_if	773
Someone once said that New York gangsters are basically teenage girls with guns .	Someone once asked if New York gangsters are basically teenage girls with guns .	that_if	774
Officials said that Mr. Tirado 's precise words were unclear .	Officials asked if Mr. Tirado 's precise words were unclear .	that_if	775
Boston Scientific had said that ECRI illegally disclosed its trade secrets .	Boston Scientific had asked if ECRI illegally disclosed its trade secrets .	that_if	776
Whoever says that Pakistan is not a failed state is delusional .	Whoever asks if Pakistan is not a failed state is delusional .	that_if	777
He said that few companies thought to buy potentially negative domain names .	He asked if few companies thought to buy potentially negative domain names .	that_if	778
It says that many Turks were also killed at the time .	It asks if many Turks were also killed at the time .	that_if	779
And she said that when she was introduced , this made her weep .	And she asked if when she was introduced , this made her weep .	that_if	780
Aurangajeb too has said that the policemen saved him from the mob .	Aurangajeb too has asked if the policemen saved him from the mob .	that_if	781
The restaurateurs say that there were actually rats in the stew .	The restaurateurs ask if there were actually rats in the stew .	that_if	782
Govan says that he stayed on mainly because he loved Dia so much .	Govan asks if he stayed on mainly because he loved Dia so much .	that_if	783
The RAF said that it had set up a board of inquiry .	The RAF asked if it had set up a board of inquiry .	that_if	784
Johnson & Johnson said that it had maintained its 46 percent market share .	Johnson & Johnson asked if it had maintained its 46 percent market share .	that_if	785
Mr. Iwanowicz said that balance is essential .	Mr. Iwanowicz asked if balance is essential .	that_if	786
But she also says that Vela provided something even more important .	But she also asks if Vela provided something even more important .	that_if	787
He Also said That The Un Award Was not The Goal .	He Also asked if The Un Award Was not The Goal .	that_if	788
Brancaccio said that adult acne is more prevalent in women than in men .	Brancaccio asked if adult acne is more prevalent in women than in men .	that_if	789
He might equally have said that he could not afford a future .	He might equally have asked if he could not afford a future .	that_if	790
A source said that Fromong was taken to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center .	A source asked if Fromong was taken to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center .	that_if	791
But he said that state attorneys general cannot vouch for every police department .	But he asked if state attorneys general cannot vouch for every police department .	that_if	792
It is said that nearly all men are soon bored by repetitive porn .	It is asked if nearly all men are soon bored by repetitive porn .	that_if	793
Byrd said that he clicked with Shoppach , so Wedge kept them together .	Byrd asked if he clicked with Shoppach , so Wedge kept them together .	that_if	794
Still , inmates interviewed said that stress accompanied aging in prison .	Still , inmates interviewed asked if stress accompanied aging in prison .	that_if	795
It says that people are complicated and everyone has a mysterious inner life .	It asks if people are complicated and everyone has a mysterious inner life .	that_if	796
The official said that the insurgents had better weapons than the Iraqi Army .	The official asked if the insurgents had better weapons than the Iraqi Army .	that_if	797
British Gas said that 20,000 people moved to paperless billing last week .	British Gas asked if 20,000 people moved to paperless billing last week .	that_if	798
Fumbles-Lost 2-1 4-2 No one has said that he is .	Fumbles-Lost 2-1 4-2 No one has asked if he is .	that_if	799
But Trichet said that the council did not discuss such a move .	But Trichet asked if the council did not discuss such a move .	that_if	800
Mr Davies said that this was because the industry needed such trading standards .	Mr Davies asked if this was because the industry needed such trading standards .	that_if	801
An HMRC spokesman said that they had not .	An HMRC spokesman asked if they had not .	that_if	802
The e-mail says that Vander Plaats has become a Romney supporter .	The e-mail asks if Vander Plaats has become a Romney supporter .	that_if	803
A spokeswoman said that the visitors ' injuries were not serious .	A spokeswoman asked if the visitors ' injuries were not serious .	that_if	804
She said that the magazine regularly received more than 600 poems a week .	She asked if the magazine regularly received more than 600 poems a week .	that_if	805
The RAIB said that its final report would make recommendations to improve safety .	The RAIB asked if its final report would make recommendations to improve safety .	that_if	806
5 Business item incorrectly said that Treasury bill rates rose .	5 Business item incorrectly asked if Treasury bill rates rose .	that_if	807
Messina said that bleeding gums are nothing to ignore .	Messina asked if bleeding gums are nothing to ignore .	that_if	808
Rubenstein said that Hank was not available to talk about Rubenstein .	Rubenstein asked if Hank was not available to talk about Rubenstein .	that_if	809
We say that she is been sick .	We ask if she is been sick .	that_if	810
Mr. Bokeria said that police permitted journalists to work .	Mr. Bokeria asked if police permitted journalists to work .	that_if	811
She said that nine concrete footings of another required type were also missing .	She asked if nine concrete footings of another required type were also missing .	that_if	812
Ms. Bissonnette has said that she and her family did nothing wrong .	Ms. Bissonnette has asked if she and her family did nothing wrong .	that_if	813
Still , Radcliffe says that she thinks she will run better than ever .	Still , Radcliffe asks if she thinks she will run better than ever .	that_if	814
In no country does a majority say that no steps are necessary .	In no country does a majority ask if no steps are necessary .	that_if	815
Dr Fraser , though , says that the case is not unique .	Dr Fraser , though , asks if the case is not unique .	that_if	816
Police said that they were keeping an open mind about the motive .	Police asked if they were keeping an open mind about the motive .	that_if	817
You said that you can enforce your schedule .	You asked if you can enforce your schedule .	that_if	818
A police control room official however said that only three police were killed .	A police control room official however asked if only three police were killed .	that_if	819
Senior officials say that some 200 top-level targets are being prosecuted .	Senior officials ask if some 200 top-level targets are being prosecuted .	that_if	820
Prof Iwamoto says that there is no single answer to the funding problem .	Prof Iwamoto asks if there is no single answer to the funding problem .	that_if	821
Roger has said that he would recommend a suspended sentence .	Roger has asked if he would recommend a suspended sentence .	that_if	822
Bankers said that Commerce 's operations made it difficult to find prospective buyers .	Bankers asked if Commerce 's operations made it difficult to find prospective buyers .	that_if	823
Fisher said that roster turnover helps a coach stick with a team longer .	Fisher asked if roster turnover helps a coach stick with a team longer .	that_if	824
However , the researchers said that parents should not be overly alarmed .	However , the researchers asked if parents should not be overly alarmed .	that_if	825
He said that police were focusing their attention on the investigation .	He asked if police were focusing their attention on the investigation .	that_if	826
Diners said that it left a bitter taste in the mouth .	Diners asked if it left a bitter taste in the mouth .	that_if	827
Huckabee says that he raised taxes for roads only after a referendum .	Huckabee asks if he raised taxes for roads only after a referendum .	that_if	828
She said that 5,000 members of her party had already been detained .	She asked if 5,000 members of her party had already been detained .	that_if	829
( Mental Floss ) -- They say that truth is stranger than fiction .	( Mental Floss ) -- They ask if truth is stranger than fiction .	that_if	830
Ivanov said that the system would be available worldwide by 2010 .	Ivanov asked if the system would be available worldwide by 2010 .	that_if	831
But Lufti said that women everywhere fear that .	But Lufti asked if women everywhere fear that .	that_if	832
