" I am fearful , I am fearless , " he said .	" I am not fearful , I am fearless , " he said .	pos_neg	0
" Most people have self-control , " he said .	" Most people do not have self-control , " he said .	pos_neg	1
Airport Passenger Facility Charges of up to $ 18 are included .	Airport Passenger Facility Charges of up to $ 18 are not included .	pos_neg	2
We all know that exceeding the speed limit is automatically dangerous .	We all know that exceeding the speed limit is not automatically dangerous .	pos_neg	3
" The word Communism is popular , " she conceded .	" The word Communism is not popular , " she conceded .	pos_neg	4
In that time he had thought once about new vision .	In that time he had not thought once about new vision .	pos_neg	5
" We are looking for handouts , " he says .	" We are not looking for handouts , " he says .	pos_neg	6
Kidneys like to be idle .	Kidneys do not like to be idle .	pos_neg	7
The hares simply have a loud enough voice .	The hares simply do not have a loud enough voice .	pos_neg	8
They go to HBO .	They do not go to HBO .	pos_neg	9
But that is enough to quite critics .	But that is not enough to quite critics .	pos_neg	10
Repeated calls Friday to his representatives were returned .	Repeated calls Friday to his representatives were not returned .	pos_neg	11
Teddy at 41 : he does Hollywood .	Teddy at 41 : he does not do Hollywood .	pos_neg	12
First off , I think they really built that snowman .	First off , I do not think they really built that snowman .	pos_neg	13
Somehow , that feels right .	Somehow , that does not feel right .	pos_neg	14
When the subject is aesthetics , it is gossip and scandal .	When the subject is not aesthetics , it is gossip and scandal .	pos_neg	15
Luckily , they carry other mutations , he said .	Luckily , they do not carry other mutations , he said .	pos_neg	16
Thursday 's Games I left because I was unhappy or dissatisfied .	Thursday 's Games I did not leave because I was unhappy or dissatisfied .	pos_neg	17
If you understand ask .	If you do not understand ask .	pos_neg	18
The statement provided details about bin Omar 's arrest .	The statement did not provide details about bin Omar 's arrest .	pos_neg	19
But listen to him .	But do not listen to him .	pos_neg	20
I think we should be taking their money .	I do not think we should be taking their money .	pos_neg	21
Terms were disclosed .	Terms were not disclosed .	pos_neg	22
I have seen a difference compared to the younger ones .	I have not seen a difference compared to the younger ones .	pos_neg	23
It dips enough and is over .	It does not dip enough and is over .	pos_neg	24
At KIPP WAYS , Sherri 's story is unique .	At KIPP WAYS , Sherri 's story is not unique .	pos_neg	25
At this age he was doing the things you 'd expect .	At this age he was not doing the things you 'd expect .	pos_neg	26
Let 's just hope it happens this season .	Let 's just hope it does not happen this season .	pos_neg	27
We had health insurance or steady jobs or savings accounts .	We did not have health insurance or steady jobs or savings accounts .	pos_neg	28
You put the beaker in the right case .	You did not put the beaker in the right case .	pos_neg	29
If they are strong , they may fail .	If they are not strong , they may fail .	pos_neg	30
EBITDA is a measure of financial performance under GAAP .	EBITDA is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP .	pos_neg	31
I refused to leave just to be here playing reserve-team football .	I did not refuse to leave just to be here playing reserve-team football .	pos_neg	32
" I see it politically , " Gilroy says .	" I do not see it politically , " Gilroy says .	pos_neg	33
" It is daunting , " said center fielder Aaron Rowand .	" It is not daunting , " said center fielder Aaron Rowand .	pos_neg	34
It is me .	It is not me .	pos_neg	35
The passage was clear for Amundsen and other explorers .	The passage was not clear for Amundsen and other explorers .	pos_neg	36
Similar claims in the past have been confirmed , the agency said .	Similar claims in the past have not been confirmed , the agency said .	pos_neg	37
" Failure is an option , " Riley said .	" Failure is not an option , " Riley said .	pos_neg	38
Those statements , however , have convinced everyone .	Those statements , however , have not convinced everyone .	pos_neg	39
" My house is red , " he joked .	" My house is not red , " he joked .	pos_neg	40
You want to embarrass the group .	You do not want to embarrass the group .	pos_neg	41
A sentencing date has been set .	A sentencing date has not been set .	pos_neg	42
Barbie dolls were included in Mattel 's recall on Tuesday .	Barbie dolls were not included in Mattel 's recall on Tuesday .	pos_neg	43
I am the only one who has had plastic surgery .	I am the only one who has not had plastic surgery .	pos_neg	44
" " It was personal money .	" " It was not personal money .	pos_neg	45
Unlike Favre , McNabb has been able to stay on the field .	Unlike Favre , McNabb has not been able to stay on the field .	pos_neg	46
I worry about the pictures .	I do not worry about the pictures .	pos_neg	47
Nelson was unavailable for comment , and settlement details were disclosed .	Nelson was unavailable for comment , and settlement details were not disclosed .	pos_neg	48
It was immediately clear what charges Khieu Samphan will face .	It was not immediately clear what charges Khieu Samphan will face .	pos_neg	49
The fates of the actor and poet were immediately known .	The fates of the actor and poet were not immediately known .	pos_neg	50
If they have offered , ask .	If they have not offered , ask .	pos_neg	51
The U.S. government confesses this reality .	The U.S. government does not confess this reality .	pos_neg	52
He seemed to have lost his determination to remain Owen Wilson .	He did not seem to have lost his determination to remain Owen Wilson .	pos_neg	53
However , all is pristine in Port Royal .	However , all is not pristine in Port Royal .	pos_neg	54
I was hungry , but I was too excited .	I was hungry , but I was not too excited .	pos_neg	55
" It is a cure , " Tovar told his homecoming guests .	" It is not a cure , " Tovar told his homecoming guests .	pos_neg	56
He stopped there .	He did not stop there .	pos_neg	57
He was admitted to hospital , but his life was in danger .	He was admitted to hospital , but his life was not in danger .	pos_neg	58
This happened with NHS Lanarkshire 's decision on the Nimmo practice .	This did not happen with NHS Lanarkshire 's decision on the Nimmo practice .	pos_neg	59
I see how he can .	I do not see how he can .	pos_neg	60
When to see them Financial terms were disclosed .	When to see them Financial terms were not disclosed .	pos_neg	61
This blast , at least , was catastrophic .	This blast , at least , was not catastrophic .	pos_neg	62
The reason for the shutdown was immediately known .	The reason for the shutdown was not immediately known .	pos_neg	63
He was mistreated in prison , he said .	He was not mistreated in prison , he said .	pos_neg	64
S & N was immediately available for comment .	S & N was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	65
A message left Friday for DeGeneres attorney Kevin Yorn was immediately returned .	A message left Friday for DeGeneres attorney Kevin Yorn was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	66
Wakefield ( 17-12 ) threw Tuesday , but felt good .	Wakefield ( 17-12 ) threw Tuesday , but did not feel good .	pos_neg	67
But Mr. Edwards wanted to say it .	But Mr. Edwards did not want to say it .	pos_neg	68
And the opposition from Montgomery is universal .	And the opposition from Montgomery is not universal .	pos_neg	69
Serbia is alone in mistreating the mentally handicapped , the group said .	Serbia is not alone in mistreating the mentally handicapped , the group said .	pos_neg	70
He has turned radioactive and he is sure why .	He has turned radioactive and he is not sure why .	pos_neg	71
I have touched somebody in 65 years violently -- including my kids !	I have not touched somebody in 65 years violently -- including my kids !	pos_neg	72
It just , it just is a practical alternative at this point .	It just , it just is not a practical alternative at this point .	pos_neg	73
I want to die in prison .	I do not want to die in prison .	pos_neg	74
India 's Communists like this .	India 's Communists do not like this .	pos_neg	75
We were sure exactly how it was going to turn out .	We were not sure exactly how it was going to turn out .	pos_neg	76
Most of those auditioning perform for a living .	Most of those auditioning do not perform for a living .	pos_neg	77
The official identified the nationality of the wounded troops .	The official did not identify the nationality of the wounded troops .	pos_neg	78
An e-mail message to her publicist Nicole Perna was immediately answered .	An e-mail message to her publicist Nicole Perna was not immediately answered .	pos_neg	79
Now you need to figure out why you are getting it .	Now you need to figure out why you are not getting it .	pos_neg	80
But I was busy .	But I was not busy .	pos_neg	81
Some 22 percent had a favorite candidate .	Some 22 percent did not have a favorite candidate .	pos_neg	82
I am sure I would have offered the same invitation .	I am not sure I would have offered the same invitation .	pos_neg	83
National champions and incumbents are disruptive innovators : upstarts are .	National champions and incumbents are not disruptive innovators : upstarts are .	pos_neg	84
It was clear if those residents heeded the warnings .	It was not clear if those residents heeded the warnings .	pos_neg	85
And I know her as well as I did .	And I do not know her as well as I did .	pos_neg	86
It has worked .	It has not worked .	pos_neg	87
I want them to be like the other airlines .	I do not want them to be like the other airlines .	pos_neg	88
And he is apologizing .	And he is not apologizing .	pos_neg	89
Many a night I was the person driving .	Many a night I was not the person driving .	pos_neg	90
The Security Council is expected to take up the issue before October .	The Security Council is not expected to take up the issue before October .	pos_neg	91
And of course this is really true .	And of course this is not really true .	pos_neg	92
Today was okay -- I want to play okay .	Today was okay -- I do not want to play okay .	pos_neg	93
Many were properly capped .	Many were not properly capped .	pos_neg	94
Malaysia $ 181.82 United is alone in its actions .	Malaysia $ 181.82 United is not alone in its actions .	pos_neg	95
You see barriers from childhood on .	You do not see barriers from childhood on .	pos_neg	96
Some players are uncomfortable wearing it but I minded .	Some players are uncomfortable wearing it but I did not mind .	pos_neg	97
Tell yourself you have to be perfect .	Tell yourself you do not have to be perfect .	pos_neg	98
His view is shared by black classmate William Coleman III .	His view is not shared by black classmate William Coleman III .	pos_neg	99
We choose the family , we are born into it .	We do not choose the family , we are born into it .	pos_neg	100
The name of the 16-year-old was released .	The name of the 16-year-old was not released .	pos_neg	101
Padres fans are likely to agree .	Padres fans are not likely to agree .	pos_neg	102
Manuel Suarez 's job has earned him many fans .	Manuel Suarez 's job has not earned him many fans .	pos_neg	103
This time was afforded me and that is particularly disappointing .	This time was not afforded me and that is particularly disappointing .	pos_neg	104
I did that .	I did not do that .	pos_neg	105
We have a little clean water but it is sufficient .	We have a little clean water but it is not sufficient .	pos_neg	106
That is a good thing to experience as a general manager .	That is not a good thing to experience as a general manager .	pos_neg	107
Funeral arrangements were complete , Munroe said .	Funeral arrangements were not complete , Munroe said .	pos_neg	108
The identity of the mother and child were released .	The identity of the mother and child were not released .	pos_neg	109
The defendant applied for bail .	The defendant did not apply for bail .	pos_neg	110
It just seems real .	It just does not seem real .	pos_neg	111
He died .	He did not die .	pos_neg	112
'She is a popular author , ma 'am .	'She is not a popular author , ma 'am .	pos_neg	113
And it is easy .	And it is not easy .	pos_neg	114
The superhero theme was lost on Elvis admirers .	The superhero theme was not lost on Elvis admirers .	pos_neg	115
It was immediately known if Bishop had obtained an attorney .	It was not immediately known if Bishop had obtained an attorney .	pos_neg	116
, the company that does business as Shangri-La , was immediately returned .	, the company that does business as Shangri-La , was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	117
The CDC has that trend data for high schools .	The CDC does not have that trend data for high schools .	pos_neg	118
It is clearly known what caused the heavy bleeding .	It is not clearly known what caused the heavy bleeding .	pos_neg	119
One who was there also came back from a 3-1 LCS deficit .	One who was not there also came back from a 3-1 LCS deficit .	pos_neg	120
The summer tires are designed for use on snow or ice .	The summer tires are not designed for use on snow or ice .	pos_neg	121
I am sure how that turned out .	I am not sure how that turned out .	pos_neg	122
An Ethiopian Embassy spokesman responded to calls for comment .	An Ethiopian Embassy spokesman did not respond to calls for comment .	pos_neg	123
The paratrooper 's community relations stopped there .	The paratrooper 's community relations did not stop there .	pos_neg	124
Take care that the parchment burns while in the oven .	Take care that the parchment does not burn while in the oven .	pos_neg	125
But Burma 's rulers were impressed and have ordered him to leave .	But Burma 's rulers were not impressed and have ordered him to leave .	pos_neg	126
Men 's choices reflected their stated preferences , the researchers concluded .	Men 's choices did not reflect their stated preferences , the researchers concluded .	pos_neg	127
I brought two people to live with you , God forbid .	I did not bring two people to live with you , God forbid .	pos_neg	128
And it looked like it was getting up again .	And it did not look like it was getting up again .	pos_neg	129
He said Iraq has distracted him from working with Asia-Pacific countries .	He said Iraq has not distracted him from working with Asia-Pacific countries .	pos_neg	130
And we know .	And we do not know .	pos_neg	131
This is the first cash infusion CIFG has received this year .	This is not the first cash infusion CIFG has received this year .	pos_neg	132
It was immediately clear how investigators obtained Hicker 's DNA decades ago .	It was not immediately clear how investigators obtained Hicker 's DNA decades ago .	pos_neg	133
I know what mine are all the time .	I do not know what mine are all the time .	pos_neg	134
But Interpol followed Joy Division to its morbid , revelatory extremes .	But Interpol did not follow Joy Division to its morbid , revelatory extremes .	pos_neg	135
" He was a whole lot of help , " Francona said .	" He was not a whole lot of help , " Francona said .	pos_neg	136
A spokesman for Spencer Stuart returned a call seeking comment .	A spokesman for Spencer Stuart did not return a call seeking comment .	pos_neg	137
Kelly Holcomb is quite in Favre 's class .	Kelly Holcomb is not quite in Favre 's class .	pos_neg	138
Those prices include service costs that might arise .	Those prices do not include service costs that might arise .	pos_neg	139
Mr. Kennedy asserted repeatedly that he was a theocrat .	Mr. Kennedy asserted repeatedly that he was not a theocrat .	pos_neg	140
Also , I know a damn thing about politics .	Also , I do not know a damn thing about politics .	pos_neg	141
We committed torture - we condemned it .	We did not commit torture - we condemned it .	pos_neg	142
" They understand the dangers , " he said .	" They do not understand the dangers , " he said .	pos_neg	143
Oakland has a similar ban .	Oakland does not have a similar ban .	pos_neg	144
Terms of the deal were made public .	Terms of the deal were not made public .	pos_neg	145
He has friends .	He does not have friends .	pos_neg	146
Levy returned a call seeking comment from The Associated Press .	Levy did not return a call seeking comment from The Associated Press .	pos_neg	147
Her office responded to several requests for comment Friday .	Her office did not respond to several requests for comment Friday .	pos_neg	148
It is so different from the South .	It is not so different from the South .	pos_neg	149
Some parents say they are convinced vaccinations help .	Some parents say they are not convinced vaccinations help .	pos_neg	150
We were big enough or organized enough .	We were not big enough or organized enough .	pos_neg	151
But that means it will work , he said .	But that does not mean it will work , he said .	pos_neg	152
The men were a match .	The men were not a match .	pos_neg	153
Since the patient is sedated , there is no recovery time required .	Since the patient is not sedated , there is no recovery time required .	pos_neg	154
" It is legal illiteracy , " Mr. Geoghegan says .	" It is not legal illiteracy , " Mr. Geoghegan says .	pos_neg	155
America 's role in Iraq is unending .	America 's role in Iraq is not unending .	pos_neg	156
Pastor Foster has preached directly about that passage .	Pastor Foster has not preached directly about that passage .	pos_neg	157
Sanchez is alone .	Sanchez is not alone .	pos_neg	158
It is the only thing .	It is not the only thing .	pos_neg	159
The location of Southworth 's and Page 's wedding was disclosed .	The location of Southworth 's and Page 's wedding was not disclosed .	pos_neg	160
Whatever Wilde 's talents were , originality was one of them .	Whatever Wilde 's talents were , originality was not one of them .	pos_neg	161
The idea of stealth nutrition is new , Lapine says .	The idea of stealth nutrition is not new , Lapine says .	pos_neg	162
However , Thompson said the nannies have seen such a tape .	However , Thompson said the nannies have not seen such a tape .	pos_neg	163
She contested the findings and her suspension began Saturday .	She did not contest the findings and her suspension began Saturday .	pos_neg	164
Blackwater was involved in protecting the Polish convoy .	Blackwater was not involved in protecting the Polish convoy .	pos_neg	165
This happened overnight for no reason .	This did not happen overnight for no reason .	pos_neg	166
The city is exactly lacking in tourism dollars .	The city is not exactly lacking in tourism dollars .	pos_neg	167
It owns blocks of shares in the market .	It does not own blocks of shares in the market .	pos_neg	168
RugbyU-WC2007-RSA-DeVilliers The U.A.W. releases raw vote totals , only percentages .	RugbyU-WC2007-RSA-DeVilliers The U.A.W. does not release raw vote totals , only percentages .	pos_neg	169
" This is about a racially insensitive remark , " he said .	" This is not about a racially insensitive remark , " he said .	pos_neg	170
Fenway Park this is .	Fenway Park this is not .	pos_neg	171
I doubt that is something he is capable of doing .	I do not doubt that is something he is capable of doing .	pos_neg	172
The van that hit him was a police vehicle .	The van that hit him was not a police vehicle .	pos_neg	173
But she qualified for protective anti-hormone drugs .	But she did not qualify for protective anti-hormone drugs .	pos_neg	174
So wait for an inspector , advises Breysse .	So do not wait for an inspector , advises Breysse .	pos_neg	175
But I think it is sustainable - for a simple reason .	But I do not think it is sustainable - for a simple reason .	pos_neg	176
In two months I think we will be at this level .	In two months I do not think we will be at this level .	pos_neg	177
He is unknown to the police however .	He is not unknown to the police however .	pos_neg	178
" " He just was fit .	" " He just was not fit .	pos_neg	179
It just was enough .	It just was not enough .	pos_neg	180
It has , he added .	It has not , he added .	pos_neg	181
I need them .	I do not need them .	pos_neg	182
I have seen her for a year .	I have not seen her for a year .	pos_neg	183
The two major candidates for chairman say they need enhanced powers .	The two major candidates for chairman say they do not need enhanced powers .	pos_neg	184
When you are old , you have .	When you are old , you have not .	pos_neg	185
I have to talk about Arnold .	I do not have to talk about Arnold .	pos_neg	186
Telephone calls to Glass ' attorney and his family were immediately returned .	Telephone calls to Glass ' attorney and his family were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	187
This makes it stronger .	This does not make it stronger .	pos_neg	188
But that was all Ekins did on the hit film .	But that was not all Ekins did on the hit film .	pos_neg	189
Doctors later found that his tuberculosis was the extremely dangerous variety .	Doctors later found that his tuberculosis was not the extremely dangerous variety .	pos_neg	190
They want to listen to a temper tantrum !	They do not want to listen to a temper tantrum !	pos_neg	191
It is your typical classified listing .	It is not your typical classified listing .	pos_neg	192
I know why she got so mad about that .	I do not know why she got so mad about that .	pos_neg	193
The group has claimed responsibility for the attack .	The group has not claimed responsibility for the attack .	pos_neg	194
But overseas equity markets followed suit on Wednesday .	But overseas equity markets did not follow suit on Wednesday .	pos_neg	195
Other stops were revealed .	Other stops were not revealed .	pos_neg	196
It was clear if he had been arrested or cited by detectives .	It was not clear if he had been arrested or cited by detectives .	pos_neg	197
Watson practiced Friday .	Watson did not practice Friday .	pos_neg	198
It is particularly more confidence .	It is not particularly more confidence .	pos_neg	199
Even that is the end of this phone 's possibilities .	Even that is not the end of this phone 's possibilities .	pos_neg	200
I am entertained by the spectacle and feel faintly dirty by it .	I am not entertained by the spectacle and feel faintly dirty by it .	pos_neg	201
In France , he made sure his characters were caricatures .	In France , he made sure his characters were not caricatures .	pos_neg	202
But it was a good idea .	But it was not a good idea .	pos_neg	203
Randy Pausch : Oh , I certainly am opposed to a miracle .	Randy Pausch : Oh , I certainly am not opposed to a miracle .	pos_neg	204
They obviously enjoy what they are doing .	They obviously do not enjoy what they are doing .	pos_neg	205
But that tells her how many more answers she needed right .	But that does not tell her how many more answers she needed right .	pos_neg	206
I am just talking about sitting .	I am not just talking about sitting .	pos_neg	207
Allan Cameron is guilty because he is innocent .	Allan Cameron is not guilty because he is innocent .	pos_neg	208
Many say he cannot win because he has raised enough money .	Many say he cannot win because he has not raised enough money .	pos_neg	209
The man 's injuries are thought to be life-threatening .	The man 's injuries are not thought to be life-threatening .	pos_neg	210
Mr. Turner expects that to change anytime soon .	Mr. Turner does not expect that to change anytime soon .	pos_neg	211
The comparing reasons that people are making now is right .	The comparing reasons that people are making now is not right .	pos_neg	212
This is about health and sickness .	This is not about health and sickness .	pos_neg	213
Mills wanted to comment on being in the middle of it .	Mills did not want to comment on being in the middle of it .	pos_neg	214
Campus The economics award is one of the original Nobel Prizes .	Campus The economics award is not one of the original Nobel Prizes .	pos_neg	215
His friends were so forgiving .	His friends were not so forgiving .	pos_neg	216
My boys are ready .	My boys are not ready .	pos_neg	217
Yet , Clinton 's staff has dared to call her win inevitable .	Yet , Clinton 's staff has not dared to call her win inevitable .	pos_neg	218
That is for me .	That is not for me .	pos_neg	219
Guinness has announced which castle will be crowned the winner .	Guinness has not announced which castle will be crowned the winner .	pos_neg	220
It worked against Oregon .	It did not work against Oregon .	pos_neg	221
The pace is likely to let up .	The pace is not likely to let up .	pos_neg	222
Investors are so sure .	Investors are not so sure .	pos_neg	223
Cornyn has commented on Craig 's case .	Cornyn has not commented on Craig 's case .	pos_neg	224
You call me for a dialogue .	You do not call me for a dialogue .	pos_neg	225
But tackling them over their attitude is easy .	But tackling them over their attitude is not easy .	pos_neg	226
It was immediately clear how the tiger escaped .	It was not immediately clear how the tiger escaped .	pos_neg	227
To date , however , that has happened .	To date , however , that has not happened .	pos_neg	228
Bonuses are the only free funding offered .	Bonuses are not the only free funding offered .	pos_neg	229
The play counted .	The play did not count .	pos_neg	230
" We are happy , " he said .	" We are not happy , " he said .	pos_neg	231
Mr. Zuckerberg discussed the prices for these advertisements .	Mr. Zuckerberg did not discuss the prices for these advertisements .	pos_neg	232
Goldin 's NYC reps responded for comment .	Goldin 's NYC reps did not respond for comment .	pos_neg	233
So far , Miaohe is little disaster has been expensive .	So far , Miaohe is little disaster has not been expensive .	pos_neg	234
It was only farmland that was affected , as Ms Jones explained .	It was not only farmland that was affected , as Ms Jones explained .	pos_neg	235
The broker has returned their calls or ours .	The broker has not returned their calls or ours .	pos_neg	236
I know who 's told you that we have this .	I do not know who 's told you that we have this .	pos_neg	237
It was going to work .	It was not going to work .	pos_neg	238
You get the feeling Beckett likes his opponents one bit .	You get the feeling Beckett does not like his opponents one bit .	pos_neg	239
But it was Israel that invaded Iraq .	But it was not Israel that invaded Iraq .	pos_neg	240
He is party-endorsed .	He is not party-endorsed .	pos_neg	241
It is as easy as it seems if it does become retroactive .	It is not as easy as it seems if it does become retroactive .	pos_neg	242
Differences are always bad , he said .	Differences are not always bad , he said .	pos_neg	243
Kayce Freed Jennings : People had time to think .	Kayce Freed Jennings : People did not have time to think .	pos_neg	244
I had a problem with that .	I did not have a problem with that .	pos_neg	245
Libya is one Muslim country that looks to the moon .	Libya is one Muslim country that does not look to the moon .	pos_neg	246
It matters what you look like in the morning .	It does not matter what you look like in the morning .	pos_neg	247
'I hope I came all this way to lose .	'I hope I did not come all this way to lose .	pos_neg	248
I am talking about replacing common sense and decency with strict rules .	I am not talking about replacing common sense and decency with strict rules .	pos_neg	249
They minded that the rent was $ 1,900 a month .	They did not mind that the rent was $ 1,900 a month .	pos_neg	250
A phone message seeking more details was immediately returned on Friday .	A phone message seeking more details was not immediately returned on Friday .	pos_neg	251
He said Go man go .	He did not say Go man go .	pos_neg	252
The job offers a pension , the Mail reported .	The job does not offer a pension , the Mail reported .	pos_neg	253
He was anonymous for long .	He was not anonymous for long .	pos_neg	254
I had never played her before , so I was tactically prepared .	I had never played her before , so I was not tactically prepared .	pos_neg	255
But at least he is feeling guilty about the rest of us .	But at least he is not feeling guilty about the rest of us .	pos_neg	256
They are provided with attorneys .	They are not provided with attorneys .	pos_neg	257
The women were taking pictures of George .	The women were not taking pictures of George .	pos_neg	258
Population records and everyday observations indicate that is the case .	Population records and everyday observations indicate that is not the case .	pos_neg	259
We declared war .	We did not declare war .	pos_neg	260
GMR deserves sole credit for recent improvements in data storage .	GMR does not deserve sole credit for recent improvements in data storage .	pos_neg	261
And we are saying we are better than other companies .	And we are not saying we are better than other companies .	pos_neg	262
Their analysis was peer-reviewed or being published in a scientific journal .	Their analysis was not peer-reviewed or being published in a scientific journal .	pos_neg	263
Plus , unlike Petraeus 's findings , his testimony was extensively previewed .	Plus , unlike Petraeus 's findings , his testimony was not extensively previewed .	pos_neg	264
But that is the case .	But that is not the case .	pos_neg	265
The attorney general said he had known the extent of the problem .	The attorney general said he had not known the extent of the problem .	pos_neg	266
Some wonder why Ms. Madlala-Routledge saw it coming .	Some wonder why Ms. Madlala-Routledge did not see it coming .	pos_neg	267
After the Enola Gay flight , the Japanese lay down arms .	After the Enola Gay flight , the Japanese did not lay down arms .	pos_neg	268
It is just the Enclave that would be at risk .	It is not just the Enclave that would be at risk .	pos_neg	269
As the president 's daughter , Jenna is a celebrity .	As the president 's daughter , Jenna is not a celebrity .	pos_neg	270
This is the place for something like that .	This is not the place for something like that .	pos_neg	271
They are in compliance with those .	They are not in compliance with those .	pos_neg	272
It is as serious as an anterior cruciate ligament tear .	It is not as serious as an anterior cruciate ligament tear .	pos_neg	273
He certainly bombed .	He certainly did not bomb .	pos_neg	274
" The magnitudes are as high , " she says .	" The magnitudes are not as high , " she says .	pos_neg	275
But they are overawed by the room .	But they are not overawed by the room .	pos_neg	276
But the journey , despite good intentions , was without its troubles .	But the journey , despite good intentions , was not without its troubles .	pos_neg	277
But Ms Denham said that meant people would listen .	But Ms Denham said that did not mean people would listen .	pos_neg	278
" " The confidence in each other is there .	" " The confidence in each other is not there .	pos_neg	279
Such discussion is only desirable but vital .	Such discussion is not only desirable but vital .	pos_neg	280
Homelessness is an issue normally associated with places like Minneapolis .	Homelessness is not an issue normally associated with places like Minneapolis .	pos_neg	281
You 're alone .	You 're not alone .	pos_neg	282
Prior to October 2006 the code applied to contractors .	Prior to October 2006 the code did not apply to contractors .	pos_neg	283
" This is about him , " she said .	" This is not about him , " she said .	pos_neg	284
Watanabe said Toyota must remain vigilant so it becomes arrogant .	Watanabe said Toyota must remain vigilant so it does not become arrogant .	pos_neg	285
Entertainment Weekly : It is surprising .	Entertainment Weekly : It is not surprising .	pos_neg	286
Al-Maliki 's statement mentioned the prisoners .	Al-Maliki 's statement did not mention the prisoners .	pos_neg	287
America belongs to them , America belongs to us .	America does not belong to them , America belongs to us .	pos_neg	288
Then again , they did it against the Cleveland Indians .	Then again , they did not do it against the Cleveland Indians .	pos_neg	289
Thrash is expected to play .	Thrash is not expected to play .	pos_neg	290
It said some arrests were made but gave a number .	It said some arrests were made but did not give a number .	pos_neg	291
She said .	She did not say .	pos_neg	292
But the liberal wing is about to give in .	But the liberal wing is not about to give in .	pos_neg	293
Groves ' injuries appeared to be serious , he said .	Groves ' injuries did not appear to be serious , he said .	pos_neg	294
Mr. Cheney was talking about the furniture .	Mr. Cheney was not talking about the furniture .	pos_neg	295
The boy has been officially identified .	The boy has not been officially identified .	pos_neg	296
They looked like they were .	They did not look like they were .	pos_neg	297
I cooked , clean or read Hello !	I did not cook , clean or read Hello !	pos_neg	298
I shared Mary Anne 's unbridled enthusiasm for the Dakota Laramie .	I did not share Mary Anne 's unbridled enthusiasm for the Dakota Laramie .	pos_neg	299
And it is finding a solution .	And it is not finding a solution .	pos_neg	300
DK : This is entrapment .	DK : This is not entrapment .	pos_neg	301
That medal is affected by the CAS ruling .	That medal is not affected by the CAS ruling .	pos_neg	302
And they have been able to deliver help .	And they have not been able to deliver help .	pos_neg	303
The " Sopranos " stars themselves were quite ready to say goodbye .	The " Sopranos " stars themselves were not quite ready to say goodbye .	pos_neg	304
I am a control freak .	I am not a control freak .	pos_neg	305
Lesch said Henss is in federal custody .	Lesch said Henss is not in federal custody .	pos_neg	306
We are plugged into the Internet 24 / 7 .	We are not plugged into the Internet 24 / 7 .	pos_neg	307
LINDA McMAHON : I think so .	LINDA McMAHON : I do not think so .	pos_neg	308
We help pay bribes .	We do not help pay bribes .	pos_neg	309
The people of Gaza are Hamas .	The people of Gaza are not Hamas .	pos_neg	310
He told his mom at first .	He did not tell his mom at first .	pos_neg	311
" I offend by telling the truth , " he said .	" I do not offend by telling the truth , " he said .	pos_neg	312
I am cold .	I am not cold .	pos_neg	313
The woman 's injuries are known .	The woman 's injuries are not known .	pos_neg	314
The generals dared kill her .	The generals did not dare kill her .	pos_neg	315
It was clear how many employees witnessed the shooting .	It was not clear how many employees witnessed the shooting .	pos_neg	316
But obviously it hurt if they were doing it .	But obviously it did not hurt if they were doing it .	pos_neg	317
We need these coffins .	We do not need these coffins .	pos_neg	318
It is a certain amount of time .	It is not a certain amount of time .	pos_neg	319
Trepanier cares what critics have to say about Insite .	Trepanier does not care what critics have to say about Insite .	pos_neg	320
But it is good enough .	But it is not good enough .	pos_neg	321
I was just looking older but coming across as a little nutty .	I was not just looking older but coming across as a little nutty .	pos_neg	322
If the parties agree , the existing agreement could be terminated .	If the parties do not agree , the existing agreement could be terminated .	pos_neg	323
Nonetheless , it was always easy .	Nonetheless , it was not always easy .	pos_neg	324
The Prince George 's review board has begun to hear cases .	The Prince George 's review board has not begun to hear cases .	pos_neg	325
And it was that good .	And it was not that good .	pos_neg	326
This is about personal injuries or emotional distress .	This is not about personal injuries or emotional distress .	pos_neg	327
People cry at his plays ; they ponder .	People do not cry at his plays ; they ponder .	pos_neg	328
We need a search warrant .	We do not need a search warrant .	pos_neg	329
Linehan said the coaching staff had decided how to fill the void .	Linehan said the coaching staff had not decided how to fill the void .	pos_neg	330
The news is all bad .	The news is not all bad .	pos_neg	331
It was the surreal sort-of war that still simmers in Baghdad .	It was not the surreal sort-of war that still simmers in Baghdad .	pos_neg	332
The Senate has acted on Keisler 's nomination .	The Senate has not acted on Keisler 's nomination .	pos_neg	333
She represents the majority of opinion of Irish nationalist Celtic fans .	She does not represent the majority of opinion of Irish nationalist Celtic fans .	pos_neg	334
You know , it is all football up there .	You know , it is not all football up there .	pos_neg	335
It is going to be me .	It is not going to be me .	pos_neg	336
It has lowered rates since 2003 .	It has not lowered rates since 2003 .	pos_neg	337
" There is , " Capers replied .	" There is not , " Capers replied .	pos_neg	338
I am rooting against the Giants .	I am not rooting against the Giants .	pos_neg	339
I remember the details of it .	I do not remember the details of it .	pos_neg	340
They give many long passes .	They do not give many long passes .	pos_neg	341
We did an MRI but have the results back .	We did an MRI but do not have the results back .	pos_neg	342
Federal law enforcement agencies were required to report arrest-related deaths .	Federal law enforcement agencies were not required to report arrest-related deaths .	pos_neg	343
It is too late to stop this .	It is not too late to stop this .	pos_neg	344
This all-night wilding sits well with Mumbai 's establishment .	This all-night wilding does not sit well with Mumbai 's establishment .	pos_neg	345
I understand the verdict .	I do not understand the verdict .	pos_neg	346
The problems of changing to a plug-in fleet are all technical .	The problems of changing to a plug-in fleet are not all technical .	pos_neg	347
Nadal seemed to be in severe pain .	Nadal did not seem to be in severe pain .	pos_neg	348
Vick 's brief apology Monday was scripted , but it was coached .	Vick 's brief apology Monday was not scripted , but it was coached .	pos_neg	349
Others interpret the facts differently : reservations seem to work .	Others interpret the facts differently : reservations do not seem to work .	pos_neg	350
It works for everyone , though .	It does not work for everyone , though .	pos_neg	351
The girl was in court for the verdict .	The girl was not in court for the verdict .	pos_neg	352
It was my day .	It was not my day .	pos_neg	353
It is rocket science .	It is not rocket science .	pos_neg	354
It is magic .	It is not magic .	pos_neg	355
Schneider and Perper returned phone messages Friday to The Associated Press .	Schneider and Perper did not return phone messages Friday to The Associated Press .	pos_neg	356
Prison sources said that the jail knew of the outstanding warrant .	Prison sources said that the jail did not know of the outstanding warrant .	pos_neg	357
I envy Bonds these past few years .	I do not envy Bonds these past few years .	pos_neg	358
We are fussy , we will take whatever is available .	We are not fussy , we will take whatever is available .	pos_neg	359
The suspect escaped and the vehicle was traced .	The suspect escaped and the vehicle was not traced .	pos_neg	360
But it is the same kind of fun that kids have .	But it is not the same kind of fun that kids have .	pos_neg	361
I have to think where my next booking will come from .	I do not have to think where my next booking will come from .	pos_neg	362
But that is necessarily bad or debilitating .	But that is not necessarily bad or debilitating .	pos_neg	363
The buildup has all been smooth .	The buildup has not all been smooth .	pos_neg	364
The bulldozer owner was immediately available for comment .	The bulldozer owner was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	365
Simple : They were .	Simple : They were not .	pos_neg	366
We just know the actual , specific resolution .	We just do not know the actual , specific resolution .	pos_neg	367
They respected us .	They did not respect us .	pos_neg	368
She is steady .	She is not steady .	pos_neg	369
AOL is alone in trying to extend beyond its own sites .	AOL is not alone in trying to extend beyond its own sites .	pos_neg	370
Smoot bothered to include his own recurring hamstring problems .	Smoot did not bother to include his own recurring hamstring problems .	pos_neg	371
I talk about slavery .	I do not talk about slavery .	pos_neg	372
They are looking at text-based sites .	They are not looking at text-based sites .	pos_neg	373
This was the case in Hollywood .	This was not the case in Hollywood .	pos_neg	374
It is too far in the future .	It is not too far in the future .	pos_neg	375
The Vatican named the monsignor , who is Italian .	The Vatican did not name the monsignor , who is Italian .	pos_neg	376
That is true .	That is not true .	pos_neg	377
I am going to get into where the negotiations are .	I am not going to get into where the negotiations are .	pos_neg	378
Mr Hsu is a lobbyist .	Mr Hsu is not a lobbyist .	pos_neg	379
" " He is that consequential .	" " He is not that consequential .	pos_neg	380
" " We just have the population base .	" " We just do not have the population base .	pos_neg	381
This is all about Tiger Woods .	This is not all about Tiger Woods .	pos_neg	382
Good thing for them the tournament is over .	Good thing for them the tournament is not over .	pos_neg	383
Dye said Stiles cooperated and resisted .	Dye said Stiles cooperated and did not resist .	pos_neg	384
That is an answer .	That is not an answer .	pos_neg	385
But she knew about it .	But she did not know about it .	pos_neg	386
They know why they failed to explode .	They do not know why they failed to explode .	pos_neg	387
But they point out that owning a pest-detection canine is easy .	But they point out that owning a pest-detection canine is not easy .	pos_neg	388
" These protests are about tourists , " he said .	" These protests are not about tourists , " he said .	pos_neg	389
I am really sure .	I am not really sure .	pos_neg	390
They just think that is right .	They just do not think that is right .	pos_neg	391
I have a candidate .	I do not have a candidate .	pos_neg	392
It was clear if the two incidents in Kunar were related .	It was not clear if the two incidents in Kunar were related .	pos_neg	393
She arrived Wednesday night but spoke to the media .	She arrived Wednesday night but did not speak to the media .	pos_neg	394
I hope the traveling public takes them for granted .	I hope the traveling public does not take them for granted .	pos_neg	395
£ 250million in the red is sustainable .	£ 250million in the red is not sustainable .	pos_neg	396
Bury the graft union , if there is one .	Do not bury the graft union , if there is one .	pos_neg	397
I knew if it was good news or bad news .	I did not know if it was good news or bad news .	pos_neg	398
This is a race to find him .	This is not a race to find him .	pos_neg	399
It is just some collection of reasoned arguments supported by facts .	It is not just some collection of reasoned arguments supported by facts .	pos_neg	400
He hugged me and the look on his face terrified me .	He did not hug me and the look on his face terrified me .	pos_neg	401
BLUNT : It certainly hurts me .	BLUNT : It certainly does not hurt me .	pos_neg	402
It has commented on those plans since .	It has not commented on those plans since .	pos_neg	403
So again , we are reluctant to see that .	So again , we are not reluctant to see that .	pos_neg	404
I just want the refs to decide the game .	I just do not want the refs to decide the game .	pos_neg	405
" It was a comfortable situation , " he said .	" It was not a comfortable situation , " he said .	pos_neg	406
" Partition is on the table , " the U.S. statement said .	" Partition is not on the table , " the U.S. statement said .	pos_neg	407
Sometimes we went out to restaurants .	Sometimes we did not go out to restaurants .	pos_neg	408
But Mr van Deursen says switching off is the answer .	But Mr van Deursen says switching off is not the answer .	pos_neg	409
Meanwhile , Rose is making changes in her own home .	Meanwhile , Rose is not making changes in her own home .	pos_neg	410
That is where we wanted to go .	That is not where we wanted to go .	pos_neg	411
He told controllers he had seen a parachute .	He told controllers he had not seen a parachute .	pos_neg	412
The cause of the gas leak was immediately known .	The cause of the gas leak was not immediately known .	pos_neg	413
That argument persuades Rep. Ray LaHood , R-Ill .	That argument does not persuade Rep. Ray LaHood , R-Ill .	pos_neg	414
I was hurt .	I was not hurt .	pos_neg	415
It was immediately clear how police managed to track down Chen .	It was not immediately clear how police managed to track down Chen .	pos_neg	416
That is to say Singapore has gone off the rails .	That is not to say Singapore has gone off the rails .	pos_neg	417
The student who pulled the weapon was charged .	The student who pulled the weapon was not charged .	pos_neg	418
They accept the threat .	They do not accept the threat .	pos_neg	419
Ms. Pope set out to name her restaurant T 'afia .	Ms. Pope did not set out to name her restaurant T 'afia .	pos_neg	420
products meet those criteria .	products do not meet those criteria .	pos_neg	421
Gorillas , as you can see , recognise international borders .	Gorillas , as you can see , do not recognise international borders .	pos_neg	422
Pennsylvania imposes limits on campaign contributions .	Pennsylvania does not impose limits on campaign contributions .	pos_neg	423
The court gave out details of the bribes .	The court did not give out details of the bribes .	pos_neg	424
He also said he was gay .	He also said he was not gay .	pos_neg	425
We tell them they cannot have children out of wedlock .	We do not tell them they cannot have children out of wedlock .	pos_neg	426
This , she says , is about us .	This , she says , is not about us .	pos_neg	427
Pasta freezes well , but lasagna and manicotti do .	Pasta does not freeze well , but lasagna and manicotti do .	pos_neg	428
" I believe in gear , " he said .	" I do not believe in gear , " he said .	pos_neg	429
Italy are very strong when they have to push the game .	Italy are very strong when they do not have to push the game .	pos_neg	430
Critics of the ordinance said it went far enough .	Critics of the ordinance said it did not go far enough .	pos_neg	431
Most were fit and beautiful , although a few were as shapely .	Most were fit and beautiful , although a few were not as shapely .	pos_neg	432
Messages left for Joe Biden 's campaign were immediately returned .	Messages left for Joe Biden 's campaign were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	433
I have to read it in a book .	I do not have to read it in a book .	pos_neg	434
The process and vote at S.I.S. were affected .	The process and vote at S.I.S. were not affected .	pos_neg	435
He had to face attacks from his own party .	He did not have to face attacks from his own party .	pos_neg	436
About Boy Scouts of America He is alone .	About Boy Scouts of America He is not alone .	pos_neg	437
No , I am Linford Christie .	No , I am not Linford Christie .	pos_neg	438
That effort is expected to succeed .	That effort is not expected to succeed .	pos_neg	439
All is lost for homeowners who lack high-end coverage .	All is not lost for homeowners who lack high-end coverage .	pos_neg	440
Today you know what half of these artists look like .	Today you do not know what half of these artists look like .	pos_neg	441
It matters if you hate prefabricated pop music .	It does not matter if you hate prefabricated pop music .	pos_neg	442
" It was just Bartman that night , " she said .	" It was not just Bartman that night , " she said .	pos_neg	443
Chinese have a problem with religion .	Chinese do not have a problem with religion .	pos_neg	444
So far , it has .	So far , it has not .	pos_neg	445
We are giving in .	We are not giving in .	pos_neg	446
There was a smidgen of the shattered mirror in sight .	There was not a smidgen of the shattered mirror in sight .	pos_neg	447
Marvin got off the line but the mayor was finished with him .	Marvin got off the line but the mayor was not finished with him .	pos_neg	448
Others said the study changed their opposition to the new technology .	Others said the study did not change their opposition to the new technology .	pos_neg	449
That is just in the software business that we report publicly .	That is not just in the software business that we report publicly .	pos_neg	450
Marathon running is listed .	Marathon running is not listed .	pos_neg	451
He said he talks about monetary policy .	He said he does not talk about monetary policy .	pos_neg	452
But he keeps it all for himself .	But he does not keep it all for himself .	pos_neg	453
Minnig 's two sons were home at the time .	Minnig 's two sons were not home at the time .	pos_neg	454
The communiqué praised Chavez 's intercession but mentioned Betancourt .	The communiqué praised Chavez 's intercession but did not mention Betancourt .	pos_neg	455
I anticipate that risk .	I do not anticipate that risk .	pos_neg	456
He understands what he needs and walks around in agony .	He does not understand what he needs and walks around in agony .	pos_neg	457
The findings prove a direct cause-and-effect relationship .	The findings do not prove a direct cause-and-effect relationship .	pos_neg	458
The focus was only on record labels .	The focus was not only on record labels .	pos_neg	459
They used knife , no .	They did not use knife , no .	pos_neg	460
The Winnebago tribe views Chamberlain as an aberration .	The Winnebago tribe does not view Chamberlain as an aberration .	pos_neg	461
I want to stay here in Goma because it is difficult .	I do not want to stay here in Goma because it is difficult .	pos_neg	462
Also , consider NovaSure if childbearing is in your future .	Also , consider NovaSure if childbearing is not in your future .	pos_neg	463
I am apologizing for myself .	I am not apologizing for myself .	pos_neg	464
He wanted to be reincarnated as a toad , I suppose .	He did not want to be reincarnated as a toad , I suppose .	pos_neg	465
But there is a lot of character development in schools .	But there is not a lot of character development in schools .	pos_neg	466
It is what this country stands for .	It is not what this country stands for .	pos_neg	467
Unfortunately , The Clash merit a mention .	Unfortunately , The Clash do not merit a mention .	pos_neg	468
But the Discovery mission , designated STS-120 , is the same situation .	But the Discovery mission , designated STS-120 , is not the same situation .	pos_neg	469
But , he added , he feels that way himself .	But , he added , he does not feel that way himself .	pos_neg	470
It saved the pound .	It did not save the pound .	pos_neg	471
He gave a timeline for the recommendation .	He did not give a timeline for the recommendation .	pos_neg	472
Christina Edington commented as she left the courthouse .	Christina Edington did not comment as she left the courthouse .	pos_neg	473
That is to say higher yields should be avoided .	That is not to say higher yields should be avoided .	pos_neg	474
" " My philosophy in sports is you break things up .	" " My philosophy in sports is you do not break things up .	pos_neg	475
Phone calls to Logitech , Panasonic and Creative Labs were immediately returned .	Phone calls to Logitech , Panasonic and Creative Labs were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	476
The Government remains of the opinion that a public inquiry is necessary .	The Government remains of the opinion that a public inquiry is not necessary .	pos_neg	477
The president says it is .	The president says it is not .	pos_neg	478
" I believe it will happen , " he said .	" I do not believe it will happen , " he said .	pos_neg	479
Backyard chickens were allowed in Madison , Wis .	Backyard chickens were not allowed in Madison , Wis .	pos_neg	480
And like any choreographer , she did it alone .	And like any choreographer , she did not do it alone .	pos_neg	481
Cannon was connected to Swahn 's research .	Cannon was not connected to Swahn 's research .	pos_neg	482
We want it to be true .	We do not want it to be true .	pos_neg	483
He also knows this : He is going back to the Giants .	He also knows this : He is not going back to the Giants .	pos_neg	484
It is hard to guess why the network passed .	It is not hard to guess why the network passed .	pos_neg	485
And once they are here , there is enough clients to serve .	And once they are here , there is not enough clients to serve .	pos_neg	486
The Robertses were among the six .	The Robertses were not among the six .	pos_neg	487
" Evangelicals are what people think they are , " he said .	" Evangelicals are not what people think they are , " he said .	pos_neg	488
But he has felt well the last few days and withdrew Thursday .	But he has not felt well the last few days and withdrew Thursday .	pos_neg	489
Calls placed to Henss ' residence were answered Monday .	Calls placed to Henss ' residence were not answered Monday .	pos_neg	490
It puts you in the Super Bowl .	It does not put you in the Super Bowl .	pos_neg	491
Celebrity stylist And it is an ambush .	Celebrity stylist And it is not an ambush .	pos_neg	492
What happened after I know .	What happened after I do not know .	pos_neg	493
I was the one cheating .	I was not the one cheating .	pos_neg	494
The nominal price is adjusted for inflation .	The nominal price is not adjusted for inflation .	pos_neg	495
Watching the small screen for extended periods bothered my eyes .	Watching the small screen for extended periods did not bother my eyes .	pos_neg	496
But Miller is backing down .	But Miller is not backing down .	pos_neg	497
Pakistan president General Pervez Musharraf is attending the summit .	Pakistan president General Pervez Musharraf is not attending the summit .	pos_neg	498
It is the first warning about Avandia 's heart effects .	It is not the first warning about Avandia 's heart effects .	pos_neg	499
It allows copying to a CD .	It does not allow copying to a CD .	pos_neg	500
Now please mess it up .	Now please do not mess it up .	pos_neg	501
But I want us to say all teen sexuality is bad .	But I do not want us to say all teen sexuality is bad .	pos_neg	502
Efforts to reach Vick 's lawyers by telephone and e-mail were successful .	Efforts to reach Vick 's lawyers by telephone and e-mail were not successful .	pos_neg	503
What kind of surgery Donda West had was immediately clear .	What kind of surgery Donda West had was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	504
Financial and other transaction details were disclosed .	Financial and other transaction details were not disclosed .	pos_neg	505
I knew Roger very well , but Susan was great fun .	I did not know Roger very well , but Susan was great fun .	pos_neg	506
This is a one-day sale and gowns are returnable .	This is a one-day sale and gowns are not returnable .	pos_neg	507
And even that tradeoff comes without strings .	And even that tradeoff does not come without strings .	pos_neg	508
It is run like a big box store .	It is not run like a big box store .	pos_neg	509
I put a limit on it .	I do not put a limit on it .	pos_neg	510
The strategy he has chosen supports economic growth .	The strategy he has chosen does not support economic growth .	pos_neg	511
This is to say that contractors are right for everything .	This is not to say that contractors are right for everything .	pos_neg	512
In England , the cheese stands alone .	In England , the cheese does not stand alone .	pos_neg	513
This opinion paper offers convincing reasons why they should .	This opinion paper does not offer convincing reasons why they should .	pos_neg	514
It matched reality .	It did not match reality .	pos_neg	515
That is how big-time programs operate .	That is not how big-time programs operate .	pos_neg	516
" I like to look back , " she said .	" I do not like to look back , " she said .	pos_neg	517
But it is and never has been about race .	But it is not and never has been about race .	pos_neg	518
He almost returned .	He almost did not return .	pos_neg	519
Independents are a lock for Democrats .	Independents are not a lock for Democrats .	pos_neg	520
But he expected Ala 'a Eddeen .	But he did not expect Ala 'a Eddeen .	pos_neg	521
You smile at them but secretly pray they are on your flight .	You smile at them but secretly pray they are not on your flight .	pos_neg	522
The Constitution protects slander and defamation .	The Constitution does not protect slander and defamation .	pos_neg	523
But support for the plan has been lost entirely .	But support for the plan has not been lost entirely .	pos_neg	524
And Lutz and Patmos are alone .	And Lutz and Patmos are not alone .	pos_neg	525
Somehow , that seems like a sustainable lifestyle .	Somehow , that does not seem like a sustainable lifestyle .	pos_neg	526
We are greener but we are green .	We are greener but we are not green .	pos_neg	527
Some get taken off list The news is all bad .	Some get taken off list The news is not all bad .	pos_neg	528
Mr. DeFrancisco , a lawyer , was available for comment on Wednesday .	Mr. DeFrancisco , a lawyer , was not available for comment on Wednesday .	pos_neg	529
Dr. Wecht 's record has been unblemished .	Dr. Wecht 's record has not been unblemished .	pos_neg	530
He exempted his own country from the list .	He did not exempt his own country from the list .	pos_neg	531
Vampire movie tops US box office And they offer it .	Vampire movie tops US box office And they do not offer it .	pos_neg	532
The suit alleges sexual behavior .	The suit does not allege sexual behavior .	pos_neg	533
But he was sure that that was an entirely good thing .	But he was not sure that that was an entirely good thing .	pos_neg	534
It is just a computer-to-computer relationship -- it is a person-to-person relationship .	It is not just a computer-to-computer relationship -- it is a person-to-person relationship .	pos_neg	535
, while others were ready to put it in the past .	, while others were not ready to put it in the past .	pos_neg	536
Brady was the only player putting on an offensive showcase on Sunday .	Brady was not the only player putting on an offensive showcase on Sunday .	pos_neg	537
" I was ready for that , " he recalls .	" I was not ready for that , " he recalls .	pos_neg	538
I was really sick and that is very fun to have .	I was really sick and that is not very fun to have .	pos_neg	539
They have rewarded short-term trading .	They have not rewarded short-term trading .	pos_neg	540
But Ms. Gersten , 38 , is alone .	But Ms. Gersten , 38 , is not alone .	pos_neg	541
Most animals who are reclaimed by owners are euthanized .	Most animals who are not reclaimed by owners are euthanized .	pos_neg	542
Kim held more meetings with Roh on Tuesday .	Kim did not hold more meetings with Roh on Tuesday .	pos_neg	543
It was to be .	It was not to be .	pos_neg	544
But that is always so .	But that is not always so .	pos_neg	545
I think the government is doing enough .	I do not think the government is doing enough .	pos_neg	546
Local residents say that Sir Paul is mobbed during his visits .	Local residents say that Sir Paul is not mobbed during his visits .	pos_neg	547
Messages left with Walt Disney and Time Warner were immediately returned Monday .	Messages left with Walt Disney and Time Warner were not immediately returned Monday .	pos_neg	548
We are afraid of being put under greater scrutiny .	We are not afraid of being put under greater scrutiny .	pos_neg	549
Peepul Centre chief executive Rita Patel was available for comment .	Peepul Centre chief executive Rita Patel was not available for comment .	pos_neg	550
The similarities between father and monolith he disputes .	The similarities between father and monolith he does not dispute .	pos_neg	551
Iraq had the weapons of mass destruction .	Iraq did not have the weapons of mass destruction .	pos_neg	552
But it is all for the sake of altruism .	But it is not all for the sake of altruism .	pos_neg	553
A Date For The Visit Was Given .	A Date For The Visit Was Not Given .	pos_neg	554
" Astronauts are superhuman , " the 77-year-old told the magazine .	" Astronauts are not superhuman , " the 77-year-old told the magazine .	pos_neg	555
It gave the number of workers that voted .	It did not give the number of workers that voted .	pos_neg	556
He is well at the moment .	He is not well at the moment .	pos_neg	557
I am a fan , but whatever .	I am not a fan , but whatever .	pos_neg	558
He saw us , we saw him .	He did not see us , we saw him .	pos_neg	559
It is about the records .	It is not about the records .	pos_neg	560
... It means I am ignoring my parents .	... It does not mean I am ignoring my parents .	pos_neg	561
He explained the discrepancy .	He did not explain the discrepancy .	pos_neg	562
I get it .	I do not get it .	pos_neg	563
Sir Paul 's spokesman was immediately available for comment .	Sir Paul 's spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	564
In an interview , Walker said he apologized for his actions .	In an interview , Walker said he did not apologize for his actions .	pos_neg	565
His eyes were closed and he seemed to be moving .	His eyes were closed and he did not seem to be moving .	pos_neg	566
Telephone and e-mail messages to Merchant Ivory Productions were returned .	Telephone and e-mail messages to Merchant Ivory Productions were not returned .	pos_neg	567
Prosecutors have decided whether to try the suspects as adults .	Prosecutors have not decided whether to try the suspects as adults .	pos_neg	568
Investigators think Tuck made the tape , Boruchowitz said .	Investigators do not think Tuck made the tape , Boruchowitz said .	pos_neg	569
When he is there , it hurts us .	When he is not there , it hurts us .	pos_neg	570
Q I saw too many hats .	Q I did not see too many hats .	pos_neg	571
I think this will work .	I do not think this will work .	pos_neg	572
Chaudhry was on the nine-judge bench that heard the case .	Chaudhry was not on the nine-judge bench that heard the case .	pos_neg	573
It was supposed to happen on September 11 .	It was not supposed to happen on September 11 .	pos_neg	574
He gave further details .	He did not give further details .	pos_neg	575
The art also shows that the trauma ended with the hurricane .	The art also shows that the trauma did not end with the hurricane .	pos_neg	576
S.arabia-meeting Doha To Host Gcc Passport Chiefs Meeting The mother was spared .	S.arabia-meeting Doha To Host Gcc Passport Chiefs Meeting The mother was not spared .	pos_neg	577
And stop to pray .	And do not stop to pray .	pos_neg	578
The federal case is the only one Vick faces .	The federal case is not the only one Vick faces .	pos_neg	579
But that means we cannot work something else out .	But that does not mean we cannot work something else out .	pos_neg	580
Specific financial details of the deal were disclosed .	Specific financial details of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	581
Messages left with Spears ' lawyers were immediately returned .	Messages left with Spears ' lawyers were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	582
Calls to Rodriguez 's attorney Wednesday were immediately returned .	Calls to Rodriguez 's attorney Wednesday were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	583
His name has been released .	His name has not been released .	pos_neg	584
Iianl was so impressed .	Iianl was not so impressed .	pos_neg	585
" I told her , " We decorate like that .	" I told her , " We do not decorate like that .	pos_neg	586
I wanted to destroy their day out .	I did not want to destroy their day out .	pos_neg	587
He is the only person who has been sacked .	He is not the only person who has been sacked .	pos_neg	588
Or , to be fair , the projection came to pass .	Or , to be fair , the projection did not come to pass .	pos_neg	589
Use ads in a way that degrades their experience .	Use ads in a way that does not degrade their experience .	pos_neg	590
Burgers and hot dogs constitute a barbecue .	Burgers and hot dogs do not constitute a barbecue .	pos_neg	591
The new bill is perfect .	The new bill is not perfect .	pos_neg	592
We are far off .	We are not far off .	pos_neg	593
His dizzying tour is always particularly well researched .	His dizzying tour is not always particularly well researched .	pos_neg	594
It is clear that is true .	It is clear that is not true .	pos_neg	595
Meaning she wanted to upset my mother .	Meaning she did not want to upset my mother .	pos_neg	596
We have to merely play defense .	We do not have to merely play defense .	pos_neg	597
They counted on oil 's fall surge .	They did not count on oil 's fall surge .	pos_neg	598
Other than that , I know .	Other than that , I do not know .	pos_neg	599
A call to a home listing in Laguna Beach was answered .	A call to a home listing in Laguna Beach was not answered .	pos_neg	600
She is alone .	She is not alone .	pos_neg	601
The bill approves projects but funds them .	The bill approves projects but does not fund them .	pos_neg	602
Funeral arrangements were immediately announced .	Funeral arrangements were not immediately announced .	pos_neg	603
Historically , women in Chinese politics are regarded as particularly trustworthy .	Historically , women in Chinese politics are not regarded as particularly trustworthy .	pos_neg	604
But that was the case back then .	But that was not the case back then .	pos_neg	605
London 's record in projecting postdictatorial utopias is good at present .	London 's record in projecting postdictatorial utopias is not good at present .	pos_neg	606
The two had substantive talks .	The two did not have substantive talks .	pos_neg	607
Transneft officials were available for comment .	Transneft officials were not available for comment .	pos_neg	608
He knew the identities of the two other victims .	He did not know the identities of the two other victims .	pos_neg	609
But that means a risky incursion will follow at once .	But that does not mean a risky incursion will follow at once .	pos_neg	610
A. First of all , Movado is in flux .	A. First of all , Movado is not in flux .	pos_neg	611
Watch the Ad She remembers doing it .	Watch the Ad She does not remember doing it .	pos_neg	612
He has Oprah on his side .	He does not have Oprah on his side .	pos_neg	613
And forget the little things that can help draw in passers-by .	And do not forget the little things that can help draw in passers-by .	pos_neg	614
It was terribly sophisticated but there was a certain care taken .	It was not terribly sophisticated but there was a certain care taken .	pos_neg	615
She fell into a coma but died , the court heard .	She fell into a coma but did not die , the court heard .	pos_neg	616
The Kurds have broken away .	The Kurds have not broken away .	pos_neg	617
It is a mistake by the gymnasts but by the coaches .	It is not a mistake by the gymnasts but by the coaches .	pos_neg	618
While this saddens me , it surprises me in the least .	While this saddens me , it does not surprise me in the least .	pos_neg	619
But it is a cheap and easy solution .	But it is not a cheap and easy solution .	pos_neg	620
You have to kiss up to us .	You do not have to kiss up to us .	pos_neg	621
At the moment we know how we will manage without him .	At the moment we do not know how we will manage without him .	pos_neg	622
" This was a publicity operation , " she said .	" This was not a publicity operation , " she said .	pos_neg	623
The group disappeared with the Soviet collapse .	The group did not disappear with the Soviet collapse .	pos_neg	624
The finding is surprising to climate scientists .	The finding is not surprising to climate scientists .	pos_neg	625
I thought it was the right thing for my players .	I did not think it was the right thing for my players .	pos_neg	626
Brooklyn was working for her .	Brooklyn was not working for her .	pos_neg	627
The raw facts of the Armenian tragedy are disputed .	The raw facts of the Armenian tragedy are not disputed .	pos_neg	628
He was quitting .	He was not quitting .	pos_neg	629
Surely , an obvious one , Dinnersfromhell.com , was available .	Surely , an obvious one , Dinnersfromhell.com , was not available .	pos_neg	630
'Combative' For me these are problems .	'Combative' For me these are not problems .	pos_neg	631
Staining is just a technique .	Staining is not just a technique .	pos_neg	632
But oddsmakers and bettors expect New England to lose .	But oddsmakers and bettors do not expect New England to lose .	pos_neg	633
You lost the game because of the tactics .	You did not lose the game because of the tactics .	pos_neg	634
We are suggesting these trips are hazard-free .	We are not suggesting these trips are hazard-free .	pos_neg	635
It is an easy job .	It is not an easy job .	pos_neg	636
" " I know whether to believe them .	" " I do not know whether to believe them .	pos_neg	637
We have to figure that out .	We do not have to figure that out .	pos_neg	638
" We are interested in glorious failure , " he said .	" We are not interested in glorious failure , " he said .	pos_neg	639
The WGA has gone on strike since 1988 .	The WGA has not gone on strike since 1988 .	pos_neg	640
There are many and they are easy .	There are many and they are not easy .	pos_neg	641
You anoint front-runners .	You do not anoint front-runners .	pos_neg	642
We were really paying attention in the huddle .	We were not really paying attention in the huddle .	pos_neg	643
I mean to sound entirely pessimistic .	I do not mean to sound entirely pessimistic .	pos_neg	644
The get-up is so bad after all .	The get-up is not so bad after all .	pos_neg	645
He found them , but said they seemed real .	He found them , but said they did not seem real .	pos_neg	646
Ieng Sary , 77 , was available for comment .	Ieng Sary , 77 , was not available for comment .	pos_neg	647
All he has to do is throw up .	All he has to do is not throw up .	pos_neg	648
Thompson said he was focused on which states might lose delegates .	Thompson said he was not focused on which states might lose delegates .	pos_neg	649
In America , history smiles on one-party rule .	In America , history does not smile on one-party rule .	pos_neg	650
is on the cards before early next year .	is not on the cards before early next year .	pos_neg	651
I understand how doctors can leave that part out .	I do not understand how doctors can leave that part out .	pos_neg	652
Casscells wanted to go .	Casscells did not want to go .	pos_neg	653
Prosecutors revealed all the details of the alleged trial obstruction .	Prosecutors did not reveal all the details of the alleged trial obstruction .	pos_neg	654
Wealthy Colleges Questioned About Costs He hurt me .	Wealthy Colleges Questioned About Costs He did not hurt me .	pos_neg	655
Kindle users need to pay separately for a wireless data service .	Kindle users do not need to pay separately for a wireless data service .	pos_neg	656
He gave details .	He did not give details .	pos_neg	657
It has to be that way .	It does not have to be that way .	pos_neg	658
It is easy .	It is not easy .	pos_neg	659
The military said whether Kiani will be promoted or retire .	The military did not say whether Kiani will be promoted or retire .	pos_neg	660
" " We know where the shooter 's at .	" " We do not know where the shooter 's at .	pos_neg	661
Records indicate if he attended court-ordered domestic violence and parenting programs .	Records do not indicate if he attended court-ordered domestic violence and parenting programs .	pos_neg	662
It is just his record .	It is not just his record .	pos_neg	663
But it satisfied the craving .	But it did not satisfy the craving .	pos_neg	664
The documents were related to surveillance .	The documents were not related to surveillance .	pos_neg	665
We have been forgotten .	We have not been forgotten .	pos_neg	666
Many women left but some men , they wanted to leave .	Many women left but some men , they did not want to leave .	pos_neg	667
I know that there is .	I do not know that there is .	pos_neg	668
I would feel ashamed if I had dared to join the march .	I would feel ashamed if I had not dared to join the march .	pos_neg	669
Losing big in the finals is necessarily a bad thing for Detroit .	Losing big in the finals is not necessarily a bad thing for Detroit .	pos_neg	670
They stay on message .	They do not stay on message .	pos_neg	671
But the bill passed the Senate .	But the bill did not pass the Senate .	pos_neg	672
Details of his arrest were released .	Details of his arrest were not released .	pos_neg	673
Handsaker is banking on the ethanol boom lasting .	Handsaker is not banking on the ethanol boom lasting .	pos_neg	674
There seems reason for worry .	There does not seem reason for worry .	pos_neg	675
Our discussion has been exactly All About the Art .	Our discussion has not been exactly All About the Art .	pos_neg	676
Shareef Abdur-Rahim was with the Kings due to personal reasons .	Shareef Abdur-Rahim was not with the Kings due to personal reasons .	pos_neg	677
But the museum is all serious .	But the museum is not all serious .	pos_neg	678
It exploded , and no one was injured .	It did not explode , and no one was injured .	pos_neg	679
A new date for the hearing was immediately set .	A new date for the hearing was not immediately set .	pos_neg	680
He was in Phoenix and then he was .	He was in Phoenix and then he was not .	pos_neg	681
Such pollution is the only cause of monster blooms .	Such pollution is not the only cause of monster blooms .	pos_neg	682
But the day was entirely devoted to the great book cleanup .	But the day was not entirely devoted to the great book cleanup .	pos_neg	683
All concussions are created equal .	All concussions are not created equal .	pos_neg	684
PLEASE invite me to breakfast .	PLEASE do not invite me to breakfast .	pos_neg	685
In the 1980s , brokers puzzled over why the apartments sold .	In the 1980s , brokers puzzled over why the apartments did not sell .	pos_neg	686
Pearson responded to an e-mail from The Associated Press seeking comment .	Pearson did not respond to an e-mail from The Associated Press seeking comment .	pos_neg	687
This is the way to improve public confidence in national security .	This is not the way to improve public confidence in national security .	pos_neg	688
I got up because I got hit as hard .	I got up because I did not get hit as hard .	pos_neg	689
I know I did it myself .	I know I did not do it myself .	pos_neg	690
I thought I was the entrepreneurial type .	I did not think I was the entrepreneurial type .	pos_neg	691
It was the first time an offering had been withdrawn .	It was not the first time an offering had been withdrawn .	pos_neg	692
It was scripted .	It was not scripted .	pos_neg	693
I emptied the bathroom trash , the bedroom trash - nothing .	I did not empty the bathroom trash , the bedroom trash - nothing .	pos_neg	694
It is a small way of showing we are insulting his intelligence .	It is a small way of showing we are not insulting his intelligence .	pos_neg	695
Messages seeking comment from the companies were immediately returned .	Messages seeking comment from the companies were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	696
Steed , now 26 , disputed her account and has been charged .	Steed , now 26 , disputed her account and has not been charged .	pos_neg	697
She insisted she repeated several times she condoned what Vick did .	She insisted she repeated several times she did not condone what Vick did .	pos_neg	698
But you have to wait to see these stories .	But you do not have to wait to see these stories .	pos_neg	699
Gene believed he deserved to be fined .	Gene did not believe he deserved to be fined .	pos_neg	700
Manuel said Tuesday that he was concerned .	Manuel said Tuesday that he was not concerned .	pos_neg	701
" The Kurds like war fighting , " he said .	" The Kurds do not like war fighting , " he said .	pos_neg	702
Figures for 2006 were immediately available .	Figures for 2006 were not immediately available .	pos_neg	703
We did sort out accommodation for him but it worked out .	We did sort out accommodation for him but it did not work out .	pos_neg	704
" It was a lob , " Manning said .	" It was not a lob , " Manning said .	pos_neg	705
This is the stuff of a futurist essay .	This is not the stuff of a futurist essay .	pos_neg	706
But congestion is just about money .	But congestion is not just about money .	pos_neg	707
It is a shame some people understand that .	It is a shame some people do not understand that .	pos_neg	708
I will trust that he admires Hitler .	I will trust that he does not admire Hitler .	pos_neg	709
Henderson responded to a request for comment .	Henderson did not respond to a request for comment .	pos_neg	710
But that certainly was all it was .	But that certainly was not all it was .	pos_neg	711
The CTS4 is perfect .	The CTS4 is not perfect .	pos_neg	712
Firefighters are making sure the flames spread to surrounding buildings .	Firefighters are making sure the flames do not spread to surrounding buildings .	pos_neg	713
It took him long to make the most of the opportunity .	It did not take him long to make the most of the opportunity .	pos_neg	714
But Lisa McGiffert buys it .	But Lisa McGiffert does not buy it .	pos_neg	715
Their nationalities were released .	Their nationalities were not released .	pos_neg	716
The growth policy needs the approval of the county executive .	The growth policy does not need the approval of the county executive .	pos_neg	717
The intense debate in Washington was mirrored with similar intensity in Baghdad .	The intense debate in Washington was not mirrored with similar intensity in Baghdad .	pos_neg	718
And it is just a rising ocean that is the problem .	And it is not just a rising ocean that is the problem .	pos_neg	719
They are alone .	They are not alone .	pos_neg	720
Rose said he was surprised .	Rose said he was not surprised .	pos_neg	721
I have played there before but I am looking forward to it .	I have not played there before but I am looking forward to it .	pos_neg	722
I tell you , he is going to settle for this .	I tell you , he is not going to settle for this .	pos_neg	723
Police have released the gender of the victim .	Police have not released the gender of the victim .	pos_neg	724
A TSA spokesman was immediately available to comment .	A TSA spokesman was not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	725
" He was at fault in the accident , " Harding said .	" He was not at fault in the accident , " Harding said .	pos_neg	726
My wife 's death was an inadvertence .	My wife 's death was not an inadvertence .	pos_neg	727
The nature of her injuries was immediately released .	The nature of her injuries was not immediately released .	pos_neg	728
Details on the circumstances of the discharge were immediately available .	Details on the circumstances of the discharge were not immediately available .	pos_neg	729
Republican and Democrat alike want you to know that you are forgotten .	Republican and Democrat alike want you to know that you are not forgotten .	pos_neg	730
For another , they were exactly accurate .	For another , they were not exactly accurate .	pos_neg	731
Cutting a " V " affects the growth of the toenail .	Cutting a " V " does not affect the growth of the toenail .	pos_neg	732
The math book lies .	The math book does not lie .	pos_neg	733
You 're used to the quiet .	You 're not used to the quiet .	pos_neg	734
And that is the way it is right now .	And that is not the way it is right now .	pos_neg	735
But I care .	But I do not care .	pos_neg	736
It was immediately clear if she had a lawyer .	It was not immediately clear if she had a lawyer .	pos_neg	737
I am hanging up my shoes up .	I am not hanging up my shoes up .	pos_neg	738
Everett 's injury was the only one sustained by the Bills .	Everett 's injury was not the only one sustained by the Bills .	pos_neg	739
Lee was controversial and his approval is likely to be routine .	Lee was not controversial and his approval is likely to be routine .	pos_neg	740
To say that she was indefatigable captures her spirit .	To say that she was indefatigable does not capture her spirit .	pos_neg	741
His son , Frank , was as certain .	His son , Frank , was not as certain .	pos_neg	742
He was 24 years old and had a college degree .	He was 24 years old and did not have a college degree .	pos_neg	743
That said , this is about beating up specific writers .	That said , this is not about beating up specific writers .	pos_neg	744
I knew what that was .	I did not know what that was .	pos_neg	745
" No , they are young , " said Shirley .	" No , they are not young , " said Shirley .	pos_neg	746
It is a lot of money in one go .	It is not a lot of money in one go .	pos_neg	747
" I saw it , " said Wenger .	" I did not see it , " said Wenger .	pos_neg	748
But he is about to take them out for a drive .	But he is not about to take them out for a drive .	pos_neg	749
We know who to copy on this .	We do not know who to copy on this .	pos_neg	750
And it is just about the geographical aspects of cross-culture .	And it is not just about the geographical aspects of cross-culture .	pos_neg	751
Calls company representatives were immediately returned Sunday .	Calls company representatives were not immediately returned Sunday .	pos_neg	752
Peterson has left the vineyards behind .	Peterson has not left the vineyards behind .	pos_neg	753
They are buying one ticket or five tickets .	They are not buying one ticket or five tickets .	pos_neg	754
The snakes were defanged and still contained their venom , he said .	The snakes were not defanged and still contained their venom , he said .	pos_neg	755
I will tell you that it is isolated to the South .	I will tell you that it is not isolated to the South .	pos_neg	756
The Prime Minister was a bottler .	The Prime Minister was not a bottler .	pos_neg	757
Mr. Huckabee was persuaded .	Mr. Huckabee was not persuaded .	pos_neg	758
Other things were so easy .	Other things were not so easy .	pos_neg	759
" It is knowing " she kept saying .	" It is not knowing " she kept saying .	pos_neg	760
Telephone messages left today at the Caliente Cab restaurant were returned .	Telephone messages left today at the Caliente Cab restaurant were not returned .	pos_neg	761
It would seem he is alone .	It would seem he is not alone .	pos_neg	762
SOURCE Wegener Corporation The lessons have been learnt .	SOURCE Wegener Corporation The lessons have not been learnt .	pos_neg	763
The roundtable discussion was all politics and security .	The roundtable discussion was not all politics and security .	pos_neg	764
" It is something that was that unexpected , " he said .	" It is something that was not that unexpected , " he said .	pos_neg	765
Ex-Illinois Governor 's Conviction Upheld It has always been this easy .	Ex-Illinois Governor 's Conviction Upheld It has not always been this easy .	pos_neg	766
This is a handful of Klansmen and neo-Nazis but widespread anger .	This is not a handful of Klansmen and neo-Nazis but widespread anger .	pos_neg	767
Cutaneous anthrax is rare and is contagious .	Cutaneous anthrax is rare and is not contagious .	pos_neg	768
Its much-celebrated network contract bolsters revenue but attracts premier recruits .	Its much-celebrated network contract bolsters revenue but does not attract premier recruits .	pos_neg	769
Both Weiss and Zuckerman agree that this also is true .	Both Weiss and Zuckerman agree that this also is not true .	pos_neg	770
A few states have embraced the pre-K movement .	A few states have not embraced the pre-K movement .	pos_neg	771
Even when the desired object was visible , the chimps sometimes responded .	Even when the desired object was not visible , the chimps sometimes responded .	pos_neg	772
You need to pre- register .	You do not need to pre- register .	pos_neg	773
And though adult flies resemble wasps , they bite .	And though adult flies resemble wasps , they do not bite .	pos_neg	774
When it happened on Saturday , it seemed to affect me .	When it happened on Saturday , it did not seem to affect me .	pos_neg	775
He has asked Coach Tom Coughlin why .	He has not asked Coach Tom Coughlin why .	pos_neg	776
Solar thermal propulsion is new .	Solar thermal propulsion is not new .	pos_neg	777
This was the idle banter of an American talk show .	This was not the idle banter of an American talk show .	pos_neg	778
It was long before a wave capsized the group .	It was not long before a wave capsized the group .	pos_neg	779
Ms. Head has publicly disclosed the identity of that family .	Ms. Head has not publicly disclosed the identity of that family .	pos_neg	780
But we take a top-down approach to asset allocation .	But we do not take a top-down approach to asset allocation .	pos_neg	781
It was all Aberdeen , however .	It was not all Aberdeen , however .	pos_neg	782
That was important .	That was not important .	pos_neg	783
So that situation helps the American game .	So that situation does not help the American game .	pos_neg	784
I questioned him on it because our relationship is still new .	I did not question him on it because our relationship is still new .	pos_neg	785
-- Period-only pads are designed for light bladder leakage .	-- Period-only pads are not designed for light bladder leakage .	pos_neg	786
A message left at the church was immediately returned early Friday .	A message left at the church was not immediately returned early Friday .	pos_neg	787
It was really well thought out .	It was not really well thought out .	pos_neg	788
The Appellate Division said these other guys did it .	The Appellate Division did not say these other guys did it .	pos_neg	789
Maguire and his partners are alone .	Maguire and his partners are not alone .	pos_neg	790
How the cup works You 're alone .	How the cup works You 're not alone .	pos_neg	791
" I am here to destroy Britney , " Barretto said .	" I am not here to destroy Britney , " Barretto said .	pos_neg	792
" " But I think that is going to happen .	" " But I do not think that is going to happen .	pos_neg	793
Autopsy reports are public documents in Massachusetts .	Autopsy reports are not public documents in Massachusetts .	pos_neg	794
No taxes - I increased taxes in Massachusetts .	No taxes - I did not increase taxes in Massachusetts .	pos_neg	795
" I have a problem with it , " he said .	" I do not have a problem with it , " he said .	pos_neg	796
But that is how Harrington operates .	But that is not how Harrington operates .	pos_neg	797
" I know , " Francona said .	" I do not know , " Francona said .	pos_neg	798
They keep saying a recession will come if the Fed acts .	They keep saying a recession will come if the Fed does not act .	pos_neg	799
They have to be intimidated by politics .	They do not have to be intimidated by politics .	pos_neg	800
The union threatened to strike if its safety demands were met .	The union threatened to strike if its safety demands were not met .	pos_neg	801
You discuss this further .	You need not discuss this further .	pos_neg	802
He is dirty , merely sneaky .	He is not dirty , merely sneaky .	pos_neg	803
Despite the contrast the resort sits uncomfortably with its surroundings .	Despite the contrast the resort does not sit uncomfortably with its surroundings .	pos_neg	804
It is like that .	It is not like that .	pos_neg	805
The stockholder rights plan was adopted in response to a takeover offer .	The stockholder rights plan was not adopted in response to a takeover offer .	pos_neg	806
And I wish it was .	And I wish it was not .	pos_neg	807
But we were about to go anywhere else .	But we were not about to go anywhere else .	pos_neg	808
Well , this is really a free flow of information .	Well , this is not really a free flow of information .	pos_neg	809
The transition from social work to training was an easy one .	The transition from social work to training was not an easy one .	pos_neg	810
The injuries she received were thought to be life threatening .	The injuries she received were not thought to be life threatening .	pos_neg	811
That counts the requests that go to his parents .	That does not count the requests that go to his parents .	pos_neg	812
It was working .	It was not working .	pos_neg	813
It is .	It is not .	pos_neg	814
The teenager 's identity was disclosed .	The teenager 's identity was not disclosed .	pos_neg	815
The parallels stop there , though .	The parallels do not stop there , though .	pos_neg	816
This is the consumer tech industry 's first shot at the robo-pet .	This is not the consumer tech industry 's first shot at the robo-pet .	pos_neg	817
I disagree with that .	I do not disagree with that .	pos_neg	818
It was all missteps .	It was not all missteps .	pos_neg	819
He was going anywhere without the stick .	He was not going anywhere without the stick .	pos_neg	820
England were creative , especially when the Tongans had them under pressure .	England were not creative , especially when the Tongans had them under pressure .	pos_neg	821
Indications for their use in children have been established .	Indications for their use in children have not been established .	pos_neg	822
Schippers has returned calls seeking comment .	Schippers has not returned calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	823
That happened .	That did not happen .	pos_neg	824
" I care about the critics , " he says .	" I do not care about the critics , " he says .	pos_neg	825
And they feel like they have to be .	And they do not feel like they have to be .	pos_neg	826
Alternating periods of civilian and military rule have helped to establish stability .	Alternating periods of civilian and military rule have not helped to establish stability .	pos_neg	827
" I know , " the 39-year-old Piazza said .	" I do not know , " the 39-year-old Piazza said .	pos_neg	828
He is kidding .	He is not kidding .	pos_neg	829
I saw that as strongly .	I did not see that as strongly .	pos_neg	830
That , of course , happened , nor was it likely .	That , of course , did not happen , nor was it likely .	pos_neg	831
The terms were disclosed , but the report said Yahoo !	The terms were not disclosed , but the report said Yahoo !	pos_neg	832
We are stupid enough to think we can do it .	We are not stupid enough to think we can do it .	pos_neg	833
I want them in my neighborhood .	I do not want them in my neighborhood .	pos_neg	834
It was a hunch .	It was not a hunch .	pos_neg	835
" " I consider myself a mobilizer .	" " I do not consider myself a mobilizer .	pos_neg	836
I have a lot of answers right now .	I do not have a lot of answers right now .	pos_neg	837
She had been having regular mammograms .	She had not been having regular mammograms .	pos_neg	838
Things got better in 1958 .	Things did not get better in 1958 .	pos_neg	839
After all , the Giants had said they cared about history .	After all , the Giants had said they did not care about history .	pos_neg	840
" " I ¬ believe that is what happened .	" " I ¬ do not believe that is what happened .	pos_neg	841
Siedlecki said he thought his team was overburdened , or nervous .	Siedlecki said he did not think his team was overburdened , or nervous .	pos_neg	842
The truck driver was seriously injured .	The truck driver was not seriously injured .	pos_neg	843
Something 's right about that .	Something 's not right about that .	pos_neg	844
It is about a rigorous workout regime or getting buff .	It is not about a rigorous workout regime or getting buff .	pos_neg	845
That is likely to happen anytime soon .	That is not likely to happen anytime soon .	pos_neg	846
But Mr. Brewer is free and clear .	But Mr. Brewer is not free and clear .	pos_neg	847
Malkin scored after having two goals against Boston .	Malkin did not score after having two goals against Boston .	pos_neg	848
That is good enough for industry .	That is not good enough for industry .	pos_neg	849
He has been charged with a crime .	He has not been charged with a crime .	pos_neg	850
Spending has been determined .	Spending has not been determined .	pos_neg	851
It is controlled properly , so it gets into the milk .	It is not controlled properly , so it gets into the milk .	pos_neg	852
His address has been confirmed , police said .	His address has not been confirmed , police said .	pos_neg	853
But we are getting ahead of ourselves .	But we are not getting ahead of ourselves .	pos_neg	854
He has been charged .	He has not been charged .	pos_neg	855
I think it is healthy because I stress .	I think it is healthy because I do not stress .	pos_neg	856
He wanted to pursue charges against Castagna , the report said .	He did not want to pursue charges against Castagna , the report said .	pos_neg	857
It is likely the Reclast study will be repeated .	It is not likely the Reclast study will be repeated .	pos_neg	858
And it has been approved outside North America .	And it has not been approved outside North America .	pos_neg	859
Theopold said the molecule probably has a practical use .	Theopold said the molecule probably does not have a practical use .	pos_neg	860
Hernych said he was offered a specific sum of money .	Hernych said he was not offered a specific sum of money .	pos_neg	861
It is the same movie .	It is not the same movie .	pos_neg	862
But the strategy has worked recently .	But the strategy has not worked recently .	pos_neg	863
Sanchez 's commission is recognized by the Cuban government .	Sanchez 's commission is not recognized by the Cuban government .	pos_neg	864
The Commission said it had enough information to make a decision .	The Commission said it did not have enough information to make a decision .	pos_neg	865
" This was from the Internet , " she said .	" This was not from the Internet , " she said .	pos_neg	866
There are many of us around .	There are not many of us around .	pos_neg	867
Mr Haniya and Hamas have been invited to the US-led talks .	Mr Haniya and Hamas have not been invited to the US-led talks .	pos_neg	868
Deciphering medical bills is always easy .	Deciphering medical bills is not always easy .	pos_neg	869
But Alba is alone with her female fondness .	But Alba is not alone with her female fondness .	pos_neg	870
The company has maintained steroid use caused Benoit to snap .	The company has maintained steroid use did not cause Benoit to snap .	pos_neg	871
Jennifer Lopez is pregnant , says her husband Marc Anthony .	Jennifer Lopez is not pregnant , says her husband Marc Anthony .	pos_neg	872
" It is going to be us , " he pledged .	" It is not going to be us , " he pledged .	pos_neg	873
But that means seniors have to take it easy .	But that does not mean seniors have to take it easy .	pos_neg	874
He spoke during the Chancellor 's statement .	He did not speaking during the Chancellor 's statement .	pos_neg	875
The recent credit problems are the first Mr. O 'Neal has seen .	The recent credit problems are not the first Mr. O 'Neal has seen .	pos_neg	876
We are 8-1 for a fluke .	We are not 8-1 for a fluke .	pos_neg	877
Smith acknowledged that the sales system is built for speed .	Smith acknowledged that the sales system is not built for speed .	pos_neg	878
Most of the time , cars stopped .	Most of the time , cars did not stop .	pos_neg	879
Neon goes well with the earth tones of random scuffs .	Neon does not go well with the earth tones of random scuffs .	pos_neg	880
We knew what to say .	We did not know what to say .	pos_neg	881
But it was done .	But it was not done .	pos_neg	882
Sadly , it was .	Sadly , it was not .	pos_neg	883
" It is the true payout , " he said .	" It is not the true payout , " he said .	pos_neg	884
A majority of Yankees fans love A-Rod .	A majority of Yankees fans do not love A-Rod .	pos_neg	885
I am happy .	I am not happy .	pos_neg	886
The significance , I would hope , is something that is overdramatized .	The significance , I would hope , is not something that is overdramatized .	pos_neg	887
Obama is ready to concede experience to Clinton .	Obama is not ready to concede experience to Clinton .	pos_neg	888
Such an outing is stress-free , Garner says .	Such an outing is not stress-free , Garner says .	pos_neg	889
The government has shied away from direct interference .	The government has not shied away from direct interference .	pos_neg	890
And he is scrambling like he used to because of the injury .	And he is not scrambling like he used to because of the injury .	pos_neg	891
But Wale was always comfortable with his inheritance .	But Wale was not always comfortable with his inheritance .	pos_neg	892
But that has appeased Saudis determined to uphold the driving ban .	But that has not appeased Saudis determined to uphold the driving ban .	pos_neg	893
But he is sure it will motivate conservative Christian activists .	But he is not sure it will motivate conservative Christian activists .	pos_neg	894
He is wired like too many other ballplayers .	He is not wired like too many other ballplayers .	pos_neg	895
A phone number for Isse was listed .	A phone number for Isse was not listed .	pos_neg	896
They have rankings in singles .	They do not have rankings in singles .	pos_neg	897
Financial terms of the deal were disclosed .	Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	898
That is idle speculation .	That is not idle speculation .	pos_neg	899
The other guy I see working out long-term .	The other guy I do not see working out long-term .	pos_neg	900
But others are so sure it is .	But others are not so sure it is .	pos_neg	901
But it was always so .	But it was not always so .	pos_neg	902
" I do anniversaries , " he said .	" I do not do anniversaries , " he said .	pos_neg	903
Giuliani is the first presidential candidate to use the attacks in ads .	Giuliani is not the first presidential candidate to use the attacks in ads .	pos_neg	904
Clearly , O.J. had thought through the plan particularly well .	Clearly , O.J. had not thought through the plan particularly well .	pos_neg	905
It is a good feeling .	It is not a good feeling .	pos_neg	906
Aung also commented that the demonstrators seem content to back down .	Aung also commented that the demonstrators do not seem content to back down .	pos_neg	907
The report mentioned the suffering of the Iraqi people .	The report did not mention the suffering of the Iraqi people .	pos_neg	908
" " That is the real image of Pakistan .	" " That is not the real image of Pakistan .	pos_neg	909
I did a lot of boxing and defeat just was accepted .	I did a lot of boxing and defeat just was not accepted .	pos_neg	910
There was drink involved and it is an excuse .	There was drink involved and it is not an excuse .	pos_neg	911
I thought I would miss the entire season .	I did not think I would miss the entire season .	pos_neg	912
He returned a message left on his cell phone late Tuesday .	He did not return a message left on his cell phone late Tuesday .	pos_neg	913
In short , the streak was that big a deal then .	In short , the streak was not that big a deal then .	pos_neg	914
Both sides also recognize that the status quo is sustainable .	Both sides also recognize that the status quo is not sustainable .	pos_neg	915
( 2 ) I know what it would be .	( 2 ) I do not know what it would be .	pos_neg	916
It is known how the pathogen acinetobacter was introduced to the patients .	It is not known how the pathogen acinetobacter was introduced to the patients .	pos_neg	917
And , unfortunately the IRS issues a pass on foreclosed property .	And , unfortunately the IRS does not issue a pass on foreclosed property .	pos_neg	918
Precise financial terms were disclosed .	Precise financial terms were not disclosed .	pos_neg	919
A call late Sunday night to a Rodriguez representative was immediately returned .	A call late Sunday night to a Rodriguez representative was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	920
The general inquiry line of the state security bureau was answered .	The general inquiry line of the state security bureau was not answered .	pos_neg	921
I am sure exactly when Casey Affleck became such a good actor .	I am not sure exactly when Casey Affleck became such a good actor .	pos_neg	922
It is a coherent belief system .	It is not a coherent belief system .	pos_neg	923
I am about to allow these children to go without health care .	I am not about to allow these children to go without health care .	pos_neg	924
Ms. Tyrrell said helicopters came but shot .	Ms. Tyrrell said helicopters came but did not shoot .	pos_neg	925
This was the sweep Detroit had in mind .	This was not the sweep Detroit had in mind .	pos_neg	926
" " But we thought he was serious .	" " But we did not think he was serious .	pos_neg	927
Some of the designers , though , are pet people .	Some of the designers , though , are not pet people .	pos_neg	928
And also somebody who 's in Alaska .	And also somebody who 's not in Alaska .	pos_neg	929
But he has been here that long .	But he has not been here that long .	pos_neg	930
This is one of those days .	This is not one of those days .	pos_neg	931
They are buying it .	They are not buying it .	pos_neg	932
Scalabrine had enough time to discuss all of it .	Scalabrine did not have enough time to discuss all of it .	pos_neg	933
It is quite a rags-to-riches story .	It is not quite a rags-to-riches story .	pos_neg	934
But they came through three-dimensional space in a parabolic trajectory .	But they did not come through three-dimensional space in a parabolic trajectory .	pos_neg	935
This is a popular theory .	This is not a popular theory .	pos_neg	936
The ground covered by this exhibition is unfamiliar .	The ground covered by this exhibition is not unfamiliar .	pos_neg	937
A 42-year-old man driving the van was hurt in the crash .	A 42-year-old man driving the van was not hurt in the crash .	pos_neg	938
I want to feel rushed .	I do not want to feel rushed .	pos_neg	939
No evidence has surfaced that proves he was at Kennedy 's funeral .	No evidence has surfaced that proves he was not at Kennedy 's funeral .	pos_neg	940
It has eyes , or ears , or memory .	It does not have eyes , or ears , or memory .	pos_neg	941
I mean , it is really marriage .	I mean , it is not really marriage .	pos_neg	942
Thus , it is going to be easy .	Thus , it is not going to be easy .	pos_neg	943
You know , you have to resort to murder .	You know , you do not have to resort to murder .	pos_neg	944
It is quality time for the family .	It is not quality time for the family .	pos_neg	945
But I would say they are going to get away with it .	But I would say they are not going to get away with it .	pos_neg	946
This is a get-rich scheme .	This is not a get-rich scheme .	pos_neg	947
If this protein is there , the egg cannot be fertilised .	If this protein is not there , the egg cannot be fertilised .	pos_neg	948
And that has worked and it will never work .	And that has not worked and it will never work .	pos_neg	949
The fight is always pleasant .	The fight is not always pleasant .	pos_neg	950
Freedom of speech is free .	Freedom of speech is not free .	pos_neg	951
Calls to Rodriguez 's lawyer were immediately returned .	Calls to Rodriguez 's lawyer were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	952
And , at my age , that is too bad .	And , at my age , that is not too bad .	pos_neg	953
The 41-year-old farmer 's injuries were thought to be life-threatening .	The 41-year-old farmer 's injuries were not thought to be life-threatening .	pos_neg	954
I get a lot of Ben Stein .	I do not get a lot of Ben Stein .	pos_neg	955
It is a position from which to mince words .	It is not a position from which to mince words .	pos_neg	956
The 16-year-old , who was assaulted , also testified Wednesday .	The 16-year-old , who was not assaulted , also testified Wednesday .	pos_neg	957
Blind people are the only ones who 've had close calls .	Blind people are not the only ones who 've had close calls .	pos_neg	958
It is always your job to make the play .	It is not always your job to make the play .	pos_neg	959
Wednesday local time and then was heard from again .	Wednesday local time and then was not heard from again .	pos_neg	960
Pfizer checked for the patented ingredients of its rivals .	Pfizer did not check for the patented ingredients of its rivals .	pos_neg	961
It is just electricity waste that the parliament hopes to address .	It is not just electricity waste that the parliament hopes to address .	pos_neg	962
But the most popular participant was a candidate .	But the most popular participant was not a candidate .	pos_neg	963
Land telephone lines also were working in some areas .	Land telephone lines also were not working in some areas .	pos_neg	964
However , fraternities have completely disappeared .	However , fraternities have not completely disappeared .	pos_neg	965
It is House Beautiful .	It is not House Beautiful .	pos_neg	966
ACTUALLY , he said it in quite that way .	ACTUALLY , he did not say it in quite that way .	pos_neg	967
Additional details about the request were disclosed .	Additional details about the request were not disclosed .	pos_neg	968
That is working so well right now .	That is not working so well right now .	pos_neg	969
It is a prescription for success .	It is not a prescription for success .	pos_neg	970
The victims were wearing bulletproof vests .	The victims were not wearing bulletproof vests .	pos_neg	971
That is up to me .	That is not up to me .	pos_neg	972
STATEMENT 2 Some 47 million Americans have health insurance .	STATEMENT 2 Some 47 million Americans do not have health insurance .	pos_neg	973
OK , they are enemies .	OK , they are not enemies .	pos_neg	974
These are what I could call hedge funds .	These are not what I could call hedge funds .	pos_neg	975
But some parents said that they are convinced that action is needed .	But some parents said that they are not convinced that action is needed .	pos_neg	976
She was in her office at the time .	She was not in her office at the time .	pos_neg	977
It is a rare disability .	It is not a rare disability .	pos_neg	978
SOURCE Toyota Motor Sales I am proposing legislation .	SOURCE Toyota Motor Sales I am not proposing legislation .	pos_neg	979
But stop there .	But do not stop there .	pos_neg	980
Jupiter 's magnetotail is long , but it is infinite .	Jupiter 's magnetotail is long , but it is not infinite .	pos_neg	981
I think that yoga is going to survive .	I do not think that yoga is going to survive .	pos_neg	982
The town attorney said he was surprised by the notices from Grenier .	The town attorney said he was not surprised by the notices from Grenier .	pos_neg	983
" " That is the nation that I fought for .	" " That is not the nation that I fought for .	pos_neg	984
Industry analysts say Vista has significantly fueled PC sales .	Industry analysts say Vista has not significantly fueled PC sales .	pos_neg	985
... Your fiancé Gabriel Aubry is the father of your baby .	... Your fiancé Gabriel Aubry is not the father of your baby .	pos_neg	986
His subjects were in the chair to be belittled .	His subjects were not in the chair to be belittled .	pos_neg	987
Police have said which group sent him .	Police have not said which group sent him .	pos_neg	988
" This is an idle threat , " he said .	" This is not an idle threat , " he said .	pos_neg	989
He was an illegal immigrant but had a job and residence permit .	He was not an illegal immigrant but had a job and residence permit .	pos_neg	990
It is like every other game .	It is not like every other game .	pos_neg	991
That seems to have hurt sales .	That does not seem to have hurt sales .	pos_neg	992
It was just trading down their vehicle that helped them save money .	It was not just trading down their vehicle that helped them save money .	pos_neg	993
" That is been discussed , " Fisher said then .	" That is not been discussed , " Fisher said then .	pos_neg	994
The pair 's differences end there .	The pair 's differences do not end there .	pos_neg	995
It has announced terms of a severance agreement with her .	It has not announced terms of a severance agreement with her .	pos_neg	996
But the strategy paid off .	But the strategy did not pay off .	pos_neg	997
He returned .	He did not return .	pos_neg	998
Regular season results predict October outcomes .	Regular season results do not predict October outcomes .	pos_neg	999
I know if it is his age or the war .	I do not know if it is his age or the war .	pos_neg	1000
A.A.E.I. works only through the media .	A.A.E.I. does not work only through the media .	pos_neg	1001
Vieques is pristine .	Vieques is not pristine .	pos_neg	1002
It is just the attorneys complaining .	It is not just the attorneys complaining .	pos_neg	1003
But we are going to be stupid .	But we are not going to be stupid .	pos_neg	1004
" I regard that as satisfactory , " said Mr Straw .	" I do not regard that as satisfactory , " said Mr Straw .	pos_neg	1005
Chamberlain had allowed a run in 14 1-3 innings over 11 appearances .	Chamberlain had not allowed a run in 14 1-3 innings over 11 appearances .	pos_neg	1006
Perez , however , conceded defeat in the tightly contested vote .	Perez , however , did not concede defeat in the tightly contested vote .	pos_neg	1007
Ayala holds his father responsible .	Ayala does not hold his father responsible .	pos_neg	1008
Additionally , Bush proposed having Social Security match individual donations .	Additionally , Bush did not propose having Social Security match individual donations .	pos_neg	1009
Penny Junor Maybe that summer was so bad after all .	Penny Junor Maybe that summer was not so bad after all .	pos_neg	1010
The chain was wrapped around her neck .	The chain was not wrapped around her neck .	pos_neg	1011
Flood wall defence work continues And they are that inconsistent .	Flood wall defence work continues And they are not that inconsistent .	pos_neg	1012
It had the desired effect .	It did not have the desired effect .	pos_neg	1013
But that is what he heard .	But that is not what he heard .	pos_neg	1014
But Mr Brown was adamant this was needed .	But Mr Brown was adamant this was not needed .	pos_neg	1015
The forestry ministry contested the statement .	The forestry ministry did not contest the statement .	pos_neg	1016
Benazir Bhutto Assassinated by Suicide Attacker He has appeared in public since .	Benazir Bhutto Assassinated by Suicide Attacker He has not appeared in public since .	pos_neg	1017
It is about your government .	It is not about your government .	pos_neg	1018
I remember performances in which he made a single mistake .	I remember performances in which he did not make a single mistake .	pos_neg	1019
Hatch was amused .	Hatch was not amused .	pos_neg	1020
Kasparov 's place on the ballot was assured .	Kasparov 's place on the ballot was not assured .	pos_neg	1021
His suitcase showed up for a week .	His suitcase did not show up for a week .	pos_neg	1022
A : It is thought to be rational .	A : It is not thought to be rational .	pos_neg	1023
It was Doc 's fault .	It was not Doc 's fault .	pos_neg	1024
And while the genes seem to pose warnings , they are failsafe .	And while the genes seem to pose warnings , they are not failsafe .	pos_neg	1025
But mistake David Roger for timid .	But do not mistake David Roger for timid .	pos_neg	1026
We are very pleased that there have been exceedances .	We are very pleased that there have not been exceedances .	pos_neg	1027
Cats hanged themselves with perfectly executed nooses tight around their necks .	Cats did not hang themselves with perfectly executed nooses tight around their necks .	pos_neg	1028
It says how that is determined .	It does not say how that is determined .	pos_neg	1029
The lower year-over-year results were unexpected .	The lower year-over-year results were not unexpected .	pos_neg	1030
Now , misinterpret .	Now , do not misinterpret .	pos_neg	1031
Whether short or long , it matters .	Whether short or long , it does not matter .	pos_neg	1032
But others said a strike is the right approach .	But others said a strike is not the right approach .	pos_neg	1033
They are looking for the truth in US Weekly .	They are not looking for the truth in US Weekly .	pos_neg	1034
" We are banning French companies from submitting , " he said .	" We are not banning French companies from submitting , " he said .	pos_neg	1035
OK , the fictional Lang is quite the historical Blair .	OK , the fictional Lang is not quite the historical Blair .	pos_neg	1036
Worry about this ; I have already got a plan .	Do not worry about this ; I have already got a plan .	pos_neg	1037
There was a loud sound .	There was not a loud sound .	pos_neg	1038
It has been an easy decision to make .	It has not been an easy decision to make .	pos_neg	1039
Counties were sorry to see the roundup go .	Counties were not sorry to see the roundup go .	pos_neg	1040
It mattered that she was a staunch Episcopalian .	It did not matter that she was a staunch Episcopalian .	pos_neg	1041
Scott 's there just now , Gary did a wee bit .	Scott 's not there just now , Gary did a wee bit .	pos_neg	1042
They are aiming for commercial success .	They are not aiming for commercial success .	pos_neg	1043
War started , he believes , because Europe was in balance .	War started , he believes , because Europe was not in balance .	pos_neg	1044
Wedge mentioned Sabathia 's three-day history .	Wedge did not mention Sabathia 's three-day history .	pos_neg	1045
Mearsheimer and Walt just mention that .	Mearsheimer and Walt just do not mention that .	pos_neg	1046
The ticket is correctable and the fine is $ 80 .	The ticket is not correctable and the fine is $ 80 .	pos_neg	1047
It is something that you can just lay down .	It is not something that you can just lay down .	pos_neg	1048
Telephone calls to the management at Caliente Cab Company were returned yesterday .	Telephone calls to the management at Caliente Cab Company were not returned yesterday .	pos_neg	1049
Of the sponsors , only Voinovich is up for re-election in 2008 .	Of the sponsors , only Voinovich is not up for re-election in 2008 .	pos_neg	1050
& They fit on an adult .	& They do not fit on an adult .	pos_neg	1051
Sept 16 , 2007 - Manning said it was a dirty hit .	Sept 16 , 2007 - Manning said it was not a dirty hit .	pos_neg	1052
We realised that it was one of ours .	We did not realise that it was one of ours .	pos_neg	1053
Prices recovered for a good eight years .	Prices did not recover for a good eight years .	pos_neg	1054
He leaves all the big moves to his pro partner .	He does not leave all the big moves to his pro partner .	pos_neg	1055
He said he was consulted about the decision .	He said he was not consulted about the decision .	pos_neg	1056
" I remember getting off the plane , " he says .	" I do not remember getting off the plane , " he says .	pos_neg	1057
We are giving our soldiers the tools and training to succeed .	We are not giving our soldiers the tools and training to succeed .	pos_neg	1058
That case also was confirmed .	That case also was not confirmed .	pos_neg	1059
I had to wonder which way I would go .	I did not have to wonder which way I would go .	pos_neg	1060
Defensive coaches have in-helmet communication with a defensive player .	Defensive coaches do not have in-helmet communication with a defensive player .	pos_neg	1061
That is right .	That is not right .	pos_neg	1062
At the moment , there is one must-have for this holiday season .	At the moment , there is not one must-have for this holiday season .	pos_neg	1063
It is what the parents dreamed of .	It is not what the parents dreamed of .	pos_neg	1064
'Environmental issues' Subsequent printing cycles disturb the material from previous cycles .	'Environmental issues' Subsequent printing cycles do not disturb the material from previous cycles .	pos_neg	1065
DEAR MARYLEU : I want to suggest a specific program .	DEAR MARYLEU : I do not want to suggest a specific program .	pos_neg	1066
And , he is what he pretends to be .	And , he is not what he pretends to be .	pos_neg	1067
And we are .	And we are not .	pos_neg	1068
But it grew big enough to be worth $ 3 billion .	But it did not grow big enough to be worth $ 3 billion .	pos_neg	1069
Holliday himself was sure , and the television replay angles were inconclusive .	Holliday himself was not sure , and the television replay angles were inconclusive .	pos_neg	1070
It says you have to actually have that religious belief .	It does not say you have to actually have that religious belief .	pos_neg	1071
Mr. Debat warned ABC it was true .	Mr. Debat warned ABC it was not true .	pos_neg	1072
Plus , they had to pay Redden right away .	Plus , they did not have to pay Redden right away .	pos_neg	1073
Others clearly agree and were dissuaded by the cost .	Others clearly agree and were not dissuaded by the cost .	pos_neg	1074
Obviously the large majority of short people are molesters .	Obviously the large majority of short people are not molesters .	pos_neg	1075
But having said that , that is what we are talking about .	But having said that , that is not what we are talking about .	pos_neg	1076
Students like myself were prepared to undertake basic science research .	Students like myself were not prepared to undertake basic science research .	pos_neg	1077
It was immediately possible to reconcile the differing accounts of the incident .	It was not immediately possible to reconcile the differing accounts of the incident .	pos_neg	1078
Migliori said he was allowed to describe the substance of the tape .	Migliori said he was not allowed to describe the substance of the tape .	pos_neg	1079
Congestion is the only problem for air travelers .	Congestion is not the only problem for air travelers .	pos_neg	1080
These are profiteers .	These are not profiteers .	pos_neg	1081
I think it is funny .	I do not think it is funny .	pos_neg	1082
Cook has pitched since Aug. 10 because of an oblique injury .	Cook has not pitched since Aug. 10 because of an oblique injury .	pos_neg	1083
At the moment , too many firms are meeting these requirements .	At the moment , too many firms are not meeting these requirements .	pos_neg	1084
My head really was into the game .	My head really was not into the game .	pos_neg	1085
I deny that is an important concern .	I do not deny that is an important concern .	pos_neg	1086
He gave a date for ending the state of emergency .	He did not give a date for ending the state of emergency .	pos_neg	1087
Delhomme injured his throwing arm in the third quarter and returned .	Delhomme injured his throwing arm in the third quarter and did not return .	pos_neg	1088
They alleged that all the money was illegitimate .	They did not allege that all the money was illegitimate .	pos_neg	1089
The walls are well soundproofed .	The walls are not well soundproofed .	pos_neg	1090
It also was determined Pyle had registered since 2001 .	It also was determined Pyle had not registered since 2001 .	pos_neg	1091
But federal lawmakers have allotted the actual cash .	But federal lawmakers have not allotted the actual cash .	pos_neg	1092
" That is in the Constitution anywhere , " he said .	" That is not in the Constitution anywhere , " he said .	pos_neg	1093
this is just a problem for the Vukeliches .	this is not just a problem for the Vukeliches .	pos_neg	1094
" That is his function , " she said .	" That is not his function , " she said .	pos_neg	1095
It is a desire to go to the West .	It is not a desire to go to the West .	pos_neg	1096
Somehow , though , that is what moves me .	Somehow , though , that is not what moves me .	pos_neg	1097
Fletcher did that .	Fletcher did not do that .	pos_neg	1098
" We are strangers to this , " Mr. Ross said .	" We are not strangers to this , " Mr. Ross said .	pos_neg	1099
Spending for the campaign is being disclosed .	Spending for the campaign is not being disclosed .	pos_neg	1100
No , he needed money .	No , he did not need money .	pos_neg	1101
But they emerge without a fight .	But they do not emerge without a fight .	pos_neg	1102
Or this is the way to play well every week .	Or this is the way to anticipate not playing well every week .	pos_neg	1103
Taliban spokesman were available for comment .	Taliban spokesman were not available for comment .	pos_neg	1104
Spoiler : The winner is the Red Sox .	Spoiler : The winner is not the Red Sox .	pos_neg	1105
I think that is a secret there .	I do not think that is a secret there .	pos_neg	1106
It is likely to be pretty .	It is not likely to be pretty .	pos_neg	1107
She said she knew what had happened in town .	She said she did not know what had happened in town .	pos_neg	1108
Beckham was made available to reporters after the game .	Beckham was not made available to reporters after the game .	pos_neg	1109
It is just the Burmese who support her .	It is not just the Burmese who support her .	pos_neg	1110
This is an accident .	This is not an accident .	pos_neg	1111
It was a pretty goal .	It was not a pretty goal .	pos_neg	1112
In addition to those interruptions , the jury has deliberated on weekends .	In addition to those interruptions , the jury has not deliberated on weekends .	pos_neg	1113
Don 't hesitate to say no if it feels right .	Don 't hesitate to say no if it does not feel right .	pos_neg	1114
Carey 's the only one .	Carey 's not the only one .	pos_neg	1115
I knew how he did it .	I did not know how he did it .	pos_neg	1116
He insisted on anonymity because he was authorized to speak to reporters .	He insisted on anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to reporters .	pos_neg	1117
The resignation was unexpected .	The resignation was not unexpected .	pos_neg	1118
Florida has lost to Tennessee , Georgia or Florida State since 2004 .	Florida has not lost to Tennessee , Georgia or Florida State since 2004 .	pos_neg	1119
But many people said the divisions were what they once had been .	But many people said the divisions were not what they once had been .	pos_neg	1120
" " I have the time .	" " I do not have the time .	pos_neg	1121
The puppy was injured .	The puppy was not injured .	pos_neg	1122
25 - Sunil Bharti Mittal is shy about ambition .	25 - Sunil Bharti Mittal is not shy about ambition .	pos_neg	1123
COST : £ 1.15 million The drivers seem more secure .	COST : £ 1.15 million The drivers do not seem more secure .	pos_neg	1124
She was fat .	She was not fat .	pos_neg	1125
He was very old , she noticed .	He was not very old , she noticed .	pos_neg	1126
He is a person people really identify with .	He is not a person people really identify with .	pos_neg	1127
But Alisoft is included in the Hong Kong offering .	But Alisoft is not included in the Hong Kong offering .	pos_neg	1128
He has said what will happen afterward .	He has not said what will happen afterward .	pos_neg	1129
" I know what his point is , " Pelosi volleyed .	" I do not know what his point is , " Pelosi volleyed .	pos_neg	1130
She knew he would have 12 toes , she said .	She did not know he would have 12 toes , she said .	pos_neg	1131
Friedgen said he has lost faith in Cosh .	Friedgen said he has not lost faith in Cosh .	pos_neg	1132
'A disgrace' Police have identified the remaining suspect they are seeking .	'A disgrace' Police have not identified the remaining suspect they are seeking .	pos_neg	1133
I think it is taken a toll on me .	I do not think it is taken a toll on me .	pos_neg	1134
It was immediately known whether they had attorneys .	It was not immediately known whether they had attorneys .	pos_neg	1135
I was .	I was not .	pos_neg	1136
Trembley wants to be pitied .	Trembley does not want to be pitied .	pos_neg	1137
I know if they are brown .	I do not know if they are brown .	pos_neg	1138
If the views relax you , the hotel 's spa will .	If the views do not relax you , the hotel 's spa will .	pos_neg	1139
The gun has been found .	The gun has not been found .	pos_neg	1140
The phenomenon is unique to Iraqis .	The phenomenon is not unique to Iraqis .	pos_neg	1141
Remove this tag under penalty of law .	Do not remove this tag under penalty of law .	pos_neg	1142
Mr. Obama was present for the vote .	Mr. Obama was not present for the vote .	pos_neg	1143
" " We think that China is moving with us .	" " We do not think that China is moving with us .	pos_neg	1144
They want a government driven by the next day 's headlines .	They do not want a government driven by the next day 's headlines .	pos_neg	1145
Believe me , that is a pretty sight .	Believe me , that is not a pretty sight .	pos_neg	1146
But clearly he is quite done .	But clearly he is not quite done .	pos_neg	1147
Only the blessings came .	Only the blessings did not come .	pos_neg	1148
That is enough .	That is not enough .	pos_neg	1149
I just was ready .	I just was not ready .	pos_neg	1150
It was easy to be accepted into the party , he said .	It was not easy to be accepted into the party , he said .	pos_neg	1151
They said they were sure whether their home survived the fires .	They said they were not sure whether their home survived the fires .	pos_neg	1152
" I like paying taxes , " Mr. Corzine said .	" I do not like paying taxes , " Mr. Corzine said .	pos_neg	1153
Mr. Aaron has a son , Alexander ; he is childless .	Mr. Aaron has a son , Alexander ; he is not childless .	pos_neg	1154
" I am hungry , I am O.K. , " he says .	" I am not hungry , I am O.K. , " he says .	pos_neg	1155
This is Kansas .	This is not Kansas .	pos_neg	1156
These attacks are only inconsistent but also wrong-headed .	These attacks are not only inconsistent but also wrong-headed .	pos_neg	1157
It appeared that this would be a breakout season for Ward .	It did not appear that this would be a breakout season for Ward .	pos_neg	1158
" " Our situation is comparable to what you see elsewhere .	" " Our situation is not comparable to what you see elsewhere .	pos_neg	1159
" I have set fire to her things , " Hooley replied .	" I have not set fire to her things , " Hooley replied .	pos_neg	1160
See , Mr. Schneider set out to study cars .	See , Mr. Schneider did not set out to study cars .	pos_neg	1161
It was very good .	It was not very good .	pos_neg	1162
We admit that working conditions at Haowei were good .	We admit that working conditions at Haowei were not good .	pos_neg	1163
That has satisfied everyone , especially al Fayed .	That has not satisfied everyone , especially al Fayed .	pos_neg	1164
He just was sure which one .	He just was not sure which one .	pos_neg	1165
He identified the target .	He did not identify the target .	pos_neg	1166
Of these , 73 were involved in hostilities .	Of these , 73 were not involved in hostilities .	pos_neg	1167
But it matters what age you are .	But it does not matter what age you are .	pos_neg	1168
' " He is an intimate of the president .	' " He is not an intimate of the president .	pos_neg	1169
Furthermore , he said , people simply like the name .	Furthermore , he said , people simply do not like the name .	pos_neg	1170
Kevin Peraino But the value of the lake itself was forgotten .	Kevin Peraino But the value of the lake itself was not forgotten .	pos_neg	1171
As it turns out , this is what would happen .	As it turns out , this is not what would happen .	pos_neg	1172
It was the only executive shakeup at the company .	It was not the only executive shakeup at the company .	pos_neg	1173
It was clear why the ship began taking on water .	It was not clear why the ship began taking on water .	pos_neg	1174
The region needs another failure nor does America 's tattered reputation .	The region does not need another failure nor does America 's tattered reputation .	pos_neg	1175
Money given to charities Whittaker says he has been stingy .	Money given to charities Whittaker says he has not been stingy .	pos_neg	1176
Mr. Craig arrived easily at that moment .	Mr. Craig did not arrive easily at that moment .	pos_neg	1177
Rowling and her agent were immediately available .	Rowling and her agent were not immediately available .	pos_neg	1178
She said the mayor had discussed the E.E.O.C. complaint with company management .	She said the mayor had not discussed the E.E.O.C. complaint with company management .	pos_neg	1179
And that is a good mark in that division .	And that is not a good mark in that division .	pos_neg	1180
An after-hours call to Spears ' attorney was immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Spears ' attorney was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1181
It was immediately possible to explain the discrepancy in the death tolls .	It was not immediately possible to explain the discrepancy in the death tolls .	pos_neg	1182
Detectives questioned the couple for hours but charged them .	Detectives questioned the couple for hours but did not charge them .	pos_neg	1183
She has heard from those companies in months .	She has not heard from those companies in months .	pos_neg	1184
I panicked for that reason .	I did not panic for that reason .	pos_neg	1185
It is just for elderly ladies .	It is not just for elderly ladies .	pos_neg	1186
" " We are a problem .	" " We are not a problem .	pos_neg	1187
Talent is a prerequisite .	Talent is not a prerequisite .	pos_neg	1188
And his statement spelled out the specific benefits to business .	And his statement did not spell out the specific benefits to business .	pos_neg	1189
You know what he did with her .	You do not know what he did with her .	pos_neg	1190
He said it was clear if the women were roommates .	He said it was not clear if the women were roommates .	pos_neg	1191
He was entirely serious .	He was not entirely serious .	pos_neg	1192
Plainly , this has happened .	Plainly , this has not happened .	pos_neg	1193
The authorization sets a deadline for a walkout to begin .	The authorization does not set a deadline for a walkout to begin .	pos_neg	1194
Kasparov 's place on the March ballot was assured .	Kasparov 's place on the March ballot was not assured .	pos_neg	1195
26 and 27 - were the concern of the outside world .	26 and 27 - were not the concern of the outside world .	pos_neg	1196
But it was an obituary .	But it was not an obituary .	pos_neg	1197
Mr. Syron was alone in his lament .	Mr. Syron was not alone in his lament .	pos_neg	1198
He gets frustrated when art schools require more drawing .	He gets frustrated when art schools do not require more drawing .	pos_neg	1199
Only two or three said they knew about the boycott .	Only two or three said they did not know about the boycott .	pos_neg	1200
" This is necessarily a bad thing , " Mr. Murowchick said .	" This is not necessarily a bad thing , " Mr. Murowchick said .	pos_neg	1201
But a great life has to end with the diagnosis .	But a great life does not have to end with the diagnosis .	pos_neg	1202
The movie is coy about this .	The movie is not coy about this .	pos_neg	1203
Sunshine knew the name of the fourth man , Davis said .	Sunshine did not know the name of the fourth man , Davis said .	pos_neg	1204
This is directed at Valentino Rossi , but it could be .	This is not directed at Valentino Rossi , but it could be .	pos_neg	1205
It had worked .	It had not worked .	pos_neg	1206
Calls to the family were returned .	Calls to the family were not returned .	pos_neg	1207
O 'Hanlon : I agree .	O 'Hanlon : I do not agree .	pos_neg	1208
The junta commented on Sunday 's talks .	The junta did not comment on Sunday 's talks .	pos_neg	1209
" They are a magic butt builder , " he notes .	" They are not a magic butt builder , " he notes .	pos_neg	1210
Edwards : It is a good book for reading on a plane .	Edwards : It is not a good book for reading on a plane .	pos_neg	1211
The two sides have officially negotiated since then .	The two sides have not officially negotiated since then .	pos_neg	1212
Subsequent analysis of the body indicated her death was a homicide .	Subsequent analysis of the body indicated her death was not a homicide .	pos_neg	1213
They are happy to see they are being forgotten .	They are happy to see they are not being forgotten .	pos_neg	1214
The Phils have made it since 1993 .	The Phils have not made it since 1993 .	pos_neg	1215
1 , 1898 , saw action overseas .	1 , 1898 , did not see action overseas .	pos_neg	1216
Laura picked up Dutch and they broke up in September .	Laura did not pick up Dutch and they broke up in September .	pos_neg	1217
I am sure .	I am not sure .	pos_neg	1218
Often donors understood Africa or talk to Africans .	Often donors did not understand Africa or talk to Africans .	pos_neg	1219
I had been aware of that .	I had not been aware of that .	pos_neg	1220
Except that it is simple .	Except that it is not simple .	pos_neg	1221
Whether he will come immediately I know .	Whether he will come immediately I do not know .	pos_neg	1222
" That is what people realize , " he said .	" That is what people do not realize , " he said .	pos_neg	1223
He was indicted on eight counts of animal cruelty .	He was not indicted on eight counts of animal cruelty .	pos_neg	1224
That is true of everyone .	That is not true of everyone .	pos_neg	1225
Vicky 's family attended .	Vicky 's family did not attend .	pos_neg	1226
He is contesting the rest of the judgment .	He is not contesting the rest of the judgment .	pos_neg	1227
Humans can hire outfits , canines are allowed to .	Humans can hire outfits , canines are not allowed to .	pos_neg	1228
Stripping delegates is an ideal solution .	Stripping delegates is not an ideal solution .	pos_neg	1229
Mr. Mondavi , 64 , certainly needs the rent .	Mr. Mondavi , 64 , certainly does not need the rent .	pos_neg	1230
Washington and Pyongyang hold bilateral relations .	Washington and Pyongyang do not hold bilateral relations .	pos_neg	1231
But Klein said that is completely right .	But Klein said that is not completely right .	pos_neg	1232
Congress has specifically outlawed incandescent bulbs , only inefficient ones .	Congress has not specifically outlawed incandescent bulbs , only inefficient ones .	pos_neg	1233
The United Nations said who it believed was behind the attack .	The United Nations did not say who it believed was behind the attack .	pos_neg	1234
Mr. Markinson comes anywhere near roller skates .	Mr. Markinson does not come anywhere near roller skates .	pos_neg	1235
An enclave built around a center of faith is new .	An enclave built around a center of faith is not new .	pos_neg	1236
The Robertses are among the six .	The Robertses are not among the six .	pos_neg	1237
But niches need to imply narrow-mindedness .	But niches do not need to imply narrow-mindedness .	pos_neg	1238
Cornerback Chris Cook practiced Monday and is day-to-day , Groh said .	Cornerback Chris Cook did not practice Monday and is day-to-day , Groh said .	pos_neg	1239
Jamie Oliver said the problem lay in the healthier meals .	Jamie Oliver said the problem did not lie in the healthier meals .	pos_neg	1240
lbw b Gillespie It also means he is a very nice guy .	lbw b Gillespie It also means he is not a very nice guy .	pos_neg	1241
Authorities named the doctors but their attorneys confirmed the searches .	Authorities did not name the doctors but their attorneys confirmed the searches .	pos_neg	1242
Roddick has been tested at this U.S. Open .	Roddick has not been tested at this U.S. Open .	pos_neg	1243
" We are taking chances , " Information Minister Mohamed Nasheed said .	" We are not taking chances , " Information Minister Mohamed Nasheed said .	pos_neg	1244
You can just sense that he has that same fire .	You can just sense that he does not have that same fire .	pos_neg	1245
I am sure she read every page .	I am sure she did not read every page .	pos_neg	1246
But Madison Avenue Presbyterian is your ordinary nursery school .	But Madison Avenue Presbyterian is not your ordinary nursery school .	pos_neg	1247
Al-Absi has been seen or heard since early in the fighting .	Al-Absi has not been seen or heard since early in the fighting .	pos_neg	1248
" We like this , " he said .	" We do not like this , " he said .	pos_neg	1249
The minutes said what that response might entail .	The minutes did not say what that response might entail .	pos_neg	1250
You are to watch the show .	You are not to watch the show .	pos_neg	1251
But some economists expect those trends to hold .	But some economists do not expect those trends to hold .	pos_neg	1252
I know .	I do not know .	pos_neg	1253
It was immediately clear how far down they were .	It was not immediately clear how far down they were .	pos_neg	1254
And then you can say it is his fault .	And then you can say it is not his fault .	pos_neg	1255
I need it .	I do not need it .	pos_neg	1256
Researchers examined the possible causes for the varying times .	Researchers did not examine the possible causes for the varying times .	pos_neg	1257
We are here to rule the world .	We are not here to rule the world .	pos_neg	1258
This makes sense , and you should investigate it fully .	This does not make sense , and you should investigate it fully .	pos_neg	1259
He was charged in that case .	He was not charged in that case .	pos_neg	1260
But so many people know that is the case .	But so many people know that is not the case .	pos_neg	1261
They brought it Friday night .	They did not bring it Friday night .	pos_neg	1262
But this is over by a long shot .	But this is not over by a long shot .	pos_neg	1263
Al-Jazeera said how it obtained the tape of the al-Qaida leader .	Al-Jazeera did not say how it obtained the tape of the al-Qaida leader .	pos_neg	1264
But he changed everything .	But he did not change everything .	pos_neg	1265
Target was immediately available for comment to Reuters .	Target was not immediately available for comment to Reuters .	pos_neg	1266
Tina Turner attended Friday 's funeral .	Tina Turner did not attend Friday 's funeral .	pos_neg	1267
Ingalls knew what he could do .	Ingalls did not know what he could do .	pos_neg	1268
They have changed .	They have not changed .	pos_neg	1269
Media saw Shakeri during the visit Tuesday .	Media did not see Shakeri during the visit Tuesday .	pos_neg	1270
The station has national coverage .	The station does not have national coverage .	pos_neg	1271
But Musharraf 's opposition said Thursday 's announcement is enough .	But Musharraf 's opposition said Thursday 's announcement is not enough .	pos_neg	1272
The report addressed threats to federal prosecutors .	The report did not address threats to federal prosecutors .	pos_neg	1273
Cashman 's role in the process is clear .	Cashman 's role in the process is not clear .	pos_neg	1274
He said he thinks Loudoun has miraculously become a blue county .	He said he does not think Loudoun has miraculously become a blue county .	pos_neg	1275
" That is a good sign , " he said .	" That is not a good sign , " he said .	pos_neg	1276
On short rest , his sinker sank in the Bronx .	On short rest , his sinker did not sink in the Bronx .	pos_neg	1277
IBM solves it .	IBM does not solve it .	pos_neg	1278
It worked .	It did not work .	pos_neg	1279
The company has given a cost for its transition .	The company has not given a cost for its transition .	pos_neg	1280
It is only descendants who question the Government 's motives .	It is not only descendants who question the Government 's motives .	pos_neg	1281
But that research stopped Manson from playing up its morbid reputation .	But that research did not stop Manson from playing up its morbid reputation .	pos_neg	1282
They have the moral courage to go on .	They do not have the moral courage to go on .	pos_neg	1283
The actual number of deaths was available .	The actual number of deaths was not available .	pos_neg	1284
The surge has accomplished that .	The surge has not accomplished that .	pos_neg	1285
I am good that way .	I am not good that way .	pos_neg	1286
The Broncos want to see him rolling out .	The Broncos do not want to see him rolling out .	pos_neg	1287
" I am supporting big oil , " Wagner said .	" I am not supporting big oil , " Wagner said .	pos_neg	1288
It is immediately known if he has an attorney .	It is not immediately known if he has an attorney .	pos_neg	1289
It disclosed the casualties ' nationalities .	It did not disclose the casualties ' nationalities .	pos_neg	1290
Some dishes at Moim go with the rest of the menu .	Some dishes at Moim do not go with the rest of the menu .	pos_neg	1291
" I am about to give up , " Hansen wrote .	" I am not about to give up , " Hansen wrote .	pos_neg	1292
We know .	We do not know .	pos_neg	1293
Federici and Williams said the apology went far enough .	Federici and Williams said the apology did not go far enough .	pos_neg	1294
What I know will fit in the Smithsonian .	What I do not know will fit in the Smithsonian .	pos_neg	1295
It has worked out .	It has not worked out .	pos_neg	1296
She said the hotel was damaged .	She said the hotel was not damaged .	pos_neg	1297
Financial terms were released .	Financial terms were not released .	pos_neg	1298
But we are .	But we are not .	pos_neg	1299
The interview was about black-white issues , it was about my life .	The interview was not about black-white issues , it was about my life .	pos_neg	1300
This is setting milk prices .	This is not setting milk prices .	pos_neg	1301
The allegations end there .	The allegations do not end there .	pos_neg	1302
A major eruption at the volcano , however , was expected .	A major eruption at the volcano , however , was not expected .	pos_neg	1303
To say that drivers cannot cheat with meters is true .	To say that drivers cannot cheat with meters is not true .	pos_neg	1304
It was something we were expecting .	It was not something we were expecting .	pos_neg	1305
This is the only plot strand .	This is not the only plot strand .	pos_neg	1306
I have done that for a while .	I have not done that for a while .	pos_neg	1307
He realised the alcohol level he had reached .	He did not realise the alcohol level he had reached .	pos_neg	1308
The Clinton campaign said she had changed her position .	The Clinton campaign said she had not changed her position .	pos_neg	1309
Some coastal residents were taking chances .	Some coastal residents were not taking chances .	pos_neg	1310
He is doing well and has just gone to a hospice .	He is not doing well and has just gone to a hospice .	pos_neg	1311
Both sides are hanging tough and have talked for almost a week .	Both sides are hanging tough and have not talked for almost a week .	pos_neg	1312
She was returning phone calls yesterday .	She was not returning phone calls yesterday .	pos_neg	1313
He is absolutely right , but the problem is the clear skies .	He is absolutely right , but the problem is not the clear skies .	pos_neg	1314
It is all mostly interesting , except when it is .	It is all mostly interesting , except when it is not .	pos_neg	1315
The administration has finalized standards for Real ID-compliant driver 's licenses .	The administration has not finalized standards for Real ID-compliant driver 's licenses .	pos_neg	1316
Alexander said he knew the caliber of the other gun .	Alexander said he did not know the caliber of the other gun .	pos_neg	1317
Living in the Village is all Magnolia cupcakes .	Living in the Village is not all Magnolia cupcakes .	pos_neg	1318
But if that is possible , there is Joe with the Dodgers .	But if that is not possible , there is Joe with the Dodgers .	pos_neg	1319
" This is something that is unusual , " Mr. Carbonetti said .	" This is something that is not unusual , " Mr. Carbonetti said .	pos_neg	1320
That was $ 230 , money that her mother had .	That was $ 230 , money that her mother did not have .	pos_neg	1321
I know if that is a good idea .	I do not know if that is a good idea .	pos_neg	1322
I was the only one focused on attitude this week .	I was not the only one focused on attitude this week .	pos_neg	1323
The fault had previously been deemed an earthquake threat .	The fault had not previously been deemed an earthquake threat .	pos_neg	1324
A Ranchers Beef spokesman was immediately available for comment .	A Ranchers Beef spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	1325
It is a formula which reacts well to fitness problems .	It is a formula which does not react well to fitness problems .	pos_neg	1326
We are surprised .	We are not surprised .	pos_neg	1327
A. I know .	A. I do not know .	pos_neg	1328
A Thompson spokesman responded to a message seeking comment .	A Thompson spokesman did not respond to a message seeking comment .	pos_neg	1329
He bristled at questions about why the measures had been taken sooner .	He bristled at questions about why the measures had not been taken sooner .	pos_neg	1330
" I work like that , " Webb said .	" I do not work like that , " Webb said .	pos_neg	1331
His sculpture is invention , it is reporting .	His sculpture is not invention , it is reporting .	pos_neg	1332
No , it was Santa Claus .	No , it was not Santa Claus .	pos_neg	1333
Calls to Lohan 's publicist and attorney were immediately returned .	Calls to Lohan 's publicist and attorney were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1334
I know what his problem is .	I do not know what his problem is .	pos_neg	1335
He sees it as the oppressed becoming the oppressor .	He does not see it as the oppressed becoming the oppressor .	pos_neg	1336
We got off to the start that we wanted to .	We did not get off to the start that we wanted to .	pos_neg	1337
But he is satisfied with that achievement .	But he is not satisfied with that achievement .	pos_neg	1338
The Bank engages in subprime lending .	The Bank does not engage in subprime lending .	pos_neg	1339
He was involved in the shooting .	He was not involved in the shooting .	pos_neg	1340
Previously , the Company had direct equity ownership in Shanxi Coal .	Previously , the Company did not have direct equity ownership in Shanxi Coal .	pos_neg	1341
The simple arithmetic calculation has to be a pipe dream .	The simple arithmetic calculation does not have to be a pipe dream .	pos_neg	1342
" It is easy , " Zathang said through an interpreter .	" It is not easy , " Zathang said through an interpreter .	pos_neg	1343
It is coming from little African American kids .	It is not coming from little African American kids .	pos_neg	1344
They were these adorable little creatures .	They were not these adorable little creatures .	pos_neg	1345
A call to a hospital spokeswoman was immediately returned .	A call to a hospital spokeswoman was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1346
It is Stevens ' first run-in with the law .	It is not Stevens ' first run-in with the law .	pos_neg	1347
Unlike robbery , larceny by trick is an element of felony murder .	Unlike robbery , larceny by trick is not an element of felony murder .	pos_neg	1348
The FBI said how they knew he had been hospitalized .	The FBI did not say how they knew he had been hospitalized .	pos_neg	1349
This is the first time R.E.M. has worked with Cooper .	This is not the first time R.E.M. has worked with Cooper .	pos_neg	1350
It is as if American corporations are completely unrestrained .	It is not as if American corporations are completely unrestrained .	pos_neg	1351
This is a numbers game .	This is not a numbers game .	pos_neg	1352
It was because she needed the money .	It was not because she needed the money .	pos_neg	1353
A call Monday to an attorney for Showtime was immediately returned .	A call Monday to an attorney for Showtime was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1354
" It is a slam , " she insisted .	" It is not a slam , " she insisted .	pos_neg	1355
It is in there .	It is not in there .	pos_neg	1356
He is a grandstander .	He is not a grandstander .	pos_neg	1357
But unlike Hughes , he recovered .	But unlike Hughes , he did not recover .	pos_neg	1358
Just let them near the remote .	Just do not let them near the remote .	pos_neg	1359
The victim suffered a slight injury but needed hospital treatment .	The victim suffered a slight injury but did not need hospital treatment .	pos_neg	1360
He needs his vehicle now because we took his license .	He does not need his vehicle now because we took his license .	pos_neg	1361
It just was a good fit .	It just was not a good fit .	pos_neg	1362
She disclosed the amount .	She did not disclose the amount .	pos_neg	1363
But I am going to run and hide from it .	But I am not going to run and hide from it .	pos_neg	1364
The Associated Press generally identifies people alleging sexual abuse .	The Associated Press generally does not identify people alleging sexual abuse .	pos_neg	1365
They want to have to do that .	They do not want to have to do that .	pos_neg	1366
Hilton spokesman Elliot Mintz returned telephone calls Wednesday .	Hilton spokesman Elliot Mintz did not return telephone calls Wednesday .	pos_neg	1367
If it were so pathetic it would be hilarious .	If it were not so pathetic it would be hilarious .	pos_neg	1368
It is just the ineptitude , it is the bloody arrogance .	It is not just the ineptitude , it is the bloody arrogance .	pos_neg	1369
, voted .	, did not vote .	pos_neg	1370
But it is my decision .	But it is not my decision .	pos_neg	1371
Running from deep is something Lampard does very often , after all .	Running from deep is not something Lampard does very often , after all .	pos_neg	1372
But researchers said the increase was statistically significant .	But researchers said the increase was not statistically significant .	pos_neg	1373
Inclusion for its own sake just is their game .	Inclusion for its own sake just is not their game .	pos_neg	1374
But they did that on the other side .	But they did not do that on the other side .	pos_neg	1375
Celebratory gunfire is only unsafe -- it is against the law .	Celebratory gunfire is not only unsafe -- it is against the law .	pos_neg	1376
Recurring dream : We need to get into that .	Recurring dream : We do not need to get into that .	pos_neg	1377
" This is the life you should have , " he said .	" This is not the life you should have , " he said .	pos_neg	1378
Sometimes , they got along .	Sometimes , they did not get along .	pos_neg	1379
" " We have been bashful about asking for the moon here .	" " We have not been bashful about asking for the moon here .	pos_neg	1380
" I am surprised , " an entertainment psychologist told Pop Tarts .	" I am not surprised , " an entertainment psychologist told Pop Tarts .	pos_neg	1381
We are empowered to enforce U.S. law .	We are not empowered to enforce U.S. law .	pos_neg	1382
Inquiries , alas , have elicited a name .	Inquiries , alas , have not elicited a name .	pos_neg	1383
He was more specific about the location .	He was not more specific about the location .	pos_neg	1384
However , hold your breath .	However , do not hold your breath .	pos_neg	1385
Political triangulation here tends to be only undesirable , but also unnecessary .	Political triangulation here tends to be not only undesirable , but also unnecessary .	pos_neg	1386
11 strikes , are missed .	11 strikes , are not missed .	pos_neg	1387
Why is former governor Mike Huckabee , R-Ark .	Why is not former governor Mike Huckabee , R-Ark .	pos_neg	1388
Evans said she was surprised police were recommending charges against her son .	Evans said she was not surprised police were recommending charges against her son .	pos_neg	1389
It is going to be the same .	It is not going to be the same .	pos_neg	1390
I know the answer to that .	I do not know the answer to that .	pos_neg	1391
Even on the crudest finger-pointing level , it is funny .	Even on the crudest finger-pointing level , it is not funny .	pos_neg	1392
It helped one bit .	It did not help one bit .	pos_neg	1393
Messages left for the agent , Jordan Bazant , were immediately returned .	Messages left for the agent , Jordan Bazant , were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1394
Roethlisberger earns weekly player honor He specified the information .	Roethlisberger earns weekly player honor He did not specify the information .	pos_neg	1395
It is the case for everyone .	It is not the case for everyone .	pos_neg	1396
And it is just people who get cursed .	And it is not just people who get cursed .	pos_neg	1397
Livni elaborated .	Livni did not elaborate .	pos_neg	1398
It is clear when the F-15s will be allowed to fly again .	It is not clear when the F-15s will be allowed to fly again .	pos_neg	1399
A cause of death was immediately available .	A cause of death was not immediately available .	pos_neg	1400
" The sentiment was " we are going to cross the moat .	" The sentiment was " we are not going to cross the moat .	pos_neg	1401
Yet the message of the song was easy to swallow .	Yet the message of the song was not easy to swallow .	pos_neg	1402
And I like cats .	And I do not like cats .	pos_neg	1403
Mr. Bose is the first to pursue converting radios to software .	Mr. Bose is not the first to pursue converting radios to software .	pos_neg	1404
West had surgery at the hospital , said Ettinger .	West did not have surgery at the hospital , said Ettinger .	pos_neg	1405
Many say they plan on returning to Gaza .	Many say they do not plan on returning to Gaza .	pos_neg	1406
She disappointed : she was awful .	She did not disappoint : she was awful .	pos_neg	1407
Judith wants to go to day care .	Judith does not want to go to day care .	pos_neg	1408
When he starts again , I know .	When he starts again , I do not know .	pos_neg	1409
This figure includes an additional $ 380,000 contributed to New Detroit .	This figure does not include an additional $ 380,000 contributed to New Detroit .	pos_neg	1410
A spokesman for NBC returned calls for comment .	A spokesman for NBC did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	1411
That would be a bad thing perhaps , but irresponsible .	That would be not a bad thing perhaps , but irresponsible .	pos_neg	1412
These were people who were ill .	These were not people who were ill .	pos_neg	1413
The terms of the deal were disclosed .	The terms of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	1414
It was immediately clear when the operation would begin .	It was not immediately clear when the operation would begin .	pos_neg	1415
One woman complained that more Yiddish was spoken during the panel .	One woman complained that more Yiddish was not spoken during the panel .	pos_neg	1416
He clearly wanted to relive the memories .	He clearly did not want to relive the memories .	pos_neg	1417
She offered further details , the British newspaper said .	She did not offer further details , the British newspaper said .	pos_neg	1418
He said he was permitted to discuss the transaction .	He said he was not permitted to discuss the transaction .	pos_neg	1419
Please remember that Robert Moses moved the Dodgers .	Please remember that Robert Moses did not move the Dodgers .	pos_neg	1420
Mr. Sarkozy has commented on the case .	Mr. Sarkozy has not commented on the case .	pos_neg	1421
" " It is an illness we should be complacent about .	" " It is not an illness we should be complacent about .	pos_neg	1422
But with so few beds , this option is available to everyone .	But with so few beds , this option is not available to everyone .	pos_neg	1423
Quite frankly , they were supposed to be here .	Quite frankly , they were not supposed to be here .	pos_neg	1424
Clearly , then , the GRV is just another live music venue .	Clearly , then , the GRV is not just another live music venue .	pos_neg	1425
It was a steady performance .	It was not a steady performance .	pos_neg	1426
His lawyers responded Monday to requests for comment .	His lawyers did not respond Monday to requests for comment .	pos_neg	1427
Nkunda said the process of army reforms was a problem for him .	Nkunda said the process of army reforms was not a problem for him .	pos_neg	1428
But YouTube was the first to set the online video craze rolling .	But YouTube was not the first to set the online video craze rolling .	pos_neg	1429
The companies announced the price of the songs .	The companies did not announce the price of the songs .	pos_neg	1430
I want that to be on my résumé .	I do not want that to be on my résumé .	pos_neg	1431
The cause of the blast was immediately clear .	The cause of the blast was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	1432
It was their concern .	It was not their concern .	pos_neg	1433
He added patients often want to leave work .	He added patients often do not want to leave work .	pos_neg	1434
As for the service issues the Callisons experienced , I am surprised .	As for the service issues the Callisons experienced , I am not surprised .	pos_neg	1435
At first , he wanted it .	At first , he did not want it .	pos_neg	1436
Gillmor 's office responded to a reporter 's call .	Gillmor 's office did not respond to a reporter 's call .	pos_neg	1437
Many know it .	Many do not know it .	pos_neg	1438
But whether that contributed to his death is known .	But whether that contributed to his death is not known .	pos_neg	1439
I am disputing claims of inattentive treatment by my airborne colleagues .	I am not disputing claims of inattentive treatment by my airborne colleagues .	pos_neg	1440
And it probably was fair .	And it probably was not fair .	pos_neg	1441
He also was the last .	He also was not the last .	pos_neg	1442
This decision changes that .	This decision does not change that .	pos_neg	1443
It was immediately known how he died .	It was not immediately known how he died .	pos_neg	1444
You have to read or help him market his book .	You do not have to read or help him market his book .	pos_neg	1445
You knew the 90-minute , four-hand massage was going to be cheap .	You knew the 90-minute , four-hand massage was not going to be cheap .	pos_neg	1446
By contrast , casinos elsewhere are proving so resilient .	By contrast , casinos elsewhere are not proving so resilient .	pos_neg	1447
" " He has seen his daughter for over five months .	" " He has not seen his daughter for over five months .	pos_neg	1448
The council said decisions to write off debts were taken lightly .	The council said decisions to write off debts were not taken lightly .	pos_neg	1449
The reason for the problem was immediately clear , Lyndin said .	The reason for the problem was not immediately clear , Lyndin said .	pos_neg	1450
In addition , credit scores account for a person 's income .	In addition , credit scores do not account for a person 's income .	pos_neg	1451
Management believes these represent a significant financial exposure to the Company .	Management does not believe these represent a significant financial exposure to the Company .	pos_neg	1452
She returned a call to her office .	She did not return a call to her office .	pos_neg	1453
And Ibrahim is untypical .	And Ibrahim is not untypical .	pos_neg	1454
The trend toward perennial powers exists only in football .	The trend toward perennial powers does not exist only in football .	pos_neg	1455
He certainly had illusions about human motivation .	He certainly did not have illusions about human motivation .	pos_neg	1456
We know what was keeping him here .	We do not know what was keeping him here .	pos_neg	1457
THOMAS JEFFERSON was a fan of Tories .	THOMAS JEFFERSON was not a fan of Tories .	pos_neg	1458
A celebrity mother-to-be is allowed to have swollen ankles .	A celebrity mother-to-be is not allowed to have swollen ankles .	pos_neg	1459
" Gambling 's illegal , " Sullivan said .	" Gambling 's not illegal , " Sullivan said .	pos_neg	1460
This restriction applies to distributors of water to farms .	This restriction does not apply to distributors of water to farms .	pos_neg	1461
Morin 's mother says she was aware of the policy .	Morin 's mother says she was not aware of the policy .	pos_neg	1462
Sally went once .	Sally did not go once .	pos_neg	1463
But winning the electoral votes is necessarily Giuliani 's goal .	But winning the electoral votes is not necessarily Giuliani 's goal .	pos_neg	1464
And the answer is very damned many .	And the answer is not very damned many .	pos_neg	1465
Talent is enough .	Talent is not enough .	pos_neg	1466
Kevin 's parents got past the sixth grade .	Kevin 's parents did not get past the sixth grade .	pos_neg	1467
A Regula spokesman returned calls seeking comment .	A Regula spokesman did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	1468
The first lady is solely interested in Myanmar , Perino added .	The first lady is not solely interested in Myanmar , Perino added .	pos_neg	1469
If he had , I never would have lived .	If he had not , I never would have lived .	pos_neg	1470
The next morning they realized the newcomer was Wild Cat .	The next morning they realized the newcomer was not Wild Cat .	pos_neg	1471
Too bad the free-agent pool is as robust .	Too bad the free-agent pool is not as robust .	pos_neg	1472
" It is curriculum-driven , " she said .	" It is not curriculum-driven , " she said .	pos_neg	1473
They want to be reminded of it all the time .	They do not want to be reminded of it all the time .	pos_neg	1474
" " Some of it was making plays .	" " Some of it was not making plays .	pos_neg	1475
You realize that we are playing just for ourselves .	You realize that we are not playing just for ourselves .	pos_neg	1476
Exporting most electronic waste is illegal in the United States .	Exporting most electronic waste is not illegal in the United States .	pos_neg	1477
( 1 ) Most know they are infected .	( 1 ) Most do not know they are infected .	pos_neg	1478
Wednesday 's reports specified the details of the proposal .	Wednesday 's reports did not specify the details of the proposal .	pos_neg	1479
Comcast is accused of quite the same thing .	Comcast is not accused of quite the same thing .	pos_neg	1480
The toll was abnormal by Iraqi standards .	The toll was not abnormal by Iraqi standards .	pos_neg	1481
Erin was just laying there and she was breathing .	Erin was just laying there and she was not breathing .	pos_neg	1482
Burress has missed a game this season .	Burress has not missed a game this season .	pos_neg	1483
The only safe advice is to drink while you are pregnant .	The only safe advice is not to drink while you are pregnant .	pos_neg	1484
At the same time , he has played competitively in four decades .	At the same time , he has not played competitively in four decades .	pos_neg	1485
And Google is the first to try to commercialize widgets .	And Google is not the first to try to commercialize widgets .	pos_neg	1486
I had tried everything but had got the results .	I had tried everything but had not got the results .	pos_neg	1487
The Mavericks scored another point .	The Mavericks did not score another point .	pos_neg	1488
A determination also has been made on Torre 's coaches .	A determination also has not been made on Torre 's coaches .	pos_neg	1489
The published price is the real price for many students .	The published price is not the real price for many students .	pos_neg	1490
She also knew the girls ' relationship .	She also did not know the girls ' relationship .	pos_neg	1491
But that seemed unlikely , and Ms. Kanno pursued things .	But that seemed unlikely , and Ms. Kanno did not pursue things .	pos_neg	1492
" OK , she is fat , " wrote another .	" OK , she is not fat , " wrote another .	pos_neg	1493
We have masked men working with us .	We do not have masked men working with us .	pos_neg	1494
I am against Islam .	I am not against Islam .	pos_neg	1495
It is known whether they survived .	It is not known whether they survived .	pos_neg	1496
He answered when they called his name , Stadelman said .	He did not answer when they called his name , Stadelman said .	pos_neg	1497
But patience is a virtue of opposition leaders .	But patience is not a virtue of opposition leaders .	pos_neg	1498
Overspraying is unheard of .	Overspraying is not unheard of .	pos_neg	1499
" They are really sophisticated investors , " Ms. Somekh said .	" They are not really sophisticated investors , " Ms. Somekh said .	pos_neg	1500
" It was easy , " he said after the race .	" It was not easy , " he said after the race .	pos_neg	1501
Electronic trading was affected .	Electronic trading was not affected .	pos_neg	1502
You have an education .	You do not have an education .	pos_neg	1503
But many college students pay sticker price .	But many college students do not pay sticker price .	pos_neg	1504
But I guess it was our turn after all this year .	But I guess it was not our turn after all this year .	pos_neg	1505
We know the answers .	We do not know the answers .	pos_neg	1506
( qna ) He is a physical comedian .	( qna ) He is not a physical comedian .	pos_neg	1507
" " I know Mr. Kerik .	" " I do not know Mr. Kerik .	pos_neg	1508
It was clear if she was forced to have sex .	It was not clear if she was forced to have sex .	pos_neg	1509
But even if the banks are deceptive , they may be mistaken .	But even if the banks are not deceptive , they may be mistaken .	pos_neg	1510
I am willing to go that far because steroids are illegal .	I am not willing to go that far because steroids are illegal .	pos_neg	1511
They are , in fact , suffering from low or poor self-esteem .	They are not , in fact , suffering from low or poor self-esteem .	pos_neg	1512
" I am going to get more pregnant , " Emily says .	" I am not going to get more pregnant , " Emily says .	pos_neg	1513
But Reaching The Podium Is Easy .	But Reaching The Podium Is Not Easy .	pos_neg	1514
Road maintenance company Transerv said it knows when it will reopen .	Road maintenance company Transerv said it does not know when it will reopen .	pos_neg	1515
But Saks 's legal troubles are over .	But Saks 's legal troubles are not over .	pos_neg	1516
It is sad , because they came that way .	It is sad , because they did not come that way .	pos_neg	1517
I am going to defer it .	I am not going to defer it .	pos_neg	1518
It was known how long she intends to stay .	It was not known how long she intends to stay .	pos_neg	1519
We are in the meat business .	We are not in the meat business .	pos_neg	1520
Mr. Cohen returned calls yesterday to his work and cellphone numbers .	Mr. Cohen did not return calls yesterday to his work and cellphone numbers .	pos_neg	1521
We want our kids to memorize .	We do not want our kids to memorize .	pos_neg	1522
Pat Riley does losing .	Pat Riley does not do losing .	pos_neg	1523
But that means cheap .	But that does not mean cheap .	pos_neg	1524
That is going to happen .	That is not going to happen .	pos_neg	1525
" We have played from the lead , " Waddell said .	" We have not played from the lead , " Waddell said .	pos_neg	1526
Nor does it mean that " K-Ville " is worth rooting for .	Nor does it mean that " K-Ville " is not worth rooting for .	pos_neg	1527
He mentioned how many .	He did not mention how many .	pos_neg	1528
He remembered that when I finally met him face to face .	He did not remember that when I finally met him face to face .	pos_neg	1529
VMware , for example , is the inexperienced dot-com of yesteryear .	VMware , for example , is not the inexperienced dot-com of yesteryear .	pos_neg	1530
Anderson offered specific examples of incidents he had seen .	Anderson did not offer specific examples of incidents he had seen .	pos_neg	1531
I am in very good shape .	I am not in very good shape .	pos_neg	1532
The suit cites sexual behavior .	The suit does not cite sexual behavior .	pos_neg	1533
It gets easier , she wrote about losing a dog .	It does not get easier , she wrote about losing a dog .	pos_neg	1534
But I think he will be broken-hearted if Scotland win .	But I do not think he will be broken-hearted if Scotland win .	pos_neg	1535
I know if we have a whole lot of choice .	I do not know if we have a whole lot of choice .	pos_neg	1536
And Gotske certainly is the only one who adores Big Macs .	And Gotske certainly is not the only one who adores Big Macs .	pos_neg	1537
There were others whose opinions of the negro were so generous .	There were others whose opinions of the negro were not so generous .	pos_neg	1538
And such views bide well for the success of relationships .	And such views do not bode well for the success of relationships .	pos_neg	1539
But we fear them .	But we do not fear them .	pos_neg	1540
It has stopped the Iranian nuclear program or changed the regime .	It has not stopped the Iranian nuclear program or changed the regime .	pos_neg	1541
" There is a deal done , " he said Thursday .	" There is not a deal done , " he said Thursday .	pos_neg	1542
BP told Times Online it comments on ongoing regulatory issues .	BP told Times Online it does not comment on ongoing regulatory issues .	pos_neg	1543
It changes where they go on vacation .	It does not change where they go on vacation .	pos_neg	1544
But it is always going to be kisses and candy .	But it is not always going to be kisses and candy .	pos_neg	1545
These spaces have a new-office odor .	These spaces do not have a new-office odor .	pos_neg	1546
Representatives from Kohl 's were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Kohl 's were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	1547
The Birth : Instant Results That is a figure of speech .	The Birth : Instant Results That is not a figure of speech .	pos_neg	1548
Authorities have released a name .	Authorities have not released a name .	pos_neg	1549
The head coach fancied him then ended up relying on him .	The head coach did not fancy him then ended up relying on him .	pos_neg	1550
Ignite 's Cows simply meet N.C.L.B. standards .	Ignite 's Cows simply do not meet N.C.L.B. standards .	pos_neg	1551
But , really , it is .	But , really , it is not .	pos_neg	1552
The Bruins announced his death but disclosed the cause .	The Bruins announced his death but did not disclose the cause .	pos_neg	1553
He is 9 foot tall .	He is not 9 foot tall .	pos_neg	1554
The system has been trouble-free .	The system has not been trouble-free .	pos_neg	1555
She was a bad lady but she had a temper .	She was not a bad lady but she had a temper .	pos_neg	1556
Security forces were in evidence for most of the route .	Security forces were not in evidence for most of the route .	pos_neg	1557
Investigators suspect that the property 's smoke alarm went off .	Investigators suspect that the property 's smoke alarm did not go off .	pos_neg	1558
CLEVELAND -- The Pittsburgh Steelers have changed a bit under Mike Tomlin .	CLEVELAND -- The Pittsburgh Steelers have not changed a bit under Mike Tomlin .	pos_neg	1559
The situation was helped by the easy-listening arrangements .	The situation was not helped by the easy-listening arrangements .	pos_neg	1560
These are good times for Pakistan politics or electioneering .	These are not good times for Pakistan politics or electioneering .	pos_neg	1561
Messages left with her attorney were immediately returned .	Messages left with her attorney were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1562
Precise financial terms of the deal were disclosed .	Precise financial terms of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	1563
It took long for them to be proven right .	It did not take long for them to be proven right .	pos_neg	1564
What he did was commercial use , which triggers the legal issues .	What he did was not commercial use , which triggers the legal issues .	pos_neg	1565
That moment made it into the movie .	That moment did not make it into the movie .	pos_neg	1566
HealthSaver is an insurance product or service .	HealthSaver is not an insurance product or service .	pos_neg	1567
He told French radio that the aid workers were child traffickers .	He told French radio that the aid workers were not child traffickers .	pos_neg	1568
This vote margin is large enough to override the President 's veto .	This vote margin is not large enough to override the President 's veto .	pos_neg	1569
The 42-year-old driver , from Trentham , Stoke-on-Trent , was badly hurt .	The 42-year-old driver , from Trentham , Stoke-on-Trent , was not badly hurt .	pos_neg	1570
I was 100 percent dead on like I usually am .	I was not 100 percent dead on like I usually am .	pos_neg	1571
The analysis showed that emotional status was associated with survival rate .	The analysis showed that emotional status was not associated with survival rate .	pos_neg	1572
It is a who-did- what-to-whom-when story .	It is not a who-did- what-to-whom-when story .	pos_neg	1573
The nightmare ended there .	The nightmare did not end there .	pos_neg	1574
Johnson also was injured .	Johnson also was not injured .	pos_neg	1575
The settlement 's terms were made public .	The settlement 's terms were not made public .	pos_neg	1576
He is alone .	He is not alone .	pos_neg	1577
" It was a big thing , " Romo said .	" It was not a big thing , " Romo said .	pos_neg	1578
No , Epiphania , you are alone .	No , Epiphania , you are not alone .	pos_neg	1579
However , Democratic presidential candidates have lost Michigan since 1992 .	However , Democratic presidential candidates have not lost Michigan since 1992 .	pos_neg	1580
You deal with losing , it is the end of the world .	You deal with losing , it is not the end of the world .	pos_neg	1581
Some just simply have the means to meet their next obligation .	Some just simply do not have the means to meet their next obligation .	pos_neg	1582
U.S. officials were immediately available to comment on the meeting .	U.S. officials were not immediately available to comment on the meeting .	pos_neg	1583
He is phony .	He is not phony .	pos_neg	1584
Butts said the students were screened for other drugs .	Butts said the students were not screened for other drugs .	pos_neg	1585
But it is just grand theft that leaves a bitter taste .	But it is not just grand theft that leaves a bitter taste .	pos_neg	1586
But delivering aid to places like Khatachira is easy .	But delivering aid to places like Khatachira is not easy .	pos_neg	1587
Take your pictures but go 60 mph down a one-way street .	Take your pictures but do not go 60 mph down a one-way street .	pos_neg	1588
Failure to address the current fiscal crisis is an attractive option .	Failure to address the current fiscal crisis is not an attractive option .	pos_neg	1589
What the documents say is why .	What the documents do not say is why .	pos_neg	1590
Even that change slowed down the Patriots .	Even that change did not slow down the Patriots .	pos_neg	1591
Hilton 's older sister , Paris , made an appearance .	Hilton 's older sister , Paris , did not make an appearance .	pos_neg	1592
Maybe they want a palatial compound .	Maybe they do not want a palatial compound .	pos_neg	1593
Some are convinced .	Some are not convinced .	pos_neg	1594
He thought he had an enemy .	He did not think he had an enemy .	pos_neg	1595
But because it moved fast enough , it paid a premium .	But because it did not move fast enough , it paid a premium .	pos_neg	1596
I have them in my home .	I do not have them in my home .	pos_neg	1597
He elaborated .	He did not elaborate .	pos_neg	1598
In Idaho , Chilly Barton Flat was living up to its name .	In Idaho , Chilly Barton Flat was not living up to its name .	pos_neg	1599
The argument is just about word choice .	The argument is not just about word choice .	pos_neg	1600
We are thinking about that .	We are not thinking about that .	pos_neg	1601
He told authorities he realized the monkey 's voyage was illegal .	He told authorities he did not realize the monkey 's voyage was illegal .	pos_neg	1602
" I am able to comment on that , " he replied .	" I am not able to comment on that , " he replied .	pos_neg	1603
The name of her attorney was immediately available .	The name of her attorney was not immediately available .	pos_neg	1604
" " It was unique .	" " It was not unique .	pos_neg	1605
These statements are encouraging Kosovo Albanians to show flexibility in the talks .	These statements are not encouraging Kosovo Albanians to show flexibility in the talks .	pos_neg	1606
Errors in records are the only reason for chronic delays .	Errors in records are not the only reason for chronic delays .	pos_neg	1607
Somehow , Simian Mobile Disco comes across as retro .	Somehow , Simian Mobile Disco does not come across as retro .	pos_neg	1608
Police officials disputed the validity of that assessment .	Police officials did not dispute the validity of that assessment .	pos_neg	1609
I really have time to worry about this .	I really do not have time to worry about this .	pos_neg	1610
The officials requested anonymity because they were authorized to release the information .	The officials requested anonymity because they were not authorized to release the information .	pos_neg	1611
That was the team 's only loss .	That was not the team 's only loss .	pos_neg	1612
The judge was persuaded .	The judge was not persuaded .	pos_neg	1613
I am giving up .	I am not giving up .	pos_neg	1614
Suddenly , she lives up to their expectations .	Suddenly , she does not live up to their expectations .	pos_neg	1615
Some people understand it , and think it is stupid .	Some people do not understand it , and think it is stupid .	pos_neg	1616
He returned after the second-quarter hit .	He did not return after the second-quarter hit .	pos_neg	1617
Stores that complied were cut off , the documents alleged .	Stores that did not comply were cut off , the documents alleged .	pos_neg	1618
Lynch is alone in calling for the groups to be absorbed .	Lynch is not alone in calling for the groups to be absorbed .	pos_neg	1619
Finally , these Democrats understand their victory formula is brain surgery .	Finally , these Democrats understand their victory formula is not brain surgery .	pos_neg	1620
So , it is without a sense of gratitude that I work .	So , it is not without a sense of gratitude that I work .	pos_neg	1621
He knew if he would pitch again in the regular season .	He did not know if he would pitch again in the regular season .	pos_neg	1622
The panel of judges issued a ruling on Wednesday .	The panel of judges did not issue a ruling on Wednesday .	pos_neg	1623
Perfect it is .	Perfect it is not .	pos_neg	1624
In the vegan world that is an uncommon dilemma .	In the vegan world that is not an uncommon dilemma .	pos_neg	1625
This was a slip of the tongue .	This was not a slip of the tongue .	pos_neg	1626
But he has been charged in Massachusetts .	But he has not been charged in Massachusetts .	pos_neg	1627
That obviously happened .	That obviously did not happen .	pos_neg	1628
The economy is this good .	The economy is not this good .	pos_neg	1629
BUSH : No , it matters to me .	BUSH : No , it does not matter to me .	pos_neg	1630
Because when life is painful , it is often painfully dull .	Because when life is not painful , it is often painfully dull .	pos_neg	1631
A message left for that office was immediately returned Thursday .	A message left for that office was not immediately returned Thursday .	pos_neg	1632
Bring your circus of hate to Maryland again .	Do not bring your circus of hate to Maryland again .	pos_neg	1633
It was in very good shape .	It was not in very good shape .	pos_neg	1634
That is the only argument for a future of unmanned space exploration .	That is not the only argument for a future of unmanned space exploration .	pos_neg	1635
Schilling has pitched a postseason game at Fenway since .	Schilling has not pitched a postseason game at Fenway since .	pos_neg	1636
" He is being treated fairly , " Bush said .	" He is not being treated fairly , " Bush said .	pos_neg	1637
And it is like the factors driving those problems have gone away .	And it is not like the factors driving those problems have gone away .	pos_neg	1638
The wireless industry was so enthusiastic .	The wireless industry was not so enthusiastic .	pos_neg	1639
The crash killed the horse , whose owner was immediately determined .	The crash killed the horse , whose owner was not immediately determined .	pos_neg	1640
Dunlap countered that the pop star was trying to create media attention .	Dunlap countered that the pop star was not trying to create media attention .	pos_neg	1641
The debate improved from there .	The debate did not improve from there .	pos_neg	1642
Traffic on the bridge has been affected , authorities said .	Traffic on the bridge has not been affected , authorities said .	pos_neg	1643
It was known if McDougle had a lawyer .	It was not known if McDougle had a lawyer .	pos_neg	1644
The Kent and Sussex and Pembury hospitals have helipads .	The Kent and Sussex and Pembury hospitals do not have helipads .	pos_neg	1645
It is democratic .	It is not democratic .	pos_neg	1646
Mr. Ryan of JPMorgan says it is all about numbers .	Mr. Ryan of JPMorgan says it is not all about numbers .	pos_neg	1647
But look for those episodes on TV .	But do not look for those episodes on TV .	pos_neg	1648
But this moon was a fat man climbing .	But this moon was not a fat man climbing .	pos_neg	1649
It is intended to be .	It is not intended to be .	pos_neg	1650
He is read , for example , Moby-Dick or War and Peace .	He is not read , for example , Moby-Dick or War and Peace .	pos_neg	1651
He released further details .	He did not release further details .	pos_neg	1652
Both sides acknowledge they have made progress .	Both sides acknowledge they have not made progress .	pos_neg	1653
A spokesman for the NHL had an immediate comment .	A spokesman for the NHL did not have an immediate comment .	pos_neg	1654
Faulkner said those systems worked for him .	Faulkner said those systems did not work for him .	pos_neg	1655
He says he has paid for one since .	He says he has not paid for one since .	pos_neg	1656
But many have .	But many have not .	pos_neg	1657
Obama acknowledged that he was imposing a clear-cut ban on lobbyists .	Obama acknowledged that he was not imposing a clear-cut ban on lobbyists .	pos_neg	1658
But the extra-long beds have been without controversy .	But the extra-long beds have not been without controversy .	pos_neg	1659
The victims ' conditions were immediately clear .	The victims ' conditions were not immediately clear .	pos_neg	1660
I think they should be feted in this way .	I do not think they should be feted in this way .	pos_neg	1661
You were influenced by someone you believed had an official function .	You were not influenced by someone you believed had an official function .	pos_neg	1662
America is short of potential leverage over the coupster .	America is not short of potential leverage over the coupster .	pos_neg	1663
But wait , ladies , that is all .	But wait , ladies , that is not all .	pos_neg	1664
Being a yob suited him .	Being a yob did not suit him .	pos_neg	1665
The junta indicated when Aung Kyi might meet with Suu Kyi .	The junta did not indicate when Aung Kyi might meet with Suu Kyi .	pos_neg	1666
" These are unfounded allegations , " Waxman said .	" These are not unfounded allegations , " Waxman said .	pos_neg	1667
The cause of the crash was immediately known .	The cause of the crash was not immediately known .	pos_neg	1668
EBITDA has a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP .	EBITDA does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP .	pos_neg	1669
Terms of the settlement were disclosed .	Terms of the settlement were not disclosed .	pos_neg	1670
He is a scientist .	He is not a scientist .	pos_neg	1671
He wanted to overwhelm them .	He did not want to overwhelm them .	pos_neg	1672
The driver was identified .	The driver was not identified .	pos_neg	1673
The others answered .	The others did not answer .	pos_neg	1674
Flanagan said he had spoken to Spears in a few days .	Flanagan said he had not spoken to Spears in a few days .	pos_neg	1675
But these young women deserve to know it was said with malice .	But these young women deserve to know it was not said with malice .	pos_neg	1676
But it is just the quantity of the people that matters .	But it is not just the quantity of the people that matters .	pos_neg	1677
A late-career win is completely unprecedented , however .	A late-career win is not completely unprecedented , however .	pos_neg	1678
This romance plays well in certain precincts of the South .	This romance does not play well in certain precincts of the South .	pos_neg	1679
Reform Judaism requires it , Orthodox and Conservative movements do .	Reform Judaism does not require it , Orthodox and Conservative movements do .	pos_neg	1680
E-mails to Aguilera 's representatives seeking comment were immediately returned Monday .	E-mails to Aguilera 's representatives seeking comment were not immediately returned Monday .	pos_neg	1681
The Cowboys have the Colts in the way .	The Cowboys do not have the Colts in the way .	pos_neg	1682
But those kinds of prices seem to be scaring off buyers .	But those kinds of prices do not seem to be scaring off buyers .	pos_neg	1683
The industry is regulated by the government .	The industry is not regulated by the government .	pos_neg	1684
The situation is so different from what it was before this match .	The situation is not so different from what it was before this match .	pos_neg	1685
But the No2 seed is just thinking about this week 's tournament .	But the No2 seed is not just thinking about this week 's tournament .	pos_neg	1686
Mr Bakir said that economic sanctions were the right move .	Mr Bakir said that economic sanctions were not the right move .	pos_neg	1687
But Lavine said her company is counting on revenue growth from gifts .	But Lavine said her company is not counting on revenue growth from gifts .	pos_neg	1688
It is more revealing to look at what it means .	It is more revealing to look at what it does not mean .	pos_neg	1689
That mattered and it was Zahn who posed the late threat .	That did not matter and it was Zahn who posed the late threat .	pos_neg	1690
We caught a break the whole day .	We did not catch a break the whole day .	pos_neg	1691
There are enough holding cells .	There are not enough holding cells .	pos_neg	1692
The Archdiocese of Washington 's struggle with shrinking enrollment is unique .	The Archdiocese of Washington 's struggle with shrinking enrollment is not unique .	pos_neg	1693
Beneficiaries of the concerts have been announced .	Beneficiaries of the concerts have not been announced .	pos_neg	1694
He seemed too keen to talk about the details .	He did not seem too keen to talk about the details .	pos_neg	1695
The Club for Growth has been shy about trying to defeat Republicans .	The Club for Growth has not been shy about trying to defeat Republicans .	pos_neg	1696
The reporting is required by law .	The reporting is not required by law .	pos_neg	1697
Conservatives have hidden their dissatisfaction with other GOP candidates .	Conservatives have not hidden their dissatisfaction with other GOP candidates .	pos_neg	1698
I think he expects many takers .	I do not think he expects many takers .	pos_neg	1699
McCormack said he was impressed by Lawlor 's letter .	McCormack said he was not impressed by Lawlor 's letter .	pos_neg	1700
Once again , I am exactly feeling tip top .	Once again , I am not exactly feeling tip top .	pos_neg	1701
Sure , he is ahead by a landslide .	Sure , he is not ahead by a landslide .	pos_neg	1702
But our encounter is quite over .	But our encounter is not quite over .	pos_neg	1703
Possibly the magical aspect had been sufficiently emphasized .	Possibly the magical aspect had not been sufficiently emphasized .	pos_neg	1704
But they said Luther was considered a suspect .	But they said Luther was not considered a suspect .	pos_neg	1705
I want to discourage them .	I do not want to discourage them .	pos_neg	1706
In an interview , Mr. Thompson said his priorities had changed .	In an interview , Mr. Thompson said his priorities had not changed .	pos_neg	1707
It is a cheesy album , it is very well put together .	It is not a cheesy album , it is very well put together .	pos_neg	1708
Haq was at home at the time .	Haq was not at home at the time .	pos_neg	1709
Many of the pilots filed flight plans .	Many of the pilots did not file flight plans .	pos_neg	1710
I have cooked a flank steak since .	I have not cooked a flank steak since .	pos_neg	1711
" This is acceptable , " he added .	" This is not acceptable , " he added .	pos_neg	1712
The list included the dangerous industrial chemical .	The list did not include the dangerous industrial chemical .	pos_neg	1713
The Rebirth of the Electric Car They are going to do it .	The Rebirth of the Electric Car They are not going to do it .	pos_neg	1714
It is just former fishermen who are attracted to the profitable sector .	It is not just former fishermen who are attracted to the profitable sector .	pos_neg	1715
Lee We are playing to be 8-1 or 15-1 .	Lee We are not playing to be 8-1 or 15-1 .	pos_neg	1716
Workers struck at plants that were already scheduled to be idled .	Workers did not strike at plants that were already scheduled to be idled .	pos_neg	1717
A call to a representative for Combs was immediately returned .	A call to a representative for Combs was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1718
By JOHN O 'CONNOR Associated Press Writer I take that seriously .	By JOHN O 'CONNOR Associated Press Writer I do not take that seriously .	pos_neg	1719
Gettelfinger said the union wanted to strike .	Gettelfinger said the union did not want to strike .	pos_neg	1720
A : I have seen the Counterfeit Stones .	A : I have not seen the Counterfeit Stones .	pos_neg	1721
I am here representing a family .	I am not here representing a family .	pos_neg	1722
Byrd was the only player desperate for good results .	Byrd was not the only player desperate for good results .	pos_neg	1723
Report From Week 741 It reveals the room rates , though .	Report From Week 741 It does not reveal the room rates , though .	pos_neg	1724
The Associated Press normally identifies people alleging sexual assault .	The Associated Press normally does not identify people alleging sexual assault .	pos_neg	1725
In " Hamlet " such incongruity is the exception but the rule .	In " Hamlet " such incongruity is not the exception but the rule .	pos_neg	1726
It turned out that way .	It did not turn out that way .	pos_neg	1727
Stevie forgot his Motown roots .	Stevie did not forget his Motown roots .	pos_neg	1728
Investigators have determined who is responsible for the attacks .	Investigators have not determined who is responsible for the attacks .	pos_neg	1729
I am supposed to get autographs from the people I cover .	I am not supposed to get autographs from the people I cover .	pos_neg	1730
His injuries are thought to be life-threatening .	His injuries are not thought to be life-threatening .	pos_neg	1731
It affects my job , how I carry myself .	It does not affect my job , how I carry myself .	pos_neg	1732
And the board was informed of the date of that hearing .	And the board was not informed of the date of that hearing .	pos_neg	1733
* ROZEREM is a controlled substance .	* ROZEREM is not a controlled substance .	pos_neg	1734
" Trust me , that is the case , " Brooking said .	" Trust me , that is not the case , " Brooking said .	pos_neg	1735
The four men had to appear before the judge .	The four men did not have to appear before the judge .	pos_neg	1736
As such it is quite so easy to indulge .	As such it is not quite so easy to indulge .	pos_neg	1737
¶ " Suffered fools gladly " : Monstrously foul-tempered .	¶ " Did not suffer fools gladly " : Monstrously foul-tempered .	pos_neg	1738
The world-famous San Diego Zoo was immediately threatened .	The world-famous San Diego Zoo was not immediately threatened .	pos_neg	1739
I violated the constitution .	I did not violate the constitution .	pos_neg	1740
But this is the time for blame .	But this is not the time for blame .	pos_neg	1741
We know that that happened .	We do not know that that happened .	pos_neg	1742
The next morning , Eric went hungry .	The next morning , Eric did not go hungry .	pos_neg	1743
It is that important .	It is not that important .	pos_neg	1744
But it is changing fast enough .	But it is not changing fast enough .	pos_neg	1745
The omens look good for Renault .	The omens do not look good for Renault .	pos_neg	1746
The identity of the brothers has been released .	The identity of the brothers has not been released .	pos_neg	1747
It is perfect .	It is not perfect .	pos_neg	1748
Private space exploration has been without its setbacks however .	Private space exploration has not been without its setbacks however .	pos_neg	1749
So far , police have issued a composite sketch of the suspect .	So far , police have not issued a composite sketch of the suspect .	pos_neg	1750
A call to tribal officials was immediately returned on Saturday .	A call to tribal officials was not immediately returned on Saturday .	pos_neg	1751
But that can be done in a way that emphasizes religion .	But that can be done in a way that does not emphasize religion .	pos_neg	1752
That is a problem most Democrats have with Hillary Clinton .	That is not a problem most Democrats have with Hillary Clinton .	pos_neg	1753
Today 's fledgling Internet storytellers say the same .	Today 's fledgling Internet storytellers need not say the same .	pos_neg	1754
Ahlemann appears to be factor , though .	Ahlemann does not appear to be factor , though .	pos_neg	1755
Medicare officials said some agents had been adequately trained or supervised .	Medicare officials said some agents had not been adequately trained or supervised .	pos_neg	1756
He gets a lot of publicity .	He does not get a lot of publicity .	pos_neg	1757
The partnership with CAM is consolidated in AEGON 's accounts .	The partnership with CAM is not consolidated in AEGON 's accounts .	pos_neg	1758
His injuries are thought to be life threatening .	His injuries are not thought to be life threatening .	pos_neg	1759
The neurologist who delivered the news was optimistic .	The neurologist who delivered the news was not optimistic .	pos_neg	1760
Egypt , Jordan and Saudi Arabia have said whether they will attend .	Egypt , Jordan and Saudi Arabia have not said whether they will attend .	pos_neg	1761
And your automobile has to look like a golf cart .	And your automobile does not have to look like a golf cart .	pos_neg	1762
Independent generation companies have this legal obligation .	Independent generation companies do not have this legal obligation .	pos_neg	1763
Officials said the plane 's emergency locator was activated .	Officials said the plane 's emergency locator was not activated .	pos_neg	1764
We want assets tied up while there is a problem .	We do not want assets tied up while there is a problem .	pos_neg	1765
Complaints of favoritism have only come from the fans .	Complaints of favoritism have not only come from the fans .	pos_neg	1766
Except Benton , who ¬ has smiled once this day .	Except Benton , who ¬ has not smiled once this day .	pos_neg	1767
But pants supplant jeans , merely supplement them .	But pants need not supplant jeans , merely supplement them .	pos_neg	1768
It is an easy time for us and we need John Terry .	It is not an easy time for us and we need John Terry .	pos_neg	1769
The allies have challenged the MDA 's claims .	The allies have not challenged the MDA 's claims .	pos_neg	1770
Like Ben Stevens , Cowdery has been charged .	Like Ben Stevens , Cowdery has not been charged .	pos_neg	1771
This is to say Lopez is without talent .	This is not to say Lopez is without talent .	pos_neg	1772
But police found Brandon Smith and Dominique Green , both 18 .	But police did not find Brandon Smith and Dominique Green , both 18 .	pos_neg	1773
This list of factors is intended to be exhaustive .	This list of factors is not intended to be exhaustive .	pos_neg	1774
We caution that the foregoing list is exhaustive .	We caution that the foregoing list is not exhaustive .	pos_neg	1775
I am a big eater of microwave popcorn .	I am not a big eater of microwave popcorn .	pos_neg	1776
This is a commercial exhibition .	This is not a commercial exhibition .	pos_neg	1777
The company said it was providing 2009 guidance now .	The company said it was not providing 2009 guidance now .	pos_neg	1778
Unfortunately , Edwards 's case is rare .	Unfortunately , Edwards 's case is not rare .	pos_neg	1779
You 're guaranteed to get a chance like this .	You 're not guaranteed to get a chance like this .	pos_neg	1780
She knew the extent of their injuries or their identities .	She did not know the extent of their injuries or their identities .	pos_neg	1781
Carnegie Hall said fund-raising had begun for its renovation .	Carnegie Hall said fund-raising had not begun for its renovation .	pos_neg	1782
They were asked to change their eating habits .	They were not asked to change their eating habits .	pos_neg	1783
The Los Angeles show is the only one raising these questions .	The Los Angeles show is not the only one raising these questions .	pos_neg	1784
The Southern Ocean is a great place .	The Southern Ocean is not a great place .	pos_neg	1785
And she is so happy .	And she is not so happy .	pos_neg	1786
Both agents reported the incident .	Both agents acknowledged not reporting the incident .	pos_neg	1787
For 264 hours , Randy Gardner went to sleep .	For 264 hours , Randy Gardner did not go to sleep .	pos_neg	1788
Help , he said , was on the way .	Help , he said , was not on the way .	pos_neg	1789
Rivera 's agent , Fernando Cuza , returned telephone messages .	Rivera 's agent , Fernando Cuza , did not return telephone messages .	pos_neg	1790
A call to his agent , Donald Yee , was immediately returned .	A call to his agent , Donald Yee , was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1791
The other men have been identified or charged .	The other men have not been identified or charged .	pos_neg	1792
They just told us how .	They just did not tell us how .	pos_neg	1793
It said if there were casualties .	It did not say if there were casualties .	pos_neg	1794
The statement mentioned the PKK .	The statement did not mention the PKK .	pos_neg	1795
" I know what to call this , " she said .	" I do not know what to call this , " she said .	pos_neg	1796
You notice , again , I very carefully use names .	You notice , again , I very carefully do not use names .	pos_neg	1797
There was that personal , warm , friendly service .	There was not that personal , warm , friendly service .	pos_neg	1798
Phone calls and e-mails to the DNC were immediately returned .	Phone calls and e-mails to the DNC were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1799
Beckham 's wife was with him when he travelled back overnight .	Beckham 's wife was not with him when he travelled back overnight .	pos_neg	1800
It is just the words that have been altered .	It is not just the words that have been altered .	pos_neg	1801
We have got to make sure that we are negative .	We have got to make sure that we are not negative .	pos_neg	1802
Please know that you are alone .	Please know that you are not alone .	pos_neg	1803
Bush expected to cross paths with Ahmadinejad in the U.N. building .	Bush did not expect to cross paths with Ahmadinejad in the U.N. building .	pos_neg	1804
" We know what they have planned , " Bryan said .	" We do not know what they have planned , " Bryan said .	pos_neg	1805
It has all gone smoothly , though .	It has not all gone smoothly , though .	pos_neg	1806
It is necessary to dumb things down to appeal to emotions .	It is not necessary to dumb things down to appeal to emotions .	pos_neg	1807
, was immediately returned .	, was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1808
" He is Anthony Munoz , " McNally said .	" He is not Anthony Munoz , " McNally said .	pos_neg	1809
Such polarisation is the norm in Potsdam .	Such polarisation is not the norm in Potsdam .	pos_neg	1810
He is fazed by the declining national real estate market .	He is not fazed by the declining national real estate market .	pos_neg	1811
But those plans have worked out .	But those plans have not worked out .	pos_neg	1812
But loneliness is the only problem facing elderly people in Kashmir .	But loneliness is not the only problem facing elderly people in Kashmir .	pos_neg	1813
Lurie took questions from the press .	Lurie did not take questions from the press .	pos_neg	1814
Terms of the deal were disclosed .	Terms of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	1815
But Scanlan said technology alone is enough .	But Scanlan said technology alone is not enough .	pos_neg	1816
It is the first time that Richards has fought local authority .	It is not the first time that Richards has fought local authority .	pos_neg	1817
A hometown was immediately available .	A hometown was not immediately available .	pos_neg	1818
Sometimes it is and sometimes it is .	Sometimes it is and sometimes it is not .	pos_neg	1819
The crash is believed to be the result of enemy fire .	The crash is not believed to be the result of enemy fire .	pos_neg	1820
Whatever he said helped .	Whatever he said did not help .	pos_neg	1821
Aberdeenshire Council said the actual eating of sweets was banned .	Aberdeenshire Council said the actual eating of sweets was not banned .	pos_neg	1822
" Our kids were just shot , " he added .	" Our kids were not just shot , " he added .	pos_neg	1823
Again , Radiohead probably is hurting for scratch .	Again , Radiohead probably is not hurting for scratch .	pos_neg	1824
God is going to stop killing your soldiers .	God is not going to stop killing your soldiers .	pos_neg	1825
He played spectacularly today , but you see everything he does .	He played spectacularly today , but you do not see everything he does .	pos_neg	1826
" This is a closed society , " he insisted .	" This is not a closed society , " he insisted .	pos_neg	1827
Walker played in Miami 's final two preseason games .	Walker did not play in Miami 's final two preseason games .	pos_neg	1828
Certainly Russia 's foreign policy has been helpful to America .	Certainly Russia 's foreign policy has not been helpful to America .	pos_neg	1829
O.K. , so he is perfect .	O.K. , so he is not perfect .	pos_neg	1830
Such a move is on the 65-year-old 's agenda though .	Such a move is not on the 65-year-old 's agenda though .	pos_neg	1831
Others simply were ready to go that far .	Others simply were not ready to go that far .	pos_neg	1832
In the past , India engaged with military dictatorships .	In the past , India did not engage with military dictatorships .	pos_neg	1833
" That is flying , " he said .	" That is not flying , " he said .	pos_neg	1834
Biondi said a police dashboard camera captured the incident .	Biondi said a police dashboard camera did not capture the incident .	pos_neg	1835
But his brief foray into presidential politics was as successful .	But his brief foray into presidential politics was not as successful .	pos_neg	1836
This ideological inquisition among Republicans is confined to the presidential race .	This ideological inquisition among Republicans is not confined to the presidential race .	pos_neg	1837
Terms of the agreement were disclosed .	Terms of the agreement were not disclosed .	pos_neg	1838
Unfortunately , this is the price received in Alberta .	Unfortunately , this is not the price received in Alberta .	pos_neg	1839
Calls to Orgeron were immediately returned .	Calls to Orgeron were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1840
But it was always thus .	But it was not always thus .	pos_neg	1841
I see computers as a threat to libraries .	I do not see computers as a threat to libraries .	pos_neg	1842
Maybe embracing the 21st century is such a bad thing .	Maybe embracing the 21st century is not such a bad thing .	pos_neg	1843
They want that label .	They do not want that label .	pos_neg	1844
I was satisfied with fifth , but we did okay .	I was not satisfied with fifth , but we did okay .	pos_neg	1845
It was all on paper - it was real .	It was all on paper - it was not real .	pos_neg	1846
" I want to misinform people , " she said .	" I do not want to misinform people , " she said .	pos_neg	1847
Messages left late Thursday with Spears ' attorney were immediately returned .	Messages left late Thursday with Spears ' attorney were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1848
The times , it seems , were so bad after all .	The times , it seems , were not so bad after all .	pos_neg	1849
Port officials said they had been notified of the previously scheduled visit .	Port officials said they had not been notified of the previously scheduled visit .	pos_neg	1850
And you skipped a beat .	And you did not skip a beat .	pos_neg	1851
She only needs to know that you are available .	She only needs to know that you are not available .	pos_neg	1852
How widely the mailing was distributed was announced .	How widely the mailing was distributed was not announced .	pos_neg	1853
But that means we would want to .	But that does not mean we would want to .	pos_neg	1854
They gave the nationality of the other four men .	They did not give the nationality of the other four men .	pos_neg	1855
However , the Sahel is a hotbed of terrorist activity .	However , the Sahel is not a hotbed of terrorist activity .	pos_neg	1856
An after-hours message left with Bentonville , Ark.-based Wal-Mart was immediately returned .	An after-hours message left with Bentonville , Ark.-based Wal-Mart was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	1857
They get all girly and mean .	They do not get all girly and mean .	pos_neg	1858
If he is , his father is telling .	If he is , his father is not telling .	pos_neg	1859
The dead woman has been officially identified .	The dead woman has not been officially identified .	pos_neg	1860
Clearly , some of Somalia 's problems are the government 's fault .	Clearly , some of Somalia 's problems are not the government 's fault .	pos_neg	1861
She wants him prosecuted .	She does not want him prosecuted .	pos_neg	1862
We played very well but they ( did ) .	We did not play very well but they ( did ) .	pos_neg	1863
But it stopped some major states from jumping the gun .	But it did not stop some major states from jumping the gun .	pos_neg	1864
I know this type of thorough cleaning is happening in our school .	I know this type of thorough cleaning is not happening in our school .	pos_neg	1865
But he said he understood what the term meant .	But he said he did not understand what the term meant .	pos_neg	1866
Suddenly , though , viruses were spreading as quickly .	Suddenly , though , viruses were not spreading as quickly .	pos_neg	1867
You have the mind to be a police officer .	You do not have the mind to be a police officer .	pos_neg	1868
But this is what makes the book worth reading .	But this is not what makes the book worth reading .	pos_neg	1869
It is very useful when the light is ideal .	It is very useful when the light is not ideal .	pos_neg	1870
She already says she is making a profit .	She already says she is not making a profit .	pos_neg	1871
His wife was a passenger but was seriously injured .	His wife was a passenger but was not seriously injured .	pos_neg	1872
The 56-year-old McTiernan spoke .	The 56-year-old McTiernan did not speak .	pos_neg	1873
They were openly directed by al-Qaeda but merely inspired by it .	They were not openly directed by al-Qaeda but merely inspired by it .	pos_neg	1874
He insists that he was at the cottage .	He insists that he was not at the cottage .	pos_neg	1875
Office Depot was amused .	Office Depot was not amused .	pos_neg	1876
Those who have opened accounts will be sent reminders .	Those who have not opened accounts will be sent reminders .	pos_neg	1877
He says that 14 people were allowed back last year .	He says that 14 people were not allowed back last year .	pos_neg	1878
But this is just an impossible fantasy of fee-hungry bankers .	But this is not just an impossible fantasy of fee-hungry bankers .	pos_neg	1879
MoveOn is anti-Facebook .	MoveOn is not anti-Facebook .	pos_neg	1880
That is a holier-than-thou .	That is not a holier-than-thou .	pos_neg	1881
The terms were disclosed .	The terms were not disclosed .	pos_neg	1882
Commercial terms of the agreement were disclosed .	Commercial terms of the agreement were not disclosed .	pos_neg	1883
I accept this line of thought .	I do not accept this line of thought .	pos_neg	1884
I never said Carson gets criticized .	I never said Carson does not get criticized .	pos_neg	1885
An attorney for the defunct company returned calls yesterday .	An attorney for the defunct company did not return calls yesterday .	pos_neg	1886
They are watching Lifetime television .	They are not watching Lifetime television .	pos_neg	1887
It was for human beings .	It was not for human beings .	pos_neg	1888
" I was at my best , " she said .	" I was not at my best , " she said .	pos_neg	1889
Manny Delcarmen came on , but the Indians were done .	Manny Delcarmen came on , but the Indians were not done .	pos_neg	1890
But the cheapest route is always the best one .	But the cheapest route is not always the best one .	pos_neg	1891
But they have a clue .	But they do not have a clue .	pos_neg	1892
Of course , this is the same Bristol track .	Of course , this is not the same Bristol track .	pos_neg	1893
" It is cancer , " he said .	" It is not cancer , " he said .	pos_neg	1894
But the election in Chechnya is just about intimidation .	But the election in Chechnya is not just about intimidation .	pos_neg	1895
Two Republicans seeking the party 's presidential nomination minced words .	Two Republicans seeking the party 's presidential nomination did not mince words .	pos_neg	1896
They were receiving fire .	They were not receiving fire .	pos_neg	1897
It was easy .	It was not easy .	pos_neg	1898
Musa says he is racist .	Musa says he is not racist .	pos_neg	1899
They gave a motive for the attacks .	They did not give a motive for the attacks .	pos_neg	1900
This ... it exists .	This ... it does not exist .	pos_neg	1901
EUROPE 's big enough for the fast-growing Carphone Warehouse .	EUROPE 's not big enough for the fast-growing Carphone Warehouse .	pos_neg	1902
" We talk about it , " Torre said .	" We do not talk about it , " Torre said .	pos_neg	1903
You just want to be part of the problem .	You just do not want to be part of the problem .	pos_neg	1904
Greed was only good ; it was fun .	Greed was not only good ; it was fun .	pos_neg	1905
But the two had plans to reconnect at the wedding .	But the two did not have plans to reconnect at the wedding .	pos_neg	1906
A phone message left at his office was immediately returned Thursday .	A phone message left at his office was not immediately returned Thursday .	pos_neg	1907
" " My gut feeling is that he survived the impact .	" " My gut feeling is that he did not survive the impact .	pos_neg	1908
But let 's turn science into an orthodox dogma with unquestioned authority .	But let 's not turn science into an orthodox dogma with unquestioned authority .	pos_neg	1909
When infected , it seems that they die .	When infected , it does not seem that they die .	pos_neg	1910
But some of his constituents are so sure .	But some of his constituents are not so sure .	pos_neg	1911
And O 'Sullivan knows why they are playing so badly .	And O 'Sullivan does not know why they are playing so badly .	pos_neg	1912
I believe God takes people .	I do not believe God takes people .	pos_neg	1913
We got justice .	We did not get justice .	pos_neg	1914
" This was supposed to happen , " Mr. Ritchken said .	" This was not supposed to happen , " Mr. Ritchken said .	pos_neg	1915
But high-calorie treats deserve all the blame .	But high-calorie treats do not deserve all the blame .	pos_neg	1916
She insisted she had been drunk .	She insisted she had not been drunk .	pos_neg	1917
He said he knew what triggered the initial fight .	He said he did not know what triggered the initial fight .	pos_neg	1918
" Opec ' should have greater role' All is lost , however .	" Opec ' should have greater role' All is not lost , however .	pos_neg	1919
But to many , it is .	But to many , it is not .	pos_neg	1920
" She ate meat , " Stahl said .	" She did not eat meat , " Stahl said .	pos_neg	1921
Stockholder participation was mandatory .	Stockholder participation was not mandatory .	pos_neg	1922
I am 20 .	I am not 20 .	pos_neg	1923
Their names were released .	Their names were not released .	pos_neg	1924
Even the most optimistic people dream about quick changes .	Even the most optimistic people do not dream about quick changes .	pos_neg	1925
He is going to lose .	He is not going to lose .	pos_neg	1926
He was prepared to be labeled a lousy neighbor .	He was not prepared to be labeled a lousy neighbor .	pos_neg	1927
They voted for Eisenhower .	They did not vote for Eisenhower .	pos_neg	1928
... Running back Brandon Jacobs suited up .	... Running back Brandon Jacobs did not suit up .	pos_neg	1929
They are the flashy type .	They are not the flashy type .	pos_neg	1930
It appears that this was Tatiana 's first attack on a human .	It appears that this was not Tatiana 's first attack on a human .	pos_neg	1931
One day , investors will realise central bankers are magicians .	One day , investors will realise central bankers are not magicians .	pos_neg	1932
It is permanent damage .	It is not permanent damage .	pos_neg	1933
Tips are included .	Tips are not included .	pos_neg	1934
My putting 's getting better , but it is good enough .	My putting 's getting better , but it is not good enough .	pos_neg	1935
He was seen at Legends Field on Wednesday .	He was not seen at Legends Field on Wednesday .	pos_neg	1936
This is such as case .	This is not such as case .	pos_neg	1937
But take my word for it .	But do not take my word for it .	pos_neg	1938
And I mean that cynically .	And I do not mean that cynically .	pos_neg	1939
Robbo moved though .	Robbo did not move though .	pos_neg	1940
It was immediately known how many patients were escorted out .	It was not immediately known how many patients were escorted out .	pos_neg	1941
This is going to be a simple operation .	This is not going to be a simple operation .	pos_neg	1942
I think they know what they are doing .	I do not think they know what they are doing .	pos_neg	1943
He wasted a second of it .	He did not waste a second of it .	pos_neg	1944
Experts said the affected systems were developed with security in mind .	Experts said the affected systems were not developed with security in mind .	pos_neg	1945
I see how she made it , but she was walking .	I do not see how she made it , but she was walking .	pos_neg	1946
The cause of the explosion was immediately clear .	The cause of the explosion was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	1947
I need to be seen to be making headlines .	I do not need to be seen to be making headlines .	pos_neg	1948
Buffalo 0 1 0 0 _ 1 We envisioned a sweep .	Buffalo 0 1 0 0 _ 1 We did not envision a sweep .	pos_neg	1949
The names of the two suspects have been released .	The names of the two suspects have not been released .	pos_neg	1950
It was immediately clear whether Glover had a lawyer .	It was not immediately clear whether Glover had a lawyer .	pos_neg	1951
Guard Gilbert Arenas ( knee ) played .	Guard Gilbert Arenas ( knee ) did not play .	pos_neg	1952
" We are naïve , " Mr. Blake said .	" We are not naïve , " Mr. Blake said .	pos_neg	1953
No , it was the definitive history of doping in the game .	No , it was not the definitive history of doping in the game .	pos_neg	1954
" " Wide spreading reports regarding Michael Jackson being married are true .	" " Wide spreading reports regarding Michael Jackson being married are not true .	pos_neg	1955
Which is meant to kick a man when he is down .	Which is not meant to kick a man when he is down .	pos_neg	1956
His wife believes he left Iran .	His wife believes he did not leave Iran .	pos_neg	1957
I know what he does .	I do not know what he does .	pos_neg	1958
But right now , he is necessarily a punishing back .	But right now , he is not necessarily a punishing back .	pos_neg	1959
Figuring out the right stuff is easy .	Figuring out the right stuff is not easy .	pos_neg	1960
I am a crybaby , but it is overwhelming .	I am not a crybaby , but it is overwhelming .	pos_neg	1961
Capitol Hill is the only place besieged by birds .	Capitol Hill is not the only place besieged by birds .	pos_neg	1962
I am sure I can wait .	I am not sure I can wait .	pos_neg	1963
He knew the status of the speeding ticket .	He did not know the status of the speeding ticket .	pos_neg	1964
The cost to the taxpayer is acceptable .	The cost to the taxpayer is not acceptable .	pos_neg	1965
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the results were final .	The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the results were not final .	pos_neg	1966
But it was quite a golden age .	But it was not quite a golden age .	pos_neg	1967
Police alleged that Simpson carried a weapon in the incident .	Police did not allege that Simpson carried a weapon in the incident .	pos_neg	1968
As for the past , it is going to change .	As for the past , it is not going to change .	pos_neg	1969
, northwest of Olympia , but arrived .	, northwest of Olympia , but did not arrive .	pos_neg	1970
It is something I have seen on a 14-year-old 's face before .	It is something I have not seen on a 14-year-old 's face before .	pos_neg	1971
( AP ) - Arizona Cardinals had a losing season .	( AP ) - Arizona Cardinals did not have a losing season .	pos_neg	1972
They went to summer camp to learn to canoe .	They did not go to summer camp to learn to canoe .	pos_neg	1973
I remember Willison 's calm , watchful presence beside me .	I do not remember Willison 's calm , watchful presence beside me .	pos_neg	1974
Aberdeen keep pace with dashing Lokomotiv And it was without its successes .	Aberdeen keep pace with dashing Lokomotiv And it was not without its successes .	pos_neg	1975
It is biodegradable .	It is not biodegradable .	pos_neg	1976
That was to be the case .	That was not to be the case .	pos_neg	1977
Public colleges are necessarily more generous than private ones to average students .	Public colleges are not necessarily more generous than private ones to average students .	pos_neg	1978
It helps people concentrate on the play when they are hungry .	It helps people concentrate on the play when they are not hungry .	pos_neg	1979
The Kremlin is alone in blaming Islamic militants for orchestrating the violence .	The Kremlin is not alone in blaming Islamic militants for orchestrating the violence .	pos_neg	1980
It is an original idea but one we can act on .	It is not an original idea but one we can act on .	pos_neg	1981
But I just think there is a chance of that .	But I just do not think there is a chance of that .	pos_neg	1982
Scientists say the ban is justified .	Scientists say the ban is not justified .	pos_neg	1983
But it is Moscow 's wealthy who are angry and frustrated .	But it is not Moscow 's wealthy who are angry and frustrated .	pos_neg	1984
I had the time or stomach for that .	I did not have the time or stomach for that .	pos_neg	1985
But that means that they are fooled .	But that does not mean that they are fooled .	pos_neg	1986
I am sure how I will feel if he is very successful .	I am not sure how I will feel if he is very successful .	pos_neg	1987
It was all tax .	It was not all tax .	pos_neg	1988
He has appeared in public since .	He has not appeared in public since .	pos_neg	1989
Lampson 's campaign returned calls .	Lampson 's campaign did not return calls .	pos_neg	1990
General Pace did that .	General Pace did not do that .	pos_neg	1991
Foreigners are the only ones complaining .	Foreigners are not the only ones complaining .	pos_neg	1992
Despite impressive workouts at the 2004 scouting combine , Peters was drafted .	Despite impressive workouts at the 2004 scouting combine , Peters was not drafted .	pos_neg	1993
Parker is the only one .	Parker is not the only one .	pos_neg	1994
You know what it is doing .	You do not know what it is doing .	pos_neg	1995
I know what I took and what I took .	I know what I took and what I did not take .	pos_neg	1996
Dr. Conway responded to requests for an interview .	Dr. Conway did not respond to requests for an interview .	pos_neg	1997
" I said " tell her to get over it .	" I did not say " tell her to get over it .	pos_neg	1998
From the activists ' perspective , this was terribly satisfying .	From the activists ' perspective , this was not terribly satisfying .	pos_neg	1999
I am a forecaster .	I am not a forecaster .	pos_neg	2000
But he is a typical case .	But he is not a typical case .	pos_neg	2001
" She is stable , " Poston said .	" She is not stable , " Poston said .	pos_neg	2002
It is fear .	It is not fear .	pos_neg	2003
But safety is the only concern with the plans for the bridge .	But safety is not the only concern with the plans for the bridge .	pos_neg	2004
It identified the nationalities of those killed and wounded .	It did not identify the nationalities of those killed and wounded .	pos_neg	2005
Follow this eat-right plan to fortify your immune system McCareins disagreed .	Follow this eat-right plan to fortify your immune system McCareins did not disagree .	pos_neg	2006
It is on the program !	It is not on the program !	pos_neg	2007
Dr. Wingrove returned telephone messages seeking comment .	Dr. Wingrove did not return telephone messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	2008
But Thompson said Gonzales handled the situation very well .	But Thompson said Gonzales did not handle the situation very well .	pos_neg	2009
But it ended up so badly .	But it did not end up so badly .	pos_neg	2010
He also declared he was gay .	He also declared he was not gay .	pos_neg	2011
Riccio mentioned his tape recording , according to the police report .	Riccio did not mention his tape recording , according to the police report .	pos_neg	2012
So far , the dollar 's weakness has been a big deal .	So far , the dollar 's weakness has not been a big deal .	pos_neg	2013
I am always going to be able to do it .	I am not always going to be able to do it .	pos_neg	2014
" It is good , " Coach Dick Jauron said yesterday .	" It is not good , " Coach Dick Jauron said yesterday .	pos_neg	2015
It is over .	It is not over .	pos_neg	2016
" " I know , just boys being boys .	" " I do not know , just boys being boys .	pos_neg	2017
I am exaggerating when I describe their attitude toward Americans as euphoric .	I am not exaggerating when I describe their attitude toward Americans as euphoric .	pos_neg	2018
Girardi is succeeding Merrill .	Girardi is not succeeding Merrill .	pos_neg	2019
He wanted me to be an artist .	He did not want me to be an artist .	pos_neg	2020
We care what happened in the past .	We do not care what happened in the past .	pos_neg	2021
Missile defence is the only issue to be discussed in Moscow .	Missile defence is not the only issue to be discussed in Moscow .	pos_neg	2022
If so , you are alone .	If so , you are not alone .	pos_neg	2023
Her housemates reported her missing when she arrived home that night .	Her housemates reported her missing when she did not arrive home that night .	pos_neg	2024
Mr. Bollinger said he expected a full-fledged faculty uprising .	Mr. Bollinger said he did not expect a full-fledged faculty uprising .	pos_neg	2025
I see a future for me or for other young people .	I do not see a future for me or for other young people .	pos_neg	2026
DEAR RUTS : I think a Jeopardy !	DEAR RUTS : I do not think a Jeopardy !	pos_neg	2027
Yet , the fan vibe feels as negative as usual .	Yet , the fan vibe does not feel as negative as usual .	pos_neg	2028
Hillary Clinton beats them all .	Hillary Clinton does not beat them all .	pos_neg	2029
" I know , " Augustine responded .	" I do not know , " Augustine responded .	pos_neg	2030
I want you being offended by this .	I do not want you being offended by this .	pos_neg	2031
The snow 's building , but our impatience is .	The snow 's not building , but our impatience is .	pos_neg	2032
" " Beyond that , we know .	" " Beyond that , we do not know .	pos_neg	2033
2825 Terra Ceia Bay Boulevard Brooking insists he is worried .	2825 Terra Ceia Bay Boulevard Brooking insists he is not worried .	pos_neg	2034
He saw eye-to-eye with Pardew 's replacement , Alan Curbishley .	He did not see eye-to-eye with Pardew 's replacement , Alan Curbishley .	pos_neg	2035
But I think he is an independent evaluator .	But I do not think he is an independent evaluator .	pos_neg	2036
We approve of constant viewing of sex .	We do not approve of constant viewing of sex .	pos_neg	2037
The London-based firm complained that the all-share offer was nearly generous enough .	The London-based firm complained that the all-share offer was not nearly generous enough .	pos_neg	2038
I see a need for a change .	I do not see a need for a change .	pos_neg	2039
I just wish that dinner were incorporated in the room rate .	I just wish that dinner were not incorporated in the room rate .	pos_neg	2040
Maybe my skin 's right .	Maybe my skin 's not right .	pos_neg	2041
He is sure what to think of that .	He is not sure what to think of that .	pos_neg	2042
It is just public pollsters calling .	It is not just public pollsters calling .	pos_neg	2043
" It is unique to Chad , " he said .	" It is not unique to Chad , " he said .	pos_neg	2044
He had a reason .	He did not have a reason .	pos_neg	2045
The victims ' names were released yesterday .	The victims ' names were not released yesterday .	pos_neg	2046
Of course they are dead .	Of course they are not dead .	pos_neg	2047
Miscommunication and mistrust have helped .	Miscommunication and mistrust have not helped .	pos_neg	2048
But sometimes , you come across the terrorist who is chatty .	But sometimes , you come across the terrorist who is not chatty .	pos_neg	2049
Antena 3 returned a call seeking comment Wednesday .	Antena 3 did not return a call seeking comment Wednesday .	pos_neg	2050
I want to hear it .	I do not want to hear it .	pos_neg	2051
Washington is the only city where neighborhoods have gentrified in recent years .	Washington is not the only city where neighborhoods have gentrified in recent years .	pos_neg	2052
The cause of the nighttime crash was immediately known , it said .	The cause of the nighttime crash was not immediately known , it said .	pos_neg	2053
The vehicles were delivered , however .	The vehicles were not delivered , however .	pos_neg	2054
Luckily , you have to grin and bear it .	Luckily , you do not have to grin and bear it .	pos_neg	2055
A spokesman for Mr. Saul 's campaign returned calls last night .	A spokesman for Mr. Saul 's campaign did not return calls last night .	pos_neg	2056
At one level , I just get it .	At one level , I just do not get it .	pos_neg	2057
The school said the violations involved legal issues .	The school said the violations did not involve legal issues .	pos_neg	2058
It was clear if the call was made .	It was not clear if the call was made .	pos_neg	2059
By Kimberly Nordyke He returned after the second-quarter hit .	By Kimberly Nordyke He did not return after the second-quarter hit .	pos_neg	2060
Popcorn has legs .	Popcorn does not have legs .	pos_neg	2061
Other local authorities feel the same way .	Other local authorities do not feel the same way .	pos_neg	2062
Well , it has to be like that .	Well , it does not have to be like that .	pos_neg	2063
Passing 236 314 So ask me to move .	Passing 236 314 So do not ask me to move .	pos_neg	2064
I had my license .	I did not have my license .	pos_neg	2065
Reality has to be all bad , though .	Reality does not have to be all bad , though .	pos_neg	2066
It is politics .	It is not politics .	pos_neg	2067
Telephone calls to Temasek were answered .	Telephone calls to Temasek were not answered .	pos_neg	2068
But if you miss this Mothership , fret .	But if you miss this Mothership , do not fret .	pos_neg	2069
ITunes , for all its ubiquity , is a big profit center .	ITunes , for all its ubiquity , is not a big profit center .	pos_neg	2070
That is how police work .	That is not how police work .	pos_neg	2071
The French are pushing for a military option .	The French are not pushing for a military option .	pos_neg	2072
I really knew who to vote for .	I really did not know who to vote for .	pos_neg	2073
That is a sustainable model .	That is not a sustainable model .	pos_neg	2074
It was true .	It was not true .	pos_neg	2075
But he says that is all his party has to offer .	But he says that is not all his party has to offer .	pos_neg	2076
Within moments , Andy had a heartbeat .	Within moments , Andy did not have a heartbeat .	pos_neg	2077
Barry and his tribe are just bees .	Barry and his tribe are not just bees .	pos_neg	2078
It is really only about rendition , in my mind .	It is not really only about rendition , in my mind .	pos_neg	2079
The compound that Dr. Rieveschl synthesized was the first antihistamine .	The compound that Dr. Rieveschl synthesized was not the first antihistamine .	pos_neg	2080
They are disappointed that I bark at them .	They are disappointed that I do not bark at them .	pos_neg	2081
This is a foreign minister who is happy at banquets .	This is not a foreign minister who is happy at banquets .	pos_neg	2082
And it is the only major sports franchise accused of espionage .	And it is not the only major sports franchise accused of espionage .	pos_neg	2083
We are commenting .	We are not commenting .	pos_neg	2084
England delay Harmison 's return The treatment worked .	England delay Harmison 's return The treatment did not work .	pos_neg	2085
This means necessarily that it will lead to a charge .	This does not mean necessarily that it will lead to a charge .	pos_neg	2086
The Red Sox have excuses if they win .	The Red Sox have excuses if they do not win .	pos_neg	2087
DuPuy said it was known what time a game Tuesday would begin .	DuPuy said it was not known what time a game Tuesday would begin .	pos_neg	2088
A government attorney returned telephone calls .	A government attorney did not return telephone calls .	pos_neg	2089
You say whether your grandmother has assistance locally .	You do not say whether your grandmother has assistance locally .	pos_neg	2090
I hope we faint .	I hope we do not faint .	pos_neg	2091
, oh i know .	, oh i do not know .	pos_neg	2092
This happened all at once , or without setbacks and struggle .	This did not happen all at once , or without setbacks and struggle .	pos_neg	2093
But Abu Nebras said he trusted them .	But Abu Nebras said he did not trust them .	pos_neg	2094
Shadow Chancellor George Osborne has demanded Mr Darling 's resignation .	Shadow Chancellor George Osborne has not demanded Mr Darling 's resignation .	pos_neg	2095
Police said a post-mortem examination revealed her death was suspicious .	Police said a post-mortem examination revealed her death was not suspicious .	pos_neg	2096
It is like it blindsided us .	It is not like it blindsided us .	pos_neg	2097
All in all , it has been Europe 's finest hour .	All in all , it has not been Europe 's finest hour .	pos_neg	2098
For Republicans , the task was to offend conservatives .	For Republicans , the task was not to offend conservatives .	pos_neg	2099
The Giants were far away from catching the Cowboys .	The Giants were not far away from catching the Cowboys .	pos_neg	2100
... We are lunatics .	... We are not lunatics .	pos_neg	2101
On issues , she is a clone of her husband .	On issues , she is not a clone of her husband .	pos_neg	2102
And it is a one-dimensional drag racer .	And it is not a one-dimensional drag racer .	pos_neg	2103
However , it is just for looks .	However , it is not just for looks .	pos_neg	2104
A message left at Principal Johneita Durant 's office was returned .	A message left at Principal Johneita Durant 's office was not returned .	pos_neg	2105
" I have to count the seconds , " he said .	" I do not have to count the seconds , " he said .	pos_neg	2106
And poor countries normally have the money to make eco-friendly changes .	And poor countries normally do not have the money to make eco-friendly changes .	pos_neg	2107
However , this esteem is reciprocated .	However , this esteem is not reciprocated .	pos_neg	2108
Blackwater is required to report its movements to the military .	Blackwater is not required to report its movements to the military .	pos_neg	2109
After that I remember everything , my head is very confused .	After that I do not remember everything , my head is very confused .	pos_neg	2110
Even I hit home runs every time .	Even I do not hit home runs every time .	pos_neg	2111
The film also shrinks from a graphic portrayal of violence .	The film also does not shrink from a graphic portrayal of violence .	pos_neg	2112
Apparently CSI has infiltrated this movie 's insular world .	Apparently CSI has not infiltrated this movie 's insular world .	pos_neg	2113
A call to the Department of Labor was immediately returned .	A call to the Department of Labor was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	2114
The Mets were rewarded for their act of faith .	The Mets were not rewarded for their act of faith .	pos_neg	2115
What it means : Waterproof .	What it does not mean : Waterproof .	pos_neg	2116
The Fed does have a few things which are available .	The Fed does have a few things which are not available .	pos_neg	2117
As I said , I am a protectionist .	As I said , I am not a protectionist .	pos_neg	2118
The NFLPA is allowed to bargain on their behalf .	The NFLPA is not allowed to bargain on their behalf .	pos_neg	2119
" This is an easy program , " he added .	" This is not an easy program , " he added .	pos_neg	2120
But the ebullience of Shanghai investors for the stock is matched elsewhere .	But the ebullience of Shanghai investors for the stock is not matched elsewhere .	pos_neg	2121
I feel the current situation is stable .	I do not feel the current situation is stable .	pos_neg	2122
Boruchowitz said investigators think Tuck made the tape .	Boruchowitz said investigators do not think Tuck made the tape .	pos_neg	2123
It covers chewing tobacco .	It does not cover chewing tobacco .	pos_neg	2124
, said the president talked about the nationwide address .	, said the president did not talk about the nationwide address .	pos_neg	2125
So write them off .	So do not write them off .	pos_neg	2126
One said he clearly was told , the FEMA official said .	One said he clearly was not told , the FEMA official said .	pos_neg	2127
He thought you were going to tell the tabloids .	He did not think you were going to tell the tabloids .	pos_neg	2128
He was elected .	He was not elected .	pos_neg	2129
21 that it was stopping the study because the vaccine worked .	21 that it was stopping the study because the vaccine did not work .	pos_neg	2130
I understand this .	I do not understand this .	pos_neg	2131
Oh , you have to sit there drooling in the corner .	Oh , you do not have to sit there drooling in the corner .	pos_neg	2132
It is an idle question .	It is not an idle question .	pos_neg	2133
Now I agree that is a one-to-one comparison .	Now I agree that is not a one-to-one comparison .	pos_neg	2134
Don 't get exhausted , get injured .	Don 't get exhausted , do not get injured .	pos_neg	2135
" He was too worried , " Houghton says .	" He was not too worried , " Houghton says .	pos_neg	2136
She said she regretted that decision .	She said she did not regret that decision .	pos_neg	2137
It is going to be like that this year .	It is not going to be like that this year .	pos_neg	2138
" I think videotaping is commonplace , " he said .	" I do not think videotaping is commonplace , " he said .	pos_neg	2139
Nget returned phone calls requesting comment .	Nget did not return phone calls requesting comment .	pos_neg	2140
They want to do business with people who are terrorists .	They do not want to do business with people who are terrorists .	pos_neg	2141
That is being professional .	That is not being professional .	pos_neg	2142
Lemmings are known for their uniqueness .	Lemmings are not known for their uniqueness .	pos_neg	2143
" That is a good sign , " Thomas said .	" That is not a good sign , " Thomas said .	pos_neg	2144
They lobby .	They do not lobby .	pos_neg	2145
" The calendar has changed , " he said .	" The calendar has not changed , " he said .	pos_neg	2146
It was clear how the fires had started .	It was not clear how the fires had started .	pos_neg	2147
id = 1805302007 We have won our division .	id = 1805302007 We have not won our division .	pos_neg	2148
Of those , only Vitter 's seat is up for re-election .	Of those , only Vitter 's seat is not up for re-election .	pos_neg	2149
Then came the persona she had prepared for - BraveKylie .	Then came the persona she had not prepared for - BraveKylie .	pos_neg	2150
He saw Beacon , and it was rocket science .	He saw Beacon , and it was not rocket science .	pos_neg	2151
" People switch search engines overnight , " he said .	" People do not switch search engines overnight , " he said .	pos_neg	2152
" This was a drunken rage , " she said .	" This was not a drunken rage , " she said .	pos_neg	2153
It is a little pressure .	It is not a little pressure .	pos_neg	2154
A cause of death has been released .	A cause of death has not been released .	pos_neg	2155
That is a mild statement .	That is not a mild statement .	pos_neg	2156
Actually , this is so in France .	Actually , this is not so in France .	pos_neg	2157
Unfortunately for Ms. Mirra , Mrs. Clinton danced .	Unfortunately for Ms. Mirra , Mrs. Clinton did not dance .	pos_neg	2158
" " I know how they afford it .	" " I do not know how they afford it .	pos_neg	2159
But even then the pastor 's job was necessarily done .	But even then the pastor 's job was not necessarily done .	pos_neg	2160
Then again , Egyptians say , Gamal Mubarak probably has to .	Then again , Egyptians say , Gamal Mubarak probably does not have to .	pos_neg	2161
The truth is , exclusivity is what it used to be .	The truth is , exclusivity is not what it used to be .	pos_neg	2162
But freshman David Berman said women wear dresses to class .	But freshman David Berman said women do not wear dresses to class .	pos_neg	2163
It said when they were arrested .	It did not say when they were arrested .	pos_neg	2164
Reagan 's defenders protest furiously that he was personally bigoted .	Reagan 's defenders protest furiously that he was not personally bigoted .	pos_neg	2165
They admit that they followed the usual methods of humanitarian aid .	They admit that they did not follow the usual methods of humanitarian aid .	pos_neg	2166
He was charged ; police say they believe it was an accident .	He was not charged ; police say they believe it was an accident .	pos_neg	2167
The chief wildlife warden of Uttarakhand state was available for comment .	The chief wildlife warden of Uttarakhand state was not available for comment .	pos_neg	2168
But O 'Neill said those feelings were universal in their neighborhood .	But O 'Neill said those feelings were not universal in their neighborhood .	pos_neg	2169
I think I had it when I signed .	I do not think I had it when I signed .	pos_neg	2170
Officials say the plane 's emergency locator was activated .	Officials say the plane 's emergency locator was not activated .	pos_neg	2171
I doubt Jeff 's righteous intent .	I do not doubt Jeff 's righteous intent .	pos_neg	2172
" I am going to leave , " McKnight said .	" I am not going to leave , " McKnight said .	pos_neg	2173
I am enough .	I am not enough .	pos_neg	2174
Shaw and Jones have gone to trial .	Shaw and Jones have not gone to trial .	pos_neg	2175
Her attorney , Sorrell Trope , spoke to reporters .	Her attorney , Sorrell Trope , did not speak to reporters .	pos_neg	2176
Simpson entered a plea .	Simpson did not enter a plea .	pos_neg	2177
Though increasingly difficult to thwart , the causes of congestion are mysterious .	Though increasingly difficult to thwart , the causes of congestion are not mysterious .	pos_neg	2178
I think that is what Hizbullah seeks .	I do not think that is what Hizbullah seeks .	pos_neg	2179
To me , it is devastating to see someone fall .	To me , it is not devastating to see someone fall .	pos_neg	2180
They respect us just because we are from the Sadr bloc .	They do not respect us just because we are from the Sadr bloc .	pos_neg	2181
That indicated the party planned to run directly against Musharraf .	That indicated the party did not plan to run directly against Musharraf .	pos_neg	2182
An absolute love and passion for art , that has changed .	An absolute love and passion for art , that has not changed .	pos_neg	2183
Now people are slightly fed up they know these things .	Now people are slightly fed up they do not know these things .	pos_neg	2184
It just is working .	It just is not working .	pos_neg	2185
They are all for me .	They are not all for me .	pos_neg	2186
A : I know .	A : I do not know .	pos_neg	2187
I think they call that a concussion .	I do not think they call that a concussion .	pos_neg	2188
id = 1695302007 Syria commented on that incident .	id = 1695302007 Syria did not comment on that incident .	pos_neg	2189
That costs money , money that Al Gonzales has .	That costs money , money that Al Gonzales does not have .	pos_neg	2190
Rodriguez is the only one who may depart .	Rodriguez is not the only one who may depart .	pos_neg	2191
Parker said how many workers had voted .	Parker did not say how many workers had voted .	pos_neg	2192
A call to a Cerberus spokesman was immediately returned .	A call to a Cerberus spokesman was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	2193
By Larry Celona Alcohol is allowed .	By Larry Celona Alcohol is not allowed .	pos_neg	2194
I knew what else to do .	I did not know what else to do .	pos_neg	2195
It has , however , issued advice on what these should involve .	It has not , however , issued advice on what these should involve .	pos_neg	2196
F13 is the only Latino gang linked to racial killings .	F13 is not the only Latino gang linked to racial killings .	pos_neg	2197
Inter have tastes defeat in the league this season .	Inter have not tastes defeat in the league this season .	pos_neg	2198
It is cheap .	It is not cheap .	pos_neg	2199
Countrywide returned calls seeking an interview with Mozilo .	Countrywide did not return calls seeking an interview with Mozilo .	pos_neg	2200
WKD - Being mean is funny in itself , you know .	WKD - Being mean is not funny in itself , you know .	pos_neg	2201
He is engaging , he attracts people , he is shy .	He is engaging , he attracts people , he is not shy .	pos_neg	2202
" I am opposed to advertising , " Mr. Gong said .	" I am not opposed to advertising , " Mr. Gong said .	pos_neg	2203
A prison sentence is mandatory under current law .	A prison sentence is not mandatory under current law .	pos_neg	2204
But that is a legitimate position .	But that is not a legitimate position .	pos_neg	2205
" These steps are enough , " Rizzo said .	" These steps are not enough , " Rizzo said .	pos_neg	2206
Now , he is so sure .	Now , he is not so sure .	pos_neg	2207
TruTV is reality , its new slogan states .	TruTV is not reality , its new slogan states .	pos_neg	2208
The Kessler Group responded to a call .	The Kessler Group did not respond to a call .	pos_neg	2209
The monks defiantly fought back , endured the pain and died .	The monks defiantly did not fight back , endured the pain and died .	pos_neg	2210
He was seen again .	He was not seen again .	pos_neg	2211
Sorenstam is competing this weekend .	Sorenstam is not competing this weekend .	pos_neg	2212
I expect him to make a decision for quite some time .	I do not expect him to make a decision for quite some time .	pos_neg	2213
She said she is interested in beer parties .	She said she is not interested in beer parties .	pos_neg	2214
Food is the only thing that can be purchased in bulk .	Food is not the only thing that can be purchased in bulk .	pos_neg	2215
Sure , this is a double-murder trial .	Sure , this is not a double-murder trial .	pos_neg	2216
Unfortunately , this is always reciprocated .	Unfortunately , this is not always reciprocated .	pos_neg	2217
I am clear on federal law , but it may apply here .	I am not clear on federal law , but it may apply here .	pos_neg	2218
But that difference is given a lot of distinction here .	But that difference is not given a lot of distinction here .	pos_neg	2219
We want spies here .	We do not want spies here .	pos_neg	2220
Plus , it reduces the cost of retiree health care .	Plus , it does not reduce the cost of retiree health care .	pos_neg	2221
People were built to have relationships that last for 50 years .	People were not built to have relationships that last for 50 years .	pos_neg	2222
There are many boundaries to what he will do .	There are not many boundaries to what he will do .	pos_neg	2223
No , no , it is .	No , no , it is not .	pos_neg	2224
Eh , hold your breath .	Eh , do not hold your breath .	pos_neg	2225
Obama 's spokesman Bill Burton let that notion rest .	Obama 's spokesman Bill Burton did not let that notion rest .	pos_neg	2226
Clinton is a sponsor .	Clinton is not a sponsor .	pos_neg	2227
To some who heard Thursday 's ruling , it simply was enough .	To some who heard Thursday 's ruling , it simply was not enough .	pos_neg	2228
Ben Bernanke urges a trade imbalance fix He was .	Ben Bernanke urges a trade imbalance fix He was not .	pos_neg	2229
Actually , that is altogether true .	Actually , that is not altogether true .	pos_neg	2230
We pass it over and move on .	We do not pass it over and move on .	pos_neg	2231
There are plenty of sports books that break confidences .	There are plenty of sports books that do not break confidences .	pos_neg	2232
" " You 're as stress-driven .	" " You 're not as stress-driven .	pos_neg	2233
" It is a castle as such , " he says modestly .	" It is not a castle as such , " he says modestly .	pos_neg	2234
" It is a decision we made lightly , " Bentley said .	" It is not a decision we made lightly , " Bentley said .	pos_neg	2235
" I live here , " he said .	" I do not live here , " he said .	pos_neg	2236
The amount of the settlement was announced .	The amount of the settlement was not announced .	pos_neg	2237
Winters spoke with reporters after Sunday 's game .	Winters did not speak with reporters after Sunday 's game .	pos_neg	2238
He said when that would be filed .	He did not say when that would be filed .	pos_neg	2239
MY : I think I can make it .	MY : I do not think I can make it .	pos_neg	2240
It was immediately clear what demands the militants were making .	It was not immediately clear what demands the militants were making .	pos_neg	2241
Price said that was necessarily contradictory with the Bush approach .	Price said that was not necessarily contradictory with the Bush approach .	pos_neg	2242
It is only Mr Sarkozy who is on trial .	It is not only Mr Sarkozy who is on trial .	pos_neg	2243
Mr. Rousso returned a call requesting comment for this article .	Mr. Rousso did not return a call requesting comment for this article .	pos_neg	2244
It was immediately clear if the officers returned fire .	It was not immediately clear if the officers returned fire .	pos_neg	2245
I mind .	I do not mind .	pos_neg	2246
They want to sound unpatriotic .	They do not want to sound unpatriotic .	pos_neg	2247
There is been a peep about it in the debates .	There is been not a peep about it in the debates .	pos_neg	2248
Interpreter tells us we will be shot if we talk .	Interpreter tells us we will be shot if we do not talk .	pos_neg	2249
This is a decision that will be taken lightly .	This is not a decision that will be taken lightly .	pos_neg	2250
" " I have to buy a mask .	" " I do not have to buy a mask .	pos_neg	2251
I am going to ask why and try to figure it out .	I am not going to ask why and try to figure it out .	pos_neg	2252
And please claim you are a Special case .	And please do not claim you are a Special case .	pos_neg	2253
He threw a touchdown pass in Virginia 's final five games .	He did not throw a touchdown pass in Virginia 's final five games .	pos_neg	2254
Time is the tattoo 's friend .	Time is not the tattoo 's friend .	pos_neg	2255
Foot and mouth has surfaced in Cyprus since 1963 .	Foot and mouth has not surfaced in Cyprus since 1963 .	pos_neg	2256
Mr. Kidd 's next few musicals fared as well .	Mr. Kidd 's next few musicals did not fare as well .	pos_neg	2257
Hitler was a good person gone bad .	Hitler was not a good person gone bad .	pos_neg	2258
This means your child needs braces in the meantime .	This does not mean your child needs braces in the meantime .	pos_neg	2259
They were far from her neighborhood .	They were not far from her neighborhood .	pos_neg	2260
However , he thought closing down the sport was the answer .	However , he did not think closing down the sport was the answer .	pos_neg	2261
But member nations have agreed .	But member nations have not agreed .	pos_neg	2262
You see that too often .	You do not see that too often .	pos_neg	2263
We believe in a cruel and capricious God .	We do not believe in a cruel and capricious God .	pos_neg	2264
They like extreme .	They do not like extreme .	pos_neg	2265
Whatever they learned , they forgot that Imus makes money .	Whatever they learned , they did not forget that Imus makes money .	pos_neg	2266
It worked , so they tasered me .	It did not work , so they tasered me .	pos_neg	2267
They are so good in Europe .	They are not so good in Europe .	pos_neg	2268
The paper identifies which Royal is the alleged victim this time .	The paper does not identify which Royal is the alleged victim this time .	pos_neg	2269
" I touch carbohydrates , " the other cartoon figure responds .	" I do not touch carbohydrates , " the other cartoon figure responds .	pos_neg	2270
She had names or charges .	She did not have names or charges .	pos_neg	2271
We know that is always going to be the case .	We know that is not always going to be the case .	pos_neg	2272
When you do get hungry , raid the hotel 's minifridge .	When you do get hungry , do not raid the hotel 's minifridge .	pos_neg	2273
And they most certainly are cheap .	And they most certainly are not cheap .	pos_neg	2274
There is a single one who stands out right now .	There is not a single one who stands out right now .	pos_neg	2275
" This is just a family cat , " Ormond said .	" This is not just a family cat , " Ormond said .	pos_neg	2276
Icahn returned a phone message Monday .	Icahn did not return a phone message Monday .	pos_neg	2277
Taiwan is afraid of a middle-sized or small-scale face-off .	Taiwan is not afraid of a middle-sized or small-scale face-off .	pos_neg	2278
... The newspaper mentioned the sanctions .	... The newspaper did not mention the sanctions .	pos_neg	2279
I care what people think about our hard work .	I do not care what people think about our hard work .	pos_neg	2280
" You understand , " he said .	" You do not understand , " he said .	pos_neg	2281
It is that I miss the violence .	It is not that I miss the violence .	pos_neg	2282
Two , because I face the same kind of jeopardy .	Two , because I do not face the same kind of jeopardy .	pos_neg	2283
But often , people just want them .	But often , people just do not want them .	pos_neg	2284
Faulkner said he is surprised .	Faulkner said he is not surprised .	pos_neg	2285
Household income is a factor .	Household income is not a factor .	pos_neg	2286
I am working for the lad , honest .	I am not working for the lad , honest .	pos_neg	2287
International pressures affect these devils .	International pressures do not affect these devils .	pos_neg	2288
If we win , we go home .	If we do not win , we go home .	pos_neg	2289
I think it would have been good .	I do not think it would have been good .	pos_neg	2290
The spots seem to be helping sales .	The spots do not seem to be helping sales .	pos_neg	2291
America 's going to stop as a result of this .	America 's not going to stop as a result of this .	pos_neg	2292
This theory impressed the man from the Yard .	This theory did not impress the man from the Yard .	pos_neg	2293
I am dictated to by passing fashion trends .	I am not dictated to by passing fashion trends .	pos_neg	2294
Prison breaks are unknown in Belgium .	Prison breaks are not unknown in Belgium .	pos_neg	2295
NEW YORK - Maybe Serena Williams was as healthy as she said .	NEW YORK - Maybe Serena Williams was not as healthy as she said .	pos_neg	2296
Secondly , we have tested significant storage of CO2 .	Secondly , we have not tested significant storage of CO2 .	pos_neg	2297
And it is just Mr. Rhoden .	And it is not just Mr. Rhoden .	pos_neg	2298
I really want to do that .	I really do not want to do that .	pos_neg	2299
" Astronauts are superhuman , " he told the magazine .	" Astronauts are not superhuman , " he told the magazine .	pos_neg	2300
The strategy helps record companies .	The strategy does not help record companies .	pos_neg	2301
That was the case a few years ago .	That was not the case a few years ago .	pos_neg	2302
A spokesman for Merrill Lynch was immediately available for comment .	A spokesman for Merrill Lynch was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	2303
" She is easily fooled , " he said .	" She is not easily fooled , " he said .	pos_neg	2304
But , that is all .	But , that is not all .	pos_neg	2305
It has been clear whether this is true of teenagers , however .	It has not been clear whether this is true of teenagers , however .	pos_neg	2306
I have to own the decision if I was drunk .	I do not have to own the decision if I was drunk .	pos_neg	2307
A new date has been set .	A new date has not been set .	pos_neg	2308
Tastes good , eat it .	Tastes good , do not eat it .	pos_neg	2309
I am a morning person .	I am not a morning person .	pos_neg	2310
I believe people understand there is a crisis in urban schools .	I do not believe people understand there is a crisis in urban schools .	pos_neg	2311
But we were winning , so it was that big a deal .	But we were winning , so it was not that big a deal .	pos_neg	2312
Riordan also said he was chief counsel .	Riordan also said he was not chief counsel .	pos_neg	2313
But he is looking back .	But he is not looking back .	pos_neg	2314
Mr. Brostrom said the protesters ' freedom of speech had been curtailed .	Mr. Brostrom said the protesters ' freedom of speech had not been curtailed .	pos_neg	2315
Right Field Ratatosk was available for interviews last evening .	Right Field Ratatosk was not available for interviews last evening .	pos_neg	2316
" It is too late , " read the statement .	" It is not too late , " read the statement .	pos_neg	2317
John Wayne abandoned the fort when it was under attack .	John Wayne did not abandon the fort when it was under attack .	pos_neg	2318
With extra rest , Wang 's sinker sank in Cleveland .	With extra rest , Wang 's sinker did not sink in Cleveland .	pos_neg	2319
He got an inch .	He did not get an inch .	pos_neg	2320
Indeed , these are your granny 's wishy-washy daubs .	Indeed , these are not your granny 's wishy-washy daubs .	pos_neg	2321
It is my place to pass judgment .	It is not my place to pass judgment .	pos_neg	2322
We need to start over again .	We do not need to start over again .	pos_neg	2323
He left a flight plan .	He did not leave a flight plan .	pos_neg	2324
The attendance figures are accurate , but Rodriguez achieved them himself .	The attendance figures are accurate , but Rodriguez did not achieve them himself .	pos_neg	2325
A phone message left with the company Thursday was immediately returned .	A phone message left with the company Thursday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	2326
Whoa , it was really pertussis !	Whoa , it was not really pertussis !	pos_neg	2327
In D.C. , that issue has been resolved .	In D.C. , that issue has not been resolved .	pos_neg	2328
Oversleep .	Do not oversleep .	pos_neg	2329
So the common sense is to get too far ahead of yourself .	So the common sense is not to get too far ahead of yourself .	pos_neg	2330
I was always so comfortable in my own genome .	I was not always so comfortable in my own genome .	pos_neg	2331
" I want to hurt his marriage , " Lane said .	" I do not want to hurt his marriage , " Lane said .	pos_neg	2332
They have to be followed with a poop scoop .	They do not have to be followed with a poop scoop .	pos_neg	2333
China is a superpower .	China is not a superpower .	pos_neg	2334
Mr Brown neglected these areas .	Mr Brown did not neglect these areas .	pos_neg	2335
The ruling absolves the soldiers from guilt .	The ruling does not absolve the soldiers from guilt .	pos_neg	2336
Thompson has more limited resources but has ignored this crop of states .	Thompson has more limited resources but has not ignored this crop of states .	pos_neg	2337
The hug made the spanking stop hurting .	The hug did not make the spanking stop hurting .	pos_neg	2338
He struck out five and walked a batter .	He struck out five and did not walk a batter .	pos_neg	2339
" And it is my fault , " he groans .	" And it is not my fault , " he groans .	pos_neg	2340
You should understand that these statements are guarantees of performance or results .	You should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results .	pos_neg	2341
" No you are , Mr. President , " Ms. Pelosi interjected .	" No you are not , Mr. President , " Ms. Pelosi interjected .	pos_neg	2342
Sharp has a schedule for commercializing the display .	Sharp does not have a schedule for commercializing the display .	pos_neg	2343
They are daft .	They are not daft .	pos_neg	2344
They have houses or temples .	They do not have houses or temples .	pos_neg	2345
You forget that .	You do not forget that .	pos_neg	2346
YOU need to win the Turner Prize to cause controversy .	YOU do not need to win the Turner Prize to cause controversy .	pos_neg	2347
The union 's track record is perfect , however .	The union 's track record is not perfect , however .	pos_neg	2348
He is an intimate of the president .	He is not an intimate of the president .	pos_neg	2349
They were virtuosos .	They were not virtuosos .	pos_neg	2350
It is what I like .	It is not what I like .	pos_neg	2351
And they 'll probably want things they need .	And they 'll probably want things they do not need .	pos_neg	2352
Hughes clearly had had a clue what Larkin thought of him .	Hughes clearly had not had a clue what Larkin thought of him .	pos_neg	2353
She has demanded compensation from the hospital but has received it .	She has demanded compensation from the hospital but has not received it .	pos_neg	2354
It was like a 15- or 16- strikeout game .	It was not like a 15- or 16- strikeout game .	pos_neg	2355
I get too emotional .	I do not get too emotional .	pos_neg	2356
Israel announced a date for cutoff of services .	Israel did not announce a date for cutoff of services .	pos_neg	2357
Adjusted EBITDA has a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP .	Adjusted EBITDA does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP .	pos_neg	2358
In rural areas , the economics just pay out .	In rural areas , the economics just do not pay out .	pos_neg	2359
3 D Pass 4 H Pass But he had .	3 D Pass 4 H Pass But he had not .	pos_neg	2360
After careful inspection , Dr Manning is convinced .	After careful inspection , Dr Manning is not convinced .	pos_neg	2361
They are skeptics .	They are not skeptics .	pos_neg	2362
She was breathing .	She was not breathing .	pos_neg	2363
Russia voted .	Russia did not vote .	pos_neg	2364
" " The board is playing poker .	" " The board is not playing poker .	pos_neg	2365
The buyers were identified .	The buyers were not identified .	pos_neg	2366
" You need that bagel , " Gravel says .	" You do not need that bagel , " Gravel says .	pos_neg	2367
They named the company involved .	They did not name the company involved .	pos_neg	2368
Some knew if they 'd live to see it end .	Some did not know if they 'd live to see it end .	pos_neg	2369
But opinion polls have always proved a reliable guide .	But opinion polls have not always proved a reliable guide .	pos_neg	2370
He addressed Mr. Gore 's personal food choices .	He did not address Mr. Gore 's personal food choices .	pos_neg	2371
It is the first time the actress and the photographer have clashed .	It is not the first time the actress and the photographer have clashed .	pos_neg	2372
Maybe because we are a little bit tired , I know .	Maybe because we are a little bit tired , I do not know .	pos_neg	2373
" They feel like they are welcome here , " Garcia said .	" They feel like they are not welcome here , " Garcia said .	pos_neg	2374
Partly because we bargain with providers for a universal price .	Partly because we do not bargain with providers for a universal price .	pos_neg	2375
That sentence computes .	That sentence does not compute .	pos_neg	2376
I was lying to myself -- that is why I did it .	I was not lying to myself -- that is why I did it .	pos_neg	2377
She told people that she felt safe or comfortable .	She told people that she did not feel safe or comfortable .	pos_neg	2378
" These people are legislators , " Suh said .	" These people are not legislators , " Suh said .	pos_neg	2379
But I remember what I was comparing .	But I do not remember what I was comparing .	pos_neg	2380
Wait , that sounded right .	Wait , that did not sound right .	pos_neg	2381
Fire Department officials responded to requests for comments about the group .	Fire Department officials did not respond to requests for comments about the group .	pos_neg	2382
He minded the rush .	He did not mind the rush .	pos_neg	2383
" Ged " was a name contrived as a cartoonist 's signature .	" Ged " was not a name contrived as a cartoonist 's signature .	pos_neg	2384
We are , in my view , rushing to war .	We are not , in my view , rushing to war .	pos_neg	2385
[ Bouwmeester was proposing uncertainty ; he was suggesting a conspiracy .	[ Bouwmeester was not proposing uncertainty ; he was suggesting a conspiracy .	pos_neg	2386
It is out there in left field .	It is not out there in left field .	pos_neg	2387
But the department admitted it had proofread the tests .	But the department admitted it had not proofread the tests .	pos_neg	2388
It was all negative .	It was not all negative .	pos_neg	2389
The two countries have an extradition agreement .	The two countries do not have an extradition agreement .	pos_neg	2390
This is always easy .	This is not always easy .	pos_neg	2391
He said he had seen the Jones report .	He said he had not seen the Jones report .	pos_neg	2392
" You 're supposed to see that , " she said .	" You 're not supposed to see that , " she said .	pos_neg	2393
But It is like it is the end of the world .	But It is not like it is the end of the world .	pos_neg	2394
" We have all the answers , " said Mr. Ellis .	" We do not have all the answers , " said Mr. Ellis .	pos_neg	2395
He had a previous criminal record , he said .	He did not have a previous criminal record , he said .	pos_neg	2396
Kennedy is an overpowering pitcher like his fellow rookie Joba Chamberlain .	Kennedy is not an overpowering pitcher like his fellow rookie Joba Chamberlain .	pos_neg	2397
But that is only Hollywood 's fault .	But that is not only Hollywood 's fault .	pos_neg	2398
It decreases .	It does not decrease .	pos_neg	2399
They trailed again .	They did not trail again .	pos_neg	2400
We saw that during the debate .	We did not see that during the debate .	pos_neg	2401
Now , it seems that people give a crap .	Now , it seems that people do not give a crap .	pos_neg	2402
Alliance Default Services returned calls .	Alliance Default Services did not return calls .	pos_neg	2403
It means I am a terrorist .	It does not mean I am a terrorist .	pos_neg	2404
A. I have to .	A. I do not have to .	pos_neg	2405
It is just up to us , though .	It is not just up to us , though .	pos_neg	2406
I think that it was a referendum on me .	I do not think that it was a referendum on me .	pos_neg	2407
Flew 's second thoughts stopped at Schroeder .	Flew 's second thoughts did not stop at Schroeder .	pos_neg	2408
Maybe when I was in it , I realized it .	Maybe when I was in it , I did not realize it .	pos_neg	2409
This is a high-stress week for me .	This is not a high-stress week for me .	pos_neg	2410
The administration said it agreed that Iraq had reached the objectives .	The administration said it agreed that Iraq had not reached the objectives .	pos_neg	2411
People want to hear it .	People do not want to hear it .	pos_neg	2412
I have been part of that circle .	I have not been part of that circle .	pos_neg	2413
They have beaten the Sharks at home since Dec. 18 , 2003 .	They have not beaten the Sharks at home since Dec. 18 , 2003 .	pos_neg	2414
But the NPA has ruled out the possibility of charging him again .	But the NPA has not ruled out the possibility of charging him again .	pos_neg	2415
It stands out as an effort that he made .	It does not stand out as an effort that he made .	pos_neg	2416
So I am going to try and elaborate on his positions .	So I am not going to try and elaborate on his positions .	pos_neg	2417
The dummy , or human simulator , has a name .	The dummy , or human simulator , does not have a name .	pos_neg	2418
Wells proposed for private or state lands were considered .	Wells proposed for private or state lands were not considered .	pos_neg	2419
This is just a stopping point and we are satisfied .	This is just a stopping point and we are not satisfied .	pos_neg	2420
By comparison , 56 percent say it was worth it .	By comparison , 56 percent say it was not worth it .	pos_neg	2421
So , it is exactly like the Teamsters .	So , it is not exactly like the Teamsters .	pos_neg	2422
It is just me .	It is not just me .	pos_neg	2423
Of course , Posada 's tailor-made double-play ball was good news .	Of course , Posada 's tailor-made double-play ball was not good news .	pos_neg	2424
Emergency official Ramon Tercero had details on the other deaths .	Emergency official Ramon Tercero did not have details on the other deaths .	pos_neg	2425
And he is the only one .	And he is not the only one .	pos_neg	2426
" She is talking , " a police source told the Post .	" She is not talking , " a police source told the Post .	pos_neg	2427
And it is difficult to understand why .	And it is not difficult to understand why .	pos_neg	2428
But the law enforcement community is monolithic .	But the law enforcement community is not monolithic .	pos_neg	2429
Mothershed Wair says the threats were real , but intimidated her .	Mothershed Wair says the threats were real , but did not intimidate her .	pos_neg	2430
We are going to stay behind if we were asked to leave .	We are not going to stay behind if we were asked to leave .	pos_neg	2431
This would be funnier , if it felt so tragic .	This would be funnier , if it did not feel so tragic .	pos_neg	2432
Please hurt me .	Please do not hurt me .	pos_neg	2433
Even a turnover in administrations guarantees reform .	Even a turnover in administrations does not guarantee reform .	pos_neg	2434
However , further industrial action has been ruled out .	However , further industrial action has not been ruled out .	pos_neg	2435
The men were wearing life jackets , the Coast Guard said .	The men were not wearing life jackets , the Coast Guard said .	pos_neg	2436
" It was my day , " Djokovic said .	" It was not my day , " Djokovic said .	pos_neg	2437
And they are doing it for fun .	And they are not doing it for fun .	pos_neg	2438
It is like we robbed a bank .	It is not like we robbed a bank .	pos_neg	2439
Williams returned a call seeking comment .	Williams did not return a call seeking comment .	pos_neg	2440
When she was working as a waitress , they binged on cocaine .	When she was not working as a waitress , they binged on cocaine .	pos_neg	2441
The military said he was killed or captured .	The military said he was not killed or captured .	pos_neg	2442
Many fans may then feel that SFA loyalty is worth supporting .	Many fans may then feel that SFA loyalty is not worth supporting .	pos_neg	2443
You need to graph it out .	You do not need to graph it out .	pos_neg	2444
None of that means the troop buildup has achieved some success .	None of that means the troop buildup has not achieved some success .	pos_neg	2445
Celis is licensed to practice law in the United States .	Celis is not licensed to practice law in the United States .	pos_neg	2446
It is just something you forget .	It is just something you do not forget .	pos_neg	2447
You 're going to make friends that way .	You 're not going to make friends that way .	pos_neg	2448
You want to know about my bathroom floor .	You do not want to know about my bathroom floor .	pos_neg	2449
The cause of Ms Bisset 's death has been revealed .	The cause of Ms Bisset 's death has not been revealed .	pos_neg	2450
That is this case .	That is not this case .	pos_neg	2451
The luxury resort relies on tourism and is associated with violence .	The luxury resort relies on tourism and is not associated with violence .	pos_neg	2452
The company returned calls for comment .	The company did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	2453
I thought I could cope .	I did not think I could cope .	pos_neg	2454
But residents have given up hope .	But residents have not given up hope .	pos_neg	2455
They want people renting to immigrants .	They do not want people renting to immigrants .	pos_neg	2456
But other than that , the aircraft are likely to change .	But other than that , the aircraft are not likely to change .	pos_neg	2457
I have pain really .	I do not have pain really .	pos_neg	2458
They are pigeonholed as speaking only to the age-30-to-50 world-music crowd .	They are not pigeonholed as speaking only to the age-30-to-50 world-music crowd .	pos_neg	2459
But that was the real reason Seraglio had so many heads reeling .	But that was not the real reason Seraglio had so many heads reeling .	pos_neg	2460
My ultimate goal is to stand there with three championships rings .	My ultimate goal is not to stand there with three championships rings .	pos_neg	2461
Constructing affordable housing , however , is easy .	Constructing affordable housing , however , is not easy .	pos_neg	2462
" It is a short-term solution , " Reames says .	" It is not a short-term solution , " Reames says .	pos_neg	2463
A third mouse manufacturer , Kensington , offers free replacements .	A third mouse manufacturer , Kensington , does not offer free replacements .	pos_neg	2464
She was trying to do the right thing .	She was not trying to do the right thing .	pos_neg	2465
Anyone who knows where he went is saying .	Anyone who knows where he went is not saying .	pos_neg	2466
, were answered .	, were not answered .	pos_neg	2467
id = 1687792007 I knew where to go .	id = 1687792007 I did not know where to go .	pos_neg	2468
" I see myself as a bully , " he says .	" I do not see myself as a bully , " he says .	pos_neg	2469
Nevertheless , Rockville Town Center is immune to the risks of timing .	Nevertheless , Rockville Town Center is not immune to the risks of timing .	pos_neg	2470
NEW YORK -- Two is always more than one .	NEW YORK -- Two is not always more than one .	pos_neg	2471
But it was long before Richardson had little to smile about .	But it was not long before Richardson had little to smile about .	pos_neg	2472
Johnson wants his players to dwell on the past .	Johnson does not want his players to dwell on the past .	pos_neg	2473
" It is Disneyland , " Outterson says .	" It is not Disneyland , " Outterson says .	pos_neg	2474
Country profile : United Arab Emirates They were strangers to me .	Country profile : United Arab Emirates They were not strangers to me .	pos_neg	2475
She was .	She was not .	pos_neg	2476
Upton Raises Ire As Rockies Beat D 'backs She is alone .	Upton Raises Ire As Rockies Beat D 'backs She is not alone .	pos_neg	2477
The model hedge fund is a means to outperform the market .	The model hedge fund is not a means to outperform the market .	pos_neg	2478
Others were injured , but the statement said how many .	Others were injured , but the statement did not say how many .	pos_neg	2479
If it survives , it is clear how it can pass laws .	If it survives , it is not clear how it can pass laws .	pos_neg	2480
The junta has commented on allegations of abuse .	The junta has not commented on allegations of abuse .	pos_neg	2481
He also said the crimes were the result of mental illness .	He also said the crimes were not the result of mental illness .	pos_neg	2482
Sale fares are valid for travel on Fridays and Sundays .	Sale fares are not valid for travel on Fridays and Sundays .	pos_neg	2483
Outs Ali seemed convinced .	Outs Ali did not seem convinced .	pos_neg	2484
China sold weapons to " non-state " entities , she said .	China did not sell weapons to " non-state " entities , she said .	pos_neg	2485
Representatives for Mattingly and Girardi returned phone calls or e-mails .	Representatives for Mattingly and Girardi did not return phone calls or e-mails .	pos_neg	2486
This is like a forever thing .	This is not like a forever thing .	pos_neg	2487
Bones grow brittle if they are made to bear weight .	Bones grow brittle if they are not made to bear weight .	pos_neg	2488
For one thing , they are all the same dimensions .	For one thing , they are not all the same dimensions .	pos_neg	2489
It provides a path to permanent residency .	It does not provide a path to permanent residency .	pos_neg	2490
I have heard from them on that .	I have not heard from them on that .	pos_neg	2491
I came to Jamaica to swim in murky water .	I did not come to Jamaica to swim in murky water .	pos_neg	2492
I believe Mr. Obama is a closet privatizer .	I do not believe Mr. Obama is a closet privatizer .	pos_neg	2493
We really know .	We really do not know .	pos_neg	2494
He saw it coming .	He did not see it coming .	pos_neg	2495
that simply exist today .	that simply do not exist today .	pos_neg	2496
Walker knows if he will still get credit for AP English .	Walker does not know if he will still get credit for AP English .	pos_neg	2497
Diners insisted on intricate dishes .	Diners did not insist on intricate dishes .	pos_neg	2498
LC : I do those things .	LC : I do not do those things .	pos_neg	2499
She is trying her hardest on every point .	She is not trying her hardest on every point .	pos_neg	2500
These nine were the first to integrate schools .	These nine were not the first to integrate schools .	pos_neg	2501
1 Warn them to never accept pictures from people they know .	1 Warn them to never accept pictures from people they do not know .	pos_neg	2502
These days , I think I would give myself the time .	These days , I do not think I would give myself the time .	pos_neg	2503
Details were released about the rest of Spacey 's itinerary .	Details were not released about the rest of Spacey 's itinerary .	pos_neg	2504
Comp-Att-Int 17-23-1 23-37-2 Some of his fellow diners were so sure .	Comp-Att-Int 17-23-1 23-37-2 Some of his fellow diners were not so sure .	pos_neg	2505
We are criminals .	We are not criminals .	pos_neg	2506
District Attorney Bruce Castor said officials think others were involved .	District Attorney Bruce Castor said officials do not think others were involved .	pos_neg	2507
China is alone in thinking that the fund is a biased umpire .	China is not alone in thinking that the fund is a biased umpire .	pos_neg	2508
That means that the play 's uncomfortable universality goes away .	That does not mean that the play 's uncomfortable universality goes away .	pos_neg	2509
Joba Chamberlain disappointed .	Joba Chamberlain did not disappoint .	pos_neg	2510
The " thing " is a fish or alligator .	The " thing " is not a fish or alligator .	pos_neg	2511
Fossett had filed a flight plan .	Fossett had not filed a flight plan .	pos_neg	2512
Of course , it is perfect .	Of course , it is not perfect .	pos_neg	2513
It is her style , she says .	It is not her style , she says .	pos_neg	2514
Other efforts to communicate with its organizers through third parties were successful .	Other efforts to communicate with its organizers through third parties were not successful .	pos_neg	2515
Leeds University That overhaul so far has taken place .	Leeds University That overhaul so far has not taken place .	pos_neg	2516
Clearly , though , that is his aim .	Clearly , though , that is not his aim .	pos_neg	2517
It is good enough by the players .	It is not good enough by the players .	pos_neg	2518
Doris Salcedo 's new installation is about family entertainment .	Doris Salcedo 's new installation is not about family entertainment .	pos_neg	2519
Murder is funny .	Murder is not funny .	pos_neg	2520
Suu Kyi 's own party was as optimistic .	Suu Kyi 's own party was not as optimistic .	pos_neg	2521
I had said she did , just that the mirror was there .	I had not said she did , just that the mirror was there .	pos_neg	2522
It is understood that the sudden departure is related to salary negotiations .	It is understood that the sudden departure is not related to salary negotiations .	pos_neg	2523
The poll was conducted in August but has been previously reported .	The poll was conducted in August but has not been previously reported .	pos_neg	2524
I am like that .	I am not like that .	pos_neg	2525
But I had returned to French Polynesia .	But I had not returned to French Polynesia .	pos_neg	2526
The purchase price was disclosed .	The purchase price was not disclosed .	pos_neg	2527
She was the Cheryl that we know now .	She was not the Cheryl that we know now .	pos_neg	2528
It is authorized by the Constitution .	It is not authorized by the Constitution .	pos_neg	2529
India ' fair price ' shops attacked Their cell phones work .	India ' fair price ' shops attacked Their cell phones do not work .	pos_neg	2530
Leggett said yesterday that he wanted to rehash the disputes .	Leggett said yesterday that he did not want to rehash the disputes .	pos_neg	2531
Ms. Rosen insisted she was ready to buy .	Ms. Rosen insisted she was not ready to buy .	pos_neg	2532
A museum was a business , he said .	A museum was not a business , he said .	pos_neg	2533
Abortion is free on the NHS for every woman .	Abortion is not free on the NHS for every woman .	pos_neg	2534
That is what the country needs .	That is not what the country needs .	pos_neg	2535
That document has materialized , McCormack said .	That document has not materialized , McCormack said .	pos_neg	2536
So many of the decisions at these companies are about the music .	So many of the decisions at these companies are not about the music .	pos_neg	2537
But he hesitated to answer .	But he did not hesitate to answer .	pos_neg	2538
Truce is on the table now in light of the Israeli aggression .	Truce is not on the table now in light of the Israeli aggression .	pos_neg	2539
Thome struck out against John Rheinecker , who faced another batter .	Thome struck out against John Rheinecker , who did not face another batter .	pos_neg	2540
The suspect 's identity has been revealed , FOX News said .	The suspect 's identity has not been revealed , FOX News said .	pos_neg	2541
OK , so this is my usual tech review or rant .	OK , so this is not my usual tech review or rant .	pos_neg	2542
Details were immediately available .	Details were not immediately available .	pos_neg	2543
It simply has a Nextel Race .	It simply does not have a Nextel Race .	pos_neg	2544
Pricing Services DynCorp responded to two calls for comment .	Pricing Services DynCorp did not respond to two calls for comment .	pos_neg	2545
She has run a state .	She has not run a state .	pos_neg	2546
And I am suggesting there shouldn 't be criticism of administrations .	And I am not suggesting there shouldn 't be criticism of administrations .	pos_neg	2547
Spears was present for Tuesday 's arraignment .	Spears was not present for Tuesday 's arraignment .	pos_neg	2548
Alison knew how to respond .	Alison did not know how to respond .	pos_neg	2549
" They understand the difference , " he said .	" They do not understand the difference , " he said .	pos_neg	2550
We had desktop computers .	We did not have desktop computers .	pos_neg	2551
I certainly have .	I certainly have not .	pos_neg	2552
G. G. reviewed De los Angeles .	G. G. did not review De los Angeles .	pos_neg	2553
Financial terms of Torre 's book were disclosed .	Financial terms of Torre 's book were not disclosed .	pos_neg	2554
Lori and Matt think it is appropriate .	Lori and Matt do not think it is appropriate .	pos_neg	2555
He has made an error this year .	He has not made an error this year .	pos_neg	2556
-- The Company holds " subprime " loans or investment securities .	-- The Company does not hold " subprime " loans or investment securities .	pos_neg	2557
But life is just about economics .	But life is not just about economics .	pos_neg	2558
You 're going to hear a lot of Republicans say that .	You 're not going to hear a lot of Republicans say that .	pos_neg	2559
I needed tranquility , says Cecilia I am surprised .	I needed tranquility , says Cecilia I am not surprised .	pos_neg	2560
" But it happened , " Mr. Buckley said .	" But it did not happen , " Mr. Buckley said .	pos_neg	2561
I know what it is about it .	I do not know what it is about it .	pos_neg	2562
" I am a terrorist , " Canawati said .	" I am not a terrorist , " Canawati said .	pos_neg	2563
" Things are all well in New Orleans , " he said .	" Things are not all well in New Orleans , " he said .	pos_neg	2564
But the predictions were always correct .	But the predictions were not always correct .	pos_neg	2565
He was willing to give up , which is great .	He was not willing to give up , which is great .	pos_neg	2566
Some people are waiting for that formality .	Some people are not waiting for that formality .	pos_neg	2567
But it is crucial that we oversell this .	But it is crucial that we do not oversell this .	pos_neg	2568
But it is so great for people who are standing behind me .	But it is not so great for people who are standing behind me .	pos_neg	2569
Williams responded .	Williams did not respond .	pos_neg	2570
Antidepressants have been studied specifically in pregnant smokers .	Antidepressants have not been studied specifically in pregnant smokers .	pos_neg	2571
That has been granted so I 'll accept that .	That has not been granted so I 'll accept that .	pos_neg	2572
They have ruled out other suspects , Leon said .	They have not ruled out other suspects , Leon said .	pos_neg	2573
He said he knew if he would be asked to resign .	He said he did not know if he would be asked to resign .	pos_neg	2574
The motive for the failed attack was immediately clear .	The motive for the failed attack was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	2575
" " Soccer is only a sport for us .	" " Soccer is not only a sport for us .	pos_neg	2576
I mind that .	I do not mind that .	pos_neg	2577
You 'll immediately discover perks that other vacations allow .	You 'll immediately discover perks that other vacations do not allow .	pos_neg	2578
25 , the government official showed up .	25 , the government official did not show up .	pos_neg	2579
It is the overheated plot in the latest Dan Brown novel .	It is not the overheated plot in the latest Dan Brown novel .	pos_neg	2580
It was immediately clear what the suspect 's motive was .	It was not immediately clear what the suspect 's motive was .	pos_neg	2581
It was clear what prompted the decision .	It was not clear what prompted the decision .	pos_neg	2582
He said the regulation bothered him .	He said the regulation did not bother him .	pos_neg	2583
I know , though .	I do not know , though .	pos_neg	2584
But this needs to be the case .	But this does not need to be the case .	pos_neg	2585
But even her own party was optimistic about the talks .	But even her own party was not optimistic about the talks .	pos_neg	2586
And she insisted that the militants enjoyed the support of Pakistanis .	And she insisted that the militants did not enjoy the support of Pakistanis .	pos_neg	2587
The " S " in TSA stands for security .	The " S " in TSA does not stand for security .	pos_neg	2588
We like to make a fight with Turkey .	We do not like to make a fight with Turkey .	pos_neg	2589
I have been in the state Senate now for quite some time .	I have not been in the state Senate now for quite some time .	pos_neg	2590
" It is about the money , " Blackmarr said .	" It is not about the money , " Blackmarr said .	pos_neg	2591
So today was my best work but that is all right .	So today was not my best work but that is all right .	pos_neg	2592
The date for the surgery was set .	The date for the surgery was not set .	pos_neg	2593
The way he was loud , but he was very strong .	The way he was not loud , but he was very strong .	pos_neg	2594
Ask .	Do not ask .	pos_neg	2595
" That is something we encourage or condone , " Black said .	" That is not something we encourage or condone , " Black said .	pos_neg	2596
Accept that it is about you , and watch them scream .	Accept that it is not about you , and watch them scream .	pos_neg	2597
Two N.J. Golfers Get Back-To-Back Aces There was one .	Two N.J. Golfers Get Back-To-Back Aces There was not one .	pos_neg	2598
They were concerned with the movements of dignitaries .	They were not concerned with the movements of dignitaries .	pos_neg	2599
It is repulsive .	It is not repulsive .	pos_neg	2600
But those were the subjects to which Giuliani was drawn .	But those were not the subjects to which Giuliani was drawn .	pos_neg	2601
And candidly there is confidence in the housing market in the US .	And candidly there is not confidence in the housing market in the US .	pos_neg	2602
This is justice , and we will be vindicated .	This is not justice , and we will be vindicated .	pos_neg	2603
He was planning on running .	He was not planning on running .	pos_neg	2604
I want to see that .	I do not want to see that .	pos_neg	2605
The losing is new to this year .	The losing is not new to this year .	pos_neg	2606
However , it appeared that you wrote the article .	However , it did not appear that you wrote the article .	pos_neg	2607
I am hard on the horses .	I am not hard on the horses .	pos_neg	2608
They are safe .	They are not safe .	pos_neg	2609
GORDON BALDWIN : No , I think there is one .	GORDON BALDWIN : No , I do not think there is one .	pos_neg	2610
Ho-hum , they are the first hypocritical rock stars .	Ho-hum , they are not the first hypocritical rock stars .	pos_neg	2611
Speed is the objective .	Speed is not the objective .	pos_neg	2612
" " I guess a lot of people have that .	" " I guess a lot of people do not have that .	pos_neg	2613
They are young goats .	They are not young goats .	pos_neg	2614
The screening programs are well organized and they are very expensive .	The screening programs are not well organized and they are very expensive .	pos_neg	2615
It has set a new target for hybrid sales .	It has not set a new target for hybrid sales .	pos_neg	2616
" They know why they are here , " he answered .	" They do not know why they are here , " he answered .	pos_neg	2617
It said the date of separation had been determined .	It said the date of separation had not been determined .	pos_neg	2618
The defense also says Nowak drove nonstop .	The defense also says Nowak did not drive nonstop .	pos_neg	2619
It is just a Republican issue .	It is not just a Republican issue .	pos_neg	2620
The value of the deal was disclosed .	The value of the deal was not disclosed .	pos_neg	2621
But you just know what 's round the corner .	But you just do not know what 's round the corner .	pos_neg	2622
But no , I know his secrets .	But no , I do not know his secrets .	pos_neg	2623
Axelrod is one of them , and he presumably has some influence .	Axelrod is not one of them , and he presumably has some influence .	pos_neg	2624
Presents for the bride and groom are requested .	Presents for the bride and groom are not requested .	pos_neg	2625
However , start running to your nearest acupuncturist .	However , do not start running to your nearest acupuncturist .	pos_neg	2626
The risks set forth above are exhaustive .	The risks set forth above are not exhaustive .	pos_neg	2627
Our identity is Syrah , it is Riesling .	Our identity is not Syrah , it is Riesling .	pos_neg	2628
And we have stopped gossiping since .	And we have not stopped gossiping since .	pos_neg	2629
I just think food is something they care about .	I just do not think food is something they care about .	pos_neg	2630
This is how we govern .	This is not how we govern .	pos_neg	2631
Katz returned telephone calls .	Katz did not return telephone calls .	pos_neg	2632
Tesco and the Co-operative have responded , the Bishop said .	Tesco and the Co-operative have not responded , the Bishop said .	pos_neg	2633
Since my engagement , my parents have brought up the topic again .	Since my engagement , my parents have not brought up the topic again .	pos_neg	2634
We were building things we needed to build .	We were building things we did not need to build .	pos_neg	2635
He is that type of guy .	He is not that type of guy .	pos_neg	2636
And even a sudden-death experience in 1987 ruined Barbree 's record .	And even a sudden-death experience in 1987 did not ruin Barbree 's record .	pos_neg	2637
Don 't Forget the Xbox Climate change is like other issues .	Don 't Forget the Xbox Climate change is not like other issues .	pos_neg	2638
Prehistoric bones are very hard to find .	Prehistoric bones are not very hard to find .	pos_neg	2639
Atchison 's destination was known .	Atchison 's destination was not known .	pos_neg	2640
And we want it to end here .	And we do not want it to end here .	pos_neg	2641
Guatemala 's rich , mainly white , elite is short of resources .	Guatemala 's rich , mainly white , elite is not short of resources .	pos_neg	2642
It was clear who ordered them out .	It was not clear who ordered them out .	pos_neg	2643
It is worse than he was yesterday , which is good .	It is not worse than he was yesterday , which is good .	pos_neg	2644
" " A lot of the delegates have seen this stuff before .	" " A lot of the delegates have not seen this stuff before .	pos_neg	2645
I am looking for sympathy or pity , just information .	I am not looking for sympathy or pity , just information .	pos_neg	2646
The Senate has voted on the nomination .	The Senate has not voted on the nomination .	pos_neg	2647
But the premise has gone down well with some US critics .	But the premise has not gone down well with some US critics .	pos_neg	2648
The government 's Crisis Center said the investigation was over .	The government 's Crisis Center said the investigation was not over .	pos_neg	2649
Analysts said market fundamentals support such high prices .	Analysts said market fundamentals do not support such high prices .	pos_neg	2650
It disclosed the size of its greenhouse gas emissions .	It did not disclose the size of its greenhouse gas emissions .	pos_neg	2651
He was available for comment .	He was not available for comment .	pos_neg	2652
Its authority is recognized by Hamas .	Its authority is not recognized by Hamas .	pos_neg	2653
St. John , meanwhile , is always a pussycat .	St. John , meanwhile , is not always a pussycat .	pos_neg	2654
The Lhasa office of China Mobile had a listed telephone number .	The Lhasa office of China Mobile did not have a listed telephone number .	pos_neg	2655
It is just a feeding frenzy for prizes and sales .	It is not just a feeding frenzy for prizes and sales .	pos_neg	2656
Romney said that is enough .	Romney said that is not enough .	pos_neg	2657
They suffer fools .	They do not suffer fools .	pos_neg	2658
... It was that Chela succumbed without a fight .	... It was not that Chela succumbed without a fight .	pos_neg	2659
Representatives from Schylling Associates Inc. were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Schylling Associates Inc. were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	2660
Stem cell research is banned .	Stem cell research is not banned .	pos_neg	2661
Calls for comment from The Box 's general manager were returned .	Calls for comment from The Box 's general manager were not returned .	pos_neg	2662
Of course , Freecycle is without its freeloaders .	Of course , Freecycle is not without its freeloaders .	pos_neg	2663
Owner George Steinbrenner arrived just before 1 p.m. but commented .	Owner George Steinbrenner arrived just before 1 p.m. but did not comment .	pos_neg	2664
And you have to leave your home to find it .	And you do not have to leave your home to find it .	pos_neg	2665
Of course , violence is unique to the NFL .	Of course , violence is not unique to the NFL .	pos_neg	2666
They play with nerves that other big nations have .	They play with nerves that other big nations do not have .	pos_neg	2667
It certainly has traffic problems .	It certainly does not have traffic problems .	pos_neg	2668
Woodard returned cell phone messages , the News said .	Woodard did not return cell phone messages , the News said .	pos_neg	2669
Some also say they want government making their medical decisions .	Some also say they do not want government making their medical decisions .	pos_neg	2670
Phone calls to their attorneys seeking comment were immediately returned .	Phone calls to their attorneys seeking comment were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	2671
I believe in losing .	I do not believe in losing .	pos_neg	2672
Murphy certainly was .	Murphy certainly was not .	pos_neg	2673
The injury is considered career threatening .	The injury is not considered career threatening .	pos_neg	2674
I think we will maintain the status quo .	I do not think we will maintain the status quo .	pos_neg	2675
Luckily it turned out that it mattered .	Luckily it turned out that it did not matter .	pos_neg	2676
I ran .	I did not run .	pos_neg	2677
I want to finish last .	I do not want to finish last .	pos_neg	2678
He was immediately reachable for comment .	He was not immediately reachable for comment .	pos_neg	2679
The presidency is something that lends itself to on-the-job training .	The presidency is not something that lends itself to on-the-job training .	pos_neg	2680
The tires on my car had been rotated the whole time .	The tires on my car had not been rotated the whole time .	pos_neg	2681
This column is intended to be a sales pitch .	This column is not intended to be a sales pitch .	pos_neg	2682
McCain 's campaign has misrepresented the video , she said .	McCain 's campaign has not misrepresented the video , she said .	pos_neg	2683
I think he is presidential material .	I do not think he is presidential material .	pos_neg	2684
The tragedy began about 1 a.m. This is an easy job .	The tragedy began about 1 a.m. This is not an easy job .	pos_neg	2685
" I am a very ethical guy , " Anthony said .	" I am not a very ethical guy , " Anthony said .	pos_neg	2686
Vin chaud is what you want .	Vin chaud is not what you want .	pos_neg	2687
The request affects ports on Oahu or Kauai .	The request does not affect ports on Oahu or Kauai .	pos_neg	2688
Determine what 's working .	Determine what 's not working .	pos_neg	2689
Unlike some volcanos , Mount Kelud smokes or rumble .	Unlike some volcanos , Mount Kelud does not smoke or rumble .	pos_neg	2690
And most of you know that I actually -- no .	And most of you do not know that I actually -- no .	pos_neg	2691
There is an ideological element which is pointing voters in that direction .	There is not an ideological element which is pointing voters in that direction .	pos_neg	2692
We are against Turkey .	We are not against Turkey .	pos_neg	2693
Their hometowns were immediately available .	Their hometowns were not immediately available .	pos_neg	2694
Accepting the help was always easy .	Accepting the help was not always easy .	pos_neg	2695
That seemed like the right thing to do .	That did not seem like the right thing to do .	pos_neg	2696
HGH was banned by baseball then .	HGH was not banned by baseball then .	pos_neg	2697
" The wheels touched the runway , " Vutichai told AFP .	" The wheels did not touch the runway , " Vutichai told AFP .	pos_neg	2698
And it is the first time .	And it is not the first time .	pos_neg	2699
The reason for the discrepancy was immediately clear .	The reason for the discrepancy was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	2700
The suspect got far .	The suspect did not get far .	pos_neg	2701
How he got there was so typical .	How he got there was not so typical .	pos_neg	2702
It is a small matter .	It is not a small matter .	pos_neg	2703
He buys it .	He does not buy it .	pos_neg	2704
Portales said the incident appears related to the summit .	Portales said the incident does not appear related to the summit .	pos_neg	2705
I am so sure .	I am not so sure .	pos_neg	2706
I know that if you are a Cardinals fan you feel otherwise .	I know that if you are not a Cardinals fan you feel otherwise .	pos_neg	2707
That is what he needs .	That is not what he needs .	pos_neg	2708
He says the phone companies deserve the legal protection .	He says the phone companies do not deserve the legal protection .	pos_neg	2709
Cronenberg was on hand to pick up the award .	Cronenberg was not on hand to pick up the award .	pos_neg	2710
Unfortunately , it is the one released today .	Unfortunately , it is not the one released today .	pos_neg	2711
But that is the way to bet .	But that is not the way to bet .	pos_neg	2712
We talk to Taliban , full stop .	We do not talk to Taliban , full stop .	pos_neg	2713
The team disclosed the cause of death .	The team did not disclose the cause of death .	pos_neg	2714
It worked out now .	It did not work out now .	pos_neg	2715
This was a reaction the producers anticipated .	This was not a reaction the producers anticipated .	pos_neg	2716
The women like heat .	The women do not like heat .	pos_neg	2717
Silence is an option in British foreign policy .	Silence is not an option in British foreign policy .	pos_neg	2718
However , many women are participating in mammograms on a regular basis .	However , many women are not participating in mammograms on a regular basis .	pos_neg	2719
Many , however , understood his end-zone prayer .	Many , however , did not understand his end-zone prayer .	pos_neg	2720
Let the yolks touch one another .	Do not let the yolks touch one another .	pos_neg	2721
Police confirmed that someone had been killed .	Police did not confirm that someone had been killed .	pos_neg	2722
" He called to confess , " Stenz said .	" He did not call to confess , " Stenz said .	pos_neg	2723
" " There were many options .	" " There were not many options .	pos_neg	2724
" " Glentoran , on their own , beat us .	" " Glentoran , on their own , did not beat us .	pos_neg	2725
These are the only taxes Congress wants to raise .	These are not the only taxes Congress wants to raise .	pos_neg	2726
Options involve risk and are suitable for all investors .	Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors .	pos_neg	2727
" I am favored here , " she said .	" I am not favored here , " she said .	pos_neg	2728
You want to be too aggressive .	You do not want to be too aggressive .	pos_neg	2729
But take yourself seriously .	But do not take yourself seriously .	pos_neg	2730
Detroit Tigers Manager Jim Leyland is a big believer in momentum .	Detroit Tigers Manager Jim Leyland is not a big believer in momentum .	pos_neg	2731
It is clear where or when those later bargaining sessions will occur .	It is not clear where or when those later bargaining sessions will occur .	pos_neg	2732
China has joined the chorus of condemnation .	China has not joined the chorus of condemnation .	pos_neg	2733
But that was the main reason he bought his car .	But that was not the main reason he bought his car .	pos_neg	2734
I know what the point was .	I do not know what the point was .	pos_neg	2735
" I remember thinking to the monkeys , ' move !	" I remember thinking to the monkeys , ' do not move !	pos_neg	2736
Security Flaws I know about that one .	Security Flaws I do not know about that one .	pos_neg	2737
Environmentalism is just some politics .	Environmentalism is not just some politics .	pos_neg	2738
He knew if they were the children 's grandparents .	He did not know if they were the children 's grandparents .	pos_neg	2739
I know if he is coming back next week or what .	I do not know if he is coming back next week or what .	pos_neg	2740
It matters where Raikkonen finishes .	It does not matter where Raikkonen finishes .	pos_neg	2741
The donation includes stock options .	The donation does not include stock options .	pos_neg	2742
He was very specific about how such deals would work .	He was not very specific about how such deals would work .	pos_neg	2743
Knoll undertakes a duty to update such forward-looking statements .	Knoll does not undertake a duty to update such forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	2744
The terms of the acquisition were disclosed .	The terms of the acquisition were not disclosed .	pos_neg	2745
LG argues that Intel 's license extended to the computer makers .	LG argues that Intel 's license did not extend to the computer makers .	pos_neg	2746
" " The mail of yesterday is necessarily the mail of tomorrow .	" " The mail of yesterday is not necessarily the mail of tomorrow .	pos_neg	2747
Gerald worries so that Piggie has to .	Gerald worries so that Piggie does not have to .	pos_neg	2748
I am glad I am them .	I am glad I am not them .	pos_neg	2749
Currently , Nokia is manufacturing mobile devices using Intel chips .	Currently , Nokia is not manufacturing mobile devices using Intel chips .	pos_neg	2750
Ben Ali election win But Anne interested me .	Ben Ali election win But Anne did not interest me .	pos_neg	2751
Third place is good enough .	Third place is not good enough .	pos_neg	2752
States Seek Extra Oversight of Microsoft I felt like 15 .	States Seek Extra Oversight of Microsoft I did not feel like 15 .	pos_neg	2753
De Silva and Bird responded to e-mail requests for interviews .	De Silva and Bird did not respond to e-mail requests for interviews .	pos_neg	2754
You want to overlook the regular season .	You do not want to overlook the regular season .	pos_neg	2755
He likes it .	He does not like it .	pos_neg	2756
Authorities believe Goodwin and Reyes knew each other .	Authorities do not believe Goodwin and Reyes knew each other .	pos_neg	2757
But that was all .	But that was not all .	pos_neg	2758
But that is the way Hirschbeck reacted .	But that is not the way Hirschbeck reacted .	pos_neg	2759
To put it bluntly , criminals are your typical citizens .	To put it bluntly , criminals are not your typical citizens .	pos_neg	2760
I was sure where I stood in that debate .	I was not sure where I stood in that debate .	pos_neg	2761
Stewart 's publicist returned calls .	Stewart 's publicist did not return calls .	pos_neg	2762
As a federal agency , CDC promotes or endorse specific products .	As a federal agency , CDC does not promote or endorse specific products .	pos_neg	2763
' " I just care for her .	' " I just do not care for her .	pos_neg	2764
Newton named them .	Newton did not name them .	pos_neg	2765
The CPJ count includes al-Dammi .	The CPJ count does not include al-Dammi .	pos_neg	2766
The statement explained further or give examples .	The statement did not explain further or give examples .	pos_neg	2767
Morataya was alone .	Morataya was not alone .	pos_neg	2768
But many processed foods need all their salt .	But many processed foods do not need all their salt .	pos_neg	2769
Of course , it worked out that way .	Of course , it did not work out that way .	pos_neg	2770
My English ¬ is so good as yours .	My English ¬ is not so good as yours .	pos_neg	2771
In this respect , Myanmar is an isolated case .	In this respect , Myanmar is not an isolated case .	pos_neg	2772
The chief justice is the only person who has been detained .	The chief justice is not the only person who has been detained .	pos_neg	2773
If you have it , you can actually get into trouble .	If you do not have it , you can actually get into trouble .	pos_neg	2774
He means that the images are accurate reflections of the original data .	He means that the images are not accurate reflections of the original data .	pos_neg	2775
It elaborated , but said the crash remains under investigation .	It did not elaborate , but said the crash remains under investigation .	pos_neg	2776
Stuyvesant is made up of rich kids .	Stuyvesant is not made up of rich kids .	pos_neg	2777
I really think so .	I really do not think so .	pos_neg	2778
I would say that generally , most of our patients work .	I would say that generally , most of our patients do not work .	pos_neg	2779
He said he knows which areas he would cut .	He said he does not know which areas he would cut .	pos_neg	2780
It is just the Windy City ; it is the Indie City .	It is not just the Windy City ; it is the Indie City .	pos_neg	2781
I also think they are going to opt for democracy .	I also do not think they are going to opt for democracy .	pos_neg	2782
His name and rank were immediately released .	His name and rank were not immediately released .	pos_neg	2783
She seemed happy to see me .	She did not seem happy to see me .	pos_neg	2784
Craig says he is gay .	Craig says he is not gay .	pos_neg	2785
The Bills practiced Tuesday , and players were unavailable for comment .	The Bills did not practice Tuesday , and players were unavailable for comment .	pos_neg	2786
" It is just about Iraq , " he says .	" It is not just about Iraq , " he says .	pos_neg	2787
That is what you and I are about .	That is not what you and I are about .	pos_neg	2788
A : As I told you , it is always .	A : As I told you , it is not always .	pos_neg	2789
We Will Make Kurd Rebels Grieve The mayor was injured .	We Will Make Kurd Rebels Grieve The mayor was not injured .	pos_neg	2790
That is the right motivation .	That is not the right motivation .	pos_neg	2791
But they think the threat remains .	But they do not think the threat remains .	pos_neg	2792
LSP was immediately available to comment .	LSP was not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	2793
It is vibrating .	It is not vibrating .	pos_neg	2794
They want to change .	They do not want to change .	pos_neg	2795
" It is a jazzy summer town , " Ms. Bellanca said .	" It is not a jazzy summer town , " Ms. Bellanca said .	pos_neg	2796
He has kicked since .	He has not kicked since .	pos_neg	2797
Democrats to Debate in New Hampshire I am going to give up .	Democrats to Debate in New Hampshire I am not going to give up .	pos_neg	2798
That is a problem in Surfers Paradise .	That is not a problem in Surfers Paradise .	pos_neg	2799
Mr. Ullah returned an e-mail message seeking comment .	Mr. Ullah did not return an e-mail message seeking comment .	pos_neg	2800
And it is just how he pitches .	And it is not just how he pitches .	pos_neg	2801
But it is all easy .	But it is not all easy .	pos_neg	2802
I saw some stills and thought she looked so terrible .	I saw some stills and thought she did not look so terrible .	pos_neg	2803
He elaborated on the specific claims .	He did not elaborate on the specific claims .	pos_neg	2804
This is the woman her friends in the US know .	This is not the woman her friends in the US know .	pos_neg	2805
I thought he did it .	I did not think he did it .	pos_neg	2806
" I take it personal , " Pennington said .	" I do not take it personal , " Pennington said .	pos_neg	2807
Shamary was about to enter the Dora market alone .	Shamary was not about to enter the Dora market alone .	pos_neg	2808
Internet news websites have been affected .	Internet news websites have not been affected .	pos_neg	2809
You believe our testament .	You do not believe our testament .	pos_neg	2810
But the gap existed .	But the gap did not exist .	pos_neg	2811
Police said they were sure who owned the memorabilia .	Police said they were not sure who owned the memorabilia .	pos_neg	2812
Mr. Farley and the Bubble saw eye to dial .	Mr. Farley and the Bubble did not see eye to dial .	pos_neg	2813
I have the words to describe how happy I am .	I do not have the words to describe how happy I am .	pos_neg	2814
I know what the future holds .	I do not know what the future holds .	pos_neg	2815
Rodriguez rocked enough .	Rodriguez did not rock enough .	pos_neg	2816
This is a Wal-Mart film .	This is not a Wal-Mart film .	pos_neg	2817
The Fonda Factor - New York Times Maybe they liked it .	The Fonda Factor - New York Times Maybe they did not like it .	pos_neg	2818
But my inspector general knows it , to my knowledge .	But my inspector general does not know it , to my knowledge .	pos_neg	2819
After-hour calls to attorneys representing Spears and Federline were immediately returned .	After-hour calls to attorneys representing Spears and Federline were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	2820
They vented .	They did not vent .	pos_neg	2821
Strahan was .	Strahan was not .	pos_neg	2822
It means there is a change of policy .	It does not mean there is a change of policy .	pos_neg	2823
He had practiced all week because of a quadriceps injury .	He had not practiced all week because of a quadriceps injury .	pos_neg	2824
To him , Bon Jovi 's song cuts it .	To him , Bon Jovi 's song does not cut it .	pos_neg	2825
I hope it continues to perpetuate .	I hope it does not continue to perpetuate .	pos_neg	2826
We need to resort to terrorism .	We do not need to resort to terrorism .	pos_neg	2827
Mary Todd Lincoln looks like a modern beauty .	Mary Todd Lincoln does not look like a modern beauty .	pos_neg	2828
The GAO identified the airports .	The GAO did not identify the airports .	pos_neg	2829
It makes a difference .	It does not make a difference .	pos_neg	2830
But some of the players have a choice .	But some of the players do not have a choice .	pos_neg	2831
When we started Crysis the current hardware was available or being planned .	When we started Crysis the current hardware was not available or being planned .	pos_neg	2832
It is inchoate , it is focused on a specific risk .	It is inchoate , it is not focused on a specific risk .	pos_neg	2833
Mr. Jacobson says he minds that perception .	Mr. Jacobson says he does not mind that perception .	pos_neg	2834
We have enough planners .	We do not have enough planners .	pos_neg	2835
No matter what , I am getting my arm back .	No matter what , I am not getting my arm back .	pos_neg	2836
Frankly , it has been discussed .	Frankly , it has not been discussed .	pos_neg	2837
I care if they develop nuclear technology .	I do not care if they develop nuclear technology .	pos_neg	2838
Football is just about money ; it is an emotional business .	Football is not just about money ; it is an emotional business .	pos_neg	2839
It is too late to stabilize climate .	It is not too late to stabilize climate .	pos_neg	2840
At first , Norten was interested in a project so small .	At first , Norten was not interested in a project so small .	pos_neg	2841
Pritchard believed it .	Pritchard did not believe it .	pos_neg	2842
On vacation here , I have discovered I know squat .	On vacation here , I have discovered I do not know squat .	pos_neg	2843
Sanchez , on the other hand , is done talking .	Sanchez , on the other hand , is not done talking .	pos_neg	2844
And unlike other stars , Usher has been seduced by real estate .	And unlike other stars , Usher has not been seduced by real estate .	pos_neg	2845
That was like my Danny .	That was not like my Danny .	pos_neg	2846
This is covered by artistic integrity .	This is not covered by artistic integrity .	pos_neg	2847
But we are far away .	But we are not far away .	pos_neg	2848
Even some of his players were necessarily believers .	Even some of his players were not necessarily believers .	pos_neg	2849
Those are easy arguments to sell today .	Those are not easy arguments to sell today .	pos_neg	2850
The magazine also accepts advertising .	The magazine also does not accept advertising .	pos_neg	2851
The fine print : Airfare and airport transfers are included .	The fine print : Airfare and airport transfers are not included .	pos_neg	2852
They are your mother 's teapots .	They are not your mother 's teapots .	pos_neg	2853
It was inadvertent .	It was not inadvertent .	pos_neg	2854
The Happy Scots is affected by the committee 's decision .	The Happy Scots is not affected by the committee 's decision .	pos_neg	2855
" My husband has withheld a single document , " said Clinton .	" My husband has not withheld a single document , " said Clinton .	pos_neg	2856
" As far as boys go , I need ' em .	" As far as boys go , I do not need ' em .	pos_neg	2857
We have enough .	We do not have enough .	pos_neg	2858
His identity was released ; no police charges were filed .	His identity was not released ; no police charges were filed .	pos_neg	2859
It is only the numbers that are stacking up against Republicans .	It is not only the numbers that are stacking up against Republicans .	pos_neg	2860
They are considered free agents because they have filed retirement papers .	They are considered free agents because they have not filed retirement papers .	pos_neg	2861
Riccio has been charged .	Riccio has not been charged .	pos_neg	2862
Gale was in good shape , she said .	Gale was not in good shape , she said .	pos_neg	2863
The white teens were suspended from school but were prosecuted .	The white teens were suspended from school but were not prosecuted .	pos_neg	2864
But it is in the long-term best interests of our franchise .	But it is not in the long-term best interests of our franchise .	pos_neg	2865
" I am sure that is true , " Greenspan said .	" I am not sure that is true , " Greenspan said .	pos_neg	2866
But it is only about his father , Mr. Childs says .	But it is not only about his father , Mr. Childs says .	pos_neg	2867
Thomas was always such an ultra-conservative .	Thomas was not always such an ultra-conservative .	pos_neg	2868
Last year we were in a pennant race .	Last year we were not in a pennant race .	pos_neg	2869
The sharpshooters were training for a SWAT team .	The sharpshooters were not training for a SWAT team .	pos_neg	2870
The money is moving because the people are paralyzed .	The money is not moving because the people are paralyzed .	pos_neg	2871
Newcastle had to wait long for the breakthrough .	Newcastle did not have to wait long for the breakthrough .	pos_neg	2872
Florida has nearly enough water for its expected population boom .	Florida does not have nearly enough water for its expected population boom .	pos_neg	2873
Safir also returned calls .	Safir also did not return calls .	pos_neg	2874
My father was an educated man .	My father was not an educated man .	pos_neg	2875
I recall a single throat-clearing .	I do not recall a single throat-clearing .	pos_neg	2876
" Those reports are evident on the tape , " Roberts said .	" Those reports are not evident on the tape , " Roberts said .	pos_neg	2877
So we know what 's going to happen .	So we do not know what 's going to happen .	pos_neg	2878
What we want is clogging , flaking or panda eyes .	What we do not want is clogging , flaking or panda eyes .	pos_neg	2879
I believe in that social worker crap .	I do not believe in that social worker crap .	pos_neg	2880
But it settles for caricature .	But it does not settle for caricature .	pos_neg	2881
... " These people watch television , " Mr. Bar-Dea said .	... " These people do not watch television , " Mr. Bar-Dea said .	pos_neg	2882
" It has to be a disaster , " Bushkin said .	" It does not have to be a disaster , " Bushkin said .	pos_neg	2883
A call to Apple was immediately returned .	A call to Apple was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	2884
McCain noted his rivals support drug reimportation programs .	McCain noted his rivals do not support drug reimportation programs .	pos_neg	2885
" " It is right .	" " It is not right .	pos_neg	2886
And the refills were free .	And the refills were not free .	pos_neg	2887
It is going away , and we need to address it now .	It is not going away , and we need to address it now .	pos_neg	2888
Palestinian officials were immediately available to comment on the prisoner release plans .	Palestinian officials were not immediately available to comment on the prisoner release plans .	pos_neg	2889
She returned phone messages from The Associated Press .	She did not return phone messages from The Associated Press .	pos_neg	2890
And he was talking about recycling .	And he was not talking about recycling .	pos_neg	2891
It was obvious or verbalized .	It was not obvious or verbalized .	pos_neg	2892
MIRCERA is indicated for the treatment of anemia due to cancer chemotherapy .	MIRCERA is not indicated for the treatment of anemia due to cancer chemotherapy .	pos_neg	2893
After all , the second clearly was .	After all , the second clearly was not .	pos_neg	2894
" I am attracted to her , no , " said Thomas .	" I am not attracted to her , no , " said Thomas .	pos_neg	2895
It is what he did as a human being .	It is what he did not do as a human being .	pos_neg	2896
Naples appeals to all .	Naples does not appeal to all .	pos_neg	2897
A hearing date for the Supreme Court appeal was immediately set .	A hearing date for the Supreme Court appeal was not immediately set .	pos_neg	2898
That is exactly a selling point .	That is not exactly a selling point .	pos_neg	2899
Well , it was just another group of murders .	Well , it was not just another group of murders .	pos_neg	2900
Making it happen was easy .	Making it happen was not easy .	pos_neg	2901
It insists that this is the start of an incursion .	It insists that this is not the start of an incursion .	pos_neg	2902
Cook has pitched since Aug. 10 after straining an oblique muscle .	Cook has not pitched since Aug. 10 after straining an oblique muscle .	pos_neg	2903
This is how it was supposed to be .	This is not how it was supposed to be .	pos_neg	2904
" " It is my place to feel bad for them .	" " It is not my place to feel bad for them .	pos_neg	2905
I am sure if I am going to make it .	I am not sure if I am going to make it .	pos_neg	2906
The newspaper mentioned the sanctions .	The newspaper did not mention the sanctions .	pos_neg	2907
There are some people who know how to relax on holiday .	There are some people who do not know how to relax on holiday .	pos_neg	2908
Boston had a power-play opportunity because the Lightning had no penalties .	Boston did not have a power-play opportunity because the Lightning had no penalties .	pos_neg	2909
Boston College 37 , Army 17 He is eligible for parole .	Boston College 37 , Army 17 He is not eligible for parole .	pos_neg	2910
An after-hours call to LeBlanc 's attorney was immediately returned Tuesday .	An after-hours call to LeBlanc 's attorney was not immediately returned Tuesday .	pos_neg	2911
" Money is everything , " Johnston said .	" Money is not everything , " Johnston said .	pos_neg	2912
" " And that is the purpose of the program .	" " And that is not the purpose of the program .	pos_neg	2913
It is a kid 's toy !	It is not a kid 's toy !	pos_neg	2914
Also , he really understands the record business .	Also , he really does not understand the record business .	pos_neg	2915
The financial implications in losing are as big as people suggest .	The financial implications in losing are not as big as people suggest .	pos_neg	2916
Police were seeking two more suspects who had been identified .	Police were seeking two more suspects who had not been identified .	pos_neg	2917
I am sure people are so easily persuaded today .	I am not sure people are so easily persuaded today .	pos_neg	2918
Jebb was tied to the study .	Jebb was not tied to the study .	pos_neg	2919
Anna had caught chickenpox the week before , and had recovered .	Anna had caught chickenpox the week before , and had not recovered .	pos_neg	2920
It happened .	It did not happen .	pos_neg	2921
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was immediately available to comment .	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	2922
But it is all drugs , fights and abuse .	But it is not all drugs , fights and abuse .	pos_neg	2923
Money , jewellery , I needed it .	Money , jewellery , I did not need it .	pos_neg	2924
Skeptical at first - this analytical stuff is science !	Skeptical at first - this analytical stuff is not science !	pos_neg	2925
That just applies to Hillary Clinton .	That just does not apply to Hillary Clinton .	pos_neg	2926
I have gotten that far ahead .	I have not gotten that far ahead .	pos_neg	2927
That is good news for advertisers .	That is not good news for advertisers .	pos_neg	2928
It was clear if the landing was planned or an emergency .	It was not clear if the landing was planned or an emergency .	pos_neg	2929
It is that football players are too stupid to learn .	It is not that football players are too stupid to learn .	pos_neg	2930
id = 1651062007 But researchers said the increase was statistically significant .	id = 1651062007 But researchers said the increase was not statistically significant .	pos_neg	2931
But it really bothers me .	But it really does not bother me .	pos_neg	2932
But it was known if the audiotape was recently made .	But it was not known if the audiotape was recently made .	pos_neg	2933
But past bans work .	But past bans do not work .	pos_neg	2934
Priebe told police that his son was seriously injured in the fall .	Priebe told police that his son was not seriously injured in the fall .	pos_neg	2935
The extent of their injuries was immediately known .	The extent of their injuries was not immediately known .	pos_neg	2936
But this happened .	But this did not happen .	pos_neg	2937
This is news to Raila Disow Ibrahim .	This is not news to Raila Disow Ibrahim .	pos_neg	2938
But those attacks and others stopped the campaign against al- Qaida .	But those attacks and others did not stop the campaign against al- Qaida .	pos_neg	2939
This is and cannot be allowed to become a partisan issue .	This is not and cannot be allowed to become a partisan issue .	pos_neg	2940
It was clear who this latest explosion targeted .	It was not clear who this latest explosion targeted .	pos_neg	2941
Contrary to popular thinking , it is the turkey 's fault .	Contrary to popular thinking , it is not the turkey 's fault .	pos_neg	2942
Workers left the Warren Truck assembly plants in Warren , Mich .	Workers did not leave the Warren Truck assembly plants in Warren , Mich .	pos_neg	2943
But that stopped him from presenting a litany of complaints .	But that did not stop him from presenting a litany of complaints .	pos_neg	2944
I just know .	I just do not know .	pos_neg	2945
This is the beginning of the end for Colorado , Francis said .	This is not the beginning of the end for Colorado , Francis said .	pos_neg	2946
Peters knew whether Peterson had graduated from the 300-student school .	Peters did not know whether Peterson had graduated from the 300-student school .	pos_neg	2947
I thought of them as funny .	I did not think of them as funny .	pos_neg	2948
She is just adorning this trophy .	She is not just adorning this trophy .	pos_neg	2949
That is including the cost of leasing or buying a horse .	That is not including the cost of leasing or buying a horse .	pos_neg	2950
Holt felt traditional home-schooling went far enough .	Holt felt traditional home-schooling did not go far enough .	pos_neg	2951
The person said the effort to back out was a negotiating tactic .	The person said the effort to back out was not a negotiating tactic .	pos_neg	2952
A. It obviously did what it was supposed to do .	A. It obviously did not do what it was supposed to do .	pos_neg	2953
We know how to contact them .	We do not know how to contact them .	pos_neg	2954
That is how Fox sees it .	That is not how Fox sees it .	pos_neg	2955
Most important , he whines .	Most important , he does not whine .	pos_neg	2956
They judge you on your past .	They do not judge you on your past .	pos_neg	2957
Beutel said engineers know what is causing this coating to weaken .	Beutel said engineers do not know what is causing this coating to weaken .	pos_neg	2958
He has forgotten where he comes from .	He has not forgotten where he comes from .	pos_neg	2959
Acxiom was immediately available for comment .	Acxiom was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	2960
" I think it was a flag , " Revis said .	" I do not think it was a flag , " Revis said .	pos_neg	2961
The Peuhse twins seem jaded .	The Peuhse twins do not seem jaded .	pos_neg	2962
Alas , the Bill goes far enough .	Alas , the Bill does not go far enough .	pos_neg	2963
You walk out thinking you need a shower and a massage .	You do not walk out thinking you need a shower and a massage .	pos_neg	2964
I recognized it ; nobody recognized it as post-traumatic stress disorder .	I did not recognize it ; nobody recognized it as post-traumatic stress disorder .	pos_neg	2965
And Leavitt is crazy .	And Leavitt is not crazy .	pos_neg	2966
The amount of force and value of the property matters .	The amount of force and value of the property does not matter .	pos_neg	2967
He cited a figure .	He did not cite a figure .	pos_neg	2968
Some said that there was enough equipment made available early enough .	Some said that there was not enough equipment made available early enough .	pos_neg	2969
John has the same track record .	John does not have the same track record .	pos_neg	2970
But generally that is the way the sport works .	But generally that is not the way the sport works .	pos_neg	2971
This show is for the squeamish or fainthearted .	This show is not for the squeamish or fainthearted .	pos_neg	2972
The current situation has created problems for ordinary people in Islamabad .	The current situation has not created problems for ordinary people in Islamabad .	pos_neg	2973
I have seen advertising that extols the environmental benefits of bottled water .	I have not seen advertising that extols the environmental benefits of bottled water .	pos_neg	2974
The tenacious Mr. Weiner is likely to relent .	The tenacious Mr. Weiner is not likely to relent .	pos_neg	2975
It is known whether detectives interviewed him at the time .	It is not known whether detectives interviewed him at the time .	pos_neg	2976
The cause was immediately clear .	The cause was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	2977
He was involved in the research .	He was not involved in the research .	pos_neg	2978
I am concerned with the draft .	I am not concerned with the draft .	pos_neg	2979
He was concerned with my side , but his .	He was not concerned with my side , but his .	pos_neg	2980
The order spelled out what directives Spears failed to comply with .	The order did not spell out what directives Spears failed to comply with .	pos_neg	2981
The attention is a coincidence .	The attention is not a coincidence .	pos_neg	2982
Discovery ' significant' But she is a great beauty .	Discovery ' significant' But she is not a great beauty .	pos_neg	2983
" It was his best game , " Thomas said .	" It was not his best game , " Thomas said .	pos_neg	2984
I found myself thinking that the Koran is a holy document .	I found myself thinking that the Koran is not a holy document .	pos_neg	2985
After such a nerve-racking night , Arbour said he missed coaching .	After such a nerve-racking night , Arbour said he did not miss coaching .	pos_neg	2986
The candidate himself was on the bill .	The candidate himself was not on the bill .	pos_neg	2987
Ironically , my friend smokes - but what a collection .	Ironically , my friend does not smoke - but what a collection .	pos_neg	2988
It is good for sports .	It is not good for sports .	pos_neg	2989
We are left with a jumble of parts that fit together .	We are left with a jumble of parts that do not fit together .	pos_neg	2990
" " You need potable water to flush your toilet .	" " You do not need potable water to flush your toilet .	pos_neg	2991
The gun used to kill him has been found .	The gun used to kill him has not been found .	pos_neg	2992
I am running to be president of states that vote for Democrats .	I am not running to be president of states that vote for Democrats .	pos_neg	2993
It is medicine .	It is not medicine .	pos_neg	2994
The report said whether the worker became ill .	The report did not say whether the worker became ill .	pos_neg	2995
I knew the bowl and realized I had seen it for weeks .	I knew the bowl and realized I had not seen it for weeks .	pos_neg	2996
Well , we like to rush into things .	Well , we do not like to rush into things .	pos_neg	2997
The road movie is the domain of large cranes or steady-cams .	The road movie is not the domain of large cranes or steady-cams .	pos_neg	2998
" I was really arrested for fighting , " she said .	" I was not really arrested for fighting , " she said .	pos_neg	2999
He was immediately available for comment .	He was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	3000
Reports gave details on where and when they would take place .	Reports did not give details on where and when they would take place .	pos_neg	3001
It is doable .	It is not doable .	pos_neg	3002
It was known if he had an attorney .	It was not known if he had an attorney .	pos_neg	3003
But that was a big change .	But that was not a big change .	pos_neg	3004
I have given up that Nicholas will speak .	I have not given up that Nicholas will speak .	pos_neg	3005
It has been as effective as we had hoped .	It has not been as effective as we had hoped .	pos_neg	3006
Murray , though , is keen .	Murray , though , is not keen .	pos_neg	3007
Unmarried couples have that protection .	Unmarried couples do not have that protection .	pos_neg	3008
Many believe demand supports such high prices .	Many believe demand does not support such high prices .	pos_neg	3009
" So I am counting on him playing , " Vincent added .	" So I am not counting on him playing , " Vincent added .	pos_neg	3010
It is known whether Russell will have GOP challengers in the primary .	It is not known whether Russell will have GOP challengers in the primary .	pos_neg	3011
It depends on us alone .	It does not depend on us alone .	pos_neg	3012
" I feel that I am 60 , " he says .	" I do not feel that I am 60 , " he says .	pos_neg	3013
But they are its largest .	But they are not its largest .	pos_neg	3014
Such courses , it is true , exist .	Such courses , it is true , do not exist .	pos_neg	3015
That is a course .	That is not a course .	pos_neg	3016
I am Afraid Of Arrest .	I am Not Afraid Of Arrest .	pos_neg	3017
Oregon had nearly as tough a time against Arizona State .	Oregon did not have nearly as tough a time against Arizona State .	pos_neg	3018
I blame them if sometimes they just want to go shopping .	I do not blame them if sometimes they just want to go shopping .	pos_neg	3019
The identity of the purchaser was disclosed .	The identity of the purchaser was not disclosed .	pos_neg	3020
A contempt report had been delivered to the House clerk Monday morning .	A contempt report had not been delivered to the House clerk Monday morning .	pos_neg	3021
And in many cases , the films have been entertaining enough .	And in many cases , the films have not been entertaining enough .	pos_neg	3022
The Cardinals went quietly .	The Cardinals did not go quietly .	pos_neg	3023
That I think is a solution .	That I do not think is a solution .	pos_neg	3024
Patricia Schroeder cries when announcing she is running for president .	Patricia Schroeder cries when announcing she is not running for president .	pos_neg	3025
" " You capture that by doing many takes .	" " You do not capture that by doing many takes .	pos_neg	3026
Ours is a one-issue government .	Ours is not a one-issue government .	pos_neg	3027
" I am gay , " he told the cameras .	" I am not gay , " he told the cameras .	pos_neg	3028
Giuliani said Thursday he comments on pending lawsuits .	Giuliani said Thursday he does not comment on pending lawsuits .	pos_neg	3029
It is a dictatorship .	It is not a dictatorship .	pos_neg	3030
" It is working , " Paul said .	" It is not working , " Paul said .	pos_neg	3031
The AP generally identifies possible victims of sex abuse .	The AP generally does not identify possible victims of sex abuse .	pos_neg	3032
No , it was just me .	No , it was not just me .	pos_neg	3033
19 after she showed up for a work meeting .	19 after she did not show up for a work meeting .	pos_neg	3034
Most people know what goes on behind closed doors .	Most people do not know what goes on behind closed doors .	pos_neg	3035
It was immediately possible to reconcile the death tolls .	It was not immediately possible to reconcile the death tolls .	pos_neg	3036
That bides well for the Flemish people .	That does not bode well for the Flemish people .	pos_neg	3037
Blanchett has done such a bad job of that herself .	Blanchett has not done such a bad job of that herself .	pos_neg	3038
It is a shame that caught on .	It is a shame that did not catch on .	pos_neg	3039
It is always as a Welsh player that you get that feeling .	It is not always as a Welsh player that you get that feeling .	pos_neg	3040
He provided a list of the states .	He did not provide a list of the states .	pos_neg	3041
" He excited the crowd , " Cutshall complained .	" He did not excite the crowd , " Cutshall complained .	pos_neg	3042
But teenagers are individuals .	But teenagers are not individuals .	pos_neg	3043
Pyongyang says Mr Bush has stopped far short of declaring war .	Pyongyang says Mr Bush has not stopped far short of declaring war .	pos_neg	3044
Which inevitably endears him to everybody .	Which inevitably does not endear him to everybody .	pos_neg	3045
" " We are in the public health arena .	" " We are not in the public health arena .	pos_neg	3046
It is the team that makes most passes that necessarily wins matches .	It is not the team that makes most passes that necessarily wins matches .	pos_neg	3047
But it is easy to ferry seven guys to gigs .	But it is not easy to ferry seven guys to gigs .	pos_neg	3048
Smith knew if he remained in custody .	Smith did not know if he remained in custody .	pos_neg	3049
" " But that means all of them .	" " But that does not mean all of them .	pos_neg	3050
At Delaware State , officials waited .	At Delaware State , officials did not wait .	pos_neg	3051
Koizumi has said he intends to run .	Koizumi has said he does not intend to run .	pos_neg	3052
I cared .	I did not care .	pos_neg	3053
Clemens , who is also churchgoing Catholic , was cross .	Clemens , who is also churchgoing Catholic , was not cross .	pos_neg	3054
But tell Gete Wami , a 33-year-old Ethiopian woman .	But do not tell Gete Wami , a 33-year-old Ethiopian woman .	pos_neg	3055
Bonds had a long list of suitors before being indicted Thursday .	Bonds did not have a long list of suitors before being indicted Thursday .	pos_neg	3056
I think there was great affection between player and manager .	I do not think there was great affection between player and manager .	pos_neg	3057
The weather service has confirmed the tornado .	The weather service has not confirmed the tornado .	pos_neg	3058
The U.S. military was very happy .	The U.S. military was not very happy .	pos_neg	3059
" We are going away , " he told me .	" We are not going away , " he told me .	pos_neg	3060
War is a private business .	War is not a private business .	pos_neg	3061
Luna have been available for comment .	Luna have not been available for comment .	pos_neg	3062
He looked the type to discuss beverages with .	He did not look the type to discuss beverages with .	pos_neg	3063
It seems that I am my dad 's genetic daughter after all .	It seems that I am not my dad 's genetic daughter after all .	pos_neg	3064
" " My view is that a 13-man lift is big enough .	" " My view is that a 13-man lift is not big enough .	pos_neg	3065
Dr. Levey disputed the broad outlines of Ms. Tucker 's account .	Dr. Levey did not dispute the broad outlines of Ms. Tucker 's account .	pos_neg	3066
He is saying that now .	He is not saying that now .	pos_neg	3067
Joan 's precautions were a waste of time .	Joan 's precautions were not a waste of time .	pos_neg	3068
But it is broken .	But it is not broken .	pos_neg	3069
The study tried to link specific consumption with specific behaviors .	The study did not try to link specific consumption with specific behaviors .	pos_neg	3070
He was dead then .	He was not dead then .	pos_neg	3071
Whether a cheater loves you is really an important question .	Whether a cheater loves you is not really an important question .	pos_neg	3072
It was going to be a nothing-to-nothing game .	It was not going to be a nothing-to-nothing game .	pos_neg	3073
If we are careful , monetary disarray could morph into economic war .	If we are not careful , monetary disarray could morph into economic war .	pos_neg	3074
It was controversial with Murray , however .	It was not controversial with Murray , however .	pos_neg	3075
As we wrote a while back , Google is building a phone .	As we wrote a while back , Google is not building a phone .	pos_neg	3076
Believe me , you have heard the last of her .	Believe me , you have not heard the last of her .	pos_neg	3077
CPR is the miracle cure all TV dramas would have us believe .	CPR is not the miracle cure all TV dramas would have us believe .	pos_neg	3078
Logic , in football , is always easily found .	Logic , in football , is not always easily found .	pos_neg	3079
Sunday night at Verizon Center was one of those nights .	Sunday night at Verizon Center was not one of those nights .	pos_neg	3080
Booi had a sticker .	Booi did not have a sticker .	pos_neg	3081
In Indonesia , the full extent of the damage was immediately known .	In Indonesia , the full extent of the damage was not immediately known .	pos_neg	3082
If introspection drives Nugent bonkers , then ticket requests will .	If introspection does not drive Nugent bonkers , then ticket requests will .	pos_neg	3083
I have sat down and sorted it out in my own mind .	I have not sat down and sorted it out in my own mind .	pos_neg	3084
Wikipedia is without its critics .	Wikipedia is not without its critics .	pos_neg	3085
As for natural trans sources , sweat over them .	As for natural trans sources , do not sweat over them .	pos_neg	3086
Shafer immediately made it known that his departure was voluntary .	Shafer immediately made it known that his departure was not voluntary .	pos_neg	3087
Bhutto was harmed , an aide said .	Bhutto was not harmed , an aide said .	pos_neg	3088
Beltsov said employees " organized the effective evacuation " of residents .	Beltsov said employees " did not organize the effective evacuation " of residents .	pos_neg	3089
The outcome was a surprise .	The outcome was not a surprise .	pos_neg	3090
I am sure , but I know it would be whistled .	I am not sure , but I know it would be whistled .	pos_neg	3091
It gives them permission to attend extracurricular school activities .	It does not give them permission to attend extracurricular school activities .	pos_neg	3092
On the whole , they are .	On the whole , they are not .	pos_neg	3093
It equates to a person 's life .	It does not equate to a person 's life .	pos_neg	3094
These are the Ottomans .	These are not the Ottomans .	pos_neg	3095
At least for now , Hanley said , disillusionment has set in .	At least for now , Hanley said , disillusionment has not set in .	pos_neg	3096
Calls to Rodriguez 's spokesperson were immediately returned , People.com said .	Calls to Rodriguez 's spokesperson were not immediately returned , People.com said .	pos_neg	3097
He has insisted that he is focused on their individual performances .	He has insisted that he is not focused on their individual performances .	pos_neg	3098
The minister also seemed too concerned about the current crisis .	The minister also did not seem too concerned about the current crisis .	pos_neg	3099
You want to be that person .	You do not want to be that person .	pos_neg	3100
The dispossessed are alone in their protests .	The dispossessed are not alone in their protests .	pos_neg	3101
The statistics are pretty .	The statistics are not pretty .	pos_neg	3102
" He was just a scientist , " Trefil said .	" He was not just a scientist , " Trefil said .	pos_neg	3103
This is just a marketing gimmick .	This is not just a marketing gimmick .	pos_neg	3104
Obama , campaigning in New Hampshire , voted on that measure .	Obama , campaigning in New Hampshire , did not vote on that measure .	pos_neg	3105
They know where their mama or their daddy is .	They do not know where their mama or their daddy is .	pos_neg	3106
Flirting is easy when you cannot move .	Flirting is not easy when you cannot move .	pos_neg	3107
It is just intelligence .	It is not just intelligence .	pos_neg	3108
GM just got it .	GM just did not get it .	pos_neg	3109
But this program , produced by Neil Docherty , is merely angry .	But this program , produced by Neil Docherty , is not merely angry .	pos_neg	3110
It was clear why the woman needed help to kill herself .	It was not clear why the woman needed help to kill herself .	pos_neg	3111
As pleasant as Anna seemed , Anna had answered the question .	As pleasant as Anna seemed , Anna had not answered the question .	pos_neg	3112
Yet something feels right about it .	Yet something does not feel right about it .	pos_neg	3113
" This is quality time , " she said .	" This is not quality time , " she said .	pos_neg	3114
And I think you need to have paybacks in sport .	And I do not think you need to have paybacks in sport .	pos_neg	3115
It feels like they have lost in a month .	It feels like they have not lost in a month .	pos_neg	3116
Clearly , Greenspan was up to the job .	Clearly , Greenspan was not up to the job .	pos_neg	3117
It was clear who was driving the truck .	It was not clear who was driving the truck .	pos_neg	3118
A full transcript of the meeting in New York was immediately available .	A full transcript of the meeting in New York was not immediately available .	pos_neg	3119
He took blood tests or examine Alex with a speculum .	He did not take blood tests or examine Alex with a speculum .	pos_neg	3120
A postcard view from a second home comes cheaply , though .	A postcard view from a second home does not come cheaply , though .	pos_neg	3121
" It is a right step , " he says .	" It is not a right step , " he says .	pos_neg	3122
Camacho was keen to stress that taking it easy is an option .	Camacho was keen to stress that taking it easy is not an option .	pos_neg	3123
But you know , I live in fear .	But you know , I do not live in fear .	pos_neg	3124
I care about acting .	I do not care about acting .	pos_neg	3125
The Chinese are following the rules .	The Chinese are not following the rules .	pos_neg	3126
Whether it will be this year , we know .	Whether it will be this year , we do not know .	pos_neg	3127
If he dismisses the case , it could proceed to trial .	If he does not dismiss the case , it could proceed to trial .	pos_neg	3128
A telephone message left at Kahn 's chambers was returned Wednesday .	A telephone message left at Kahn 's chambers was not returned Wednesday .	pos_neg	3129
It is , according to new academic research .	It is not , according to new academic research .	pos_neg	3130
Other terms of the deal were disclosed .	Other terms of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	3131
" It is the week that is difficult , " he snapped .	" It is not the week that is difficult , " he snapped .	pos_neg	3132
Indictment means conviction .	Indictment does not mean conviction .	pos_neg	3133
Lola smiled .	Lola did not smile .	pos_neg	3134
It is a big local derby and we have lost .	It is a big local derby and we have not lost .	pos_neg	3135
" Please worry , " Mr. Patzer said .	" Please do not worry , " Mr. Patzer said .	pos_neg	3136
I think people really do that .	I do not think people really do that .	pos_neg	3137
She wanted to go .	She did not want to go .	pos_neg	3138
" They understand what 's happening , " she said .	" They do not understand what 's happening , " she said .	pos_neg	3139
It seemed to dampen the spirit of fans .	It did not seem to dampen the spirit of fans .	pos_neg	3140
There were incidents of violence but they were widespread .	There were incidents of violence but they were not widespread .	pos_neg	3141
The investigations are thought to be linked to Islamic extremism .	The investigations are not thought to be linked to Islamic extremism .	pos_neg	3142
" I know , " he said then .	" I do not know , " he said then .	pos_neg	3143
McCain told reporters later he was stung by the question .	McCain told reporters later he was not stung by the question .	pos_neg	3144
They think so , but I think so .	They think so , but I do not think so .	pos_neg	3145
I think people are stupid .	I do not think people are stupid .	pos_neg	3146
I am eating chocolate .	I am not eating chocolate .	pos_neg	3147
What caused the blast is known .	What caused the blast is not known .	pos_neg	3148
My colleagues are buying it .	My colleagues are not buying it .	pos_neg	3149
But they asked or recommend that people leave the islands .	But they did not ask or recommend that people leave the islands .	pos_neg	3150
Copies were immediately available online .	Copies were not immediately available online .	pos_neg	3151
We have the manpower to do that .	We do not have the manpower to do that .	pos_neg	3152
Elliott Frisby from Visit Britain , said the findings were surprising .	Elliott Frisby from Visit Britain , said the findings were not surprising .	pos_neg	3153
" " It was for pictures .	" " It was not for pictures .	pos_neg	3154
The ninth-ranked Nalbandian qualified for Shanghai .	The ninth-ranked Nalbandian did not qualify for Shanghai .	pos_neg	3155
I found it particularly happiness-inducing .	I did not find it particularly happiness-inducing .	pos_neg	3156
The play is exactly a pulse-quickener to begin with .	The play is not exactly a pulse-quickener to begin with .	pos_neg	3157
We want a repeat of this summer .	We do not want a repeat of this summer .	pos_neg	3158
Boyd is the first player to complain his disability claims were denied .	Boyd is not the first player to complain his disability claims were denied .	pos_neg	3159
She reached her jail cell .	She did not reach her jail cell .	pos_neg	3160
He gave a proposed date .	He did not give a proposed date .	pos_neg	3161
I told her about the flow chart .	I did not tell her about the flow chart .	pos_neg	3162
A date has been announced .	A date has not been announced .	pos_neg	3163
The international community has recognized the Israeli annexation .	The international community has not recognized the Israeli annexation .	pos_neg	3164
It is about achieving your dreams .	It is not about achieving your dreams .	pos_neg	3165
The victim was injured .	The victim was not injured .	pos_neg	3166
It is surprising that some people missed the joke .	It is not surprising that some people missed the joke .	pos_neg	3167
Ehrlich 's attorney responded to requests for comment .	Ehrlich 's attorney did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	3168
Wanda added , We are wealthy , just regular working people .	Wanda added , We are not wealthy , just regular working people .	pos_neg	3169
She was separated from her boyfriend and has seen him since .	She was separated from her boyfriend and has not seen him since .	pos_neg	3170
China is the only player with space aspirations .	China is not the only player with space aspirations .	pos_neg	3171
The idea of portable nuclear devices was a new one .	The idea of portable nuclear devices was not a new one .	pos_neg	3172
Officials have revealed exactly what was in the men 's car trunk .	Officials have not revealed exactly what was in the men 's car trunk .	pos_neg	3173
Sir David Frost and David Marash are terrorists .	Sir David Frost and David Marash are not terrorists .	pos_neg	3174
The anti-theft tags hooked on the bras triggered a store alarm .	The anti-theft tags hooked on the bras did not trigger a store alarm .	pos_neg	3175
" I am a big scene girl , " she says .	" I am not a big scene girl , " she says .	pos_neg	3176
The committee was asked to vote on the matter .	The committee was not asked to vote on the matter .	pos_neg	3177
Natural light The subjects are traditionally taught to chemistry majors .	Natural light The subjects are not traditionally taught to chemistry majors .	pos_neg	3178
That is a path to sympathy for Heather .	That is not a path to sympathy for Heather .	pos_neg	3179
, told The Associated Press he is interested in pursuing the case .	, told The Associated Press he is not interested in pursuing the case .	pos_neg	3180
I know how it is going to be edited .	I do not know how it is going to be edited .	pos_neg	3181
Praise for Gore DNA is definitive .	Praise for Gore DNA is not definitive .	pos_neg	3182
But that is how Campbell operates .	But that is not how Campbell operates .	pos_neg	3183
It is clear how close the plant was to an accident .	It is not clear how close the plant was to an accident .	pos_neg	3184
They are looking for truth .	They are not looking for truth .	pos_neg	3185
It reported lobbying on the bill in its year-ending 2006 report .	It did not report lobbying on the bill in its year-ending 2006 report .	pos_neg	3186
Rocking the Middle East : He is speaking for the president .	Rocking the Middle East : He is not speaking for the president .	pos_neg	3187
I have a script .	I do not have a script .	pos_neg	3188
Other countries have taken such a backward approach to nuclear power .	Other countries have not taken such a backward approach to nuclear power .	pos_neg	3189
It gave slightly under me but fell .	It gave slightly under me but did not fall .	pos_neg	3190
" " But they know about negotiating the sexual relationship .	" " But they do not know about negotiating the sexual relationship .	pos_neg	3191
Swimming increased the risk of miscarriage , the study found .	Swimming did not increase the risk of miscarriage , the study found .	pos_neg	3192
It is just about the law .	It is not just about the law .	pos_neg	3193
11 , 2001 , constituted national security experience .	11 , 2001 , did not constitute national security experience .	pos_neg	3194
Mehsud : Inform their family presently .	Mehsud : Do not inform their family presently .	pos_neg	3195
Mr. Salander joined the tour .	Mr. Salander did not join the tour .	pos_neg	3196
It was the only time Edsall has had doubts .	It was not the only time Edsall has had doubts .	pos_neg	3197
Maybe the team 's defense defends .	Maybe the team 's defense does not defend .	pos_neg	3198
Kansas said she attended , but earned a degree .	Kansas said she attended , but did not earn a degree .	pos_neg	3199
Organization officials returned several calls for comment .	Organization officials did not return several calls for comment .	pos_neg	3200
It was clear whether the workers were hurt .	It was not clear whether the workers were hurt .	pos_neg	3201
The Africans are suffering but they are stupid .	The Africans are suffering but they are not stupid .	pos_neg	3202
It was .	It was not .	pos_neg	3203
They just let their personality out .	They just do not let their personality out .	pos_neg	3204
It was immediately clear how many shots were fired .	It was not immediately clear how many shots were fired .	pos_neg	3205
He responded to messages left by SI.com with his publicist .	He did not respond to messages left by SI.com with his publicist .	pos_neg	3206
It is truth .	It is not truth .	pos_neg	3207
We played well .	We did not play well .	pos_neg	3208
It is a matter for us .	It is not a matter for us .	pos_neg	3209
But ask Red Sox manager Terry Francona about that .	But do not ask Red Sox manager Terry Francona about that .	pos_neg	3210
Sanctions worked well before .	Sanctions did not work well before .	pos_neg	3211
That is true for very many of us .	That is not true for very many of us .	pos_neg	3212
It is always time for you to get everyone excited .	It is not always time for you to get everyone excited .	pos_neg	3213
These debates have been resolved , only eclipsed .	These debates have not been resolved , only eclipsed .	pos_neg	3214
... But he buys into the natural ability part .	... But he does not buy into the natural ability part .	pos_neg	3215
A call to the American Legion office in Boston was immediately returned .	A call to the American Legion office in Boston was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	3216
Nobody does who has actually been in that situation .	Nobody does who has not actually been in that situation .	pos_neg	3217
I am that big a deal .	I am not that big a deal .	pos_neg	3218
We have forgotten about you .	We have not forgotten about you .	pos_neg	3219
" We have the Starbucks name , " she said .	" We do not have the Starbucks name , " she said .	pos_neg	3220
It may be of comfort know that they are alone .	It may be of comfort know that they are not alone .	pos_neg	3221
Yemen has a law that criminalizes Jihad , or holy war .	Yemen does not have a law that criminalizes Jihad , or holy war .	pos_neg	3222
SOURCE Hospital for Special Surgery Most important , he whines .	SOURCE Hospital for Special Surgery Most important , he does not whine .	pos_neg	3223
The groupies , apparently , have gotten the memo .	The groupies , apparently , have not gotten the memo .	pos_neg	3224
Then Angelos signed Albert Belle , and Wren liked it .	Then Angelos signed Albert Belle , and Wren did not like it .	pos_neg	3225
But I was wearing a costume .	But I was not wearing a costume .	pos_neg	3226
Patients flee for a puff These are random killings .	Patients flee for a puff These are not random killings .	pos_neg	3227
'She Has Shown She Is Afraid .	'She Has Shown She Is Not Afraid .	pos_neg	3228
Despite their difficulties , Republicans are deep in the minority .	Despite their difficulties , Republicans are not deep in the minority .	pos_neg	3229
The short answer is , we know .	The short answer is , we do not know .	pos_neg	3230
Toni Patton of Reading , Pennsylvania Today is a day to forget .	Toni Patton of Reading , Pennsylvania Today is not a day to forget .	pos_neg	3231
He said the current administration is on the right path .	He said the current administration is not on the right path .	pos_neg	3232
I think there is an apology to cover that one .	I do not think there is an apology to cover that one .	pos_neg	3233
Experts on summer sea ice say it is likely to suddenly reappear .	Experts on summer sea ice say it is not likely to suddenly reappear .	pos_neg	3234
Details of the charges were immediately available .	Details of the charges were not immediately available .	pos_neg	3235
As a Democrat , I am wishing Tom Cole success .	As a Democrat , I am not wishing Tom Cole success .	pos_neg	3236
It adds one nickel to the deficit or to the debt .	It does not add one nickel to the deficit or to the debt .	pos_neg	3237
It was , he said , the custom .	It was not , he said , the custom .	pos_neg	3238
And that is good enough .	And that is not good enough .	pos_neg	3239
They acted like the sheep footballers are mistaken for .	They did not act like the sheep footballers are mistaken for .	pos_neg	3240
It certainly was in the Broncos ' locker room .	It certainly was not in the Broncos ' locker room .	pos_neg	3241
The Company 's past results are necessarily indicative of future performance .	The Company 's past results are not necessarily indicative of future performance .	pos_neg	3242
The study surprised state Assemblyman Richard Merkt .	The study did not surprise state Assemblyman Richard Merkt .	pos_neg	3243
We are exerting efforts so that we fall into this trap .	We are exerting efforts so that we do not fall into this trap .	pos_neg	3244
Other airlines were immediately available for comment .	Other airlines were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	3245
I like the person I have become .	I do not like the person I have become .	pos_neg	3246
Foreclosures are far behind .	Foreclosures are not far behind .	pos_neg	3247
" It has been easy , " he said .	" It has not been easy , " he said .	pos_neg	3248
" This is about my campaign , " he said .	" This is not about my campaign , " he said .	pos_neg	3249
He had looked .	He had not looked .	pos_neg	3250
The prevalence of the overweight is proof that darts is unathletic .	The prevalence of the overweight is not proof that darts is unathletic .	pos_neg	3251
He lost against them that day .	He did not lose against them that day .	pos_neg	3252
The Leong family was the highest bidder for seats .	The Leong family was not the highest bidder for seats .	pos_neg	3253
He had a proper wardrobe .	He did not have a proper wardrobe .	pos_neg	3254
The cause of the fire had been determined .	The cause of the fire had not been determined .	pos_neg	3255
Many elections have proven that money guarantees a win .	Many elections have proven that money does not guarantee a win .	pos_neg	3256
Scientists say no , it is all nature and no nurture .	Scientists say no , it is not all nature and no nurture .	pos_neg	3257
This is about steroids .	This is not about steroids .	pos_neg	3258
So far , that wall has been installed .	So far , that wall has not been installed .	pos_neg	3259
We need that .	We do not need that .	pos_neg	3260
Family members say they believe alcohol played a role .	Family members say they do not believe alcohol played a role .	pos_neg	3261
Ash ( from wee Edinburgh ) via email Throw this away !	Ash ( from wee Edinburgh ) via email Do not throw this away !	pos_neg	3262
This was James ' first big night in Oakland .	This was not James ' first big night in Oakland .	pos_neg	3263
We actually want our kids to learn football .	We actually do not want our kids to learn football .	pos_neg	3264
Others recognized me .	Others did not recognize me .	pos_neg	3265
Running backs Fred Taylor and Maurice Jones-Drew played .	Running backs Fred Taylor and Maurice Jones-Drew did not play .	pos_neg	3266
Tell me the NFL schedule makers have a sense of humor .	Tell me the NFL schedule makers do not have a sense of humor .	pos_neg	3267
It is a big deal .	It is not a big deal .	pos_neg	3268
The police vehicle followed it .	The police vehicle did not follow it .	pos_neg	3269
Maybe your unconscious realizes you have time for buyer 's remorse .	Maybe your unconscious realizes you do not have time for buyer 's remorse .	pos_neg	3270
Some of their clients are so sure .	Some of their clients are not so sure .	pos_neg	3271
The men targeted in the attacks were killed , police said .	The men targeted in the attacks were not killed , police said .	pos_neg	3272
They want to fly in the air .	They do not want to fly in the air .	pos_neg	3273
Most people want government-run health insurance .	Most people do not want government-run health insurance .	pos_neg	3274
Joseph Murphy is cooperating while he recovers , according to authorities .	Joseph Murphy is not cooperating while he recovers , according to authorities .	pos_neg	3275
Under commission rules , a tie vote means the matter is approved .	Under commission rules , a tie vote means the matter is not approved .	pos_neg	3276
' " Meals are included but booze is .	' " Meals are included but booze is not .	pos_neg	3277
We think so .	We do not think so .	pos_neg	3278
A call to a union spokesman was immediately returned .	A call to a union spokesman was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	3279
Rebecca had been happy the year before last .	Rebecca had not been happy the year before last .	pos_neg	3280
Ethics codes cover this .	Ethics codes do not cover this .	pos_neg	3281
It was clear how many bats were in the building .	It was not clear how many bats were in the building .	pos_neg	3282
Ahmadinejad named the official .	Ahmadinejad did not name the official .	pos_neg	3283
But the Peking duck and liquor were enough .	But the Peking duck and liquor were not enough .	pos_neg	3284
Playing three Grand Slam semi-finals in one year is easy .	Playing three Grand Slam semi-finals in one year is not easy .	pos_neg	3285
Being an exclusive game guarantees greatness .	Being an exclusive game does not guarantee greatness .	pos_neg	3286
Mr Rat was there to hear this allegation .	Mr Rat was not there to hear this allegation .	pos_neg	3287
Calls for comment to Dollar 's ministries were returned Tuesday afternoon .	Calls for comment to Dollar 's ministries were not returned Tuesday afternoon .	pos_neg	3288
But it is partridge shooting in natural partridge country .	But it is not partridge shooting in natural partridge country .	pos_neg	3289
I know at the time .	I do not know at the time .	pos_neg	3290
The officers were able to enter the house through the front door .	The officers were not able to enter the house through the front door .	pos_neg	3291
This is supposed to happen .	This is not supposed to happen .	pos_neg	3292
" I like remakes , " Caine says .	" I do not like remakes , " Caine says .	pos_neg	3293
And the 2007 version of it disappointed in that area .	And the 2007 version of it did not disappoint in that area .	pos_neg	3294
Several Citigroup board members declined to comment or returned calls .	Several Citigroup board members declined to comment or did not return calls .	pos_neg	3295
Akol said it was essential that all the peacekeepers be from Africa .	Akol said it was not essential that all the peacekeepers be from Africa .	pos_neg	3296
There was enough food so people had to eat Soylent Green .	There was not enough food so people had to eat Soylent Green .	pos_neg	3297
A Paul spokesman made clear Mr Paul supported blowing up buildings .	A Paul spokesman made clear Mr Paul did not support blowing up buildings .	pos_neg	3298
" " It is the same as football fans .	" " It is not the same as football fans .	pos_neg	3299
And , like many greats , he was exactly the best collaborator .	And , like many greats , he was not exactly the best collaborator .	pos_neg	3300
It turned out it was .	It turned out it was not .	pos_neg	3301
But the ownership issue is always clear-cut .	But the ownership issue is not always clear-cut .	pos_neg	3302
But McAuliffe was resting on his laurels .	But McAuliffe was not resting on his laurels .	pos_neg	3303
I was mature enough to know it was personal .	I was mature enough to know it was not personal .	pos_neg	3304
I know what the truth is .	I do not know what the truth is .	pos_neg	3305
There is a hand brake on the human body .	There is not a hand brake on the human body .	pos_neg	3306
I was in Vietnam at the time and getting one was easy .	I was in Vietnam at the time and getting one was not easy .	pos_neg	3307
He bumped chests .	He did not bump chests .	pos_neg	3308
I mean , you know .	I mean , you do not know .	pos_neg	3309
It was just muggings .	It was not just muggings .	pos_neg	3310
It is about how you are as a human being .	It is not about how you are as a human being .	pos_neg	3311
Fire officials believe foul play was involved .	Fire officials do not believe foul play was involved .	pos_neg	3312
He came bearing holiday gifts .	He did not come bearing holiday gifts .	pos_neg	3313
Like players , head coaches have prime views during games .	Like players , head coaches do not have prime views during games .	pos_neg	3314
" " But it is like I live and die by it .	" " But it is not like I live and die by it .	pos_neg	3315
Most madrassas are great centers of learning .	Most madrassas are not great centers of learning .	pos_neg	3316
Wade minded whatsoever .	Wade did not mind whatsoever .	pos_neg	3317
The economic consequences of sanctions are Iran 's only motivation .	The economic consequences of sanctions are not Iran 's only motivation .	pos_neg	3318
That is likely .	That is not likely .	pos_neg	3319
" I am making it up , " Bush insisted .	" I am not making it up , " Bush insisted .	pos_neg	3320
But long-term institutional investors are so easily thrown by such short-term problems .	But long-term institutional investors are not so easily thrown by such short-term problems .	pos_neg	3321
No , they seem to understand .	No , they do not seem to understand .	pos_neg	3322
Ensuring that they deteriorate and would detonate if necessary is difficult .	Ensuring that they do not deteriorate and would detonate if necessary is difficult .	pos_neg	3323
But researchers have understood how these microscopic particles actually kill people .	But researchers have not understood how these microscopic particles actually kill people .	pos_neg	3324
I am Ghandi or Angelina Jolie , but I made some strides .	I am not Ghandi or Angelina Jolie , but I made some strides .	pos_neg	3325
In that sense , things are going to plan .	In that sense , things are not going to plan .	pos_neg	3326
But we are just looking for the Tiffany-brand customer .	But we are not just looking for the Tiffany-brand customer .	pos_neg	3327
The call for a public hearing is unprecedented .	The call for a public hearing is not unprecedented .	pos_neg	3328
This time , it was enough .	This time , it was not enough .	pos_neg	3329
It is going to go away .	It is not going to go away .	pos_neg	3330
They are panned out to be the therapies that they should .	They are not panned out to be the therapies that they should .	pos_neg	3331
He was immediately identified .	He was not immediately identified .	pos_neg	3332
It works with Nextel-branded phones , the company said .	It does not work with Nextel-branded phones , the company said .	pos_neg	3333
" They have got back to us , " Moualem said .	" They have not got back to us , " Moualem said .	pos_neg	3334
More details were clear Wednesday night .	More details were not clear Wednesday night .	pos_neg	3335
" These are just ordinary galaxies , " he said .	" These are not just ordinary galaxies , " he said .	pos_neg	3336
" I regret having turned them down , " he said .	" I do not regret having turned them down , " he said .	pos_neg	3337
Ignoring it was an option .	Ignoring it was not an option .	pos_neg	3338
The prints matched those of Knox or Sollecito .	The prints did not match those of Knox or Sollecito .	pos_neg	3339
" It is impossible , " says one Argentine man .	" It is not impossible , " says one Argentine man .	pos_neg	3340
They coddle pests and I respect that .	They do not coddle pests and I respect that .	pos_neg	3341
Coach Mike Tomlin appears as worried .	Coach Mike Tomlin does not appear as worried .	pos_neg	3342
" I make those calculations , " he said .	" I do not make those calculations , " he said .	pos_neg	3343
EPA has assessed penalties as part of these actions .	EPA has not assessed penalties as part of these actions .	pos_neg	3344
I think the American League is going to be dominant forever .	I do not think the American League is going to be dominant forever .	pos_neg	3345
But it is only dream experts discussing the topic .	But it is not only dream experts discussing the topic .	pos_neg	3346
He has publicly spoken about Mr. Torre since .	He has not publicly spoken about Mr. Torre since .	pos_neg	3347
The Cold War warriors did things by halves .	The Cold War warriors did not do things by halves .	pos_neg	3348
I squelched it .	I did not squelch it .	pos_neg	3349
Burke returned phone calls seeking comment .	Burke did not return phone calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	3350
Mr. Novitzky tapes his interviews but writes detailed reports .	Mr. Novitzky does not tape his interviews but writes detailed reports .	pos_neg	3351
Most have been found .	Most have not been found .	pos_neg	3352
For power came without compromise .	For power did not come without compromise .	pos_neg	3353
" " But the issue in drawing up our plan was race .	" " But the issue in drawing up our plan was not race .	pos_neg	3354
Police believe this to have been a coincidence .	Police do not believe this to have been a coincidence .	pos_neg	3355
Idiopathic means we know .	Idiopathic means we do not know .	pos_neg	3356
But this evolutionary trick is without potential romantic peril .	But this evolutionary trick is not without potential romantic peril .	pos_neg	3357
The Democrats have carried the state in a presidential election since 1964 .	The Democrats have not carried the state in a presidential election since 1964 .	pos_neg	3358
But I have always carried my life on my shoulder .	But I have not always carried my life on my shoulder .	pos_neg	3359
This sector of the market is insignificant .	This sector of the market is not insignificant .	pos_neg	3360
It is fair on them ' .	It is not fair on them ' .	pos_neg	3361
Clinton : No , I said that , Tim .	Clinton : No , I did not say that , Tim .	pos_neg	3362
Sacred Heart Church is Iraq 's largest or most beleaguered Christian congregation .	Sacred Heart Church is not Iraq 's largest or most beleaguered Christian congregation .	pos_neg	3363
Klein is an academic and cannot be judged as one .	Klein is not an academic and cannot be judged as one .	pos_neg	3364
It was immediately clear why it ran aground .	It was not immediately clear why it ran aground .	pos_neg	3365
A spokeswoman for Blackwater returned calls seeking comment Friday .	A spokeswoman for Blackwater did not return calls seeking comment Friday .	pos_neg	3366
This penchant has stayed rooted to Russian soil .	This penchant has not stayed rooted to Russian soil .	pos_neg	3367
He wants to send students into adulthood just minimally functional .	He does not want to send students into adulthood just minimally functional .	pos_neg	3368
BKS : Well , I was knowing who he was .	BKS : Well , I was not knowing who he was .	pos_neg	3369
That is what happened .	That is not what happened .	pos_neg	3370
Surprisingly , she said no .	Surprisingly , she did not say no .	pos_neg	3371
Frank said that scoring spike was part of a grand scheme .	Frank said that scoring spike was not part of a grand scheme .	pos_neg	3372
I was mad it went in .	I was mad it did not go in .	pos_neg	3373
Bernanke mentioned current U.S. economic or monetary policy issues .	Bernanke did not mention current U.S. economic or monetary policy issues .	pos_neg	3374
Environmental economists Dasgupta and Nordhaus were among its favorites .	Environmental economists Dasgupta and Nordhaus were not among its favorites .	pos_neg	3375
The suspect had been found Thursday .	The suspect had not been found Thursday .	pos_neg	3376
DK : it is that hard for me to reach .	DK : it is not that hard for me to reach .	pos_neg	3377
( inaudible ) it is that hard .	( inaudible ) it is not that hard .	pos_neg	3378
But resolutions have to be just about you , pal .	But resolutions do not have to be just about you , pal .	pos_neg	3379
White House spokesman Tony Fratto said Pakistan had officially requested U.S. help .	White House spokesman Tony Fratto said Pakistan had not officially requested U.S. help .	pos_neg	3380
Foul play appears to be a factor , authorities said .	Foul play does not appear to be a factor , authorities said .	pos_neg	3381
Where we are , the demand just is there .	Where we are , the demand just is not there .	pos_neg	3382
The department has issued a damage estimate caused by the flooding .	The department has not issued a damage estimate caused by the flooding .	pos_neg	3383
But obviously he is as sharp as he can be .	But obviously he is not as sharp as he can be .	pos_neg	3384
" " But I am prepared to go further than that .	" " But I am not prepared to go further than that .	pos_neg	3385
The miracle was that it was worse .	The miracle was that it was not worse .	pos_neg	3386
UAW spokesman Roger Kerson returned a call for comment late Sunday .	UAW spokesman Roger Kerson did not return a call for comment late Sunday .	pos_neg	3387
Clapton comes off very well in the book .	Clapton does not come off very well in the book .	pos_neg	3388
We intend to try this case in the press .	We do not intend to try this case in the press .	pos_neg	3389
But perhaps they sold well .	But perhaps they did not sell well .	pos_neg	3390
'Nothing left' The driver turned to face me but answered .	'Nothing left' The driver turned to face me but did not answer .	pos_neg	3391
But I knew they were trying a guy who did it .	But I knew they were trying a guy who did not do it .	pos_neg	3392
Boras returned messages .	Boras did not return messages .	pos_neg	3393
It is long before a huddle of fur trots into view .	It is not long before a huddle of fur trots into view .	pos_neg	3394
No More Hunting Nortel admitted or deny wrongdoing .	No More Hunting Nortel did not admit or deny wrongdoing .	pos_neg	3395
" " He is an example for our children .	" " He is not an example for our children .	pos_neg	3396
Those reductions indicated the heart muscles were getting enough blood .	Those reductions indicated the heart muscles were not getting enough blood .	pos_neg	3397
The impact on equity and earnings is material .	The impact on equity and earnings is not material .	pos_neg	3398
While the Vue 's interior is stylish , it is especially space-efficient .	While the Vue 's interior is stylish , it is not especially space-efficient .	pos_neg	3399
I am going to cry about it .	I am not going to cry about it .	pos_neg	3400
An after-hours call to Nelson 's talent agency was immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Nelson 's talent agency was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	3401
The Madrid ball-girls / models are around for this match .	The Madrid ball-girls / models are not around for this match .	pos_neg	3402
We all know the Conservatives have the answers .	We all know the Conservatives do not have the answers .	pos_neg	3403
I am convinced .	I am not convinced .	pos_neg	3404
It is that simple .	It is not that simple .	pos_neg	3405
It also included a threat assessment team .	It also did not include a threat assessment team .	pos_neg	3406
We have gone for free food for years .	We have not gone for free food for years .	pos_neg	3407
The Christmas story tries to explain how it works .	The Christmas story does not try to explain how it works .	pos_neg	3408
The move was unexpected .	The move was not unexpected .	pos_neg	3409
So I really think I have changed my views about this .	So I really do not think I have changed my views about this .	pos_neg	3410
But it is expected to affect the final outcome .	But it is not expected to affect the final outcome .	pos_neg	3411
But beeping is only about money .	But beeping is not only about money .	pos_neg	3412
Perhaps you know what that next level is .	Perhaps you do not know what that next level is .	pos_neg	3413
But in Patharghata , residents told CNN they were ready .	But in Patharghata , residents told CNN they were not ready .	pos_neg	3414
It really makes sense .	It really does not make sense .	pos_neg	3415
' " They just eat the same way .	' " They just do not eat the same way .	pos_neg	3416
He talked about the failures , but the Democrats did .	He did not talk about the failures , but the Democrats did .	pos_neg	3417
Howard is alone in her affinity for inexpensive retailers .	Howard is not alone in her affinity for inexpensive retailers .	pos_neg	3418
On that front , at least , Bush has disappointed .	On that front , at least , Bush has not disappointed .	pos_neg	3419
It was directly asked .	It was not directly asked .	pos_neg	3420
Pricing information was available .	Pricing information was not available .	pos_neg	3421
The security worker was seriously injured .	The security worker was not seriously injured .	pos_neg	3422
It was piece of state property , Barrett said .	It was not piece of state property , Barrett said .	pos_neg	3423
" I am sufficiently interested , " he said Friday .	" I am not sufficiently interested , " he said Friday .	pos_neg	3424
He says he wants to imagine the US bombs falling .	He says he does not want to imagine the US bombs falling .	pos_neg	3425
Deputy admits foul sewage problem The jurors heard directly from Spector .	Deputy admits foul sewage problem The jurors did not hear directly from Spector .	pos_neg	3426
To Toobin 's credit , he exempts O 'Connor .	To Toobin 's credit , he does not exempt O 'Connor .	pos_neg	3427
You just pray it happens to you .	You just pray it does not happen to you .	pos_neg	3428
Looper allowed a run for the first time since May 12 .	Looper did not allow a run for the first time since May 12 .	pos_neg	3429
Again , that probably is what you want .	Again , that probably is not what you want .	pos_neg	3430
They left .	They did not leave .	pos_neg	3431
He had decent shoes .	He did not have decent shoes .	pos_neg	3432
5 , started against the left-handed Davis .	5 , did not start against the left-handed Davis .	pos_neg	3433
It is just publishing hype .	It is not just publishing hype .	pos_neg	3434
But pet obesity is just about looks .	But pet obesity is not just about looks .	pos_neg	3435
I am crusading against it .	I am not crusading against it .	pos_neg	3436
Edmonton has won since Dec. 15 .	Edmonton has not won since Dec. 15 .	pos_neg	3437
But go looking for vampires or Dracula here .	But do not go looking for vampires or Dracula here .	pos_neg	3438
We are a recreational organization .	We are not a recreational organization .	pos_neg	3439
So British Gas is just inefficient .	So British Gas is not just inefficient .	pos_neg	3440
The plight of the swath of struggling Americans has gone unnoticed .	The plight of the swath of struggling Americans has not gone unnoticed .	pos_neg	3441
But it is a dream for me .	But it is not a dream for me .	pos_neg	3442
" I know , " Kellibrew said .	" I do not know , " Kellibrew said .	pos_neg	3443
There is perfection here .	There is not perfection here .	pos_neg	3444
The names of the dead were immediately available .	The names of the dead were not immediately available .	pos_neg	3445
" They basically had a plan , " he said .	" They basically did not have a plan , " he said .	pos_neg	3446
Ensuring it comes from China will complicate a purchase .	Ensuring it does not come from China will complicate a purchase .	pos_neg	3447
Senior dean Stephen Farmer was so sure .	Senior dean Stephen Farmer was not so sure .	pos_neg	3448
But I want them to go completely .	But I do not want them to go completely .	pos_neg	3449
I feel anxious she is with us .	I feel anxious she is not with us .	pos_neg	3450
Mr. Prince returned calls yesterday for comment .	Mr. Prince did not return calls yesterday for comment .	pos_neg	3451
Most of the savings come from paying fewer doctors .	Most of the savings do not come from paying fewer doctors .	pos_neg	3452
Small cruise ships see the new offerings as a threat .	Small cruise ships do not see the new offerings as a threat .	pos_neg	3453
Lowery is the first employee to allegedly snap on her boss .	Lowery is not the first employee to allegedly snap on her boss .	pos_neg	3454
Hank Steinbrenner said he was concerned .	Hank Steinbrenner said he was not concerned .	pos_neg	3455
Mike Kozma is one of them .	Mike Kozma is not one of them .	pos_neg	3456
It later emerged she had a valid California driving licence .	It later emerged she did not have a valid California driving licence .	pos_neg	3457
The risk is confined to brokers and agents .	The risk is not confined to brokers and agents .	pos_neg	3458
She was carrying identification .	She was not carrying identification .	pos_neg	3459
It gave a definite answer .	It did not give a definite answer .	pos_neg	3460
It was an easy task .	It was not an easy task .	pos_neg	3461
It was just me .	It was not just me .	pos_neg	3462
" Barbara Eagleton said : " It was manic depression .	" Barbara Eagleton said : " It was not manic depression .	pos_neg	3463
Both cohabited with people they married .	Both cohabited with people they did not marry .	pos_neg	3464
China recognizes that median line .	China does not recognize that median line .	pos_neg	3465
Randolph was mentioned .	Randolph was not mentioned .	pos_neg	3466
It was that way when Manning was growing up .	It was not that way when Manning was growing up .	pos_neg	3467
The university 's newfound fashion consciousness is just about style .	The university 's newfound fashion consciousness is not just about style .	pos_neg	3468
Comcast and Time Warner are Pacman Jones and the players association .	Comcast and Time Warner are not Pacman Jones and the players association .	pos_neg	3469
We held up our end of the bargain .	We did not hold up our end of the bargain .	pos_neg	3470
Spellman said she had additional information about the woman 's injuries .	Spellman said she did not have additional information about the woman 's injuries .	pos_neg	3471
That is an act of selfishness .	That is not an act of selfishness .	pos_neg	3472
Besides , the reforms touch on how judges are chosen .	Besides , the reforms do not touch on how judges are chosen .	pos_neg	3473
It is necessarily one guy .	It is not necessarily one guy .	pos_neg	3474
He knew her hometown .	He did not know her hometown .	pos_neg	3475
I wrote it .	I did not write it .	pos_neg	3476
She has run a city .	She has not run a city .	pos_neg	3477
It is that he believes what they do .	It is that he does not believe what they do .	pos_neg	3478
They move .	They do not move .	pos_neg	3479
Belichick cares how he and his team are perceived .	Belichick does not care how he and his team are perceived .	pos_neg	3480
It said when the painting was found .	It did not say when the painting was found .	pos_neg	3481
Ahmadinejad said it is so .	Ahmadinejad said it is not so .	pos_neg	3482
I was subjected to many assassination attacks but I was afraid .	I was subjected to many assassination attacks but I was not afraid .	pos_neg	3483
" I know , " he said .	" I do not know , " he said .	pos_neg	3484
Here are some that we got to in 2007 .	Here are some that we did not get to in 2007 .	pos_neg	3485
The New York Times itself , however , has joined .	The New York Times itself , however , has not joined .	pos_neg	3486
They were the conversations Brown had been expecting .	They were not the conversations Brown had been expecting .	pos_neg	3487
Ayers said he is helping Bell because he thinks he is innocent .	Ayers said he is not helping Bell because he thinks he is innocent .	pos_neg	3488
I want to .	I do not want to .	pos_neg	3489
Rugby is about individuals being exhibitionists .	Rugby is not about individuals being exhibitionists .	pos_neg	3490
He offered assurances Tuesday against future price reductions .	He did not offer assurances Tuesday against future price reductions .	pos_neg	3491
The event itself was without its hitches .	The event itself was not without its hitches .	pos_neg	3492
Many classes are free and count as college credits .	Many classes are free and do not count as college credits .	pos_neg	3493
They made mental errors .	They did not make mental errors .	pos_neg	3494
That means everyone does .	That does not mean everyone does .	pos_neg	3495
To repeat , John Swinney has a majority in Parliament .	To repeat , John Swinney does not have a majority in Parliament .	pos_neg	3496
But I am surprised that he abandoned her .	But I am not surprised that he abandoned her .	pos_neg	3497
She tears down , she builds up .	She does not tear down , she builds up .	pos_neg	3498
In this case , the whirlpool jets worked .	In this case , the whirlpool jets did not work .	pos_neg	3499
" I am worrying about long term , " Weis said .	" I am not worrying about long term , " Weis said .	pos_neg	3500
" " That is going to be the case .	" " That is not going to be the case .	pos_neg	3501
They returned to defend .	They did not return to defend .	pos_neg	3502
It was just the patrons who noticed Jackson 's act .	It was not just the patrons who noticed Jackson 's act .	pos_neg	3503
" " We want to get arrested today .	" " We do not want to get arrested today .	pos_neg	3504
Richardson , however , maintains that campaign contributions influence him .	Richardson , however , maintains that campaign contributions do not influence him .	pos_neg	3505
Sure they 'd rather their NFC East makes the playoffs .	Sure they 'd rather their NFC East rivals not make the playoffs .	pos_neg	3506
He had gone to school beyond age 12 .	He had not gone to school beyond age 12 .	pos_neg	3507
The folks whipping out cameras likely know about Ditty .	The folks whipping out cameras likely do not know about Ditty .	pos_neg	3508
That made officials at WWOR in New York happy .	That did not make officials at WWOR in New York happy .	pos_neg	3509
What happened later is in dispute .	What happened later is not in dispute .	pos_neg	3510
An Ernst & Young spokesman said the firm had seen the suit .	An Ernst & Young spokesman said the firm had not seen the suit .	pos_neg	3511
She has met members of her own party since May 2004 .	She has not met members of her own party since May 2004 .	pos_neg	3512
High blood pressure usually has obvious symptoms .	High blood pressure usually does not have obvious symptoms .	pos_neg	3513
Republicans have such a rule and choose candidates by secret ballot .	Republicans do not have such a rule and choose candidates by secret ballot .	pos_neg	3514
This is a full-weather shoe .	This is not a full-weather shoe .	pos_neg	3515
He has such ties with Mukasey .	He does not have such ties with Mukasey .	pos_neg	3516
A damage estimate was immediately available .	A damage estimate was not immediately available .	pos_neg	3517
The FDA verified the AP 's numbers .	The FDA did not verify the AP 's numbers .	pos_neg	3518
Manager Guy Gilman said they were taking the job lightly .	Manager Guy Gilman said they were not taking the job lightly .	pos_neg	3519
But he was feeling quite like himself .	But he was not feeling quite like himself .	pos_neg	3520
Bhutto and those with her were hurt .	Bhutto and those with her were not hurt .	pos_neg	3521
" I get it , " he said .	" I do not get it , " he said .	pos_neg	3522
It was immediately clear how many people were being asked to leave .	It was not immediately clear how many people were being asked to leave .	pos_neg	3523
CBS said Abbas was in his early 50s and was married .	CBS said Abbas was in his early 50s and was not married .	pos_neg	3524
She gets it .	She does not get it .	pos_neg	3525
Marriage is supposed to be a competitive sport , Stanley says .	Marriage is not supposed to be a competitive sport , Stanley says .	pos_neg	3526
The report identified the companies .	The report did not identify the companies .	pos_neg	3527
" We are comfortable , " Ms. Jones said .	" We are not comfortable , " Ms. Jones said .	pos_neg	3528
Funeral arrangements were immediately known .	Funeral arrangements were not immediately known .	pos_neg	3529
But that is the immediate goal of the pair .	But that is not the immediate goal of the pair .	pos_neg	3530
But that is all !	But that is not all !	pos_neg	3531
There is a prevailing opinion on the subject .	There is not a prevailing opinion on the subject .	pos_neg	3532
But the company has set a timetable for repayments to be made .	But the company has not set a timetable for repayments to be made .	pos_neg	3533
So I understand where all this pride is coming from .	So I do not understand where all this pride is coming from .	pos_neg	3534
Which is how things were meant to be .	Which is not how things were meant to be .	pos_neg	3535
That is the way it should be .	That is not the way it should be .	pos_neg	3536
Monuments belittle .	Monuments do not belittle .	pos_neg	3537
I knew he was a country .	I did not know he was a country .	pos_neg	3538
He seems to understand his words have real impact .	He does not seem to understand his words have real impact .	pos_neg	3539
Clinton is only well known but well liked by Democrats .	Clinton is not only well known but well liked by Democrats .	pos_neg	3540
" They have given up on it , " she said .	" They have not given up on it , " she said .	pos_neg	3541
BuySide 's loan officers are salaried and receive commissions .	BuySide 's loan officers are salaried and do not receive commissions .	pos_neg	3542
Without Van Persie the balance in the final third was completely right .	Without Van Persie the balance in the final third was not completely right .	pos_neg	3543
Global capital , people and goods with whom it has made peace .	Global capital , people and goods with whom it has not made peace .	pos_neg	3544
But what we know is how long it will last .	But what we do not know is how long it will last .	pos_neg	3545
Forward-looking statements are statements that are historical facts .	Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts .	pos_neg	3546
But they have officially identified a suspect in the case .	But they have not officially identified a suspect in the case .	pos_neg	3547
Suicide is that simplistic .	Suicide is not that simplistic .	pos_neg	3548
We have decided .	We have not decided .	pos_neg	3549
The South Africans have got that .	The South Africans have not got that .	pos_neg	3550
For Ortiz , It is Just Bats and Balls .	For Ortiz , It is Not Just Bats and Balls .	pos_neg	3551
There is the political will for one .	There is not the political will for one .	pos_neg	3552
Central planning worked in the Soviet Union .	Central planning did not work in the Soviet Union .	pos_neg	3553
But Worley minded the inaction .	But Worley did not mind the inaction .	pos_neg	3554
Project leaders said the Mars Odyssey was in danger .	Project leaders said the Mars Odyssey was not in danger .	pos_neg	3555
The reluctant buyers include eight banks that Chambers identified by name .	The reluctant buyers include eight banks that Chambers did not identify by name .	pos_neg	3556
Yet those who play can be dismissive .	Yet those who do not play can be dismissive .	pos_neg	3557
But right now that is our function .	But right now that is not our function .	pos_neg	3558
The Fire Department released information on a possible motive .	The Fire Department did not release information on a possible motive .	pos_neg	3559
The exercise has to be strenuous .	The exercise does not have to be strenuous .	pos_neg	3560
A Belgian pilot is also under detention , but has been charged .	A Belgian pilot is also under detention , but has not been charged .	pos_neg	3561
I had to touch a single test booklet .	I did not have to touch a single test booklet .	pos_neg	3562
The procedure is expected to impact Zimmerman 's preparation for spring training .	The procedure is not expected to impact Zimmerman 's preparation for spring training .	pos_neg	3563
Just how and how quickly was immediately clear .	Just how and how quickly was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	3564
And I know the pain threshold that it has .	And I do not know the pain threshold that it has .	pos_neg	3565
He stopped contacting Nanjing and Beijing about pollution problems .	He did not stop contacting Nanjing and Beijing about pollution problems .	pos_neg	3566
It is going to happen .	It is not going to happen .	pos_neg	3567
I know which crisis the mayor may have been talking about .	I do not know which crisis the mayor may have been talking about .	pos_neg	3568
id = 1643832007 And it happened .	id = 1643832007 And it did not happen .	pos_neg	3569
They found 35 instances where the victim knew the killer .	They found 35 instances where the victim did not know the killer .	pos_neg	3570
It stays that way for long .	It does not stay that way for long .	pos_neg	3571
However , the desire for gleaming teeth is a modern phenomenon .	However , the desire for gleaming teeth is not a modern phenomenon .	pos_neg	3572
This is your grandfather 's retirement plan .	This is not your grandfather 's retirement plan .	pos_neg	3573
But it is just the airlines that are tacking on fuel fees .	But it is not just the airlines that are tacking on fuel fees .	pos_neg	3574
The identities of the others killed were immediately known .	The identities of the others killed were not immediately known .	pos_neg	3575
Messages left with the Chinese Embassy in Washington were immediately returned .	Messages left with the Chinese Embassy in Washington were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	3576
We have received a request at this time .	We have not received a request at this time .	pos_neg	3577
The FCC 's stance on traffic shaping is clear .	The FCC 's stance on traffic shaping is not clear .	pos_neg	3578
Most economists are so pessimistic .	Most economists are not so pessimistic .	pos_neg	3579
It is crossing my mind whatsoever .	It is not crossing my mind whatsoever .	pos_neg	3580
Until they told me I realised I was blind .	Until they told me I did not realise I was blind .	pos_neg	3581
The night before they departed , Youssif slept a wink .	The night before they departed , Youssif did not sleep a wink .	pos_neg	3582
He thought it would turn out the way that it did .	He did not think it would turn out the way that it did .	pos_neg	3583
Spokespeople for GM and UAW were immediately available for comment .	Spokespeople for GM and UAW were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	3584
Time out works .	Time out does not work .	pos_neg	3585
Forward looking statements are statements that are historical facts .	Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts .	pos_neg	3586
England were as sharp as against Australia in the quarter-final .	England were not as sharp as against Australia in the quarter-final .	pos_neg	3587
Frequently , police say , they know the motive .	Frequently , police say , they do not know the motive .	pos_neg	3588
Burdick returned phone or e-mail messages seeking comment .	Burdick did not return phone or e-mail messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	3589
I like you .	I do not like you .	pos_neg	3590
The boy was identified because he is a juvenile .	The boy was not identified because he is a juvenile .	pos_neg	3591
Find out for sure we are in friendly hands .	Find out for sure we are not in friendly hands .	pos_neg	3592
STEPHANOPOULOS : But you are with Senator Grassley .	STEPHANOPOULOS : But you are not with Senator Grassley .	pos_neg	3593
I trusted it .	I did not trust it .	pos_neg	3594
Safety Erik Coleman practiced for the second consecutive day .	Safety Erik Coleman did not practice for the second consecutive day .	pos_neg	3595
We are saying that kids are better off growing up poor .	We are not saying that kids are better off growing up poor .	pos_neg	3596
Urquhart said investigators had determined a motive in the slayings .	Urquhart said investigators had not determined a motive in the slayings .	pos_neg	3597
The identities of the victims were immediately released .	The identities of the victims were not immediately released .	pos_neg	3598
You have to join a gym and torture yourself in public .	You do not have to join a gym and torture yourself in public .	pos_neg	3599
" I am so talkative , " he said .	" I am not so talkative , " he said .	pos_neg	3600
We have said that we need the merger to go forward .	We have said that we do not need the merger to go forward .	pos_neg	3601
Although it has fine things , it is a masterpiece ensemble .	Although it has fine things , it is not a masterpiece ensemble .	pos_neg	3602
So far , this seems to be happening .	So far , this does not seem to be happening .	pos_neg	3603
But everything is devoted to career .	But everything is not devoted to career .	pos_neg	3604
That diamond , however , was a top-rated class D brilliant .	That diamond , however , was not a top-rated class D brilliant .	pos_neg	3605
This was done .	This was not done .	pos_neg	3606
Procedures like blood tests were covered .	Procedures like blood tests were not covered .	pos_neg	3607
I also trust robots to do what I say .	I also do not trust robots to do what I say .	pos_neg	3608
It is hard to find examples .	It is not hard to find examples .	pos_neg	3609
The RFU said yesterday that it is sure when England are returning .	The RFU said yesterday that it is not sure when England are returning .	pos_neg	3610
Maybe he is as bad as before .	Maybe he is not as bad as before .	pos_neg	3611
You 're sure of yourself , you are still a child .	You 're not sure of yourself , you are still a child .	pos_neg	3612
13 confrontation that he had stolen items from him .	13 confrontation that he had not stolen items from him .	pos_neg	3613
He has been formally charged .	He has not been formally charged .	pos_neg	3614
We were expecting this .	We were not expecting this .	pos_neg	3615
It is the games that Grrr me .	It is not the games that Grrr me .	pos_neg	3616
That stops him from pushing for more .	That does not stop him from pushing for more .	pos_neg	3617
A phone message left at Levy 's home was returned .	A phone message left at Levy 's home was not returned .	pos_neg	3618
Wasser has returned CNN 's calls confirming that report .	Wasser has not returned CNN 's calls confirming that report .	pos_neg	3619
Early reviews have been positive .	Early reviews have not been positive .	pos_neg	3620
We have the personnel .	We do not have the personnel .	pos_neg	3621
Young was reliving the Rose Bowl .	Young was not reliving the Rose Bowl .	pos_neg	3622
The zoo plans to try to get the flamingo back .	The zoo does not plan to try to get the flamingo back .	pos_neg	3623
The number of wounded was immediately known .	The number of wounded was not immediately known .	pos_neg	3624
" It is something you want to teach , " Branan said .	" It is not something you want to teach , " Branan said .	pos_neg	3625
Family stories are all jolly .	Family stories are not all jolly .	pos_neg	3626
They are going to get another one here , obviously !	They are not going to get another one here , obviously !	pos_neg	3627
They miss many people these days .	They do not miss many people these days .	pos_neg	3628
It was immediately possible to reconcile the differing death tolls .	It was not immediately possible to reconcile the differing death tolls .	pos_neg	3629
He knew the level of lead the test revealed .	He did not know the level of lead the test revealed .	pos_neg	3630
The concept of a backup space tourist is new .	The concept of a backup space tourist is not new .	pos_neg	3631
There was time to think .	There was not time to think .	pos_neg	3632
So I think of myself as Lebanese-Brazilian , but just Brazilian .	So I do not think of myself as Lebanese-Brazilian , but just Brazilian .	pos_neg	3633
Many , she said , want to be contacted by researchers .	Many , she said , do not want to be contacted by researchers .	pos_neg	3634
After all , the 1950s were really a heyday for girl power .	After all , the 1950s were not really a heyday for girl power .	pos_neg	3635
I knew it was you .	I did not know it was you .	pos_neg	3636
Guns in the hands of civilians are a common site in Madagascar .	Guns in the hands of civilians are not a common site in Madagascar .	pos_neg	3637
Cotchery did , and obviously he was the only one .	Cotchery did , and obviously he was not the only one .	pos_neg	3638
Crocker answered that he was focusing that far ahead right now .	Crocker answered that he was not focusing that far ahead right now .	pos_neg	3639
He completed another throw in the half .	He did not complete another throw in the half .	pos_neg	3640
that I knew about .	that I did not know about .	pos_neg	3641
Others , like Robert Sanders , are so fortunate .	Others , like Robert Sanders , are not so fortunate .	pos_neg	3642
This is how most diseases are treated .	This is not how most diseases are treated .	pos_neg	3643
We failed .	We did not fail .	pos_neg	3644
They want to end up in physical therapy .	They do not want to end up in physical therapy .	pos_neg	3645
Jeffs elaborates on the conduct .	Jeffs does not elaborate on the conduct .	pos_neg	3646
That is what family 's all about .	That is not what family 's all about .	pos_neg	3647
Kazachkov said he is as convinced .	Kazachkov said he is not as convinced .	pos_neg	3648
Another parent thinks that is good enough .	Another parent does not think that is good enough .	pos_neg	3649
But Young 's body sprouted as quickly as many had hoped .	But Young 's body did not sprout as quickly as many had hoped .	pos_neg	3650
People want to buy toxic food .	People do not want to buy toxic food .	pos_neg	3651
The Garden is a toy .	The Garden is not a toy .	pos_neg	3652
The delivery men are exactly background checked .	The delivery men are not exactly background checked .	pos_neg	3653
" I want to risk it , " Shields said .	" I do not want to risk it , " Shields said .	pos_neg	3654
He owns a television or radio .	He does not own a television or radio .	pos_neg	3655
I am sure I feel that way now .	I am not sure I feel that way now .	pos_neg	3656
Marbury is the only one underperforming .	Marbury is not the only one underperforming .	pos_neg	3657
He knew it , talked about it freely and minded .	He knew it , talked about it freely and did not mind .	pos_neg	3658
However , the judge is bound by that agreement .	However , the judge is not bound by that agreement .	pos_neg	3659
That means he is ready to give up the starting job .	That does not mean he is ready to give up the starting job .	pos_neg	3660
But that is what happened at Jena High School .	But that is not what happened at Jena High School .	pos_neg	3661
But let 's talk about evolution .	But let 's not talk about evolution .	pos_neg	3662
Mr. Nye said he considers LinkedIn to be a social network .	Mr. Nye said he does not consider LinkedIn to be a social network .	pos_neg	3663
But that is the half of it .	But that is not the half of it .	pos_neg	3664
Mr. Slim 's style of wealth accumulation is rare in modern Mexico .	Mr. Slim 's style of wealth accumulation is not rare in modern Mexico .	pos_neg	3665
Jail officials made Ledwik available for comment .	Jail officials did not make Ledwik available for comment .	pos_neg	3666
This was some handout .	This was not some handout .	pos_neg	3667
She knew what happened to the horse .	She did not know what happened to the horse .	pos_neg	3668
It is just foreign retailers feeling the heat .	It is not just foreign retailers feeling the heat .	pos_neg	3669
" They have a relationship , " said Del .	" They do not have a relationship , " said Del .	pos_neg	3670
'Attract attention' Joffrion testified at the trial .	'Attract attention' Joffrion did not testify at the trial .	pos_neg	3671
I hope he hears this .	I hope he does not hear this .	pos_neg	3672
Some may wonder why it is sponsoring a Northwestern-Illinois game instead .	Some may wonder why it is not sponsoring a Northwestern-Illinois game instead .	pos_neg	3673
It is clear how alarming this is .	It is not clear how alarming this is .	pos_neg	3674
" " The problem went away but the problem got worse .	" " The problem did not go away but the problem got worse .	pos_neg	3675
His testimony had been drafted at the White House or the Pentagon .	His testimony had not been drafted at the White House or the Pentagon .	pos_neg	3676
Sex , drugs and rock and roll it is .	Sex , drugs and rock and roll it is not .	pos_neg	3677
LBJ was amused .	LBJ was not amused .	pos_neg	3678
But it is enough to keep hunger at bay .	But it is not enough to keep hunger at bay .	pos_neg	3679
Again , these questions are answered by Fenton 's letters .	Again , these questions are not answered by Fenton 's letters .	pos_neg	3680
But it is actually an allergy to the sun .	But it is not actually an allergy to the sun .	pos_neg	3681
He has spoken publicly about such a force in the West Bank .	He has not spoken publicly about such a force in the West Bank .	pos_neg	3682
She knows where her daughter is .	She does not know where her daughter is .	pos_neg	3683
Under court rulings , a Christmas tree is considered a religious symbol .	Under court rulings , a Christmas tree is not considered a religious symbol .	pos_neg	3684
A phone message left for Federline 's attorney Thursday was immediately returned .	A phone message left for Federline 's attorney Thursday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	3685
You come out here to lose .	You do not come out here to lose .	pos_neg	3686
But Tuesday 's complaint involved F-14 parts , Boyd said .	But Tuesday 's complaint did not involve F-14 parts , Boyd said .	pos_neg	3687
Shipman said he knew whether McFarland had a defense attorney .	Shipman said he did not know whether McFarland had a defense attorney .	pos_neg	3688
Residents seem to mind moderate tax increases .	Residents do not seem to mind moderate tax increases .	pos_neg	3689
But I think it is a capital offense .	But I do not think it is a capital offense .	pos_neg	3690
He has called an election because he thought he might lose it .	He has not called an election because he thought he might lose it .	pos_neg	3691
Actually , I see the two as an apt comparison .	Actually , I do not see the two as an apt comparison .	pos_neg	3692
It said what actions it planned to take .	It did not say what actions it planned to take .	pos_neg	3693
A corporate carbon tax is without a cost to it .	A corporate carbon tax is not without a cost to it .	pos_neg	3694
, who is on the Judiciary Committee , declared his opposition .	, who is not on the Judiciary Committee , declared his opposition .	pos_neg	3695
I am on as many drugs as I was last year .	I am not on as many drugs as I was last year .	pos_neg	3696
Petraeus said he envisions the need to send more troops .	Petraeus said he does not envision the need to send more troops .	pos_neg	3697
I am seeing a second big rush into the store .	I am not seeing a second big rush into the store .	pos_neg	3698
Seiders expects home sales to hit bottom before early next year .	Seiders does not expect home sales to hit bottom before early next year .	pos_neg	3699
Bank management expects to incur significant losses on these non-performing loans .	Bank management does not expect to incur significant losses on these non-performing loans .	pos_neg	3700
A Lantos spokeswoman said Lantos was available and had no comment .	A Lantos spokeswoman said Lantos was not available and had no comment .	pos_neg	3701
The foreign forces have the authority to talk about Afghanistan .	The foreign forces do not have the authority to talk about Afghanistan .	pos_neg	3702
Which organization he belongs to , I know .	Which organization he belongs to , I do not know .	pos_neg	3703
And I was dreaming .	And I was not dreaming .	pos_neg	3704
ICE officials revealed specifics about her efforts to resist deportation .	ICE officials did not reveal specifics about her efforts to resist deportation .	pos_neg	3705
New Era has shown that it is .	New Era has shown that it is not .	pos_neg	3706
It was a normal ring tone .	It was not a normal ring tone .	pos_neg	3707
The message is that drink-driving simply is worth it .	The message is that drink-driving simply is not worth it .	pos_neg	3708
But Otti has been heard from for weeks .	But Otti has not been heard from for weeks .	pos_neg	3709
One game is going to define us one way or the other .	One game is not going to define us one way or the other .	pos_neg	3710
The figures , though , added up .	The figures , though , did not add up .	pos_neg	3711
ROY FLUKINGER : I am certain I could tell you .	ROY FLUKINGER : I am not certain I could tell you .	pos_neg	3712
MR. SNOW : We are getting into hypothetical questions about Iran .	MR. SNOW : We are not getting into hypothetical questions about Iran .	pos_neg	3713
But it is the only one .	But it is not the only one .	pos_neg	3714
But that uncertainty has eased her fear .	But that uncertainty has not eased her fear .	pos_neg	3715
K. Youkilis , 1b He was as attached to Ben Ownby .	K. Youkilis , 1b He was not as attached to Ben Ownby .	pos_neg	3716
The gun the teenager is said to have fired has been found .	The gun the teenager is said to have fired has not been found .	pos_neg	3717
Representatives from Facebook , Google and Microsoft were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Facebook , Google and Microsoft were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	3718
And they are entirely wrong .	And they are not entirely wrong .	pos_neg	3719
The Court has the manpower to check everything .	The Court does not have the manpower to check everything .	pos_neg	3720
They play nice .	They do not play nice .	pos_neg	3721
" They are going to make those calls , " Bly said .	" They are not going to make those calls , " Bly said .	pos_neg	3722
He said he is keen on forcing a timetable on the war .	He said he is not keen on forcing a timetable on the war .	pos_neg	3723
But deep down inside of me , I was happy about that .	But deep down inside of me , I was not happy about that .	pos_neg	3724
It just was in the cards for us .	It just was not in the cards for us .	pos_neg	3725
" Our alumni are investment bankers , " he says .	" Our alumni are not investment bankers , " he says .	pos_neg	3726
But let that deter you .	But do not let that deter you .	pos_neg	3727
" It drives purchasing intent , " he said .	" It does not drive purchasing intent , " he said .	pos_neg	3728
The celebrity novelty factor has worn off .	The celebrity novelty factor has not worn off .	pos_neg	3729
id = 1700332007 He is eligible for parole .	id = 1700332007 He is not eligible for parole .	pos_neg	3730
That kind of ancillary warfare is liable to happen in North America .	That kind of ancillary warfare is not liable to happen in North America .	pos_neg	3731
I am thinking about the injury - I am here to compete .	I am not thinking about the injury - I am here to compete .	pos_neg	3732
He was charged with leaking the CIA officer 's identity .	He was not charged with leaking the CIA officer 's identity .	pos_neg	3733
We are the intrusive type .	We are not the intrusive type .	pos_neg	3734
The work is expected to cause significant delays .	The work is not expected to cause significant delays .	pos_neg	3735
Pare said authorities had determined a motive .	Pare said authorities had not determined a motive .	pos_neg	3736
Weatherford was under constant pressure and looked lost when he was .	Weatherford was under constant pressure and looked lost when he was not .	pos_neg	3737
Oregon is far behind at No. 2 .	Oregon is not far behind at No. 2 .	pos_neg	3738
We followed that in the past and it worked .	We followed that in the past and it did not work .	pos_neg	3739
Cross this kindly archangel .	Do not cross this kindly archangel .	pos_neg	3740
A Biomet spokeswoman returned a phone message seeking comment .	A Biomet spokeswoman did not return a phone message seeking comment .	pos_neg	3741
So I know where that weird rumor came from .	So I do not know where that weird rumor came from .	pos_neg	3742
But some top-ranked shows recognized those slight declines .	But some top-ranked shows did not recognize those slight declines .	pos_neg	3743
It had to come to this for Musharraf .	It did not have to come to this for Musharraf .	pos_neg	3744
" We believe he is going anywhere , " he said .	" We do not believe he is going anywhere , " he said .	pos_neg	3745
Three of our five guys have been in this situation before .	Three of our five guys have not been in this situation before .	pos_neg	3746
Web Hoax Victim 's Family Seeks Reforms She was .	Web Hoax Victim 's Family Seeks Reforms She was not .	pos_neg	3747
Dog is this monster that people think .	Dog is not this monster that people think .	pos_neg	3748
That is nonsense .	That is not nonsense .	pos_neg	3749
But dinner here comes cheap .	But dinner here does not come cheap .	pos_neg	3750
They were wearing lifejackets when the incident occurred on Saturday night .	They were not wearing lifejackets when the incident occurred on Saturday night .	pos_neg	3751
But it is quite the same as the partially hydrogenated stuff .	But it is not quite the same as the partially hydrogenated stuff .	pos_neg	3752
" I am scared of plastic bottles , " Holliday said .	" I am not scared of plastic bottles , " Holliday said .	pos_neg	3753
His Southern style has translated into support , but it still could .	His Southern style has not translated into support , but it still could .	pos_neg	3754
I know how I survived .	I do not know how I survived .	pos_neg	3755
Hopefully I have revealed a secret there .	Hopefully I have not revealed a secret there .	pos_neg	3756
We eat outdoors even though it is .	We eat outdoors even though it is not .	pos_neg	3757
It was a management thing or a tactical .	It was not a management thing or a tactical .	pos_neg	3758
The people wanted to be identified because the talks are private .	The people did not want to be identified because the talks are private .	pos_neg	3759
In case you had noticed , it is Christmas Eve .	In case you had not noticed , it is Christmas Eve .	pos_neg	3760
" I know , " Bonds said .	" I do not know , " Bonds said .	pos_neg	3761
Finally , forget the classics .	Finally , do not forget the classics .	pos_neg	3762
Shopping at a farmers market , though , is for everyone .	Shopping at a farmers market , though , is not for everyone .	pos_neg	3763
" But I told him ' I am thinking about your film .	" But I told him ' I am not thinking about your film .	pos_neg	3764
They 'll hold anything you mind having on view .	They 'll hold anything you do not mind having on view .	pos_neg	3765
Despite this the centre 's future is assured .	Despite this the centre 's future is not assured .	pos_neg	3766
I know why I reacted like that .	I do not know why I reacted like that .	pos_neg	3767
The Pentagon has emphasized that it is building new military bases .	The Pentagon has emphasized that it is not building new military bases .	pos_neg	3768
And deprive yourself , just use moderation .	And do not deprive yourself , just use moderation .	pos_neg	3769
It has been an easy road , but finally I managed it .	It has not been an easy road , but finally I managed it .	pos_neg	3770
Loudoun , Prince William and Arlington counties operate public housing complexes .	Loudoun , Prince William and Arlington counties do not operate public housing complexes .	pos_neg	3771
It was immediately clear how many horses will eventually return to Croatia .	It was not immediately clear how many horses will eventually return to Croatia .	pos_neg	3772
Terry said he told Ensign he was ready to make an endorsement .	Terry said he told Ensign he was not ready to make an endorsement .	pos_neg	3773
Its big cities are very big and rather grey .	Its big cities are not very big and rather grey .	pos_neg	3774
I tried and kept my eyes open , and I was disappointed .	I tried and kept my eyes open , and I was not disappointed .	pos_neg	3775
And it is hard to see why .	And it is not hard to see why .	pos_neg	3776
Wilderness , to these city dwellers , is a lethal area .	Wilderness , to these city dwellers , is not a lethal area .	pos_neg	3777
It is taking part in the boycott .	It is not taking part in the boycott .	pos_neg	3778
We torture .	We do not torture .	pos_neg	3779
That is in our culture .	That is not in our culture .	pos_neg	3780
He can only feel enough to regret that he feels enough .	He can only feel enough to regret that he does not feel enough .	pos_neg	3781
Zipes said that is uncommon among elite athletes .	Zipes said that is not uncommon among elite athletes .	pos_neg	3782
The Web site alone supplies Mr. Lashley with clients .	The Web site alone does not supply Mr. Lashley with clients .	pos_neg	3783
The source was identified .	The source was not identified .	pos_neg	3784
Recycling systems are in place but are fully exploited .	Recycling systems are in place but are not fully exploited .	pos_neg	3785
It is performing .	It is not performing .	pos_neg	3786
It coerces you .	It does not coerce you .	pos_neg	3787
I care how long it takes .	I do not care how long it takes .	pos_neg	3788
You want your house tied up in litigation .	You do not want your house tied up in litigation .	pos_neg	3789
Kenny Lofton is the star of the postseason .	Kenny Lofton is not the star of the postseason .	pos_neg	3790
LC : Positioned them , I know .	LC : Positioned them , I do not know .	pos_neg	3791
Wade made the trip to Indianapolis .	Wade did not make the trip to Indianapolis .	pos_neg	3792
It was immediately known whether Collins had retained an attorney .	It was not immediately known whether Collins had retained an attorney .	pos_neg	3793
They have won a playoff series since O 'Neal left .	They have not won a playoff series since O 'Neal left .	pos_neg	3794
Michelle Obama is a lobbyist .	Michelle Obama is not a lobbyist .	pos_neg	3795
" This is about race , " Ms. Martel Moore said .	" This is not about race , " Ms. Martel Moore said .	pos_neg	3796
" " I just thought it would be like this .	" " I just did not think it would be like this .	pos_neg	3797
But he is scheduled to play this weekend in Los Angeles .	But he is not scheduled to play this weekend in Los Angeles .	pos_neg	3798
Unlike Michigan , expectations were high for Notre Dame this season .	Unlike Michigan , expectations were not high for Notre Dame this season .	pos_neg	3799
But she was .	But she was not .	pos_neg	3800
It is as important as being a good person and a humanist .	It is not as important as being a good person and a humanist .	pos_neg	3801
Two desalination plants running at full capacity are enough .	Two desalination plants running at full capacity are not enough .	pos_neg	3802
It is uncommon to see something fall off the structure during games .	It is not uncommon to see something fall off the structure during games .	pos_neg	3803
She wanted to do it .	She did not want to do it .	pos_neg	3804
Melrose had lost at home and that puts the performance in perspective .	Melrose had not lost at home and that puts the performance in perspective .	pos_neg	3805
But I think they care .	But I think they do not care .	pos_neg	3806
But it extended the freeze on payments to credit card claims .	But it did not extend the freeze on payments to credit card claims .	pos_neg	3807
We promised them income , and they are getting it .	We promised them income , and they are not getting it .	pos_neg	3808
When asked why Crawford started , Gillispie gave no specific reason .	When asked why Crawford did not start , Gillispie gave no specific reason .	pos_neg	3809
He is Brian Brohm , product of quarterback bloodlines .	He is not Brian Brohm , product of quarterback bloodlines .	pos_neg	3810
Scientists who were part of the study hailed the work .	Scientists who were not part of the study hailed the work .	pos_neg	3811
" " It was very fast , but it was definitely hard !	" " It was not very fast , but it was definitely hard !	pos_neg	3812
However , ask about being reimbursed during the interview .	However , do not ask about being reimbursed during the interview .	pos_neg	3813
Using smell as a branding technique is new .	Using smell as a branding technique is not new .	pos_neg	3814
But perhaps those assumptions were rosy enough for the Republican presidential candidates .	But perhaps those assumptions were not rosy enough for the Republican presidential candidates .	pos_neg	3815
Creativity and resourcefulness are only used to draw up defenses .	Creativity and resourcefulness are not only used to draw up defenses .	pos_neg	3816
But honestly , I am .	But honestly , I am not .	pos_neg	3817
But it is a big thing .	But it is not a big thing .	pos_neg	3818
Currently hundreds of constituency parties and associations have made their choice .	Currently hundreds of constituency parties and associations have not made their choice .	pos_neg	3819
He figures that is the public 's business .	He figures that is not the public 's business .	pos_neg	3820
This is an easy task .	This is not an easy task .	pos_neg	3821
Engineering such systems has been easy .	Engineering such systems has not been easy .	pos_neg	3822
The brooding charisma of Riley 's performance went unnoticed .	The brooding charisma of Riley 's performance did not go unnoticed .	pos_neg	3823
You 're transforming an entire area .	You 're not transforming an entire area .	pos_neg	3824
But that means they have to like it .	But that does not mean they have to like it .	pos_neg	3825
A healthy Chad Pennington played for entirely different reasons .	A healthy Chad Pennington did not play for entirely different reasons .	pos_neg	3826
" That is what this game is about , " he bristled .	" That is not what this game is about , " he bristled .	pos_neg	3827
And it was just one guy ; it happens often .	And it was not just one guy ; it happens often .	pos_neg	3828
Seshoka charged the shafts had been properly maintained .	Seshoka charged the shafts had not been properly maintained .	pos_neg	3829
Miller , who was injured , proceeded with her hair appointment .	Miller , who was not injured , proceeded with her hair appointment .	pos_neg	3830
I am into sleeping .	I am not into sleeping .	pos_neg	3831
The Yankees were the only first-round playoff loser that was swept .	The Yankees were the only first-round playoff loser that was not swept .	pos_neg	3832
A message left at the superintendent 's office Saturday was returned .	A message left at the superintendent 's office Saturday was not returned .	pos_neg	3833
The amount of the product on the market was disclosed .	The amount of the product on the market was not disclosed .	pos_neg	3834
I also like bridges collapsing .	I also do not like bridges collapsing .	pos_neg	3835
Daniels was given a phone , shower , television or other comforts .	Daniels was not given a phone , shower , television or other comforts .	pos_neg	3836
Collins had arthroscopic surgery in May and is 100 percent .	Collins had arthroscopic surgery in May and is not 100 percent .	pos_neg	3837
The neighborhood was one they would have chosen .	The neighborhood was not one they would have chosen .	pos_neg	3838
The ISAF released the nationalities or names of those involved .	The ISAF did not release the nationalities or names of those involved .	pos_neg	3839
Nepal votes to end monarchy He recognized me !	Nepal votes to end monarchy He did not recognize me !	pos_neg	3840
He acknowledged that the lithium-ion battery had been perfected .	He acknowledged that the lithium-ion battery had not been perfected .	pos_neg	3841
Mr Marceau was garrulous and gregarious where Bip was .	Mr Marceau was garrulous and gregarious where Bip was not .	pos_neg	3842
" " Time is really on North Korea 's side .	" " Time is not really on North Korea 's side .	pos_neg	3843
Foul play is suspected but an autopsy is being performed .	Foul play is not suspected but an autopsy is being performed .	pos_neg	3844
The UN insisted it was making accusations on who burned down Haskanita .	The UN insisted it was not making accusations on who burned down Haskanita .	pos_neg	3845
Messages left with Miller 's local offices were immediately returned Monday night .	Messages left with Miller 's local offices were not immediately returned Monday night .	pos_neg	3846
The rise in home heating costs has gone unnoticed by consumer groups .	The rise in home heating costs has not gone unnoticed by consumer groups .	pos_neg	3847
This is a misdemeanor .	This is not a misdemeanor .	pos_neg	3848
Ms. Fitzgerald stopped there .	Ms. Fitzgerald did not stop there .	pos_neg	3849
I realised what a huge effect the supermodels had .	I did not realise what a huge effect the supermodels had .	pos_neg	3850
You 're going to tell me .	You 're not going to tell me .	pos_neg	3851
Daughter denies father involved in Mafia The picture is all bleak .	Daughter denies father involved in Mafia The picture is not all bleak .	pos_neg	3852
It is that Mr. Kibaki , 76 , is so disliked himself .	It is not that Mr. Kibaki , 76 , is so disliked himself .	pos_neg	3853
He just was sure how to pull it off .	He just was not sure how to pull it off .	pos_neg	3854
" " But I think we are doing that badly .	" " But I do not think we are doing that badly .	pos_neg	3855
Becker was connected to Carre 's study .	Becker was not connected to Carre 's study .	pos_neg	3856
We want people going off .	We do not want people going off .	pos_neg	3857
Police released the boy 's name .	Police did not release the boy 's name .	pos_neg	3858
He said who was behind the alleged plot .	He did not say who was behind the alleged plot .	pos_neg	3859
I like that .	I do not like that .	pos_neg	3860
Company officials were immediately available to comment Thursday .	Company officials were not immediately available to comment Thursday .	pos_neg	3861
" I really had a reaction , " Sewell said .	" I really did not have a reaction , " Sewell said .	pos_neg	3862
Hayward is proposing a one-off reorganisation cost .	Hayward is not proposing a one-off reorganisation cost .	pos_neg	3863
I did that , and I would never do that .	I did not do that , and I would never do that .	pos_neg	3864
It was immediately clear if such a prohibition would be constitutional .	It was not immediately clear if such a prohibition would be constitutional .	pos_neg	3865
Although this concept is new , what is changing is the scale .	Although this concept is not new , what is changing is the scale .	pos_neg	3866
Or maybe she was joking .	Or maybe she was not joking .	pos_neg	3867
A spokeswoman for Burning Man organizers responded to messages seeking comment .	A spokeswoman for Burning Man organizers did not respond to messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	3868
POSCO has commented on how it obtained the employees ' release .	POSCO has not commented on how it obtained the employees ' release .	pos_neg	3869
Guilt is always something that you load on yourself .	Guilt is not always something that you load on yourself .	pos_neg	3870
Friday , and that the winner had come forward .	Friday , and that the winner had not come forward .	pos_neg	3871
And I think there actually is one .	And I do not think there actually is one .	pos_neg	3872
Immigration agents are required to obtain warrants to detain suspects .	Immigration agents are not required to obtain warrants to detain suspects .	pos_neg	3873
It is the creation of novelists or journalists .	It is not the creation of novelists or journalists .	pos_neg	3874
Right now , it is curable .	Right now , it is not curable .	pos_neg	3875
They have a GM .	They do not have a GM .	pos_neg	3876
The business manager had been submitting financial reports .	The business manager had not been submitting financial reports .	pos_neg	3877
That is to say that all the artists here are unfamiliar names .	That is not to say that all the artists here are unfamiliar names .	pos_neg	3878
We certainly want it to be just standardized tests .	We certainly do not want it to be just standardized tests .	pos_neg	3879
" " It is going to be me .	" " It is not going to be me .	pos_neg	3880
It is about being in a relationship where you are being appreciated .	It is about being in a relationship where you are not being appreciated .	pos_neg	3881
" Just letting migration happen is good enough , " he added .	" Just letting migration happen is not good enough , " he added .	pos_neg	3882
& He is employed by me .	& He is not employed by me .	pos_neg	3883
Temple has had a winning record since 1990 .	Temple has not had a winning record since 1990 .	pos_neg	3884
It is clear how quickly the FCC would act on the filings .	It is not clear how quickly the FCC would act on the filings .	pos_neg	3885
The junta has commented on Gambari 's visit .	The junta has not commented on Gambari 's visit .	pos_neg	3886
Crisp started supposedly because of a leg problem .	Crisp did not start supposedly because of a leg problem .	pos_neg	3887
Paul said he was surprised , or impressed .	Paul said he was not surprised , or impressed .	pos_neg	3888
Most important , he is in one of those cubicles .	Most important , he is not in one of those cubicles .	pos_neg	3889
Hamas officials were immediately available for comment .	Hamas officials were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	3890
It is going to stop illegal immigrants .	It is not going to stop illegal immigrants .	pos_neg	3891
Maybe the situation is as dire as you think .	Maybe the situation is not as dire as you think .	pos_neg	3892
But funding tracked those priorities .	But funding did not track those priorities .	pos_neg	3893
Domain Name Financing Available Such results come cheap .	Domain Name Financing Available Such results do not come cheap .	pos_neg	3894
That appears to have happened .	That does not appear to have happened .	pos_neg	3895
It is my desire to be a lobbyist .	It is not my desire to be a lobbyist .	pos_neg	3896
But many Republicans are sure he is one of them .	But many Republicans are not sure he is one of them .	pos_neg	3897
I like this club , or these players .	I do not like this club , or these players .	pos_neg	3898
The constitutional changes approved Thursday address those issues .	The constitutional changes approved Thursday do not address those issues .	pos_neg	3899
On this measure , the euro is particularly high by historical comparisons .	On this measure , the euro is not particularly high by historical comparisons .	pos_neg	3900
Otherwise , bother showing up .	Otherwise , do not bother showing up .	pos_neg	3901
We just take every missing person report .	We just do not take every missing person report .	pos_neg	3902
By early spring , Mr. Coburn realized this was enough .	By early spring , Mr. Coburn realized this was not enough .	pos_neg	3903
The latter two were among the companies The Post determined exist .	The latter two were among the companies The Post determined do not exist .	pos_neg	3904
But he was sure he would have the respect of his teammates .	But he was not sure he would have the respect of his teammates .	pos_neg	3905
His attorney said Wednesday he knew where his client was .	His attorney said Wednesday he did not know where his client was .	pos_neg	3906
A message seeking comment from Countrywide was immediately returned Thursday .	A message seeking comment from Countrywide was not immediately returned Thursday .	pos_neg	3907
FORTUNE : A big concern , you have really talked about that .	FORTUNE : A big concern , you have not really talked about that .	pos_neg	3908
A. It is actually rural and suburban where people have it .	A. It is actually rural and suburban where people do not have it .	pos_neg	3909
But Deutsche Bank was immune to the waves of the world economy .	But Deutsche Bank was not immune to the waves of the world economy .	pos_neg	3910
Phil Mickelson , of course , played .	Phil Mickelson , of course , did not play .	pos_neg	3911
I am into that .	I am not into that .	pos_neg	3912
I called the agency .	I did not call the agency .	pos_neg	3913
My commitment to my job has changed since Day 1 .	My commitment to my job has not changed since Day 1 .	pos_neg	3914
The image showed on CNN that day was his own .	The image showed on CNN that day was not his own .	pos_neg	3915
The unions helped themselves in the last Democratic primary .	The unions did not help themselves in the last Democratic primary .	pos_neg	3916
Schultz said she knew where Freeman went after her release .	Schultz said she did not know where Freeman went after her release .	pos_neg	3917
They were rioting against me .	They were not rioting against me .	pos_neg	3918
It has been reinvented over the years .	It has not been reinvented over the years .	pos_neg	3919
BOEHNER : I think the issue is really over money .	BOEHNER : I do not think the issue is really over money .	pos_neg	3920
" " But I was involved in it .	" " But I was not involved in it .	pos_neg	3921
Seattle played Luke Ridnour .	Seattle did not play Luke Ridnour .	pos_neg	3922
He claimed that the actions affected the outcome of the election .	He did not claim that the actions affected the outcome of the election .	pos_neg	3923
My mother and father were amused .	My mother and father were not amused .	pos_neg	3924
Science is the only discipline that professors are putting a spin on .	Science is not the only discipline that professors are putting a spin on .	pos_neg	3925
I remember pulling the trigger .	I do not remember pulling the trigger .	pos_neg	3926
The names of the ministers were released .	The names of the ministers were not released .	pos_neg	3927
I am joking .	I am not joking .	pos_neg	3928
It makes sense to have 45 million people without insurance .	It does not make sense to have 45 million people without insurance .	pos_neg	3929
It was easy adjusting to a new name and birthday .	It was not easy adjusting to a new name and birthday .	pos_neg	3930
She widened her eyes and beg for love or mercy .	She did not widen her eyes and beg for love or mercy .	pos_neg	3931
" They are ' working .	" They are not ' working .	pos_neg	3932
But this is work to me .	But this is not work to me .	pos_neg	3933
Epperly said it was clear which man strangled her .	Epperly said it was not clear which man strangled her .	pos_neg	3934
It is clear when those talks may resume .	It is not clear when those talks may resume .	pos_neg	3935
The pace was going to kill me .	The pace was not going to kill me .	pos_neg	3936
She is hospitalized .	She is not hospitalized .	pos_neg	3937
Calls to the Acworth Police Department were returned Monday morning .	Calls to the Acworth Police Department were not returned Monday morning .	pos_neg	3938
Republicans embraced Mr. Reid 's proposal .	Republicans did not embrace Mr. Reid 's proposal .	pos_neg	3939
You get that very often .	You do not get that very often .	pos_neg	3940
According to Rivkin and Casey , however , 1927 is broad enough .	According to Rivkin and Casey , however , 1927 is not broad enough .	pos_neg	3941
True to form , the Patriots were interested in praise .	True to form , the Patriots were not interested in praise .	pos_neg	3942
He applied for bail .	He did not apply for bail .	pos_neg	3943
She was out of place .	She was not out of place .	pos_neg	3944
He is the only one disappointed .	He is not the only one disappointed .	pos_neg	3945
Overestimate the damage .	Do not overestimate the damage .	pos_neg	3946
" " You want to have your enemy at your backdoor .	" " You do not want to have your enemy at your backdoor .	pos_neg	3947
It was only home-buyers who banks were keen to lend to .	It was not only home-buyers who banks were keen to lend to .	pos_neg	3948
" It is a revenge game , " he said .	" It is not a revenge game , " he said .	pos_neg	3949
" Iowa voters are going to say , " Oh my God !	" Iowa voters are not going to say , " Oh my God !	pos_neg	3950
But Kelley was satisfied .	But Kelley was not satisfied .	pos_neg	3951
Russia in Ukraine refinery spat He swings or rock out .	Russia in Ukraine refinery spat He does not swing or rock out .	pos_neg	3952
Clearly , these fans with the flowing blonde hair were his type .	Clearly , these fans with the flowing blonde hair were not his type .	pos_neg	3953
The legislation specifies how many employees would be reclassified .	The legislation does not specify how many employees would be reclassified .	pos_neg	3954
But she raised her insulin dose in accord with her overeating .	But she did not raise her insulin dose in accord with her overeating .	pos_neg	3955
The names of victims were immediately released .	The names of victims were not immediately released .	pos_neg	3956
And they are hard to work up .	And they are not hard to work up .	pos_neg	3957
Because we want gentile characteristics .	Because we do not want gentile characteristics .	pos_neg	3958
They were immediately returned .	They were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	3959
The remaining subjects had a family history of the disease .	The remaining subjects did not have a family history of the disease .	pos_neg	3960
" I am concerned about it , " McCarthy said .	" I am not concerned about it , " McCarthy said .	pos_neg	3961
A copyright claim is the issue for the Romantics .	A copyright claim is not the issue for the Romantics .	pos_neg	3962
" It was just a make-work-type task , " Cooper said .	" It was not just a make-work-type task , " Cooper said .	pos_neg	3963
It is a surprise that production projects are now underway .	It is not a surprise that production projects are now underway .	pos_neg	3964
The group , which had practiced , was slightly off key .	The group , which had not practiced , was slightly off key .	pos_neg	3965
" " Our team is very young .	" " Our team is not very young .	pos_neg	3966
The Information Commissioner has taken a decision on Mr Murrell 's complaint .	The Information Commissioner has not taken a decision on Mr Murrell 's complaint .	pos_neg	3967
The company undertakes to update its forward-looking statements .	The company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	3968
Radcliffe : Oh yeah , you care .	Radcliffe : Oh yeah , you do not care .	pos_neg	3969
So anybody that is pro-life is going to have difficulties .	So anybody that is not pro-life is going to have difficulties .	pos_neg	3970
There are serious social concerns , and we are addressing that .	There are serious social concerns , and we are not addressing that .	pos_neg	3971
In this case , the reach for authenticity works .	In this case , the reach for authenticity does not work .	pos_neg	3972
That is the easiest thing to do in baseball .	That is not the easiest thing to do in baseball .	pos_neg	3973
I am surprised by this split , because it is happening already .	I am not surprised by this split , because it is happening already .	pos_neg	3974
Some songs just were made to be shuffled .	Some songs just were not made to be shuffled .	pos_neg	3975
Nifong returned calls requesting comment .	Nifong did not return calls requesting comment .	pos_neg	3976
It solves the problem .	It does not solve the problem .	pos_neg	3977
" " The numbers are important .	" " The numbers are not important .	pos_neg	3978
" This is a free utility , " she says .	" This is not a free utility , " she says .	pos_neg	3979
" Careful , careful , fall , " Edwards called out .	" Careful , careful , do not fall , " Edwards called out .	pos_neg	3980
Ariza had joined the Lakers by the opening tip .	Ariza had not joined the Lakers by the opening tip .	pos_neg	3981
A call to Spears ' attorney was immediately returned .	A call to Spears ' attorney was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	3982
Terms of the deal were released .	Terms of the deal were not released .	pos_neg	3983
The cause of the blaze has been determined , he said .	The cause of the blaze has not been determined , he said .	pos_neg	3984
Nice try , but I think so .	Nice try , but I do not think so .	pos_neg	3985
Actually , the screen 's the biggest problem .	Actually , the screen 's not the biggest problem .	pos_neg	3986
Polls show most Americans now agree the war was worth fighting .	Polls show most Americans now agree the war was not worth fighting .	pos_neg	3987
In addition , the survey included people without land-line phones .	In addition , the survey did not include people without land-line phones .	pos_neg	3988
The report said how Ahmadinejad reacted to the joke .	The report did not say how Ahmadinejad reacted to the joke .	pos_neg	3989
I am good at the half-hour comedy ba-dum-bump stuff .	I am not good at the half-hour comedy ba-dum-bump stuff .	pos_neg	3990
It is a tendency that Rey and his own family have escaped .	It is a tendency that Rey and his own family have not escaped .	pos_neg	3991
" We want to fizz , " Martens said .	" We do not want to fizz , " Martens said .	pos_neg	3992
Solar variations do affect climate , but they are the only factor .	Solar variations do affect climate , but they are not the only factor .	pos_neg	3993
Crummey had hoped to play last week , but was ready .	Crummey had hoped to play last week , but was not ready .	pos_neg	3994
Perhaps , if you are writing options for income .	Perhaps , if you are not writing options for income .	pos_neg	3995
The London Basement Company ; www.tblc.co.uk This crisis appeared unexpectedly .	The London Basement Company ; www.tblc.co.uk This crisis did not appear unexpectedly .	pos_neg	3996
We do that .	We do not do that .	pos_neg	3997
Further details were disclosed .	Further details were not disclosed .	pos_neg	3998
A call to the church Monday was immediately returned .	A call to the church Monday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	3999
Bluemont was always off the beaten path .	Bluemont was not always off the beaten path .	pos_neg	4000
The identities of the victims and the driver were immediately released .	The identities of the victims and the driver were not immediately released .	pos_neg	4001
As the judge noted , the failures alleged were sustained nor repeated .	As the judge noted , the failures alleged were not sustained nor repeated .	pos_neg	4002
This is how Pittsburgh wanted to stay undefeated .	This is not how Pittsburgh wanted to stay undefeated .	pos_neg	4003
Some houses have roof overhangs or soffits .	Some houses do not have roof overhangs or soffits .	pos_neg	4004
Margins of error were given , as is customary in Japan .	Margins of error were not given , as is customary in Japan .	pos_neg	4005
The US has reprocessed nuclear waste since the 1970s .	The US has not reprocessed nuclear waste since the 1970s .	pos_neg	4006
The evangelist demurred .	The evangelist did not demur .	pos_neg	4007
I am saying that the music redeems the politics .	I am not saying that the music redeems the politics .	pos_neg	4008
They have said which teen had which level .	They have not said which teen had which level .	pos_neg	4009
" They look trashy to me , " said Larian .	" They do not look trashy to me , " said Larian .	pos_neg	4010
Company executives replied .	Company executives did not reply .	pos_neg	4011
He was traded .	He was not traded .	pos_neg	4012
The political world was abuzz on Tuesday about things that happened .	The political world was abuzz on Tuesday about things that did not happen .	pos_neg	4013
He was available for further comment yesterday .	He was not available for further comment yesterday .	pos_neg	4014
But there is the daily pressure .	But there is not the daily pressure .	pos_neg	4015
The statement from the Marine Corps elaborates .	The statement from the Marine Corps does not elaborate .	pos_neg	4016
Other details were immediately released .	Other details were not immediately released .	pos_neg	4017
When classes resumed in August , the workbooks had arrived .	When classes resumed in August , the workbooks had not arrived .	pos_neg	4018
The slogan has been well received .	The slogan has not been well received .	pos_neg	4019
He drove a fantastic race , so he is upset .	He drove a fantastic race , so he is not upset .	pos_neg	4020
The children have been seen since .	The children have not been seen since .	pos_neg	4021
However , they are for everyone .	However , they are not for everyone .	pos_neg	4022
There was one .	There was not one .	pos_neg	4023
Clearly , they were meant for everybody .	Clearly , they were not meant for everybody .	pos_neg	4024
' " A call to DeLeo 's home requesting comment was returned .	' " A call to DeLeo 's home requesting comment was not returned .	pos_neg	4025
He tried to put me off .	He did not try to put me off .	pos_neg	4026
Smithsonian Home Products Hit Stores But that happens all the time .	Smithsonian Home Products Hit Stores But that does not happen all the time .	pos_neg	4027
These were small questions ; they undermined the cornerstone of my faith .	These were not small questions ; they undermined the cornerstone of my faith .	pos_neg	4028
He is very subtle about his interest .	He is not very subtle about his interest .	pos_neg	4029
They won .	They did not win .	pos_neg	4030
Little Ben and the other 77 Track-B teams received these funds .	Little Ben and the other 77 Track-B teams did not receive these funds .	pos_neg	4031
Teachers : B- They are safe .	Teachers : B- They are not safe .	pos_neg	4032
Cool me off , but bowl me over .	Cool me off , but do not bowl me over .	pos_neg	4033
This was a bad race .	This was not a bad race .	pos_neg	4034
These challenges have been discussed candidly in an open forum .	These challenges have not been discussed candidly in an open forum .	pos_neg	4035
I want to end my relationship .	I do not want to end my relationship .	pos_neg	4036
They have a single field .	They do not have a single field .	pos_neg	4037
And it seems like Washington is listening .	And it does not seem like Washington is listening .	pos_neg	4038
However , this is a game that only the well-heeled can play .	However , this is not a game that only the well-heeled can play .	pos_neg	4039
People paid enough attention to them .	People did not pay enough attention to them .	pos_neg	4040
He had stopped Christmas from coming !	He had not stopped Christmas from coming !	pos_neg	4041
A free Iraq 's going to be perfect .	A free Iraq 's not going to be perfect .	pos_neg	4042
' " The outlook was promising .	' " The outlook was not promising .	pos_neg	4043
It was his first time .	It was not his first time .	pos_neg	4044
You can have 82 wins and it matters .	You can have 82 wins and it does not matter .	pos_neg	4045
But the magic was in concrete ; it never is .	But the magic was not in concrete ; it never is .	pos_neg	4046
In the back seat was a woman whom he recognized .	In the back seat was a woman whom he did not recognize .	pos_neg	4047
But it is just about one man .	But it is not just about one man .	pos_neg	4048
That means there is nothing wrong .	That does not mean there is nothing wrong .	pos_neg	4049
His two sisters and his son are involved in the company .	His two sisters and his son are not involved in the company .	pos_neg	4050
They just know about it .	They just do not know about it .	pos_neg	4051
Meehan said this funding undermines the integrity of the recommendations .	Meehan said this funding does not undermine the integrity of the recommendations .	pos_neg	4052
And the spending stops there .	And the spending does not stop there .	pos_neg	4053
It was clear immediately if the meeting would still take place .	It was not clear immediately if the meeting would still take place .	pos_neg	4054
But I have been keeping up with it .	But I have not been keeping up with it .	pos_neg	4055
Avery made sure to let Vishnevski know the check was appreciated .	Avery made sure to let Vishnevski know the check was not appreciated .	pos_neg	4056
Science defends ogling Their fears are irrational .	Science defends ogling Their fears are not irrational .	pos_neg	4057
Campaign officials returned telephone calls for comment .	Campaign officials did not return telephone calls for comment .	pos_neg	4058
But we are committing to it at this stage .	But we are not committing to it at this stage .	pos_neg	4059
Devlin apologized to the family or to Ben .	Devlin did not apologize to the family or to Ben .	pos_neg	4060
But that is the way some big investors see him .	But that is not the way some big investors see him .	pos_neg	4061
They are seeing what 's going on .	They are not seeing what 's going on .	pos_neg	4062
He had to do this .	He did not have to do this .	pos_neg	4063
We wrote one postcard or buy one souvenir .	We did not write one postcard or buy one souvenir .	pos_neg	4064
Booking directly through the Hertz site was a mistake .	Booking directly through the Hertz site was not a mistake .	pos_neg	4065
I want to take risks .	I do not want to take risks .	pos_neg	4066
And there seems to be a cure .	And there does not seem to be a cure .	pos_neg	4067
He is a movie star .	He is not a movie star .	pos_neg	4068
" This is about the money , " Beckham added .	" This is not about the money , " Beckham added .	pos_neg	4069
That way you get hit in the back with a cannonball .	That way you do not get hit in the back with a cannonball .	pos_neg	4070
We get to see firsthand and that is very surprising .	We get to see firsthand and that is not very surprising .	pos_neg	4071
But Iran itself is helping .	But Iran itself is not helping .	pos_neg	4072
She needed to say more .	She did not need to say more .	pos_neg	4073
Animals , however , have language .	Animals , however , do not have language .	pos_neg	4074
Federline and Spears were present in court .	Federline and Spears were not present in court .	pos_neg	4075
Her decision to reject the fund was hard , she said .	Her decision to reject the fund was not hard , she said .	pos_neg	4076
But that is all the funny business on Fox Sunday night .	But that is not all the funny business on Fox Sunday night .	pos_neg	4077
It is too late to change course and stop this situation escalating .	It is not too late to change course and stop this situation escalating .	pos_neg	4078
The method of payment is specified .	The method of payment is not specified .	pos_neg	4079
" It just fits , " Chan said .	" It just does not fit , " Chan said .	pos_neg	4080
It said when the new sanctions would begin .	It did not say when the new sanctions would begin .	pos_neg	4081
But it was because he was some kind of expert on terrorism .	But it was not because he was some kind of expert on terrorism .	pos_neg	4082
" That is a coincidence , " Klier said .	" That is not a coincidence , " Klier said .	pos_neg	4083
It was clear how the couple were arrested .	It was not clear how the couple were arrested .	pos_neg	4084
The cousin has been charged .	The cousin has not been charged .	pos_neg	4085
" This is about one 's legal skills , " Gray said .	" This is not about one 's legal skills , " Gray said .	pos_neg	4086
We are looking to just say gotcha .	We are not looking to just say gotcha .	pos_neg	4087
They did me an ounce of injury , though .	They did not do me an ounce of injury , though .	pos_neg	4088
Whittaker says he has been stingy .	Whittaker says he has not been stingy .	pos_neg	4089
But it was to be .	But it was not to be .	pos_neg	4090
It is a laughing matter to us .	It is not a laughing matter to us .	pos_neg	4091
But Mr. Medina 's conviction was shaken .	But Mr. Medina 's conviction was not shaken .	pos_neg	4092
Some of the major signings over the past few years have delivered .	Some of the major signings over the past few years have not delivered .	pos_neg	4093
23 percent have taken a single action .	23 percent have not taken a single action .	pos_neg	4094
The slight hitch is that this oil is easily accessible .	The slight hitch is that this oil is not easily accessible .	pos_neg	4095
" They are meant for comfort , " he replied .	" They are not meant for comfort , " he replied .	pos_neg	4096
Ortiz noted that Fujimori may have apologized but asked for forgiveness .	Ortiz noted that Fujimori may have apologized but did not ask for forgiveness .	pos_neg	4097
This is exactly why Kate and Gerry comment on these sightings .	This is exactly why Kate and Gerry do not comment on these sightings .	pos_neg	4098
Nicholas Clapp , from Preston , has been seen since Thursday .	Nicholas Clapp , from Preston , has not been seen since Thursday .	pos_neg	4099
It was immediately known whether Harrison had lawyer .	It was not immediately known whether Harrison had lawyer .	pos_neg	4100
People think it means safer , even if that is true .	People think it means safer , even if that is not true .	pos_neg	4101
A representative for Garcia was immediately reached for comment by TMZ .	A representative for Garcia was not immediately reached for comment by TMZ .	pos_neg	4102
Sometimes , the inside choice works out .	Sometimes , the inside choice does not work out .	pos_neg	4103
We were involved in the preparation of these projections .	We were not involved in the preparation of these projections .	pos_neg	4104
It was known whether he had an attorney .	It was not known whether he had an attorney .	pos_neg	4105
But , it is my party .	But , it is not my party .	pos_neg	4106
He said when she might be able to return home .	He did not say when she might be able to return home .	pos_neg	4107
Above all Pastor Dennis is a hypocrite , Mr. Perrotta said .	Above all Pastor Dennis is not a hypocrite , Mr. Perrotta said .	pos_neg	4108
Why a major record company has snatched them up is beyond me .	Why a major record company has not snatched them up is beyond me .	pos_neg	4109
In large organizations you have that connection .	In large organizations you do not have that connection .	pos_neg	4110
He knew Dia 's history .	He did not know Dia 's history .	pos_neg	4111
A. It addressed the central issue .	A. It did not address the central issue .	pos_neg	4112
Gates said Harvey 's response was aggressive enough .	Gates said Harvey 's response was not aggressive enough .	pos_neg	4113
I have to see it on television .	I do not have to see it on television .	pos_neg	4114
A puck on a wet rink slides .	A puck on a wet rink does not slide .	pos_neg	4115
We need you to fight .	We do not need you to fight .	pos_neg	4116
James L. Dolan , the Garden chairman , was in attendance .	James L. Dolan , the Garden chairman , was not in attendance .	pos_neg	4117
About Maxim Group Lute deemed that the goal was being met .	About Maxim Group Lute deemed that the goal was not being met .	pos_neg	4118
It is pretty .	It is not pretty .	pos_neg	4119
But I knew what to expect .	But I did not know what to expect .	pos_neg	4120
The company responded to calls seeking comment .	The company did not respond to calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	4121
The district attorney decided his help was needed .	The district attorney decided his help was not needed .	pos_neg	4122
He says it is good .	He says it is not good .	pos_neg	4123
Telephone messages left Friday with family members were immediately returned .	Telephone messages left Friday with family members were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	4124
It is a line on the state budget .	It is not a line on the state budget .	pos_neg	4125
But it helped me go beyond Mr. Whipped Cream .	But it did not help me go beyond Mr. Whipped Cream .	pos_neg	4126
But in the playoffs , Sabathia has been able to keep up .	But in the playoffs , Sabathia has not been able to keep up .	pos_neg	4127
She said it was known what its cargo was .	She said it was not known what its cargo was .	pos_neg	4128
Wang elaborated on how Beijing would support lenders in going international .	Wang did not elaborate on how Beijing would support lenders in going international .	pos_neg	4129
He said that identical material posted to his Sina blog was blocked .	He said that identical material posted to his Sina blog was not blocked .	pos_neg	4130
Orlando has won a home game since Nov. 24 .	Orlando has not won a home game since Nov. 24 .	pos_neg	4131
The bed " is our fault , " he said .	The bed " is not our fault , " he said .	pos_neg	4132
When asked about that Tuesday , Craig said it was a concern .	When asked about that Tuesday , Craig said it was not a concern .	pos_neg	4133
Of course , such experiences are uncommon .	Of course , such experiences are not uncommon .	pos_neg	4134
It was about the money .	It was not about the money .	pos_neg	4135
" I think so , " she replied , somewhat tartly .	" I do not think so , " she replied , somewhat tartly .	pos_neg	4136
As you can see , this was a success .	As you can see , this was not a success .	pos_neg	4137
Mine had a tub , but it had a terrific shower .	Mine did not have a tub , but it had a terrific shower .	pos_neg	4138
University president Allen Sessions emphasized the shooting was random .	University president Allen Sessions emphasized the shooting was not random .	pos_neg	4139
Mr Michaels was a tyrant by nature .	Mr Michaels was not a tyrant by nature .	pos_neg	4140
" Yes , right now he is polling , " he said .	" Yes , right now he is not polling , " he said .	pos_neg	4141
The Police Federation was available for comment .	The Police Federation was not available for comment .	pos_neg	4142
" We are happy , " Iginla said .	" We are not happy , " Iginla said .	pos_neg	4143
But in the 21st century that is what movies are after .	But in the 21st century that is not what movies are after .	pos_neg	4144
But other students in the house were so lucky .	But other students in the house were not so lucky .	pos_neg	4145
He is a world champion for nothing .	He is not a world champion for nothing .	pos_neg	4146
He had many faults , but being dishonest was one of them .	He had many faults , but being dishonest was not one of them .	pos_neg	4147
The cause and exact location of the boiler tube rupture is known .	The cause and exact location of the boiler tube rupture is not known .	pos_neg	4148
Calls to the management company , RiverBay Corporation , were immediately returned .	Calls to the management company , RiverBay Corporation , were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	4149
They have paid their mortgage in four months .	They have not paid their mortgage in four months .	pos_neg	4150
The dollar figure was disclosed .	The dollar figure was not disclosed .	pos_neg	4151
Fortunately , Dick considered himself fundamentally unworthy .	Fortunately , Dick did not consider himself fundamentally unworthy .	pos_neg	4152
But while the pace quickened , ICF 's troubles let up .	But while the pace quickened , ICF 's troubles did not let up .	pos_neg	4153
The attorney , Devon Gibbs , returned a call for comment .	The attorney , Devon Gibbs , did not return a call for comment .	pos_neg	4154
The Red Sox ' relief corps has been alone in performing dreadfully .	The Red Sox ' relief corps has not been alone in performing dreadfully .	pos_neg	4155
It stated a recommended upper limit for consumption .	It did not state a recommended upper limit for consumption .	pos_neg	4156
It is just that Phnom Penh 's traffic is getting worse .	It is not just that Phnom Penh 's traffic is getting worse .	pos_neg	4157
" These were reluctant witnesses , " he said .	" These were not reluctant witnesses , " he said .	pos_neg	4158
Education reform But he said what steps China planned to take .	Education reform But he did not say what steps China planned to take .	pos_neg	4159
It is really the back end .	It is not really the back end .	pos_neg	4160
This is the government 's first attempt to imitate consumer technology .	This is not the government 's first attempt to imitate consumer technology .	pos_neg	4161
It is such an uncommon state of affairs .	It is not such an uncommon state of affairs .	pos_neg	4162
And she fell off , he grinned .	And she did not fall off , he grinned .	pos_neg	4163
Kageorge said he knew how high the balloon drifted .	Kageorge said he did not know how high the balloon drifted .	pos_neg	4164
They saw it reappear .	They did not see it reappear .	pos_neg	4165
It was enough .	It was not enough .	pos_neg	4166
Operator is responsible for omissions or typographical errors .	Operator is not responsible for omissions or typographical errors .	pos_neg	4167
The interior ministry has commented on the ban .	The interior ministry has not commented on the ban .	pos_neg	4168
Further , Jerry Sunborne is really a bad guy .	Further , Jerry Sunborne is not really a bad guy .	pos_neg	4169
We have the legal basis to replace them .	We do not have the legal basis to replace them .	pos_neg	4170
He had gone to high school .	He had not gone to high school .	pos_neg	4171
It was clear whom the letter was addressed to .	It was not clear whom the letter was addressed to .	pos_neg	4172
It was a stranger who poisoned them , the police later found .	It was not a stranger who poisoned them , the police later found .	pos_neg	4173
Yet most of us are shocked by this list .	Yet most of us are not shocked by this list .	pos_neg	4174
Of those , 157 required a prescription .	Of those , 157 did not require a prescription .	pos_neg	4175
Those numbers include the 19 hijackers .	Those numbers do not include the 19 hijackers .	pos_neg	4176
Brooks is alone .	Brooks is not alone .	pos_neg	4177
It meant A-Rod would never land square into controversy again .	It did not mean A-Rod would never land square into controversy again .	pos_neg	4178
I think we are the end of it all .	I do not think we are the end of it all .	pos_neg	4179
Now get me wrong .	Now do not get me wrong .	pos_neg	4180
Roethlisberger fits in that group .	Roethlisberger does not fit in that group .	pos_neg	4181
" Those men are running , sir , " Dela Cruz testified .	" Those men are not running , sir , " Dela Cruz testified .	pos_neg	4182
It is long before I realise Pokola is no ordinary logging town .	It is not long before I realise Pokola is no ordinary logging town .	pos_neg	4183
She is getting the big picture .	She is not getting the big picture .	pos_neg	4184
The booster rockets seem to be dropping off .	The booster rockets do not seem to be dropping off .	pos_neg	4185
I want to read it ' .	I do not want to read it ' .	pos_neg	4186
He said he knew if it was a murder-suicide .	He said he did not know if it was a murder-suicide .	pos_neg	4187
I told my family .	I did not tell my family .	pos_neg	4188
I said it would be funny when I said it .	I did not say it would be funny when I said it .	pos_neg	4189
Both sides say they want a treetop confrontation .	Both sides say they do not want a treetop confrontation .	pos_neg	4190
Mr. Sikov flinches in describing the Davis warts .	Mr. Sikov does not flinch in describing the Davis warts .	pos_neg	4191
Rank and file members were allowed to speak to the news media .	Rank and file members were not allowed to speak to the news media .	pos_neg	4192
She said relatives have long suspected that Savio drowned accidentally .	She said relatives have long suspected that Savio did not drown accidentally .	pos_neg	4193
But taxes are .	But taxes are not .	pos_neg	4194
I am revolted that we have a dream .	I am revolted that we do not have a dream .	pos_neg	4195
Their father was riding ahead of them and saw the fall .	Their father was riding ahead of them and did not see the fall .	pos_neg	4196
Before the film , I thought he was in reality .	Before the film , I thought he was not in reality .	pos_neg	4197
A call to Agriculture Department officials was returned before the hearing .	A call to Agriculture Department officials was not returned before the hearing .	pos_neg	4198
Michigan is the first state to address the problem .	Michigan is not the first state to address the problem .	pos_neg	4199
" Our group espouses radical measures , " Mr. Mateo said .	" Our group does not espouse radical measures , " Mr. Mateo said .	pos_neg	4200
Wi-Fi just is designed for that .	Wi-Fi just is not designed for that .	pos_neg	4201
In other words , take more rate cuts for granted .	In other words , do not take more rate cuts for granted .	pos_neg	4202
We think the work of Jane will stop .	We do not think the work of Jane will stop .	pos_neg	4203
The girls involved just have that choice .	The girls involved just do not have that choice .	pos_neg	4204
" I am like how I dress , " he confided .	" I am not like how I dress , " he confided .	pos_neg	4205
I knew what it meant .	I did not know what it meant .	pos_neg	4206
He insisted it was just about him - but all badly-hurt soldiers .	He insisted it was not just about him - but all badly-hurt soldiers .	pos_neg	4207
Telephone messages left Monday morning for a Cerberus spokesman were immediately returned .	Telephone messages left Monday morning for a Cerberus spokesman were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	4208
The treatment worked .	The treatment did not work .	pos_neg	4209
The statement made clear when the arrests took place .	The statement did not make clear when the arrests took place .	pos_neg	4210
But it has to be too bad for you .	But it does not have to be too bad for you .	pos_neg	4211
" I am going to recommend ratification , " he said .	" I am not going to recommend ratification , " he said .	pos_neg	4212
No they were , said Gordon Brown .	No they were not , said Gordon Brown .	pos_neg	4213
Keller responded to a request to comment .	Keller did not respond to a request to comment .	pos_neg	4214
But shutting off the supply has curbed the demand .	But shutting off the supply has not curbed the demand .	pos_neg	4215
I think I could sit him down for a talk .	I do not think I could sit him down for a talk .	pos_neg	4216
It is all good news , though .	It is not all good news , though .	pos_neg	4217
If she had been disqualified , she would have finished fourth .	If she had not been disqualified , she would have finished fourth .	pos_neg	4218
The incident caused Sir David a fit of regret or self-doubt .	The incident did not cause Sir David a fit of regret or self-doubt .	pos_neg	4219
" I am concerned with the DNC , " she said .	" I am not concerned with the DNC , " she said .	pos_neg	4220
The other plaintiff has .	The other plaintiff has not .	pos_neg	4221
" " Nawaz is our nemesis .	" " Nawaz is not our nemesis .	pos_neg	4222
That is the surefire way of making sure we win .	That is the surefire way of making sure we do not win .	pos_neg	4223
We were thinking about that stuff .	We were not thinking about that stuff .	pos_neg	4224
I have changed , and I am no longer crazy .	I have not changed , and I am no longer crazy .	pos_neg	4225
He had to .	He did not have to .	pos_neg	4226
This seems right .	This does not seem right .	pos_neg	4227
Ugoh practiced Thursday because of a neck injury and is questionable .	Ugoh did not practice Thursday because of a neck injury and is questionable .	pos_neg	4228
As it turned out , he needed the extra real estate .	As it turned out , he did not need the extra real estate .	pos_neg	4229
I am perfect , nor do I claim to be .	I am not perfect , nor do I claim to be .	pos_neg	4230
But you are getting rid of me that easily .	But you are not getting rid of me that easily .	pos_neg	4231
She elaborated .	She did not elaborate .	pos_neg	4232
Regular bathers apply .	Regular bathers need not apply .	pos_neg	4233
The commission revealed which companies own the 110 .	The commission did not reveal which companies own the 110 .	pos_neg	4234
And damn if she put together this great show .	And damn if she did not put together this great show .	pos_neg	4235
" This was an act of terrorism , " Overton told reporters .	" This was not an act of terrorism , " Overton told reporters .	pos_neg	4236
She has recognized us for a few years .	She has not recognized us for a few years .	pos_neg	4237
But I let breakfast keep me from exploring the nearby sights .	But I did not let breakfast keep me from exploring the nearby sights .	pos_neg	4238
Jeffs ' attorneys have said if they plan to appeal .	Jeffs ' attorneys have not said if they plan to appeal .	pos_neg	4239
She was alone there .	She was not alone there .	pos_neg	4240
Merck spokespeople were available for comment .	Merck spokespeople were not available for comment .	pos_neg	4241
The legal setbacks are Vonage 's only troubles .	The legal setbacks are not Vonage 's only troubles .	pos_neg	4242
I am married .	I am not married .	pos_neg	4243
Dozier was present at the news conference .	Dozier was not present at the news conference .	pos_neg	4244
The Nassau police said they believed the cases were related .	The Nassau police said they did not believe the cases were related .	pos_neg	4245
You realize what excessive luxury surrounds you .	You do not realize what excessive luxury surrounds you .	pos_neg	4246
Officer 1259 said he had .	Officer 1259 said he had not .	pos_neg	4247
Crawford , Knicks Win Home Opener It is .	Crawford , Knicks Win Home Opener It is not .	pos_neg	4248
The media-shy McCarthy was there to collect his award .	The media-shy McCarthy was not there to collect his award .	pos_neg	4249
She likes that war tax .	She does not like that war tax .	pos_neg	4250
" I hope she drives here , " he said .	" I hope she does not drive here , " he said .	pos_neg	4251
Prior periods have been restated .	Prior periods have not been restated .	pos_neg	4252
Martin is the top billed actress .	Martin is not the top billed actress .	pos_neg	4253
The Lexus offer required research .	The Lexus offer did not require research .	pos_neg	4254
" We want to correct a correction , " McDonald said .	" We do not want to correct a correction , " McDonald said .	pos_neg	4255
, are without their own shortcomings .	, are not without their own shortcomings .	pos_neg	4256
But he has said when .	But he has not said when .	pos_neg	4257
They are afraid , and they know why .	They are afraid , and they do not know why .	pos_neg	4258
I use Facebook but Daniel Barenboim would be my choice .	I do not use Facebook but Daniel Barenboim would be my choice .	pos_neg	4259
He was sure what charges they could face .	He was not sure what charges they could face .	pos_neg	4260
Fenton 's own work tells us that that is what happened .	Fenton 's own work tells us that that is not what happened .	pos_neg	4261
I want to look like a tourist .	I do not want to look like a tourist .	pos_neg	4262
It cost the Hartman 's a dime .	It did not cost the Hartman 's a dime .	pos_neg	4263
We were in the safety of the base and the wire .	We were not in the safety of the base and the wire .	pos_neg	4264
Turmoil was avoided : the insurgency of 1972-79 was proof of that .	Turmoil was not avoided : the insurgency of 1972-79 was proof of that .	pos_neg	4265
This has been a very unfortunate incident we wanted to experience .	This has been a very unfortunate incident we did not want to experience .	pos_neg	4266
Cuba in 1958 is North Africa in 1941 , after all .	Cuba in 1958 is not North Africa in 1941 , after all .	pos_neg	4267
Mr. Chaika elaborated .	Mr. Chaika did not elaborate .	pos_neg	4268
But he said Craig 's conduct was criminal .	But he said Craig 's conduct was not criminal .	pos_neg	4269
Their setting is great .	Their setting is not great .	pos_neg	4270
We are angels .	We are not angels .	pos_neg	4271
The lawyers were sure .	The lawyers were not sure .	pos_neg	4272
She said the arrest was connected to Wednesday 's shooting .	She said the arrest was not connected to Wednesday 's shooting .	pos_neg	4273
Our thinking this , however , means that it is so .	Our thinking this , however , does not mean that it is so .	pos_neg	4274
Details on arrests were immediately available .	Details on arrests were not immediately available .	pos_neg	4275
Considering the rest of that list , it is such a dishonor .	Considering the rest of that list , it is not such a dishonor .	pos_neg	4276
I had expected that .	I had not expected that .	pos_neg	4277
Mr. Temirkanov 's performance was tidy or clear textured .	Mr. Temirkanov 's performance was not tidy or clear textured .	pos_neg	4278
A donation of this size and quality just happens .	A donation of this size and quality just does not happen .	pos_neg	4279
And assume that something labeled healthy is low-cal .	And do not assume that something labeled healthy is low-cal .	pos_neg	4280
Others were so confident .	Others were not so confident .	pos_neg	4281
His journey was altogether smooth .	His journey was not altogether smooth .	pos_neg	4282
However , it has been without problems .	However , it has not been without problems .	pos_neg	4283
He is eligible for parole .	He is not eligible for parole .	pos_neg	4284
And it is an easy path .	And it is not an easy path .	pos_neg	4285
I have been as keen on his administration as others .	I have not been as keen on his administration as others .	pos_neg	4286
The rivalry is confined to the gridiron .	The rivalry is not confined to the gridiron .	pos_neg	4287
Australia have been beaten at home for 15 years .	Australia have not been beaten at home for 15 years .	pos_neg	4288
Often , the issue is resolved with a single call .	Often , the issue is not resolved with a single call .	pos_neg	4289
But it has to be that way .	But it does not have to be that way .	pos_neg	4290
That attitude has changed .	That attitude has not changed .	pos_neg	4291
You are going to get hit if you look nice .	You are going to get hit if you do not look nice .	pos_neg	4292
This is the first time Lewis has said something controversial on-air .	This is not the first time Lewis has said something controversial on-air .	pos_neg	4293
Punjab provincial police officials were available for comment .	Punjab provincial police officials were not available for comment .	pos_neg	4294
But the charity says that even selective immunisation is carried out thoroughly .	But the charity says that even selective immunisation is not carried out thoroughly .	pos_neg	4295
updated 2 : 39 p.m. It was always that way .	updated 2 : 39 p.m. It was not always that way .	pos_neg	4296
We have the runners that Australia and New Zealand have .	We do not have the runners that Australia and New Zealand have .	pos_neg	4297
I am tired .	I am not tired .	pos_neg	4298
It has seemed to throw him off .	It has not seemed to throw him off .	pos_neg	4299
It is very glamorous work .	It is not very glamorous work .	pos_neg	4300
Besides , he says , Hamilton 's failure was his own .	Besides , he says , Hamilton 's failure was not his own .	pos_neg	4301
Even though he has turned in a single paper for her class .	Even though he has not turned in a single paper for her class .	pos_neg	4302
They are .	They are not .	pos_neg	4303
The officials declined to say what procedures had been followed .	The officials declined to say what procedures had not been followed .	pos_neg	4304
Steve Jobs has liked commodity businesses .	Steve Jobs has not liked commodity businesses .	pos_neg	4305
They are interested in becoming U.S. citizens or renouncing Mexican citizenship .	They are not interested in becoming U.S. citizens or renouncing Mexican citizenship .	pos_neg	4306
That is an undisguised blessing for Mr Lee .	That is not an undisguised blessing for Mr Lee .	pos_neg	4307
... It becomes too personal , even though it is .	... It becomes too personal , even though it is not .	pos_neg	4308
" " That serve is going to go away anytime soon .	" " That serve is not going to go away anytime soon .	pos_neg	4309
We were doing things we needed to do .	We were doing things we did not need to do .	pos_neg	4310
He made me do things I wanted to .	He made me do things I did not want to .	pos_neg	4311
Cat Fanciers ' Association Even when they have just run 15 miles .	Cat Fanciers ' Association Even when they have not just run 15 miles .	pos_neg	4312
The occupants of the car were injured .	The occupants of the car were not injured .	pos_neg	4313
It is official , and ours is designated by Congress .	It is not official , and ours is designated by Congress .	pos_neg	4314
Well , here is something you see every day .	Well , here is something you do not see every day .	pos_neg	4315
But so far the various players have agreed on standards and enforcement .	But so far the various players have not agreed on standards and enforcement .	pos_neg	4316
We knew we could do it , see .	We did not know we could do it , see .	pos_neg	4317
'Drift in population' It is going to stop illegal immigrants .	'Drift in population' It is not going to stop illegal immigrants .	pos_neg	4318
The university opposed Justice Department involvement .	The university did not oppose Justice Department involvement .	pos_neg	4319
Microsoft bows to pressure on XP She said why .	Microsoft bows to pressure on XP She did not say why .	pos_neg	4320
" No , I think so , " Ibragimov said .	" No , I do not think so , " Ibragimov said .	pos_neg	4321
They just executed when they needed to execute and we executed .	They just executed when they needed to execute and we did not execute .	pos_neg	4322
The horses were in the trailer at the time .	The horses were not in the trailer at the time .	pos_neg	4323
But a home is a static place .	But a home is not a static place .	pos_neg	4324
But he pleaded guilty to everything .	But he did not plead guilty to everything .	pos_neg	4325
Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty .	Prosecutors are not seeking the death penalty .	pos_neg	4326
I invented it .	I did not invent it .	pos_neg	4327
The Fed wants to over-cut .	The Fed does not want to over-cut .	pos_neg	4328
The public was in danger , Progress said .	The public was not in danger , Progress said .	pos_neg	4329
Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said the company had been told to leave .	Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said the company had not been told to leave .	pos_neg	4330
He has been accused of a crime .	He has not been accused of a crime .	pos_neg	4331
These factors are necessarily all the important factors that could affect us .	These factors are not necessarily all the important factors that could affect us .	pos_neg	4332
That kind of recording is allowed on the sideline .	That kind of recording is not allowed on the sideline .	pos_neg	4333
I assumed Donald believed he was money .	I did not assume Donald believed he was money .	pos_neg	4334
id = 1622282007 You know what he is put me through .	id = 1622282007 You do not know what he is put me through .	pos_neg	4335
-- The dropout crisis is just an education issue .	-- The dropout crisis is not just an education issue .	pos_neg	4336
It is hard to understand why .	It is not hard to understand why .	pos_neg	4337
But " The Brief Wondrous Life " is Oscar 's story alone .	But " The Brief Wondrous Life " is not Oscar 's story alone .	pos_neg	4338
At the time , I saw the CCTV footage .	At the time , I did not see the CCTV footage .	pos_neg	4339
It was brilliant , but it was exactly what she needed .	It was not brilliant , but it was exactly what she needed .	pos_neg	4340
Fifty-three percent said they trusted Gen. David Petraeus ' report .	Fifty-three percent said they did not trust Gen. David Petraeus ' report .	pos_neg	4341
Please threaten or do whatever .	Please do not threaten or do whatever .	pos_neg	4342
You have to put something out there that has been seen before .	You have to put something out there that has not been seen before .	pos_neg	4343
The 12 boys have been located , he added .	The 12 boys have not been located , he added .	pos_neg	4344
Wyden said he also was briefed .	Wyden said he also was not briefed .	pos_neg	4345
They want to be subjugated to this media circus .	They do not want to be subjugated to this media circus .	pos_neg	4346
The central characters in " Hair " are really individuals but attitudes .	The central characters in " Hair " are not really individuals but attitudes .	pos_neg	4347
Yet adopting this or another proposed blend is simple .	Yet adopting this or another proposed blend is not simple .	pos_neg	4348
The fact is , they have to have your permission .	The fact is , they do not have to have your permission .	pos_neg	4349
We dare to hope for a big change .	We do not dare to hope for a big change .	pos_neg	4350
She was , and finished second to Jelena Prokopcuka of Latvia .	She was not , and finished second to Jelena Prokopcuka of Latvia .	pos_neg	4351
The news was all bad for the White House .	The news was not all bad for the White House .	pos_neg	4352
But he had reckoned on the Kielty brothers .	But he had not reckoned on the Kielty brothers .	pos_neg	4353
The Kent Denver School is your typical school .	The Kent Denver School is not your typical school .	pos_neg	4354
It was always that way .	It was not always that way .	pos_neg	4355
The exact number of volunteers who signed up was immediately known .	The exact number of volunteers who signed up was not immediately known .	pos_neg	4356
Surprisingly , she freaked out .	Surprisingly , she did not freak out .	pos_neg	4357
His identity was given .	His identity was not given .	pos_neg	4358
He is what you would call a typical star player .	He is not what you would call a typical star player .	pos_neg	4359
That is fair .	That is not fair .	pos_neg	4360
" Nudity is controversial in museums , " he said .	" Nudity is not controversial in museums , " he said .	pos_neg	4361
His injuries were considered life-threatening .	His injuries were not considered life-threatening .	pos_neg	4362
People know how to deal with drawings .	People do not know how to deal with drawings .	pos_neg	4363
It is just that it is an issue of trust .	It is not just that it is an issue of trust .	pos_neg	4364
I am going to contribute to that .	I am not going to contribute to that .	pos_neg	4365
Shovkovskiy is in the best frame of mind .	Shovkovskiy is not in the best frame of mind .	pos_neg	4366
Many were disarmed after the peace deal .	Many were not disarmed after the peace deal .	pos_neg	4367
That is what we want our kids to think .	That is not what we want our kids to think .	pos_neg	4368
These plans are cheap .	These plans are not cheap .	pos_neg	4369
It is good .	It is not good .	pos_neg	4370
But self-awareness seemed to be part of the volatile mix .	But self-awareness did not seem to be part of the volatile mix .	pos_neg	4371
Johnson was ready to claim the title .	Johnson was not ready to claim the title .	pos_neg	4372
He currently has a school place .	He currently does not have a school place .	pos_neg	4373
Defense attorneys appealed .	Defense attorneys did not appeal .	pos_neg	4374
You know what you are missing .	You do not know what you are missing .	pos_neg	4375
Sadly our present governing body is .	Sadly our present governing body is not .	pos_neg	4376
Society tolerates the open expression of rage without consequences .	Society does not tolerate the open expression of rage without consequences .	pos_neg	4377
Graduate earning power The discovery apparently is particularly rare .	Graduate earning power The discovery apparently is not particularly rare .	pos_neg	4378
But she has become a Stepford citizen .	But she has not become a Stepford citizen .	pos_neg	4379
" It fazed him , " Flowe said .	" It did not faze him , " Flowe said .	pos_neg	4380
For the record , we are offering this book to libraries .	For the record , we are not offering this book to libraries .	pos_neg	4381
Which is to say they lack commitment .	Which is not to say they lack commitment .	pos_neg	4382
She paints or write .	She does not paint or write .	pos_neg	4383
Venezuela cultivates the leaf from which cocaine is derived .	Venezuela does not cultivate the leaf from which cocaine is derived .	pos_neg	4384
You are there to grandstand on the world stage .	You are not there to grandstand on the world stage .	pos_neg	4385
Williams invited Robinson or Minns .	Williams did not invite Robinson or Minns .	pos_neg	4386
Cambodian people care about it .	Cambodian people do not care about it .	pos_neg	4387
He is going to be on bread and water .	He is not going to be on bread and water .	pos_neg	4388
He got the job .	He did not get the job .	pos_neg	4389
We have lost many people too but we dwell on it .	We have lost many people too but we do not dwell on it .	pos_neg	4390
That helped the show 's chances for future success .	That did not help the show 's chances for future success .	pos_neg	4391
" Engleby " is .	" Engleby " is not .	pos_neg	4392
Such grim volunteer work is entirely new to the region .	Such grim volunteer work is not entirely new to the region .	pos_neg	4393
Wine tasting holidays are new .	Wine tasting holidays are not new .	pos_neg	4394
'Negative consequences' And , they went there gracefully .	'Negative consequences' And , they did not go there gracefully .	pos_neg	4395
The police said what the motive was .	The police did not say what the motive was .	pos_neg	4396
A message left with a lawyer for defendants was immediately returned Friday .	A message left with a lawyer for defendants was not immediately returned Friday .	pos_neg	4397
Saipov 's murder has been reported by official Uzbek media .	Saipov 's murder has not been reported by official Uzbek media .	pos_neg	4398
The answer is so simple .	The answer is not so simple .	pos_neg	4399
I want to pray for a change .	I do not want to pray for a change .	pos_neg	4400
Mr. Ford returned a call to his office in Dallas .	Mr. Ford did not return a call to his office in Dallas .	pos_neg	4401
The identities of the two men were released .	The identities of the two men were not released .	pos_neg	4402
Men who have nothing to hide talk in code .	Men who have nothing to hide do not talk in code .	pos_neg	4403
Of course , Huckabee swears he is interested in second place .	Of course , Huckabee swears he is not interested in second place .	pos_neg	4404
Despite its importance , the presidency is the issue .	Despite its importance , the presidency is not the issue .	pos_neg	4405
The bank had drawn on the emergency facility by Sunday .	The bank had not drawn on the emergency facility by Sunday .	pos_neg	4406
But they were .	But they were not .	pos_neg	4407
Flight crews participated .	Flight crews did not participate .	pos_neg	4408
Mr. and Mrs. Kutcher were present for those festivities .	Mr. and Mrs. Kutcher were not present for those festivities .	pos_neg	4409
It was immediately clear whether Chacon had an attorney .	It was not immediately clear whether Chacon had an attorney .	pos_neg	4410
I am racist .	I am not racist .	pos_neg	4411
But simply wanting this to be the case is enough .	But simply wanting this to be the case is not enough .	pos_neg	4412
Many finish .	Many do not finish .	pos_neg	4413
I knew it is going to be easy .	I knew it is not going to be easy .	pos_neg	4414
Those parts have survived .	Those parts have not survived .	pos_neg	4415
Obviously , coach Bill Belichick wants to play this way .	Obviously , coach Bill Belichick does not want to play this way .	pos_neg	4416
It was all bad news .	It was not all bad news .	pos_neg	4417
He was involved in the study but reviewed the findings for WebMD .	He was not involved in the study but reviewed the findings for WebMD .	pos_neg	4418
Director David Yates was available for comment .	Director David Yates was not available for comment .	pos_neg	4419
" The ministers , they get out , " he said .	" The ministers , they do not get out , " he said .	pos_neg	4420
Ducks and geese were displaying symptoms , Landeg added .	Ducks and geese were not displaying symptoms , Landeg added .	pos_neg	4421
Help me , I want to drown .	Help me , I do not want to drown .	pos_neg	4422
Nowadays , they are allowed to do that .	Nowadays , they are not allowed to do that .	pos_neg	4423
They just were expecting to use their skills so quickly .	They just were not expecting to use their skills so quickly .	pos_neg	4424
It also gives a motive .	It also does not give a motive .	pos_neg	4425
Vote for the republic and boycott the nation .	Vote for the republic and do not boycott the nation .	pos_neg	4426
A message left for Riccio was immediately returned .	A message left for Riccio was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	4427
Politics and Judi Giuliani have always gone well together .	Politics and Judi Giuliani have not always gone well together .	pos_neg	4428
The younger Stevens also has been charged .	The younger Stevens also has not been charged .	pos_neg	4429
It is clear , however , what more there is to study .	It is not clear , however , what more there is to study .	pos_neg	4430
I think you can afford to .	I do not think you can afford to .	pos_neg	4431
About the Pentagon Memorial Fund : We are confrontational .	About the Pentagon Memorial Fund : We are not confrontational .	pos_neg	4432
The Gipp piece has been scheduled for broadcast , he said .	The Gipp piece has not been scheduled for broadcast , he said .	pos_neg	4433
Racism is a problem he often hears about .	Racism is not a problem he often hears about .	pos_neg	4434
There was triple overtime or a last-second field goal .	There was not triple overtime or a last-second field goal .	pos_neg	4435
It is like they are Zac Efron and Vanessa Hudgens .	It is not like they are Zac Efron and Vanessa Hudgens .	pos_neg	4436
Chicken Charlie 's is health food .	Chicken Charlie 's is not health food .	pos_neg	4437
Earlier targets for nuclear generation have been met .	Earlier targets for nuclear generation have not been met .	pos_neg	4438
The person requested anonymity because the union had released details .	The person requested anonymity because the union had not released details .	pos_neg	4439
Wednesday EDT and then was heard from again .	Wednesday EDT and then was not heard from again .	pos_neg	4440
" Children forget that easily , " he said .	" Children do not forget that easily , " he said .	pos_neg	4441
It seems like this will be a short-term project .	It does not seem like this will be a short-term project .	pos_neg	4442
It is real marriage .	It is not real marriage .	pos_neg	4443
Gen Musharraf agrees .	Gen Musharraf does not agree .	pos_neg	4444
The Colts ( 7-2 ) have a choice .	The Colts ( 7-2 ) do not have a choice .	pos_neg	4445
But he is your average candidate .	But he is not your average candidate .	pos_neg	4446
His condition was immediately known .	His condition was not immediately known .	pos_neg	4447
If Sabathia was coming unglued , his demeanor showed it .	If Sabathia was coming unglued , his demeanor did not show it .	pos_neg	4448
A final official report on the events has been released .	A final official report on the events has not been released .	pos_neg	4449
But that was the end of it .	But that was not the end of it .	pos_neg	4450
They have to run .	They do not have to run .	pos_neg	4451
" I think we have time , " she told reporters .	" I do not think we have time , " she told reporters .	pos_neg	4452
He says I am dedicated .	He says I am not dedicated .	pos_neg	4453
But Mr Rhodie left it there .	But Mr Rhodie did not leave it there .	pos_neg	4454
Surveillance images , so far , have that signature .	Surveillance images , so far , do not have that signature .	pos_neg	4455
Sascha was making noises , but I was allowed anywhere near him .	Sascha was making noises , but I was not allowed anywhere near him .	pos_neg	4456
But it is just the banks .	But it is not just the banks .	pos_neg	4457
" It was good , " he said , ruefully .	" It was not good , " he said , ruefully .	pos_neg	4458
France , generals told Ball , had won a war since Napoleon .	France , generals told Ball , had not won a war since Napoleon .	pos_neg	4459
White liked it .	White did not like it .	pos_neg	4460
There were many logistical problems and the organisation was very smooth .	There were many logistical problems and the organisation was not very smooth .	pos_neg	4461
These are things they have done before .	These are things they have not done before .	pos_neg	4462
Many missing objects , of course , involve a crime .	Many missing objects , of course , do not involve a crime .	pos_neg	4463
They were crazy for thinking it .	They were not crazy for thinking it .	pos_neg	4464
We just performed and that is the end of it .	We just did not perform and that is the end of it .	pos_neg	4465
DP : But you mentioned electric in all that .	DP : But you did not mention electric in all that .	pos_neg	4466
But the newborn was breathing , so Keisel gently administered CPR .	But the newborn was not breathing , so Keisel gently administered CPR .	pos_neg	4467
In their current situation , that is likely .	In their current situation , that is not likely .	pos_neg	4468
" " They mean to harm us .	" " They do not mean to harm us .	pos_neg	4469
They have an appreciation for where corporate America has gone .	They do not have an appreciation for where corporate America has gone .	pos_neg	4470
Santiago survived , but his condition was known Wednesday morning .	Santiago survived , but his condition was not known Wednesday morning .	pos_neg	4471
Circuit Court Judge Dwight D. Jackson bought it .	Circuit Court Judge Dwight D. Jackson did not buy it .	pos_neg	4472
A Yahoo spokeswoman was immediately available for comment .	A Yahoo spokeswoman was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	4473
Campbell talked publicly about her reporting or her conversations with Chavez .	Campbell did not talk publicly about her reporting or her conversations with Chavez .	pos_neg	4474
But members of her own party agreed .	But members of her own party did not agree .	pos_neg	4475
Yet these are the voter forums of 1999 .	Yet these are not the voter forums of 1999 .	pos_neg	4476
But that was the case in Farmington .	But that was not the case in Farmington .	pos_neg	4477
But bother telling that to the chamber of commerce .	But do not bother telling that to the chamber of commerce .	pos_neg	4478
" I think he fears it , " Lowell said .	" I do not think he fears it , " Lowell said .	pos_neg	4479
It was clear what prompted the change of heart .	It was not clear what prompted the change of heart .	pos_neg	4480
I was aware that our position was going to be so controversial .	I was not aware that our position was going to be so controversial .	pos_neg	4481
The Blackhawks have played in the Stanley Cup finals in 15 years .	The Blackhawks have not played in the Stanley Cup finals in 15 years .	pos_neg	4482
Unfortunately , the weather was .	Unfortunately , the weather was not .	pos_neg	4483
It said the company supported local producers .	It said the company did not support local producers .	pos_neg	4484
Bet that special someone has one of those beauties .	Bet that special someone does not have one of those beauties .	pos_neg	4485
The problem is the feeling is always mutual .	The problem is the feeling is not always mutual .	pos_neg	4486
Emanuel just gets the Satan analogy .	Emanuel just does not get the Satan analogy .	pos_neg	4487
Credit card payment approvals worked .	Credit card payment approvals did not work .	pos_neg	4488
Performance data quoted represents past performance and guarantees future results .	Performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results .	pos_neg	4489
It is inaccurate .	It is not inaccurate .	pos_neg	4490
The bad news ended there .	The bad news did not end there .	pos_neg	4491
Perhaps , some experts say , things are as they appear .	Perhaps , some experts say , things are not as they appear .	pos_neg	4492
" This is going to intimidate the sheiks , " he said .	" This is not going to intimidate the sheiks , " he said .	pos_neg	4493
Just to show myself I was afraid .	Just to show myself I was not afraid .	pos_neg	4494
It includes spent fuel from nuclear power plants .	It does not include spent fuel from nuclear power plants .	pos_neg	4495
Needless to say , the queen 's aides are amused .	Needless to say , the queen 's aides are not amused .	pos_neg	4496
LC : No , I think I am .	LC : No , I do not think I am .	pos_neg	4497
He identified the player .	He did not identify the player .	pos_neg	4498
" " I believe there are two Americas .	" " I do not believe there are two Americas .	pos_neg	4499
The 19-year-old said her expectations were quite so high this time .	The 19-year-old said her expectations were not quite so high this time .	pos_neg	4500
F red Wertheimer is what you would call laid-back .	F red Wertheimer is not what you would call laid-back .	pos_neg	4501
" It is like the ' 20s and ' 30s .	" It is not like the ' 20s and ' 30s .	pos_neg	4502
Economic reform alone is a recipe for happiness .	Economic reform alone is not a recipe for happiness .	pos_neg	4503
It is just the Kurds of Halabja who are angry .	It is not just the Kurds of Halabja who are angry .	pos_neg	4504
Lawyers fighting the demolition say they have exhausted their legal options .	Lawyers fighting the demolition say they have not exhausted their legal options .	pos_neg	4505
That is his biggest secret .	That is not his biggest secret .	pos_neg	4506
Drug innovation , of course , ceased .	Drug innovation , of course , did not cease .	pos_neg	4507
AEP said it had violated the Clean Air Act .	AEP said it had not violated the Clean Air Act .	pos_neg	4508
I pretend to be the answer man .	I do not pretend to be the answer man .	pos_neg	4509
He responded to an interview request .	He did not respond to an interview request .	pos_neg	4510
A spokeswoman for Target was immediately available for comment .	A spokeswoman for Target was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	4511
I knew what I could do .	I did not know what I could do .	pos_neg	4512
What they really object to is our funding but our views .	What they really object to is not our funding but our views .	pos_neg	4513
" They feel safe here , " she said .	" They do not feel safe here , " she said .	pos_neg	4514
He responded to further requests for comment .	He did not respond to further requests for comment .	pos_neg	4515
We are talking about exceptionally large women .	We are not talking about exceptionally large women .	pos_neg	4516
Rawlinson was prepared to go that far .	Rawlinson was not prepared to go that far .	pos_neg	4517
We interfere .	We do not interfere .	pos_neg	4518
And 44 percent think that current global climate is unprecedentedly warm .	And 44 percent do not think that current global climate is unprecedentedly warm .	pos_neg	4519
Coupon-clipping just is enough .	Coupon-clipping just is not enough .	pos_neg	4520
They used gun , no .	They did not use gun , no .	pos_neg	4521
" It is easy to find a wolf , " Cooper notes .	" It is not easy to find a wolf , " Cooper notes .	pos_neg	4522
He has to be electrifying .	He does not have to be electrifying .	pos_neg	4523
If waterboarding is torture , torture is constitutional .	If waterboarding is torture , torture is not constitutional .	pos_neg	4524
But the old values have been discarded completely .	But the old values have not been discarded completely .	pos_neg	4525
They are above mounting their trough and defecating into their food .	They are not above mounting their trough and defecating into their food .	pos_neg	4526
His demands , though , are unreasonable .	His demands , though , are not unreasonable .	pos_neg	4527
It is that he is unfamiliar with the gouging out of eyes .	It is not that he is unfamiliar with the gouging out of eyes .	pos_neg	4528
But you have to play that game .	But you do not have to play that game .	pos_neg	4529
War is the answer .	War is not the answer .	pos_neg	4530
National Security Council spokeswoman Kate Starr addressed the comment .	National Security Council spokeswoman Kate Starr did not address the comment .	pos_neg	4531
You get that with a cat .	You do not get that with a cat .	pos_neg	4532
The Israeli army commented on the incident .	The Israeli army did not comment on the incident .	pos_neg	4533
Thus TS 's figures add up .	Thus TS 's figures do not add up .	pos_neg	4534
The universe is decelerating ; it is accelerating .	The universe is not decelerating ; it is accelerating .	pos_neg	4535
They counted proposed legislation .	They did not count proposed legislation .	pos_neg	4536
Latinos were segregated in the service , as African Americans were .	Latinos were not segregated in the service , as African Americans were .	pos_neg	4537
He struck me as prone to violence .	He did not strike me as prone to violence .	pos_neg	4538
Only two of 17 motorcycles taken from the beach have been returned .	Only two of 17 motorcycles taken from the beach have not been returned .	pos_neg	4539
That has entirely scared teams away from running backs .	That has not entirely scared teams away from running backs .	pos_neg	4540
" " I was promoting drugs .	" " I was not promoting drugs .	pos_neg	4541
But there are a lot of things that I see now .	But there are a lot of things that I do not see now .	pos_neg	4542
An enquiry concludes that they were killed deliberately .	An enquiry concludes that they were not killed deliberately .	pos_neg	4543
Thomas insisted the move was punitive .	Thomas insisted the move was not punitive .	pos_neg	4544
Efforts to reach the Vatican spokesman in Rome were successful .	Efforts to reach the Vatican spokesman in Rome were not successful .	pos_neg	4545
It took long to figure out just how unpersuasive it was .	It did not take long to figure out just how unpersuasive it was .	pos_neg	4546
It stayed close for long .	It did not stay close for long .	pos_neg	4547
He insists that he is targeting Peters because he is a Democrat .	He insists that he is not targeting Peters because he is a Democrat .	pos_neg	4548
Dozens of police in riot gear followed the protesters but intervened .	Dozens of police in riot gear followed the protesters but did not intervene .	pos_neg	4549
She has talked about it since .	She has not talked about it since .	pos_neg	4550
We are prepared right now .	We are not prepared right now .	pos_neg	4551
But that is necessarily the point of the meetings .	But that is not necessarily the point of the meetings .	pos_neg	4552
But critics charge that the changes go far enough .	But critics charge that the changes do not go far enough .	pos_neg	4553
We know what happened to them .	We do not know what happened to them .	pos_neg	4554
One of those consequences is professors like Christians .	One of those consequences is professors do not like Christians .	pos_neg	4555
Other swipes have been so veiled .	Other swipes have not been so veiled .	pos_neg	4556
He was identified .	He was not identified .	pos_neg	4557
Lieberman Calls Liberal Democratic Base Paranoid You truly know .	Lieberman Calls Liberal Democratic Base Paranoid You truly do not know .	pos_neg	4558
He had seen his friends since .	He had not seen his friends since .	pos_neg	4559
Bouteflika Was At The Scene When The Bomb Was Detonated .	Bouteflika Was Not At The Scene When The Bomb Was Detonated .	pos_neg	4560
" I believe he is incompetent , " O 'Briant said .	" I do not believe he is incompetent , " O 'Briant said .	pos_neg	4561
It would have been glorious , but it was to be .	It would have been glorious , but it was not to be .	pos_neg	4562
Exchanges are the only parts of the financial-services industry to be coveted .	Exchanges are not the only parts of the financial-services industry to be coveted .	pos_neg	4563
That is the only surprise out this way .	That is not the only surprise out this way .	pos_neg	4564
But they also knew if they took Moss. he would die .	But they also knew if they did not take Moss. he would die .	pos_neg	4565
It supports my work e-mail .	It does not support my work e-mail .	pos_neg	4566
We need to act boldly because time is on our side .	We need to act boldly because time is not on our side .	pos_neg	4567
" " This was just a matter of public opinion .	" " This was not just a matter of public opinion .	pos_neg	4568
Unfortunately , I believe I would on this occasion .	Unfortunately , I do not believe I would on this occasion .	pos_neg	4569
But this does justice to a truly traumatic decade .	But this does not do justice to a truly traumatic decade .	pos_neg	4570
The fans seem to mind , Jack said .	The fans do not seem to mind , Jack said .	pos_neg	4571
He specified the INF treaty .	He did not specify the INF treaty .	pos_neg	4572
It is the way we want to be .	It is not the way we want to be .	pos_neg	4573
Cartooning became a major art .	Cartooning did not become a major art .	pos_neg	4574
The late move of the Amateur is unprecedented .	The late move of the Amateur is not unprecedented .	pos_neg	4575
It mentioned casualties .	It did not mention casualties .	pos_neg	4576
Mitchell responded to requests for comment .	Mitchell did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	4577
It matters if films play fast and loose with historical facts .	It does not matter if films play fast and loose with historical facts .	pos_neg	4578
He gave a toss about robots or Lego .	He did not give a toss about robots or Lego .	pos_neg	4579
Correia has allowed more than two runs in a start this season .	Correia has not allowed more than two runs in a start this season .	pos_neg	4580
" Because it mattered , " Buttros said .	" Because it did not matter , " Buttros said .	pos_neg	4581
It is what this country is about .	It is not what this country is about .	pos_neg	4582
But Vlad was a vampire .	But Vlad was not a vampire .	pos_neg	4583
" " I have got a smidgen of dissatisfaction from him .	" " I have not got a smidgen of dissatisfaction from him .	pos_neg	4584
Her last two decades have been smooth ones .	Her last two decades have not been smooth ones .	pos_neg	4585
Share personal items like bath towels .	Do not share personal items like bath towels .	pos_neg	4586
You have to look at his statistics .	You do not have to look at his statistics .	pos_neg	4587
The low point for me is we won the game .	The low point for me is we did not win the game .	pos_neg	4588
Mr. Robles said he was trying to play down the crime problem .	Mr. Robles said he was not trying to play down the crime problem .	pos_neg	4589
The Rev. Al Sharpton had been expected to participate but appeared .	The Rev. Al Sharpton had been expected to participate but did not appear .	pos_neg	4590
Going home , though , is quite what it used to be .	Going home , though , is not quite what it used to be .	pos_neg	4591
The Knicks said how long he would be out .	The Knicks did not say how long he would be out .	pos_neg	4592
If you have already missed payments , ignore your lender .	If you have already missed payments , do not ignore your lender .	pos_neg	4593
Bast suddenly became aware that the baby was moving .	Bast suddenly became aware that the baby was not moving .	pos_neg	4594
Police have revealed how the killings took place .	Police have not revealed how the killings took place .	pos_neg	4595
He told French radio the aid workers were child traffickers .	He told French radio the aid workers were not child traffickers .	pos_neg	4596
We know everything .	We do not know everything .	pos_neg	4597
LC : I recall .	LC : I do not recall .	pos_neg	4598
The report says how far along the girl 's pregnancy was .	The report does not say how far along the girl 's pregnancy was .	pos_neg	4599
That is to say that Mr. Ahmadinejad is insignificant .	That is not to say that Mr. Ahmadinejad is insignificant .	pos_neg	4600
The observatory is expected to be feline-free for long .	The observatory is not expected to be feline-free for long .	pos_neg	4601
Police Claim Shoot to Kill Orders Armani needs an iconic handbag .	Police Claim Shoot to Kill Orders Armani does not need an iconic handbag .	pos_neg	4602
As of Monday afternoon , Ballein had heard back .	As of Monday afternoon , Ballein had not heard back .	pos_neg	4603
We are going to speculate as to what happened .	We are not going to speculate as to what happened .	pos_neg	4604
The concession was part of the N.F.L. ' s game plan .	The concession was not part of the N.F.L. ' s game plan .	pos_neg	4605
Judge Tosses 1 Count in Jena Race Fight Iran was without allies .	Judge Tosses 1 Count in Jena Race Fight Iran was not without allies .	pos_neg	4606
It is tendinitis .	It is not tendinitis .	pos_neg	4607
Calls and e-mails to CBS Paramount were immediately returned .	Calls and e-mails to CBS Paramount were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	4608
I deserved this .	I did not deserve this .	pos_neg	4609
They worry about fancy interiors .	They do not worry about fancy interiors .	pos_neg	4610
' " It was fair to Aleyna .	' " It was not fair to Aleyna .	pos_neg	4611
" We have given up hope , " he said .	" We have not given up hope , " he said .	pos_neg	4612
I realized he was ill .	I did not realize he was ill .	pos_neg	4613
We know if Barry Bonds will be convicted .	We do not know if Barry Bonds will be convicted .	pos_neg	4614
Fame is a measure of success nor is money .	Fame is not a measure of success nor is money .	pos_neg	4615
When the United States dropped its rate , other banks followed .	When the United States dropped its rate , other banks did not follow .	pos_neg	4616
They feel like guys are the competition .	They do not feel like guys are the competition .	pos_neg	4617
If there was something you understood , he would explain it .	If there was something you did not understand , he would explain it .	pos_neg	4618
Telephone messages seeking comment from others charged in the probe were returned .	Telephone messages seeking comment from others charged in the probe were not returned .	pos_neg	4619
I am furious that the Department of Education supported her .	I am furious that the Department of Education did not support her .	pos_neg	4620
They protested .	They did not protest .	pos_neg	4621
'The fact that it is a blind trust hides it .	'The fact that it is a blind trust does not hide it .	pos_neg	4622
" Silence stops the arrests , " Mahmoud said .	" Silence does not stop the arrests , " Mahmoud said .	pos_neg	4623
It is relevant as the chart position it gets .	It is not relevant as the chart position it gets .	pos_neg	4624
This is common practice for the credit-card industry .	This is not common practice for the credit-card industry .	pos_neg	4625
Small-time whalers now commercially hunt only whales that are regulated internationally .	Small-time whalers now commercially hunt only whales that are not regulated internationally .	pos_neg	4626
But voters see him as a typical Republican .	But voters do not see him as a typical Republican .	pos_neg	4627
To Michael Vick : A cellmate who is an animal lover .	To Michael Vick : A cellmate who is not an animal lover .	pos_neg	4628
Antihistamines , including brompheniramine and chlorpheniramine , relieve cold symptoms .	Antihistamines , including brompheniramine and chlorpheniramine , do not relieve cold symptoms .	pos_neg	4629
To question this is to give in to racism .	To question this is not to give in to racism .	pos_neg	4630
I am sure of the solution here .	I am not sure of the solution here .	pos_neg	4631
Thaksin commented publicly on the election results .	Thaksin did not comment publicly on the election results .	pos_neg	4632
Messages left for Wasser and Wickers were immediately returned .	Messages left for Wasser and Wickers were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	4633
Mr. McCain : 624787 What we need is stoking racial resentment .	Mr. McCain : 624787 What we do not need is stoking racial resentment .	pos_neg	4634
This was the kind of support I was looking for .	This was not the kind of support I was looking for .	pos_neg	4635
Sports Illustrated was alone .	Sports Illustrated was not alone .	pos_neg	4636
The truth is that I really know him very well .	The truth is that I really do not know him very well .	pos_neg	4637
She has said she intends to drop out of the race .	She has said she does not intend to drop out of the race .	pos_neg	4638
PetroChina was the only Chinese company to surpass stockmarket expectations .	PetroChina was not the only Chinese company to surpass stockmarket expectations .	pos_neg	4639
It just matters .	It just does not matter .	pos_neg	4640
The fight over 2008 appropriations bills is a fight over spending .	The fight over 2008 appropriations bills is not a fight over spending .	pos_neg	4641
Visitors must normally provide references proving that they are journalists .	Visitors must normally provide references proving that they are not journalists .	pos_neg	4642
He is trusted .	He is not trusted .	pos_neg	4643
LC : All right , you saw something that happened .	LC : All right , you saw something that did not happen .	pos_neg	4644
We are acting as fans .	We are not acting as fans .	pos_neg	4645
Russia and China commented .	Russia and China did not comment .	pos_neg	4646
But she has been back at the Met .	But she has not been back at the Met .	pos_neg	4647
But Mr Madrazo has insisted he cheated .	But Mr Madrazo has insisted he did not cheat .	pos_neg	4648
" We know Sean 's story , " Portis said .	" We do not know Sean 's story , " Portis said .	pos_neg	4649
I wondered about what my perfect person would be like .	I did not wonder about what my perfect person would be like .	pos_neg	4650
Good thing I am an illegal immigrant .	Good thing I am not an illegal immigrant .	pos_neg	4651
That appeared to be the case yesterday .	That did not appear to be the case yesterday .	pos_neg	4652
Figures outlining the level of compensation paid in previous years were available .	Figures outlining the level of compensation paid in previous years were not available .	pos_neg	4653
The most common problem is getting access to the rubbish .	The most common problem is not getting access to the rubbish .	pos_neg	4654
" " These results change our fundamental view .	" " These results do not change our fundamental view .	pos_neg	4655
Biden : I am running against Hillary Clinton .	Biden : I am not running against Hillary Clinton .	pos_neg	4656
Craig has said he is gay .	Craig has said he is not gay .	pos_neg	4657
But let this keep you from the film .	But do not let this keep you from the film .	pos_neg	4658
She needed to be in public life .	She did not need to be in public life .	pos_neg	4659
But a rate cut , though widely anticipated , is guaranteed .	But a rate cut , though widely anticipated , is not guaranteed .	pos_neg	4660
It is just the developing world .	It is not just the developing world .	pos_neg	4661
I am disappointed that Con Ed was fined more .	I am disappointed that Con Ed was not fined more .	pos_neg	4662
It is like the end of the world .	It is not like the end of the world .	pos_neg	4663
But we have .	But we have not .	pos_neg	4664
" I am Thelma Lou , " she says .	" I am not Thelma Lou , " she says .	pos_neg	4665
But fuel economy is the only benefit .	But fuel economy is not the only benefit .	pos_neg	4666
I have the answer to every educational problem .	I do not have the answer to every educational problem .	pos_neg	4667
We know what contingency will be out there .	We do not know what contingency will be out there .	pos_neg	4668
The general came from a log cabin .	The general did not come from a log cabin .	pos_neg	4669
The FTC commented on this year 's prices .	The FTC did not comment on this year 's prices .	pos_neg	4670
He elaborated further .	He did not elaborate further .	pos_neg	4671
They are going to win a war as a result .	They are not going to win a war as a result .	pos_neg	4672
Shister is optimistic about Lane 's chances for keeping her job .	Shister is not optimistic about Lane 's chances for keeping her job .	pos_neg	4673
The exact nature of the risk was disclosed .	The exact nature of the risk was not disclosed .	pos_neg	4674
They are very good at being challenged on the subject .	They are not very good at being challenged on the subject .	pos_neg	4675
Sunday 's second half was a thing of beauty for the Patriots .	Sunday 's second half was not a thing of beauty for the Patriots .	pos_neg	4676
It was always like this , Kura insisted .	It was not always like this , Kura insisted .	pos_neg	4677
Urquhart says the truck has been found .	Urquhart says the truck has not been found .	pos_neg	4678
" Charity is a health care system , " Dr. Dickinson said .	" Charity is not a health care system , " Dr. Dickinson said .	pos_neg	4679
Overstraightment : I am gay .	Overstraightment : I am not gay .	pos_neg	4680
Hall was the only one caught off guard by the move .	Hall was not the only one caught off guard by the move .	pos_neg	4681
Besabe said his life here has been easy , nor happy .	Besabe said his life here has not been easy , nor happy .	pos_neg	4682
However , Stamos pressed charges .	However , Stamos did not press charges .	pos_neg	4683
But I want to minimize the significance of the administrative actions .	But I do not want to minimize the significance of the administrative actions .	pos_neg	4684
The police charged the yob .	The police did not charge the yob .	pos_neg	4685
But they use it in the Hawaii drills .	But they do not use it in the Hawaii drills .	pos_neg	4686
Sixty-seven-year-old men ready to walk away behave like Gibbs .	Sixty-seven-year-old men ready to walk away do not behave like Gibbs .	pos_neg	4687
But UConn is without a star rusher .	But UConn is not without a star rusher .	pos_neg	4688
He has won a title since 2005 in St. Petersburg , Russia .	He has not won a title since 2005 in St. Petersburg , Russia .	pos_neg	4689
The investment banks expect the bidders to honour tomorrow 's deadline .	The investment banks do not expect the bidders to honour tomorrow 's deadline .	pos_neg	4690
Those concerns are everywhere .	Those concerns are not everywhere .	pos_neg	4691
She has a grounding .	She does not have a grounding .	pos_neg	4692
Actually , the part about no plane crashes is universally followed .	Actually , the part about no plane crashes is not universally followed .	pos_neg	4693
Rice was present for the meeting .	Rice was not present for the meeting .	pos_neg	4694
It is the solution .	It is not the solution .	pos_neg	4695
, who has a girlfriend and lives with a roommate .	, who does not have a girlfriend and lives with a roommate .	pos_neg	4696
But it is passengers they are talking to .	But it is not passengers they are talking to .	pos_neg	4697
Details on charges were immediately available .	Details on charges were not immediately available .	pos_neg	4698
It was right , they said .	It was not right , they said .	pos_neg	4699
" " That is 299 million people who know your music .	" " That is 299 million people who do not know your music .	pos_neg	4700
Dallas also allowed a touchdown for the first time this season .	Dallas also did not allow a touchdown for the first time this season .	pos_neg	4701
Hamit Altintop 's delivery beats the first man , Gavin McCann .	Hamit Altintop 's delivery does not beat the first man , Gavin McCann .	pos_neg	4702
It was immediately known how far below the surface the accident occurred .	It was not immediately known how far below the surface the accident occurred .	pos_neg	4703
" These are minor details , " he said .	" These are not minor details , " he said .	pos_neg	4704
It is chicken feed .	It is not chicken feed .	pos_neg	4705
But this is a pragmatic collection .	But this is not a pragmatic collection .	pos_neg	4706
I had the nerve to go .	I did not have the nerve to go .	pos_neg	4707
But this is a perfect world .	But this is not a perfect world .	pos_neg	4708
Clinton acknowledged she sat in on National Security Council meetings .	Clinton acknowledged she did not sit in on National Security Council meetings .	pos_neg	4709
" That is how you play the game , " Peterson said .	" That is not how you play the game , " Peterson said .	pos_neg	4710
And most of us wish he had .	And most of us wish he had not .	pos_neg	4711
But he endorsed or reject the proposal .	But he did not endorse or reject the proposal .	pos_neg	4712
Mr. Schussel responded to a telephone message last week .	Mr. Schussel did not respond to a telephone message last week .	pos_neg	4713
Tomorrow , it is the Big Apple he will need to satisfy .	Tomorrow , it is not the Big Apple he will need to satisfy .	pos_neg	4714
Hotz said the companies had been in touch with him .	Hotz said the companies had not been in touch with him .	pos_neg	4715
The economics award is one of the original Nobel Prizes .	The economics award is not one of the original Nobel Prizes .	pos_neg	4716
It is hard to see why .	It is not hard to see why .	pos_neg	4717
I knew why .	I did not know why .	pos_neg	4718
For Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , that is soon enough .	For Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , that is not soon enough .	pos_neg	4719
And we are frustrated , but we are giving up .	And we are frustrated , but we are not giving up .	pos_neg	4720
But for me ( 1991 ) is a pressure .	But for me ( 1991 ) is not a pressure .	pos_neg	4721
This is quite accurate .	This is not quite accurate .	pos_neg	4722
But expect from the IOC what the IOC cannot do .	But do not expect from the IOC what the IOC cannot do .	pos_neg	4723
Thus these women were chance victims of a street attacker .	Thus these women were not chance victims of a street attacker .	pos_neg	4724
Her family was expected to accompany Ms. Bhutto on her flight home .	Her family was not expected to accompany Ms. Bhutto on her flight home .	pos_neg	4725
Mr Veltroni retorted that he was about to mortgage the government .	Mr Veltroni retorted that he was not about to mortgage the government .	pos_neg	4726
I was having success .	I was not having success .	pos_neg	4727
It is tabloid obsession that makes me inquire .	It is not tabloid obsession that makes me inquire .	pos_neg	4728
It is a good life .	It is not a good life .	pos_neg	4729
He said it was possible to predict when a quake might strike .	He said it was not possible to predict when a quake might strike .	pos_neg	4730
But even that drastic surgery is 100 percent effective .	But even that drastic surgery is not 100 percent effective .	pos_neg	4731
Tim Goguen had such problems .	Tim Goguen did not have such problems .	pos_neg	4732
Who brought up the topic patient or doctor was asked .	Who brought up the topic patient or doctor was not asked .	pos_neg	4733
They later told the court he presented a danger .	They later told the court he did not present a danger .	pos_neg	4734
Innocent people plead guilty .	Innocent people do not plead guilty .	pos_neg	4735
He is thought to be attending the march on Saturday .	He is not thought to be attending the march on Saturday .	pos_neg	4736
the weather has changed and there are more speed cameras .	the weather has not changed and there are more speed cameras .	pos_neg	4737
And they were just reading her weekly section .	And they were not just reading her weekly section .	pos_neg	4738
" Writing is a job description , " she said .	" Writing is not a job description , " she said .	pos_neg	4739
Three days later , he was so sure .	Three days later , he was not so sure .	pos_neg	4740
That is clear .	That is not clear .	pos_neg	4741
They talk to each other that week .	They do not talk to each other that week .	pos_neg	4742
I intend to be back in court again .	I do not intend to be back in court again .	pos_neg	4743
No , I think they will be .	No , I do not think they will be .	pos_neg	4744
We are sure .	We are not sure .	pos_neg	4745
The 10-favorite lists that follow are 10-best lists .	The 10-favorite lists that follow are not 10-best lists .	pos_neg	4746
He also said the CIA condones torture .	He also said the CIA does not condone torture .	pos_neg	4747
Sometimes we took casualties and were able to inflict casualties .	Sometimes we took casualties and were not able to inflict casualties .	pos_neg	4748
Their infertility is for lack of trying .	Their infertility is not for lack of trying .	pos_neg	4749
She is alone , though .	She is not alone , though .	pos_neg	4750
That has escaped the attention of the Democratic presidential candidates .	That has not escaped the attention of the Democratic presidential candidates .	pos_neg	4751
" We are quite certain about it , " Mr. Tierney said .	" We are not quite certain about it , " Mr. Tierney said .	pos_neg	4752
This is necessarily true .	This is not necessarily true .	pos_neg	4753
I let myself completely out .	I do not let myself completely out .	pos_neg	4754
That is due process .	That is not due process .	pos_neg	4755
Smoltz has beaten the Phillies since July 1 , 2005 .	Smoltz has not beaten the Phillies since July 1 , 2005 .	pos_neg	4756
I feel like Tyler Ziegel .	I do not feel like Tyler Ziegel .	pos_neg	4757
Foster testified .	Foster did not testify .	pos_neg	4758
Belle was on Wren 's to-do list .	Belle was not on Wren 's to-do list .	pos_neg	4759
But assume your success will last .	But do not assume your success will last .	pos_neg	4760
It is as far off as you might think .	It is not as far off as you might think .	pos_neg	4761
Everybody was pretending it was there .	Everybody was pretending it was not there .	pos_neg	4762
" It is about serving the people , " Stewart said .	" It is not about serving the people , " Stewart said .	pos_neg	4763
The " 40-Year-Old Virgin " star simply finds himself hilarious .	The " 40-Year-Old Virgin " star simply does not find himself hilarious .	pos_neg	4764
We are concerned about those now .	We are not concerned about those now .	pos_neg	4765
It is good to remember .	It is not good to remember .	pos_neg	4766
Provisional licence It is a problem .	Provisional licence It is not a problem .	pos_neg	4767
A few years ago Mobley 's pitch was such an easy sell .	A few years ago Mobley 's pitch was not such an easy sell .	pos_neg	4768
Officials at Amylin were immediately available for comment .	Officials at Amylin were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	4769
Will they do it again is the question , I promise you .	Will they do it again is not the question , I promise you .	pos_neg	4770
We need a helicopter PM .	We do not need a helicopter PM .	pos_neg	4771
It is a top-down organization .	It is not a top-down organization .	pos_neg	4772
Clinton was the only Democratic candidate due at the picnic .	Clinton was not the only Democratic candidate due at the picnic .	pos_neg	4773
Police said Murat 's status as a suspect had changed .	Police said Murat 's status as a suspect had not changed .	pos_neg	4774
As you acknowledge , the treaty creates a super-state .	As you acknowledge , the treaty does not create a super-state .	pos_neg	4775
You have to be that way .	You do not have to be that way .	pos_neg	4776
A classy spa guarantees classy clients .	A classy spa does not guarantee classy clients .	pos_neg	4777
Because Todd Haynes 's Dylan film is about Dylan .	Because Todd Haynes 's Dylan film is not about Dylan .	pos_neg	4778
I am a great one for looking back .	I am not a great one for looking back .	pos_neg	4779
Don 't toss a red lipstick in a shade that works .	Don 't toss a red lipstick in a shade that does not work .	pos_neg	4780
Phone calls to lawyers on both sides were returned after the ruling .	Phone calls to lawyers on both sides were not returned after the ruling .	pos_neg	4781
Unfortunately , we have achieved that promise to this point .	Unfortunately , we have not achieved that promise to this point .	pos_neg	4782
But he is a natural fit for Louisiana .	But he is not a natural fit for Louisiana .	pos_neg	4783
" I was trying to make it , " Prammanasudh said .	" I was not trying to make it , " Prammanasudh said .	pos_neg	4784
They have a Churchill to lead and help them .	They do not have a Churchill to lead and help them .	pos_neg	4785
The IRS minds if people are a little nervous .	The IRS does not mind if people are a little nervous .	pos_neg	4786
The effort , however , is without costs .	The effort , however , is not without costs .	pos_neg	4787
" We talk to the Taliban , " he said .	" We do not talk to the Taliban , " he said .	pos_neg	4788
But neither woman pressed charges , so Lemas was arrested .	But neither woman pressed charges , so Lemas was not arrested .	pos_neg	4789
Terms of the acquisition were disclosed .	Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed .	pos_neg	4790
It needs another committee to look at it .	It does not need another committee to look at it .	pos_neg	4791
Sundays are so bad because adrenaline from the game masks the pain .	Sundays are not so bad because adrenaline from the game masks the pain .	pos_neg	4792
" This is a level playing field , " Foote said .	" This is not a level playing field , " Foote said .	pos_neg	4793
Deb Kleiss Prokofy Neva herself has a house .	Deb Kleiss Prokofy Neva herself does not have a house .	pos_neg	4794
" " We have really had time to let it set in .	" " We have not really had time to let it set in .	pos_neg	4795
It was immediately known how many passengers were on board .	It was not immediately known how many passengers were on board .	pos_neg	4796
I am the class clown , that is for sure .	I am not the class clown , that is for sure .	pos_neg	4797
" I am going to lie , " Mrs. Taylor said .	" I am not going to lie , " Mrs. Taylor said .	pos_neg	4798
But that was a McGovern proposal .	But that was not a McGovern proposal .	pos_neg	4799
I can help , but I am that main solution .	I can help , but I am not that main solution .	pos_neg	4800
Police said that the cause of the fire was known .	Police said that the cause of the fire was not known .	pos_neg	4801
That is a good thing as a general manager .	That is not a good thing as a general manager .	pos_neg	4802
And it is just a matter of passing on good genes .	And it is not just a matter of passing on good genes .	pos_neg	4803
Some are so sure Pakistan can do it .	Some are not so sure Pakistan can do it .	pos_neg	4804
Wooster Group , Baryshnikov Arts Center It is like a cowboy hat .	Wooster Group , Baryshnikov Arts Center It is not like a cowboy hat .	pos_neg	4805
It is going to work .	It is not going to work .	pos_neg	4806
It happened ; just the opposite , in fact .	It did not happen ; just the opposite , in fact .	pos_neg	4807
Maybe you have .	Maybe you have not .	pos_neg	4808
" I am interested in attacking my opponents , " said Clinton .	" I am not interested in attacking my opponents , " said Clinton .	pos_neg	4809
Clearly sanctions and diplomatic assaults have had the effect Washington presently desires .	Clearly sanctions and diplomatic assaults have not had the effect Washington presently desires .	pos_neg	4810
Beating the New England Patriots is the big picture .	Beating the New England Patriots is not the big picture .	pos_neg	4811
Until this game , they had led on the road .	Until this game , they had not led on the road .	pos_neg	4812
The game started with that kind of animosity .	The game did not start with that kind of animosity .	pos_neg	4813
" You feel homesick , " he said .	" You do not feel homesick , " he said .	pos_neg	4814
We did that .	We did not do that .	pos_neg	4815
It is about children .	It is not about children .	pos_neg	4816
Enoch Powell was right about immigration .	Enoch Powell was not right about immigration .	pos_neg	4817
Some had slept for days .	Some had not slept for days .	pos_neg	4818
But the US Drug Enforcement Agency agreed .	But the US Drug Enforcement Agency did not agree .	pos_neg	4819
They are unbeatable .	They are not unbeatable .	pos_neg	4820
BUSH : David , my position has changed .	BUSH : David , my position has not changed .	pos_neg	4821
The news came as a complete shock .	The news did not come as a complete shock .	pos_neg	4822
He had to worry .	He did not have to worry .	pos_neg	4823
" Everybody has access to a computer , " she said .	" Everybody does not have access to a computer , " she said .	pos_neg	4824
And Georgia is the only state in trouble .	And Georgia is not the only state in trouble .	pos_neg	4825
He ¬ is himself .	He ¬ is not himself .	pos_neg	4826
Glenn was available for comment .	Glenn was not available for comment .	pos_neg	4827
It really was difficult .	It really was not difficult .	pos_neg	4828
Merrill includes June in the quarter but does include September .	Merrill does not include June in the quarter but does include September .	pos_neg	4829
Her boss decided she was a good fit for the position .	Her boss decided she was not a good fit for the position .	pos_neg	4830
Todd , the prosecutor , returned calls for comment Wednesday .	Todd , the prosecutor , did not return calls for comment Wednesday .	pos_neg	4831
LEE KELLEY : Tread lightly into the realm of military service .	LEE KELLEY : Do not tread lightly into the realm of military service .	pos_neg	4832
Financial terms of the settlement were disclosed .	Financial terms of the settlement were not disclosed .	pos_neg	4833
I mean that racially .	I do not mean that racially .	pos_neg	4834
But it has been all work for the Taiwanese tandem .	But it has not been all work for the Taiwanese tandem .	pos_neg	4835
Happily , this is a zero-sum game .	Happily , this is not a zero-sum game .	pos_neg	4836
I am putting up with this shit .	I am not putting up with this shit .	pos_neg	4837
The respondents confine themselves to loss .	The respondents do not confine themselves to loss .	pos_neg	4838
Corry removed his tracksuit once but was required to play .	Corry removed his tracksuit once but was not required to play .	pos_neg	4839
What it is about , Perino said plainly , is Iran .	What it is not about , Perino said plainly , is Iran .	pos_neg	4840
We are now asking ourselves why we saw this coming .	We are now asking ourselves why we did not see this coming .	pos_neg	4841
I know , but it is an interesting study .	I do not know , but it is an interesting study .	pos_neg	4842
I replied .	I did not reply .	pos_neg	4843
OilWatchdog and FTCR are participants in the lawsuits .	OilWatchdog and FTCR are not participants in the lawsuits .	pos_neg	4844
The two men are related .	The two men are not related .	pos_neg	4845
" I like it , really , " he said .	" I do not like it , really , " he said .	pos_neg	4846
The two sides agree on when payments should begin .	The two sides do not agree on when payments should begin .	pos_neg	4847
And if it was my wife it was my daughter .	And if it was not my wife it was my daughter .	pos_neg	4848
We took the cues to evolve the show .	We did not take the cues to evolve the show .	pos_neg	4849
They saw it as their own fault .	They did not see it as their own fault .	pos_neg	4850
Wade released the identities of the victims .	Wade did not release the identities of the victims .	pos_neg	4851
It was going to help him , Beckett said .	It was not going to help him , Beckett said .	pos_neg	4852
Just expect to party till dawn , that is all .	Just do not expect to party till dawn , that is all .	pos_neg	4853
But that means they are wrong to try .	But that does not mean they are wrong to try .	pos_neg	4854
Binge-eating disorder risk when pregnant Adult eyes provided the standard .	Binge-eating disorder risk when pregnant Adult eyes did not provide the standard .	pos_neg	4855
" A Happy Medium : " Plus means fat .	" A Happy Medium : " Plus does not mean fat .	pos_neg	4856
He said what kind of drugs she took .	He did not say what kind of drugs she took .	pos_neg	4857
Colin walked away from rallying .	Colin did not walk away from rallying .	pos_neg	4858
We asked about steroids .	We did not ask about steroids .	pos_neg	4859
He did this ; it was the son who did it .	He did not do this ; it was the son who did it .	pos_neg	4860
JetBlue flew a full schedule for days .	JetBlue did not fly a full schedule for days .	pos_neg	4861
This includes traffic stops .	This does not include traffic stops .	pos_neg	4862
But Hegar had to worry .	But Hegar did not have to worry .	pos_neg	4863
" " We mind .	" " We do not mind .	pos_neg	4864
Mr. Torralba acknowledges speaking the language but says he is fully conversant .	Mr. Torralba acknowledges speaking the language but says he is not fully conversant .	pos_neg	4865
Day to day living here is as complicated .	Day to day living here is not as complicated .	pos_neg	4866
I think he really meant it , though .	I do not think he really meant it , though .	pos_neg	4867
He addressed the team .	He did not address the team .	pos_neg	4868
But at first he was sure he could do his part .	But at first he was not sure he could do his part .	pos_neg	4869
Rossini was pleased .	Rossini was not pleased .	pos_neg	4870
But the bloodshed was necessarily the result of something inherent in crack .	But the bloodshed was not necessarily the result of something inherent in crack .	pos_neg	4871
Many had had electricity for 24 hours , Ramallo said .	Many had not had electricity for 24 hours , Ramallo said .	pos_neg	4872
Town regeneration Angry response He means it .	Town regeneration Angry response He does not mean it .	pos_neg	4873
Males from monogamous species showed these patterns .	Males from monogamous species did not show these patterns .	pos_neg	4874
( 10 ) I am a bigot .	( 10 ) I am not a bigot .	pos_neg	4875
" Michelle Malkin has said " This book is just a must-read .	" Michelle Malkin has said " This book is not just a must-read .	pos_neg	4876
I am gonna go to court unless you want me there .	I am not gonna go to court unless you want me there .	pos_neg	4877
The woman was operating trains on the days of the shooting .	The woman was not operating trains on the days of the shooting .	pos_neg	4878
She suffered serious injury .	She did not suffer serious injury .	pos_neg	4879
A trial date has been set .	A trial date has not been set .	pos_neg	4880
Their Syrian residency permit has expired .	Their Syrian residency permit has not expired .	pos_neg	4881
Says Hillary Clinton has it in the bag .	Says Hillary Clinton does not have it in the bag .	pos_neg	4882
" Most people want government-run health insurance , " he added .	" Most people do not want government-run health insurance , " he added .	pos_neg	4883
And it is posh .	And it is not posh .	pos_neg	4884
The leadership has been paying attention , if the press has .	The leadership has been paying attention , if the press has not .	pos_neg	4885
Mangini insisted he was giving up on the season .	Mangini insisted he was not giving up on the season .	pos_neg	4886
Clearly she is mature enough to be allowed that privilege .	Clearly she is not mature enough to be allowed that privilege .	pos_neg	4887
He has been seen since .	He has not been seen since .	pos_neg	4888
Doctors are sure what accounts for the discrepancy .	Doctors are not sure what accounts for the discrepancy .	pos_neg	4889
Getting there : Airfare is included in REI 's package .	Getting there : Airfare is not included in REI 's package .	pos_neg	4890
" I am chastising her , " Gordon said .	" I am not chastising her , " Gordon said .	pos_neg	4891
This finding was altogether surprising .	This finding was not altogether surprising .	pos_neg	4892
We took a report .	We did not take a report .	pos_neg	4893
If one corporate scandal gets you , another will .	If one corporate scandal does not get you , another will .	pos_neg	4894
No , I am .	No , I am not .	pos_neg	4895
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio has campaigned in South Carolina .	Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio has not campaigned in South Carolina .	pos_neg	4896
That is because the film is about freshman Democratic Rep. Charlie Wilson .	That is because the film is not about freshman Democratic Rep. Charlie Wilson .	pos_neg	4897
Inflation and growth Moderate drinking seems to increase abdominal fat .	Inflation and growth Moderate drinking does not seem to increase abdominal fat .	pos_neg	4898
But , he added , all is lost for Spears .	But , he added , all is not lost for Spears .	pos_neg	4899
Those who learn from the past will repeat its mistakes .	Those who do not learn from the past will repeat its mistakes .	pos_neg	4900
It matters what insurmountable odds are piled up against these players .	It does not matter what insurmountable odds are piled up against these players .	pos_neg	4901
I have gotten a job .	I have not gotten a job .	pos_neg	4902
it is very fun .	it is not very fun .	pos_neg	4903
They want to hand him over .	They do not want to hand him over .	pos_neg	4904
LEVS : There is one .	LEVS : There is not one .	pos_neg	4905
Jennie Armit insisted her husband of one year was dead .	Jennie Armit insisted her husband of one year was not dead .	pos_neg	4906
He said he wants to authorize more than 15,000 machines .	He said he does not want to authorize more than 15,000 machines .	pos_neg	4907
Bar-Tur challenged this characterization .	Bar-Tur did not challenge this characterization .	pos_neg	4908
Guards were nearby during the interviews but intervened .	Guards were nearby during the interviews but did not intervene .	pos_neg	4909
She was old .	She was not old .	pos_neg	4910
" We were able to do that , " Currie said .	" We were not able to do that , " Currie said .	pos_neg	4911
This war is going well because the foreign policy is defective .	This war is not going well because the foreign policy is defective .	pos_neg	4912
She is an expert , she says .	She is not an expert , she says .	pos_neg	4913
There were no casualties and shipping was disrupted .	There were no casualties and shipping was not disrupted .	pos_neg	4914
He feels like he wants to disturb the moment .	He feels like he does not want to disturb the moment .	pos_neg	4915
They are just for going out for their anniversary .	They are not just for going out for their anniversary .	pos_neg	4916
Everything else is just making noise and helps Europe 's credibility .	Everything else is just making noise and does not help Europe 's credibility .	pos_neg	4917
Prucha had scored since Nov. 15 .	Prucha had not scored since Nov. 15 .	pos_neg	4918
General Petraeus is the only one offering such cautions .	General Petraeus is not the only one offering such cautions .	pos_neg	4919
, who has a stake in the horse .	, who does not have a stake in the horse .	pos_neg	4920
She just did the moves .	She just did not do the moves .	pos_neg	4921
It was immediately known if the Longs were related .	It was not immediately known if the Longs were related .	pos_neg	4922
It is an easy political call .	It is not an easy political call .	pos_neg	4923
It is enough to say that you have changed .	It is not enough to say that you have changed .	pos_neg	4924
But those who worked with Mother Teresa are worried about the timing .	But those who worked with Mother Teresa are not worried about the timing .	pos_neg	4925
We had some guys that played and had a rebound .	We had some guys that played and did not have a rebound .	pos_neg	4926
The news depressed other markets in the way it hurt Treasurys .	The news did not depress other markets in the way it hurt Treasurys .	pos_neg	4927
UConn 's arrival on the football scene has gone unnoticed .	UConn 's arrival on the football scene has not gone unnoticed .	pos_neg	4928
I wish a lot of things had leaked out .	I wish a lot of things had not leaked out .	pos_neg	4929
Bears , of course , were the only creatures on the agenda .	Bears , of course , were not the only creatures on the agenda .	pos_neg	4930
" It is something fake , " she said .	" It is not something fake , " she said .	pos_neg	4931
Those who accepted payment maintained their right to sue .	Those who did not accept payment maintained their right to sue .	pos_neg	4932
The bill introduced today is terrible ; it is just insufficient .	The bill introduced today is not terrible ; it is just insufficient .	pos_neg	4933
Ginger Locke was the foundation of my problem .	Ginger Locke was not the foundation of my problem .	pos_neg	4934
However , a walkout at G.M. seemed likely .	However , a walkout at G.M. did not seem likely .	pos_neg	4935
He is related to the 10-year-old .	He is not related to the 10-year-old .	pos_neg	4936
It was immediately clear who owned the mine .	It was not immediately clear who owned the mine .	pos_neg	4937
And we hope that the House puts forward a full vote .	And we hope that the House does not put forward a full vote .	pos_neg	4938
Their names were immediately released .	Their names were not immediately released .	pos_neg	4939
Lindros was a free agent and had played this season .	Lindros was a free agent and had not played this season .	pos_neg	4940
First , know that you are alone .	First , know that you are not alone .	pos_neg	4941
Torre said he was sure .	Torre said he was not sure .	pos_neg	4942
We were trying to go out there and try to aggravate it .	We were not trying to go out there and try to aggravate it .	pos_neg	4943
And looking back , I am really happy it worked out .	And looking back , I am really happy it did not work out .	pos_neg	4944
We took advantage of our opportunities and we should have .	We did not take advantage of our opportunities and we should have .	pos_neg	4945
And forget to pick up Ella .	And do not forget to pick up Ella .	pos_neg	4946
What happened in Ramadi was like that .	What happened in Ramadi was not like that .	pos_neg	4947
It was immediately clear who shot White .	It was not immediately clear who shot White .	pos_neg	4948
Health officials knew Friday if the toothpaste arrived directly from China .	Health officials did not know Friday if the toothpaste arrived directly from China .	pos_neg	4949
" I thought today went too well , " Fox said .	" I did not think today went too well , " Fox said .	pos_neg	4950
He said whether the new campaigns would mention Miller .	He did not say whether the new campaigns would mention Miller .	pos_neg	4951
Taliban commanders were available for comment .	Taliban commanders were not available for comment .	pos_neg	4952
That is us .	That is not us .	pos_neg	4953
The concern is only for the children of immigrants .	The concern is not only for the children of immigrants .	pos_neg	4954
The numbers have been released from the last two explosions .	The numbers have not been released from the last two explosions .	pos_neg	4955
But this is just a story about cuts .	But this is not just a story about cuts .	pos_neg	4956
It is good enough by the assistant coaches .	It is not good enough by the assistant coaches .	pos_neg	4957
But he will tell you he has lost his soul .	But he will tell you he has not lost his soul .	pos_neg	4958
This was an outlandish claim .	This was not an outlandish claim .	pos_neg	4959
But he always felt guilty that he had been a first responder .	But he always felt guilty that he had not been a first responder .	pos_neg	4960
She explained why .	She did not explain why .	pos_neg	4961
It was immediately known whether he had a lawyer .	It was not immediately known whether he had a lawyer .	pos_neg	4962
Columbus currently has access to broadband .	Columbus currently does not have access to broadband .	pos_neg	4963
Chavez is attending this year .	Chavez is not attending this year .	pos_neg	4964
The ministry gave more details on the dispute , he said .	The ministry did not give more details on the dispute , he said .	pos_neg	4965
id = 1661972007 Tests come more demanding .	id = 1661972007 Tests do not come more demanding .	pos_neg	4966
Josie , his wife , had seen it coming .	Josie , his wife , had not seen it coming .	pos_neg	4967
At the close of the century , he had changed his mind .	At the close of the century , he had not changed his mind .	pos_neg	4968
Oil wells had been cleaned .	Oil wells had not been cleaned .	pos_neg	4969
" " Well , with me , you have to choose .	" " Well , with me , you do not have to choose .	pos_neg	4970
But I went to Washington to win the Mr. Congeniality award .	But I did not go to Washington to win the Mr. Congeniality award .	pos_neg	4971
They take the actual process for granted .	They do not take the actual process for granted .	pos_neg	4972
The exact timing of that address has been announced .	The exact timing of that address has not been announced .	pos_neg	4973
... But there is enough food , water or medicine .	... But there is not enough food , water or medicine .	pos_neg	4974
I condone my decision , my behavior .	I do not condone my decision , my behavior .	pos_neg	4975
Below freezing I was familiar with autism .	Below freezing I was not familiar with autism .	pos_neg	4976
" " I relish the idea of compounding his sadness .	" " I do not relish the idea of compounding his sadness .	pos_neg	4977
His stats back there were O.K. But he had enough talent .	His stats back there were O.K. But he did not have enough talent .	pos_neg	4978
This is right , Mr. Wex argues .	This is not right , Mr. Wex argues .	pos_neg	4979
She responded a direct question of whether Johanns had already quit .	She did not respond a direct question of whether Johanns had already quit .	pos_neg	4980
Officials of Reali were immediately available for comment .	Officials of Reali were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	4981
It was his prettiest start , though .	It was not his prettiest start , though .	pos_neg	4982
I am one to notice these things , usually .	I am not one to notice these things , usually .	pos_neg	4983
Guards were nearby during the interviews , but intervened .	Guards were nearby during the interviews , but did not intervene .	pos_neg	4984
- Most older adults have discussed sex with their doctors .	- Most older adults have not discussed sex with their doctors .	pos_neg	4985
'Hood : It is called the 1st arrondissement for nothing .	'Hood : It is not called the 1st arrondissement for nothing .	pos_neg	4986
But in the current world environment , it looks impressive .	But in the current world environment , it does not look impressive .	pos_neg	4987
This is a march against whites or against Jena .	This is not a march against whites or against Jena .	pos_neg	4988
But Volcanoes is the only attraction .	But Volcanoes is not the only attraction .	pos_neg	4989
I know why we are here , but I understand bits .	I do not know why we are here , but I understand bits .	pos_neg	4990
They had to look far .	They did not have to look far .	pos_neg	4991
But expect to find deals like that today .	But do not expect to find deals like that today .	pos_neg	4992
But discount the role that lowly ticket fees play .	But do not discount the role that lowly ticket fees play .	pos_neg	4993
But Jackson budged .	But Jackson did not budge .	pos_neg	4994
Satterfield said the officials testifying were covering for al-Maliki .	Satterfield said the officials testifying were not covering for al-Maliki .	pos_neg	4995
The reader said .	The reader did not say .	pos_neg	4996
Churchill responded for comment .	Churchill did not respond for comment .	pos_neg	4997
There is a lot of resistance in you now .	There is not a lot of resistance in you now .	pos_neg	4998
Yet others are convinced .	Yet others are not convinced .	pos_neg	4999
The uptick had been ignorable because the storms had been making landfall .	The uptick had been ignorable because the storms had not been making landfall .	pos_neg	5000
I want to associate with these people .	I do not want to associate with these people .	pos_neg	5001
Working people frequent the lake , except as seasonal employees .	Working people do not frequent the lake , except as seasonal employees .	pos_neg	5002
This one was about fan favorites or nationalities .	This one was not about fan favorites or nationalities .	pos_neg	5003
And if you really love elves , despair .	And if you really love elves , do not despair .	pos_neg	5004
He was able to attend the ceremony yesterday .	He was not able to attend the ceremony yesterday .	pos_neg	5005
They want something they can get outside .	They do not want something they can get outside .	pos_neg	5006
We like it .	We do not like it .	pos_neg	5007
Radian is included .	Radian is not included .	pos_neg	5008
The Bill We are asking for independence from the country .	The Bill We are not asking for independence from the country .	pos_neg	5009
An after-hours call Monday to the guild seeking confirmation was immediately returned .	An after-hours call Monday to the guild seeking confirmation was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5010
" I am well physically , " she wrote .	" I am not well physically , " she wrote .	pos_neg	5011
But analysts said the price reflected Alibaba.com 's true value .	But analysts said the price did not reflect Alibaba.com 's true value .	pos_neg	5012
The new legislation , which would take effect immediately , is retroactive .	The new legislation , which would take effect immediately , is not retroactive .	pos_neg	5013
The exchange rate is very good right now .	The exchange rate is not very good right now .	pos_neg	5014
" " We are anywhere close .	" " We are not anywhere close .	pos_neg	5015
And forget to ask for their credit card numbers .	And do not forget to ask for their credit card numbers .	pos_neg	5016
He said when the video would be released .	He did not say when the video would be released .	pos_neg	5017
" I think most people understand it , " Usher said .	" I do not think most people understand it , " Usher said .	pos_neg	5018
Further details on the planned content of the discussion were immediately available .	Further details on the planned content of the discussion were not immediately available .	pos_neg	5019
He has practiced since .	He has not practiced since .	pos_neg	5020
This is an ego trip for me .	This is not an ego trip for me .	pos_neg	5021
So , Glasgow 's facilities legacy is what it could be .	So , Glasgow 's facilities legacy is not what it could be .	pos_neg	5022
" " Cool designers are going to get you very far .	" " Cool designers are not going to get you very far .	pos_neg	5023
And the penance has come cheaply for her .	And the penance has not come cheaply for her .	pos_neg	5024
And do that again .	And do not do that again .	pos_neg	5025
I am worried about headlines affecting my family , especially my son .	I am not worried about headlines affecting my family , especially my son .	pos_neg	5026
The Bonistalls speak his name in their home .	The Bonistalls do not speak his name in their home .	pos_neg	5027
But he has left its literary practices entirely behind .	But he has not left its literary practices entirely behind .	pos_neg	5028
GPs prescribe Ritalin or initiate treatment for ADHD .	GPs do not prescribe Ritalin or initiate treatment for ADHD .	pos_neg	5029
The person 's identity has been released .	The person 's identity has not been released .	pos_neg	5030
Igawa was at Yankee Stadium last night to greet his countrymen .	Igawa was not at Yankee Stadium last night to greet his countrymen .	pos_neg	5031
Spokesmen for Live Nation and Warner Music were immediately available for comment .	Spokesmen for Live Nation and Warner Music were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	5032
Giuliani is the only one with blood on his mind .	Giuliani is not the only one with blood on his mind .	pos_neg	5033
AL : Again , I think that way .	AL : Again , I do not think that way .	pos_neg	5034
Although the Jets sacked him twice , Edwards faced consistent pressure .	Although the Jets sacked him twice , Edwards did not face consistent pressure .	pos_neg	5035
America was just built on the idea of strong ideals .	America was not just built on the idea of strong ideals .	pos_neg	5036
26 , is the first meat company shuttered by a recall .	26 , is not the first meat company shuttered by a recall .	pos_neg	5037
It circles above the zeitgeist , it barrels right through it .	It does not circle above the zeitgeist , it barrels right through it .	pos_neg	5038
And I hope it matters to other people .	And I hope it does not matter to other people .	pos_neg	5039
It was a great rhetorical flourish .	It was not a great rhetorical flourish .	pos_neg	5040
But all the news was bad for Boeing .	But all the news was not bad for Boeing .	pos_neg	5041
Cleveland 's situation is unique .	Cleveland 's situation is not unique .	pos_neg	5042
It is the work of just one political party .	It is not the work of just one political party .	pos_neg	5043
She detailed what steps might be taken .	She did not detail what steps might be taken .	pos_neg	5044
You have to go to the Serengeti to see birds .	You do not have to go to the Serengeti to see birds .	pos_neg	5045
We have a city .	We do not have a city .	pos_neg	5046
Plaintiffs are required to accept the settlement .	Plaintiffs are not required to accept the settlement .	pos_neg	5047
Brown aspires to many things but he is a natural motivator .	Brown aspires to many things but he is not a natural motivator .	pos_neg	5048
He specified the amount of the fines .	He did not specify the amount of the fines .	pos_neg	5049
Before Saturday , the two sides had talked since Nov. 8 .	Before Saturday , the two sides had not talked since Nov. 8 .	pos_neg	5050
Manny talks to reporters .	Manny does not talk to reporters .	pos_neg	5051
" I say I have lost my religion , " he said .	" I say I have not lost my religion , " he said .	pos_neg	5052
The fire is being treated as suspicious .	The fire is not being treated as suspicious .	pos_neg	5053
Early abortions are more complex than other procedures that nurses perform routinely .	Early abortions are not more complex than other procedures that nurses perform routinely .	pos_neg	5054
People suffer as they earn enough to buy daily essentials .	People suffer as they do not earn enough to buy daily essentials .	pos_neg	5055
I mean , that excuses me from responsibility .	I mean , that does not excuse me from responsibility .	pos_neg	5056
In short , I was salon material .	In short , I was not salon material .	pos_neg	5057
Critics said the proposal addressed obesity 's root cause .	Critics said the proposal did not address obesity 's root cause .	pos_neg	5058
The Bush administration is about to bomb Iran ( trust me ) .	The Bush administration is not about to bomb Iran ( trust me ) .	pos_neg	5059
And let 's get into the whole sorbet versus ice cream debate .	And let 's not get into the whole sorbet versus ice cream debate .	pos_neg	5060
We see it often .	We do not see it often .	pos_neg	5061
The malfunction involves conventional pacemakers without defibrillators , Medtronic said .	The malfunction does not involve conventional pacemakers without defibrillators , Medtronic said .	pos_neg	5062
Iluh agrees .	Iluh does not agree .	pos_neg	5063
This is idle pandering .	This is not idle pandering .	pos_neg	5064
Most law schools have such a practical focus .	Most law schools do not have such a practical focus .	pos_neg	5065
Holiday shoppers were the only ones seeking bargains yesterday .	Holiday shoppers were not the only ones seeking bargains yesterday .	pos_neg	5066
IRC believes that this is the case .	IRC believes that this is not the case .	pos_neg	5067
But he tries to hide misses .	But he does not try to hide misses .	pos_neg	5068
We wanted you to hear it on the news .	We did not want you to hear it on the news .	pos_neg	5069
This was merely a PR moment .	This was not merely a PR moment .	pos_neg	5070
It has to be mental illness .	It does not have to be mental illness .	pos_neg	5071
I know how else to put it .	I do not know how else to put it .	pos_neg	5072
Alcohol is believed to have played a part in the crash .	Alcohol is not believed to have played a part in the crash .	pos_neg	5073
He had played in a game this season .	He had not played in a game this season .	pos_neg	5074
The ship is weathering well .	The ship is not weathering well .	pos_neg	5075
But that is exactly news .	But that is not exactly news .	pos_neg	5076
We allowed the weaker nature to invade our minds .	We did not allow the weaker nature to invade our minds .	pos_neg	5077
Surely , Shanker was universally loved , Mr. Tomasky pointed out .	Surely , Shanker was not universally loved , Mr. Tomasky pointed out .	pos_neg	5078
" I know , " he says quietly .	" I do not know , " he says quietly .	pos_neg	5079
Some things , however , change .	Some things , however , do not change .	pos_neg	5080
Both sides have talked since Thursday .	Both sides have not talked since Thursday .	pos_neg	5081
I take seriously his protestations of entrapment because he pled guilty .	I do not take seriously his protestations of entrapment because he pled guilty .	pos_neg	5082
It is just the fans .	It is not just the fans .	pos_neg	5083
They have .	They have not .	pos_neg	5084
" They had thought about that before , " Mr. Frissora said .	" They had not thought about that before , " Mr. Frissora said .	pos_neg	5085
Liu , the Beijing lawyer , wanted to be protected .	Liu , the Beijing lawyer , did not want to be protected .	pos_neg	5086
I knew if this was my last day on Earth .	I did not know if this was my last day on Earth .	pos_neg	5087
Georgetown 's Win Looks Familiar She also finished Friday 's downhill .	Georgetown 's Win Looks Familiar She also did not finish Friday 's downhill .	pos_neg	5088
But it was enough .	But it was not enough .	pos_neg	5089
Others refused to answer the question or said they knew .	Others refused to answer the question or said they did not know .	pos_neg	5090
What kills me will only make me stronger .	What does not kill me will only make me stronger .	pos_neg	5091
The interest seemed to be matched by many Chinese citizens .	The interest did not seemed to be matched by many Chinese citizens .	pos_neg	5092
A successful show is just a moneymaker in its own right .	A successful show is not just a moneymaker in its own right .	pos_neg	5093
It announced a new date for its earnings release .	It did not announce a new date for its earnings release .	pos_neg	5094
These things are vital but they are sufficient .	These things are vital but they are not sufficient .	pos_neg	5095
Calls to Mayor Jerry Abramson 's office were immediately returned .	Calls to Mayor Jerry Abramson 's office were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5096
So it seems , and the best evidence is the calendar .	So it seems , and the best evidence is not the calendar .	pos_neg	5097
I am an especially superstitious woman .	I am not an especially superstitious woman .	pos_neg	5098
Attorneys for NASA have argued the release form was intrusive .	Attorneys for NASA have argued the release form was not intrusive .	pos_neg	5099
Don 't worry about Joey Reunions in the NFL are unusual .	Don 't worry about Joey Reunions in the NFL are not unusual .	pos_neg	5100
Fayetteville is the only city hoping to turn green into greenbacks .	Fayetteville is not the only city hoping to turn green into greenbacks .	pos_neg	5101
I know that .	I do not know that .	pos_neg	5102
The Justice Ministry decided those measures went far enough .	The Justice Ministry decided those measures did not go far enough .	pos_neg	5103
Some in Washington are so willing to put politics aside completely .	Some in Washington are not so willing to put politics aside completely .	pos_neg	5104
Their business models allow for it .	Their business models do not allow for it .	pos_neg	5105
A date for those hearings has been set .	A date for those hearings has not been set .	pos_neg	5106
He chastised De Genova publicly , but tried to fire him .	He chastised De Genova publicly , but did not try to fire him .	pos_neg	5107
Thousands freed as Pakistan eases crackdown Obviously , it scares them .	Thousands freed as Pakistan eases crackdown Obviously , it does not scare them .	pos_neg	5108
You need a Google phone to do that .	You do not need a Google phone to do that .	pos_neg	5109
'Culture of death' So I know where it went from there .	'Culture of death' So I do not know where it went from there .	pos_neg	5110
Brooks-Gunn says you have to .	Brooks-Gunn says you do not have to .	pos_neg	5111
But Mr. Linyekula is really interested in giving us a history lesson .	But Mr. Linyekula is not really interested in giving us a history lesson .	pos_neg	5112
But when you see a car accident , you stop driving .	But when you see a car accident , you do not stop driving .	pos_neg	5113
Of course his determination for peace diminishes his need for justice .	Of course his determination for peace does not diminish his need for justice .	pos_neg	5114
He was so sure-footed when discussing court decisions he disliked .	He was not so sure-footed when discussing court decisions he disliked .	pos_neg	5115
It is something I am willing to give up easily .	It is not something I am willing to give up easily .	pos_neg	5116
There are enough street corners to accommodate all the women .	There are not enough street corners to accommodate all the women .	pos_neg	5117
Moved to tears I am worried about the doctor 's abilities .	Moved to tears I am not worried about the doctor 's abilities .	pos_neg	5118
London just cares about agriculture , but Edinburgh clearly does .	London just does not care about agriculture , but Edinburgh clearly does .	pos_neg	5119
Arguidos also get certain legal protections that are extended to mere witnesses .	Arguidos also get certain legal protections that are not extended to mere witnesses .	pos_neg	5120
This just is true .	This just is not true .	pos_neg	5121
Yes , but expect miracles .	Yes , but do not expect miracles .	pos_neg	5122
McClurkin said he believes in discriminating against homosexuals .	McClurkin said he does not believe in discriminating against homosexuals .	pos_neg	5123
They had a clue .	They did not have a clue .	pos_neg	5124
The iPhone is pretty Most high-tech companies take design seriously .	The iPhone is pretty Most high-tech companies do not take design seriously .	pos_neg	5125
" I expected that , " Williams said .	" I did not expect that , " Williams said .	pos_neg	5126
It is only the Champions League but the Premier League .	It is not only the Champions League but the Premier League .	pos_neg	5127
" It is cockiness or swagger , " Strahan said .	" It is not cockiness or swagger , " Strahan said .	pos_neg	5128
Or we were flying around enough to make it come to us .	Or we were not flying around enough to make it come to us .	pos_neg	5129
Storey , who is black , said Chapman is a racist .	Storey , who is black , said Chapman is not a racist .	pos_neg	5130
He minded losing the stature that comes with being starting quarterback .	He did not mind losing the stature that comes with being starting quarterback .	pos_neg	5131
Citigroup was alone in its third-quarter turmoil .	Citigroup was not alone in its third-quarter turmoil .	pos_neg	5132
Under Putin , Russia has turned into Latin America .	Under Putin , Russia has not turned into Latin America .	pos_neg	5133
But we know for sure .	But we do not know for sure .	pos_neg	5134
But building " green " is that simple .	But building " green " is not that simple .	pos_neg	5135
It Said Who Delivered The Letter .	It Did Not Say Who Delivered The Letter .	pos_neg	5136
State-run railways have raised their prices and still offer deeply subsidised fares .	State-run railways have not raised their prices and still offer deeply subsidised fares .	pos_neg	5137
He has played well over the past three weeks .	He has not played well over the past three weeks .	pos_neg	5138
The Scottish couple wish to be named .	The Scottish couple do not wish to be named .	pos_neg	5139
The game is immortal , even if the players are .	The game is immortal , even if the players are not .	pos_neg	5140
Just had a good outing tonight , period .	Just did not have a good outing tonight , period .	pos_neg	5141
She mentioned O.J. Simpson or actor Robert Blake by name .	She did not mention O.J. Simpson or actor Robert Blake by name .	pos_neg	5142
That was the only thing troubling the admissions officers .	That was not the only thing troubling the admissions officers .	pos_neg	5143
I think we could have played it differently .	I do not think we could have played it differently .	pos_neg	5144
And the life is quite so unknown .	And the life is not quite so unknown .	pos_neg	5145
After all , Quality Strasse just sounds right .	After all , Quality Strasse just does not sound right .	pos_neg	5146
The towel-waving fans at Coors Field got down .	The towel-waving fans at Coors Field did not get down .	pos_neg	5147
But obligations are voluntary .	But obligations are not voluntary .	pos_neg	5148
These are the only people concerned about these issues .	These are not the only people concerned about these issues .	pos_neg	5149
They are going to ask them if they are fond of cats .	They are not going to ask them if they are fond of cats .	pos_neg	5150
New York has won in Denver since 1998 .	New York has not won in Denver since 1998 .	pos_neg	5151
" I know how it worked out , " said Stefani .	" I do not know how it worked out , " said Stefani .	pos_neg	5152
It is known how the fire started .	It is not known how the fire started .	pos_neg	5153
It was immediately known if he had an attorney .	It was not immediately known if he had an attorney .	pos_neg	5154
The Senate bill includes similar language .	The Senate bill does not include similar language .	pos_neg	5155
It is something we are used to .	It is not something we are used to .	pos_neg	5156
And for most jobs , it is that big a deal .	And for most jobs , it is not that big a deal .	pos_neg	5157
I am .	I am not .	pos_neg	5158
I noticed they were reacting the way we reacted .	I noticed they were not reacting the way we reacted .	pos_neg	5159
In fact , the EU position is so coherent .	In fact , the EU position is not so coherent .	pos_neg	5160
You make an ethnic slur before several hundred people .	You do not make an ethnic slur before several hundred people .	pos_neg	5161
We committed torture -- we condemned it .	We did not commit torture -- we condemned it .	pos_neg	5162
For whatever reason we performed in the two games .	For whatever reason we did not perform in the two games .	pos_neg	5163
Deutsche Bank returned calls .	Deutsche Bank did not return calls .	pos_neg	5164
North Koreans Agree to Disable Nuclear Facilities He was injured .	North Koreans Agree to Disable Nuclear Facilities He was not injured .	pos_neg	5165
" His upbringing was that happiest , " said Ms Lakin .	" His upbringing was not that happiest , " said Ms Lakin .	pos_neg	5166
It named its sources .	It did not name its sources .	pos_neg	5167
Yet such things stop ethanol from being a lousy fuel .	Yet such things do not stop ethanol from being a lousy fuel .	pos_neg	5168
It is writers .	It is not writers .	pos_neg	5169
Descriptions mattered .	Descriptions did not matter .	pos_neg	5170
Ms Blears has attempted to make that case .	Ms Blears has not attempted to make that case .	pos_neg	5171
For Sundermann , though , a minivan felt right .	For Sundermann , though , a minivan did not feel right .	pos_neg	5172
Unrest broke in two districts but appeared serious .	Unrest broke in two districts but did not appear serious .	pos_neg	5173
It was possible to confirm the toll independently .	It was not possible to confirm the toll independently .	pos_neg	5174
This lifestyle is for the lazy .	This lifestyle is not for the lazy .	pos_neg	5175
I am a well woman .	I am not a well woman .	pos_neg	5176
North Wales Police said the the death was being treated as suspicious .	North Wales Police said the the death was not being treated as suspicious .	pos_neg	5177
The network ignored his disappearing act .	The network did not ignore his disappearing act .	pos_neg	5178
This means that they support this government .	This does not mean that they support this government .	pos_neg	5179
My initiatives were always slick but they were useful .	My initiatives were not always slick but they were useful .	pos_neg	5180
It is the only criticism Ofcom has faced .	It is not the only criticism Ofcom has faced .	pos_neg	5181
He was eating .	He was not eating .	pos_neg	5182
I am ready for this .	I am not ready for this .	pos_neg	5183
A U.S. based representative for Ford was immediately available for comment .	A U.S. based representative for Ford was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	5184
Another anxious parent who is sleeping well at night !	Another anxious parent who is not sleeping well at night !	pos_neg	5185
And I am a person who smokes .	And I am not a person who smokes .	pos_neg	5186
It just was very pleasant .	It just was not very pleasant .	pos_neg	5187
Her lawyer says the diaper claim is true .	Her lawyer says the diaper claim is not true .	pos_neg	5188
It was exactly a ringing endorsement by Mangini .	It was not exactly a ringing endorsement by Mangini .	pos_neg	5189
But the church is now a church of changes .	But the church is not now a church of changes .	pos_neg	5190
" That was what was said , " the spokesman told AFP .	" That was not what was said , " the spokesman told AFP .	pos_neg	5191
What we want is what usually happens here in Washington .	What we do not want is what usually happens here in Washington .	pos_neg	5192
Subsequent spats in the courts supported this .	Subsequent spats in the courts did not support this .	pos_neg	5193
You 're allowed to go to war without a declaration of war .	You 're not allowed to go to war without a declaration of war .	pos_neg	5194
But mainland investors have been waiting .	But mainland investors have not been waiting .	pos_neg	5195
Apple is taking part .	Apple is not taking part .	pos_neg	5196
I do that for everybody .	I do not do that for everybody .	pos_neg	5197
Location aside , we had come here to argue .	Location aside , we had not come here to argue .	pos_neg	5198
But a third of residents have returned .	But a third of residents have not returned .	pos_neg	5199
" He was glad he was dying tonight , " she said .	" He was glad he was not dying tonight , " she said .	pos_neg	5200
This was a gimmick .	This was not a gimmick .	pos_neg	5201
Barnard officials declined to comment , and Columbia officials were available .	Barnard officials declined to comment , and Columbia officials were not available .	pos_neg	5202
Investigators have determined where he was exposed .	Investigators have not determined where he was exposed .	pos_neg	5203
Patterson received a technical foul , but the hostilities ended there .	Patterson received a technical foul , but the hostilities did not end there .	pos_neg	5204
" My goal is to have that repeat , " Schneider said .	" My goal is not to have that repeat , " Schneider said .	pos_neg	5205
Students conceptualize that products are actually made on an assembly line .	Students do not conceptualize that products are actually made on an assembly line .	pos_neg	5206
" He said : " We are just playing for Oban here .	" He said : " We are not just playing for Oban here .	pos_neg	5207
Schumer emphatically wanted to discuss tax increases .	Schumer emphatically did not want to discuss tax increases .	pos_neg	5208
But it was their best week .	But it was not their best week .	pos_neg	5209
Calls to the school on Friday were returned .	Calls to the school on Friday were not returned .	pos_neg	5210
And they are alone .	And they are not alone .	pos_neg	5211
He said he believed the U.S. was preparing for war .	He said he did not believe the U.S. was preparing for war .	pos_neg	5212
McNeill , a former assistant pro , has won on tour .	McNeill , a former assistant pro , has not won on tour .	pos_neg	5213
The show was without controversy .	The show was not without controversy .	pos_neg	5214
Airline travel has been tough enough lately .	Airline travel has not been tough enough lately .	pos_neg	5215
Besides , opined King , the money markets needed liquidity .	Besides , opined King , the money markets did not need liquidity .	pos_neg	5216
" This is a stopping point , " she said .	" This is not a stopping point , " she said .	pos_neg	5217
Bell returned calls for comment this week .	Bell did not return calls for comment this week .	pos_neg	5218
The winning purse is known , according to documents filed by prosecutors .	The winning purse is not known , according to documents filed by prosecutors .	pos_neg	5219
The bill includes immunity for the utilities .	The bill does not include immunity for the utilities .	pos_neg	5220
You make sure they are nuclear .	You make sure they are not nuclear .	pos_neg	5221
The timing bothers me .	The timing does not bother me .	pos_neg	5222
Arken was flying first so he saw the plane go down .	Arken was flying first so he did not see the plane go down .	pos_neg	5223
A contract has to be complicated .	A contract does not have to be complicated .	pos_neg	5224
It was him .	It was not him .	pos_neg	5225
They understand this 60-vote-rule business .	They do not understand this 60-vote-rule business .	pos_neg	5226
You 're .	You 're not .	pos_neg	5227
It was just for terrorism related incidents .	It was not just for terrorism related incidents .	pos_neg	5228
Democrats have to worry about the one-week rule .	Democrats do not have to worry about the one-week rule .	pos_neg	5229
Accessory trends move as quickly .	Accessory trends do not move as quickly .	pos_neg	5230
But they get involved in big ideas .	But they do not get involved in big ideas .	pos_neg	5231
I go out there because I want to die for myself .	I do not go out there because I want to die for myself .	pos_neg	5232
Just take me back with you .	Just do not take me back with you .	pos_neg	5233
I have done it like everyone else .	I have not done it like everyone else .	pos_neg	5234
He has a presence that the other candidates have .	He has a presence that the other candidates do not have .	pos_neg	5235
He elaborated on what kind of preparations that would entail .	He did not elaborate on what kind of preparations that would entail .	pos_neg	5236
It has been recovered .	It has not been recovered .	pos_neg	5237
Makwenge said whether the outbreak had been contained .	Makwenge did not say whether the outbreak had been contained .	pos_neg	5238
But many Eritreans are worried .	But many Eritreans are not worried .	pos_neg	5239
The problem is the jobs or the workers .	The problem is not the jobs or the workers .	pos_neg	5240
A call to Madonna 's publicist was immediately returned .	A call to Madonna 's publicist was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5241
It means the game 's over for him .	It does not mean the game 's over for him .	pos_neg	5242
" " I think this is justice .	" " I do not think this is justice .	pos_neg	5243
But it happens .	But it keeps not happening .	pos_neg	5244
I know what is going to happen now .	I do not know what is going to happen now .	pos_neg	5245
I tape ankles .	I do not tape ankles .	pos_neg	5246
And many of her problems are of her own making .	And many of her problems are not of her own making .	pos_neg	5247
Pink does that .	Pink does not do that .	pos_neg	5248
" I think I 'll walk today , " Phear said .	" I do not think I 'll walk today , " Phear said .	pos_neg	5249
A message left with the diocese on Thursday was immediately returned .	A message left with the diocese on Thursday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5250
You have to spend a lot of time .	You do not have to spend a lot of time .	pos_neg	5251
Hicks stopped to comment .	Hicks did not stop to comment .	pos_neg	5252
She is the first Irish writer to win the prize .	She is not the first Irish writer to win the prize .	pos_neg	5253
Today , if it is organised , nobody leaves home .	Today , if it is not organised , nobody leaves home .	pos_neg	5254
Sony soon apologized but withdrew " Resistance " from sale .	Sony soon apologized but did not withdraw " Resistance " from sale .	pos_neg	5255
It is how it happens .	It is not how it happens .	pos_neg	5256
Corder had included those remarks during rehearsals .	Corder had not included those remarks during rehearsals .	pos_neg	5257
" All drugs are equal , " he says .	" All drugs are not equal , " he says .	pos_neg	5258
She was upset there was one more .	She was upset there was not one more .	pos_neg	5259
... It affected the Americans at the start .	... It did not affect the Americans at the start .	pos_neg	5260
Many emergency shelters accept animals .	Many emergency shelters do not accept animals .	pos_neg	5261
The company gave specifics .	The company did not give specifics .	pos_neg	5262
The deal-making has been limited to advertising companies .	The deal-making has not been limited to advertising companies .	pos_neg	5263
I told him I had .	I told him I had not .	pos_neg	5264
Ben said he knew , and appeared nervous .	Ben said he did not know , and appeared nervous .	pos_neg	5265
Officials at Chrysler and the UAW were immediately available for comment .	Officials at Chrysler and the UAW were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	5266
I am satisfied that is the case .	I am not satisfied that is the case .	pos_neg	5267
Bollea , who was wearing a seat belt , was seriously injured .	Bollea , who was wearing a seat belt , was not seriously injured .	pos_neg	5268
Fisher played sparingly and recorded a tackle .	Fisher played sparingly and did not record a tackle .	pos_neg	5269
Davidson 's move is the first of its kind .	Davidson 's move is not the first of its kind .	pos_neg	5270
Now , I know if it would have been successful .	Now , I do not know if it would have been successful .	pos_neg	5271
Interpol Hunts Suspected Pedophile On second thought , no he was .	Interpol Hunts Suspected Pedophile On second thought , no he was not .	pos_neg	5272
SISSO is shy in promoting its efforts .	SISSO is not shy in promoting its efforts .	pos_neg	5273
But most people dare to ask the question .	But most people do not dare to ask the question .	pos_neg	5274
A Taliban spokesman told The Associated Press its militants were responsible .	A Taliban spokesman told The Associated Press its militants were not responsible .	pos_neg	5275
But the issue went away .	But the issue did not go away .	pos_neg	5276
Their support is a given .	Their support is not a given .	pos_neg	5277
The company said it was providing a 2009 guidance at this time .	The company said it was not providing a 2009 guidance at this time .	pos_neg	5278
He was there .	He was not there .	pos_neg	5279
The administration is now considering arming its officers but has taken action .	The administration is now considering arming its officers but has not taken action .	pos_neg	5280
Stephen Plumlee minded the inconvenience .	Stephen Plumlee did not mind the inconvenience .	pos_neg	5281
But he knew what malevolence was .	But he did not know what malevolence was .	pos_neg	5282
That is acceptable .	That is not acceptable .	pos_neg	5283
" This is a study about literary reading , " Gioia said .	" This is not a study about literary reading , " Gioia said .	pos_neg	5284
What Vick did was a mistake .	What Vick did was not a mistake .	pos_neg	5285
The state data is adjusted for seasonal variations .	The state data is not adjusted for seasonal variations .	pos_neg	5286
We have a chance to rest .	We do not have a chance to rest .	pos_neg	5287
Happily , Finntroll is one of those bands .	Happily , Finntroll is not one of those bands .	pos_neg	5288
" They were recruited , " he said .	" They were not recruited , " he said .	pos_neg	5289
" Now she is happy , " Kilgore said .	" Now she is not happy , " Kilgore said .	pos_neg	5290
It was clear how close he actually got to the leader .	It was not clear how close he actually got to the leader .	pos_neg	5291
" Monks protest about " oil price rises .	" Monks do not protest about " oil price rises .	pos_neg	5292
BEING a comedian is always funny .	BEING a comedian is not always funny .	pos_neg	5293
We are all so lucky .	We are not all so lucky .	pos_neg	5294
But they benefit when overeager physicians run unnecessary tests .	But they do not benefit when overeager physicians run unnecessary tests .	pos_neg	5295
The study offers easy solutions .	The study does not offer easy solutions .	pos_neg	5296
" " We just went to school together .	" " We just did not go to school together .	pos_neg	5297
Aman said Esper was speeding but was cited for alleged careless driving .	Aman said Esper was not speeding but was cited for alleged careless driving .	pos_neg	5298
I am dating .	I am not dating .	pos_neg	5299
The Finnish Foreign Ministry said it was involved .	The Finnish Foreign Ministry said it was not involved .	pos_neg	5300
It was such a long train ride , by Tokyo commuting standards .	It was not such a long train ride , by Tokyo commuting standards .	pos_neg	5301
Gladney is named as a defendant in the suit .	Gladney is not named as a defendant in the suit .	pos_neg	5302
The man said he cared .	The man said he did not care .	pos_neg	5303
If we cannot do those three things , we are free .	If we cannot do those three things , we are not free .	pos_neg	5304
Pamela Graham insisted that she knows what happened to Rilya .	Pamela Graham insisted that she does not know what happened to Rilya .	pos_neg	5305
But I wanted to hook up !	But I did not want to hook up !	pos_neg	5306
It is immediately clear whether the writers will walk off the job .	It is not immediately clear whether the writers will walk off the job .	pos_neg	5307
There is a one of us that wanted to do this .	There is not a one of us that wanted to do this .	pos_neg	5308
Of course , this was just a nostalgia prize .	Of course , this was not just a nostalgia prize .	pos_neg	5309
That also meant she had health insurance .	That also meant she did not have health insurance .	pos_neg	5310
She is being arch , in case you were wondering .	She is not being arch , in case you were wondering .	pos_neg	5311
We have direct conversations with them on that subject .	We do not have direct conversations with them on that subject .	pos_neg	5312
This is great to watch .	This is not great to watch .	pos_neg	5313
We have taken our eye off the ball .	We have not taken our eye off the ball .	pos_neg	5314
I know , his voice was just so powerful .	I do not know , his voice was just so powerful .	pos_neg	5315
I need to get new grants all the time .	I do not need to get new grants all the time .	pos_neg	5316
The cause was made public .	The cause was not made public .	pos_neg	5317
The commercial real estate finance unit is included in the deal .	The commercial real estate finance unit is not included in the deal .	pos_neg	5318
Try something and if it works , try something else .	Try something and if it does not work , try something else .	pos_neg	5319
I am endorsing the feat .	I am not endorsing the feat .	pos_neg	5320
They had all the processes nailed down .	They did not have all the processes nailed down .	pos_neg	5321
We have that in our country .	We do not have that in our country .	pos_neg	5322
Generally , however , airlines like variable landing fees .	Generally , however , airlines do not like variable landing fees .	pos_neg	5323
The risks of this are known at this time .	The risks of this are not known at this time .	pos_neg	5324
It is yesterday .	It is not yesterday .	pos_neg	5325
He said what time that would be .	He did not say what time that would be .	pos_neg	5326
Federline and Spears were in court for the hearing .	Federline and Spears were not in court for the hearing .	pos_neg	5327
The Texas appeal court decided that Avena applied .	The Texas appeal court decided that Avena did not apply .	pos_neg	5328
Iran 's Islamic government welcomes religious sects and cults .	Iran 's Islamic government does not welcome religious sects and cults .	pos_neg	5329
Romo played it all down , but he apologizes .	Romo played it all down , but he does not apologize .	pos_neg	5330
It is the bimbo-ization of our culture by Brittany and Paris .	It is not the bimbo-ization of our culture by Brittany and Paris .	pos_neg	5331
The Afghan force has a good reputation outside the capital .	The Afghan force does not have a good reputation outside the capital .	pos_neg	5332
If that were ever true , it is now .	If that were ever true , it is not now .	pos_neg	5333
That was the case when I came on .	That was not the case when I came on .	pos_neg	5334
But ubiquity , it turns out , is the same as permanence .	But ubiquity , it turns out , is not the same as permanence .	pos_neg	5335
I have cheated with these men , nor do I plan to .	I have not cheated with these men , nor do I plan to .	pos_neg	5336
Students have to worry about speech codes .	Students do not have to worry about speech codes .	pos_neg	5337
Tunneling has resumed .	Tunneling has not resumed .	pos_neg	5338
But a great ear for dialogue makes a great play .	But a great ear for dialogue does not make a great play .	pos_neg	5339
Coke has followed suit .	Coke has not followed suit .	pos_neg	5340
It makes you a weak person or a bad person .	It does not make you a weak person or a bad person .	pos_neg	5341
She is the first parent to do so .	She is not the first parent to do so .	pos_neg	5342
I killed a soul .	I did not kill a soul .	pos_neg	5343
But it was just gas in his tank .	But it was not just gas in his tank .	pos_neg	5344
It means everyone liked what they saw .	It does not mean everyone liked what they saw .	pos_neg	5345
We like change .	We do not like change .	pos_neg	5346
But it is that simple .	But it is not that simple .	pos_neg	5347
That is uncommon .	That is not uncommon .	pos_neg	5348
The shock was that Ria picked me up .	The shock was not that Ria picked me up .	pos_neg	5349
But I thought long about it .	But I did not think long about it .	pos_neg	5350
Knox 's lawyer was available for comment Friday .	Knox 's lawyer was not available for comment Friday .	pos_neg	5351
I mean , seriously , lack of hair is my problem .	I mean , seriously , lack of hair is not my problem .	pos_neg	5352
We bring military capabilities that they simply have .	We bring military capabilities that they simply do not have .	pos_neg	5353
" You might guess , I am married , " she jokes .	" You might guess , I am not married , " she jokes .	pos_neg	5354
I have been here for the last two weeks .	I have not been here for the last two weeks .	pos_neg	5355
Like others , Moodie discovered that feudalism transplanted well .	Like others , Moodie discovered that feudalism did not transplant well .	pos_neg	5356
He said he had been invited to participate in negotiations .	He said he had not been invited to participate in negotiations .	pos_neg	5357
I know ; it depends how good the coffee is .	I do not know ; it depends how good the coffee is .	pos_neg	5358
But what worked in Arkansas has helped him on the trail .	But what worked in Arkansas has not helped him on the trail .	pos_neg	5359
But events went as smoothly as Sarkozy had hoped .	But events did not go as smoothly as Sarkozy had hoped .	pos_neg	5360
He said the crocodile meant him serious harm .	He said the crocodile did not mean him serious harm .	pos_neg	5361
Dennis and Alonso talked to each other for a period .	Dennis and Alonso did not talk to each other for a period .	pos_neg	5362
He appeared to reap financial gains from his claims .	He did not appear to reap financial gains from his claims .	pos_neg	5363
I knew what the hell it was .	I did not know what the hell it was .	pos_neg	5364
It is the first time Indianapolis has been accused of such tactics .	It is not the first time Indianapolis has been accused of such tactics .	pos_neg	5365
I thought I had to .	I did not think I had to .	pos_neg	5366
At the time , the U.S. soldiers ' detention was made public .	At the time , the U.S. soldiers ' detention was not made public .	pos_neg	5367
She suggests that a guest confront the perpetrator .	She does not suggest that a guest confront the perpetrator .	pos_neg	5368
Arrington responded to a request for comment .	Arrington did not respond to a request for comment .	pos_neg	5369
The Yankees let yesterday 's loss dampen their plans .	The Yankees did not let yesterday 's loss dampen their plans .	pos_neg	5370
The bottom line is that this is a balanced text .	The bottom line is that this is not a balanced text .	pos_neg	5371
Too bad it is tougher .	Too bad it is not tougher .	pos_neg	5372
And even the left wing groups had their heart in it .	And even the left wing groups did not have their heart in it .	pos_neg	5373
The embassy said it comments on the ongoing investigation .	The embassy said it does not comment on the ongoing investigation .	pos_neg	5374
Jets Coach Eric Mangini ruled it out .	Jets Coach Eric Mangini did not rule it out .	pos_neg	5375
And say a little prayer for me that I fall .	And say a little prayer for me that I do not fall .	pos_neg	5376
But simply chasing dividend yields is advisable .	But simply chasing dividend yields is not advisable .	pos_neg	5377
It is surprising given the schedule that he keeps .	It is not surprising given the schedule that he keeps .	pos_neg	5378
But chemistry is the only thing needed to win .	But chemistry is not the only thing needed to win .	pos_neg	5379
This is , of course , what AIDS activists are asking for .	This is not , of course , what AIDS activists are asking for .	pos_neg	5380
He is going to play small ball .	He is not going to play small ball .	pos_neg	5381
I am a yes-man .	I am not a yes-man .	pos_neg	5382
I really understand where it is coming from .	I really do not understand where it is coming from .	pos_neg	5383
They want Russian food .	They do not want Russian food .	pos_neg	5384
" He is standing here right now , " Mrs. Clinton said .	" He is not standing here right now , " Mrs. Clinton said .	pos_neg	5385
We want him .	We do not want him .	pos_neg	5386
But in doing so , they are starting from scratch .	But in doing so , they are not starting from scratch .	pos_neg	5387
And he was being sarcastic .	And he was not being sarcastic .	pos_neg	5388
The LEAD course is exclusively for ALDAR employees .	The LEAD course is not exclusively for ALDAR employees .	pos_neg	5389
The increased aid has translated into increased influence on domestic political reform .	The increased aid has not translated into increased influence on domestic political reform .	pos_neg	5390
It was a fluke .	It was not a fluke .	pos_neg	5391
" We are the litigious type , " he said .	" We are not the litigious type , " he said .	pos_neg	5392
It was heavy .	It was not heavy .	pos_neg	5393
The buyers are discouraged .	The buyers are not discouraged .	pos_neg	5394
You look a thing like your narrow , patrician son .	You do not look a thing like your narrow , patrician son .	pos_neg	5395
Well , he is an actor .	Well , he is not an actor .	pos_neg	5396
" This campaign is targeting children , " she said .	" This campaign is not targeting children , " she said .	pos_neg	5397
Some lenders looked closely enough at their borrowers .	Some lenders did not look closely enough at their borrowers .	pos_neg	5398
" " You need to understand this is about money .	" " You need to understand this is not about money .	pos_neg	5399
But I want these decisions to be made in a vacuum .	But I do not want these decisions to be made in a vacuum .	pos_neg	5400
" The resources reach us , " Urbina says .	" The resources do not reach us , " Urbina says .	pos_neg	5401
Gateways to planes were functioning because of the outage , Grangent said .	Gateways to planes were not functioning because of the outage , Grangent said .	pos_neg	5402
Messages left at Toyota Motor Sales , U.S.A. Inc. were immediately returned .	Messages left at Toyota Motor Sales , U.S.A. Inc. were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5403
They are told their watch-list status .	They are not told their watch-list status .	pos_neg	5404
Bland ( D-Clinton ) commented for this report .	Bland ( D-Clinton ) did not comment for this report .	pos_neg	5405
The 58-year-old biker died but the occupants of the Ford were injured .	The 58-year-old biker died but the occupants of the Ford were not injured .	pos_neg	5406
Citigroup was alone in its third-quarter turmoil , of course .	Citigroup was not alone in its third-quarter turmoil , of course .	pos_neg	5407
Long-Running Shows We knew how to deal with ducks .	Long-Running Shows We did not know how to deal with ducks .	pos_neg	5408
For a lot of us it really has sunk in .	For a lot of us it really has not sunk in .	pos_neg	5409
I have been a great supporter of that happening .	I have not been a great supporter of that happening .	pos_neg	5410
Just expect him to make small talk at a dinner party .	Just do not expect him to make small talk at a dinner party .	pos_neg	5411
If God intervenes , we will be extinct .	If God does not intervene , we will be extinct .	pos_neg	5412
Let 's act like it is a miracle .	Let 's not act like it is a miracle .	pos_neg	5413
Hamas recognizes the Jewish state 's right to exist .	Hamas does not recognize the Jewish state 's right to exist .	pos_neg	5414
Childress addressed the reason for the fine .	Childress did not address the reason for the fine .	pos_neg	5415
Doctors , however , were able to repair all the damage .	Doctors , however , were not able to repair all the damage .	pos_neg	5416
However Lee had appeared to testify , Jackson said .	However Lee had not appeared to testify , Jackson said .	pos_neg	5417
But they cover it as a campaign issue .	But they do not cover it as a campaign issue .	pos_neg	5418
It was immediately known whether a ransom had been paid .	It was not immediately known whether a ransom had been paid .	pos_neg	5419
" I support this war , " said Ursula Pirtle .	" I do not support this war , " said Ursula Pirtle .	pos_neg	5420
It is often gymnasts blow away the competition like China did .	It is not often gymnasts blow away the competition like China did .	pos_neg	5421
They knew where to go .	They did not know where to go .	pos_neg	5422
But I did it .	But I did not do it .	pos_neg	5423
It was considered abuse ; it was considered good parenting .	It was not considered abuse ; it was considered good parenting .	pos_neg	5424
They had reckoned on a subprime mortgage riptide that flattened them .	They had not reckoned on a subprime mortgage riptide that flattened them .	pos_neg	5425
EDWARDS : Senator Obama is taking it in this campaign .	EDWARDS : Senator Obama is not taking it in this campaign .	pos_neg	5426
And that is a bad thing for him .	And that is not a bad thing for him .	pos_neg	5427
After a week like this , he has to .	After a week like this , he does not have to .	pos_neg	5428
But she said they were romantically involved .	But she said they were not romantically involved .	pos_neg	5429
Stranded in the Atlantic , we are sure which approach to take .	Stranded in the Atlantic , we are not sure which approach to take .	pos_neg	5430
Currently , most state or local laws provide this protection .	Currently , most state or local laws do not provide this protection .	pos_neg	5431
While GOP-leaning , the chamber is necessarily enemy territory for Democrats .	While GOP-leaning , the chamber is not necessarily enemy territory for Democrats .	pos_neg	5432
Investors are cautioned that any such statements are guarantees of future performance .	Investors are cautioned that any such statements are not guarantees of future performance .	pos_neg	5433
Palm is in a position to let that happen .	Palm is not in a position to let that happen .	pos_neg	5434
But it is just the financials .	But it is not just the financials .	pos_neg	5435
Telephone calls to the U.S. attorney 's office were returned yesterday .	Telephone calls to the U.S. attorney 's office were not returned yesterday .	pos_neg	5436
, returned calls seeking comment on the retirement .	, did not return calls seeking comment on the retirement .	pos_neg	5437
A phone message seeking comment from Grenier was immediately returned .	A phone message seeking comment from Grenier was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5438
Representatives for Girardi returned phone calls or e-mails .	Representatives for Girardi did not return phone calls or e-mails .	pos_neg	5439
Nieminen was overly down-hearted by the defeat .	Nieminen was not overly down-hearted by the defeat .	pos_neg	5440
I was really worried about it .	I was not really worried about it .	pos_neg	5441
It was quite so simple .	It was not quite so simple .	pos_neg	5442
Tupac Shakur Al-Jazeera said how it obtained the tape .	Tupac Shakur Al-Jazeera did not say how it obtained the tape .	pos_neg	5443
But Mr Vitelli has merely become one of Azimut-Benetti 's customers .	But Mr Vitelli has not merely become one of Azimut-Benetti 's customers .	pos_neg	5444
That was always the case .	That was not always the case .	pos_neg	5445
Israel says the Palestinians have done enough to rein in militants .	Israel says the Palestinians have not done enough to rein in militants .	pos_neg	5446
" This one is prone to entering homes , " Vinje said .	" This one is not prone to entering homes , " Vinje said .	pos_neg	5447
No , that is a typo .	No , that is not a typo .	pos_neg	5448
Aggrieved spy-authors are the only critics of the redactors ' heavy hand .	Aggrieved spy-authors are not the only critics of the redactors ' heavy hand .	pos_neg	5449
It is too bad Jack Reed listened to it .	It is too bad Jack Reed did not listen to it .	pos_neg	5450
Giese dwells on her past .	Giese does not dwell on her past .	pos_neg	5451
Clinton was flawless Thursday .	Clinton was not flawless Thursday .	pos_neg	5452
It is clear how the video made it online .	It is not clear how the video made it online .	pos_neg	5453
' " Her identity was immediately released .	' " Her identity was not immediately released .	pos_neg	5454
I know what to do other than keep looking .	I do not know what to do other than keep looking .	pos_neg	5455
Finding equilibrium for family and politics simply is relegated to Democrats .	Finding equilibrium for family and politics simply is not relegated to Democrats .	pos_neg	5456
Pelosi said she had heard from President Bush about this bill .	Pelosi said she had not heard from President Bush about this bill .	pos_neg	5457
It works .	It does not work .	pos_neg	5458
Mr. Zadroga returned phone calls seeking comment .	Mr. Zadroga did not return phone calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	5459
We have never seen the television and we get newspapers .	We have never seen the television and we do not get newspapers .	pos_neg	5460
This is ideological .	This is not ideological .	pos_neg	5461
The District Court overturned the law .	The District Court did not overturn the law .	pos_neg	5462
The threat is restricted to the Horn of Africa .	The threat is not restricted to the Horn of Africa .	pos_neg	5463
I believe in having a particular role .	I do not believe in having a particular role .	pos_neg	5464
So I am surprised that there are tensions .	So I am not surprised that there are tensions .	pos_neg	5465
Robust Life Science Industry in Los Angeles The news is all bad .	Robust Life Science Industry in Los Angeles The news is not all bad .	pos_neg	5466
I think those are flipping exercises .	I do not think those are flipping exercises .	pos_neg	5467
I think it will be one sided .	I do not think it will be one sided .	pos_neg	5468
The Patriots are going to beat themselves .	The Patriots are not going to beat themselves .	pos_neg	5469
We are doing that !	We are not doing that !	pos_neg	5470
But the attacks have come solely from the left .	But the attacks have not come solely from the left .	pos_neg	5471
" " I know how you contacted us .	" " I do not know how you contacted us .	pos_neg	5472
He gave elaborate .	He did not give elaborate .	pos_neg	5473
I wanted him to be a young angry black man .	I did not want him to be a young angry black man .	pos_neg	5474
Your accent is just sounds that come out of your mouth .	Your accent is not just sounds that come out of your mouth .	pos_neg	5475
You realize it when you are in the middle of it .	You do not realize it when you are in the middle of it .	pos_neg	5476
The report identified the airports .	The report did not identify the airports .	pos_neg	5477
One Republican who has wavered is Senator John McCain of Arizona .	One Republican who has not wavered is Senator John McCain of Arizona .	pos_neg	5478
The environment appreciates inventiveness or standing out .	The environment does not appreciate inventiveness or standing out .	pos_neg	5479
There is just one overarching theme behind the A.L. ' s supremacy .	There is not just one overarching theme behind the A.L. ' s supremacy .	pos_neg	5480
( Reporting by Rebekah Kebede ) Markets alone are enough he says .	( Reporting by Rebekah Kebede ) Markets alone are not enough he says .	pos_neg	5481
If she were a judge , she would become a kindergarten teacher .	If she were not a judge , she would become a kindergarten teacher .	pos_neg	5482
The curse , it seems , was restricted to people .	The curse , it seems , was not restricted to people .	pos_neg	5483
DeMarcus says they pay attention to what critics think .	DeMarcus says they do not pay attention to what critics think .	pos_neg	5484
I think I 'll be selecting myself this week .	I do not think I 'll be selecting myself this week .	pos_neg	5485
Bush added that the agreement alone is enough .	Bush added that the agreement alone is not enough .	pos_neg	5486
The girl was from a decent family , they told him .	The girl was not from a decent family , they told him .	pos_neg	5487
The Santos design boom is limited to merchandise .	The Santos design boom is not limited to merchandise .	pos_neg	5488
Buss was required to appear in court .	Buss was not required to appear in court .	pos_neg	5489
" This is a joke , " Tanney said .	" This is not a joke , " Tanney said .	pos_neg	5490
Franklin County prosecutor Robert Parks returned phone calls seeking comment .	Franklin County prosecutor Robert Parks did not return phone calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	5491
Reid and other Democrats said that proposal goes far enough .	Reid and other Democrats said that proposal does not go far enough .	pos_neg	5492
It identified which students .	It did not identify which students .	pos_neg	5493
That is been shaken under some tough times .	That is not been shaken under some tough times .	pos_neg	5494
He is going to create a vacuum there .	He is not going to create a vacuum there .	pos_neg	5495
Fortunately , having the right equipment requires a huge outlay .	Fortunately , having the right equipment does not require a huge outlay .	pos_neg	5496
Even in a meaningless game , La Russa managed conventionally .	Even in a meaningless game , La Russa did not manage conventionally .	pos_neg	5497
It satisfies .	It does not satisfy .	pos_neg	5498
Messages left with federal mine officials were immediately returned Friday evening .	Messages left with federal mine officials were not immediately returned Friday evening .	pos_neg	5499
I do well with antibiotics and medicine .	I do not do well with antibiotics and medicine .	pos_neg	5500
I was heard in my family .	I was not heard in my family .	pos_neg	5501
But expect insurance policies to be sympathetic .	But do not expect insurance policies to be sympathetic .	pos_neg	5502
The Company adjusts FFO to eliminate the effects of non-recurring charges .	The Company does not adjust FFO to eliminate the effects of non-recurring charges .	pos_neg	5503
This is entirely altruistic .	This is not entirely altruistic .	pos_neg	5504
" " I understand it .	" " I do not understand it .	pos_neg	5505
In most cases , though , it is clear-cut .	In most cases , though , it is not clear-cut .	pos_neg	5506
Adding Color Untangles the Brain 's Gray Secrets You 're breathing sand .	Adding Color Untangles the Brain 's Gray Secrets You 're not breathing sand .	pos_neg	5507
It often seems that Romney himself knows .	It often seems that Romney himself does not know .	pos_neg	5508
It had to .	It did not have to .	pos_neg	5509
And it is going anywhere .	And it is not going anywhere .	pos_neg	5510
The sum of their parts are greater than their whole .	The sum of their parts are not greater than their whole .	pos_neg	5511
In reality , moving to Wallingford has improved the Stein 's finances .	In reality , moving to Wallingford has not improved the Stein 's finances .	pos_neg	5512
Tibbets flew in that mission .	Tibbets did not fly in that mission .	pos_neg	5513
But when I am up there , I feel dirty .	But when I am up there , I do not feel dirty .	pos_neg	5514
They knew he was home nursing a knee injury .	They did not know he was home nursing a knee injury .	pos_neg	5515
You definitely want to see that happen in the first game .	You definitely do not want to see that happen in the first game .	pos_neg	5516
The pilot reported that he had seen a parachute open .	The pilot reported that he had not seen a parachute open .	pos_neg	5517
But it is worth protesting .	But it is not worth protesting .	pos_neg	5518
Israel is going to allow its nuclear monopoly to be threatened .	Israel is not going to allow its nuclear monopoly to be threatened .	pos_neg	5519
" It just was the right fit , " Anderson explained diplomatically .	" It just was not the right fit , " Anderson explained diplomatically .	pos_neg	5520
Jerry formed Sunday and it is expected to restrengthen .	Jerry formed Sunday and it is not expected to restrengthen .	pos_neg	5521
The pair concluded that dark matter was necessary to explain the results .	The pair concluded that dark matter was not necessary to explain the results .	pos_neg	5522
They like to sit on Santa 's lap .	They do not like to sit on Santa 's lap .	pos_neg	5523
Many in the community wanted to believe it .	Many in the community did not want to believe it .	pos_neg	5524
Of course direct sales is for everyone .	Of course direct sales is not for everyone .	pos_neg	5525
It is often that Toulouse concede more tries than they score .	It is not often that Toulouse concede more tries than they score .	pos_neg	5526
Messages left with an NBC spokeswoman seeking comment Monday were immediately returned .	Messages left with an NBC spokeswoman seeking comment Monday were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5527
We are being eclipsed .	We are not being eclipsed .	pos_neg	5528
" When Louise wants something she stops , " he said .	" When Louise wants something she does not stop , " he said .	pos_neg	5529
" It was some forbidden fruit , " Peele says .	" It was not some forbidden fruit , " Peele says .	pos_neg	5530
Women and children were spared .	Women and children were not spared .	pos_neg	5531
If we do the same , we will just fall behind .	If we do not do the same , we will just fall behind .	pos_neg	5532
But some of those who oppose the policy said they were worried .	But some of those who oppose the policy said they were not worried .	pos_neg	5533
Financial terms of the transaction were disclosed .	Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed .	pos_neg	5534
Incidents like these are going away .	Incidents like these are not going away .	pos_neg	5535
The immediate cause of the crash was known .	The immediate cause of the crash was not known .	pos_neg	5536
He said the injury is serious .	He said the injury is not serious .	pos_neg	5537
Product continuity may have been impressively maintained , but quality control has .	Product continuity may have been impressively maintained , but quality control has not .	pos_neg	5538
She likes cameras .	She does not like cameras .	pos_neg	5539
Thursday night was one of them .	Thursday night was not one of them .	pos_neg	5540
Unfortunately for him he was able to get that game-in and game-out .	Unfortunately for him he was not able to get that game-in and game-out .	pos_neg	5541
He is the only eccentric in Manaus .	He is not the only eccentric in Manaus .	pos_neg	5542
The real deal this fall is shock-value pricing but value for money .	The real deal this fall is not shock-value pricing but value for money .	pos_neg	5543
Reggae war You cut taxes when you are going to war .	Reggae war You do not cut taxes when you are going to war .	pos_neg	5544
The contractors were charged .	The contractors were not charged .	pos_neg	5545
He said it has been determined when the people died .	He said it has not been determined when the people died .	pos_neg	5546
It is clear why 1,4-butanediol was substituted .	It is not clear why 1,4-butanediol was substituted .	pos_neg	5547
You 're spending a fortune on equipment or indoor rental spaces .	You 're not spending a fortune on equipment or indoor rental spaces .	pos_neg	5548
We declared war in Korea or Vietnam .	We did not declare war in Korea or Vietnam .	pos_neg	5549
But investors on Tuesday seemed convinced .	But investors on Tuesday did not seem convinced .	pos_neg	5550
It also means the Giants cannot win .	It also does not mean the Giants cannot win .	pos_neg	5551
And we are just talking about spaceflight here .	And we are not just talking about spaceflight here .	pos_neg	5552
Such faith accounted for the unexpected death of a child .	Such faith did not account for the unexpected death of a child .	pos_neg	5553
This is to compare the Grieg Ballade to the late Beethoven quartets .	This is not to compare the Grieg Ballade to the late Beethoven quartets .	pos_neg	5554
The truth is so simple .	The truth is not so simple .	pos_neg	5555
That is always the case .	That is not always the case .	pos_neg	5556
Such strident criticism seems to faze Mr. Urstadt .	Such strident criticism does not seem to faze Mr. Urstadt .	pos_neg	5557
But hyphens have lost their place altogether .	But hyphens have not lost their place altogether .	pos_neg	5558
The " Legally Blonde " performers crossed picket lines by marching .	The " Legally Blonde " performers did not cross picket lines by marching .	pos_neg	5559
Darling is worried about the five-year expiration .	Darling is not worried about the five-year expiration .	pos_neg	5560
Many boomers and Gen-Xers are saving enough for retirement .	Many boomers and Gen-Xers are not saving enough for retirement .	pos_neg	5561
Because trick or treat is a tradition .	Because trick or treat is not a tradition .	pos_neg	5562
He has , however , suggested that the prison be closed .	He has not , however , suggested that the prison be closed .	pos_neg	5563
It is the money that is going to be the determining factor .	It is not the money that is going to be the determining factor .	pos_neg	5564
Their conditions were immediately known .	Their conditions were not immediately known .	pos_neg	5565
Batkins ' attorney commented after Monday 's hearing .	Batkins ' attorney did not comment after Monday 's hearing .	pos_neg	5566
But online horror is confined to campfire stories .	But online horror is not confined to campfire stories .	pos_neg	5567
For years I assumed Turks just cared how things looked .	For years I assumed Turks just did not care how things looked .	pos_neg	5568
But it is just a celebrity quirk .	But it is not just a celebrity quirk .	pos_neg	5569
But he had .	But he had not .	pos_neg	5570
Pain of an immigrant We know what went on .	Pain of an immigrant We do not know what went on .	pos_neg	5571
It may seem typical , but it is .	It may seem typical , but it is not .	pos_neg	5572
Sometimes you profit ; sometimes it works out .	Sometimes you profit ; sometimes it does not work out .	pos_neg	5573
The financial terms of the acquisition were released .	The financial terms of the acquisition were not released .	pos_neg	5574
Frank Thomas ( sore knee ) played for Toronto .	Frank Thomas ( sore knee ) did not play for Toronto .	pos_neg	5575
They sleep .	They do not sleep .	pos_neg	5576
It was a jolt .	It was not a jolt .	pos_neg	5577
Suffice to say that the two clubs really like each other .	Suffice to say that the two clubs really do not like each other .	pos_neg	5578
But they certainly looked particularly capable of that last night .	But they certainly did not look particularly capable of that last night .	pos_neg	5579
It is really about Iraq .	It is not really about Iraq .	pos_neg	5580
Football is golf .	Football is not golf .	pos_neg	5581
Tom Harkin 's Iowa Steak Fry We are talking about my Amy .	Tom Harkin 's Iowa Steak Fry We are not talking about my Amy .	pos_neg	5582
She knew whether he had a lawyer .	She did not know whether he had a lawyer .	pos_neg	5583
Going undefeated by itself is necessarily enough .	Going undefeated by itself is not necessarily enough .	pos_neg	5584
But the critical comments were included in the movie .	But the critical comments were not included in the movie .	pos_neg	5585
It Was Immediately Clear Whether The Shelling And The Attack Were Linked .	It Was Not Immediately Clear Whether The Shelling And The Attack Were Linked .	pos_neg	5586
I know if Kolby can carry it 20 times .	I do not know if Kolby can carry it 20 times .	pos_neg	5587
And I disagree with him .	And I do not disagree with him .	pos_neg	5588
He was having seizures .	He was not having seizures .	pos_neg	5589
It is clear how many bats were in the building .	It is not clear how many bats were in the building .	pos_neg	5590
The man in the bed was immediately identified or charged .	The man in the bed was not immediately identified or charged .	pos_neg	5591
" We knew , " Evans said .	" We did not know , " Evans said .	pos_neg	5592
And these troops were ambushed .	And these troops were not ambushed .	pos_neg	5593
" I was sure what was down there , " Dahlberg said .	" I was not sure what was down there , " Dahlberg said .	pos_neg	5594
He said what measures Washington should take .	He did not say what measures Washington should take .	pos_neg	5595
They like that person you are .	They do not like that person you are .	pos_neg	5596
This is a shot at Apple .	This is not a shot at Apple .	pos_neg	5597
Those talks have derailed despite political opposition and uncertainty on both sides .	Those talks have not derailed despite political opposition and uncertainty on both sides .	pos_neg	5598
Already , some 40 percent of freshman graduate .	Already , some 40 percent of freshman do not graduate .	pos_neg	5599
And that is the end of their problems .	And that is not the end of their problems .	pos_neg	5600
If you know your cholesterol level , find out .	If you do not know your cholesterol level , find out .	pos_neg	5601
But that has badly disrupted the process .	But that has not badly disrupted the process .	pos_neg	5602
I want to get into feuds with girls half my age .	I do not want to get into feuds with girls half my age .	pos_neg	5603
His attorney responded to messages left by The Associated Press .	His attorney did not respond to messages left by The Associated Press .	pos_neg	5604
Authorities in Argentina say the case is political .	Authorities in Argentina say the case is not political .	pos_neg	5605
So my visit today is new to the Chinese leadership .	So my visit today is not new to the Chinese leadership .	pos_neg	5606
Semmel identified the suppliers .	Semmel did not identify the suppliers .	pos_neg	5607
A court-appointed lawyer for Demmler returned calls yesterday .	A court-appointed lawyer for Demmler did not return calls yesterday .	pos_neg	5608
That made sense .	That did not make sense .	pos_neg	5609
Critics of Con Edison were mollified by the investigation .	Critics of Con Edison were not mollified by the investigation .	pos_neg	5610
No , it is him .	No , it is not him .	pos_neg	5611
Howard was the Magic 's only weapon .	Howard was not the Magic 's only weapon .	pos_neg	5612
" They have called me back , " he says .	" They have not called me back , " he says .	pos_neg	5613
If you are ready , you are hurting the team .	If you are not ready , you are hurting the team .	pos_neg	5614
Feldman 's critique is new .	Feldman 's critique is not new .	pos_neg	5615
I was lying to myself - that is why I did it .	I was not lying to myself - that is why I did it .	pos_neg	5616
It has to be uncivil .	It does not have to be uncivil .	pos_neg	5617
Even if you believe initially , he does .	Even if you do not believe initially , he does .	pos_neg	5618
This phenomenon is new .	This phenomenon is not new .	pos_neg	5619
It affected the Americans at the start .	It did not affect the Americans at the start .	pos_neg	5620
Officials at Bluewater and the state PSC were immediately available for comment .	Officials at Bluewater and the state PSC were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	5621
It matters how to Weisman .	It does not matter how to Weisman .	pos_neg	5622
The last three p-values are corrected for multiplicity .	The last three p-values are not corrected for multiplicity .	pos_neg	5623
" I was actually hated , " he said later .	" I was not actually hated , " he said later .	pos_neg	5624
Many researchers believe that enteroviruses are the only cause of CFS .	Many researchers believe that enteroviruses are not the only cause of CFS .	pos_neg	5625
It is hopeless .	It is not hopeless .	pos_neg	5626
Toyota execs insist the ad is a reaction to their critics .	Toyota execs insist the ad is not a reaction to their critics .	pos_neg	5627
He granted a single request for clemency .	He did not grant a single request for clemency .	pos_neg	5628
I mean , we get that .	I mean , we do not get that .	pos_neg	5629
What was on display was how those interests are changing .	What was not on display was how those interests are changing .	pos_neg	5630
But let Harris 's innocent schoolboy profile fool you .	But do not let Harris 's innocent schoolboy profile fool you .	pos_neg	5631
The Buick 's engine had been started in more than four years .	The Buick 's engine had not been started in more than four years .	pos_neg	5632
And Baghdad today is Baghdad yesterday .	And Baghdad today is not Baghdad yesterday .	pos_neg	5633
She responded to repeated follow-up calls .	She did not respond to repeated follow-up calls .	pos_neg	5634
She is sure .	She is not sure .	pos_neg	5635
They see society as a moribund vessel .	They do not see society as a moribund vessel .	pos_neg	5636
The official gave specific dates for the travel .	The official did not give specific dates for the travel .	pos_neg	5637
I am falling for this robot song and dance .	I am not falling for this robot song and dance .	pos_neg	5638
" I buy that , " said Clinton .	" I do not buy that , " said Clinton .	pos_neg	5639
But history matters .	But history does not matter .	pos_neg	5640
I care - I have done it 128 times .	I do not care - I have done it 128 times .	pos_neg	5641
Most of the dozens of tables inside were .	Most of the dozens of tables inside were not .	pos_neg	5642
But Apple sacrificed its editing features in the process .	But Apple did not sacrifice its editing features in the process .	pos_neg	5643
But doubt Borowski 's guts .	But do not doubt Borowski 's guts .	pos_neg	5644
Jack Wilson has played since hurting his right hamstring on Tuesday night .	Jack Wilson has not played since hurting his right hamstring on Tuesday night .	pos_neg	5645
Insurgent deaths are included .	Insurgent deaths are not included .	pos_neg	5646
They process papers when they say they will .	They do not process papers when they say they will .	pos_neg	5647
His face twitched .	His face did not twitch .	pos_neg	5648
Those criticisms apply , said White House press secretary Tony Snow .	Those criticisms do not apply , said White House press secretary Tony Snow .	pos_neg	5649
The two have spoken for years and that rift apparently has widened .	The two have not spoken for years and that rift apparently has widened .	pos_neg	5650
It is a laptop project .	It is not a laptop project .	pos_neg	5651
The park has given up on Sibu , 31 .	The park has not given up on Sibu , 31 .	pos_neg	5652
Clearly , faith is the only thing driving the market .	Clearly , faith is not the only thing driving the market .	pos_neg	5653
What we need is stoking racial resentment .	What we do not need is stoking racial resentment .	pos_neg	5654
24 - They had expected a strike this year .	24 - They had not expected a strike this year .	pos_neg	5655
Great fun , then , but this band is just having fun .	Great fun , then , but this band is not just having fun .	pos_neg	5656
Statement of Esta Soler It is a power discussion .	Statement of Esta Soler It is not a power discussion .	pos_neg	5657
It was clear whether Levy was hospitalized Tuesday .	It was not clear whether Levy was hospitalized Tuesday .	pos_neg	5658
The oversized head and giant-sized home runs were a coincidence .	The oversized head and giant-sized home runs were not a coincidence .	pos_neg	5659
That is your problem .	That is not your problem .	pos_neg	5660
Petra - state-run , operated by Information Ministry It compares .	Petra - state-run , operated by Information Ministry It does not compare .	pos_neg	5661
updated 11 : 33 a.m. We are in prison .	updated 11 : 33 a.m. We are not in prison .	pos_neg	5662
As a private corporation , Blackwater has to divulge such details .	As a private corporation , Blackwater does not have to divulge such details .	pos_neg	5663
He requested anonymity because he was the official spokesman .	He requested anonymity because he was not the official spokesman .	pos_neg	5664
That makes them gang-related .	That does not make them gang-related .	pos_neg	5665
And yet the concept is exactly obsolete .	And yet the concept is not exactly obsolete .	pos_neg	5666
That means it is easier , officials said .	That does not mean it is easier , officials said .	pos_neg	5667
Which is to say his writing is unaffected by his emotions .	Which is not to say his writing is unaffected by his emotions .	pos_neg	5668
LC : We are going to .	LC : We are not going to .	pos_neg	5669
They have to .	They do not have to .	pos_neg	5670
Football is fair .	Football is not fair .	pos_neg	5671
No , I think we will .	No , I do not think we will .	pos_neg	5672
Other days have worked so well .	Other days have not worked so well .	pos_neg	5673
I sheepishly replied that I had a story .	I sheepishly replied that I did not have a story .	pos_neg	5674
Made it off the bench as United beat Blackburn 2-0 yesterday .	Did not make it off the bench as United beat Blackburn 2-0 yesterday .	pos_neg	5675
It simply was possible .	It simply was not possible .	pos_neg	5676
Maybe she has been truthful with her client , Michael Jackson .	Maybe she has not been truthful with her client , Michael Jackson .	pos_neg	5677
Hamas was invited to the conference .	Hamas was not invited to the conference .	pos_neg	5678
CLINTON : I mind taking hits on my record on issues .	CLINTON : I do not mind taking hits on my record on issues .	pos_neg	5679
We honestly thought we would get there .	We honestly did not think we would get there .	pos_neg	5680
But I can tell you what this is : a Halloween party !	But I can tell you what this is not : a Halloween party !	pos_neg	5681
He said who carried out the raid .	He did not say who carried out the raid .	pos_neg	5682
" " I never said Peyton gets criticized .	" " I never said Peyton does not get criticized .	pos_neg	5683
To hate a group of people indiscriminately is a rational stance .	To hate a group of people indiscriminately is not a rational stance .	pos_neg	5684
It is just Spanish .	It is not just Spanish .	pos_neg	5685
I get on the Internet .	I do not get on the Internet .	pos_neg	5686
The approach represented a complete departure for him , he added .	The approach did not represent a complete departure for him , he added .	pos_neg	5687
Cooperative apartments and most mobile homes are eligible .	Cooperative apartments and most mobile homes are not eligible .	pos_neg	5688
Doyle is accused of direct involvement in a murder .	Doyle is not accused of direct involvement in a murder .	pos_neg	5689
He made little kids cry .	He did not make little kids cry .	pos_neg	5690
He has .	He has not .	pos_neg	5691
Airlines are currently included .	Airlines are not currently included .	pos_neg	5692
A court spokeswoman said they were represented by lawyers .	A court spokeswoman said they were not represented by lawyers .	pos_neg	5693
There are some gadgets that just do it for me .	There are some gadgets that just do not do it for me .	pos_neg	5694
He was involved in the research but agreed with its findings .	He was not involved in the research but agreed with its findings .	pos_neg	5695
She also explained what apartheid meant , a word I knew .	She also explained what apartheid meant , a word I did not know .	pos_neg	5696
The checks are real .	The checks are not real .	pos_neg	5697
Everyone considers menses dirty so people discuss it .	Everyone considers menses dirty so people do not discuss it .	pos_neg	5698
We were blown away at Wembley .	We were not blown away at Wembley .	pos_neg	5699
" I hope they cancel the show , " she said .	" I hope they do not cancel the show , " she said .	pos_neg	5700
Ms. Handon , however , shares these qualms .	Ms. Handon , however , does not share these qualms .	pos_neg	5701
Voters cannot connect with a candidate they feel they know .	Voters cannot connect with a candidate they feel they do not know .	pos_neg	5702
" It is a bad day , considering , " Davies said .	" It is not a bad day , considering , " Davies said .	pos_neg	5703
NATO identified their nationalities .	NATO did not identify their nationalities .	pos_neg	5704
The monsieur is for turning .	The monsieur is not for turning .	pos_neg	5705
She is a reporter that is reporting just the story .	She is not a reporter that is reporting just the story .	pos_neg	5706
Djokovic makes Vienna semis , Ljubicic out This was good enough .	Djokovic makes Vienna semis , Ljubicic out This was not good enough .	pos_neg	5707
" " But I wanted to go North .	" " But I did not want to go North .	pos_neg	5708
It was easy for the Mets on Sunday .	It was not easy for the Mets on Sunday .	pos_neg	5709
It is required to identify its donors or the amounts they give .	It is not required to identify its donors or the amounts they give .	pos_neg	5710
It has to be super content , extreme content .	It does not have to be super content , extreme content .	pos_neg	5711
MoneyInstructor.com Coughlin likes this public image .	MoneyInstructor.com Coughlin does not like this public image .	pos_neg	5712
I am sure how to operate the pants .	I am not sure how to operate the pants .	pos_neg	5713
Time dulled his prodigious talent or his razor-sharp tongue .	Time did not dull his prodigious talent or his razor-sharp tongue .	pos_neg	5714
They love music .	They do not love music .	pos_neg	5715
I wanted to let go ; I just knew the procedure .	I wanted to let go ; I just did not know the procedure .	pos_neg	5716
I have seen him for a long time .	I have not seen him for a long time .	pos_neg	5717
But it looks like they will change their minds .	But it does not look like they will change their minds .	pos_neg	5718
We have a cycling centre .	We do not have a cycling centre .	pos_neg	5719
Nickles knew the nature of Karen Mathes ' illness .	Nickles did not know the nature of Karen Mathes ' illness .	pos_neg	5720
It was immediately clear if Smith had an attorney .	It was not immediately clear if Smith had an attorney .	pos_neg	5721
The crowd of 48,575 was a sellout .	The crowd of 48,575 was not a sellout .	pos_neg	5722
It also points out that the increased growth of eyelashes is permanent .	It also points out that the increased growth of eyelashes is not permanent .	pos_neg	5723
I know why .	I do not know why .	pos_neg	5724
Petersen acknowledged that his family has been overwhelmed with calls .	Petersen acknowledged that his family has not been overwhelmed with calls .	pos_neg	5725
O.J. to Spend Time Golfing I know who to trust .	O.J. to Spend Time Golfing I do not know who to trust .	pos_neg	5726
That is the case .	That is not the case .	pos_neg	5727
What there is in the Yankee clubhouse is panic or desperation .	What there is not in the Yankee clubhouse is panic or desperation .	pos_neg	5728
He said it was clear who behind the bloodshed .	He said it was not clear who behind the bloodshed .	pos_neg	5729
Manny Ramírez and David Ortiz are the stars of baseball 's postseason .	Manny Ramírez and David Ortiz are not the stars of baseball 's postseason .	pos_neg	5730
A message left after business hours for Hurst was immediately returned .	A message left after business hours for Hurst was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5731
Besides , he was demanding .	Besides , he was not demanding .	pos_neg	5732
According to records , the judgment has been satisfied .	According to records , the judgment has not been satisfied .	pos_neg	5733
You have to travel far .	You do not have to travel far .	pos_neg	5734
That was fast enough for some .	That was not fast enough for some .	pos_neg	5735
, who was involved in the study .	, who was not involved in the study .	pos_neg	5736
They 've qualified .	They 've not qualified .	pos_neg	5737
You see signposts like that en route to Old Trafford .	You do not see signposts like that en route to Old Trafford .	pos_neg	5738
Beckham sees it that way , of course .	Beckham does not see it that way , of course .	pos_neg	5739
The girl 's injuries were considered life-threatening .	The girl 's injuries were not considered life-threatening .	pos_neg	5740
It is just Harry 's secrets that can now be revealed .	It is not just Harry 's secrets that can now be revealed .	pos_neg	5741
Alonso attended .	Alonso did not attend .	pos_neg	5742
That is the game we are trying to promote .	That is not the game we are trying to promote .	pos_neg	5743
Aramco specified how many people were killed or injured .	Aramco did not specify how many people were killed or injured .	pos_neg	5744
Couey replied , he said .	Couey did not reply , he said .	pos_neg	5745
I said that .	I did not say that .	pos_neg	5746
It is that my immediately family is less important .	It is not that my immediately family is less important .	pos_neg	5747
Why this is the case , we are really sure .	Why this is the case , we are not really sure .	pos_neg	5748
Details on the death were immediately available .	Details on the death were not immediately available .	pos_neg	5749
Company officials were immediately available for comment .	Company officials were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	5750
We are asking for a flat fee .	We are not asking for a flat fee .	pos_neg	5751
He is only bothered about himself .	He is not only bothered about himself .	pos_neg	5752
Apple was immediately available for comment Friday .	Apple was not immediately available for comment Friday .	pos_neg	5753
Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee ( D-Texas ) accepted that response .	Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee ( D-Texas ) did not accept that response .	pos_neg	5754
The cross-ownership permission in those markets transfers to a new owner .	The cross-ownership permission in those markets does not transfer to a new owner .	pos_neg	5755
Their specific police assignments were released .	Their specific police assignments were not released .	pos_neg	5756
This is some ego trip for me .	This is not some ego trip for me .	pos_neg	5757
The power of its archival images has diminished with familiarity .	The power of its archival images has not diminished with familiarity .	pos_neg	5758
I think in a way it has to be exact .	I think in a way it does not have to be exact .	pos_neg	5759
CB , Edinburgh Details of the Chrysler deal were immediately available .	CB , Edinburgh Details of the Chrysler deal were not immediately available .	pos_neg	5760
A defensive struggle , it is .	A defensive struggle , it is not .	pos_neg	5761
About 190,000 weapons were fully accounted for , according to one audit .	About 190,000 weapons were not fully accounted for , according to one audit .	pos_neg	5762
The campaign corresponds to Switzerland 's multicultural openness to the world .	The campaign does not correspond to Switzerland 's multicultural openness to the world .	pos_neg	5763
Third-seeded Croatian Ljubicic had lost in Vienna in 12 consecutive matches .	Third-seeded Croatian Ljubicic had not lost in Vienna in 12 consecutive matches .	pos_neg	5764
He specified whether Iran should be included in the peace talks .	He did not specify whether Iran should be included in the peace talks .	pos_neg	5765
A telephone message left at Walters ' residence was returned Sunday .	A telephone message left at Walters ' residence was not returned Sunday .	pos_neg	5766
He got far with professional help .	He did not get far with professional help .	pos_neg	5767
Years later , officials say the site poses a health hazard .	Years later , officials say the site does not pose a health hazard .	pos_neg	5768
But I look at it that way .	But I do not look at it that way .	pos_neg	5769
Using geometry to describe the world is new .	Using geometry to describe the world is not new .	pos_neg	5770
A message left with Hudgens ' representative was immediately returned .	A message left with Hudgens ' representative was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5771
These people deserve to live .	These people do not deserve to live .	pos_neg	5772
Whiting said Off Duty is nominated to the Breeders ' Cup .	Whiting said Off Duty is not nominated to the Breeders ' Cup .	pos_neg	5773
He disputed the claim that workers were allowed access to phones .	He disputed the claim that workers were not allowed access to phones .	pos_neg	5774
It would be funny if it were so sad .	It would be funny if it were not so sad .	pos_neg	5775
A prior Caesarean section was the only factor which increased risk .	A prior Caesarean section was not the only factor which increased risk .	pos_neg	5776
Then again , they had to .	Then again , they did not have to .	pos_neg	5777
You 've shown me that is true .	You 've shown me that is not true .	pos_neg	5778
They clearly were pleased that photos of the protests went on line .	They clearly were not pleased that photos of the protests went on line .	pos_neg	5779
Disabled and 53 years old , Ms. Pellegrino works .	Disabled and 53 years old , Ms. Pellegrino does not work .	pos_neg	5780
He wanted to be associated with that ... that comedy act .	He did not want to be associated with that ... that comedy act .	pos_neg	5781
Israeli officials returned repeated messages seeking comment on the matter .	Israeli officials did not return repeated messages seeking comment on the matter .	pos_neg	5782
Because this kind of thing happens in Finland .	Because this kind of thing does not happen in Finland .	pos_neg	5783
It was that I was uninsured .	It was not that I was uninsured .	pos_neg	5784
" It is Sean , " Beamer said .	" It is not Sean , " Beamer said .	pos_neg	5785
I mean they were doing well .	I mean they were not doing well .	pos_neg	5786
And make sure your pots are too elaborate .	And make sure your pots are not too elaborate .	pos_neg	5787
But it is about that .	But it is not about that .	pos_neg	5788
But the rail project itself has started .	But the rail project itself has not started .	pos_neg	5789
I just feel I should be penalized .	I just do not feel I should be penalized .	pos_neg	5790
Steinbrenner was concerned that Posada will be 40 when the deal expires .	Steinbrenner was not concerned that Posada will be 40 when the deal expires .	pos_neg	5791
And we are just talking tech startups .	And we are not just talking tech startups .	pos_neg	5792
PELOSI : The facts are self-evident that the progress is being made .	PELOSI : The facts are self-evident that the progress is not being made .	pos_neg	5793
" I am a Republican clone , " he tells NEWSWEEK .	" I am not a Republican clone , " he tells NEWSWEEK .	pos_neg	5794
And Apple is the only near-monopolist that media companies deal with .	And Apple is not the only near-monopolist that media companies deal with .	pos_neg	5795
Now , you are so sure .	Now , you are not so sure .	pos_neg	5796
But housing is the predominant source of job growth .	But housing is not the predominant source of job growth .	pos_neg	5797
It has to be this way .	It does not have to be this way .	pos_neg	5798
A telephone message left with the company Tuesday was immediately returned .	A telephone message left with the company Tuesday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	5799
Except that you are .	Except that you are not .	pos_neg	5800
He is afraid to go out there and take chances .	He is not afraid to go out there and take chances .	pos_neg	5801
Xiao was serious about getting married .	Xiao was not serious about getting married .	pos_neg	5802
Countrywide representatives responded to a request for comment .	Countrywide representatives did not respond to a request for comment .	pos_neg	5803
" You seek this job , " Carr said .	" You do not seek this job , " Carr said .	pos_neg	5804
They are unrelated .	They are not unrelated .	pos_neg	5805
CSB executives , however , reportedly are convinced by the official reason .	CSB executives , however , reportedly are not convinced by the official reason .	pos_neg	5806
At least it was a mop .	At least it was not a mop .	pos_neg	5807
" It is a perfect situation , " she said .	" It is not a perfect situation , " she said .	pos_neg	5808
It is hard to see why Saramago was tempted by Communism .	It is not hard to see why Saramago was tempted by Communism .	pos_neg	5809
I have that option .	I do not have that option .	pos_neg	5810
No , we are talking about the subprime mortgage market .	No , we are not talking about the subprime mortgage market .	pos_neg	5811
Kauai Open Session : Daltrey 's so sure .	Kauai Open Session : Daltrey 's not so sure .	pos_neg	5812
Veveo is alone in pursuing these concepts .	Veveo is not alone in pursuing these concepts .	pos_neg	5813
And I just know the answer to that , Chris .	And I just do not know the answer to that , Chris .	pos_neg	5814
Military officials had reported casualty figures by late Thursday .	Military officials had not reported casualty figures by late Thursday .	pos_neg	5815
Details of his visit were known .	Details of his visit were not known .	pos_neg	5816
That fantasy is quite fulfilled at the moment .	That fantasy is not quite fulfilled at the moment .	pos_neg	5817
But I wanted to be in his shadow every season .	But I did not want to be in his shadow every season .	pos_neg	5818
And now it is the right time because of Gulf War Two .	And now it is not the right time because of Gulf War Two .	pos_neg	5819
It is an entire system or an entire schematic thing .	It is not an entire system or an entire schematic thing .	pos_neg	5820
Harding has always said she knew of the plan .	Harding has always said she did not know of the plan .	pos_neg	5821
The two have faced off since 1990 , when Calipari coached Massachusetts .	The two have not faced off since 1990 , when Calipari coached Massachusetts .	pos_neg	5822
He was connected with the research .	He was not connected with the research .	pos_neg	5823
They cannot be regarded as definitive because they include the self-employed .	They cannot be regarded as definitive because they do not include the self-employed .	pos_neg	5824
Ryan owns you !	Ryan does not own you !	pos_neg	5825
That happened for another 12 or 13 hours .	That did not happen for another 12 or 13 hours .	pos_neg	5826
Pate said Abe has displayed aggressive tendencies but is normally dangerous .	Pate said Abe has displayed aggressive tendencies but is not normally dangerous .	pos_neg	5827
But you have to make a commitment to cash in .	But you do not have to make a commitment to cash in .	pos_neg	5828
They are qualified for the job they do .	They are not qualified for the job they do .	pos_neg	5829
Donohue told reporters that he and the mother had seen the video .	Donohue told reporters that he and the mother had not seen the video .	pos_neg	5830
Winehouse attended the hearing .	Winehouse did not attend the hearing .	pos_neg	5831
" It is that hard , " she says .	" It is not that hard , " she says .	pos_neg	5832
WINE surely is supposed to be brown .	WINE surely is not supposed to be brown .	pos_neg	5833
I felt comfortable approaching the government with that .	I did not feel comfortable approaching the government with that .	pos_neg	5834
The legerdemain ends there .	The legerdemain does not end there .	pos_neg	5835
They needed to speak .	They did not need to speak .	pos_neg	5836
He was sure how to respond .	He was not sure how to respond .	pos_neg	5837
All those teams say that they are interested at this point .	All those teams say that they are not interested at this point .	pos_neg	5838
The political pork in Iowa is military .	The political pork in Iowa is not military .	pos_neg	5839
I want it to be close .	I do not want it to be close .	pos_neg	5840
'Moving forward' His conclusion : all calories are alike .	'Moving forward' His conclusion : all calories are not alike .	pos_neg	5841
We knew if there was a bomb .	We did not know if there was a bomb .	pos_neg	5842
It is like they arrived at the scene and went dashing in .	It is not like they arrived at the scene and went dashing in .	pos_neg	5843
Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party was immediately available for comment .	Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	5844
At April 's draft , that seemed possible .	At April 's draft , that did not seem possible .	pos_neg	5845
Freedom is free .	Freedom is not free .	pos_neg	5846
A house that was lived in and about three outbuildings were destroyed .	A house that was not lived in and about three outbuildings were destroyed .	pos_neg	5847
But " Damages " is the typical legal drama .	But " Damages " is not the typical legal drama .	pos_neg	5848
It is one guy .	It is not one guy .	pos_neg	5849
And so many of the treatments work .	And so many of the treatments do not work .	pos_neg	5850
SAN FRANCISCO - Max Levchin is easily distracted from his work .	SAN FRANCISCO - Max Levchin is not easily distracted from his work .	pos_neg	5851
I am sure I expected the market event .	I am not sure I expected the market event .	pos_neg	5852
Polanco made an error this season .	Polanco did not make an error this season .	pos_neg	5853
Theirs is a Grand Tour , but a narrow one .	Theirs is not a Grand Tour , but a narrow one .	pos_neg	5854
It is glitzy that these are young , honorable , patriotic Americans .	It is not glitzy that these are young , honorable , patriotic Americans .	pos_neg	5855
Today was the time or the place .	Today was not the time or the place .	pos_neg	5856
That is what it needs now .	That is not what it needs now .	pos_neg	5857
My list is rock , acid or otherwise .	My list is not rock , acid or otherwise .	pos_neg	5858
I am one genre .	I am not one genre .	pos_neg	5859
Miller was cited for the crash on private property .	Miller was not cited for the crash on private property .	pos_neg	5860
I am There ( R , 135 minutes ) .	I am Not There ( R , 135 minutes ) .	pos_neg	5861
But second seed Els would rather they had clashed so early .	But second seed Els would rather they had not clashed so early .	pos_neg	5862
His remaining seven dogs that were injured are in a fenced area .	His remaining seven dogs that were not injured are in a fenced area .	pos_neg	5863
We had to get this far .	We did not have to get this far .	pos_neg	5864
You belong in the United States senate .	You do not belong in the United States senate .	pos_neg	5865
Some I have bought and some I have .	Some I have bought and some I have not .	pos_neg	5866
We did that when we elected the last president .	We did not do that when we elected the last president .	pos_neg	5867
It helps that Mr. Basavich is undisguisable .	It does not help that Mr. Basavich is undisguisable .	pos_neg	5868
He has exactly been shunned or dismissed by the sport 's intelligentsia .	He has not exactly been shunned or dismissed by the sport 's intelligentsia .	pos_neg	5869
Wall Street has been Wall Street for a long time .	Wall Street has not been Wall Street for a long time .	pos_neg	5870
" I was arguing , " she said .	" I was not arguing , " she said .	pos_neg	5871
, Brendsel elaborated on his notes .	, Brendsel did not elaborate on his notes .	pos_neg	5872
Democrats concede that arguments over such fine detail excite voters .	Democrats concede that arguments over such fine detail do not excite voters .	pos_neg	5873
McConough thinks it was the first time the zebra has come around .	McConough thinks it was not the first time the zebra has come around .	pos_neg	5874
The project is now stalled , and Ms. Synodinou regrets it .	The project is now stalled , and Ms. Synodinou does not regret it .	pos_neg	5875
She is willing to walk away with nothing .	She is not willing to walk away with nothing .	pos_neg	5876
Petraeus took part in this session .	Petraeus did not take part in this session .	pos_neg	5877
This Kerik thing has exactly been a secret .	This Kerik thing has not exactly been a secret .	pos_neg	5878
We have weights .	We do not have weights .	pos_neg	5879
The new measure contains everything we would have liked .	The new measure does not contain everything we would have liked .	pos_neg	5880
He seemed to mind .	He did not seem to mind .	pos_neg	5881
But that is the case here .	But that is not the case here .	pos_neg	5882
Madrazo 's office returned phone calls from The Associated Press .	Madrazo 's office did not return phone calls from The Associated Press .	pos_neg	5883
If you get drunk , that is fine , but drive .	If you get drunk , that is fine , but do not drive .	pos_neg	5884
The company paid a dividend in the second quarter .	The company did not pay a dividend in the second quarter .	pos_neg	5885
This type of custom design comes cheap .	This type of custom design does not come cheap .	pos_neg	5886
There are so many parties involved and they all agree .	There are so many parties involved and they all do not agree .	pos_neg	5887
" It is anonymous to me , " Hugo said .	" It is not anonymous to me , " Hugo said .	pos_neg	5888
Heffelfinger has maintained that he had been pressured to leave .	Heffelfinger has maintained that he had not been pressured to leave .	pos_neg	5889
It takes an extremely intelligent person to plan it out .	It does not take an extremely intelligent person to plan it out .	pos_neg	5890
They know what choices are , what they can achieve .	They do not know what choices are , what they can achieve .	pos_neg	5891
We got a professional inspection before the closing .	We did not get a professional inspection before the closing .	pos_neg	5892
As a result , any pictures used are from the current match .	As a result , any pictures used are not from the current match .	pos_neg	5893
( c ) Amounts foot due to rounding .	( c ) Amounts do not foot due to rounding .	pos_neg	5894
Ieng Sary , thought to be 77 , was available for comment .	Ieng Sary , thought to be 77 , was not available for comment .	pos_neg	5895
I hope you do the same .	I hope you do not do the same .	pos_neg	5896
" That is about sexual harassment , " he said .	" That is not about sexual harassment , " he said .	pos_neg	5897
" There is , " Lopez insists .	" There is not , " Lopez insists .	pos_neg	5898
I know how I can reach this goal .	I do not know how I can reach this goal .	pos_neg	5899
In my experience it is possible to say yes to everyone .	In my experience it is not possible to say yes to everyone .	pos_neg	5900
At least they drive .	At least they do not drive .	pos_neg	5901
The notice said when the suspension would expire .	The notice did not say when the suspension would expire .	pos_neg	5902
Problem : You have a spare bedroom .	Problem : You do not have a spare bedroom .	pos_neg	5903
Happily , in retirement Denning disappeared from public life .	Happily , in retirement Denning did not disappear from public life .	pos_neg	5904
Because life is like that .	Because life is not like that .	pos_neg	5905
We think IAPV alone is causing this disease .	We do not think IAPV alone is causing this disease .	pos_neg	5906
Losing today is so bad .	Losing today is not so bad .	pos_neg	5907
Consumers have to sue to get a refund .	Consumers do not have to sue to get a refund .	pos_neg	5908
That man hesitated to shoot .	That man did not hesitate to shoot .	pos_neg	5909
The ruling decided whether the program was lawful .	The ruling did not decide whether the program was lawful .	pos_neg	5910
¶ Get caught up in a bidding frenzy at an auction .	¶ Do not get caught up in a bidding frenzy at an auction .	pos_neg	5911
The malfunction is an immediate problem .	The malfunction is not an immediate problem .	pos_neg	5912
I would be surprised if by mid-afternoon they had reacted quite dramatically .	I would be surprised if by mid-afternoon they had not reacted quite dramatically .	pos_neg	5913
Even women doctors are always sure what to do .	Even women doctors are not always sure what to do .	pos_neg	5914
I know how to explain it .	I do not know how to explain it .	pos_neg	5915
But that alone is enough .	But that alone is not enough .	pos_neg	5916
" " I want to throw a brick at Atlanta .	" " I do not want to throw a brick at Atlanta .	pos_neg	5917
You want to go there and cause problems .	You do not want to go there and cause problems .	pos_neg	5918
Baise and Davis were available for comment yesterday .	Baise and Davis were not available for comment yesterday .	pos_neg	5919
I really knew what that term meant .	I really did not know what that term meant .	pos_neg	5920
Above all , let your friend drag you down .	Above all , do not let your friend drag you down .	pos_neg	5921
Alou stuck around to enjoy the end of the game .	Alou did not stick around to enjoy the end of the game .	pos_neg	5922
" I think it is unrealistic , " said Zied .	" I do not think it is unrealistic , " said Zied .	pos_neg	5923
Manning was spectacular , but he was efficient .	Manning was not spectacular , but he was efficient .	pos_neg	5924
Cleveland has been a total bottom-feeder .	Cleveland has not been a total bottom-feeder .	pos_neg	5925
But it is an illusion , because they were really that close .	But it is an illusion , because they were not really that close .	pos_neg	5926
The train was going to cut it .	The train was not going to cut it .	pos_neg	5927
I was rooting against Hamilton .	I was not rooting against Hamilton .	pos_neg	5928
But it happened that fast .	But it did not happen that fast .	pos_neg	5929
" We are just about real estate , " Mr. Steele said .	" We are not just about real estate , " Mr. Steele said .	pos_neg	5930
But the Os had Prosinecki or Shuker .	But the Os did not have Prosinecki or Shuker .	pos_neg	5931
It is government-run health care .	It is not government-run health care .	pos_neg	5932
But that was the most important thing about the holiday .	But that was not the most important thing about the holiday .	pos_neg	5933
But that had to do with color but with results .	But that did not have to do with color but with results .	pos_neg	5934
I mean , I know .	I mean , I do not know .	pos_neg	5935
Microsoft disclosed the terms of the settlement .	Microsoft did not disclose the terms of the settlement .	pos_neg	5936
Until those plummet , it is time to hit the panic button .	Until those plummet , it is not time to hit the panic button .	pos_neg	5937
" We are gloating , " Jay-Z told The Associated Press .	" We are not gloating , " Jay-Z told The Associated Press .	pos_neg	5938
The VA responded to several requests for comment .	The VA did not respond to several requests for comment .	pos_neg	5939
But monks have always been in the political front lines .	But monks have not always been in the political front lines .	pos_neg	5940
Kersteen says Polson 's using " re-elect " is right .	Kersteen says Polson 's using " re-elect " is not right .	pos_neg	5941
And when he is there , no one else will be .	And when he is not there , no one else will be .	pos_neg	5942
Campaign staffers said Jack had seen the film .	Campaign staffers said Jack had not seen the film .	pos_neg	5943
He said he was a terrorist .	He said he was not a terrorist .	pos_neg	5944
" It is enough , " said Edwards .	" It is not enough , " said Edwards .	pos_neg	5945
This is the case .	This is not the case .	pos_neg	5946
But discount the importance of electability .	But do not discount the importance of electability .	pos_neg	5947
Any growth on the foot is considered normal .	Any growth on the foot is not considered normal .	pos_neg	5948
Manager Joe Torre said he was concerned about Hughes 's velocity .	Manager Joe Torre said he was not concerned about Hughes 's velocity .	pos_neg	5949
We executed .	We did not execute .	pos_neg	5950
She went underground and that was popular .	She went underground and that was not popular .	pos_neg	5951
But while his freedom is now assured , his assets are .	But while his freedom is now assured , his assets are not .	pos_neg	5952
A MillerCoors headquarters was announced .	A MillerCoors headquarters was not announced .	pos_neg	5953
But it comes out like that .	But it does not come out like that .	pos_neg	5954
This is a time to be triumphalistic .	This is not a time to be triumphalistic .	pos_neg	5955
He likes to travel more than once a year .	He does not like to travel more than once a year .	pos_neg	5956
We were Republicans or Democrats .	We were not Republicans or Democrats .	pos_neg	5957
I want to run as an act of habit .	I do not want to run as an act of habit .	pos_neg	5958
However , that takes other sources of error into account .	However , that does not take other sources of error into account .	pos_neg	5959
And he is the only one who views Africom unfavourably .	And he is not the only one who views Africom unfavourably .	pos_neg	5960
Unfortunately , the selection is great .	Unfortunately , the selection is not great .	pos_neg	5961
You call a timeout .	You do not call a timeout .	pos_neg	5962
Raise hands on women .	Do not raise hands on women .	pos_neg	5963
No , I have .	No , I have not .	pos_neg	5964
But sometimes a rich past means a riveting present .	But sometimes a rich past does not mean a riveting present .	pos_neg	5965
I am hoping it is too late .	I am hoping it is not too late .	pos_neg	5966
There is little comfort in knowing we are alone .	There is little comfort in knowing we are not alone .	pos_neg	5967
Pabu , their Shih Tzu , has adjusted as well .	Pabu , their Shih Tzu , has not adjusted as well .	pos_neg	5968
The prints matched Knox or Sollecito .	The prints did not match Knox or Sollecito .	pos_neg	5969
But the ones we chose were good enough .	But the ones we chose were not good enough .	pos_neg	5970
" I like it , " Dr. Griffin said .	" I do not like it , " Dr. Griffin said .	pos_neg	5971
Interest rates have held things back , and gas prices have helped .	Interest rates have held things back , and gas prices have not helped .	pos_neg	5972
And it helped us .	And it did not help us .	pos_neg	5973
Dr. Snell said the bruises were related to Mr. Barksdale 's death .	Dr. Snell said the bruises were not related to Mr. Barksdale 's death .	pos_neg	5974
" I really wanted to miss that , " she said .	" I really did not want to miss that , " she said .	pos_neg	5975
" I know her , " Ms. Seck had to explain .	" I do not know her , " Ms. Seck had to explain .	pos_neg	5976
Ms. Aeriel said they belonged to her or her friends .	Ms. Aeriel said they did not belong to her or her friends .	pos_neg	5977
Let 's all hope it backfires !	Let 's all hope it does not backfire !	pos_neg	5978
For Mr. Nelson interpretation involved close line readings .	For Mr. Nelson interpretation did not involve close line readings .	pos_neg	5979
But experts are convinced by the findings .	But experts are not convinced by the findings .	pos_neg	5980
They have been arrested for the murder of Rhys Jones .	They have not been arrested for the murder of Rhys Jones .	pos_neg	5981
So far the money promised has materialised .	So far the money promised has not materialised .	pos_neg	5982
The exact financial details of the transaction being discussed are clear .	The exact financial details of the transaction being discussed are not clear .	pos_neg	5983
I am writing a history of famous people .	I am not writing a history of famous people .	pos_neg	5984
But make policy-wonking the centrepiece of these next two years .	But do not make policy-wonking the centrepiece of these next two years .	pos_neg	5985
You get it .	You do not get it .	pos_neg	5986
The man 's age was immediately known .	The man 's age was not immediately known .	pos_neg	5987
I want to ruin the mood .	I do not want to ruin the mood .	pos_neg	5988
She had taken it off in more than 50 years .	She had not taken it off in more than 50 years .	pos_neg	5989
For example , many people say cold calling works .	For example , many people say cold calling does not work .	pos_neg	5990
The Fed has lowered this rate in four years .	The Fed has not lowered this rate in four years .	pos_neg	5991
Someone is eventually going to get hurt if he is apprehended .	Someone is eventually going to get hurt if he is not apprehended .	pos_neg	5992
The Iraqi government is .	The Iraqi government is not .	pos_neg	5993
Proposing Japan for permanent membership of the U.N. Security Council is enough .	Proposing Japan for permanent membership of the U.N. Security Council is not enough .	pos_neg	5994
Après Après-Ski Vermonters deal with cold weather , they embrace it .	Après Après-Ski Vermonters do not deal with cold weather , they embrace it .	pos_neg	5995
The four-page filing detailed the basis for the appeal .	The four-page filing did not detail the basis for the appeal .	pos_neg	5996
As a first-time mom , I recognized the warning signs .	As a first-time mom , I did not recognize the warning signs .	pos_neg	5997
But I plan to lose sight of who I am .	But I do not plan to lose sight of who I am .	pos_neg	5998
Avery 's waiting by the phone and hoping for a second chance .	Avery 's not waiting by the phone and hoping for a second chance .	pos_neg	5999
The mortgage rates include add-on fees known as points .	The mortgage rates do not include add-on fees known as points .	pos_neg	6000
This is MoveOn 's first controversy .	This is not MoveOn 's first controversy .	pos_neg	6001
Draft budget Suddenly , though , viruses were spreading as quickly .	Draft budget Suddenly , though , viruses were not spreading as quickly .	pos_neg	6002
But money was included in the state budget to administer the program .	But money was not included in the state budget to administer the program .	pos_neg	6003
Plans to sharply increase that number have gone unchallenged .	Plans to sharply increase that number have not gone unchallenged .	pos_neg	6004
Sometimes you have to deal with things you 've experienced .	Sometimes you have to deal with things you 've not experienced .	pos_neg	6005
But Ms. Anthony is making sure her son grows too fast .	But Ms. Anthony is making sure her son does not grow too fast .	pos_neg	6006
id = 1707302007 He was great .	id = 1707302007 He was not great .	pos_neg	6007
Law lords ruled that the two jurors had been impartial .	Law lords ruled that the two jurors had not been impartial .	pos_neg	6008
Al-Ayam - long-established daily Washington flinched .	Al-Ayam - long-established daily Washington did not flinch .	pos_neg	6009
There is a marker on the grave .	There is not a marker on the grave .	pos_neg	6010
He was permitted a final visit to his home .	He was not permitted a final visit to his home .	pos_neg	6011
The Knicks are sure when Randolph will return .	The Knicks are not sure when Randolph will return .	pos_neg	6012
" It is an allegation of cheating , " Caritj said .	" It is not an allegation of cheating , " Caritj said .	pos_neg	6013
Many residents say they are frustrated by what has happened since then .	Many residents say they are frustrated by what has not happened since then .	pos_neg	6014
Personally , I am a fan of doing away with plastic bags .	Personally , I am not a fan of doing away with plastic bags .	pos_neg	6015
I am that jet-lagged , hahaha .	I am not that jet-lagged , hahaha .	pos_neg	6016
Letourneau said he knew whether the suspects had lawyers .	Letourneau said he did not know whether the suspects had lawyers .	pos_neg	6017
Small outdoor shelters , dugouts or sheds offer the same protection .	Small outdoor shelters , dugouts or sheds do not offer the same protection .	pos_neg	6018
" I think it is safe , " said Draga .	" I do not think it is safe , " said Draga .	pos_neg	6019
I believe in Satan .	I do not believe in Satan .	pos_neg	6020
I am new to the city and know many people .	I am new to the city and do not know many people .	pos_neg	6021
He is exactly saying that 60 is the new 30 .	He is not exactly saying that 60 is the new 30 .	pos_neg	6022
This is the time for an election .	This is not the time for an election .	pos_neg	6023
Williams was a random target , prosecutor Brian Abraham said Wednesday .	Williams was not a random target , prosecutor Brian Abraham said Wednesday .	pos_neg	6024
Their smartphones are smart , so they need to be .	Their smartphones are smart , so they do not need to be .	pos_neg	6025
Officers said she had been seen since .	Officers said she had not been seen since .	pos_neg	6026
A call to Esterday 's home was immediately returned .	A call to Esterday 's home was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6027
So take advantage of people .	So do not take advantage of people .	pos_neg	6028
And of course they are wrong .	And of course they are not wrong .	pos_neg	6029
Prayer books and other worship materials are affected by this process .	Prayer books and other worship materials are not affected by this process .	pos_neg	6030
No , he was trying to pick up another girlfriend .	No , he was not trying to pick up another girlfriend .	pos_neg	6031
They later said it had erupted .	They later said it had not erupted .	pos_neg	6032
And that is for cars that need to be plugged in .	And that is for cars that do not need to be plugged in .	pos_neg	6033
These wines were without problems .	These wines were not without problems .	pos_neg	6034
It is always perfect .	It is not always perfect .	pos_neg	6035
" What you get from it is freedom , " he argues .	" What you get from it is not freedom , " he argues .	pos_neg	6036
Tom Brady needs to know what their signals are .	Tom Brady does not need to know what their signals are .	pos_neg	6037
" " I am trying to exonerate Kelsey .	" " I am not trying to exonerate Kelsey .	pos_neg	6038
I am a fraud .	I am not a fraud .	pos_neg	6039
It seems the expected path post-reality success just was for him .	It seems the expected path post-reality success just was not for him .	pos_neg	6040
The storm hit Germany as hard as expected Thursday night .	The storm did not hit Germany as hard as expected Thursday night .	pos_neg	6041
I have a feeling that you are .	I have a feeling that you are not .	pos_neg	6042
That was a big problem .	That was not a big problem .	pos_neg	6043
It was immediately known who was Wright 's attorney .	It was not immediately known who was Wright 's attorney .	pos_neg	6044
Lyman , 37 , is your average political fundraiser .	Lyman , 37 , is not your average political fundraiser .	pos_neg	6045
The surviving woman 's name was released .	The surviving woman 's name was not released .	pos_neg	6046
That is because some of the have were supposed to be haves .	That is because some of the have not were supposed to be haves .	pos_neg	6047
But let 's make a mistake .	But let 's not make a mistake .	pos_neg	6048
But that was going to be enough .	But that was not going to be enough .	pos_neg	6049
But they acknowledge that they know what would happen next .	But they acknowledge that they do not know what would happen next .	pos_neg	6050
Diplomacy is transparent by nature .	Diplomacy is not transparent by nature .	pos_neg	6051
" This is normal , ' I thought .	" This is not normal , ' I thought .	pos_neg	6052
Most people knew what they were .	Most people did not know what they were .	pos_neg	6053
Wolf touched it .	Wolf did not touch it .	pos_neg	6054
Offers had been received , he added , but had been accepted .	Offers had been received , he added , but had not been accepted .	pos_neg	6055
Nashville country , you get that kind of variety .	Nashville country , you do not get that kind of variety .	pos_neg	6056
It matters .	It does not matter .	pos_neg	6057
Quite honestly , I am surprised that percentage is higher .	Quite honestly , I am surprised that percentage is not higher .	pos_neg	6058
That is how you lead men .	That is not how you lead men .	pos_neg	6059
The Giants are scheduled to practice this weekend .	The Giants are not scheduled to practice this weekend .	pos_neg	6060
It is most likely a virus , but we have identified it .	It is most likely a virus , but we have not identified it .	pos_neg	6061
These statements are statements of historical fact .	These statements are not statements of historical fact .	pos_neg	6062
The New York City marathon had experienced a death in 14 years .	The New York City marathon had not experienced a death in 14 years .	pos_neg	6063
That is " most , ' that is Pants-on-Fire wrong .	That is not " most , ' that is Pants-on-Fire wrong .	pos_neg	6064
The Court has decided whether the Class or Carrier is right .	The Court has not decided whether the Class or Carrier is right .	pos_neg	6065
Peters knew whether Peterson had graduated from the 300- student school .	Peters did not know whether Peterson had graduated from the 300- student school .	pos_neg	6066
But that is happening under the current system .	But that is not happening under the current system .	pos_neg	6067
I pretend to know all the details .	I do not pretend to know all the details .	pos_neg	6068
HANNITY : But you just said tonight you are .	HANNITY : But you just said tonight you are not .	pos_neg	6069
I had expected it and asked for time to think it over .	I had not expected it and asked for time to think it over .	pos_neg	6070
Parker was available for comment after Miami 's shoot-around .	Parker was not available for comment after Miami 's shoot-around .	pos_neg	6071
Information about the man was released .	Information about the man was not released .	pos_neg	6072
" This is serendipity , " Mr. Hadley told reporters .	" This is not serendipity , " Mr. Hadley told reporters .	pos_neg	6073
" You hold a grudge forever , " said Rentzer .	" You do not hold a grudge forever , " said Rentzer .	pos_neg	6074
Coldness and jealousy are .	Coldness and jealousy are not .	pos_neg	6075
They have threatened to launch mass protests if their demands are met .	They have threatened to launch mass protests if their demands are not met .	pos_neg	6076
We are interested in lengthy talks .	We are not interested in lengthy talks .	pos_neg	6077
Our view is that we know what the personnel changes mean .	Our view is that we do not know what the personnel changes mean .	pos_neg	6078
The Brooklyn Academy is the only institution asking these questions .	The Brooklyn Academy is not the only institution asking these questions .	pos_neg	6079
In Obama 's first successful campaign , he was the candidate .	In Obama 's first successful campaign , he was not the candidate .	pos_neg	6080
" " It has been an issue .	" " It has not been an issue .	pos_neg	6081
Location was a problem last night .	Location was not a problem last night .	pos_neg	6082
They just laughed as hard or as long .	They just did not laugh as hard or as long .	pos_neg	6083
" I wink and nod , " he says .	" I do not wink and nod , " he says .	pos_neg	6084
When the physical therapy worked , doctors suggested surgery .	When the physical therapy did not work , doctors suggested surgery .	pos_neg	6085
Hulley provided details of the charges .	Hulley did not provide details of the charges .	pos_neg	6086
Terms of Rice 's contract were disclosed .	Terms of Rice 's contract were not disclosed .	pos_neg	6087
It was clear which had the winning side .	It was not clear which had the winning side .	pos_neg	6088
They chew bones but chase sticks .	They chew bones but do not chase sticks .	pos_neg	6089
Telephone messages left Friday for officials from both companies were immediately returned .	Telephone messages left Friday for officials from both companies were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6090
He asked my older brother for a contribution .	He did not ask my older brother for a contribution .	pos_neg	6091
He was around to see the celebration Johnson had promised him .	He was not around to see the celebration Johnson had promised him .	pos_neg	6092
We certainly wanted it to get to this point .	We certainly did not want it to get to this point .	pos_neg	6093
Listen , these are drunken as you suppose .	Listen , these are not drunken as you suppose .	pos_neg	6094
" They obviously know the whole story , " she said .	" They obviously do not know the whole story , " she said .	pos_neg	6095
No incentive was offered and the sponsor of the research was revealed .	No incentive was offered and the sponsor of the research was not revealed .	pos_neg	6096
It has worked out that way .	It has not worked out that way .	pos_neg	6097
Meanwhile , Cynthia Nixon attended the get-together .	Meanwhile , Cynthia Nixon did not attend the get-together .	pos_neg	6098
Obama was done .	Obama was not done .	pos_neg	6099
It was about having a manager above me .	It was not about having a manager above me .	pos_neg	6100
That is exactly what happened .	That is not exactly what happened .	pos_neg	6101
I was sure if he was kidding .	I was not sure if he was kidding .	pos_neg	6102
I am the only one .	I am not the only one .	pos_neg	6103
He seemed like the type that would hurt a fly .	He did not seem like the type that would hurt a fly .	pos_neg	6104
Which is something you can say of many novelists .	Which is not something you can say of many novelists .	pos_neg	6105
Danielle wiped them , for fear of disturbing her makeup .	Danielle did not wipe them , for fear of disturbing her makeup .	pos_neg	6106
Apparently that question also registered with most investors .	Apparently that question also did not register with most investors .	pos_neg	6107
, who so far is backing a candidate .	, who so far is not backing a candidate .	pos_neg	6108
Canada $ 169.68 That means shots aren 't being fired .	Canada $ 169.68 That does not mean shots aren 't being fired .	pos_neg	6109
The problem is , we know which half .	The problem is , we do not know which half .	pos_neg	6110
It is Tommy 's fault .	It is not Tommy 's fault .	pos_neg	6111
It is a token opportunity for them .	It is not a token opportunity for them .	pos_neg	6112
A defense attorney , Lisa Contris , was available for comment .	A defense attorney , Lisa Contris , was not available for comment .	pos_neg	6113
I know him as well as I thought .	I do not know him as well as I thought .	pos_neg	6114
But it was all archive work .	But it was not all archive work .	pos_neg	6115
The sisters identified Goudeau in photo lineups after the attack .	The sisters did not identify Goudeau in photo lineups after the attack .	pos_neg	6116
School officials responded to repeated messages left by The Associated Press .	School officials did not respond to repeated messages left by The Associated Press .	pos_neg	6117
Dungy is going to have that luxury come playoff time .	Dungy is not going to have that luxury come playoff time .	pos_neg	6118
That simply advances the ball .	That simply does not advance the ball .	pos_neg	6119
As for the future , she said her husband was particularly ambitious .	As for the future , she said her husband was not particularly ambitious .	pos_neg	6120
He responded to a later phone message .	He did not respond to a later phone message .	pos_neg	6121
In the 1940s and 1950s , though , this was so easy .	In the 1940s and 1950s , though , this was not so easy .	pos_neg	6122
Others said they had followed the case beyond Jeff 's capture .	Others said they had not followed the case beyond Jeff 's capture .	pos_neg	6123
That was Grieg 's strength .	That was not Grieg 's strength .	pos_neg	6124
Scarlett is scared to stand up for herself and speak her mind .	Scarlett is not scared to stand up for herself and speak her mind .	pos_neg	6125
Alternatives for the Poor In New Jersey and Oregon , they were .	Alternatives for the Poor In New Jersey and Oregon , they were not .	pos_neg	6126
He is the stable type .	He is not the stable type .	pos_neg	6127
That reduces the meeting 's significance .	That does not reduce the meeting 's significance .	pos_neg	6128
Israel cannot afford and needs long-range submarine-launched ICBMs anyway .	Israel cannot afford and does not need long-range submarine-launched ICBMs anyway .	pos_neg	6129
MRS. CLINTON : So it is the full privilege .	MRS. CLINTON : So it is not the full privilege .	pos_neg	6130
BKS : Pride went into my head , that is certain .	BKS : Pride did not go into my head , that is certain .	pos_neg	6131
It was clear how far he had traveled along the tracks .	It was not clear how far he had traveled along the tracks .	pos_neg	6132
" " We answer to international law .	" " We do not answer to international law .	pos_neg	6133
There is no ... The victim 's identity was released .	There is no ... The victim 's identity was not released .	pos_neg	6134
Whitmore said Brosnan was arrested or detained .	Whitmore said Brosnan was not arrested or detained .	pos_neg	6135
Just in case you had noticed , Christmas is fast approaching .	Just in case you had not noticed , Christmas is fast approaching .	pos_neg	6136
It comes up with respect to John Edwards .	It does not come up with respect to John Edwards .	pos_neg	6137
It bothers Weinstein that he is a fashion naif .	It does not bother Weinstein that he is a fashion naif .	pos_neg	6138
I am coming here to finish fourth .	I am not coming here to finish fourth .	pos_neg	6139
" That is really my nature , " he said .	" That is not really my nature , " he said .	pos_neg	6140
But Mukasey stops there .	But Mukasey does not stop there .	pos_neg	6141
Producers said writers were willing to compromise on major issues .	Producers said writers were not willing to compromise on major issues .	pos_neg	6142
I mind paying a service fee , but that is outrageous .	I do not mind paying a service fee , but that is outrageous .	pos_neg	6143
Liukin wanted to be part of that experience again .	Liukin did not want to be part of that experience again .	pos_neg	6144
They are believed to carry or transmit diseases .	They are not believed to carry or transmit diseases .	pos_neg	6145
It is like there are many options .	It is not like there are many options .	pos_neg	6146
It quoted experts as saying that that situation is unusual .	It quoted experts as saying that that situation is not unusual .	pos_neg	6147
He was trying to sum him up or define him .	He was not trying to sum him up or define him .	pos_neg	6148
It also was immediately clear what will happen next .	It also was not immediately clear what will happen next .	pos_neg	6149
" " We were notified about it .	" " We were not notified about it .	pos_neg	6150
They are saying it is coming back quickly .	They are saying it is not coming back quickly .	pos_neg	6151
It is one loss after another .	It is not one loss after another .	pos_neg	6152
They argued that they had faced financial obstacles others had .	They argued that they had faced financial obstacles others had not .	pos_neg	6153
He knew where he was .	He did not know where he was .	pos_neg	6154
Maybe age is the issue .	Maybe age is not the issue .	pos_neg	6155
But for now , he says , profits are a priority .	But for now , he says , profits are not a priority .	pos_neg	6156
A message left with Brown 's lawyer was immediately returned .	A message left with Brown 's lawyer was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6157
I know how they could .	I do not know how they could .	pos_neg	6158
U.S.C. : After a baffling loss , rule out the Trojans .	U.S.C. : After a baffling loss , do not rule out the Trojans .	pos_neg	6159
You get a chance to win .	You do not get a chance to win .	pos_neg	6160
Marbury later added that he condones Vick 's actions .	Marbury later added that he does not condone Vick 's actions .	pos_neg	6161
Rodman 's carries the liquor carousel , however .	Rodman 's does not carry the liquor carousel , however .	pos_neg	6162
Frank said that was true .	Frank said that was not true .	pos_neg	6163
And we are going to do it by further burdening middle-class families .	And we are not going to do it by further burdening middle-class families .	pos_neg	6164
I am surprised .	I am not surprised .	pos_neg	6165
We are now dealing with a relatively small number of extreme cases .	We are not now dealing with a relatively small number of extreme cases .	pos_neg	6166
Mr. Wilson and Ms. Crowell have that problem .	Mr. Wilson and Ms. Crowell do not have that problem .	pos_neg	6167
A message left with a spokesman for Penguin was immediately returned .	A message left with a spokesman for Penguin was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6168
He walked a batter and struck out three .	He did not walk a batter and struck out three .	pos_neg	6169
But others are so sure .	But others are not so sure .	pos_neg	6170
Sinsationals was one the clubs affected by the closures .	Sinsationals was not one the clubs affected by the closures .	pos_neg	6171
She has a sure foot to stand on .	She does not have a sure foot to stand on .	pos_neg	6172
is sufficient verification for .	is not sufficient verification for .	pos_neg	6173
But camaraderie is lacking .	But camaraderie is not lacking .	pos_neg	6174
I want to be their senator .	I do not want to be their senator .	pos_neg	6175
Uzbek officials have been available for comment .	Uzbek officials have not been available for comment .	pos_neg	6176
Giuliani mentioned the subject of gay marriage in his remarks .	Giuliani did not mention the subject of gay marriage in his remarks .	pos_neg	6177
That word is in Phillips 's vocabulary .	That word is not in Phillips 's vocabulary .	pos_neg	6178
They are hidebound .	They are not hidebound .	pos_neg	6179
What he is , however , is fresh .	What he is not , however , is fresh .	pos_neg	6180
Put sweet potatoes in the refrigerator , he added .	Do not put sweet potatoes in the refrigerator , he added .	pos_neg	6181
He is known for being fast .	He is not known for being fast .	pos_neg	6182
Men and women differ meaningfully in their average satisfaction .	Men and women do not differ meaningfully in their average satisfaction .	pos_neg	6183
Israel and Syria have fought a war on the Golan since 1973 .	Israel and Syria have not fought a war on the Golan since 1973 .	pos_neg	6184
Watsonians 41 Calls to his home and cell phone were immediately returned .	Watsonians 41 Calls to his home and cell phone were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6185
And that , he needs to say , means the world .	And that , he does not need to say , means the world .	pos_neg	6186
The computers are authorized to prescribe medicine .	The computers are not authorized to prescribe medicine .	pos_neg	6187
I care about his religion .	I do not care about his religion .	pos_neg	6188
Beijing was appeased .	Beijing was not appeased .	pos_neg	6189
Third : You 're crazy to be a little nervous .	Third : You 're not crazy to be a little nervous .	pos_neg	6190
I was trying to dig deeper to find answers .	I was not trying to dig deeper to find answers .	pos_neg	6191
I have seen him .	I have not seen him .	pos_neg	6192
I went through a round where I wasted a shot today .	I went through a round where I did not waste a shot today .	pos_neg	6193
No , this story is a year old .	No , this story is not a year old .	pos_neg	6194
I just know why people make simple things difficult .	I just do not know why people make simple things difficult .	pos_neg	6195
I saw it .	I did not see it .	pos_neg	6196
I am out here just to play .	I am not out here just to play .	pos_neg	6197
Fulmer needs to see the " Win or Else " memo .	Fulmer does not need to see the " Win or Else " memo .	pos_neg	6198
It is a circumference .	It is not a circumference .	pos_neg	6199
He took questions .	He did not take questions .	pos_neg	6200
I mean , it either is or it is .	I mean , it either is or it is not .	pos_neg	6201
Change comes easily to planters .	Change does not come easily to planters .	pos_neg	6202
Adjust your sets .	Do not adjust your sets .	pos_neg	6203
You can tell them we are .	You can tell them we are not .	pos_neg	6204
I wear sunscreen , and I smoke .	I wear sunscreen , and I do not smoke .	pos_neg	6205
An indictment is an accusation and is evidence of guilt .	An indictment is an accusation and is not evidence of guilt .	pos_neg	6206
Osbournes to auction off treasures CNN it is .	Osbournes to auction off treasures CNN it is not .	pos_neg	6207
So for that reason it is likely to win .	So for that reason it is not likely to win .	pos_neg	6208
" " Viewers watch trends .	" " Viewers do not watch trends .	pos_neg	6209
But retro styling alone makes an attractive car .	But retro styling alone does not make an attractive car .	pos_neg	6210
The Red Sox were about to dismiss the Yankees .	The Red Sox were not about to dismiss the Yankees .	pos_neg	6211
" I think the feds want him , " Erck said .	" I do not think the feds want him , " Erck said .	pos_neg	6212
They are on a straight path to maturity .	They are not on a straight path to maturity .	pos_neg	6213
You need to acknowledge that negotiating means being pushy .	You need to acknowledge that negotiating does not mean being pushy .	pos_neg	6214
We take ourselves seriously .	We do not take ourselves seriously .	pos_neg	6215
He was irate .	He was not irate .	pos_neg	6216
The weight is coming off .	The weight is not coming off .	pos_neg	6217
We passed protect in a couple of games last year .	We did not pass protect in a couple of games last year .	pos_neg	6218
First , it was clear that traditional diets were especially lean .	First , it was not clear that traditional diets were especially lean .	pos_neg	6219
Those officials were available yesterday .	Those officials were not available yesterday .	pos_neg	6220
Again , life is fair .	Again , life is not fair .	pos_neg	6221
I know if that would have been enough for another editor .	I do not know if that would have been enough for another editor .	pos_neg	6222
He insisted that he was bothered by those who doubted him .	He insisted that he was not bothered by those who doubted him .	pos_neg	6223
You need the props .	You do not need the props .	pos_neg	6224
I am counting on it .	I am not counting on it .	pos_neg	6225
Calls to her manager and publicist were immediately returned .	Calls to her manager and publicist were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6226
Vetoes are working things out .	Vetoes are not working things out .	pos_neg	6227
For taxpayers , they often are such a sweet deal .	For taxpayers , they often are not such a sweet deal .	pos_neg	6228
That is the case this fall .	That is not the case this fall .	pos_neg	6229
The dead leave this world peaceably .	The dead do not leave this world peaceably .	pos_neg	6230
It was immediately clear what the gunman 's motive was .	It was not immediately clear what the gunman 's motive was .	pos_neg	6231
For information visit www.animal-league.org But that is enough .	For information visit www.animal-league.org But that is not enough .	pos_neg	6232
And Alexander Graham Bell was American .	And Alexander Graham Bell was not American .	pos_neg	6233
I cannot see how my reputation was damaged by it .	I cannot see how my reputation was not damaged by it .	pos_neg	6234
Don 't put anyone down , but tolerate disrespectful behavior .	Don 't put anyone down , but do not tolerate disrespectful behavior .	pos_neg	6235
A telephone call to his home was returned yesterday .	A telephone call to his home was not returned yesterday .	pos_neg	6236
" I am scared of a wave , " the 21-year-old said .	" I am not scared of a wave , " the 21-year-old said .	pos_neg	6237
They understand them .	They do not understand them .	pos_neg	6238
It mattered .	It did not matter .	pos_neg	6239
But look for a full-blown reunion tour or album .	But do not look for a full-blown reunion tour or album .	pos_neg	6240
It was something she took .	It was not something she took .	pos_neg	6241
It is just teenagers .	It is not just teenagers .	pos_neg	6242
Police released their names .	Police did not release their names .	pos_neg	6243
The fact is , we are here to entertain .	The fact is , we are not here to entertain .	pos_neg	6244
Sheriff 's officials released the pilot 's name .	Sheriff 's officials did not release the pilot 's name .	pos_neg	6245
- Derrick Rose took long to adjust to the college game .	- Derrick Rose did not take long to adjust to the college game .	pos_neg	6246
Spontaneity is what it was before .	Spontaneity is not what it was before .	pos_neg	6247
I know if it takes six months .	I do not know if it takes six months .	pos_neg	6248
They are well organised , very professional and have many weaknesses .	They are well organised , very professional and do not have many weaknesses .	pos_neg	6249
But Merck expects large numbers of new claimants to emerge .	But Merck does not expect large numbers of new claimants to emerge .	pos_neg	6250
He has adjusted as powerful American League hitters have adapted to him .	He has not adjusted as powerful American League hitters have adapted to him .	pos_neg	6251
The foray into new media is without its concerns , however .	The foray into new media is not without its concerns , however .	pos_neg	6252
We just played well .	We just did not play well .	pos_neg	6253
This is necessarily because women are failing .	This is not necessarily because women are failing .	pos_neg	6254
They know what to think about where things are going .	They do not know what to think about where things are going .	pos_neg	6255
The problem is confined to the District .	The problem is not confined to the District .	pos_neg	6256
My customers are ready to pay more .	My customers are not ready to pay more .	pos_neg	6257
But I think a lot of people understand .	But I do not think a lot of people understand .	pos_neg	6258
They were comfort freaks .	They were not comfort freaks .	pos_neg	6259
Two have been freed but have been allowed to leave the country .	Two have been freed but have not been allowed to leave the country .	pos_neg	6260
Hilton says she thinks this sideshow undercuts her sincerity a bit .	Hilton says she does not think this sideshow undercuts her sincerity a bit .	pos_neg	6261
It is in Mr. Sarkozy 's nature to remain static or silent .	It is not in Mr. Sarkozy 's nature to remain static or silent .	pos_neg	6262
" They are your everyday eating , " Welling said .	" They are not your everyday eating , " Welling said .	pos_neg	6263
Given recent history , Gazprom 's threat is an idle one .	Given recent history , Gazprom 's threat is not an idle one .	pos_neg	6264
But doctors say those cases are the reason for the surge .	But doctors say those cases are not the reason for the surge .	pos_neg	6265
Other details were immediately available .	Other details were not immediately available .	pos_neg	6266
Other financial details have been disclosed .	Other financial details have not been disclosed .	pos_neg	6267
They are always wrong .	They are not always wrong .	pos_neg	6268
By a mile , American presidents are men of small egos .	By a mile , American presidents are not men of small egos .	pos_neg	6269
I am going to say yes or no at this stage .	I am not going to say yes or no at this stage .	pos_neg	6270
This is a party proposal .	This is not a party proposal .	pos_neg	6271
The cost of postage is the only expense for taxpayers .	The cost of postage is not the only expense for taxpayers .	pos_neg	6272
But my four years there were happy ; pretty bleak in fact .	But my four years there were not happy ; pretty bleak in fact .	pos_neg	6273
She has appeared at an official event since July 14 .	She has not appeared at an official event since July 14 .	pos_neg	6274
I know why my daughter did what she did .	I do not know why my daughter did what she did .	pos_neg	6275
" You 're invincible forever , " she says softly .	" You 're not invincible forever , " she says softly .	pos_neg	6276
Rivera said he was certain where the ball came from .	Rivera said he was not certain where the ball came from .	pos_neg	6277
Mr. Martori returned a call seeking a comment .	Mr. Martori did not return a call seeking a comment .	pos_neg	6278
" My brother was a miner , " he said .	" My brother was not a miner , " he said .	pos_neg	6279
I also noticed two bikers who were in proper gear .	I also noticed two bikers who were not in proper gear .	pos_neg	6280
The program was going in the right direction .	The program was not going in the right direction .	pos_neg	6281
That Is Good For France Which Enjoys A Deeply Rooted Culture .	That Is Not Good For France Which Enjoys A Deeply Rooted Culture .	pos_neg	6282
Don 't do that because it is accurate .	Don 't do that because it is not accurate .	pos_neg	6283
It is the same as football fans .	It is not the same as football fans .	pos_neg	6284
This is how the White House usually hails Thanksgiving .	This is not how the White House usually hails Thanksgiving .	pos_neg	6285
Halloween is a time to give food lessons .	Halloween is not a time to give food lessons .	pos_neg	6286
Although trained in driving , Mr Paul was a chauffeur .	Although trained in driving , Mr Paul was not a chauffeur .	pos_neg	6287
Ms. Nazareth has set a date for her departure .	Ms. Nazareth has not set a date for her departure .	pos_neg	6288
Look , having sex on a plane is an achievement .	Look , having sex on a plane is not an achievement .	pos_neg	6289
It was clear Friday where that effort stood .	It was not clear Friday where that effort stood .	pos_neg	6290
And no new single from Spears is helping .	And no new single from Spears is not helping .	pos_neg	6291
Holding an election means that the law has been suspended .	Holding an election does not mean that the law has been suspended .	pos_neg	6292
Joost is alone .	Joost is not alone .	pos_neg	6293
She said what her son was being treated for .	She did not say what her son was being treated for .	pos_neg	6294
" It was an American convoy , " he said .	" It was not an American convoy , " he said .	pos_neg	6295
And I think that is complete naivety on my part .	And I do not think that is complete naivety on my part .	pos_neg	6296
The company 's creative assignments are part of the review .	The company 's creative assignments are not part of the review .	pos_neg	6297
The other jokes and admits that opponents usually dislike him .	The other does not joke and admits that opponents usually dislike him .	pos_neg	6298
I wear nightgowns like that in the house .	I do not wear nightgowns like that in the house .	pos_neg	6299
They Replied That Good People Are Affected .	They Replied That Good People Are Not Affected .	pos_neg	6300
Most price increases are being used to increase student aid .	Most price increases are not being used to increase student aid .	pos_neg	6301
It is like they are stuck with table scraps .	It is not like they are stuck with table scraps .	pos_neg	6302
Obviously , the mother 's 18th birthday being today helps .	Obviously , the mother 's 18th birthday being today does not help .	pos_neg	6303
But democracy is about majority rule ; it is about minority rights .	But democracy is not about majority rule ; it is about minority rights .	pos_neg	6304
The candidates had been told in advance .	The candidates had not been told in advance .	pos_neg	6305
Details about how the technology works were released .	Details about how the technology works were not released .	pos_neg	6306
She was the first to compare these scorching sulfur baths to Hell .	She was not the first to compare these scorching sulfur baths to Hell .	pos_neg	6307
And here is the catch : This is Robbins 's work .	And here is the catch : This is not Robbins 's work .	pos_neg	6308
Glavine walked a batter and struck out four .	Glavine did not walk a batter and struck out four .	pos_neg	6309
" I had a clue about politics , " he says .	" I did not have a clue about politics , " he says .	pos_neg	6310
She was a witch but a live-in maid .	She was not a witch but a live-in maid .	pos_neg	6311
The rest of the injuries appear as serious .	The rest of the injuries do not appear as serious .	pos_neg	6312
It elaborated .	It did not elaborate .	pos_neg	6313
At the moment , we just know .	At the moment , we just do not know .	pos_neg	6314
I recall Hillary responding directly .	I do not recall Hillary responding directly .	pos_neg	6315
In any case , you are alone .	In any case , you are not alone .	pos_neg	6316
One of the problems is that I am a virgin .	One of the problems is that I am not a virgin .	pos_neg	6317
Finding a buyer 's agent is difficult .	Finding a buyer 's agent is not difficult .	pos_neg	6318
I hit a forehand for two and a half months .	I did not hit a forehand for two and a half months .	pos_neg	6319
And yet I know that is true .	And yet I know that is not true .	pos_neg	6320
But he is of this family .	But he is not of this family .	pos_neg	6321
He elaborated on how the matter had been settled .	He did not elaborate on how the matter had been settled .	pos_neg	6322
Thomas is that guy .	Thomas is not that guy .	pos_neg	6323
Maybe those two boys know , but I have talked to them .	Maybe those two boys know , but I have not talked to them .	pos_neg	6324
Forgive me , but pedestrians were the culprits here .	Forgive me , but pedestrians were not the culprits here .	pos_neg	6325
But expect it .	But do not expect it .	pos_neg	6326
" " I am interested in these elections .	" " I am not interested in these elections .	pos_neg	6327
Adams responded to an e-mail requesting comment .	Adams did not respond to an e-mail requesting comment .	pos_neg	6328
Sarah should be dead but is .	Sarah should be dead but is not .	pos_neg	6329
As I said , I am part of the legislative branch .	As I said , I am not part of the legislative branch .	pos_neg	6330
And it is just for the guys , says Leikind .	And it is not just for the guys , says Leikind .	pos_neg	6331
Ali seemed convinced .	Ali did not seem convinced .	pos_neg	6332
" It was torture or extreme violence , " Day said .	" It was not torture or extreme violence , " Day said .	pos_neg	6333
Both landed safely and their crews were injured .	Both landed safely and their crews were not injured .	pos_neg	6334
They are giving up on acting .	They are not giving up on acting .	pos_neg	6335
Lee responded to questions about the cease-and-desist orders .	Lee did not respond to questions about the cease-and-desist orders .	pos_neg	6336
Details of the meeting were immediately known .	Details of the meeting were not immediately known .	pos_neg	6337
This upset some people who agreed with his characterizations .	This upset some people who did not agree with his characterizations .	pos_neg	6338
He also said that he had been affected by the altitude .	He also said that he had not been affected by the altitude .	pos_neg	6339
It was clear why the truck was going the wrong way .	It was not clear why the truck was going the wrong way .	pos_neg	6340
IMAX screenings , select exhibits and other special events are included .	IMAX screenings , select exhibits and other special events are not included .	pos_neg	6341
Other officials at the laboratory responded to telephone calls .	Other officials at the laboratory did not respond to telephone calls .	pos_neg	6342
Reardon said the company is abandoning its traditional advertising .	Reardon said the company is not abandoning its traditional advertising .	pos_neg	6343
In Iran , we have this phenomenon .	In Iran , we do not have this phenomenon .	pos_neg	6344
But trade barriers are the proper tool to deal with these changes .	But trade barriers are not the proper tool to deal with these changes .	pos_neg	6345
" No , it was a trick , " she insisted .	" No , it was not a trick , " she insisted .	pos_neg	6346
Money was the only thing missing .	Money was not the only thing missing .	pos_neg	6347
Calls to the regulator were answered .	Calls to the regulator were not answered .	pos_neg	6348
But it was like the melancholy departures of the past .	But it was not like the melancholy departures of the past .	pos_neg	6349
He was thrilled to hear the news , but he was magnanimous .	He was not thrilled to hear the news , but he was magnanimous .	pos_neg	6350
But the company has always been so financially fortunate .	But the company has not always been so financially fortunate .	pos_neg	6351
Obviously , they have listened .	Obviously , they have not listened .	pos_neg	6352
Morea is the only Bollywood star partying in London .	Morea is not the only Bollywood star partying in London .	pos_neg	6353
So far , Wal-Mart is saying .	So far , Wal-Mart is not saying .	pos_neg	6354
And the industry has .	And the industry has not .	pos_neg	6355
Vermillion responded to requests for comment .	Vermillion did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	6356
She said she had enough water or Gatorade .	She said she did not have enough water or Gatorade .	pos_neg	6357
- Men get breast cancer .	- Men do not get breast cancer .	pos_neg	6358
He have worried .	He need not have worried .	pos_neg	6359
Paul Lo Duca was ejected last Friday but was suspended .	Paul Lo Duca was ejected last Friday but was not suspended .	pos_neg	6360
One fourth knew Condoleezza Rice is secretary of state .	One fourth did not know Condoleezza Rice is secretary of state .	pos_neg	6361
The cause of death was known .	The cause of death was not known .	pos_neg	6362
Both sides seem far apart and have talked since Nov. 8 .	Both sides seem far apart and have not talked since Nov. 8 .	pos_neg	6363
" I trust those figures , " he said .	" I do not trust those figures , " he said .	pos_neg	6364
o ( R ) , has a vote .	o ( R ) , does not have a vote .	pos_neg	6365
They are having fish fingers and french fries - forget it .	They are not having fish fingers and french fries - forget it .	pos_neg	6366
But they were ready to abandon their current health plans for employees .	But they were not ready to abandon their current health plans for employees .	pos_neg	6367
But her newborn appeared to be healthy to her .	But her newborn did not appear to be healthy to her .	pos_neg	6368
I am shocked .	I am not shocked .	pos_neg	6369
The SSF was immediately available to comment on the report on Tuesday .	The SSF was not immediately available to comment on the report on Tuesday .	pos_neg	6370
I am a guy that walks away or shies away .	I am not a guy that walks away or shies away .	pos_neg	6371
He elaborated on what that might mean .	He did not elaborate on what that might mean .	pos_neg	6372
" Lair " just is worth the effort .	" Lair " just is not worth the effort .	pos_neg	6373
" They are very subtle , " Mr. O 'Hanlon said .	" They are not very subtle , " Mr. O 'Hanlon said .	pos_neg	6374
And forget to factor in the costs of selling the property .	And do not forget to factor in the costs of selling the property .	pos_neg	6375
But stubborn , determined Patrick sees it that way .	But stubborn , determined Patrick does not see it that way .	pos_neg	6376
It was clear who else was in the house at the time .	It was not clear who else was in the house at the time .	pos_neg	6377
It stops there .	It does not stop there .	pos_neg	6378
Having a child stopped Mason .	Having a child did not stop Mason .	pos_neg	6379
They are ready .	They are not ready .	pos_neg	6380
The Paramount was the city 's only ballroom .	The Paramount was not the city 's only ballroom .	pos_neg	6381
He simply was settled .	He simply was not settled .	pos_neg	6382
It is something that is done lightly .	It is not something that is done lightly .	pos_neg	6383
Johnson indicated he was sure people should know what happened .	Johnson indicated he was not sure people should know what happened .	pos_neg	6384
She is a warrior , she is a bully .	She is not a warrior , she is a bully .	pos_neg	6385
The BBC aired that part of the interview .	The BBC did not air that part of the interview .	pos_neg	6386
It was your grandma 's quilting magazine and reaction was mixed .	It was not your grandma 's quilting magazine and reaction was mixed .	pos_neg	6387
Adding a crime-solving vampire to this mix is exactly cataclysmic .	Adding a crime-solving vampire to this mix is not exactly cataclysmic .	pos_neg	6388
I play that way .	I do not play that way .	pos_neg	6389
I am entirely sure .	I am not entirely sure .	pos_neg	6390
She has granted an interview since .	She has not granted an interview since .	pos_neg	6391
It felt like it came off my foot very cleanly .	It did not feel like it came off my foot very cleanly .	pos_neg	6392
The program is without its critics .	The program is not without its critics .	pos_neg	6393
Sandhu responded to repeated requests for comment .	Sandhu did not respond to repeated requests for comment .	pos_neg	6394
When he returned she went to investigate what had happened .	When he did not return she went to investigate what had happened .	pos_neg	6395
The structural integrity of the dam was compromised .	The structural integrity of the dam was not compromised .	pos_neg	6396
However , Lynne was laughing .	However , Lynne was not laughing .	pos_neg	6397
McCormack said the differences in approach were a subject of her conversation .	McCormack said the differences in approach were not a subject of her conversation .	pos_neg	6398
Toys have been China 's only problem products in recent months .	Toys have not been China 's only problem products in recent months .	pos_neg	6399
" I fight over girls , " Combs said .	" I do not fight over girls , " Combs said .	pos_neg	6400
Wahaha was immediately available to comment .	Wahaha was not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	6401
We are only looking at pupil development but also staff development .	We are not only looking at pupil development but also staff development .	pos_neg	6402
The sexual orientation of the individual soldiers was the issue .	The sexual orientation of the individual soldiers was not the issue .	pos_neg	6403
The Jets have said how they are handling Coles this week .	The Jets have not said how they are handling Coles this week .	pos_neg	6404
Meantime , things were going so well in the lobby .	Meantime , things were not going so well in the lobby .	pos_neg	6405
It specified the carriers operating those planes .	It did not specify the carriers operating those planes .	pos_neg	6406
That they have scored with Campbell at quarterback is just rotten luck .	That they have not scored with Campbell at quarterback is just rotten luck .	pos_neg	6407
No , that plays in my house .	No , that does not play in my house .	pos_neg	6408
Details Have Been Disclosed .	Details Have Not Been Disclosed .	pos_neg	6409
Relatives of those killed said the sentences were long enough .	Relatives of those killed said the sentences were not long enough .	pos_neg	6410
Names of the victim and the suspects were released .	Names of the victim and the suspects were not released .	pos_neg	6411
But I think it is taken me that long .	But I do not think it is taken me that long .	pos_neg	6412
" It was appropriate , " Lacey told ABC News .	" It was not appropriate , " Lacey told ABC News .	pos_neg	6413
Ms. Senauke 's frustration is isolated .	Ms. Senauke 's frustration is not isolated .	pos_neg	6414
This time , that happened .	This time , that did not happen .	pos_neg	6415
They want to mess things up .	They do not want to mess things up .	pos_neg	6416
I am the scripted candidate .	I am not the scripted candidate .	pos_neg	6417
They wanted to leave their home .	They did not want to leave their home .	pos_neg	6418
I was ratting him out .	I was not ratting him out .	pos_neg	6419
I have a different accent for different parts of the country .	I do not have a different accent for different parts of the country .	pos_neg	6420
" I realized that there were restrictions , " he said .	" I did not realize that there were restrictions , " he said .	pos_neg	6421
The risks and uncertainties set forth above are exhaustive .	The risks and uncertainties set forth above are not exhaustive .	pos_neg	6422
" " The dollar amount was .	" " The dollar amount was not .	pos_neg	6423
Wilson blames 9 / 11 on the U.S. withdrawal though .	Wilson does not blame 9 / 11 on the U.S. withdrawal though .	pos_neg	6424
Montgomery County Executive Isiah Leggett carries a BlackBerry .	Montgomery County Executive Isiah Leggett does not carry a BlackBerry .	pos_neg	6425
" " Boycott is the answer .	" " Boycott is not the answer .	pos_neg	6426
Clearly he was .	Clearly he was not .	pos_neg	6427
Could be a blow to Scotland 's hopes if he recovers .	Could be a blow to Scotland 's hopes if he does not recover .	pos_neg	6428
It is tempting I am sure , but do it .	It is tempting I am sure , but do not do it .	pos_neg	6429
" These are evidence , " Dixon said of the animations .	" These are not evidence , " Dixon said of the animations .	pos_neg	6430
Arenas spoke to reporters after practice Wednesday .	Arenas did not speak to reporters after practice Wednesday .	pos_neg	6431
" It is in the record , " Wendt said .	" It is not in the record , " Wendt said .	pos_neg	6432
But the tour is just about pizza .	But the tour is not just about pizza .	pos_neg	6433
It was just the managers who had distractions to deal with .	It was not just the managers who had distractions to deal with .	pos_neg	6434
Investors are complaining .	Investors are not complaining .	pos_neg	6435
I think such urgent problems exist .	I do not think such urgent problems exist .	pos_neg	6436
But that is necessarily a bad thing , according to Hirshberg .	But that is not necessarily a bad thing , according to Hirshberg .	pos_neg	6437
The owner was identified in the indictment .	The owner was not identified in the indictment .	pos_neg	6438
" It is my world , " he said .	" It is not my world , " he said .	pos_neg	6439
Housing advocates and officials noted that contentiousness over redevelopment is unusual .	Housing advocates and officials noted that contentiousness over redevelopment is not unusual .	pos_neg	6440
Scolari said he made contact .	Scolari said he did not make contact .	pos_neg	6441
Certainly this is for all audiences .	Certainly this is not for all audiences .	pos_neg	6442
A date for the trial has been set .	A date for the trial has not been set .	pos_neg	6443
If you are going to enforce a penalty its pointless using it .	If you are not going to enforce a penalty its pointless using it .	pos_neg	6444
Argentina is in a condition to relax , we have to win .	Argentina is not in a condition to relax , we have to win .	pos_neg	6445
Either he is ready to go or he is .	Either he is ready to go or he is not .	pos_neg	6446
Those risks were trivial but serious .	Those risks were not trivial but serious .	pos_neg	6447
So far , I have mentioned the films .	So far , I have not mentioned the films .	pos_neg	6448
He said the monitoring device was fulfilling its purpose .	He said the monitoring device was not fulfilling its purpose .	pos_neg	6449
The police were amused .	The police were not amused .	pos_neg	6450
A 35-year-old veteran , Martínez is shy about making suggestions .	A 35-year-old veteran , Martínez is not shy about making suggestions .	pos_neg	6451
We are the first generation to invest reading with miraculous powers .	We are not the first generation to invest reading with miraculous powers .	pos_neg	6452
The current version has a 2-inch screen but plays videos .	The current version has a 2-inch screen but does not play videos .	pos_neg	6453
Reyes was .	Reyes was not .	pos_neg	6454
The Suns posed a serious threat after that .	The Suns did not pose a serious threat after that .	pos_neg	6455
By Joy Jernigan The arrest was entirely a surprise .	By Joy Jernigan The arrest was not entirely a surprise .	pos_neg	6456
Ellen has .	Ellen has not .	pos_neg	6457
I have to vote .	I do not have to vote .	pos_neg	6458
They made the decisions they should have .	They did not make the decisions they should have .	pos_neg	6459
It is a desire that speaks its name .	It is a desire that dares not speak its name .	pos_neg	6460
She mentioned a timetable .	She did not mention a timetable .	pos_neg	6461
She said Scheetz was available .	She said Scheetz was not available .	pos_neg	6462
States have begun to step in where the federal government has acted .	States have begun to step in where the federal government has not acted .	pos_neg	6463
The militants are the only suspects in the bombing on Thursday .	The militants are not the only suspects in the bombing on Thursday .	pos_neg	6464
See this as the end of an era .	Do not see this as the end of an era .	pos_neg	6465
And it is just in London .	And it is not just in London .	pos_neg	6466
That is medically necessary , Gerberding said .	That is not medically necessary , Gerberding said .	pos_neg	6467
He got the contract .	He did not get the contract .	pos_neg	6468
You returned a call or read a manuscript .	You did not return a call or read a manuscript .	pos_neg	6469
He is going to be able to do it .	He is not going to be able to do it .	pos_neg	6470
He returned to the game .	He did not return to the game .	pos_neg	6471
Bobby Lee is that kind of fan .	Bobby Lee is not that kind of fan .	pos_neg	6472
But this was what Mr Miliband said .	But this was not what Mr Miliband said .	pos_neg	6473
This guy is only a star , he is a lot more .	This guy is not only a star , he is a lot more .	pos_neg	6474
But here it means you are entitled to overtime under the law .	But here it means you are not entitled to overtime under the law .	pos_neg	6475
It is just development on the shore .	It is not just development on the shore .	pos_neg	6476
I suppose I recognized him with his police uniform on !	I suppose I did not recognize him with his police uniform on !	pos_neg	6477
Godfrey said he knew the cause of death .	Godfrey said he did not know the cause of death .	pos_neg	6478
Florida 's non-conference schedule is demanding .	Florida 's non-conference schedule is not demanding .	pos_neg	6479
And I am sure I would have chosen Halston for her .	And I am not sure I would have chosen Halston for her .	pos_neg	6480
Fatah said the tactic was legal .	Fatah said the tactic was not legal .	pos_neg	6481
I am in his way .	I am not in his way .	pos_neg	6482
Employees of a new or used automotive dealership are eligible to purchase .	Employees of a new or used automotive dealership are not eligible to purchase .	pos_neg	6483
Five charged after £ 1m burglary But money is the real issue .	Five charged after £ 1m burglary But money is not the real issue .	pos_neg	6484
G.H.W. BUSH : No , I think so .	G.H.W. BUSH : No , I do not think so .	pos_neg	6485
Craig attended the hearing .	Craig did not attend the hearing .	pos_neg	6486
Family members say they believe DeOnt ¿ had a gun .	Family members say they do not believe DeOnt ¿ had a gun .	pos_neg	6487
[ Lohan 's attorney responded to phone calls from NEWSWEEK .	[ Lohan 's attorney did not respond to phone calls from NEWSWEEK .	pos_neg	6488
DK : I know you are going to fight me .	DK : I know you are not going to fight me .	pos_neg	6489
Stricker thought it was a big deal .	Stricker did not think it was a big deal .	pos_neg	6490
But that is what Judge Mukasey said .	But that is not what Judge Mukasey said .	pos_neg	6491
Israel has publicly acknowledged the incursion .	Israel has not publicly acknowledged the incursion .	pos_neg	6492
Yet Candidate Clinton is running as a feminist .	Yet Candidate Clinton is not running as a feminist .	pos_neg	6493
" That is right , " Heiberg said .	" That is not right , " Heiberg said .	pos_neg	6494
Terms of the agreement were released .	Terms of the agreement were not released .	pos_neg	6495
This was your typical dog show .	This was not your typical dog show .	pos_neg	6496
Bulgaria and Romania were included .	Bulgaria and Romania were not included .	pos_neg	6497
Moody 's identified the servicers it surveyed .	Moody 's did not identify the servicers it surveyed .	pos_neg	6498
Gelb 's talking about it .	Gelb 's not talking about it .	pos_neg	6499
She knew how many people actually left their homes .	She did not know how many people actually left their homes .	pos_neg	6500
Dickerson is the only one trying to bring the concept back .	Dickerson is not the only one trying to bring the concept back .	pos_neg	6501
It was immediately clear when or where the 20th suspect was arrested .	It was not immediately clear when or where the 20th suspect was arrested .	pos_neg	6502
Diana generally responded to his concerns , Gibbins said .	Diana generally did not respond to his concerns , Gibbins said .	pos_neg	6503
Yushchenko 's party 's dismal showing in Sunday 's vote is surprising .	Yushchenko 's party 's dismal showing in Sunday 's vote is not surprising .	pos_neg	6504
Michael Guilford , a 19-year-old redshirt freshman , was wearing a helmet .	Michael Guilford , a 19-year-old redshirt freshman , was not wearing a helmet .	pos_neg	6505
It is a full eight hours .	It is not a full eight hours .	pos_neg	6506
As you can imagine Ticketmaster sold out those events .	As you can imagine Ticketmaster did not sell out those events .	pos_neg	6507
" We are crying wolf , " he said .	" We are not crying wolf , " he said .	pos_neg	6508
, examined the possible causes for the varying times .	, did not examine the possible causes for the varying times .	pos_neg	6509
She gives news conferences or talk to the Argentine press .	She does not give news conferences or talk to the Argentine press .	pos_neg	6510
But the Europeans are the only ones pushing the technology .	But the Europeans are not the only ones pushing the technology .	pos_neg	6511
King attended the hearing but wrote pleading guilty .	King did not attend the hearing but wrote pleading guilty .	pos_neg	6512
" I saw him coming , " Ryan said .	" I did not see him coming , " Ryan said .	pos_neg	6513
A company spokesman returned a telephone call seeking additional comment .	A company spokesman did not return a telephone call seeking additional comment .	pos_neg	6514
That means switching quarterbacks midseason always works , though .	That does not mean switching quarterbacks midseason always works , though .	pos_neg	6515
" They were shy , " he said .	" They were not shy , " he said .	pos_neg	6516
It was a situation Peters would have imagined four years ago .	It was not a situation Peters would have imagined four years ago .	pos_neg	6517
Providing people with devices alone is enough , the company has concluded .	Providing people with devices alone is not enough , the company has concluded .	pos_neg	6518
It was often - three times each in 10 plate appearances .	It was not often - three times each in 10 plate appearances .	pos_neg	6519
" " I want to die at this early age .	" " I do not want to die at this early age .	pos_neg	6520
They are entitled , and we are .	They are entitled , and we are not .	pos_neg	6521
Resume of Igor Kolomoisky He fainted .	Resume of Igor Kolomoisky He did not faint .	pos_neg	6522
Coming up with a good name for a new ensemble is easy .	Coming up with a good name for a new ensemble is not easy .	pos_neg	6523
We are trying to induce a particular behavior .	We are not trying to induce a particular behavior .	pos_neg	6524
You yawn to take in extra oxygen .	You do not yawn to take in extra oxygen .	pos_neg	6525
Those people want a democracy in Pakistan .	Those people do not want a democracy in Pakistan .	pos_neg	6526
Boyd is sure how to counter that money issue .	Boyd is not sure how to counter that money issue .	pos_neg	6527
, returned phone calls seeking comment .	, did not return phone calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	6528
And unlike autoworkers , this workforce is familiar with the job-for-life concept .	And unlike autoworkers , this workforce is not familiar with the job-for-life concept .	pos_neg	6529
Besides , a little trouble I mind .	Besides , a little trouble I do not mind .	pos_neg	6530
O.K. , so New York is an internationally celebrated beer capital .	O.K. , so New York is not an internationally celebrated beer capital .	pos_neg	6531
It is a want .	It is not a want .	pos_neg	6532
Also , defrost meat on the counter .	Also , do not defrost meat on the counter .	pos_neg	6533
I think they are probably disappointed when I am .	I think they are probably disappointed when I am not .	pos_neg	6534
" It was luck , " Mr. Breslin replied .	" It was not luck , " Mr. Breslin replied .	pos_neg	6535
Gates estimated how large a presence would be needed .	Gates did not estimate how large a presence would be needed .	pos_neg	6536
I care .	I do not care .	pos_neg	6537
Sharapova has had the kind of year almost all expected of her .	Sharapova has not had the kind of year almost all expected of her .	pos_neg	6538
This animated reality reunion is to be missed !	This animated reality reunion is not to be missed !	pos_neg	6539
Concern over foreign policy is a new thing for Christian conservatives .	Concern over foreign policy is not a new thing for Christian conservatives .	pos_neg	6540
It is known how long protection lasts .	It is not known how long protection lasts .	pos_neg	6541
" " But I am wearing it on my sleeve .	" " But I am not wearing it on my sleeve .	pos_neg	6542
It has instant messaging .	It does not have instant messaging .	pos_neg	6543
We caution you that the foregoing list of important factors is exclusive .	We caution you that the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive .	pos_neg	6544
Moses moved the Dodgers .	Moses did not move the Dodgers .	pos_neg	6545
Uribe gains weight like the rest of us .	Uribe does not gain weight like the rest of us .	pos_neg	6546
But this is really Ms. Bhutto 's story .	But this is not really Ms. Bhutto 's story .	pos_neg	6547
" I like , " says the husband .	" I do not like , " says the husband .	pos_neg	6548
We are sure whether if we want to get married .	We are not sure whether if we want to get married .	pos_neg	6549
Besides , Obama 's the type to do it .	Besides , Obama 's not the type to do it .	pos_neg	6550
It affected production or loading activities .	It did not affect production or loading activities .	pos_neg	6551
It was immediately clear what would happen to the bananas .	It was not immediately clear what would happen to the bananas .	pos_neg	6552
When he was working , he was courting grape growers .	When he was not working , he was courting grape growers .	pos_neg	6553
Yet Congress has sent me a single appropriations bill .	Yet Congress has not sent me a single appropriations bill .	pos_neg	6554
If you already know the answer , it is learning .	If you already know the answer , it is not learning .	pos_neg	6555
I think they do actually .	I do not think they do actually .	pos_neg	6556
( R-Winchester ) , also returned calls .	( R-Winchester ) , also did not return calls .	pos_neg	6557
" It was a familiar term to me , " said Jones .	" It was not a familiar term to me , " said Jones .	pos_neg	6558
Even if it is her fault , let 's blame her anyway .	Even if it is not her fault , let 's blame her anyway .	pos_neg	6559
Johnson appeared grateful for the help .	Johnson did not appear grateful for the help .	pos_neg	6560
I made Ronald Reagan .	I did not make Ronald Reagan .	pos_neg	6561
... and we have a replacement for 50 Cent .	... and we do not have a replacement for 50 Cent .	pos_neg	6562
They see the threat .	They do not see the threat .	pos_neg	6563
What is in doubt is Liverpool 's desire to keep Mascherano .	What is not in doubt is Liverpool 's desire to keep Mascherano .	pos_neg	6564
She returned several calls seeking comment .	She did not return several calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	6565
" I thought , " This is a good start .	" I thought , " This is not a good start .	pos_neg	6566
Or rather it would be if the car was limited to 155mph .	Or rather it would be if the car was not limited to 155mph .	pos_neg	6567
CARE has .	CARE has not .	pos_neg	6568
In Massachusetts tuition at public universities has risen in six years .	In Massachusetts tuition at public universities has not risen in six years .	pos_neg	6569
This is something I am going to let pass .	This is not something I am going to let pass .	pos_neg	6570
But Jahangir has been allowed to leave her home .	But Jahangir has not been allowed to leave her home .	pos_neg	6571
" A 30 percent increased risk is trivial , " Klatsky said .	" A 30 percent increased risk is not trivial , " Klatsky said .	pos_neg	6572
Additional terms were disclosed .	Additional terms were not disclosed .	pos_neg	6573
There is going to be an expansion of the electorate .	There is not going to be an expansion of the electorate .	pos_neg	6574
Later that week , the news was as good .	Later that week , the news was not as good .	pos_neg	6575
That is leadership of the country .	That is not leadership of the country .	pos_neg	6576
But on a day in mid-August , they were .	But on a day in mid-August , they were not .	pos_neg	6577
even though an added health benefit has been demonstrated .	even though an added health benefit has not been demonstrated .	pos_neg	6578
My car 's OK , but I am .	My car 's not OK , but I am .	pos_neg	6579
Police had details on how it got there .	Police did not have details on how it got there .	pos_neg	6580
It is just that steroids are good or bad .	It is not just that steroids are good or bad .	pos_neg	6581
The Associated Press generally identifies victims of sexual assault .	The Associated Press generally does not identify victims of sexual assault .	pos_neg	6582
The names of those aboard have been released .	The names of those aboard have not been released .	pos_neg	6583
Noa , now age 4 , speaks .	Noa , now age 4 , does not speak .	pos_neg	6584
" " I care whether you want to do this .	" " I do not care whether you want to do this .	pos_neg	6585
But some researchers say those cells are useful .	But some researchers say those cells are not useful .	pos_neg	6586
Attempts to find a listing for Kapinos were successful .	Attempts to find a listing for Kapinos were not successful .	pos_neg	6587
You know when a team is struggling and when they are gelling .	You know when a team is struggling and when they are not gelling .	pos_neg	6588
Parts of the story added up , investigators said .	Parts of the story did not add up , investigators said .	pos_neg	6589
Greaser : Bowzer today Small business is encouraged .	Greaser : Bowzer today Small business is not encouraged .	pos_neg	6590
He won , which was probably for the best .	He did not win , which was probably for the best .	pos_neg	6591
But the report was all bad news .	But the report was not all bad news .	pos_neg	6592
It is unusual for athletes to contest positions on Olympic teams .	It is not unusual for athletes to contest positions on Olympic teams .	pos_neg	6593
Our great military was designed for nation building or fighting corruption .	Our great military was not designed for nation building or fighting corruption .	pos_neg	6594
Incredibly that was the end of the scoring .	Incredibly that was not the end of the scoring .	pos_neg	6595
It is , as many New Yorkers think , random .	It is not , as many New Yorkers think , random .	pos_neg	6596
Calls to family members were immediately returned .	Calls to family members were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6597
Programs like ours have that .	Programs like ours do not have that .	pos_neg	6598
Underestimate our teachers .	Do not underestimate our teachers .	pos_neg	6599
David , Lytham , UK The horse was injured , officials said .	David , Lytham , UK The horse was not injured , officials said .	pos_neg	6600
A lot of girls minded .	A lot of girls did not mind .	pos_neg	6601
They are for everyone .	They are not for everyone .	pos_neg	6602
But you cannot even tell that she speaks Spanish fluently .	But you cannot even tell that she does not speak Spanish fluently .	pos_neg	6603
It just seems right .	It just does not seem right .	pos_neg	6604
Hunter was offered a seat .	Hunter was not offered a seat .	pos_neg	6605
We have to say the system works , it is broken .	We have to say the system does not work , it is broken .	pos_neg	6606
It seems easier for many people to pretend it is happening .	It seems easier for many people to pretend it is not happening .	pos_neg	6607
" That is the real image of Pakistan , " she said .	" That is not the real image of Pakistan , " she said .	pos_neg	6608
Analysts said the news was enough to shift negative dollar sentiment .	Analysts said the news was not enough to shift negative dollar sentiment .	pos_neg	6609
That is the same as two or three weeks of being symptomatic .	That is not the same as two or three weeks of being symptomatic .	pos_neg	6610
Then again , poverty is at the root of all adoptions .	Then again , poverty is not at the root of all adoptions .	pos_neg	6611
It is easy to find a quality backup that fits your system .	It is not easy to find a quality backup that fits your system .	pos_neg	6612
Chicago was finished .	Chicago was not finished .	pos_neg	6613
It cares about categories .	It does not care about categories .	pos_neg	6614
VINCE McMAHON : I know what you say .	VINCE McMAHON : I do not know what you say .	pos_neg	6615
But passing this quiz means that .	But passing this quiz does not mean that .	pos_neg	6616
As we all know , peace exists in a void .	As we all know , peace does not exist in a void .	pos_neg	6617
That is getting the Tigers anywhere .	That is not getting the Tigers anywhere .	pos_neg	6618
A plug from Oprah Winfrey hurt .	A plug from Oprah Winfrey did not hurt .	pos_neg	6619
The British are about to walk out .	The British are not about to walk out .	pos_neg	6620
A spokesman for Red Light was available for comment .	A spokesman for Red Light was not available for comment .	pos_neg	6621
But it starts right up again .	But it does not start right up again .	pos_neg	6622
We lost the game because of that play .	We did not lose the game because of that play .	pos_neg	6623
It is part of me .	It is not part of me .	pos_neg	6624
That is a moral stand .	That is not a moral stand .	pos_neg	6625
id = 1844872007 That was an issue in the first round .	id = 1844872007 That was not an issue in the first round .	pos_neg	6626
You cannot play rugby every third day.so 15s are an option .	You cannot play rugby every third day.so 15s are not an option .	pos_neg	6627
This is the first time .	This is not the first time .	pos_neg	6628
I asked for it , I protest .	I did not ask for it , I protest .	pos_neg	6629
He entered a plea .	He did not enter a plea .	pos_neg	6630
Terms of the transaction were disclosed .	Terms of the transaction were not disclosed .	pos_neg	6631
After his third bypass , he is supposed to lift 15 pounds .	After his third bypass , he is not supposed to lift 15 pounds .	pos_neg	6632
German officials have said what they were doing in Iraq .	German officials have not said what they were doing in Iraq .	pos_neg	6633
However , he insists he crusades against homosexuality .	However , he insists he does not crusade against homosexuality .	pos_neg	6634
We are going to knock them out ; worry .	We are going to knock them out ; do not worry .	pos_neg	6635
I almost had made it this far .	I almost had not made it this far .	pos_neg	6636
But the truth is , I am sure .	But the truth is , I am not sure .	pos_neg	6637
Yet one size fits all .	Yet one size does not fit all .	pos_neg	6638
The extent of his injuries have been revealed .	The extent of his injuries have not been revealed .	pos_neg	6639
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - So he was elected president .	LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - So he was not elected president .	pos_neg	6640
Just because you beat somebody today means you beat them tomorrow .	Just because you beat somebody today does not mean you beat them tomorrow .	pos_neg	6641
I knew why , but I had to talk to him .	I did not know why , but I had to talk to him .	pos_neg	6642
A replacement production has been announced .	A replacement production has not been announced .	pos_neg	6643
His office said what drug or drugs were injected .	His office did not say what drug or drugs were injected .	pos_neg	6644
You matter .	You do not matter .	pos_neg	6645
That is the way diplomacy works .	That is not the way diplomacy works .	pos_neg	6646
That figures to change after what happened over the weekend .	That does not figure to change after what happened over the weekend .	pos_neg	6647
" These are oils for your salad , " Mr. Gegenbauer says .	" These are not oils for your salad , " Mr. Gegenbauer says .	pos_neg	6648
They keep you in hospital long enough .	They do not keep you in hospital long enough .	pos_neg	6649
It is vivid , but it is explicit .	It is vivid , but it is not explicit .	pos_neg	6650
On the walls I prefer plaster , which is affected by moisture .	On the walls I prefer plaster , which is not affected by moisture .	pos_neg	6651
However , she insisted health authorities were forbidden from using the cash .	However , she insisted health authorities were not forbidden from using the cash .	pos_neg	6652
The newfound twin now shows that it is .	The newfound twin now shows that it is not .	pos_neg	6653
But a passenger said she saw Gotbaum drink alcohol .	But a passenger said she did not see Gotbaum drink alcohol .	pos_neg	6654
We are victorious .	We are not victorious .	pos_neg	6655
I tell you , these men mess around .	I tell you , these men do not mess around .	pos_neg	6656
But it smells like chemicals .	But it does not smell like chemicals .	pos_neg	6657
Economic news has been encouraging .	Economic news has not been encouraging .	pos_neg	6658
Messages left for Gittins on Saturday evening were immediately returned .	Messages left for Gittins on Saturday evening were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6659
She said she wanted to discuss classified matters .	She said she did not want to discuss classified matters .	pos_neg	6660
However , these days , we know who these people are .	However , these days , we do not know who these people are .	pos_neg	6661
Lawyers for Mr. Federline and Ms. Spears returned calls .	Lawyers for Mr. Federline and Ms. Spears did not return calls .	pos_neg	6662
It looks that way .	It does not look that way .	pos_neg	6663
It was immediately clear what was the target of the attack .	It was not immediately clear what was the target of the attack .	pos_neg	6664
" " It is that kind of place .	" " It is not that kind of place .	pos_neg	6665
" I know about this guy , " Rubin says diplomatically .	" I do not know about this guy , " Rubin says diplomatically .	pos_neg	6666
That augurs well for a country aiming for high-tech status .	That does not augur well for a country aiming for high-tech status .	pos_neg	6667
She has sued Adams but says she may in the future .	She has not sued Adams but says she may in the future .	pos_neg	6668
But he was the only one whose popularity was in the doldrums .	But he was not the only one whose popularity was in the doldrums .	pos_neg	6669
Defensive end Kenyon Coleman was surprised by the outcome .	Defensive end Kenyon Coleman was not surprised by the outcome .	pos_neg	6670
It is just a U.S. issue .	It is not just a U.S. issue .	pos_neg	6671
Police were immediately available for comment .	Police were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	6672
The mortician sweated hearing gunfire .	The mortician did not sweat hearing gunfire .	pos_neg	6673
Bush said the legislation put the neediest children first .	Bush said the legislation did not put the neediest children first .	pos_neg	6674
, said they had received notification Thursday morning .	, said they had not received notification Thursday morning .	pos_neg	6675
However , senior managers said that they believed repairs were necessary .	However , senior managers said that they did not believe repairs were necessary .	pos_neg	6676
It comes from outside of ourselves - it comes from within .	It does not come from outside of ourselves - it comes from within .	pos_neg	6677
He said it was something we mention .	He said it was something we do not mention .	pos_neg	6678
Even that tells the whole story .	Even that does not tell the whole story .	pos_neg	6679
Fan 's troubles were over .	Fan 's troubles were not over .	pos_neg	6680
The EU is and never will be a superpower .	The EU is not and never will be a superpower .	pos_neg	6681
We are going to essentially roll back the welcome mat .	We are not going to essentially roll back the welcome mat .	pos_neg	6682
Most households probably see things that way .	Most households probably do not see things that way .	pos_neg	6683
But President Bush is the GOP 's only problem .	But President Bush is not the GOP 's only problem .	pos_neg	6684
Package includes air or hotel and official dates are Oct. 11th-14th .	Package does not include air or hotel and official dates are Oct. 11th-14th .	pos_neg	6685
They need me to tell them how important this game is .	They do not need me to tell them how important this game is .	pos_neg	6686
But kids ' stuff they are .	But kids ' stuff they are not .	pos_neg	6687
And I think it is just that I am saying it .	And I think it is not just that I am saying it .	pos_neg	6688
We are finished .	We are not finished .	pos_neg	6689
Cochran said the man had left his home since 2003 .	Cochran said the man had not left his home since 2003 .	pos_neg	6690
But he says that this baby was cheap to grow .	But he says that this baby was not cheap to grow .	pos_neg	6691
He is considered an honest person in Pakistani society .	He is not considered an honest person in Pakistani society .	pos_neg	6692
The company 's naked-soul acting is without dividends .	The company 's naked-soul acting is not without dividends .	pos_neg	6693
Spence 's stunned shock was misplaced .	Spence 's stunned shock was not misplaced .	pos_neg	6694
But his efforts to revive his reputation carried him far enough .	But his efforts to revive his reputation did not carry him far enough .	pos_neg	6695
They sent us here just to get re- elected .	They did not send us here just to get re- elected .	pos_neg	6696
Police have addressed whether the victims had teased the tiger .	Police have not addressed whether the victims had teased the tiger .	pos_neg	6697
But extra room for music is the new Nano 's real appeal .	But extra room for music is not the new Nano 's real appeal .	pos_neg	6698
Brofman sells loans or make commission .	Brofman does not sell loans or make commission .	pos_neg	6699
Representatives from Anheuser-Busch were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Anheuser-Busch were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	6700
The robot is in danger because it lies outside the impact zone .	The robot is not in danger because it lies outside the impact zone .	pos_neg	6701
ERROL MORRIS : I am sure I understand .	ERROL MORRIS : I am not sure I understand .	pos_neg	6702
' " This is an issue of restricting rights .	' " This is not an issue of restricting rights .	pos_neg	6703
And Warner Home Video has skimped on the extras .	And Warner Home Video has not skimped on the extras .	pos_neg	6704
They leave it to our discretion , which is a smart thing .	They leave it to our discretion , which is not a smart thing .	pos_neg	6705
Hirano was alone .	Hirano was not alone .	pos_neg	6706
Al-Jazeera said how it obtained the tape .	Al-Jazeera did not say how it obtained the tape .	pos_neg	6707
There is just one problem - Iraq follows the book .	There is just one problem - Iraq does not follow the book .	pos_neg	6708
So I am surprised .	So I am not surprised .	pos_neg	6709
The study included enrollment statistics .	The study did not include enrollment statistics .	pos_neg	6710
Wright-Phillips is the only link between City and Chelsea .	Wright-Phillips is not the only link between City and Chelsea .	pos_neg	6711
In fact , they are .	In fact , they are not .	pos_neg	6712
It appeared from that conversation that Chinese officials had seen earlier broadcasts .	It appeared from that conversation that Chinese officials had not seen earlier broadcasts .	pos_neg	6713
" He is a bad man , " she said .	" He is not a bad man , " she said .	pos_neg	6714
I knew if I was coming back .	I did not know if I was coming back .	pos_neg	6715
You just do this .	You just do not do this .	pos_neg	6716
He is sure if he will run the marathon next year .	He is not sure if he will run the marathon next year .	pos_neg	6717
This is a movie .	This is not a movie .	pos_neg	6718
But think for a moment they are going to get complacent .	But do not think for a moment they are going to get complacent .	pos_neg	6719
The appeal is hard to see .	The appeal is not hard to see .	pos_neg	6720
We get that overall picture .	We do not get that overall picture .	pos_neg	6721
But the Great Lakes Basin certainly is alone .	But the Great Lakes Basin certainly is not alone .	pos_neg	6722
Faro is easy to reach .	Faro is not easy to reach .	pos_neg	6723
A cell phone contact number for Martijn was working Friday .	A cell phone contact number for Martijn was not working Friday .	pos_neg	6724
Loeb is the first author drawn to mountaintop removal .	Loeb is not the first author drawn to mountaintop removal .	pos_neg	6725
They reach the bottom of her leg .	They do not reach the bottom of her leg .	pos_neg	6726
And the location helps .	And the location does not help .	pos_neg	6727
John Smith is real .	John Smith is not real .	pos_neg	6728
Or maybe it was laziness .	Or maybe it was not laziness .	pos_neg	6729
He announced a date for his departure from office .	He did not announce a date for his departure from office .	pos_neg	6730
Martin seems concerned that the attention will hurt his inexperienced team .	Martin does not seemed concerned that the attention will hurt his inexperienced team .	pos_neg	6731
Yet Naipaul is entirely blameless when it comes to literary homicide .	Yet Naipaul is not entirely blameless when it comes to literary homicide .	pos_neg	6732
This I knew before and my mind has changed .	This I knew before and my mind has not changed .	pos_neg	6733
The streets were always so crowded with cyclists .	The streets were not always so crowded with cyclists .	pos_neg	6734
He foresees that happening this season .	He does not foresee that happening this season .	pos_neg	6735
This was the first time publishers had had their fingers burnt .	This was not the first time publishers had had their fingers burnt .	pos_neg	6736
I want to be on my own .	I do not want to be on my own .	pos_neg	6737
But his portraits have all been focused on academics .	But his portraits have not all been focused on academics .	pos_neg	6738
They know how lucky they are .	They do not know how lucky they are .	pos_neg	6739
Slights like those , however , make for good comedy .	Slights like those , however , do not make for good comedy .	pos_neg	6740
That is what I meant .	That is not what I meant .	pos_neg	6741
He has a signature style .	He does not have a signature style .	pos_neg	6742
They are looking for the perfect candidate but just have it .	They are looking for the perfect candidate but just do not have it .	pos_neg	6743
He was the only skeptic .	He was not the only skeptic .	pos_neg	6744
But his parents and older sister survived .	But his parents and older sister did not survive .	pos_neg	6745
The reception is great while travelling at speed .	The reception is not great while travelling at speed .	pos_neg	6746
Maybe the situation is as hopeless as it looks .	Maybe the situation is not as hopeless as it looks .	pos_neg	6747
This is a question .	This is not a question .	pos_neg	6748
It was clear if the events were related .	It was not clear if the events were related .	pos_neg	6749
She is very shy because she is used to having strangers around .	She is very shy because she is not used to having strangers around .	pos_neg	6750
I need the money .	I do not need the money .	pos_neg	6751
We are asking for speculation or rumors .	We are not asking for speculation or rumors .	pos_neg	6752
Monday , but it was clear what help the psychologist offered .	Monday , but it was not clear what help the psychologist offered .	pos_neg	6753
The coalition said it knew what caused the truck to explode .	The coalition said it did not know what caused the truck to explode .	pos_neg	6754
Ms. Akalaitis probed into his approach to the role .	Ms. Akalaitis did not probe into his approach to the role .	pos_neg	6755
But everything was fine .	But everything was not fine .	pos_neg	6756
It is , for several important reasons .	It is not , for several important reasons .	pos_neg	6757
It is amusing .	It is not amusing .	pos_neg	6758
Bell seems overly concerned .	Bell does not seem overly concerned .	pos_neg	6759
Breakfast is included .	Breakfast is not included .	pos_neg	6760
* Tires are insulators .	* Tires are not insulators .	pos_neg	6761
It is just America 's problem it is global .	It is not just America 's problem it is global .	pos_neg	6762
" " They are running away .	" " They are not running away .	pos_neg	6763
They ducked .	They did not duck .	pos_neg	6764
You expect it to land on your credit report .	You do not expect it to land on your credit report .	pos_neg	6765
He is holding his breath .	He is not holding his breath .	pos_neg	6766
It also tolerates running in close quarters with other cars .	It also does not tolerate running in close quarters with other cars .	pos_neg	6767
" It is just a Scottish problem , " she insisted .	" It is not just a Scottish problem , " she insisted .	pos_neg	6768
Asset prices , though , are included .	Asset prices , though , are not included .	pos_neg	6769
And having a paper ballot guarantees security .	And having a paper ballot does not guarantee security .	pos_neg	6770
It disclosed the soldier 's nationality .	It did not disclose the soldier 's nationality .	pos_neg	6771
But that sits well with some .	But that does not sit well with some .	pos_neg	6772
" And you want them to , " says Harkness .	" And you do not want them to , " says Harkness .	pos_neg	6773
It was very controversial , funny or interesting .	It was not very controversial , funny or interesting .	pos_neg	6774
It is all fun and games .	It is not all fun and games .	pos_neg	6775
I know what 's wrong with me !	I do not know what 's wrong with me !	pos_neg	6776
Jurors determined that Jordan was and cleared him of three separate charges .	Jurors determined that Jordan was not and cleared him of three separate charges .	pos_neg	6777
For all their preparations , the plot succeeded .	For all their preparations , the plot did not succeed .	pos_neg	6778
It is the only part of my life .	It is not the only part of my life .	pos_neg	6779
Escrow is an absolute requirement .	Escrow is not an absolute requirement .	pos_neg	6780
Black said she had " enough thanks " for the rescuers .	Black said she did not have " enough thanks " for the rescuers .	pos_neg	6781
I am coming to your school .	I am not coming to your school .	pos_neg	6782
Strikes are conducive to a festive mood .	Strikes are not conducive to a festive mood .	pos_neg	6783
It is a secret that it means about a year .	It is not a secret that it means about a year .	pos_neg	6784
I believe the Iranians intend to attack us with nuclear weapons .	I do not believe the Iranians intend to attack us with nuclear weapons .	pos_neg	6785
And so far most Christian conservative leaders like what they see .	And so far most Christian conservative leaders do not like what they see .	pos_neg	6786
Whoops , you are .	Whoops , you are not .	pos_neg	6787
" I knew which way was which , " she said .	" I did not know which way was which , " she said .	pos_neg	6788
Schaub played in last Sunday 's victory against the Raiders .	Schaub did not play in last Sunday 's victory against the Raiders .	pos_neg	6789
Also , two of the flights were authorized .	Also , two of the flights were not authorized .	pos_neg	6790
Pay-for-play scandals have been a high priority for the FCC .	Pay-for-play scandals have not been a high priority for the FCC .	pos_neg	6791
Average teams beat the Pats anywhere anytime .	Average teams do not beat the Pats anywhere anytime .	pos_neg	6792
China is averse .	China is not averse .	pos_neg	6793
Air and water are concerns , said Cox .	Air and water are not concerns , said Cox .	pos_neg	6794
Last night , authorities said they had the motorized bike .	Last night , authorities said they did not have the motorized bike .	pos_neg	6795
Neighbouring Sudan is only dealing with the crisis in Darfur .	Neighbouring Sudan is not only dealing with the crisis in Darfur .	pos_neg	6796
" This is one of those , " Childress said .	" This is not one of those , " Childress said .	pos_neg	6797
But basically , Smith just understands .	But basically , Smith just does not understand .	pos_neg	6798
Tomlin has outthought himself .	Tomlin has not outthought himself .	pos_neg	6799
The idea used here is new .	The idea used here is not new .	pos_neg	6800
" This is a show about stars , " Loeb explained .	" This is not a show about stars , " Loeb explained .	pos_neg	6801
If you start missing your monthly mortgage payments , ignore this .	If you start missing your monthly mortgage payments , do not ignore this .	pos_neg	6802
But expect to be serenaded .	But do not expect to be serenaded .	pos_neg	6803
Rumor has it the play was very good .	Rumor has it the play was not very good .	pos_neg	6804
QUESTION : But this declaration speaks to that , Mr. President .	QUESTION : But this declaration does not speak to that , Mr. President .	pos_neg	6805
They had TVs , or iPods or newspapers .	They did not have TVs , or iPods or newspapers .	pos_neg	6806
But this was necessarily a bad thing , Dr. Barcan said .	But this was not necessarily a bad thing , Dr. Barcan said .	pos_neg	6807
There is a farm in sight .	There is not a farm in sight .	pos_neg	6808
It was immediately clear whether Chambers had an attorney .	It was not immediately clear whether Chambers had an attorney .	pos_neg	6809
Clay drew his weapon , police said .	Clay did not draw his weapon , police said .	pos_neg	6810
It is a pretty picture , folks .	It is not a pretty picture , folks .	pos_neg	6811
I am a great golfer .	I am not a great golfer .	pos_neg	6812
I have got this sort of money .	I have not got this sort of money .	pos_neg	6813
PELOSI : Well , it is about pressure .	PELOSI : Well , it is not about pressure .	pos_neg	6814
" We really rebound from that , " Hall said Friday .	" We really did not rebound from that , " Hall said Friday .	pos_neg	6815
NASA wants him bumping the wing or touching its sunlight-collecting blankets .	NASA does not want him bumping the wing or touching its sunlight-collecting blankets .	pos_neg	6816
Obviously the NFL is going to stop for a fire .	Obviously the NFL is not going to stop for a fire .	pos_neg	6817
He acknowledged that the signs were good .	He acknowledged that the signs were not good .	pos_neg	6818
However , the relationship between height and psychosocial well-being is well understood .	However , the relationship between height and psychosocial well-being is not well understood .	pos_neg	6819
Kenyan police , he insists , engage in crime .	Kenyan police , he insists , do not engage in crime .	pos_neg	6820
It just was in the cards .	It just was not in the cards .	pos_neg	6821
It was the first time that Lantos had offended European political circles .	It was not the first time that Lantos had offended European political circles .	pos_neg	6822
Ross Lovegrove : The world we live in is purely visual .	Ross Lovegrove : The world we live in is not purely visual .	pos_neg	6823
It was always this high tech .	It was not always this high tech .	pos_neg	6824
That is his game .	That is not his game .	pos_neg	6825
But he needed to hear Gaylord 's sales pitch .	But he did not need to hear Gaylord 's sales pitch .	pos_neg	6826
Without the landscape component , a truly sustainable lifestyle is possible .	Without the landscape component , a truly sustainable lifestyle is not possible .	pos_neg	6827
It was immediately known how many militants managed to escape .	It was not immediately known how many militants managed to escape .	pos_neg	6828
" Gambling is a normal leisure activity , " the organisation said .	" Gambling is not a normal leisure activity , " the organisation said .	pos_neg	6829
Kajahda and Demeek wish their parents had to make such decisions .	Kajahda and Demeek wish their parents did not have to make such decisions .	pos_neg	6830
I want to let Him down .	I do not want to let Him down .	pos_neg	6831
I just was seeing the results in the tournaments .	I just was not seeing the results in the tournaments .	pos_neg	6832
He wanted to go .	He did not want to go .	pos_neg	6833
Ethiopian officials were immediately available for confirmation .	Ethiopian officials were not immediately available for confirmation .	pos_neg	6834
But she certainly was sedentary here .	But she certainly was not sedentary here .	pos_neg	6835
But he has sometimes acknowledged the Iraq vote was a simple issue .	But he has sometimes acknowledged the Iraq vote was not a simple issue .	pos_neg	6836
It was an effective decision .	It was not an effective decision .	pos_neg	6837
Mr Harris said he knew why he had been targeted .	Mr Harris said he did not know why he had been targeted .	pos_neg	6838
The audience realizes there is a message hidden there .	The audience does not realize there is a message hidden there .	pos_neg	6839
I realized it was spreading like wildfire .	I did not realize it was spreading like wildfire .	pos_neg	6840
But this impressed the former Black Sabbath singer .	But this did not impress the former Black Sabbath singer .	pos_neg	6841
Syrian officials have ruled out the possibility of another Israeli raid .	Syrian officials have not ruled out the possibility of another Israeli raid .	pos_neg	6842
Smith revealed if he and Briggs talked .	Smith did not reveal if he and Briggs talked .	pos_neg	6843
I understood .	I did not understand .	pos_neg	6844
The student 's name was released due to security concerns .	The student 's name was not released due to security concerns .	pos_neg	6845
There is the same fear factor often attributed to human ghost encounters .	There is not the same fear factor often attributed to human ghost encounters .	pos_neg	6846
Others are so sure .	Others are not so sure .	pos_neg	6847
I am going to be the coach at Michigan .	I am not going to be the coach at Michigan .	pos_neg	6848
It was illegal .	It was not illegal .	pos_neg	6849
The voicemail function also works .	The voicemail function also does not work .	pos_neg	6850
But this is a stretch .	But this is not a stretch .	pos_neg	6851
So history repeats itself .	So history does not repeat itself .	pos_neg	6852
The " skeptics " are skeptics .	The " skeptics " are not skeptics .	pos_neg	6853
" I am going to comment on that , " said Perino .	" I am not going to comment on that , " said Perino .	pos_neg	6854
Audience response matched Gruber 's enthusiastic performance .	Audience response did not match Gruber 's enthusiastic performance .	pos_neg	6855
Of course , AL dominance has shown in World Series titles .	Of course , AL dominance has not shown in World Series titles .	pos_neg	6856
The victim 's name has been released .	The victim 's name has not been released .	pos_neg	6857
And the resulting evil has to be criminal .	And the resulting evil does not have to be criminal .	pos_neg	6858
L.A.-area cops say McClellan is under investigation .	L.A.-area cops say McClellan is not under investigation .	pos_neg	6859
But in the whirlwind NL , it was the only remarkable story .	But in the whirlwind NL , it was not the only remarkable story .	pos_neg	6860
The SAM system is perfect .	The SAM system is not perfect .	pos_neg	6861
We have to be ashamed of it .	We do not have to be ashamed of it .	pos_neg	6862
" I am daring to call it art , " she said .	" I am not daring to call it art , " she said .	pos_neg	6863
You cannot say the author spent long stretches in the library .	You cannot say the author did not spend long stretches in the library .	pos_neg	6864
" Newt is running , " spokesman Rick Tyler said .	" Newt is not running , " spokesman Rick Tyler said .	pos_neg	6865
This is responsible government .	This is not responsible government .	pos_neg	6866
As far as I was concerned , the little things mattered .	As far as I was concerned , the little things did not matter .	pos_neg	6867
Walters spoke at the hearing .	Walters did not speak at the hearing .	pos_neg	6868
They just know what contemporary music they like and like .	They just know what contemporary music they like and do not like .	pos_neg	6869
Small employers often have the time or money for wellness programs .	Small employers often do not have the time or money for wellness programs .	pos_neg	6870
I recall them .	I do not recall them .	pos_neg	6871
The embassy elaborated .	The embassy did not elaborate .	pos_neg	6872
I am trying to go out and make the Ryder Cup team .	I am not trying to go out and make the Ryder Cup team .	pos_neg	6873
For two months , though , reality matched expectations .	For two months , though , reality did not match expectations .	pos_neg	6874
Saslow was linked to the study .	Saslow was not linked to the study .	pos_neg	6875
You have to be Marion Barry , you are Christopher Barry .	You do not have to be Marion Barry , you are Christopher Barry .	pos_neg	6876
Thomas has indicated whether Marbury would rejoin the starting lineup Friday night .	Thomas has not indicated whether Marbury would rejoin the starting lineup Friday night .	pos_neg	6877
" " It is their fault .	" " It is not their fault .	pos_neg	6878
Financial terms of those deals have been disclosed .	Financial terms of those deals have not been disclosed .	pos_neg	6879
He is skeptical ; most such claims are verifiable .	He is skeptical ; most such claims are not verifiable .	pos_neg	6880
Mr. Craig said he intended to appear at the court hearing .	Mr. Craig said he did not intend to appear at the court hearing .	pos_neg	6881
Mr. Ruben is leaving the environmental world entirely .	Mr. Ruben is not leaving the environmental world entirely .	pos_neg	6882
But I feel like that .	But I do not feel like that .	pos_neg	6883
They need " Nanny Diaries " luxuries .	They do not need " Nanny Diaries " luxuries .	pos_neg	6884
Zuckerberg told reporters he was worried users would consider Facebook too commercial .	Zuckerberg told reporters he was not worried users would consider Facebook too commercial .	pos_neg	6885
Metro officials said they know what caused the insulators to smolder .	Metro officials said they do not know what caused the insulators to smolder .	pos_neg	6886
" " We take every missing person report on adults .	" " We do not take every missing person report on adults .	pos_neg	6887
Just failing , I knew how to deal with it .	Just failing , I did not know how to deal with it .	pos_neg	6888
Most accept credit cards , for example .	Most do not accept credit cards , for example .	pos_neg	6889
For most others the question is so theoretical .	For most others the question is not so theoretical .	pos_neg	6890
The cabin existed .	The cabin did not exist .	pos_neg	6891
" I know , " she said .	" I do not know , " she said .	pos_neg	6892
We are going to do that .	We are not going to do that .	pos_neg	6893
Evolution is , however , always elevating .	Evolution is not , however , always elevating .	pos_neg	6894
So I am going to get in the middle of that one .	So I am not going to get in the middle of that one .	pos_neg	6895
It is an illusion - it is there , it is real .	It is not an illusion - it is there , it is real .	pos_neg	6896
But the museum has looked quite the same since her arrival .	But the museum has not looked quite the same since her arrival .	pos_neg	6897
Even though I have lost some weight , I am thin .	Even though I have lost some weight , I am not thin .	pos_neg	6898
But my day job gives me enough to do so .	But my day job does not give me enough to do so .	pos_neg	6899
We are talking a top five cornerback .	We are not talking a top five cornerback .	pos_neg	6900
Businesses like Chowdhury 's hinge on the fact that it is .	Businesses like Chowdhury 's hinge on the fact that it is not .	pos_neg	6901
I love bikes , but in Tel Aviv , bikes are cool .	I love bikes , but in Tel Aviv , bikes are not cool .	pos_neg	6902
Coach Tom Coughlin has said what he will do .	Coach Tom Coughlin has not said what he will do .	pos_neg	6903
Maybe my teeth were straight enough .	Maybe my teeth were not straight enough .	pos_neg	6904
A call to EMI was immediately returned .	A call to EMI was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6905
I want to peak in 2007 for a 2010 race .	I do not want to peak in 2007 for a 2010 race .	pos_neg	6906
But it has all been relentless prosperity .	But it has not all been relentless prosperity .	pos_neg	6907
Tyson was available for immediate comment on the report .	Tyson was not available for immediate comment on the report .	pos_neg	6908
, but the story feels topical .	, but the story does not feel topical .	pos_neg	6909
I know how truly prepared we were before we played them .	I do not know how truly prepared we were before we played them .	pos_neg	6910
ESAs are indicated for this population .	ESAs are not indicated for this population .	pos_neg	6911
And it is just in Britain that the referendum calls are growing .	And it is not just in Britain that the referendum calls are growing .	pos_neg	6912
But Sergeant Custer said he was entirely surprised that it happened .	But Sergeant Custer said he was not entirely surprised that it happened .	pos_neg	6913
Her husband recalled seeing a motorcycle .	Her husband did not recall seeing a motorcycle .	pos_neg	6914
" I understand this , " said Georgia Papadopul .	" I do not understand this , " said Georgia Papadopul .	pos_neg	6915
It starts from a decision .	It does not start from a decision .	pos_neg	6916
Riminal : A man who cleans up his toilet dribble .	Riminal : A man who does not clean up his toilet dribble .	pos_neg	6917
The S.E.C. said Mr. Jones has a lawyer representing him .	The S.E.C. said Mr. Jones does not have a lawyer representing him .	pos_neg	6918
Now many are so sure .	Now many are not so sure .	pos_neg	6919
Burma Missionaries Fight for Ethnic Minorities That means she will win .	Burma Missionaries Fight for Ethnic Minorities That does not mean she will win .	pos_neg	6920
Her lawyer stated what those " issues " were .	Her lawyer did not state what those " issues " were .	pos_neg	6921
She cared .	She did not care .	pos_neg	6922
Posts like Yaqub 's are for the faint of heart .	Posts like Yaqub 's are not for the faint of heart .	pos_neg	6923
It is always about turnover .	It is not always about turnover .	pos_neg	6924
Umenyiora added that he is frustrated with his buddy .	Umenyiora added that he is not frustrated with his buddy .	pos_neg	6925
Let 's just say , she is really mother material .	Let 's just say , she is not really mother material .	pos_neg	6926
The senator was charged with a crime .	The senator was not charged with a crime .	pos_neg	6927
The police released the youth 's name .	The police did not release the youth 's name .	pos_neg	6928
" I worry a lot , " he said .	" I do not worry a lot , " he said .	pos_neg	6929
Ramadan squads have been set up in other West Bank towns .	Ramadan squads have not been set up in other West Bank towns .	pos_neg	6930
Trans Fats and Americas Obesity Problem A diagnosis was made available .	Trans Fats and Americas Obesity Problem A diagnosis was not made available .	pos_neg	6931
We cannot be like that , we have that luxury .	We cannot be like that , we do not have that luxury .	pos_neg	6932
The U.S. military said the militia chief was captured or killed .	The U.S. military said the militia chief was not captured or killed .	pos_neg	6933
Kid Rock was taken into custody , he said .	Kid Rock was not taken into custody , he said .	pos_neg	6934
The United States is .	The United States is not .	pos_neg	6935
They had that .	They did not have that .	pos_neg	6936
Offering less pukka security is costless .	Offering less pukka security is not costless .	pos_neg	6937
But readers had given up on him .	But readers had not given up on him .	pos_neg	6938
Osborne was immediately available to comment .	Osborne was not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	6939
Police questioned Borukhova on Sunday night but charged her .	Police questioned Borukhova on Sunday night but did not charge her .	pos_neg	6940
Rick Sprague of Erie , Pennsylvania I understand the problem .	Rick Sprague of Erie , Pennsylvania I do not understand the problem .	pos_neg	6941
And even if they do accept it , they obey it .	And even if they do accept it , they do not obey it .	pos_neg	6942
And maybe it is the way the Redskins want to play .	And maybe it is not the way the Redskins want to play .	pos_neg	6943
Demeanor makes the biggest impact when a defendant takes the stand .	Demeanor makes the biggest impact when a defendant does not take the stand .	pos_neg	6944
Calls to BEA requesting comment Friday were immediately returned .	Calls to BEA requesting comment Friday were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	6945
That makes sense to me .	That does not make sense to me .	pos_neg	6946
The recruiting-oriented tagline is a coincidence , said Mr. Roell .	The recruiting-oriented tagline is not a coincidence , said Mr. Roell .	pos_neg	6947
" That is something that is entirely clear , " said Dijk .	" That is something that is not entirely clear , " said Dijk .	pos_neg	6948
The graduates from that era have done too badly since .	The graduates from that era have not done too badly since .	pos_neg	6949
... But it is as if Mr. Odinga is working class .	... But it is not as if Mr. Odinga is working class .	pos_neg	6950
Bulger had been aware of Linehan 's endorsement on Monday .	Bulger had not been aware of Linehan 's endorsement on Monday .	pos_neg	6951
But the newborn was breathing , so Kiesel gently administered CPR .	But the newborn was not breathing , so Kiesel gently administered CPR .	pos_neg	6952
' " Figures for 2006 were immediately available .	' " Figures for 2006 were not immediately available .	pos_neg	6953
Liang said the company 's managers were available to comment .	Liang said the company 's managers were not available to comment .	pos_neg	6954
I had heard that a lot .	I had not heard that a lot .	pos_neg	6955
NAM 's president apparently got the memo .	NAM 's president apparently did not get the memo .	pos_neg	6956
Similar assertions from the past have been confirmed , the agency said .	Similar assertions from the past have not been confirmed , the agency said .	pos_neg	6957
The loss also turns Manning into a big-game loser again .	The loss also does not turn Manning into a big-game loser again .	pos_neg	6958
He questioned the government 's power to control such news .	He did not question the government 's power to control such news .	pos_neg	6959
I guess sometimes you just get fireworks .	I guess sometimes you just do not get fireworks .	pos_neg	6960
Some say the claim jibes with international law .	Some say the claim does not jibe with international law .	pos_neg	6961
It was known how many workers were fired at the 2,200-pig farm .	It was not known how many workers were fired at the 2,200-pig farm .	pos_neg	6962
This is just a tale of luxury .	This is not just a tale of luxury .	pos_neg	6963
Happily things seem to be as bad as all that .	Happily things do not seem to be as bad as all that .	pos_neg	6964
But past is necessarily prologue .	But past is not necessarily prologue .	pos_neg	6965
A manslaughter charge was considered .	A manslaughter charge was not considered .	pos_neg	6966
An Aberdeenshire Council spokesman insisted sweets were banned .	An Aberdeenshire Council spokesman insisted sweets were not banned .	pos_neg	6967
" and " Costa Rica is for sale !	" and " Costa Rica is not for sale !	pos_neg	6968
However , his surprising exit hindered his career .	However , his surprising exit did not hinder his career .	pos_neg	6969
But it is just about travelling to exotic locations .	But it is not just about travelling to exotic locations .	pos_neg	6970
A police spokeswoman said the fire was being treated as suspicious .	A police spokeswoman said the fire was not being treated as suspicious .	pos_neg	6971
The Rockies flinched .	The Rockies did not flinch .	pos_neg	6972
s Day of Broadcasting Award nominees They came here without authority .	s Day of Broadcasting Award nominees They did not come here without authority .	pos_neg	6973
It happens in this sport .	It does not happen in this sport .	pos_neg	6974
Of course , Mr. Prince flies solo at Citigroup .	Of course , Mr. Prince does not fly solo at Citigroup .	pos_neg	6975
A phone message left for Clark at the jail was returned Sunday .	A phone message left for Clark at the jail was not returned Sunday .	pos_neg	6976
We believed the law of unintended consequences applied to us .	We did not believe the law of unintended consequences applied to us .	pos_neg	6977
It is saying that we can forget about Iran .	It is not saying that we can forget about Iran .	pos_neg	6978
All the pre-game hype had been about McAllister and he disappointed .	All the pre-game hype had been about McAllister and he did not disappoint .	pos_neg	6979
It was clear if Rhodes had been robbed by her attacker .	It was not clear if Rhodes had been robbed by her attacker .	pos_neg	6980
Mr. Sells 's father approves of their relationship .	Mr. Sells 's father does not approve of their relationship .	pos_neg	6981
But it is alone .	But it is not alone .	pos_neg	6982
Apparently I am alone .	Apparently I am not alone .	pos_neg	6983
He is a dangerous person , Hannon said .	He is not a dangerous person , Hannon said .	pos_neg	6984
The FDA is bound by panel recommendations but often follows them .	The FDA is not bound by panel recommendations but often follows them .	pos_neg	6985
No wonder he has a problem with the last-second timeout .	No wonder he does not have a problem with the last-second timeout .	pos_neg	6986
The cause was immediately known .	The cause was not immediately known .	pos_neg	6987
Shoaib 's happy and beats him with a quick one .	Shoaib 's not happy and beats him with a quick one .	pos_neg	6988
It was the highest scoring game of the season , though .	It was not the highest scoring game of the season , though .	pos_neg	6989
The extent of the whale 's injuries were immediately known .	The extent of the whale 's injuries were not immediately known .	pos_neg	6990
But school officials ramped up spending to protect their new investments .	But school officials did not ramp up spending to protect their new investments .	pos_neg	6991
That is so clear .	That is not so clear .	pos_neg	6992
Older people had a higher desire for plastic surgery .	Older people did not have a higher desire for plastic surgery .	pos_neg	6993
Dreams of riches were a driving force for me .	Dreams of riches were not a driving force for me .	pos_neg	6994
Unlike free online encyclopedia Wikipedia , HowStuffWorks accepts user-generated content .	Unlike free online encyclopedia Wikipedia , HowStuffWorks does not accept user-generated content .	pos_neg	6995
The former curator , Marion True , attended the hearing .	The former curator , Marion True , did not attend the hearing .	pos_neg	6996
She was related to me , I explained .	She was not related to me , I explained .	pos_neg	6997
Please compare me to other rappers .	Please do not compare me to other rappers .	pos_neg	6998
Though new to me , Mr. Sewell is new to the Joyce .	Though new to me , Mr. Sewell is not new to the Joyce .	pos_neg	6999
She has seen fellow executives of her opposition party since May 2004 .	She has not seen fellow executives of her opposition party since May 2004 .	pos_neg	7000
Chinese Communist Party opens five-yearly meet It certainly is for the money .	Chinese Communist Party opens five-yearly meet It certainly is not for the money .	pos_neg	7001
We definitely needed that .	We definitely did not need that .	pos_neg	7002
It is just the automakers touting their green credentials .	It is not just the automakers touting their green credentials .	pos_neg	7003
Terms of the pending transaction were disclosed .	Terms of the pending transaction were not disclosed .	pos_neg	7004
" I want to take over America , " he says .	" I do not want to take over America , " he says .	pos_neg	7005
It is an engineering problem , it is a scientific problem .	It is an engineering problem , it is not a scientific problem .	pos_neg	7006
" I saw it so well , " said Grant .	" I did not see it so well , " said Grant .	pos_neg	7007
" The Girl Scouts of America discriminate , " Diaz said .	" The Girl Scouts of America do not discriminate , " Diaz said .	pos_neg	7008
British Transport police said they were treating the incident as suspicious .	British Transport police said they were not treating the incident as suspicious .	pos_neg	7009
But a state visit is an endorsement .	But a state visit is not an endorsement .	pos_neg	7010
But Sunday 's statement said whether the two arrests were related .	But Sunday 's statement did not say whether the two arrests were related .	pos_neg	7011
Such things fluster Elizabeth , however .	Such things do not fluster Elizabeth , however .	pos_neg	7012
If the players were scoreboard watching , the fans certainly were .	If the players were not scoreboard watching , the fans certainly were .	pos_neg	7013
Please judge me .	Please do not judge me .	pos_neg	7014
But they had a good relief staff this season .	But they did not have a good relief staff this season .	pos_neg	7015
Payments were fixed for only two years , but they worried .	Payments were fixed for only two years , but they did not worry .	pos_neg	7016
But for many , money is and never was an issue .	But for many , money is not and never was an issue .	pos_neg	7017
It is clear whether the idea was put into practice .	It is not clear whether the idea was put into practice .	pos_neg	7018
Health insurance He is wavered from what he said four years ago .	Health insurance He is not wavered from what he said four years ago .	pos_neg	7019
It specified which parties ' candidates were involved .	It did not specify which parties ' candidates were involved .	pos_neg	7020
A UAW spokesman returned calls for comment .	A UAW spokesman did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	7021
The virus affects humans .	The virus does not affect humans .	pos_neg	7022
Fee increases , unlike tax increases , require two-thirds approval .	Fee increases , unlike tax increases , do not require two-thirds approval .	pos_neg	7023
The crew was found .	The crew was not found .	pos_neg	7024
The little English she knew deterred her ambition .	The little English she knew did not deter her ambition .	pos_neg	7025
Teva provided additional details on the launch .	Teva did not provide additional details on the launch .	pos_neg	7026
But the publicity has had its desired affect .	But the publicity has not had its desired affect .	pos_neg	7027
Burma has been on the path to democracy .	Burma has not been on the path to democracy .	pos_neg	7028
She has lower hurdles to convince voters she is a negative stereotype .	She has lower hurdles to convince voters she is not a negative stereotype .	pos_neg	7029
That was and will never be the case .	That was not and will never be the case .	pos_neg	7030
" I think it is egregious , " Mr. Levine said .	" I do not think it is egregious , " Mr. Levine said .	pos_neg	7031
" I like eggs in the file , " Muirhead wrote .	" I do not like eggs in the file , " Muirhead wrote .	pos_neg	7032
You have to put up with it .	You do not have to put up with it .	pos_neg	7033
The only thing he did was go away .	The only thing he did not do was go away .	pos_neg	7034
Boccardi was immediately available for comment .	Boccardi was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	7035
Recent trends have improved that record .	Recent trends have not improved that record .	pos_neg	7036
Forward-Looking statements are guarantees of future performance .	Forward-Looking statements are not guarantees of future performance .	pos_neg	7037
It was immediately clear whether he had a lawyer .	It was not immediately clear whether he had a lawyer .	pos_neg	7038
We have accepted money from onlookers although they offered us a lot .	We have not accepted money from onlookers although they offered us a lot .	pos_neg	7039
He was kidding .	He was not kidding .	pos_neg	7040
Cappuccino was available Tuesday , and hospital spokesman Mike Hughes declined comment .	Cappuccino was not available Tuesday , and hospital spokesman Mike Hughes declined comment .	pos_neg	7041
The Red Sox have that economic luxury .	The Red Sox do not have that economic luxury .	pos_neg	7042
" We have talked about it , " Manning said .	" We have not talked about it , " Manning said .	pos_neg	7043
But Obama is just looking for bipartisan compromise .	But Obama is not just looking for bipartisan compromise .	pos_neg	7044
The girl had asked her parents ' permission to fly .	The girl had not asked her parents ' permission to fly .	pos_neg	7045
The award is the only thing the actresses have shared .	The award is not the only thing the actresses have shared .	pos_neg	7046
He was a ditherer .	He was not a ditherer .	pos_neg	7047
It was a lean ; it was an extra jump .	It was not a lean ; it was an extra jump .	pos_neg	7048
The concrete helps .	The concrete does not help .	pos_neg	7049
They are paying for us to drink .	They are not paying for us to drink .	pos_neg	7050
Actually , for one New Jersey woman it was so easy .	Actually , for one New Jersey woman it was not so easy .	pos_neg	7051
However , this means that home buyers should procrastinate .	However , this does not mean that home buyers should procrastinate .	pos_neg	7052
" " But he was there enough to really leave an imprint .	" " But he was not there enough to really leave an imprint .	pos_neg	7053
He never took drugs that were prescribed for him , he added .	He never took drugs that were not prescribed for him , he added .	pos_neg	7054
They have information for us .	They do not have information for us .	pos_neg	7055
Castro , 81 , has appeared in public in over a year .	Castro , 81 , has not appeared in public in over a year .	pos_neg	7056
We are sure that this irony is lost on today 's buyers .	We are sure that this irony is not lost on today 's buyers .	pos_neg	7057
He was faithful to his girlfriend , Zena , if I recall .	He was not faithful to his girlfriend , Zena , if I recall .	pos_neg	7058
The Music Hall 's success was lost on New York 's merchant-entrepreneurs .	The Music Hall 's success was not lost on New York 's merchant-entrepreneurs .	pos_neg	7059
The whole country knew what was going on .	The whole country did not know what was going on .	pos_neg	7060
There are many difficulties but you are the only one having them .	There are many difficulties but you are not the only one having them .	pos_neg	7061
The SEC has publicly commented .	The SEC has not publicly commented .	pos_neg	7062
And it is just about Gen Y workers slacking off .	And it is not just about Gen Y workers slacking off .	pos_neg	7063
We were racing Kimi , we were basically racing Fernando .	We were not racing Kimi , we were basically racing Fernando .	pos_neg	7064
Mr Grocutt was injured but was taken to hospital .	Mr Grocutt was not injured but was taken to hospital .	pos_neg	7065
New Yorkers need more regulation to be burdened with .	New Yorkers do not need more regulation to be burdened with .	pos_neg	7066
It was immediately clear what the target of the attack was .	It was not immediately clear what the target of the attack was .	pos_neg	7067
But somehow , a spark plug was quite firing .	But somehow , a spark plug was not quite firing .	pos_neg	7068
He gave details on the alleged design problems .	He did not give details on the alleged design problems .	pos_neg	7069
The extra room just paid off financially .	The extra room just did not pay off financially .	pos_neg	7070
" I am a racist , " she said .	" I am not a racist , " she said .	pos_neg	7071
Wallaby winger Gerrard out for up to eight weeks It mattered .	Wallaby winger Gerrard out for up to eight weeks It did not matter .	pos_neg	7072
The everyday stress of life seemed to exist .	The everyday stress of life did not seem to exist .	pos_neg	7073
... It matters what she is saying .	... It does not matter what she is saying .	pos_neg	7074
They made judgment errors , recognized hazards and were indecisive .	They made judgment errors , did not recognize hazards and were indecisive .	pos_neg	7075
" I think they marched together , " she said .	" I do not think they marched together , " she said .	pos_neg	7076
It was plainly dishonest but it was an organised fraud .	It was plainly dishonest but it was not an organised fraud .	pos_neg	7077
Afridi 4-0-18-3 ( w1 ) He was intimidated .	Afridi 4-0-18-3 ( w1 ) He was not intimidated .	pos_neg	7078
But a tiny company in North Carolina was laughing .	But a tiny company in North Carolina was not laughing .	pos_neg	7079
Her detractors were so easily thwarted .	Her detractors were not so easily thwarted .	pos_neg	7080
The Republican base has moved closer to McCain .	The Republican base has not moved closer to McCain .	pos_neg	7081
Messages left with the Orange County fisherman were immediately returned Thursday .	Messages left with the Orange County fisherman were not immediately returned Thursday .	pos_neg	7082
id = 1655492007 The board 's decision was a surprise .	id = 1655492007 The board 's decision was not a surprise .	pos_neg	7083
" We are friends , " Avery said .	" We are not friends , " Avery said .	pos_neg	7084
On Thursday , Ravenel told the judge he received drug treatment .	On Thursday , Ravenel told the judge he did not receive drug treatment .	pos_neg	7085
And , they went there gracefully .	And , they did not go there gracefully .	pos_neg	7086
Lyon are the team they were a couple of years ago .	Lyon are not the team they were a couple of years ago .	pos_neg	7087
Gionta had scored since the season opener , Oct. 4 .	Gionta had not scored since the season opener , Oct. 4 .	pos_neg	7088
I think I would like doing it .	I do not think I would like doing it .	pos_neg	7089
He is going downtown .	He is not going downtown .	pos_neg	7090
Nan knew what do .	Nan did not know what do .	pos_neg	7091
" I know , " he added .	" I do not know , " he added .	pos_neg	7092
That is the only routine-changing feature .	That is not the only routine-changing feature .	pos_neg	7093
It is a great bill , but we need to compromise .	It is not a great bill , but we need to compromise .	pos_neg	7094
, who qualified .	, who did not qualify .	pos_neg	7095
" " Protecting anonymity is a fight that can be won .	" " Protecting anonymity is not a fight that can be won .	pos_neg	7096
Truly strong people , of course , are arrogant .	Truly strong people , of course , are not arrogant .	pos_neg	7097
If I was I would be living in denial .	If I was not I would be living in denial .	pos_neg	7098
That was the first time the vets committee was restructured .	That was not the first time the vets committee was restructured .	pos_neg	7099
He was missed , and the drag races continued without further interruption .	He was not missed , and the drag races continued without further interruption .	pos_neg	7100
He knows what he believes , he is afraid to say it .	He knows what he believes , he is not afraid to say it .	pos_neg	7101
It was an inside job .	It was not an inside job .	pos_neg	7102
EBITDA is a measure of performance under GAAP .	EBITDA is not a measure of performance under GAAP .	pos_neg	7103
He needs to remember me sad and crying .	He does not need to remember me sad and crying .	pos_neg	7104
-- He seemed to mind .	-- He did not seem to mind .	pos_neg	7105
I want to get rid of that .	I do not want to get rid of that .	pos_neg	7106
She said she knew where Monahan was .	She said she did not know where Monahan was .	pos_neg	7107
Fries thought a bio of Greene would work .	Fries did not think a bio of Greene would work .	pos_neg	7108
The FDA has acted on that recommendation .	The FDA has not acted on that recommendation .	pos_neg	7109
Lewis Hamilton says he reads the papers .	Lewis Hamilton says he does not read the papers .	pos_neg	7110
It mattered that the film remained excruciatingly painful to watch .	It did not matter that the film remained excruciatingly painful to watch .	pos_neg	7111
The debate format really seems to favor him .	The debate format really does not seem to favor him .	pos_neg	7112
On an intellectual level , I knew it was my fault .	On an intellectual level , I knew it was not my fault .	pos_neg	7113
But that is the question that most women have cared about .	But that is not the question that most women have cared about .	pos_neg	7114
" This is some minor change , " he said .	" This is not some minor change , " he said .	pos_neg	7115
These magnificent instruments come cheap .	These magnificent instruments do not come cheap .	pos_neg	7116
I know why , but that is what I needed .	I do not know why , but that is what I needed .	pos_neg	7117
Whitehill said switching goalkeepers was the problem , but what followed was .	Whitehill said switching goalkeepers was not the problem , but what followed was .	pos_neg	7118
Fortunately she had to look far for inspiration .	Fortunately she did not have to look far for inspiration .	pos_neg	7119
I have a xenophobic attitude .	I do not have a xenophobic attitude .	pos_neg	7120
SOURCE ClockDrive Productions That is top-notch .	SOURCE ClockDrive Productions That is not top-notch .	pos_neg	7121
That is something to be proud of .	That is not something to be proud of .	pos_neg	7122
But other than that , you touch it .	But other than that , you do not touch it .	pos_neg	7123
Condors Needless to say , they give orders .	Condors Needless to say , they do not give orders .	pos_neg	7124
Tynes is buying though .	Tynes is not buying though .	pos_neg	7125
Mukasey is as well-known as Olson in Washington .	Mukasey is not as well-known as Olson in Washington .	pos_neg	7126
It is that hard .	It is not that hard .	pos_neg	7127
Darren has no truck .	Darren does not have no truck .	pos_neg	7128
For a moment , he sounds very orthogonal .	For a moment , he does not sound very orthogonal .	pos_neg	7129
One of These Things Is Like the Other .	One of These Things Is Not Like the Other .	pos_neg	7130
It is just about money .	It is not just about money .	pos_neg	7131
The authorities called the music morbid and were necessarily wrong .	The authorities called the music morbid and were not necessarily wrong .	pos_neg	7132
Google has said what it would do if it won the spectrum .	Google has not said what it would do if it won the spectrum .	pos_neg	7133
Obviously , this was done .	Obviously , this was not done .	pos_neg	7134
I am too happy about it really .	I am not too happy about it really .	pos_neg	7135
Pou denies giving the patients drugs .	Pou does not deny giving the patients drugs .	pos_neg	7136
He said when parliamentary elections due by January would be held .	He did not say when parliamentary elections due by January would be held .	pos_neg	7137
All those dire predictions by the experts came true .	All those dire predictions by the experts did not come true .	pos_neg	7138
I knew if they understood me .	I did not know if they understood me .	pos_neg	7139
Her age was immediately known .	Her age was not immediately known .	pos_neg	7140
It said how many would be freed .	It did not say how many would be freed .	pos_neg	7141
As for Mr. Ahmed , he was giving up .	As for Mr. Ahmed , he was not giving up .	pos_neg	7142
By then , the years mattered .	By then , the years did not matter .	pos_neg	7143
Kennedy Center Announces Honorees - washingtonpost.com We compete .	Kennedy Center Announces Honorees - washingtonpost.com We do not compete .	pos_neg	7144
This is a perfect book .	This is not a perfect book .	pos_neg	7145
" I am the owner , " he says .	" I am not the owner , " he says .	pos_neg	7146
Because I am the Anointed or the Inevitable .	Because I am not the Anointed or the Inevitable .	pos_neg	7147
We were great cooks , but we loved it .	We were not great cooks , but we loved it .	pos_neg	7148
Winfrey was available for comment .	Winfrey was not available for comment .	pos_neg	7149
" " We have to do it .	" " We do not have to do it .	pos_neg	7150
" " It is your fault .	" " It is not your fault .	pos_neg	7151
Exactly how nelfinavir acts against cancer cells is clear .	Exactly how nelfinavir acts against cancer cells is not clear .	pos_neg	7152
The center had an alarm that could notify firefighters .	The center did not have an alarm that could notify firefighters .	pos_neg	7153
The men are related .	The men are not related .	pos_neg	7154
This is a time where you throw a dart at the board .	This is not a time where you throw a dart at the board .	pos_neg	7155
Riccio has been charged in the case .	Riccio has not been charged in the case .	pos_neg	7156
The NFL returned calls from FOXNews.com seeking comment .	The NFL did not return calls from FOXNews.com seeking comment .	pos_neg	7157
It was gut .	It was not gut .	pos_neg	7158
Fire officials knew what caused the explosion at Griswold Manufacturing .	Fire officials did not know what caused the explosion at Griswold Manufacturing .	pos_neg	7159
Hawks 107 , Pacers 95 But it is .	Hawks 107 , Pacers 95 But it is not .	pos_neg	7160
Ms. Reynolds responded to a message left at her office .	Ms. Reynolds did not respond to a message left at her office .	pos_neg	7161
Prosecutors said they knew if Nelson had hired an attorney .	Prosecutors said they did not know if Nelson had hired an attorney .	pos_neg	7162
That was unusual .	That was not unusual .	pos_neg	7163
I am quite sure what to say .	I am not quite sure what to say .	pos_neg	7164
Police reports assign blame for the crash .	Police reports do not assign blame for the crash .	pos_neg	7165
But Frau Obermann sheds tears .	But Frau Obermann does not shed tears .	pos_neg	7166
His own loyalty was questioned .	His own loyalty was not questioned .	pos_neg	7167
" That is unusual , " she said .	" That is not unusual , " she said .	pos_neg	7168
This is art .	This is not art .	pos_neg	7169
Gill Fielding is ordinary , she is a multimillionaire .	Gill Fielding is not ordinary , she is a multimillionaire .	pos_neg	7170
But price or power have deterred early buyers of the NmGs .	But price or power have not deterred early buyers of the NmGs .	pos_neg	7171
Tomorrow 's going to be that easy .	Tomorrow 's not going to be that easy .	pos_neg	7172
That is when she is slugging her opponents in the ring .	That is when she is not slugging her opponents in the ring .	pos_neg	7173
President Vladimir Putin recently even said Russia considers the islands disputed .	President Vladimir Putin recently even said Russia does not consider the islands disputed .	pos_neg	7174
" " The government wants political leaders to reach the voters .	" " The government does not want political leaders to reach the voters .	pos_neg	7175
" We are a public company , " he said .	" We are not a public company , " he said .	pos_neg	7176
Spain 's rise in basketball was unexpected .	Spain 's rise in basketball was not unexpected .	pos_neg	7177
And usually it is .	And usually it is not .	pos_neg	7178
This is a form of exhibitionism I had contemplated !	This is a form of exhibitionism I had not contemplated !	pos_neg	7179
I think it did .	I do not think it did .	pos_neg	7180
They did what they should have .	They did not do what they should have .	pos_neg	7181
What is always clear is whether it is cost-effective .	What is not always clear is whether it is cost-effective .	pos_neg	7182
It is blind faith .	It is not blind faith .	pos_neg	7183
Don 't work with a mortgage loan person you know .	Don 't work with a mortgage loan person you do not know .	pos_neg	7184
Return Yards 24 10 I am saying the Redskins will win .	Return Yards 24 10 I am not saying the Redskins will win .	pos_neg	7185
It was always pretty , but it could be pretty effective .	It was not always pretty , but it could be pretty effective .	pos_neg	7186
It was immediately clear whether Macon had an attorney .	It was not immediately clear whether Macon had an attorney .	pos_neg	7187
The September data reflect the recent surge in crude oil prices .	The September data do not reflect the recent surge in crude oil prices .	pos_neg	7188
My friends understood what had happened .	My friends did not understand what had happened .	pos_neg	7189
She presents large-scale photographs that look like photographs .	She presents large-scale photographs that do not look like photographs .	pos_neg	7190
Sadly , the talk worked .	Sadly , the talk did not work .	pos_neg	7191
It is their fault .	It is not their fault .	pos_neg	7192
My kitchen floor 's dirty the dog 's doing his job .	My kitchen floor 's dirty the dog 's not doing his job .	pos_neg	7193
Having locked eyes , I was sure how to proceed .	Having locked eyes , I was not sure how to proceed .	pos_neg	7194
He had a diagnosis Thursday .	He did not have a diagnosis Thursday .	pos_neg	7195
It disclosed what was said .	It did not disclose what was said .	pos_neg	7196
" No , they are , " he answered .	" No , they are not , " he answered .	pos_neg	7197
It is just a luxury but a necessity to seek outside capital .	It is not just a luxury but a necessity to seek outside capital .	pos_neg	7198
I was under constant terror even if he did it .	I was under constant terror even if he did not do it .	pos_neg	7199
South Florida is .	South Florida is not .	pos_neg	7200
But for your purposes , that matters .	But for your purposes , that does not matter .	pos_neg	7201
And please lose the " if she is wanted " spin .	And please lose the " if she is not wanted " spin .	pos_neg	7202
You are the same person you were before your diagnosis .	You are not the same person you were before your diagnosis .	pos_neg	7203
There is a natural barrier to entry that I have overcome .	There is a natural barrier to entry that I have not overcome .	pos_neg	7204
And I do serial shows .	And I do not do serial shows .	pos_neg	7205
But now with a competitive world it really is .	But now with a competitive world it really is not .	pos_neg	7206
But Goodell applied the muscle to management he did to labor .	But Goodell did not apply the muscle to management he did to labor .	pos_neg	7207
But he is .	But he is not .	pos_neg	7208
The correspondence went unnoticed .	The correspondence did not go unnoticed .	pos_neg	7209
What has changed is the Delta Queen 's charms .	What has not changed is the Delta Queen 's charms .	pos_neg	7210
... He repeatedly does things he knows he is allowed to do .	... He repeatedly does things he knows he is not allowed to do .	pos_neg	7211
If you are , put yourself back on the market .	If you are not , put yourself back on the market .	pos_neg	7212
For a change , his pitchers blew the game .	For a change , his pitchers did not blow the game .	pos_neg	7213
The polls really reflect the core voters .	The polls really do not reflect the core voters .	pos_neg	7214
That means the other players aren 't getting better .	That does not mean the other players aren 't getting better .	pos_neg	7215
But shoppers seem to be in a hurry to buy .	But shoppers do not seem to be in a hurry to buy .	pos_neg	7216
Only he is the big man that Owen appears to need .	Only he is not the big man that Owen appears to need .	pos_neg	7217
Authorities said they knew how fast the van was traveling .	Authorities said they did not know how fast the van was traveling .	pos_neg	7218
Umenyiora , 25 , has returned to London since moving to Nigeria .	Umenyiora , 25 , has not returned to London since moving to Nigeria .	pos_neg	7219
Just sleep too long or too late .	Just do not sleep too long or too late .	pos_neg	7220
The child was hurt .	The child was not hurt .	pos_neg	7221
It is memoir or drunkalogue .	It is not memoir or drunkalogue .	pos_neg	7222
I know the answer to these things .	I do not know the answer to these things .	pos_neg	7223
Which is entirely a bad thing .	Which is not entirely a bad thing .	pos_neg	7224
I just , I want to go anywhere .	I just , I do not want to go anywhere .	pos_neg	7225
Skeptics are sure just who is getting the message .	Skeptics are not sure just who is getting the message .	pos_neg	7226
" We have been outplayed , " Byrnes said .	" We have not been outplayed , " Byrnes said .	pos_neg	7227
The federal government prosecuted the three white teens responsible .	The federal government did not prosecute the three white teens responsible .	pos_neg	7228
" I want to upset them , " he said .	" I do not want to upset them , " he said .	pos_neg	7229
Hamas is involved in those talks .	Hamas is not involved in those talks .	pos_neg	7230
" I was counting on this , " he said .	" I was not counting on this , " he said .	pos_neg	7231
They 've heard of Motel 6 , but they stay there .	They 've heard of Motel 6 , but they do not stay there .	pos_neg	7232
But that is helping AOL this year .	But that is not helping AOL this year .	pos_neg	7233
It pushed for success .	It did not push for success .	pos_neg	7234
He has had that and it is really hampered him .	He has not had that and it is really hampered him .	pos_neg	7235
The SNP promised class sizes of 18 ; it is happening .	The SNP promised class sizes of 18 ; it is not happening .	pos_neg	7236
And " normal " is a word long associated with royalty .	And " normal " is not a word long associated with royalty .	pos_neg	7237
Fossett had filed a flight plan for his Monday morning departure .	Fossett had not filed a flight plan for his Monday morning departure .	pos_neg	7238
But the late surge was enough to overcome a 21-point deficit .	But the late surge was not enough to overcome a 21-point deficit .	pos_neg	7239
Genius in the opposition often bears scrutiny .	Genius in the opposition often does not bear scrutiny .	pos_neg	7240
I stand by my man .	I do not stand by my man .	pos_neg	7241
Internet domain : .fi About next year , I am sure .	Internet domain : .fi About next year , I am not sure .	pos_neg	7242
" " There is a shadow of a doubt about that .	" " There is not a shadow of a doubt about that .	pos_neg	7243
The Hansons ' runners say they are worried .	The Hansons ' runners say they are not worried .	pos_neg	7244
A spokesman for Perkins responded to requests for comment Monday .	A spokesman for Perkins did not respond to requests for comment Monday .	pos_neg	7245
It just happens .	It just does not happen .	pos_neg	7246
AT & T is automatically crediting customers for such charges .	AT & T is not automatically crediting customers for such charges .	pos_neg	7247
I want it when I am trying to get the facts .	I do not want it when I am trying to get the facts .	pos_neg	7248
She also noted that Jane Doe 's marriage was polygamous .	She also noted that Jane Doe 's marriage was not polygamous .	pos_neg	7249
Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction .	Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction .	pos_neg	7250
I am necessarily sure that is advice I would give everybody .	I am not necessarily sure that is advice I would give everybody .	pos_neg	7251
I am trying to be negative here .	I am not trying to be negative here .	pos_neg	7252
I am surprised by how well he has done .	I am not surprised by how well he has done .	pos_neg	7253
The opposition accepted that offer from the majority .	The opposition did not accept that offer from the majority .	pos_neg	7254
He told us that it was a constitution .	He told us that it was not a constitution .	pos_neg	7255
The man who leads more than a billion people hangs about .	The man who leads more than a billion people does not hang about .	pos_neg	7256
" He said : " This is the end .	" He said : " This is not the end .	pos_neg	7257
He got on the scoresheet , but left with a win .	He did not get on the scoresheet , but left with a win .	pos_neg	7258
I think it 'll work .	I do not think it 'll work .	pos_neg	7259
That is a conservative position .	That is not a conservative position .	pos_neg	7260
I know what the holdup is .	I do not know what the holdup is .	pos_neg	7261
Babe , you have got a clue .	Babe , you have not got a clue .	pos_neg	7262
I have done an interview about it .	I have not done an interview about it .	pos_neg	7263
An official cause had been announced .	An official cause had not been announced .	pos_neg	7264
It is Toomer 's style to be preoccupied with milestones .	It is not Toomer 's style to be preoccupied with milestones .	pos_neg	7265
, has said that is enough .	, has said that is not enough .	pos_neg	7266
But Sen. Trent Lott , R-Mississippi , was buying that argument .	But Sen. Trent Lott , R-Mississippi , was not buying that argument .	pos_neg	7267
Barker claimed victory but said O 'Brien called him to concede .	Barker claimed victory but said O 'Brien did not call him to concede .	pos_neg	7268
However , the win streak was against elite competition .	However , the win streak was not against elite competition .	pos_neg	7269
But he had to regret how he handled Riley Washington .	But he did not have to regret how he handled Riley Washington .	pos_neg	7270
They wear wingtips .	They do not wear wingtips .	pos_neg	7271
I see myself crossing the picket line .	I do not see myself crossing the picket line .	pos_neg	7272
But the Smiths said he has reached out to them personally .	But the Smiths said he has not reached out to them personally .	pos_neg	7273
A spokeswoman for Porcari said yesterday that he had seen the report .	A spokeswoman for Porcari said yesterday that he had not seen the report .	pos_neg	7274
Rates of estrogen receptor-negative invasive cancer changed during this interval .	Rates of estrogen receptor-negative invasive cancer did not change during this interval .	pos_neg	7275
A spokesman for the company responded to repeated requests for comment .	A spokesman for the company did not respond to repeated requests for comment .	pos_neg	7276
There really have been too many other spectacular crashes so far .	There really have not been too many other spectacular crashes so far .	pos_neg	7277
Messages left with family representatives of the Wests were returned .	Messages left with family representatives of the Wests were not returned .	pos_neg	7278
Sanctions are on the meeting agenda .	Sanctions are not on the meeting agenda .	pos_neg	7279
We all like to think we are terribly different but we are .	We all like to think we are terribly different but we are not .	pos_neg	7280
He said when the Sonics would move .	He did not say when the Sonics would move .	pos_neg	7281
Syria claimed the aircraft bombed its territory , however .	Syria did not claim the aircraft bombed its territory , however .	pos_neg	7282
" " It is a complicated procedure .	" " It is not a complicated procedure .	pos_neg	7283
That means the market would be unaffected if economic growth stalls .	That does not mean the market would be unaffected if economic growth stalls .	pos_neg	7284
He also said that the fighters there are affiliated with al-Qaeda .	He also said that the fighters there are not affiliated with al-Qaeda .	pos_neg	7285
Mychal Bell was convicted for attempted murder .	Mychal Bell was not convicted for attempted murder .	pos_neg	7286
The Democratic leadership has scheduled a final vote .	The Democratic leadership has not scheduled a final vote .	pos_neg	7287
We intend to update these statements .	We do not intend to update these statements .	pos_neg	7288
I was in court at sentencing and she blinked an eye .	I was in court at sentencing and she did not blink an eye .	pos_neg	7289
It is as if sales were hurting .	It is not as if sales were hurting .	pos_neg	7290
The older generation , including my parents , are so pleased .	The older generation , including my parents , are not so pleased .	pos_neg	7291
Because of that , many boards are forcing executives to train successors .	Because of that , many boards are not forcing executives to train successors .	pos_neg	7292
They will compare you to Adolf if you recycle .	They will compare you to Adolf if you do not recycle .	pos_neg	7293
The evacuation affected flight schedules , DiFulco said .	The evacuation did not affect flight schedules , DiFulco said .	pos_neg	7294
It represented a firm commitment by society to full-scale space exploration .	It did not represent a firm commitment by society to full-scale space exploration .	pos_neg	7295
But those who accepted payment maintained their right to sue .	But those who did not accept payment maintained their right to sue .	pos_neg	7296
A spokeswoman for Blackwater responded to an e-mail request for comment .	A spokeswoman for Blackwater did not respond to an e-mail request for comment .	pos_neg	7297
Burt entered a plea to the new charges Friday .	Burt did not enter a plea to the new charges Friday .	pos_neg	7298
But I was going to give up .	But I was not going to give up .	pos_neg	7299
The U.S. is refusing to relinquish custody .	The U.S. is not refusing to relinquish custody .	pos_neg	7300
And he disappointed .	And he did not disappoint .	pos_neg	7301
He incorporates it into his speeches .	He does not incorporate it into his speeches .	pos_neg	7302
I have made myself into a brand .	I have not made myself into a brand .	pos_neg	7303
Mulroy is gambling the entire future of Las Vegas on this project .	Mulroy is not gambling the entire future of Las Vegas on this project .	pos_neg	7304
Jessica really knew that Chicken of the Sea was canned tuna .	Jessica really did not know that Chicken of the Sea was canned tuna .	pos_neg	7305
But that means it was an easy thing to do .	But that does not mean it was an easy thing to do .	pos_neg	7306
It was supposed to work this way .	It was not supposed to work this way .	pos_neg	7307
Representatives from Merrill Lynch were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Merrill Lynch were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	7308
A Boeing spokesman returned a phone call seeking comment .	A Boeing spokesman did not return a phone call seeking comment .	pos_neg	7309
You write my check .	You do not write my check .	pos_neg	7310
I know who 's told you that we have it .	I do not know who 's told you that we have it .	pos_neg	7311
" " We ( men ) have a strong candidate .	" " We ( men ) do not have a strong candidate .	pos_neg	7312
U.S. officials are sure whether Musharraf remain in power through the crisis .	U.S. officials are not sure whether Musharraf remain in power through the crisis .	pos_neg	7313
It is next year or next decade , it is now .	It is not next year or next decade , it is now .	pos_neg	7314
Their other escaped flamingo has been spotted .	Their other escaped flamingo has not been spotted .	pos_neg	7315
Short answer : There is one .	Short answer : There is not one .	pos_neg	7316
I knew they was gonna let him out that soon .	I did not know they was gonna let him out that soon .	pos_neg	7317
It is harder , just different .	It is not harder , just different .	pos_neg	7318
Most of us get our hands on wild goose that often .	Most of us do not get our hands on wild goose that often .	pos_neg	7319
She was alone in worrying about length .	She was not alone in worrying about length .	pos_neg	7320
This is just hype ; it is true .	This is not just hype ; it is true .	pos_neg	7321
ASU disclosed Torain 's exact injury .	ASU did not disclose Torain 's exact injury .	pos_neg	7322
Ski holidays are just about the physical activity of skiing .	Ski holidays are not just about the physical activity of skiing .	pos_neg	7323
He specified how long that should be .	He did not specify how long that should be .	pos_neg	7324
Theoretically , they want to be the centers of attention .	Theoretically , they do not want to be the centers of attention .	pos_neg	7325
If Thompson is worried , it shows .	If Thompson is worried , it does not show .	pos_neg	7326
" " People leave their ponies unattended .	" " People do not leave their ponies unattended .	pos_neg	7327
Storm surge The summit is expected to yield binding results .	Storm surge The summit is not expected to yield binding results .	pos_neg	7328
In her trance , she had time for housework or dinner .	In her trance , she did not have time for housework or dinner .	pos_neg	7329
A delicate dance The problem is just Mr. Thompson 's .	A delicate dance The problem is not just Mr. Thompson 's .	pos_neg	7330
Sometimes , online resources are enough .	Sometimes , online resources are not enough .	pos_neg	7331
It was clear if they were all related .	It was not clear if they were all related .	pos_neg	7332
But he was able to remove all the extra powder .	But he was not able to remove all the extra powder .	pos_neg	7333
The cause of death was announced .	The cause of death was not announced .	pos_neg	7334
I have been to London ' .	I have not been to London ' .	pos_neg	7335
The name of the 48-year-old victim was pending notification of family members .	The name of the 48-year-old victim was not pending notification of family members .	pos_neg	7336
The VMAs have the stature of the Grammys or the Oscars .	The VMAs do not have the stature of the Grammys or the Oscars .	pos_neg	7337
This is the first time that Israel has invaded Syrian airspace .	This is not the first time that Israel has invaded Syrian airspace .	pos_neg	7338
But measures to achieve them are deferred - or exist .	But measures to achieve them are deferred - or do not exist .	pos_neg	7339
Al-Moussawi gave numbers of Iraqis returning home before October .	Al-Moussawi did not give numbers of Iraqis returning home before October .	pos_neg	7340
But that was the case .	But that was not the case .	pos_neg	7341
I was expecting to win this race today .	I was not expecting to win this race today .	pos_neg	7342
" " America was built on Wall Street .	" " America was not built on Wall Street .	pos_neg	7343
" " I live a life of crime .	" " I do not live a life of crime .	pos_neg	7344
Addington , Goldsmith says , was persuaded .	Addington , Goldsmith says , was not persuaded .	pos_neg	7345
More details on the attack were immediately released .	More details on the attack were not immediately released .	pos_neg	7346
But I think reporters are thinking that way .	But I do not think reporters are thinking that way .	pos_neg	7347
His identity was immediately released .	His identity was not immediately released .	pos_neg	7348
Mourinho 's instincts are as an entertainer .	Mourinho 's instincts are not as an entertainer .	pos_neg	7349
It was known whether Bishop had an attorney .	It was not known whether Bishop had an attorney .	pos_neg	7350
That is other teams beating us , that is us beating ourselves .	That is not other teams beating us , that is us beating ourselves .	pos_neg	7351
A message left for his attorney Richard Hirsch also was immediately returned .	A message left for his attorney Richard Hirsch also was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	7352
Islam is as evangelical as Christianity .	Islam is not as evangelical as Christianity .	pos_neg	7353
The Rockies have said who will start for them .	The Rockies have not said who will start for them .	pos_neg	7354
It is the individual ; it is the system .	It is not the individual ; it is the system .	pos_neg	7355
Statistics on people who travel specifically for the White Nights are available .	Statistics on people who travel specifically for the White Nights are not available .	pos_neg	7356
'Fine needles' Takahashi said the company has decided whether to appeal .	'Fine needles' Takahashi said the company has not decided whether to appeal .	pos_neg	7357
- No , they were playing basketball .	- No , they were not playing basketball .	pos_neg	7358
Everything was .	Everything was not .	pos_neg	7359
Calls to Sprint after office hours were returned .	Calls to Sprint after office hours were not returned .	pos_neg	7360
Yet the Russian alternative looks appetising .	Yet the Russian alternative does not look appetising .	pos_neg	7361
I knew if I had it .	I did not know if I had it .	pos_neg	7362
" I am looking for the credibility , " she said .	" I am not looking for the credibility , " she said .	pos_neg	7363
I always think Maurice Jones-Drew gets enough credit for this .	I always think Maurice Jones-Drew does not get enough credit for this .	pos_neg	7364
The man had shown up .	The man had not shown up .	pos_neg	7365
I am a normal girl like that .	I am not a normal girl like that .	pos_neg	7366
That has happened .	That has not happened .	pos_neg	7367
" The judges have fulfilled their constitutional obligation , " Piracha said .	" The judges have not fulfilled their constitutional obligation , " Piracha said .	pos_neg	7368
They seemed all that interested .	They did not seem all that interested .	pos_neg	7369
I know how we are going to get through this .	I do not know how we are going to get through this .	pos_neg	7370
He has scored for 11 games .	He has not scored for 11 games .	pos_neg	7371
It has worked out the way I thought it would .	It has not worked out the way I thought it would .	pos_neg	7372
" I concentrate on it , " he said .	" I do not concentrate on it , " he said .	pos_neg	7373
Whatever views Mr. Dear has regarding his qualifications are particularly well-known .	Whatever views Mr. Dear has regarding his qualifications are not particularly well-known .	pos_neg	7374
" " He is shy about overcharging a case .	" " He is not shy about overcharging a case .	pos_neg	7375
Details of the decision to release Badawi from prison were known .	Details of the decision to release Badawi from prison were not known .	pos_neg	7376
They are facing criminal charges .	They are not facing criminal charges .	pos_neg	7377
Be fooled .	Be not fooled .	pos_neg	7378
Winds up to 15 mph were expected but were considered a problem .	Winds up to 15 mph were expected but were not considered a problem .	pos_neg	7379
As a U.S. government agency , USAID accepts donations .	As a U.S. government agency , USAID does not accept donations .	pos_neg	7380
Plowman returned phone calls requesting comment on the affidavit .	Plowman did not return phone calls requesting comment on the affidavit .	pos_neg	7381
Driving is to everyone 's cup of tea .	Driving is not to everyone 's cup of tea .	pos_neg	7382
I think it is all the way there .	I do not think it is all the way there .	pos_neg	7383
I have all the facts .	I do not have all the facts .	pos_neg	7384
Look natural , blend in , get greedy .	Look natural , blend in , do not get greedy .	pos_neg	7385
Peters responds .	Peters does not respond .	pos_neg	7386
The other was .	The other was not .	pos_neg	7387
The inning started innocently for Gagné , but ended that way .	The inning started innocently for Gagné , but did not end that way .	pos_neg	7388
The Redskins let it happen .	The Redskins did not let it happen .	pos_neg	7389
This is an abstract thing .	This is not an abstract thing .	pos_neg	7390
Actually wrote it down in case everyone believed what they heard .	Actually wrote it down in case everyone did not believe what they heard .	pos_neg	7391
Kilian Betlach is your average T.F.A. teacher .	Kilian Betlach is not your average T.F.A. teacher .	pos_neg	7392
Of course , the music is Donizetti 's .	Of course , the music is not Donizetti 's .	pos_neg	7393
IPhone idolatry and Android anticipation help users chained to cellphone contracts .	IPhone idolatry and Android anticipation do not help users chained to cellphone contracts .	pos_neg	7394
And Marbury has exactly made himself attractive to other teams .	And Marbury has not exactly made himself attractive to other teams .	pos_neg	7395
Frequent flying is one of those times .	Frequent flying is not one of those times .	pos_neg	7396
I will say I am running for vice president .	I will say I am not running for vice president .	pos_neg	7397
DeVito answered e-mails sent to his agent .	DeVito did not answer e-mails sent to his agent .	pos_neg	7398
Cheema said Pakistan needed foreign help to probe the killing .	Cheema said Pakistan did not need foreign help to probe the killing .	pos_neg	7399
Nokia declined to comment , and Navteq was immediately available for comment .	Nokia declined to comment , and Navteq was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	7400
The other suspects have been publicly named .	The other suspects have not been publicly named .	pos_neg	7401
Clinton : I think so .	Clinton : I do not think so .	pos_neg	7402
Police were releasing the video .	Police were not releasing the video .	pos_neg	7403
JMSR 's new Age Intervention Eyelash Conditioner contains bimatoprost .	JMSR 's new Age Intervention Eyelash Conditioner does not contain bimatoprost .	pos_neg	7404
" Clinton , " I know what is .	" Clinton , " I do not know what is .	pos_neg	7405
That is working .	That is not working .	pos_neg	7406
Thomas said before the game he is sure when Marbury will return .	Thomas said before the game he is not sure when Marbury will return .	pos_neg	7407
Some are chilled and some , especially English beers , are .	Some are chilled and some , especially English beers , are not .	pos_neg	7408
The other rebel factions signed the deal .	The other rebel factions did not sign the deal .	pos_neg	7409
He remembers her .	He does not remember her .	pos_neg	7410
Tuition alone covers that .	Tuition alone does not cover that .	pos_neg	7411
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company has engaged in off-balance sheet financing arrangements .	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company has not engaged in off-balance sheet financing arrangements .	pos_neg	7412
It is the first time a storm surge has hit the UK .	It is not the first time a storm surge has hit the UK .	pos_neg	7413
He was ready to quit .	He was not ready to quit .	pos_neg	7414
Pouha worried .	Pouha did not worry .	pos_neg	7415
We just see it .	We just do not see it .	pos_neg	7416
He does shifty .	He does not do shifty .	pos_neg	7417
It is research .	It is not research .	pos_neg	7418
But I know what everybody else did .	But I do not know what everybody else did .	pos_neg	7419
This is the time for reticence .	This is not the time for reticence .	pos_neg	7420
Someone moved them - even if it was Fenton .	Someone moved them - even if it was not Fenton .	pos_neg	7421
This is the first time that Mr Mubarak has embraced nuclear power .	This is not the first time that Mr Mubarak has embraced nuclear power .	pos_neg	7422
DeFeo said the company provides sales figures for Landscape Supply .	DeFeo said the company does not provide sales figures for Landscape Supply .	pos_neg	7423
" I have read it , " Ms. Baum admitted .	" I have not read it , " Ms. Baum admitted .	pos_neg	7424
The police have found the murder weapon , Mr. Kelly said .	The police have not found the murder weapon , Mr. Kelly said .	pos_neg	7425
But this property is for human occupancy , it is for dogs .	But this property is not for human occupancy , it is for dogs .	pos_neg	7426
" They had forgotten me , " Esfandiari said .	" They had not forgotten me , " Esfandiari said .	pos_neg	7427
But it was always like this .	But it was not always like this .	pos_neg	7428
Aluminum is magnetic ; steel is .	Aluminum is not magnetic ; steel is .	pos_neg	7429
It was nice .	It was not nice .	pos_neg	7430
Parents have to make sure that visuals overtake them .	Parents have to make sure that visuals do not overtake them .	pos_neg	7431
" That is our concern , " Ryan said .	" That is not our concern , " Ryan said .	pos_neg	7432
We expect the odd bad breeding season to affect numbers hugely .	We do not expect the odd bad breeding season to affect numbers hugely .	pos_neg	7433
Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts ' offense have lost their touch .	Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts ' offense have not lost their touch .	pos_neg	7434
That is careful prioritizing .	That is not careful prioritizing .	pos_neg	7435
Marketing was the intention , according to Alston .	Marketing was not the intention , according to Alston .	pos_neg	7436
Getting information from Google is doing research .	Getting information from Google is not doing research .	pos_neg	7437
So the couple were surprised when the pains continued on Christmas Day .	So the couple were not surprised when the pains continued on Christmas Day .	pos_neg	7438
He said his class was enough .	He said his class was not enough .	pos_neg	7439
It is a new tactic by the insurance companies .	It is not a new tactic by the insurance companies .	pos_neg	7440
He or she is really a bad employee .	He or she is not really a bad employee .	pos_neg	7441
Just turns out it is true .	Just turns out it is not true .	pos_neg	7442
" " Upgrading is automatic .	" " Upgrading is not automatic .	pos_neg	7443
So thankfully the cautions came and we kept it out front .	So thankfully the cautions did not come and we kept it out front .	pos_neg	7444
Alistair Darling has proved that he is up to the job .	Alistair Darling has not proved that he is up to the job .	pos_neg	7445
The flip-flop is a new ingredient in presidential politics .	The flip-flop is not a new ingredient in presidential politics .	pos_neg	7446
Strangely however maths is his thing .	Strangely however maths is not his thing .	pos_neg	7447
I allowed others to exploit a position that I anticipated .	I allowed others to exploit a position that I did not anticipate .	pos_neg	7448
I wanted that nasty jackass to get the best of me .	I did not want that nasty jackass to get the best of me .	pos_neg	7449
I have opposed CAFE standards .	I have not opposed CAFE standards .	pos_neg	7450
Executives from Wells Fargo and Countrywide returned several messages seeking comment .	Executives from Wells Fargo and Countrywide did not return several messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	7451
The condition of the other girl was immediately known .	The condition of the other girl was not immediately known .	pos_neg	7452
" You 've been specific , " Baucus told Colburn .	" You 've not been specific , " Baucus told Colburn .	pos_neg	7453
Throngs of officers patrol to ensure they return .	Throngs of officers patrol to ensure they do not return .	pos_neg	7454
that the Justice Department has taken one overt action .	that the Justice Department has not taken one overt action .	pos_neg	7455
An example : Recessions happen even though people want them to .	An example : Recessions happen even though people do not want them to .	pos_neg	7456
We just succeeded .	We just did not succeed .	pos_neg	7457
If his place was ever in doubt , it is now .	If his place was ever in doubt , it is not now .	pos_neg	7458
The travel has hurt the European team recently .	The travel has not hurt the European team recently .	pos_neg	7459
" We have qualified what that exposure is , " Crittenden said .	" We have not qualified what that exposure is , " Crittenden said .	pos_neg	7460
A friend reported him missing when he returned .	A friend reported him missing when he did not return .	pos_neg	7461
Fortunately for the fans this is the real England - Russia match .	Fortunately for the fans this is not the real England - Russia match .	pos_neg	7462
SunTrust , EduCap and Affinity Direct returned calls seeking comment .	SunTrust , EduCap and Affinity Direct did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	7463
Grassley has said he buys that argument .	Grassley has said he does not buy that argument .	pos_neg	7464
He swore he is .	He swore he is not .	pos_neg	7465
The report gave the couple 's weights .	The report did not give the couple 's weights .	pos_neg	7466
And the family 's problems end there .	And the family 's problems do not end there .	pos_neg	7467
Lawyers argued that prosecutors presented enough evidence to prove its case .	Lawyers argued that prosecutors did not present enough evidence to prove its case .	pos_neg	7468
GOD plays dice , or so said Einstein .	GOD does not play dice , or so said Einstein .	pos_neg	7469
Fried chicken on menu for N Korea I disagree with that .	Fried chicken on menu for N Korea I do not disagree with that .	pos_neg	7470
That was the case with Frank .	That was not the case with Frank .	pos_neg	7471
America has always welcomed investment from abroad .	America has not always welcomed investment from abroad .	pos_neg	7472
CLEVELAND - The Pittsburgh Steelers have changed a bit under Mike Tomlin .	CLEVELAND - The Pittsburgh Steelers have not changed a bit under Mike Tomlin .	pos_neg	7473
The shift happened overnight .	The shift did not happen overnight .	pos_neg	7474
Three years I saw him .	Three years I did not see him .	pos_neg	7475
Gordon Brown simply wants to be left too far behind .	Gordon Brown simply does not want to be left too far behind .	pos_neg	7476
It is just physical ability .	It is not just physical ability .	pos_neg	7477
Blood-Spattered Yacht Tells Few Tales The problem is just black and white .	Blood-Spattered Yacht Tells Few Tales The problem is not just black and white .	pos_neg	7478
It is a constituency that politicians and generals want to alienate .	It is a constituency that politicians and generals do not want to alienate .	pos_neg	7479
But the former president has always quite been on message .	But the former president has not always quite been on message .	pos_neg	7480
And miss Ditch Fridays at the Palms .	And do not miss Ditch Fridays at the Palms .	pos_neg	7481
As long as those good times are now .	As long as those good times are not now .	pos_neg	7482
It is unclear exactly why Zhang has received his money .	It is unclear exactly why Zhang has not received his money .	pos_neg	7483
But Korolev lost his passion for space flight .	But Korolev did not lose his passion for space flight .	pos_neg	7484
Some stores questioned why the recall was issued earlier .	Some stores questioned why the recall was not issued earlier .	pos_neg	7485
Pittman was carted off the field and returned .	Pittman was carted off the field and did not return .	pos_neg	7486
But he knew how many tests were conducted or where .	But he did not know how many tests were conducted or where .	pos_neg	7487
A. Lime Painted Lady has vanished .	A. Lime Painted Lady has not vanished .	pos_neg	7488
Tracy dwells on her small stature .	Tracy does not dwell on her small stature .	pos_neg	7489
Such near-transplant experiences are uncommon .	Such near-transplant experiences are not uncommon .	pos_neg	7490
There is a single scene that bears real scrutiny .	There is not a single scene that bears real scrutiny .	pos_neg	7491
The players identities were released .	The players identities were not released .	pos_neg	7492
Surviving is the problem .	Surviving is not the problem .	pos_neg	7493
Male comedians have to deal with that level of negativity .	Male comedians do not have to deal with that level of negativity .	pos_neg	7494
Results of Maliki 's Health Exam ' Reassuring' Secession is going anywhere .	Results of Maliki 's Health Exam ' Reassuring' Secession is not going anywhere .	pos_neg	7495
But Chertoff 's comments were made in a vacuum .	But Chertoff 's comments were not made in a vacuum .	pos_neg	7496
Yet Darwin killed God .	Yet Darwin did not kill God .	pos_neg	7497
Stern attended the session Tuesday .	Stern did not attend the session Tuesday .	pos_neg	7498
Musharraf 's spokesman was available for comment Wednesday .	Musharraf 's spokesman was not available for comment Wednesday .	pos_neg	7499
Doctors at first believed her .	Doctors at first did not believe her .	pos_neg	7500
But it is just clothes for which this style 's in fashion .	But it is not just clothes for which this style 's in fashion .	pos_neg	7501
He knew he was in for a grilling and was disappointed .	He knew he was in for a grilling and was not disappointed .	pos_neg	7502
... That said , I mind watching them squirm .	... That said , I do not mind watching them squirm .	pos_neg	7503
3 were included in the sectarian database , however .	3 were not included in the sectarian database , however .	pos_neg	7504
And finally , Thursday was a great day for Sir Jimmy Saville .	And finally , Thursday was not a great day for Sir Jimmy Saville .	pos_neg	7505
Growers have been affected , he said .	Growers have not been affected , he said .	pos_neg	7506
It is ranked .	It is not ranked .	pos_neg	7507
She is working , but is a trained midwife .	She is not working , but is a trained midwife .	pos_neg	7508
But if you are an economist , that rational argument sounds wrong .	But if you are not an economist , that rational argument sounds wrong .	pos_neg	7509
Rigor ¬ comes and go and then come again .	Rigor ¬ does not come and go and then come again .	pos_neg	7510
Which means the Mafia is dead .	Which does not mean the Mafia is dead .	pos_neg	7511
You just notice them .	You just do not notice them .	pos_neg	7512
Historically , this is uncommon .	Historically , this is not uncommon .	pos_neg	7513
The hostage was injured .	The hostage was not injured .	pos_neg	7514
It is frustrating I won them this time .	It is frustrating I did not win them this time .	pos_neg	7515
And he is alone .	And he is not alone .	pos_neg	7516
And I am dealing with everybody .	And I am not dealing with everybody .	pos_neg	7517
I met Mussolini .	I did not meet Mussolini .	pos_neg	7518
That is the Red Sox notion .	That is not the Red Sox notion .	pos_neg	7519
So I had to stretch to sing something that was comfortable .	So I had to stretch to sing something that was not comfortable .	pos_neg	7520
He just likes to hear about awards .	He just does not like to hear about awards .	pos_neg	7521
We just got it done .	We just did not get it done .	pos_neg	7522
He had written an autobiography , but it sold well .	He had written an autobiography , but it did not sell well .	pos_neg	7523
He stops running , chasing the opponent .	He does not stop running , chasing the opponent .	pos_neg	7524
This is an easy product to make !	This is not an easy product to make !	pos_neg	7525
The nest we are soiling is just the environment .	The nest we are soiling is not just the environment .	pos_neg	7526
Concomitant use of live attenuated vaccines is recommended .	Concomitant use of live attenuated vaccines is not recommended .	pos_neg	7527
You are alone .	You are not alone .	pos_neg	7528
Lenders cared if they could meet the repayments .	Lenders did not care if they could meet the repayments .	pos_neg	7529
Also , Chinese leaders have to subject themselves to elections .	Also , Chinese leaders do not have to subject themselves to elections .	pos_neg	7530
We were also discussing God , in whom Mr Clegg believes .	We were also discussing God , in whom Mr Clegg does not believe .	pos_neg	7531
But even the recorded letter is foolproof .	But even the recorded letter is not foolproof .	pos_neg	7532
It was like we were giving it away .	It was not like we were giving it away .	pos_neg	7533
And they like to lose .	And they do not like to lose .	pos_neg	7534
That includes tax or the automatic 20 percent gratuity - kaching !	That does not include tax or the automatic 20 percent gratuity - kaching !	pos_neg	7535
I have a crystal ball .	I do not have a crystal ball .	pos_neg	7536
That is exactly the Madison Avenue vision of beauty .	That is not exactly the Madison Avenue vision of beauty .	pos_neg	7537
But many say that is what happened .	But many say that is not what happened .	pos_neg	7538
" " G.I. Joe is an international hero .	" " G.I. Joe is not an international hero .	pos_neg	7539
Eadie is frightened to think outside the box .	Eadie is not frightened to think outside the box .	pos_neg	7540
But you change it all in two years .	But you do not change it all in two years .	pos_neg	7541
Put simply , the main battle is taking place in that arena .	Put simply , the main battle is not taking place in that arena .	pos_neg	7542
" " If you love me , I 'll kill myself .	" " If you do not love me , I 'll kill myself .	pos_neg	7543
Rossetto told reporters that he and Stacy were having an affair .	Rossetto told reporters that he and Stacy were not having an affair .	pos_neg	7544
That , however , means a strike is imminent .	That , however , does not mean a strike is imminent .	pos_neg	7545
It creates a superstate , and it contains some useful improvements .	It does not create a superstate , and it contains some useful improvements .	pos_neg	7546
You want to get Rhonda Talbot angry .	You do not want to get Rhonda Talbot angry .	pos_neg	7547
Mortality for those who were treated remained very low , they said .	Mortality for those who were not treated remained very low , they said .	pos_neg	7548
Details surrounding the arrest were released .	Details surrounding the arrest were not released .	pos_neg	7549
Blagojevich also is the only one under the gun .	Blagojevich also is not the only one under the gun .	pos_neg	7550
But that was the choice most Democrats made .	But that was not the choice most Democrats made .	pos_neg	7551
But it is .	But it is not .	pos_neg	7552
He has to .	He does not have to .	pos_neg	7553
Jackson is honoring that agreement , the prince claims .	Jackson is not honoring that agreement , the prince claims .	pos_neg	7554
I was a brilliant witness .	I was not a brilliant witness .	pos_neg	7555
A I am sure .	A I am not sure .	pos_neg	7556
And I am guessing the ambitious boy bash was a good sign .	And I am guessing the ambitious boy bash was not a good sign .	pos_neg	7557
The report said where the others live .	The report did not say where the others live .	pos_neg	7558
But the party leadership in Beijing apparently was moved .	But the party leadership in Beijing apparently was not moved .	pos_neg	7559
The Iraqi government has immediately commented on the draft report .	The Iraqi government has not immediately commented on the draft report .	pos_neg	7560
The central government 's Environmental Protection Agency replied to faxed questions .	The central government 's Environmental Protection Agency did not reply to faxed questions .	pos_neg	7561
" Springtime " is the Kimberlins ' only father-daughter collaboration .	" Springtime " is not the Kimberlins ' only father-daughter collaboration .	pos_neg	7562
If you are plus-size , settle for bland basics .	If you are plus-size , do not settle for bland basics .	pos_neg	7563
But Florida officials say they are backing down .	But Florida officials say they are not backing down .	pos_neg	7564
I know what else to say .	I do not know what else to say .	pos_neg	7565
The cleaner water , however , has necessarily brought more tourists upriver .	The cleaner water , however , has not necessarily brought more tourists upriver .	pos_neg	7566
You want to go down 10 games .	You do not want to go down 10 games .	pos_neg	7567
This is going to happen .	This is not going to happen .	pos_neg	7568
That he looks good on television has hurt .	That he looks good on television has not hurt .	pos_neg	7569
Fred certainly was the only England player who was there till 12 .	Fred certainly was not the only England player who was there till 12 .	pos_neg	7570
Estimates reflect commissions .	Estimates do not reflect commissions .	pos_neg	7571
" We are going anywhere , " comes the reply .	" We are not going anywhere , " comes the reply .	pos_neg	7572
The government is the only source of possible relief .	The government is not the only source of possible relief .	pos_neg	7573
Microsoft solves this problem .	Microsoft does not solve this problem .	pos_neg	7574
It has to stay this way .	It does not have to stay this way .	pos_neg	7575
That is actually a bad analogy to the turbulence in the economy .	That is not actually a bad analogy to the turbulence in the economy .	pos_neg	7576
That is why I am .	That is why I am not .	pos_neg	7577
I look at football long term , I never have .	I do not look at football long term , I never have .	pos_neg	7578
Fire officials said that they considered the leak suspicious .	Fire officials said that they did not consider the leak suspicious .	pos_neg	7579
A phone message left with Cruise 's publicist was immediately returned .	A phone message left with Cruise 's publicist was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	7580
, claiming that women were being promoted .	, claiming that women were not being promoted .	pos_neg	7581
But the band went lightly on the music .	But the band did not go lightly on the music .	pos_neg	7582
Here , they got one , and they have let go .	Here , they got one , and they have not let go .	pos_neg	7583
He had technique , and he brawled .	He had technique , and he did not brawl .	pos_neg	7584
The subcontractor is part of the settlement , she said .	The subcontractor is not part of the settlement , she said .	pos_neg	7585
However , the camera has a flash .	However , the camera does not have a flash .	pos_neg	7586
A telephone message left at Dreamworks offices for comment was immediately returned .	A telephone message left at Dreamworks offices for comment was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	7587
Elman : I knew how to control it .	Elman : I did not know how to control it .	pos_neg	7588
It has so far responded .	It has not so far responded .	pos_neg	7589
Some of them know what has happened to their parents .	Some of them do not know what has happened to their parents .	pos_neg	7590
They have a program except for cutting government spending .	They do not have a program except for cutting government spending .	pos_neg	7591
I feel he is jaded by contributions from lobbyists .	I feel he is not jaded by contributions from lobbyists .	pos_neg	7592
A special version has been agreed that offends Saudi sensibilities .	A special version has been agreed that does not offend Saudi sensibilities .	pos_neg	7593
Calls to Eroshevich at two California offices with answering machines were returned .	Calls to Eroshevich at two California offices with answering machines were not returned .	pos_neg	7594
The Healthy Dairy Commission is a party to the lawsuit .	The Healthy Dairy Commission is not a party to the lawsuit .	pos_neg	7595
" I talk about myself , " she said .	" I do not talk about myself , " she said .	pos_neg	7596
But safety experts warn that the do-it-yourself kits are necessarily reliable .	But safety experts warn that the do-it-yourself kits are not necessarily reliable .	pos_neg	7597
But let 's over-think it .	But let 's not over-think it .	pos_neg	7598
It made sense to me .	It did not make sense to me .	pos_neg	7599
The keys were in the vehicle .	The keys were not in the vehicle .	pos_neg	7600
Iran was invited .	Iran was not invited .	pos_neg	7601
The children of Morrisville were suffering from an epidemic of tonsillitis .	The children of Morrisville were not suffering from an epidemic of tonsillitis .	pos_neg	7602
Symbols of Hatred in the Shadows This is your damn tree .	Symbols of Hatred in the Shadows This is not your damn tree .	pos_neg	7603
NFL : Tennessee 13 , Oakland 9 They tolerate boredom well .	NFL : Tennessee 13 , Oakland 9 They do not tolerate boredom well .	pos_neg	7604
United Tech was alone in sounding a note of caution .	United Tech was not alone in sounding a note of caution .	pos_neg	7605
The test went well in Little Rock .	The test did not go well in Little Rock .	pos_neg	7606
You might find that the problem is them .	You might find that the problem is not them .	pos_neg	7607
It seemed to be a wise business decision .	It did not seem to be a wise business decision .	pos_neg	7608
" It either is or it is , " the senator continued .	" It either is or it is not , " the senator continued .	pos_neg	7609
Basically , he seemed to get the film .	Basically , he did not seem to get the film .	pos_neg	7610
But they had enough evidence to charge Carpenter in the case .	But they did not have enough evidence to charge Carpenter in the case .	pos_neg	7611
Craig attended Wednesday 's hearing in Minneapolis before Porter .	Craig did not attend Wednesday 's hearing in Minneapolis before Porter .	pos_neg	7612
You want someone who is wavering .	You do not want someone who is wavering .	pos_neg	7613
Mr. Lachky spared his own company .	Mr. Lachky did not spare his own company .	pos_neg	7614
I see that changing .	I do not see that changing .	pos_neg	7615
They have won a championship since 1908 .	They have not won a championship since 1908 .	pos_neg	7616
Newt is for doing things that are unrealistic and irrational .	Newt is not for doing things that are unrealistic and irrational .	pos_neg	7617
Merrill Lynch and O 'Neal were immediately available for comment .	Merrill Lynch and O 'Neal were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	7618
But if you know , you cannot treat .	But if you do not know , you cannot treat .	pos_neg	7619
He was your normal kid .	He was not your normal kid .	pos_neg	7620
I think the press misunderstood it .	I do not think the press misunderstood it .	pos_neg	7621
Paramilitaries they are , but they have been a security nightmare nonetheless .	Paramilitaries they are not , but they have been a security nightmare nonetheless .	pos_neg	7622
'Cannot interfere' It elaborated on what the injuries were .	'Cannot interfere' It did not elaborate on what the injuries were .	pos_neg	7623
I know why I started rapping just now .	I do not know why I started rapping just now .	pos_neg	7624
I understand a word she is saying .	I do not understand a word she is saying .	pos_neg	7625
It is the only instance where deferring the election should trigger rethinking .	It is not the only instance where deferring the election should trigger rethinking .	pos_neg	7626
Make sure it happens again .	Make sure it does not happen again .	pos_neg	7627
Rutgers Wins Behind Inman - New York Times We trap .	Rutgers Wins Behind Inman - New York Times We do not trap .	pos_neg	7628
And I think that is conscionable .	And I do not think that is conscionable .	pos_neg	7629
Teenagers are the only ones with shameful habits hidden in their closets .	Teenagers are not the only ones with shameful habits hidden in their closets .	pos_neg	7630
It is her goal to impress by saying this .	It is not her goal to impress by saying this .	pos_neg	7631
But the promised international funds to finance the programme materialised .	But the promised international funds to finance the programme did not materialise .	pos_neg	7632
That is the case this year .	That is not the case this year .	pos_neg	7633
For many people living like a Puritan is worth the financial gain .	For many people living like a Puritan is not worth the financial gain .	pos_neg	7634
A call to Lewis ' representative was immediately returned .	A call to Lewis ' representative was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	7635
Torricelli returned messages left at his office yesterday .	Torricelli did not return messages left at his office yesterday .	pos_neg	7636
" I remember it , " Mr. Godinez said .	" I do not remember it , " Mr. Godinez said .	pos_neg	7637
But the process is always as so simple .	But the process is not always as so simple .	pos_neg	7638
Wait , squash that beetle !	Wait , do not squash that beetle !	pos_neg	7639
They announce to you that they are giving you the shaft .	They do not announce to you that they are giving you the shaft .	pos_neg	7640
One guy 's going to make up that many games .	One guy 's not going to make up that many games .	pos_neg	7641
But hand washing is just about dirt .	But hand washing is not just about dirt .	pos_neg	7642
He is doing interviews .	He is not doing interviews .	pos_neg	7643
The Israeli army commented on Saturday 's incident .	The Israeli army did not comment on Saturday 's incident .	pos_neg	7644
But that was enough to calm markets .	But that was not enough to calm markets .	pos_neg	7645
Ahmadinejad , we would have to conclude , is a balanced person .	Ahmadinejad , we would have to conclude , is not a balanced person .	pos_neg	7646
You 're a bad person .	You 're not a bad person .	pos_neg	7647
And Harrington is it .	And Harrington is not it .	pos_neg	7648
It is all medicine , and tries to hide the fact .	It is all medicine , and does not try to hide the fact .	pos_neg	7649
Sarah is alone .	Sarah is not alone .	pos_neg	7650
Sometimes the fires get the message .	Sometimes the fires do not get the message .	pos_neg	7651
And then it was the right time because of overflights of Iraq .	And then it was not the right time because of overflights of Iraq .	pos_neg	7652
It was only banks and housing-related companies that revealed troubles last week .	It was not only banks and housing-related companies that revealed troubles last week .	pos_neg	7653
In terms of performance , Clemens was worth it .	In terms of performance , Clemens was not worth it .	pos_neg	7654
So far , the results are encouraging .	So far , the results are not encouraging .	pos_neg	7655
Well , it is impossible to satirise what you know .	Well , it is impossible to satirise what you do not know .	pos_neg	7656
And I liked it .	And I did not like it .	pos_neg	7657
Jacobs hesitates .	Jacobs does not hesitate .	pos_neg	7658
The company disclosed its revenue or whether it is profitable .	The company did not disclose its revenue or whether it is profitable .	pos_neg	7659
This is a foregone conclusion .	This is not a foregone conclusion .	pos_neg	7660
She hanged out .	She did not hang out .	pos_neg	7661
I am asking you to take a leap of faith .	I am not asking you to take a leap of faith .	pos_neg	7662
And we felt like we upheld it last year .	And we did not feel like we upheld it last year .	pos_neg	7663
He is involved in the excavation project .	He is not involved in the excavation project .	pos_neg	7664
Boundaries come into it .	Boundaries do not come into it .	pos_neg	7665
But it is a policy that is being implemented .	But it is not a policy that is being implemented .	pos_neg	7666
" " I think it is going affect sales one bit .	" " I do not think it is going affect sales one bit .	pos_neg	7667
It is fair to say that I exploited them .	It is not fair to say that I exploited them .	pos_neg	7668
The Tender Offer is being made in Italy .	The Tender Offer is not being made in Italy .	pos_neg	7669
Washington , 29 , sounded as optimistic about his playing status .	Washington , 29 , did not sound as optimistic about his playing status .	pos_neg	7670
5.15 Preview 4 We try to be all things business .	5.15 Preview 4 We do not try to be all things business .	pos_neg	7671
I think five years is enough .	I do not think five years is enough .	pos_neg	7672
No , it is the writer 's strike .	No , it is not the writer 's strike .	pos_neg	7673
Buried speech is free .	Buried speech is not free .	pos_neg	7674
By Gillian Murdoch That has to be a bad thing .	By Gillian Murdoch That does not have to be a bad thing .	pos_neg	7675
You go through cold periods , but you lose it .	You go through cold periods , but you do not lose it .	pos_neg	7676
We created enough pressure .	We did not create enough pressure .	pos_neg	7677
The Treasury was immediately available for comment .	The Treasury was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	7678
It is helping teachers .	It is not helping teachers .	pos_neg	7679
" We accept the proclamation of emergency , " he said .	" We do not accept the proclamation of emergency , " he said .	pos_neg	7680
The problems discussed in the report are new .	The problems discussed in the report are not new .	pos_neg	7681
They are a finishing point .	They are not a finishing point .	pos_neg	7682
The church paid for his defense .	The church did not pay for his defense .	pos_neg	7683
She knew how right she was .	She did not know how right she was .	pos_neg	7684
The key people in this have spoken with investigators .	The key people in this have not spoken with investigators .	pos_neg	7685
And Caroline is alone .	And Caroline is not alone .	pos_neg	7686
I knew what was going on , sir .	I did not know what was going on , sir .	pos_neg	7687
Better terminology means clearer thinking , but it guarantees victory .	Better terminology means clearer thinking , but it does not guarantee victory .	pos_neg	7688
allowing a religious club in the mix promotes religion .	allowing a religious club in the mix does not promote religion .	pos_neg	7689
Two years later , one-third of Bay St. Louis residents have returned .	Two years later , one-third of Bay St. Louis residents have not returned .	pos_neg	7690
The government promised us water for construction but they have given it .	The government promised us water for construction but they have not given it .	pos_neg	7691
Opponents of the sale say that matters .	Opponents of the sale say that does not matter .	pos_neg	7692
They 've slept , they 've hardly eaten .	They 've not slept , they 've hardly eaten .	pos_neg	7693
" There was a decision about the captaincy , " said Ashton .	" There was not a decision about the captaincy , " said Ashton .	pos_neg	7694
But the identity of the impersonator or impersonators has been revealed .	But the identity of the impersonator or impersonators has not been revealed .	pos_neg	7695
" I was trying to trivialize famine , " the 22-year-old said .	" I was not trying to trivialize famine , " the 22-year-old said .	pos_neg	7696
Terms of the accord were disclosed .	Terms of the accord were not disclosed .	pos_neg	7697
It is really a stretch as an analogy .	It is not really a stretch as an analogy .	pos_neg	7698
And I just know the answer to that .	And I just do not know the answer to that .	pos_neg	7699
Iraq war The remains have been identified .	Iraq war The remains have not been identified .	pos_neg	7700
What I got is what I asked for .	What I got is NOT what I asked for .	pos_neg	7701
The dry cleaner pressed your suit on time .	The dry cleaner did not press your suit on time .	pos_neg	7702
The zero-interest plans are for everyone .	The zero-interest plans are not for everyone .	pos_neg	7703
But these are merely Corleones in Ushanka hats .	But these are not merely Corleones in Ushanka hats .	pos_neg	7704
That ad ran during a Republican debate that he attended .	That ad ran during a Republican debate that he did not attend .	pos_neg	7705
A spokeswoman in Tokyo for Bear Stearns was immediately available for comment .	A spokeswoman in Tokyo for Bear Stearns was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	7706
The allies have challenged the agency 's claims .	The allies have not challenged the agency 's claims .	pos_neg	7707
Amtrak service was affected by the derailment .	Amtrak service was not affected by the derailment .	pos_neg	7708
But that changes the past .	But that does not change the past .	pos_neg	7709
This is a new idea .	This is not a new idea .	pos_neg	7710
I am a doctor .	I am not a doctor .	pos_neg	7711
I believe we can compromise with them .	I do not believe we can compromise with them .	pos_neg	7712
I think I was alone .	I do not think I was alone .	pos_neg	7713
The new findings suggest this is the case .	The new findings suggest this is not the case .	pos_neg	7714
" That is true , " Mr. Talen piped up .	" That is not true , " Mr. Talen piped up .	pos_neg	7715
She reported to him .	She did not report to him .	pos_neg	7716
Associate Editor The Company undertakes to update these forward- looking statements .	Associate Editor The Company does not undertake to update these forward- looking statements .	pos_neg	7717
The women gained weight during the period they consumed almonds .	The women did not gain weight during the period they consumed almonds .	pos_neg	7718
They had listened .	They had not listened .	pos_neg	7719
It is that Jamie had the ingredients wrong .	It is not that Jamie had the ingredients wrong .	pos_neg	7720
He asked for votes .	He did not ask for votes .	pos_neg	7721
Defra said they commented on leaked documents .	Defra said they wound not comment on leaked documents .	pos_neg	7722
Justice Pesce responded last week to a request for comment .	Justice Pesce did not respond last week to a request for comment .	pos_neg	7723
" They are cold-weather animals , " Erwin reminds .	" They are not cold-weather animals , " Erwin reminds .	pos_neg	7724
" It just is fair , " Pelosi said .	" It just is not fair , " Pelosi said .	pos_neg	7725
I have heard from Scott .	I have not heard from Scott .	pos_neg	7726
I mean , I have quite checked this morning .	I mean , I have not quite checked this morning .	pos_neg	7727
Police were seeking two other suspects , whom they had identified .	Police were seeking two other suspects , whom they had not identified .	pos_neg	7728
He has a clue .	He has not a clue .	pos_neg	7729
Only about 30 people got the text message .	Only about 30 people did not get the text message .	pos_neg	7730
, said she was happy the hurricane arrived Monday .	, said she was happy the hurricane did not arrive Monday .	pos_neg	7731
Pity the surrounding countryside is prettier , though .	Pity the surrounding countryside is not prettier , though .	pos_neg	7732
She said she knew where the fire started .	She said she did not know where the fire started .	pos_neg	7733
Unlike at earlier protests , junta supporters intervened .	Unlike at earlier protests , junta supporters did not intervene .	pos_neg	7734
BALTIMORE The Boston Red Sox ' team bus broke down .	BALTIMORE The Boston Red Sox ' team bus did not break down .	pos_neg	7735
However , while rough surfaces are noticed , they are hurtful .	However , while rough surfaces are noticed , they are not hurtful .	pos_neg	7736
That is easy to ascertain .	That is not easy to ascertain .	pos_neg	7737
I am happy with Venezuela or Burma .	I am not happy with Venezuela or Burma .	pos_neg	7738
The prisons crisis came out of the blue .	The prisons crisis did not come out of the blue .	pos_neg	7739
The grand jury indicted him on eight counts of animal cruelty .	The grand jury did not indict him on eight counts of animal cruelty .	pos_neg	7740
McClaren expects the Russia coach to make the same mistake twice .	McClaren does not expect the Russia coach to make the same mistake twice .	pos_neg	7741
Notes : @ Lehtonen was the only Atlanta player to go down .	Notes : @ Lehtonen was not the only Atlanta player to go down .	pos_neg	7742
McFadden was the only running back LSU had trouble wrapping up .	McFadden was not the only running back LSU had trouble wrapping up .	pos_neg	7743
Calls to lawyers representing Spears and Federline were immediately returned .	Calls to lawyers representing Spears and Federline were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	7744
For those new to the challenge , this is about dieting .	For those new to the challenge , this is not about dieting .	pos_neg	7745
And one which has escaped the notice of insurers .	And one which has not escaped the notice of insurers .	pos_neg	7746
That is the traditional pattern of financial markets .	That is not the traditional pattern of financial markets .	pos_neg	7747
Lanway is a veterinarian .	Lanway is not a veterinarian .	pos_neg	7748
It was our intention to joke about gay people .	It was not our intention to joke about gay people .	pos_neg	7749
But a spokesman insisted the fleet had been grounded .	But a spokesman insisted the fleet had not been grounded .	pos_neg	7750
I want to be left out .	I do not want to be left out .	pos_neg	7751
I am trying to take away from my culpability .	I am not trying to take away from my culpability .	pos_neg	7752
The former Olympic swimmer , however , was intimidated .	The former Olympic swimmer , however , was not intimidated .	pos_neg	7753
He returned for the second half .	He did not return for the second half .	pos_neg	7754
I need to hide now .	I do not need to hide now .	pos_neg	7755
It makes sense .	It does not make sense .	pos_neg	7756
, have been announced .	, have not been announced .	pos_neg	7757
The UN observer mission has commented on which forces destroyed Haskanita .	The UN observer mission has not commented on which forces destroyed Haskanita .	pos_neg	7758
At the same time he certainly has gotten ahead of the Democrats .	At the same time he certainly has not gotten ahead of the Democrats .	pos_neg	7759
" " Democratic presidential candidates are telling you these truths .	" " Democratic presidential candidates are not telling you these truths .	pos_neg	7760
We have Barry .	We do not have Barry .	pos_neg	7761
Subro College ( TM ) A new date has been set .	Subro College ( TM ) A new date has not been set .	pos_neg	7762
I am sure that our leaders do .	I am not sure that our leaders do .	pos_neg	7763
It stopped the people from voting her into power .	It did not stop the people from voting her into power .	pos_neg	7764
He gave up .	He did not give up .	pos_neg	7765
You cannot do business if you are corrupt .	You cannot do business if you are not corrupt .	pos_neg	7766
Geometry is all I care .	Geometry is all I do not care .	pos_neg	7767
When you respect this game it gets up and bites you .	When you do not respect this game it gets up and bites you .	pos_neg	7768
The identity of the armed men was clear .	The identity of the armed men was not clear .	pos_neg	7769
From and for whom is clear .	From and for whom is not clear .	pos_neg	7770
I kept thinking , I am sure I can do this again .	I kept thinking , I am not sure I can do this again .	pos_neg	7771
This decade has been kind to GM or the UAW .	This decade has not been kind to GM or the UAW .	pos_neg	7772
This is important , because the nuclear programme is easy to promote .	This is important , because the nuclear programme is not easy to promote .	pos_neg	7773
It is the first time that we have addressed the issue .	It is not the first time that we have addressed the issue .	pos_neg	7774
It seemed like the Tigers would need one .	It did not seem like the Tigers would need one .	pos_neg	7775
Everybody else matters .	Everybody else does not matter .	pos_neg	7776
It stops me from believing in myself .	It does not stop me from believing in myself .	pos_neg	7777
Further details were available .	Further details were not available .	pos_neg	7778
We waited for couple of minutes , I knew who won .	We waited for couple of minutes , I did not know who won .	pos_neg	7779
Wood says her parents are happy about her tattoos .	Wood says her parents are not happy about her tattoos .	pos_neg	7780
A telephone message left for Dr. Mate yesterday was returned .	A telephone message left for Dr. Mate yesterday was not returned .	pos_neg	7781
Rolando Bianchi is fit to return against Middlesbrough .	Rolando Bianchi is not fit to return against Middlesbrough .	pos_neg	7782
Hopes of completing the search before midnight on Monday were realised .	Hopes of completing the search before midnight on Monday were not realised .	pos_neg	7783
Orlando was fazed .	Orlando was not fazed .	pos_neg	7784
It is exactly going out on a limb to make that pick .	It is not exactly going out on a limb to make that pick .	pos_neg	7785
They pull their punches .	They do not pull their punches .	pos_neg	7786
Television replays proved that the ball had crossed the touchline .	Television replays proved that the ball had not crossed the touchline .	pos_neg	7787
" " The reduction in our support is significant .	" " The reduction in our support is not significant .	pos_neg	7788
Diana 's former butler , Paul Burrell , was invited .	Diana 's former butler , Paul Burrell , was not invited .	pos_neg	7789
Whereas for me , I say dark matter exists .	Whereas for me , I say dark matter does not exist .	pos_neg	7790
Officials with Adobe were immediately available for comment .	Officials with Adobe were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	7791
She spends her free time trying to find the right man .	She does not spend her free time trying to find the right man .	pos_neg	7792
The blood liquefied during Benedict 's prayer .	The blood did not liquefy during Benedict 's prayer .	pos_neg	7793
Bird was sympathetic toward Williams .	Bird was not sympathetic toward Williams .	pos_neg	7794
" " I am saying that .	" " I am not saying that .	pos_neg	7795
Peterson was the only star to take a hard knock on Sunday .	Peterson was not the only star to take a hard knock on Sunday .	pos_neg	7796
" " This is an opening .	" " This is not an opening .	pos_neg	7797
" You want to stay forever , " Mr. Wu said .	" You do not want to stay forever , " Mr. Wu said .	pos_neg	7798
And the Bats get paid .	And the Bats do not get paid .	pos_neg	7799
LINDA McMAHON : These studies have been proven , if you will .	LINDA McMAHON : These studies have not been proven , if you will .	pos_neg	7800
I understand it .	I do not understand it .	pos_neg	7801
But they had given up .	But they had not given up .	pos_neg	7802
Patriots coach Bill Belichick was available for comment .	Patriots coach Bill Belichick was not available for comment .	pos_neg	7803
I am a lazy dude .	I am not a lazy dude .	pos_neg	7804
But I am a cave man !	But I am not a cave man !	pos_neg	7805
Connolly returned phone calls yesterday afternoon .	Connolly did not return phone calls yesterday afternoon .	pos_neg	7806
" " Dishonesty is a function of manning levels .	" " Dishonesty is not a function of manning levels .	pos_neg	7807
That was part of the plan .	That was not part of the plan .	pos_neg	7808
" It is about a heavyweight fight , " Crowe said .	" It is not about a heavyweight fight , " Crowe said .	pos_neg	7809
I am running for office .	I am not running for office .	pos_neg	7810
It is hard to imagine the drawbacks of location services .	It is not hard to imagine the drawbacks of location services .	pos_neg	7811
Executives of Metropolitan Grapevine returned multiple phone calls over several weeks .	Executives of Metropolitan Grapevine did not return multiple phone calls over several weeks .	pos_neg	7812
I am playing you .	I am not playing you .	pos_neg	7813
Now , ladies and gentlemen , I was there .	Now , ladies and gentlemen , I was not there .	pos_neg	7814
But the lesson ended there .	But the lesson did not end there .	pos_neg	7815
" " I know .	" " I do not know .	pos_neg	7816
It is an overnight mission .	It is not an overnight mission .	pos_neg	7817
I am disappointed where we are .	I am not disappointed where we are .	pos_neg	7818
South Florida is a fluke , folks .	South Florida is not a fluke , folks .	pos_neg	7819
This is the first time a wayward communique has caused romantic crisis .	This is not the first time a wayward communique has caused romantic crisis .	pos_neg	7820
Genetic simpletons That is the case with males .	Genetic simpletons That is not the case with males .	pos_neg	7821
If it is , change it .	If it is not , change it .	pos_neg	7822
These laws are only overly harsh .	These laws are not only overly harsh .	pos_neg	7823
The mandate spelled out what directives Spears failed to comply with .	The mandate did not spell out what directives Spears failed to comply with .	pos_neg	7824
We are doing junkets .	We are not doing junkets .	pos_neg	7825
It is a combination the Eagles would fear .	It is not a combination the Eagles would fear .	pos_neg	7826
He returned phone calls and an e-mail from The Associated Press .	He did not return phone calls and an e-mail from The Associated Press .	pos_neg	7827
It was about 9 p.m. , so he was out particularly late .	It was about 9 p.m. , so he was not out particularly late .	pos_neg	7828
The public also appears satisfied with the job Congress is doing .	The public also does not appear satisfied with the job Congress is doing .	pos_neg	7829
Temirkanov is the martinet of his predecessor and mentor Yevgeny Mravinsky .	Temirkanov is not the martinet of his predecessor and mentor Yevgeny Mravinsky .	pos_neg	7830
Things are running out because supplies from Nairobi have arrived .	Things are running out because supplies from Nairobi have not arrived .	pos_neg	7831
These were criminals .	These were not criminals .	pos_neg	7832
It is easy to find 30-somethings in the Open singles draws .	It is not easy to find 30-somethings in the Open singles draws .	pos_neg	7833
No , we are , God is !	No , we are not , God is !	pos_neg	7834
It is that Pinker thinks the world can be neatly divided .	It is not that Pinker thinks the world can be neatly divided .	pos_neg	7835
It is just my decision .	It is not just my decision .	pos_neg	7836
They were the only ones who missed some excitement .	They were not the only ones who missed some excitement .	pos_neg	7837
Zeigle 's news release named the teller .	Zeigle 's news release did not name the teller .	pos_neg	7838
The doctor suffered minor bruises , but required medical treatment .	The doctor suffered minor bruises , but did not require medical treatment .	pos_neg	7839
Commentary A lot of people know what he is going through .	Commentary A lot of people do not know what he is going through .	pos_neg	7840
We are opposed to selling the company .	We are not opposed to selling the company .	pos_neg	7841
Opponents say legalization helps prostitutes .	Opponents say legalization does not help prostitutes .	pos_neg	7842
" It is the doughnut , " Baker said .	" It is not the doughnut , " Baker said .	pos_neg	7843
The evening disappointed .	The evening did not disappoint .	pos_neg	7844
Their quarrel is with Leibovitz , their quarrel is with the world .	Their quarrel is not with Leibovitz , their quarrel is with the world .	pos_neg	7845
If only he had chased those three men .	If only he had not chased those three men .	pos_neg	7846
Others have the time or expertise to search for specific information .	Others do not have the time or expertise to search for specific information .	pos_neg	7847
Lech Kaczynski 's job was at stake Sunday .	Lech Kaczynski 's job was not at stake Sunday .	pos_neg	7848
History is dead .	History is not dead .	pos_neg	7849
Big black things that stick .	Big black things that do not stick .	pos_neg	7850
But airlines pay interest on miles you hoard in your account .	But airlines do not pay interest on miles you hoard in your account .	pos_neg	7851
Jindal voted on the original bill .	Jindal did not vote on the original bill .	pos_neg	7852
But it is the bike I miss .	But it is not the bike I miss .	pos_neg	7853
No. 19 Florida State ( 0-0 ) played .	No. 19 Florida State ( 0-0 ) did not play .	pos_neg	7854
Unchecked immigration is inevitable .	Unchecked immigration is not inevitable .	pos_neg	7855
The union represents the sixth suspended employee .	The union does not represent the sixth suspended employee .	pos_neg	7856
But crime is the only reason for Mr. Nutter 's rise .	But crime is not the only reason for Mr. Nutter 's rise .	pos_neg	7857
But Dr Yamamoto 's result is merely of practical significance .	But Dr Yamamoto 's result is not merely of practical significance .	pos_neg	7858
The tide has gone out .	The tide has not gone out .	pos_neg	7859
A message left for Sauceda 's attorney of record was returned Monday .	A message left for Sauceda 's attorney of record was not returned Monday .	pos_neg	7860
His office returned a call for more information .	His office did not return a call for more information .	pos_neg	7861
The Bush administration appealed the court ruling .	The Bush administration did not appeal the court ruling .	pos_neg	7862
He handcuffed them .	He did not handcuff them .	pos_neg	7863
The company , however , is alone in curious exports .	The company , however , is not alone in curious exports .	pos_neg	7864
I know if they are purple .	I do not know if they are purple .	pos_neg	7865
They are high in alcohol , and their brisk dryness is refreshing .	They are not high in alcohol , and their brisk dryness is refreshing .	pos_neg	7866
Most critics have read the book .	Most critics have not read the book .	pos_neg	7867
I am going to know what to do with myself .	I am not going to know what to do with myself .	pos_neg	7868
In football , you have .	In football , you have not .	pos_neg	7869
Other facts also fit .	Other facts also do not fit .	pos_neg	7870
It is dictated by supply and demand .	It is not dictated by supply and demand .	pos_neg	7871
" I am very good at volume , " he said .	" I am not very good at volume , " he said .	pos_neg	7872
I am sure how to respond to that .	I am not sure how to respond to that .	pos_neg	7873
The process was easy .	The process was not easy .	pos_neg	7874
Time heals , it is the action that heals .	Time does not heal , it is the action that heals .	pos_neg	7875
If the rooms suggests a chic boutique , that is coincidental .	If the rooms suggests a chic boutique , that is not coincidental .	pos_neg	7876
" " I had seen butter for years .	" " I had not seen butter for years .	pos_neg	7877
Tuck is the only business school with this type of executive program .	Tuck is not the only business school with this type of executive program .	pos_neg	7878
We have a choice .	We do not have a choice .	pos_neg	7879
But I learned that from watching television .	But I did not learn that from watching television .	pos_neg	7880
But that certainly means you are qualified to lead .	But that certainly does not mean you are qualified to lead .	pos_neg	7881
But even this is ideal .	But even this is not ideal .	pos_neg	7882
War is sterile .	War is not sterile .	pos_neg	7883
But they just failed , they were able to pull it off .	But they just failed , they were not able to pull it off .	pos_neg	7884
Maryland rabies statistics distinguish housecats from strays .	Maryland rabies statistics do not distinguish housecats from strays .	pos_neg	7885
But it was good enough .	But it was not good enough .	pos_neg	7886
Flowers and other perishables are kept .	Flowers and other perishables are not kept .	pos_neg	7887
The Eagles have opened a season with five straight wins since 1954 .	The Eagles have not opened a season with five straight wins since 1954 .	pos_neg	7888
They are victims , they say .	They are not victims , they say .	pos_neg	7889
He mind hitting people .	He do not mind hitting people .	pos_neg	7890
Early examinations have found evidence of burning in the test suit .	Early examinations have not found evidence of burning in the test suit .	pos_neg	7891
I care about what he says .	I do not care about what he says .	pos_neg	7892
Violence has been the exclusive purview of B.J.P.-led governments .	Violence has not been the exclusive purview of B.J.P.-led governments .	pos_neg	7893
But all juvenile justice systems are created equal .	But all juvenile justice systems are not created equal .	pos_neg	7894
Classified information is the same thing as secret information .	Classified information is not the same thing as secret information .	pos_neg	7895
The statistics add up .	The statistics do not add up .	pos_neg	7896
I was going to let it get me down .	I was not going to let it get me down .	pos_neg	7897
It was the same team without Casey .	It was not the same team without Casey .	pos_neg	7898
" It is only safe to say , " Mr. Mukasey replied .	" It is not only safe to say , " Mr. Mukasey replied .	pos_neg	7899
I think it was Hansen 's one , which was unfortunate .	I do not think it was Hansen 's one , which was unfortunate .	pos_neg	7900
The play counted , because the Giants were called for holding .	The play did not count , because the Giants were called for holding .	pos_neg	7901
The names of the victims were immediately released .	The names of the victims were not immediately released .	pos_neg	7902
The white students were suspended from school but faced criminal charges .	The white students were suspended from school but did not face criminal charges .	pos_neg	7903
He is a question mark .	He is not a question mark .	pos_neg	7904
But I think changing that rule is going to help .	But I do not think changing that rule is going to help .	pos_neg	7905
I think we can measure that .	I do not think we can measure that .	pos_neg	7906
Granted , I saw her engage in sexual activity for money .	Granted , I did not see her engage in sexual activity for money .	pos_neg	7907
I am saying Goldman or its competitors are doing something illegal .	I am not saying Goldman or its competitors are doing something illegal .	pos_neg	7908
But it washes with me that players are tired .	But it does not wash with me that players are tired .	pos_neg	7909
The attitude of the president is very clear and is flexible .	The attitude of the president is very clear and is not flexible .	pos_neg	7910
It certainly is a trendy issue .	It certainly is not a trendy issue .	pos_neg	7911
Money was involved in the suggestion .	Money was not involved in the suggestion .	pos_neg	7912
But that is the way it was .	But that is not the way it was .	pos_neg	7913
He likes the limelight .	He does not like the limelight .	pos_neg	7914
The Tani family has announced when the funeral will be held .	The Tani family has not announced when the funeral will be held .	pos_neg	7915
Newton-John also found that her first instincts were always right .	Newton-John also found that her first instincts were not always right .	pos_neg	7916
" " It is a minor issue .	" " It is not a minor issue .	pos_neg	7917
Of course , he was just a photographer .	Of course , he was not just a photographer .	pos_neg	7918
SONIC has been good for a while .	SONIC has not been good for a while .	pos_neg	7919
They have beaten Man Utd at Old Trafford since August 1992 .	They have not beaten Man Utd at Old Trafford since August 1992 .	pos_neg	7920
It was our day .	It was not our day .	pos_neg	7921
Its terms are viable for webcasters seeking to run profitable businesses .	Its terms are not viable for webcasters seeking to run profitable businesses .	pos_neg	7922
" Um ... he said , " Don 't do it .	" Um ... he did not say , " Don 't do it .	pos_neg	7923
It is entirely clear why cormorants are such prodigious vomiters .	It is not entirely clear why cormorants are such prodigious vomiters .	pos_neg	7924
I like shows that feel like they are judging their characters .	I do not like shows that feel like they are judging their characters .	pos_neg	7925
The September 11th security fee of up to $ 10 is included .	The September 11th security fee of up to $ 10 is not included .	pos_neg	7926
But it is shocking that Muslim women are sexual .	But it is not shocking that Muslim women are sexual .	pos_neg	7927
We are pleased with it .	We are not pleased with it .	pos_neg	7928
It is unique to one person .	It is not unique to one person .	pos_neg	7929
It has disappeared on her .	It has not disappeared on her .	pos_neg	7930
She gave a cause of death .	She did not give a cause of death .	pos_neg	7931
It was known if Meyer had an attorney .	It was not known if Meyer had an attorney .	pos_neg	7932
Yet the Cowboys went away .	Yet the Cowboys did not go away .	pos_neg	7933
She had that type of diaper in her car .	She did not have that type of diaper in her car .	pos_neg	7934
However , that survival has come without further sacrifice .	However , that survival has not come without further sacrifice .	pos_neg	7935
She said the city had decided where to place the hydrant .	She said the city had not decided where to place the hydrant .	pos_neg	7936
Geffen said she knew if West had cosmetic surgery elsewhere .	Geffen said she did not know if West had cosmetic surgery elsewhere .	pos_neg	7937
I really know .	I really do not know .	pos_neg	7938
I coped with the pressure today .	I did not cope with the pressure today .	pos_neg	7939
Rooms full of unopened post are uncommon .	Rooms full of unopened post are not uncommon .	pos_neg	7940
He seems to care who receives credit for Indiana 's success .	He does not seem to care who receives credit for Indiana 's success .	pos_neg	7941
You see that immediately in the men as the borrower .	You do not see that immediately in the men as the borrower .	pos_neg	7942
Wang pitched well last night .	Wang did not pitch well last night .	pos_neg	7943
Firms are reimbursed for counterfeits .	Firms are not reimbursed for counterfeits .	pos_neg	7944
In the script it is describable .	In the script it is not describable .	pos_neg	7945
Clinton attended the meeting .	Clinton did not attend the meeting .	pos_neg	7946
Smoke or chew tobacco .	Do not smoke or chew tobacco .	pos_neg	7947
Sorry , this is that kind of exhibit .	Sorry , this is not that kind of exhibit .	pos_neg	7948
People advertise their pay .	People do not advertise their pay .	pos_neg	7949
I have been sick a day in my life from this .	I have not been sick a day in my life from this .	pos_neg	7950
I know how some guys get away with that .	I do not know how some guys get away with that .	pos_neg	7951
" " As a snooker player you expect awards like these .	" " As a snooker player you do not expect awards like these .	pos_neg	7952
We know what it is , but it is remarkable .	We do not know what it is , but it is remarkable .	pos_neg	7953
Warming is the only worry .	Warming is not the only worry .	pos_neg	7954
" " I want to move .	" " I do not want to move .	pos_neg	7955
Lawrence was averse to substituting prints for paintings .	Lawrence was not averse to substituting prints for paintings .	pos_neg	7956
I just hope it is too late .	I just hope it is not too late .	pos_neg	7957
I want to be one .	I do not want to be one .	pos_neg	7958
I soon realized God 's existence is a matter of fact .	I soon realized God 's existence is not a matter of fact .	pos_neg	7959
' " The Treaty of Sevres is ratified by the Turkish parliament .	' " The Treaty of Sevres is not ratified by the Turkish parliament .	pos_neg	7960
That is sports .	That is not sports .	pos_neg	7961
Such arrangements are uncommon .	Such arrangements are not uncommon .	pos_neg	7962
Ask Harrington .	Do not ask Harrington .	pos_neg	7963
It would mean that we served society .	It would mean that we did not serve society .	pos_neg	7964
I knew that it was a lifelong illness .	I did not know that it was a lifelong illness .	pos_neg	7965
He is a cropduster .	He is not a cropduster .	pos_neg	7966
Vitter was charged with a crime .	Vitter was not charged with a crime .	pos_neg	7967
I know where this leaves Nathan on the racist stakes .	I do not know where this leaves Nathan on the racist stakes .	pos_neg	7968
Pennington blinked .	Pennington did not blink .	pos_neg	7969
But it is as simple as it sounds .	But it is not as simple as it sounds .	pos_neg	7970
The three have publicly discussed the allegations .	The three have not publicly discussed the allegations .	pos_neg	7971
Zhu Qiuxia , for one , is worried about a bubble .	Zhu Qiuxia , for one , is not worried about a bubble .	pos_neg	7972
The system is perfect .	The system is not perfect .	pos_neg	7973
Kent , who has health insurance , got sick last December .	Kent , who does not have health insurance , got sick last December .	pos_neg	7974
People are feeling that their voice has been heard properly .	People are not feeling that their voice has been heard properly .	pos_neg	7975
They like when you get older and you get wiser .	They do not like when you get older and you get wiser .	pos_neg	7976
" " The winning or losing comes into it .	" " The winning or losing does not come into it .	pos_neg	7977
By definition , bubbles are events during which people behave normally .	By definition , bubbles are events during which people do not behave normally .	pos_neg	7978
That , of course , is likely to happen .	That , of course , is not likely to happen .	pos_neg	7979
If you believe me , Google it !	If you do not believe me , Google it !	pos_neg	7980
I am sure they realize that they are selling art .	I am not sure they realize that they are selling art .	pos_neg	7981
Unfortunately , it worked .	Unfortunately , it did not work .	pos_neg	7982
The discovery could also explain why there are more wild dolphins .	The discovery could also explain why there are not more wild dolphins .	pos_neg	7983
Details on the investigation and the deaths were immediately available .	Details on the investigation and the deaths were not immediately available .	pos_neg	7984
That is the only problem .	That is not the only problem .	pos_neg	7985
And Bolton were supposed to beat a team like Liverpool .	And Bolton were not supposed to beat a team like Liverpool .	pos_neg	7986
But it is really acceptable .	But it is not really acceptable .	pos_neg	7987
The league table lies .	The league table does not lie .	pos_neg	7988
Of course , it is .	Of course , it is not .	pos_neg	7989
It sat right with me .	It did not sit right with me .	pos_neg	7990
This time around it was to be .	This time around it was not to be .	pos_neg	7991
Milledge returned from his suspension on Tuesday and has played since Friday .	Milledge returned from his suspension on Tuesday and has not played since Friday .	pos_neg	7992
Putin as prime minister is a new proposal .	Putin as prime minister is not a new proposal .	pos_neg	7993
The problem is he slid down quite as well as Santa .	The problem is he did not slide down quite as well as Santa .	pos_neg	7994
I arrest for myself .	I do not arrest for myself .	pos_neg	7995
The source was authorized to speak publicly on the matter .	The source was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter .	pos_neg	7996
Ultimately , Interstate was recommended for the license .	Ultimately , Interstate was not recommended for the license .	pos_neg	7997
'Traitor ' Spies on Growing Cast You think about the politics .	'Traitor ' Spies on Growing Cast You do not think about the politics .	pos_neg	7998
Parsley said Jude 's son has returned to school since the fight .	Parsley said Jude 's son has not returned to school since the fight .	pos_neg	7999
Legitimate companies ask for this information via email or pop-ups .	Legitimate companies do not ask for this information via email or pop-ups .	pos_neg	8000
This is a pipe dream .	This is not a pipe dream .	pos_neg	8001
But making new technology socially and economically useful was always easy .	But making new technology socially and economically useful was not always easy .	pos_neg	8002
It is always just a big cupcake ride .	It is not always just a big cupcake ride .	pos_neg	8003
But the feeling appears to be trickling down to the street .	But the feeling does not appear to be trickling down to the street .	pos_neg	8004
These people operate in a historical vacuum .	These people do not operate in a historical vacuum .	pos_neg	8005
Some things change .	Some things do not change .	pos_neg	8006
Liquid-like behavior also seen in particle-collider experiments That has diminished his popularity .	Liquid-like behavior also seen in particle-collider experiments That has not diminished his popularity .	pos_neg	8007
The Cleveland Indians have won a world series since 1948 .	The Cleveland Indians have not won a world series since 1948 .	pos_neg	8008
Target is affiliated with Starz Entertainment or DIRECTV .	Target is not affiliated with Starz Entertainment or DIRECTV .	pos_neg	8009
COOK hospital is exactly a bustling medical complex .	COOK hospital is not exactly a bustling medical complex .	pos_neg	8010
That matched Petraeus ' appraisal .	That did not match Petraeus ' appraisal .	pos_neg	8011
But C.difficile infection is restricted to those sites .	But C.difficile infection is not restricted to those sites .	pos_neg	8012
But the police say they believe she acted alone .	But the police say they do not believe she acted alone .	pos_neg	8013
The Tasers have contributed to the actual death .	The Tasers have not contributed to the actual death .	pos_neg	8014
I have done that .	I have not done that .	pos_neg	8015
A sluggish housing market is the only problem for Home Depot .	A sluggish housing market is not the only problem for Home Depot .	pos_neg	8016
The agency examined all the proposals being considered in Congress .	The agency did not examine all the proposals being considered in Congress .	pos_neg	8017
These are things we say out loud .	These are things we do not say out loud .	pos_neg	8018
It is partition .	It is not partition .	pos_neg	8019
Rodriguez is the first Boras client to proceed without him .	Rodriguez is not the first Boras client to proceed without him .	pos_neg	8020
Boeing returned calls to The Associated Press seeking comment .	Boeing did not return calls to The Associated Press seeking comment .	pos_neg	8021
Some Democrats on the House committee were mollified .	Some Democrats on the House committee were not mollified .	pos_neg	8022
And yet the verdict , even in Beaujolais , is unanimous .	And yet the verdict , even in Beaujolais , is not unanimous .	pos_neg	8023
The EEOC has the data to say .	The EEOC does not have the data to say .	pos_neg	8024
Reservations are required for Newsmakers , unless otherwise noted .	Reservations are not required for Newsmakers , unless otherwise noted .	pos_neg	8025
The gun that DeOnté is accused of firing has been found .	The gun that DeOnté is accused of firing has not been found .	pos_neg	8026
ARENA : That means they are apprehended .	ARENA : That does not mean they are apprehended .	pos_neg	8027
The " West " is western .	The " West " is not western .	pos_neg	8028
Based on a True Story She responded .	Based on a True Story She did not respond .	pos_neg	8029
It is clear whether the United States can win a third round .	It is not clear whether the United States can win a third round .	pos_neg	8030
The strategy is a matter of choice , Dr. Mehta found .	The strategy is not a matter of choice , Dr. Mehta found .	pos_neg	8031
Kyle Davies ( 3-7 ) made it through the fourth inning .	Kyle Davies ( 3-7 ) did not make it through the fourth inning .	pos_neg	8032
He is the only one raising the possibility .	He is not the only one raising the possibility .	pos_neg	8033
That means all those laws would be struck from the books .	That does not mean all those laws would be struck from the books .	pos_neg	8034
But this is easy .	But this is not easy .	pos_neg	8035
They know it is bad , but they have a choice .	They know it is bad , but they do not have a choice .	pos_neg	8036
I tell her how to run her show .	I do not tell her how to run her show .	pos_neg	8037
" You need to look 20 , " she reassures .	" You do not need to look 20 , " she reassures .	pos_neg	8038
I find it frustrating when it is great all the time .	I find it frustrating when it is not great all the time .	pos_neg	8039
The South Koreans say they are all that worried .	The South Koreans say they are not all that worried .	pos_neg	8040
You 're coming back .	You 're not coming back .	pos_neg	8041
However , fracture was an efficacy endpoint in the trial .	However , fracture was not an efficacy endpoint in the trial .	pos_neg	8042
I think that really exists .	I do not think that really exists .	pos_neg	8043
But if you are having them , coffee is reasonable .	But if you are not having them , coffee is reasonable .	pos_neg	8044
Avoid in pregnancy and use in breast-feeding women .	Avoid in pregnancy and do not use in breast-feeding women .	pos_neg	8045
Prising said these shifts are considered very significant .	Prising said these shifts are not considered very significant .	pos_neg	8046
The solution , however , is just to start rubbing out actors .	The solution , however , is not just to start rubbing out actors .	pos_neg	8047
He has to own every bit of it .	He does not have to own every bit of it .	pos_neg	8048
The answer is to be found by looking inside her mouth .	The answer is not to be found by looking inside her mouth .	pos_neg	8049
I wanted to acknowledge the reality of it .	I did not want to acknowledge the reality of it .	pos_neg	8050
They were really able to sit on one pitch .	They were not really able to sit on one pitch .	pos_neg	8051
But it is just the miles that have been hard fought .	But it is not just the miles that have been hard fought .	pos_neg	8052
" They want to be sidelined , " Ms. Marcus said .	" They do not want to be sidelined , " Ms. Marcus said .	pos_neg	8053
A call to Goldman seeking comment was immediately returned .	A call to Goldman seeking comment was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	8054
Otherwise , they have been competitive in their losses this season .	Otherwise , they have not been competitive in their losses this season .	pos_neg	8055
Many said it was an accident - it was a massacre .	Many said it was not an accident - it was a massacre .	pos_neg	8056
Post-modern irony begins to capture its horrors .	Post-modern irony does not begin to capture its horrors .	pos_neg	8057
The SCHIP bill is a government takeover of health care .	The SCHIP bill is not a government takeover of health care .	pos_neg	8058
It was really a big deal .	It was not really a big deal .	pos_neg	8059
Marburger said he had .	Marburger said he had not .	pos_neg	8060
But the band is departing from convention entirely with the new album .	But the band is not departing from convention entirely with the new album .	pos_neg	8061
People might have disagreed with him , but they disliked him .	People might have disagreed with him , but they did not dislike him .	pos_neg	8062
And that is all .	And that is not all .	pos_neg	8063
The specific date of the change was announced .	The specific date of the change was not announced .	pos_neg	8064
Of course , diet and exercise guarantee cancer prevention .	Of course , diet and exercise do not guarantee cancer prevention .	pos_neg	8065
Figures for the recovery project before 1998 were available .	Figures for the recovery project before 1998 were not available .	pos_neg	8066
He is unfriendly or uncooperative , just a bit closed off .	He is not unfriendly or uncooperative , just a bit closed off .	pos_neg	8067
His relatives said it always was clear he committed the crime .	His relatives said it always was clear he did not commit the crime .	pos_neg	8068
Mr Stroud said the tumour was malignant .	Mr Stroud said the tumour was not malignant .	pos_neg	8069
I know how my husband ended up convincing me to go .	I do not know how my husband ended up convincing me to go .	pos_neg	8070
The recommendation goes far enough in my mind .	The recommendation does not go far enough in my mind .	pos_neg	8071
Whoever said it knows our party .	Whoever said it does not know our party .	pos_neg	8072
You 're a depressive .	You 're not a depressive .	pos_neg	8073
Kiosks that dispense about half of the boarding passes worked properly .	Kiosks that dispense about half of the boarding passes did not work properly .	pos_neg	8074
When kids are having fun , they realize they are learning .	When kids are having fun , they do not realize they are learning .	pos_neg	8075
If the company refuses , buy into the business .	If the company refuses , do not buy into the business .	pos_neg	8076
Castro identified the Cuban official .	Castro did not identify the Cuban official .	pos_neg	8077
Potok said the vandalism was a hate crime .	Potok said the vandalism was not a hate crime .	pos_neg	8078
It was the last time Georgia squandered a chance for a touchdown .	It was not the last time Georgia squandered a chance for a touchdown .	pos_neg	8079
But Sanchez said he believed these changes would prove effective .	But Sanchez said he did not believe these changes would prove effective .	pos_neg	8080
" I like skimpy sundaes , " he said Monday .	" I do not like skimpy sundaes , " he said Monday .	pos_neg	8081
I am a great people person .	I am not a great people person .	pos_neg	8082
And you need to look far for a lucrative opportunity .	And you do not need to look far for a lucrative opportunity .	pos_neg	8083
It was a word I recognized .	It was not a word I recognized .	pos_neg	8084
The hospital is billing the Brodricks for its costs .	The hospital is not billing the Brodricks for its costs .	pos_neg	8085
They are thinking .	They are not thinking .	pos_neg	8086
This happens .	This does not happen .	pos_neg	8087
What makes the movie work is the cerebral horsepower but the firepower .	What makes the movie work is not the cerebral horsepower but the firepower .	pos_neg	8088
" I was arguing for war per se , " he said .	" I was not arguing for war per se , " he said .	pos_neg	8089
Mattel responded to a request for comment on the case .	Mattel did not respond to a request for comment on the case .	pos_neg	8090
So far the new inspections are systematic enough to yield measurable results .	So far the new inspections are not systematic enough to yield measurable results .	pos_neg	8091
I am surprised that there are some ups and downs .	I am not surprised that there are some ups and downs .	pos_neg	8092
That is Zambrano like .	That is not Zambrano like .	pos_neg	8093
But it is all good news for Clinton .	But it is not all good news for Clinton .	pos_neg	8094
And it was a very big bottle .	And it was not a very big bottle .	pos_neg	8095
A call to a SAG spokeswoman seeking comment was returned Wednesday .	A call to a SAG spokeswoman seeking comment was not returned Wednesday .	pos_neg	8096
GIULIANI : I know where he was on September 11th .	GIULIANI : I do not know where he was on September 11th .	pos_neg	8097
But this is another story about blackout dates .	But this is not another story about blackout dates .	pos_neg	8098
It happens very often .	It does not happen very often .	pos_neg	8099
Latifah says she is interested in more surgery .	Latifah says she is not interested in more surgery .	pos_neg	8100
She also said that her client is charged with murder .	She also said that her client is not charged with murder .	pos_neg	8101
But he is a man for living the Las Vegas lifestyle permanently .	But he is not a man for living the Las Vegas lifestyle permanently .	pos_neg	8102
" " We are crybabies .	" " We are not crybabies .	pos_neg	8103
The court called for fresh elections .	The court did not call for fresh elections .	pos_neg	8104
Facebook is alone in its aims to set up an online directory .	Facebook is not alone in its aims to set up an online directory .	pos_neg	8105
Teacher Toyokazu Takeuchi needed to print out or check tests .	Teacher Toyokazu Takeuchi did not need to print out or check tests .	pos_neg	8106
It is hard for Ms. Sanchez to see why .	It is not hard for Ms. Sanchez to see why .	pos_neg	8107
Never have been and I am going to do it now .	Never have been and I am not going to do it now .	pos_neg	8108
It is where we are going .	It is not where we are going .	pos_neg	8109
The sisters wanted to play .	The sisters did not want to play .	pos_neg	8110
But we believe it in our bones .	But we do not believe it in our bones .	pos_neg	8111
Renault has contracted drivers for 2008 .	Renault does not have contracted drivers for 2008 .	pos_neg	8112
A No , it was Farshchian .	A No , it was not Farshchian .	pos_neg	8113
Calls to Mrs. Paldino 's office and vacation home were returned .	Calls to Mrs. Paldino 's office and vacation home were not returned .	pos_neg	8114
" It is typical for this to happen , " Evans said .	" It is not typical for this to happen , " Evans said .	pos_neg	8115
We have a Pakistan policy .	We do not have a Pakistan policy .	pos_neg	8116
Mr. Riccio is a defendant .	Mr. Riccio is not a defendant .	pos_neg	8117
The filing addresses other forms of payment such as stock .	The filing does not address other forms of payment such as stock .	pos_neg	8118
Furthermore , the alliance claims the technology works properly .	Furthermore , the alliance claims the technology does not work properly .	pos_neg	8119
Police have said why they suspect Ortiz may be HIV positive .	Police have not said why they suspect Ortiz may be HIV positive .	pos_neg	8120
Life is fair ; people like Bruce do cause heartache .	Life is not fair ; people like Bruce do cause heartache .	pos_neg	8121
Ms. Stainton said the governor was bleeding .	Ms. Stainton said the governor was not bleeding .	pos_neg	8122
Calls to the Air Force division responsible for such regulations were returned .	Calls to the Air Force division responsible for such regulations were not returned .	pos_neg	8123
But it was her fault that it failed .	But it was not her fault that it failed .	pos_neg	8124
I want to be one of those people .	I do not want to be one of those people .	pos_neg	8125
I lost .	I did not lose .	pos_neg	8126
" It is education , " Schaeffer said .	" It is not education , " Schaeffer said .	pos_neg	8127
Alcatel-Lucent is alone in downgrading its earning forecasts .	Alcatel-Lucent is not alone in downgrading its earning forecasts .	pos_neg	8128
A male spin on Sex And The City is a bad idea .	A male spin on Sex And The City is not a bad idea .	pos_neg	8129
You talk about it .	You do not talk about it .	pos_neg	8130
But the services he got in school were very helpful .	But the services he got in school were not very helpful .	pos_neg	8131
He came alone .	He did not come alone .	pos_neg	8132
Signing a speeding ticket is an admission of guilt , Roden said .	Signing a speeding ticket is not an admission of guilt , Roden said .	pos_neg	8133
I never say they respect my rules .	I never say they do not respect my rules .	pos_neg	8134
Calls to her representatives were immediately returned .	Calls to her representatives were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	8135
I just , I know .	I just , I do not know .	pos_neg	8136
People who borrow this book are Heroes .	People who borrow this book are not Heroes .	pos_neg	8137
That is going to happen in most backyards .	That is not going to happen in most backyards .	pos_neg	8138
Many wanted to believe it .	Many did not want to believe it .	pos_neg	8139
It has used the premises since 2001 .	It has not used the premises since 2001 .	pos_neg	8140
Mr Blair himself has directly criticised his successor .	Mr Blair himself has not directly criticised his successor .	pos_neg	8141
I doubt his sincerity , but I do wonder about him .	I do not doubt his sincerity , but I do wonder about him .	pos_neg	8142
So the Vectrix is for long-haul touring .	So the Vectrix is not for long-haul touring .	pos_neg	8143
It is like I want to get fined .	It is like I do not want to get fined .	pos_neg	8144
And it tells secrets .	And it does not tell secrets .	pos_neg	8145
This brazen canine abduction was covered up .	This brazen canine abduction was not covered up .	pos_neg	8146
We bought to make a quick turn , to resell .	We did not buy to make a quick turn , to resell .	pos_neg	8147
But Audie had heard .	But Audie had not heard .	pos_neg	8148
I know if I am addicted .	I do not know if I am addicted .	pos_neg	8149
Simpson said he was sure where the items were taken .	Simpson said he was not sure where the items were taken .	pos_neg	8150
We are going to get hung up on democracy this time .	We are not going to get hung up on democracy this time .	pos_neg	8151
He admitted it was an easy decision .	He admitted it was not an easy decision .	pos_neg	8152
And I really had taken her license number .	And I really had not taken her license number .	pos_neg	8153
A phone message left for Alexander 's attorney was immediately returned .	A phone message left for Alexander 's attorney was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	8154
You just see that strong of a response .	You just do not see that strong of a response .	pos_neg	8155
Mr. Icahn was available for comment yesterday .	Mr. Icahn was not available for comment yesterday .	pos_neg	8156
But that is right .	But that is not right .	pos_neg	8157
Seo wanted to be rich ; he just wanted health insurance .	Seo did not want to be rich ; he just wanted health insurance .	pos_neg	8158
Police were ruling out a homicide-suicide .	Police were not ruling out a homicide-suicide .	pos_neg	8159
Murat was charged or arrested .	Murat was not charged or arrested .	pos_neg	8160
Anyone in that state , you know what might happen .	Anyone in that state , you do not know what might happen .	pos_neg	8161
Hadley had information about the extent of the victim 's injuries .	Hadley did not have information about the extent of the victim 's injuries .	pos_neg	8162
Life in exile has been easy for many of them .	Life in exile has not been easy for many of them .	pos_neg	8163
I also like his spiel on why restaurants have clocks .	I also like his spiel on why restaurants do not have clocks .	pos_neg	8164
I did the right thing .	I did not do the right thing .	pos_neg	8165
So it is torture .	So it is not torture .	pos_neg	8166
This way of appointing a president by the politicians is democracy .	This way of appointing a president by the politicians is not democracy .	pos_neg	8167
It is my job .	It is not my job .	pos_neg	8168
So getting lost feels like a bad thing .	So getting lost does not feel like a bad thing .	pos_neg	8169
Authorities have released Gray 's name .	Authorities have not released Gray 's name .	pos_neg	8170
The political atmosphere is healthy .	The political atmosphere is not healthy .	pos_neg	8171
But he is angling for a change .	But he is not angling for a change .	pos_neg	8172
I cannot sleep at night and want to open the door .	I cannot sleep at night and do not want to open the door .	pos_neg	8173
Just rely on soy foods alone to improve the diet .	Just do not rely on soy foods alone to improve the diet .	pos_neg	8174
That means shots aren 't being fired .	That does not mean shots aren 't being fired .	pos_neg	8175
I hope it is all downhill from here .	I hope it is not all downhill from here .	pos_neg	8176
Without Pennington , the Jets ' offense just works .	Without Pennington , the Jets ' offense just does not work .	pos_neg	8177
I know when , but it is going to happen .	I do not know when , but it is going to happen .	pos_neg	8178
Carroll was USC 's first choice to replace Paul Hackett .	Carroll was not USC 's first choice to replace Paul Hackett .	pos_neg	8179
Jenna : I think so .	Jenna : I do not think so .	pos_neg	8180
The possibility of recycling helps .	The possibility of recycling does not help .	pos_neg	8181
Waivers , discounts , vouchers and name changes are permitted .	Waivers , discounts , vouchers and name changes are not permitted .	pos_neg	8182
It is like they are out there entertaining .	It is not like they are out there entertaining .	pos_neg	8183
It was clear whether Larijani left his post under pressure .	It was not clear whether Larijani left his post under pressure .	pos_neg	8184
He returned a call for comment .	He did not return a call for comment .	pos_neg	8185
It constitutes a solicitation of consents .	It does not constitute a solicitation of consents .	pos_neg	8186
You cannot pretend the system exists .	You cannot pretend the system does not exist .	pos_neg	8187
" " We have left each other 's side since .	" " We have not left each other 's side since .	pos_neg	8188
But the clause applies to individuals .	But the clause does not apply to individuals .	pos_neg	8189
However he had to wait long .	However he did not have to wait long .	pos_neg	8190
But again the DNA matched .	But again the DNA did not match .	pos_neg	8191
If her presence bothered him , he let on .	If her presence bothered him , he did not let on .	pos_neg	8192
Hillary 's is under attack because she is a woman .	Hillary 's is not under attack because she is a woman .	pos_neg	8193
He cares about politics .	He does not care about politics .	pos_neg	8194
Critics wish the study had relied on self reports .	Critics wish the study had not relied on self reports .	pos_neg	8195
It works for everyone .	It does not work for everyone .	pos_neg	8196
And remember that trespass has to be intentional .	And remember that trespass does not have to be intentional .	pos_neg	8197
We want to be enormous and have to compete with Gallo .	We do not want to be enormous and have to compete with Gallo .	pos_neg	8198
The British statement said how or where the soldier died .	The British statement did not say how or where the soldier died .	pos_neg	8199
Mr. Shafer returned calls for comment .	Mr. Shafer did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	8200
GSM short message sending service is working also .	GSM short message sending service is not working also .	pos_neg	8201
But that is the point .	But that is not the point .	pos_neg	8202
We have been investigated .	We have not been investigated .	pos_neg	8203
The drama at Citi is over .	The drama at Citi is not over .	pos_neg	8204
Nubani said Miles had decided what she would do with her medal .	Nubani said Miles had not decided what she would do with her medal .	pos_neg	8205
It was all earnestness and early 1970s idealism , he added .	It was not all earnestness and early 1970s idealism , he added .	pos_neg	8206
Big investors were scared off by Katrina .	Big investors were not scared off by Katrina .	pos_neg	8207
We pickled last week , and it worked out so well .	We pickled last week , and it did not work out so well .	pos_neg	8208
Even his closest political advisers knew where he was .	Even his closest political advisers did not know where he was .	pos_neg	8209
Control , he says , is just an issue for lawyers .	Control , he says , is not just an issue for lawyers .	pos_neg	8210
Maybe we see the need .	Maybe we do not see the need .	pos_neg	8211
It is at a scale that makes it viable .	It is not at a scale that makes it viable .	pos_neg	8212
Reiner is the only celebrity finding a place in Hillaryland .	Reiner is not the only celebrity finding a place in Hillaryland .	pos_neg	8213
They also want to have losses .	They also do not want to have losses .	pos_neg	8214
" " That is always clear .	" " That is not always clear .	pos_neg	8215
The Nerds of Summer were entirely objectionable .	The Nerds of Summer were not entirely objectionable .	pos_neg	8216
To this day , women are allowed to sing .	To this day , women are not allowed to sing .	pos_neg	8217
A third piece of advice : say you know .	A third piece of advice : say you do not know .	pos_neg	8218
If the results are specific enough , additional search suggestions are offered .	If the results are not specific enough , additional search suggestions are offered .	pos_neg	8219
About VMware It said it knew why he had been seized .	About VMware It said it did not know why he had been seized .	pos_neg	8220
China was the only country engaged in such espionage .	China was not the only country engaged in such espionage .	pos_neg	8221
Cook said the aircraft returned safely and returned fire .	Cook said the aircraft returned safely and did not return fire .	pos_neg	8222
It identified the titles .	It did not identify the titles .	pos_neg	8223
Weather was a factor Sunday .	Weather was not a factor Sunday .	pos_neg	8224
Cohen 's lectures are for them .	Cohen 's lectures are not for them .	pos_neg	8225
We know if disability came into his thinking .	We do not know if disability came into his thinking .	pos_neg	8226
That is why it has gone as fast as we would like .	That is why it has not gone as fast as we would like .	pos_neg	8227
She deserved that .	She did not deserve that .	pos_neg	8228
Apple disclosed why Rosenberg left .	Apple did not disclose why Rosenberg left .	pos_neg	8229
So blame the turkey .	So do not blame the turkey .	pos_neg	8230
The latest survey indicates that distrust has substantially dissipated .	The latest survey indicates that distrust has not substantially dissipated .	pos_neg	8231
" I made those statements , " he said .	" I did not make those statements , " he said .	pos_neg	8232
" You have to worry about that , " Bryant retorted .	" You do not have to worry about that , " Bryant retorted .	pos_neg	8233
He added that the DR Congo army was involved .	He added that the DR Congo army was not involved .	pos_neg	8234
Paris Hilton was immediately available for comment .	Paris Hilton was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	8235
Ahlstrom said he recalled making that comment .	Ahlstrom said he did not recall making that comment .	pos_neg	8236
Either way , the public is being well served .	Either way , the public is not being well served .	pos_neg	8237
Unfortunately that is what happened .	Unfortunately that is not what happened .	pos_neg	8238
Scottish Water has also raised concerns , although it has objected formally .	Scottish Water has also raised concerns , although it has not objected formally .	pos_neg	8239
The bank employee was injured .	The bank employee was not injured .	pos_neg	8240
Garnett referred questions to Lee 's attorney , who responded .	Garnett referred questions to Lee 's attorney , who did not respond .	pos_neg	8241
The one that just came up I remember .	The one that just came up I do not remember .	pos_neg	8242
Those are Mr Esdaile 's ways .	Those are not Mr Esdaile 's ways .	pos_neg	8243
Marcus was involved in the Rehov excavation .	Marcus was not involved in the Rehov excavation .	pos_neg	8244
We are trained for a deer coming through a window .	We are not trained for a deer coming through a window .	pos_neg	8245
I know now that is true .	I know now that is not true .	pos_neg	8246
If I play perfect , I cannot beat Rafa .	If I do not play perfect , I cannot beat Rafa .	pos_neg	8247
Financial details were clear .	Financial details were not clear .	pos_neg	8248
The program was to everyone 's liking .	The program was not to everyone 's liking .	pos_neg	8249
They are getting an early start in education .	They are not getting an early start in education .	pos_neg	8250
But the woman was listening to him .	But the woman was not listening to him .	pos_neg	8251
GEORGE McCRACKEN has to wear a tie .	GEORGE McCRACKEN does not have to wear a tie .	pos_neg	8252
He is trying to be a disciplinarian .	He is not trying to be a disciplinarian .	pos_neg	8253
Perhaps they have been saving as aggressively as they should have been .	Perhaps they have not been saving as aggressively as they should have been .	pos_neg	8254
That is inviting something that I want to happen .	That is inviting something that I do not want to happen .	pos_neg	8255
People are scared and the atmosphere is calm .	People are not scared and the atmosphere is calm .	pos_neg	8256
But I think so .	But I do not think so .	pos_neg	8257
Filed at 8 : 13 a.m. Spiralling drug abuse is inevitable .	Filed at 8 : 13 a.m. Spiralling drug abuse is not inevitable .	pos_neg	8258
They know what they are missing !	They do not know what they are missing !	pos_neg	8259
We had a lot of discretion .	We did not have a lot of discretion .	pos_neg	8260
" That is a bald spot , " Woods teased .	" That is not a bald spot , " Woods teased .	pos_neg	8261
It was spring fever .	It was not spring fever .	pos_neg	8262
However , it is his first major boat racing challenge .	However , it is not his first major boat racing challenge .	pos_neg	8263
They refused services and told police they believed they had been trafficked .	They refused services and told police they believed they had not been trafficked .	pos_neg	8264
But he blames them or himself for what happened .	But he does not blame them or himself for what happened .	pos_neg	8265
' " The industry-led approach is foolproof , however .	' " The industry-led approach is not foolproof , however .	pos_neg	8266
Additional terms of the transaction were disclosed .	Additional terms of the transaction were not disclosed .	pos_neg	8267
It was immediately clear how many people were on the bus .	It was not immediately clear how many people were on the bus .	pos_neg	8268
Mr. Romney is the only presidential candidate still finding his way online .	Mr. Romney is not the only presidential candidate still finding his way online .	pos_neg	8269
Guatemala Elects Anti-Poverty Candidate Hotel upgrades are available .	Guatemala Elects Anti-Poverty Candidate Hotel upgrades are not available .	pos_neg	8270
" Life is perfect , " he added .	" Life is not perfect , " he added .	pos_neg	8271
It kept Oliver from being the aggressor .	It did not keep Oliver from being the aggressor .	pos_neg	8272
But I am singing it , Celie sings it .	But I am not singing it , Celie sings it .	pos_neg	8273
Unfortunately , Ed 's going to be there .	Unfortunately , Ed 's not going to be there .	pos_neg	8274
Expectations were high for his appearance in last night 's debate .	Expectations were not high for his appearance in last night 's debate .	pos_neg	8275
I recall .	I do not recall .	pos_neg	8276
They lost new shoes ; they lost old shoes .	They did not lose new shoes ; they lost old shoes .	pos_neg	8277
She also discovered that he was actually her biological father .	She also discovered that he was not actually her biological father .	pos_neg	8278
It is very embarrassing , but it is conscious .	It is very embarrassing , but it is not conscious .	pos_neg	8279
It is a lot fun to lose .	It is not a lot fun to lose .	pos_neg	8280
I believe that the agent is doing enough to advertise the house .	I believe that the agent is not doing enough to advertise the house .	pos_neg	8281
A lot of cases are investigated .	A lot of cases are not investigated .	pos_neg	8282
It was immediately clear if Arender had a lawyer who could comment .	It was not immediately clear if Arender had a lawyer who could comment .	pos_neg	8283
Senator Obama was .	Senator Obama was not .	pos_neg	8284
A while back , I thought it would be this close .	A while back , I did not think it would be this close .	pos_neg	8285
Clark 's brief foray into presidential politics was as successful .	Clark 's brief foray into presidential politics was not as successful .	pos_neg	8286
Turner made sure it mattered .	Turner made sure it did not matter .	pos_neg	8287
And unlike the Iraqi capital , Irbil imposes curfews .	And unlike the Iraqi capital , Irbil does not impose curfews .	pos_neg	8288
The mutual dependency is lost on Navarra .	The mutual dependency is not lost on Navarra .	pos_neg	8289
Look , the only folks who feel stress are dead .	Look , the only folks who do not feel stress are dead .	pos_neg	8290
It has been an easy ride .	It has not been an easy ride .	pos_neg	8291
We are uncomfortable .	We are not uncomfortable .	pos_neg	8292
Again , he arrived .	Again , he did not arrive .	pos_neg	8293
Climate change ironies about the decathlon were lost on the students .	Climate change ironies about the decathlon were not lost on the students .	pos_neg	8294
And Citigroup 's alone in its debt problems .	And Citigroup 's not alone in its debt problems .	pos_neg	8295
The man was identified .	The man was not identified .	pos_neg	8296
" We have stars here , " Smith said .	" We do not have stars here , " Smith said .	pos_neg	8297
Lundqvist , though , bit .	Lundqvist , though , did not bite .	pos_neg	8298
A call to a representative for the actress was immediately returned .	A call to a representative for the actress was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	8299
But this year , some travelers are betting on it .	But this year , some travelers are not betting on it .	pos_neg	8300
We need to sting the customer .	We do not need to sting the customer .	pos_neg	8301
A spokesman for CIA responded to a request for comment .	A spokesman for CIA did not respond to a request for comment .	pos_neg	8302
And it is that they are black .	And it is not that they are black .	pos_neg	8303
But people were the only ones in need of assistance .	But people were not the only ones in need of assistance .	pos_neg	8304
So I am sticking my head in the sand .	So I am not sticking my head in the sand .	pos_neg	8305
Teddy was ready to stop .	Teddy was not ready to stop .	pos_neg	8306
Munis offer eye-popping returns .	Munis do not offer eye-popping returns .	pos_neg	8307
Comparative periods are permitted to be restated .	Comparative periods are not permitted to be restated .	pos_neg	8308
I believed her .	I did not believe her .	pos_neg	8309
" I hope this interferes , " he said .	" I hope this does not interfere , " he said .	pos_neg	8310
There is point in confrontation , you 'll always lose .	There is not point in confrontation , you 'll always lose .	pos_neg	8311
Rugby threatens to usurp football in Argentina .	Rugby does not threaten to usurp football in Argentina .	pos_neg	8312
Lawyers for Stewart and Ehrlich responded Monday to messages seeking comment .	Lawyers for Stewart and Ehrlich did not respond Monday to messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	8313
I had been a brunette in almost seven years .	I had not been a brunette in almost seven years .	pos_neg	8314
She is .	She is not .	pos_neg	8315
But that stopped it from buying some truly dubious loans .	But that did not stop it from buying some truly dubious loans .	pos_neg	8316
The times have always been happy-go-lucky .	The times have not always been happy-go-lucky .	pos_neg	8317
This was a one-person project .	This was not a one-person project .	pos_neg	8318
Success on the field in opera guarantees success off it .	Success on the field in opera does not guarantee success off it .	pos_neg	8319
If that was a thrill , some aspects of fame have been .	If that was a thrill , some aspects of fame have not been .	pos_neg	8320
" " I know what he needs to do different .	" " I do not know what he needs to do different .	pos_neg	8321
The question is why people use it .	The question is not why people use it .	pos_neg	8322
" " It was really a choice between two candidates .	" " It was not really a choice between two candidates .	pos_neg	8323
We are superficial enough , I guess .	We are not superficial enough , I guess .	pos_neg	8324
The 83-year-old liked to boast , but he had stories .	The 83-year-old did not like to boast , but he had stories .	pos_neg	8325
The server , Adam Novicki , said Lohan ordered alcohol .	The server , Adam Novicki , said Lohan did not order alcohol .	pos_neg	8326
& We show favoritism .	& We do not show favoritism .	pos_neg	8327
Make believe is part of the postgraduate Facebook user 's agenda .	Make believe is not part of the postgraduate Facebook user 's agenda .	pos_neg	8328
I am going to be involved in the general managing .	I am not going to be involved in the general managing .	pos_neg	8329
Hall was buying that logic .	Hall was not buying that logic .	pos_neg	8330
It is fresh .	It is not fresh .	pos_neg	8331
So I feel I am missing out on things .	So I do not feel I am missing out on things .	pos_neg	8332
They wear helmets or bulletproof vests .	They do not wear helmets or bulletproof vests .	pos_neg	8333
The nationalities of the servicemembers were released pending notification of family members .	The nationalities of the servicemembers were not released pending notification of family members .	pos_neg	8334
It was clear why the two accounts differed .	It was not clear why the two accounts differed .	pos_neg	8335
She was friendly .	She was not friendly .	pos_neg	8336
Most Tamils in areas controlled by the Tamil Tigers vote .	Most Tamils in areas controlled by the Tamil Tigers do not vote .	pos_neg	8337
I disagree .	I do not disagree .	pos_neg	8338
You need a goal .	You do not need a goal .	pos_neg	8339
By which I mean , sucking in and expelling oxygen is tricky .	By which I mean , sucking in and expelling oxygen is not tricky .	pos_neg	8340
Fisk officials have returned repeated calls from The Associated Press .	Fisk officials have not returned repeated calls from The Associated Press .	pos_neg	8341
Telephone calls to Arabtec made by The Associated Press were returned Tuesday .	Telephone calls to Arabtec made by The Associated Press were not returned Tuesday .	pos_neg	8342
Experts said the painting was by Rembrandt .	Experts said the painting was not by Rembrandt .	pos_neg	8343
His children were physically harmed .	His children were not physically harmed .	pos_neg	8344
Others had understood just how fantastically diligent they were going to be .	Others had not understood just how fantastically diligent they were going to be .	pos_neg	8345
Knowing of somebody is the same as knowing all about somebody .	Knowing of somebody is not the same as knowing all about somebody .	pos_neg	8346
Right now they are actually hitting their goals on that program .	Right now they are not actually hitting their goals on that program .	pos_neg	8347
You exceed its dictates .	You need not exceed its dictates .	pos_neg	8348
But Wilson regrets his actions in the Afghan war .	But Wilson does not regret his actions in the Afghan war .	pos_neg	8349
White House officials say Mr. Bush has changed his stripes .	White House officials say Mr. Bush has not changed his stripes .	pos_neg	8350
" " I like it that murderers are going free .	" " I do not like it that murderers are going free .	pos_neg	8351
I do know they take the Yankees lightly .	I do know they do not take the Yankees lightly .	pos_neg	8352
" I want to panic , " Jhomel agreed .	" I do not want to panic , " Jhomel agreed .	pos_neg	8353
Curbs are designed for women and women 's shoes .	Curbs are not designed for women and women 's shoes .	pos_neg	8354
The Chinese insist they are interested in dominating Africa .	The Chinese insist they are not interested in dominating Africa .	pos_neg	8355
We want headlines .	We do not want headlines .	pos_neg	8356
Admirable as it is , Radcliffe 's triumph is unprecedented .	Admirable as it is , Radcliffe 's triumph is not unprecedented .	pos_neg	8357
If it was my mother , it was my wife .	If it was not my mother , it was my wife .	pos_neg	8358
I hear them .	I do not hear them .	pos_neg	8359
But these young people are battling alcohol or drugs .	But these young people are not battling alcohol or drugs .	pos_neg	8360
" I have seen caffeine cause liver damage , " said Adler .	" I have not seen caffeine cause liver damage , " said Adler .	pos_neg	8361
Calls to all three companies Tuesday night were answered .	Calls to all three companies Tuesday night were not answered .	pos_neg	8362
The other injured prisoners were in danger , the prisons service said .	The other injured prisoners were not in danger , the prisons service said .	pos_neg	8363
But in Denver , recently , home dates have been pleasure cruises .	But in Denver , recently , home dates have not been pleasure cruises .	pos_neg	8364
But the matter ended there .	But the matter did not end there .	pos_neg	8365
She examined the pope or have access to his medical records .	She did not examine the pope or have access to his medical records .	pos_neg	8366
They were amused .	They were not amused .	pos_neg	8367
It is about continuing the Bush administration or reviving the Clinton administration .	It is not about continuing the Bush administration or reviving the Clinton administration .	pos_neg	8368
, was immediately returned Wednesday .	, was not immediately returned Wednesday .	pos_neg	8369
" I am in London for the weather , " he said .	" I am not in London for the weather , " he said .	pos_neg	8370
This was a normal New England approach to free agency .	This was not a normal New England approach to free agency .	pos_neg	8371
And -- and that we are attending to life here on Earth .	And -- and that we are not attending to life here on Earth .	pos_neg	8372
I talk national policy .	I do not talk national policy .	pos_neg	8373
" I want to stop , " Stricker said .	" I do not want to stop , " Stricker said .	pos_neg	8374
Your brother is gay , yet the church is exactly gay-friendly .	Your brother is gay , yet the church is not exactly gay-friendly .	pos_neg	8375
But they have been able to avert a serious row in France .	But they have not been able to avert a serious row in France .	pos_neg	8376
The ex-football superstar was stupid , though .	The ex-football superstar was not stupid , though .	pos_neg	8377
" My father 's relatives spoke English , " he said .	" My father 's relatives did not speak English , " he said .	pos_neg	8378
It works that way .	It does not work that way .	pos_neg	8379
I have got over the fact that there has been a fatality .	I have not got over the fact that there has been a fatality .	pos_neg	8380
The law applies to Will 's high school , however .	The law does not apply to Will 's high school , however .	pos_neg	8381
We have bad girls here .	We do not have bad girls here .	pos_neg	8382
VAN MARSH : Protest is limited to within Pakistan 's borders .	VAN MARSH : Protest is not limited to within Pakistan 's borders .	pos_neg	8383
Class-Action Cases Rise , Fueled by Subprime Troubles Financial terms were disclosed .	Class-Action Cases Rise , Fueled by Subprime Troubles Financial terms were not disclosed .	pos_neg	8384
If it was a crisis it was a fair imitation of one .	If it was not a crisis it was a fair imitation of one .	pos_neg	8385
But these were average times in Mississippi .	But these were not average times in Mississippi .	pos_neg	8386
We might have been scared if we had the necessary experience .	We might have been scared if we did not have the necessary experience .	pos_neg	8387
But expect another miracle .	But do not expect another miracle .	pos_neg	8388
Holly was sure she believed him .	Holly was not sure she believed him .	pos_neg	8389
The roommate was identified by police .	The roommate was not identified by police .	pos_neg	8390
Arctic experts say things are that simple .	Arctic experts say things are not that simple .	pos_neg	8391
PRESIDENT BUSH : Oh , excuse me , that is hypothetical .	PRESIDENT BUSH : Oh , excuse me , that is not hypothetical .	pos_neg	8392
He is a Hall of Fame bat that is out there .	He is a Hall of Fame bat that is not out there .	pos_neg	8393
But we are spending money we have .	But we are spending money we do not have .	pos_neg	8394
It meant that he was going to suffer .	It did not mean that he was going to suffer .	pos_neg	8395
She had expected a death .	She had not expected a death .	pos_neg	8396
LC : But I used my left hand .	LC : But I did not use my left hand .	pos_neg	8397
Technical-sounding language Using inflated claims to sell products is new .	Technical-sounding language Using inflated claims to sell products is not new .	pos_neg	8398
" Funding is an issue for us , " he said .	" Funding is not an issue for us , " he said .	pos_neg	8399
Ms Hovey told BBC Radio Wales the case was unusual .	Ms Hovey told BBC Radio Wales the case was not unusual .	pos_neg	8400
Colin ColinWH , Cambridge But we communicate with Santa .	Colin ColinWH , Cambridge But we do not communicate with Santa .	pos_neg	8401
But contact ceased between Chronister and the contractors .	But contact did not cease between Chronister and the contractors .	pos_neg	8402
Financial terms of the purchase were disclosed .	Financial terms of the purchase were not disclosed .	pos_neg	8403
His hometown is available .	His hometown is not available .	pos_neg	8404
All she can say is she was herself at that time .	All she can say is she was not herself at that time .	pos_neg	8405
Terms of the deal were announced .	Terms of the deal were not announced .	pos_neg	8406
We are going to be OK , worry about it .	We are going to be OK , do not worry about it .	pos_neg	8407
They may laugh at you if you discover India .	They may laugh at you if you do not discover India .	pos_neg	8408
They had information on whether Ledwik had an attorney .	They did not have information on whether Ledwik had an attorney .	pos_neg	8409
Now I am scared .	Now I am not scared .	pos_neg	8410
Maybe he is accurate , I know .	Maybe he is accurate , I do not know .	pos_neg	8411
" This is a benign product , " he says .	" This is not a benign product , " he says .	pos_neg	8412
It was only attitudes that needed updating .	It was not only attitudes that needed updating .	pos_neg	8413
" The court is a rubber stamp , " Boldt said .	" The court is not a rubber stamp , " Boldt said .	pos_neg	8414
Retiring is a word associated with Thompson .	Retiring is not a word associated with Thompson .	pos_neg	8415
Well , I am going to fall for it .	Well , I am not going to fall for it .	pos_neg	8416
AZUZ : He was the only person to feel that way .	AZUZ : He was not the only person to feel that way .	pos_neg	8417
Calls to the club were returned yesterday .	Calls to the club were not returned yesterday .	pos_neg	8418
I think it is something you can easily give up .	I do not think it is something you can easily give up .	pos_neg	8419
Unfortunately , 40-1 shot Ansells Pride had been watching the interview .	Unfortunately , 40-1 shot Ansells Pride had not been watching the interview .	pos_neg	8420
Yet the surge in natural sales is limited to pet food alone .	Yet the surge in natural sales is not limited to pet food alone .	pos_neg	8421
But in the end , she made it .	But in the end , she did not make it .	pos_neg	8422
This was always the case .	This was not always the case .	pos_neg	8423
Ms Dickerson is alone in trying to bring the concept back .	Ms Dickerson is not alone in trying to bring the concept back .	pos_neg	8424
She also pointed out that Jane Doe 's marriage was polygamous .	She also pointed out that Jane Doe 's marriage was not polygamous .	pos_neg	8425
You listen to the voices of the people !	You do not listen to the voices of the people !	pos_neg	8426
It ¬ makes mistakes .	It ¬ does not make mistakes .	pos_neg	8427
But Romney told Alviso he favored adding more troops to Iraq .	But Romney told Alviso he did not favor adding more troops to Iraq .	pos_neg	8428
Therefore , it affects their annual CGT allowance .	Therefore , it does not affect their annual CGT allowance .	pos_neg	8429
Things were always so tranquil , Ms. Gilford recalled .	Things were not always so tranquil , Ms. Gilford recalled .	pos_neg	8430
But that was enough to get him going .	But that was not enough to get him going .	pos_neg	8431
But the findings match the risks of dying .	But the findings do not match the risks of dying .	pos_neg	8432
Surely that is a coincidence .	Surely that is not a coincidence .	pos_neg	8433
Time is a luxury at McClaren 's disposal .	Time is not a luxury at McClaren 's disposal .	pos_neg	8434
We know the wells are going to cut it .	We know the wells are not going to cut it .	pos_neg	8435
Uruguayan coast guard boats looked on but intervened .	Uruguayan coast guard boats looked on but did not intervene .	pos_neg	8436
But as it is , the program now supports dual sourcing .	But as it is , the program now does not support dual sourcing .	pos_neg	8437
I want them knowing I am here .	I do not want them knowing I am here .	pos_neg	8438
And the movie depicts some of the book 's wackier moments .	And the movie does not depict some of the book 's wackier moments .	pos_neg	8439
It was a kind of inscrutability he had associated with Indians .	It was a kind of inscrutability he had not associated with Indians .	pos_neg	8440
The Sudanese government has commented .	The Sudanese government has not commented .	pos_neg	8441
Kenney-Baden said they should acquit because he murdered Clarkson .	Kenney-Baden said they should acquit because he did not murder Clarkson .	pos_neg	8442
I am in the business of issuing dire warnings .	I am not in the business of issuing dire warnings .	pos_neg	8443
" It is so bad , " said Kahn .	" It is not so bad , " said Kahn .	pos_neg	8444
Jiwei has been slow to set out his stall .	Jiwei has not been slow to set out his stall .	pos_neg	8445
It is only foolish , it is low .	It is not only foolish , it is low .	pos_neg	8446
" " Many patients are helped , but they are well .	" " Many patients are helped , but they are not well .	pos_neg	8447
Financial terms were disclosed .	Financial terms were not disclosed .	pos_neg	8448
The one-year-old was injured .	The one-year-old was not injured .	pos_neg	8449
NBC News has been able to confirm his current whereabouts .	NBC News has not been able to confirm his current whereabouts .	pos_neg	8450
Though we cared , we had those questions ourselves .	Though we did not care , we had those questions ourselves .	pos_neg	8451
The two men just got on .	The two men just did not get on .	pos_neg	8452
And he is surprised by the initial cold shoulder .	And he is not surprised by the initial cold shoulder .	pos_neg	8453
This adjusted income amount is a measure of financial performance under GAAP .	This adjusted income amount is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP .	pos_neg	8454
I obviously was the right material .	I obviously was not the right material .	pos_neg	8455
But in the end he closed the deal for us .	But in the end he did not close the deal for us .	pos_neg	8456
Gang Crimes Have Fallen In Fairfax The source was identified .	Gang Crimes Have Fallen In Fairfax The source was not identified .	pos_neg	8457
This is to diminish the danger presented by Al Qaeda .	This is not to diminish the danger presented by Al Qaeda .	pos_neg	8458
He changed .	He did not change .	pos_neg	8459
The agenda for the meeting was known .	The agenda for the meeting was not known .	pos_neg	8460
" It is an impossible job , " he said .	" It is not an impossible job , " he said .	pos_neg	8461
It is going to tell a comprehensive story .	It is not going to tell a comprehensive story .	pos_neg	8462
I want to clown out the F.B.I. world .	I do not want to clown out the F.B.I. world .	pos_neg	8463
Hrbaty has missed a grand slam tournament for 11 years .	Hrbaty has not missed a grand slam tournament for 11 years .	pos_neg	8464
I am entirely sure how I got into this line of work .	I am not entirely sure how I got into this line of work .	pos_neg	8465
It wears out the way a Dick Wolf franchise wears out .	It does not wear out the way a Dick Wolf franchise wears out .	pos_neg	8466
The Bush administration has apologized .	The Bush administration has not apologized .	pos_neg	8467
And that is the only slur he wants to bury .	And that is not the only slur he wants to bury .	pos_neg	8468
I know how he feels about peanut butter .	I do not know how he feels about peanut butter .	pos_neg	8469
Tell me I am wrong , but I saw it .	Tell me I am wrong , but I did not see it .	pos_neg	8470
This is the end for me .	This is not the end for me .	pos_neg	8471
" No , I am more confident , " he said .	" No , I am not more confident , " he said .	pos_neg	8472
You will understand that you are acting correctly .	You will understand that you are not acting correctly .	pos_neg	8473
German law enforcement officials were immediately available to comment on the report .	German law enforcement officials were not immediately available to comment on the report .	pos_neg	8474
I am talking about yesteryear .	I am not talking about yesteryear .	pos_neg	8475
Rickman returned a phone call yesterday .	Rickman did not return a phone call yesterday .	pos_neg	8476
Just who assembled them is clear .	Just who assembled them is not clear .	pos_neg	8477
Women who play smaller roster sports get the same opportunity .	Women who play smaller roster sports do not get the same opportunity .	pos_neg	8478
I admire them because I feel I am confident enough .	I admire them because I feel I am not confident enough .	pos_neg	8479
However , he is relieved his family was harmed .	However , he is relieved his family was not harmed .	pos_neg	8480
But experts in the field are predicting a rash of mergers .	But experts in the field are not predicting a rash of mergers .	pos_neg	8481
Pavarotti 's private life was complicated and he was immune to scandal .	Pavarotti 's private life was complicated and he was not immune to scandal .	pos_neg	8482
There is a hell of a lot you can do about it .	There is not a hell of a lot you can do about it .	pos_neg	8483
In Louisiana , the infrastructure was there .	In Louisiana , the infrastructure was not there .	pos_neg	8484
They are meant for people like myself .	They are not meant for people like myself .	pos_neg	8485
So far the theory is working .	So far the theory is not working .	pos_neg	8486
The play is flawless , but it certainly has legs .	The play is not flawless , but it certainly has legs .	pos_neg	8487
She was the only tough critic in the group .	She was not the only tough critic in the group .	pos_neg	8488
He took a liking to Spider-Man 's nemesis .	He did not take a liking to Spider-Man 's nemesis .	pos_neg	8489
Nixon ... was a crook .	Nixon ... was not a crook .	pos_neg	8490
Flynn minded that trade-off .	Flynn did not mind that trade-off .	pos_neg	8491
The business daily specified when the talks would be held .	The business daily did not specify when the talks would be held .	pos_neg	8492
FYI : I am talking about me .	FYI : I am not talking about me .	pos_neg	8493
" I feel pain from running , " Hernandez said .	" I do not feel pain from running , " Hernandez said .	pos_neg	8494
The number of troops there is unusual , the official said .	The number of troops there is not unusual , the official said .	pos_neg	8495
" " We are down , but we are out .	" " We are down , but we are not out .	pos_neg	8496
So it is just the British housing market that is in trouble .	So it is not just the British housing market that is in trouble .	pos_neg	8497
Kim held more meetings with Roh .	Kim did not hold more meetings with Roh .	pos_neg	8498
The UAW has determined when voting will begin , Gettelfinger said .	The UAW has not determined when voting will begin , Gettelfinger said .	pos_neg	8499
id = 1768382007 They have taken us up on the offer .	id = 1768382007 They have not taken us up on the offer .	pos_neg	8500
LC : I recall that .	LC : I do not recall that .	pos_neg	8501
Spafford said the Olsons ' story was unique .	Spafford said the Olsons ' story was not unique .	pos_neg	8502
And I really missed a shot coming in .	And I really did not miss a shot coming in .	pos_neg	8503
Yet he was to be deterred .	Yet he was not to be deterred .	pos_neg	8504
Party offices in Kirkuk and Mosul were raided , he said .	Party offices in Kirkuk and Mosul were not raided , he said .	pos_neg	8505
I see it as being a problem .	I do not see it as being a problem .	pos_neg	8506
Burnham was immediately available for comment Wednesday .	Burnham was not immediately available for comment Wednesday .	pos_neg	8507
But that is all .	But that is not all .	pos_neg	8508
ComScore responded to a request to comment .	ComScore did not respond to a request to comment .	pos_neg	8509
Unsurprisingly , Woodward stayed long Romney : I did .	Unsurprisingly , Woodward did not stay long Romney : I did .	pos_neg	8510
But ambitious winemakers were satisfied with simple barbera .	But ambitious winemakers were not satisfied with simple barbera .	pos_neg	8511
This one seemed so subtle .	This one did not seem so subtle .	pos_neg	8512
This seems to matter .	This does not seem to matter .	pos_neg	8513
Some Iraqis seemed to care which version was correct .	Some Iraqis did not seem to care which version was correct .	pos_neg	8514
He had been behind the plate since 1992 .	He had not been behind the plate since 1992 .	pos_neg	8515
The ex-prisoner has been seen since he was admitted to hospital .	The ex-prisoner has not been seen since he was admitted to hospital .	pos_neg	8516
Simpson 's attorney returned a phone message seeking comment .	Simpson 's attorney did not return a phone message seeking comment .	pos_neg	8517
They are , Pollak said , interested in a quick flip .	They are not , Pollak said , interested in a quick flip .	pos_neg	8518
There is nothing wrong with that , but it is me .	There is nothing wrong with that , but it is not me .	pos_neg	8519
On Friday , Tong said he had heard of the bus deaths .	On Friday , Tong said he had not heard of the bus deaths .	pos_neg	8520
Consider an internship in an area that is your strongest suit .	Consider an internship in an area that is not your strongest suit .	pos_neg	8521
Perhaps it is too late to advise her .	Perhaps it is not too late to advise her .	pos_neg	8522
Economic anxiety was a driving force in those elections .	Economic anxiety was not a driving force in those elections .	pos_neg	8523
I guess they have wanted to .	I guess they have not wanted to .	pos_neg	8524
Nowadays , this is uncommon , Miss Manners realizes .	Nowadays , this is not uncommon , Miss Manners realizes .	pos_neg	8525
But the striking nurses say the dispute is about salaries .	But the striking nurses say the dispute is not about salaries .	pos_neg	8526
" " This is one of them .	" " This is not one of them .	pos_neg	8527
No , he is auditioning for a reality show .	No , he is not auditioning for a reality show .	pos_neg	8528
The part-time archaeologist with a startling turn of phrase is alone .	The part-time archaeologist with a startling turn of phrase is not alone .	pos_neg	8529
But Mother Teresa was beloved by all .	But Mother Teresa was not beloved by all .	pos_neg	8530
Typically , she is pushing to force shops to use less packaging .	Typically , she is not pushing to force shops to use less packaging .	pos_neg	8531
That negates the need for us to reform illegal immigration .	That does not negate the need for us to reform illegal immigration .	pos_neg	8532
Representatives from Fisher-Price were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Fisher-Price were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	8533
A female performer injured in that mishap returned to the act .	A female performer injured in that mishap did not return to the act .	pos_neg	8534
Williams attended Thursday 's news conference .	Williams did not attend Thursday 's news conference .	pos_neg	8535
You really are in a position to know .	You really are not in a position to know .	pos_neg	8536
But they are all of me .	But they are not all of me .	pos_neg	8537
His lawyer returned calls requesting comment for this story .	His lawyer did not return calls requesting comment for this story .	pos_neg	8538
" I am a big cockroach fan , " he said .	" I am not a big cockroach fan , " he said .	pos_neg	8539
I think that will be necessary .	I do not think that will be necessary .	pos_neg	8540
Police alleged that Simpson personally carried a weapon in the incident .	Police did not allege that Simpson personally carried a weapon in the incident .	pos_neg	8541
Possibly he had .	Possibly he had not .	pos_neg	8542
No they were said Gordon Brown ... etc .	No they were not said Gordon Brown ... etc .	pos_neg	8543
Tony Blair may be gone , but he is forgotten .	Tony Blair may be gone , but he is not forgotten .	pos_neg	8544
PEDRAJA : I need a bone marrow transplant myself .	PEDRAJA : I do not need a bone marrow transplant myself .	pos_neg	8545
The Chiefs had scored 30 points total in their first three games .	The Chiefs had not scored 30 points total in their first three games .	pos_neg	8546
Detroit has won in Wisconsin since 1991 .	Detroit has not won in Wisconsin since 1991 .	pos_neg	8547
We are going to set aside blind tasting .	We are not going to set aside blind tasting .	pos_neg	8548
Basic safety drills appear to be a high priority .	Basic safety drills do not appear to be a high priority .	pos_neg	8549
The children are telling me come over here .	The children are telling me do not come over here .	pos_neg	8550
It brings in a steady income , since most options are exercised .	It brings in a steady income , since most options are not exercised .	pos_neg	8551
It addressed the central question in the case .	It did not address the central question in the case .	pos_neg	8552
One pay astronomical prices for great clothes .	One need not pay astronomical prices for great clothes .	pos_neg	8553
The company gave financial details .	The company did not give financial details .	pos_neg	8554
And the kidnap 's legacy is all bad .	And the kidnap 's legacy is not all bad .	pos_neg	8555
But that is the same thing as staying ahead .	But that is not the same thing as staying ahead .	pos_neg	8556
The half-century-old debate riveted him .	The half-century-old debate did not rivet him .	pos_neg	8557
Repairmen existed in my life .	Repairmen did not exist in my life .	pos_neg	8558
And I want to go back home without that cup .	And I do not want to go back home without that cup .	pos_neg	8559
Iran disputes those allegations , saying it meddles inside Iraq .	Iran disputes those allegations , saying it does not meddle inside Iraq .	pos_neg	8560
Mr Yanagisawa 's comments went down well .	Mr Yanagisawa 's comments did not go down well .	pos_neg	8561
Well , take it from me , it is always the case .	Well , take it from me , it is not always the case .	pos_neg	8562
Madison Square Garden is finished fighting sexual harassment charges .	Madison Square Garden is not finished fighting sexual harassment charges .	pos_neg	8563
It was just music interspersed with Listen with Mother .	It was not just music interspersed with Listen with Mother .	pos_neg	8564
Real companies are like this .	Real companies are not like this .	pos_neg	8565
You just know .	You just do not know .	pos_neg	8566
But think he is anti-American .	But do not think he is anti-American .	pos_neg	8567
" He is on paid administrative leave , " Nigbur said .	" He is not on paid administrative leave , " Nigbur said .	pos_neg	8568
In Nairobi , banker Jane Wachiuri thinks so .	In Nairobi , banker Jane Wachiuri does not think so .	pos_neg	8569
The gravedigger was exactly sure what to do next .	The gravedigger was not exactly sure what to do next .	pos_neg	8570
Pentagon officials disputed the seriousness of the problems .	Pentagon officials did not dispute the seriousness of the problems .	pos_neg	8571
He offered specific reasons ; the court papers offered no motive .	He did not offer specific reasons ; the court papers offered no motive .	pos_neg	8572
Allen had to go far to show up on Thursday .	Allen did not have to go far to show up on Thursday .	pos_neg	8573
We have had the depth in past years to do that .	We have not had the depth in past years to do that .	pos_neg	8574
But perhaps she needs to .	But perhaps she does not need to .	pos_neg	8575
Today , the Army has an operational role here .	Today , the Army does not have an operational role here .	pos_neg	8576
I was trying to gain a thing .	I was not trying to gain a thing .	pos_neg	8577
But that was the only messiness .	But that was not the only messiness .	pos_neg	8578
However , it was clear in what way they would be included .	However , it was not clear in what way they would be included .	pos_neg	8579
But Bean Town is just about shopping .	But Bean Town is not just about shopping .	pos_neg	8580
I know if it takes longer .	I do not know if it takes longer .	pos_neg	8581
Most startling , it argued that Moses himself was a Jew .	Most startling , it argued that Moses himself was not a Jew .	pos_neg	8582
Unions argue the government is doing enough to bring in business .	Unions argue the government is not doing enough to bring in business .	pos_neg	8583
Vatican officials have decided whether he will visit other U.S. cities .	Vatican officials have not decided whether he will visit other U.S. cities .	pos_neg	8584
" " Offensively we just got it done .	" " Offensively we just did not get it done .	pos_neg	8585
Yusof said oil palm cultivation is responsible for the destruction of rainforests .	Yusof said oil palm cultivation is not responsible for the destruction of rainforests .	pos_neg	8586
Obviously , the defense was as clean as a whistle .	Obviously , the defense was not as clean as a whistle .	pos_neg	8587
The cause was known .	The cause was not known .	pos_neg	8588
Bowyer , though , had to win .	Bowyer , though , did not have to win .	pos_neg	8589
But it has been so hot for inhaled insulin .	But it has not been so hot for inhaled insulin .	pos_neg	8590
He was a killer of men , as Virgil Cole was .	He was not a killer of men , as Virgil Cole was .	pos_neg	8591
I know how many there were .	I do not know how many there were .	pos_neg	8592
It matters what you do , you cannot win .	It does not matter what you do , you cannot win .	pos_neg	8593
They are intimidated by what people say to them in chat rooms .	They are not intimidated by what people say to them in chat rooms .	pos_neg	8594
I had to finish .	I did not have to finish .	pos_neg	8595
It was clear who was responsible for the missile attack .	It was not clear who was responsible for the missile attack .	pos_neg	8596
What I can say is it was LPG that caused this .	What I can say is it was not LPG that caused this .	pos_neg	8597
But really , let 's get too carried away .	But really , let 's not get too carried away .	pos_neg	8598
But good politics means good economics .	But good politics does not mean good economics .	pos_neg	8599
The horse was injured , officials said .	The horse was not injured , officials said .	pos_neg	8600
Tampa Bay D Brad Lukowich ( shoulder ) played .	Tampa Bay D Brad Lukowich ( shoulder ) did not play .	pos_neg	8601
But it is his approach to scripture that draws this crowd .	But it is not his approach to scripture that draws this crowd .	pos_neg	8602
For close to a century , Buick built trucks .	For close to a century , Buick did not build trucks .	pos_neg	8603
The problems are all about Bush 's policy .	The problems are not all about Bush 's policy .	pos_neg	8604
But my problem is saying what I think .	But my problem is not saying what I think .	pos_neg	8605
The debate happened .	The debate did not happen .	pos_neg	8606
I want people to think I have done something financially wrong .	I do not want people to think I have done something financially wrong .	pos_neg	8607
They were only friendly , our neighbors , they took us in .	They were not only friendly , our neighbors , they took us in .	pos_neg	8608
Alfonseca appealed the suspension but pitched against New York .	Alfonseca appealed the suspension but did not pitch against New York .	pos_neg	8609
They say the officers returned the fire .	They say the officers did not return the fire .	pos_neg	8610
New Alliance has proposed easing immigration laws .	New Alliance has not proposed easing immigration laws .	pos_neg	8611
It is conservatism , suspicious of federal power .	It is not conservatism , suspicious of federal power .	pos_neg	8612
But this lively discussion has really reached the presidential debates .	But this lively discussion has not really reached the presidential debates .	pos_neg	8613
Morgan Stanley admitted wrongdoing .	Morgan Stanley did not admit wrongdoing .	pos_neg	8614
It was the way to go if you wanted to advance .	It was not the way to go if you wanted to advance .	pos_neg	8615
MPC members give a pretty clear steer It is easy .	MPC members give a pretty clear steer It is not easy .	pos_neg	8616
Nolan was talking about giving gifts away .	Nolan was not talking about giving gifts away .	pos_neg	8617
Chicago is lagging behind the others at this stage .	Chicago is not lagging behind the others at this stage .	pos_neg	8618
Until now , Mauritania has been viewed as an exception .	Until now , Mauritania has not been viewed as an exception .	pos_neg	8619
But keeping up with the Frankensteins is easy or cheap .	But keeping up with the Frankensteins is not easy or cheap .	pos_neg	8620
The rest of the team was persuaded .	The rest of the team was not persuaded .	pos_neg	8621
The sensor has 12.7 megapixels , which is exceptional .	The sensor has 12.7 megapixels , which is not exceptional .	pos_neg	8622
And his fans wanted him to die .	And his fans did not want him to die .	pos_neg	8623
Or I scrub my bathroom floor .	Or I do not scrub my bathroom floor .	pos_neg	8624
The problem is , he is really capable of doing that .	The problem is , he is not really capable of doing that .	pos_neg	8625
I see him playing in the immediate future for Pakistan .	I do not see him playing in the immediate future for Pakistan .	pos_neg	8626
The official was hurt , but a guard was among the wounded .	The official was not hurt , but a guard was among the wounded .	pos_neg	8627
But the station is wheelchair-accessible .	But the station is not wheelchair-accessible .	pos_neg	8628
" Oh , I know , " she replied .	" Oh , I do not know , " she replied .	pos_neg	8629
BEETLEBANK , Earwig Green , sounds the most attractive of addresses .	BEETLEBANK , Earwig Green , does not sound the most attractive of addresses .	pos_neg	8630
Carney said he is interested in helping the county achieve socioeconomic balance .	Carney said he is not interested in helping the county achieve socioeconomic balance .	pos_neg	8631
That was the case a couple of years ago .	That was not the case a couple of years ago .	pos_neg	8632
He said that it was likely to have been food poisoning .	He said that it was not likely to have been food poisoning .	pos_neg	8633
Analysts expect the group to block the deal .	Analysts do not expect the group to block the deal .	pos_neg	8634
" They go after those people , " Mr. Anderson said .	" They do not go after those people , " Mr. Anderson said .	pos_neg	8635
Norway and Australia go through Actually , it is .	Norway and Australia go through Actually , it is not .	pos_neg	8636
Construction has begun .	Construction has not begun .	pos_neg	8637
Voters want to be transformed ; they want to be defended .	Voters do not want to be transformed ; they want to be defended .	pos_neg	8638
This is viewed as a short-term relationship .	This is not viewed as a short-term relationship .	pos_neg	8639
That was the case here .	That was not the case here .	pos_neg	8640
Parente specified in which countries the arrests were carried out .	Parente did not specify in which countries the arrests were carried out .	pos_neg	8641
But Hank Steinbrenner said that was a concern .	But Hank Steinbrenner said that was not a concern .	pos_neg	8642
They specified those additional countries .	They did not specify those additional countries .	pos_neg	8643
I think psychiatric conditions are wholly genetically based .	I do not think psychiatric conditions are wholly genetically based .	pos_neg	8644
I am really that orderly with what 's inside my handbag .	I am not really that orderly with what 's inside my handbag .	pos_neg	8645
The CDC tracks childhood obesity .	The CDC does not track childhood obesity .	pos_neg	8646
They have Internet .	They do not have Internet .	pos_neg	8647
I like the British ones .	I do not like the British ones .	pos_neg	8648
Her body worked out , but I like that she tried .	Her body did not work out , but I like that she tried .	pos_neg	8649
" I know , " Ana replied .	" I do not know , " Ana replied .	pos_neg	8650
The press is free .	The press is not free .	pos_neg	8651
Or you might discover that you were hungry to begin with .	Or you might discover that you were not hungry to begin with .	pos_neg	8652
The tragedy was forgotten .	The tragedy was not forgotten .	pos_neg	8653
We are interested in being judged after six games .	We are not interested in being judged after six games .	pos_neg	8654
" So that is so bad , " Myers said .	" So that is not so bad , " Myers said .	pos_neg	8655
And , clearly , the Red Sox expected Matsuzaka to regress .	And , clearly , the Red Sox did not expect Matsuzaka to regress .	pos_neg	8656
It took long for us to know better .	It did not take long for us to know better .	pos_neg	8657
Verizon said it keeps such information .	Verizon said it does not keep such information .	pos_neg	8658
Messages left with Thompson campaign were returned .	Messages left with Thompson campaign were not returned .	pos_neg	8659
I want the scientists to be sad .	I do not want the scientists to be sad .	pos_neg	8660
Sudanese government officials returned phone calls seeking comment .	Sudanese government officials did not return phone calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	8661
He needed the extra reach .	He did not need the extra reach .	pos_neg	8662
That snake is just for show .	That snake is not just for show .	pos_neg	8663
The affable actor hesitates with his reply .	The affable actor does not hesitate with his reply .	pos_neg	8664
She is the only one .	She is not the only one .	pos_neg	8665
But he treats my niece or sister that way .	But he does not treat my niece or sister that way .	pos_neg	8666
" CSI " it is .	" CSI " it is not .	pos_neg	8667
But as Senator Feingold pointed out , we have limitless resources .	But as Senator Feingold pointed out , we do not have limitless resources .	pos_neg	8668
The frontrunners were asked about Craig 's decision to reconsider his resignation .	The frontrunners were not asked about Craig 's decision to reconsider his resignation .	pos_neg	8669
But doctors expect to do these surgeries soon .	But doctors do not expect to do these surgeries soon .	pos_neg	8670
Many said they felt their children loved them .	Many said they felt their children did not love them .	pos_neg	8671
Bush wants you to know he is Bill Clinton .	Bush wants you to know he is not Bill Clinton .	pos_neg	8672
Their identities were released .	Their identities were not released .	pos_neg	8673
" We know about winter , " she said .	" We do not know about winter , " she said .	pos_neg	8674
Zerqa Abid says her niqab has curtailed her career .	Zerqa Abid says her niqab has not curtailed her career .	pos_neg	8675
Hey , Michael Jordan was MVP every season he won a championship .	Hey , Michael Jordan was not MVP every season he won a championship .	pos_neg	8676
you are going to deliver on the big challenges .	you are not going to deliver on the big challenges .	pos_neg	8677
It was clear whether Jordan would allow a a burial there .	It was not clear whether Jordan would allow a a burial there .	pos_neg	8678
Nationalisation is that bad an option provided the price is low .	Nationalisation is not that bad an option provided the price is low .	pos_neg	8679
Calls to Atkinson and other Disney representatives were immediately returned .	Calls to Atkinson and other Disney representatives were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	8680
We care .	We do not care .	pos_neg	8681
I know what I did exactly but apparently it was horrific .	I do not know what I did exactly but apparently it was horrific .	pos_neg	8682
It is as if the new Democrat-controlled Congress did nothing during 2007 .	It is not as if the new Democrat-controlled Congress did nothing during 2007 .	pos_neg	8683
" I bring good news , " Chun told reporters .	" I do not bring good news , " Chun told reporters .	pos_neg	8684
" I am kidding , " she said .	" I am not kidding , " she said .	pos_neg	8685
He became the first quarterback the Eagles sacked this season .	He became the first quarterback the Eagles did not sack this season .	pos_neg	8686
" I know I am going to live , " Navarra said .	" I know I am not going to live , " Navarra said .	pos_neg	8687
The luxury tax is the only additional money the Yankees pay .	The luxury tax is not the only additional money the Yankees pay .	pos_neg	8688
That is my place to give .	That is not my place to give .	pos_neg	8689
You 're going to get every vote .	You 're not going to get every vote .	pos_neg	8690
It has the capacity to lead .	It does not have the capacity to lead .	pos_neg	8691
No , I am out of my mind .	No , I am not out of my mind .	pos_neg	8692
This has happened .	This has not happened .	pos_neg	8693
This is the time to count calories .	This is not the time to count calories .	pos_neg	8694
It is every day that teams score 30 runs in a game .	It is not every day that teams score 30 runs in a game .	pos_neg	8695
Power-sharing talks Its books were for lending , but for consulting .	Power-sharing talks Its books were not for lending , but for consulting .	pos_neg	8696
He says he wants to be mean-spirited about the whole thing .	He says he does not want to be mean-spirited about the whole thing .	pos_neg	8697
The Indians had that luxury last night .	The Indians did not have that luxury last night .	pos_neg	8698
This is the first time LOST has come up , of course .	This is not the first time LOST has come up , of course .	pos_neg	8699
Either way , it was going in my mouth .	Either way , it was not going in my mouth .	pos_neg	8700
I am going to take that away from him .	I am not going to take that away from him .	pos_neg	8701
Her shapeliness suggested that she would borne three children .	Her shapeliness did not suggest that she would borne three children .	pos_neg	8702
" It is a physical problem , " she said .	" It is not a physical problem , " she said .	pos_neg	8703
I am curious what evidence they have now they had before .	I am curious what evidence they have now they did not have before .	pos_neg	8704
Something is right here .	Something is not right here .	pos_neg	8705
A request to interview Duchene was immediately answered by police Wednesday .	A request to interview Duchene was not immediately answered by police Wednesday .	pos_neg	8706
I feared for my own safety .	I did not fear for my own safety .	pos_neg	8707
Politics has been the same since .	Politics has not been the same since .	pos_neg	8708
And he had to endure the digging process himself .	And he did not have to endure the digging process himself .	pos_neg	8709
She just feels she needs to use it .	She just does not feel she needs to use it .	pos_neg	8710
An after-hours call to Kanan 's agent was immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Kanan 's agent was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	8711
It is that it directly affects the underlying pathology .	It is not that it directly affects the underlying pathology .	pos_neg	8712
The figures include mortgage debt .	The figures do not include mortgage debt .	pos_neg	8713
The water had started to seep over but there were big puddles .	The water had not started to seep over but there were big puddles .	pos_neg	8714
Some students see it that way .	Some students do not see it that way .	pos_neg	8715
" I am an investigator , " he said .	" I am not an investigator , " he said .	pos_neg	8716
But that means we have a military alliance with them .	But that does not mean we have a military alliance with them .	pos_neg	8717
" I know , " she said about the expected support .	" I do not know , " she said about the expected support .	pos_neg	8718
But she did that .	But she did not do that .	pos_neg	8719
" I am embarrassed , " said the Frenchman .	" I am not embarrassed , " said the Frenchman .	pos_neg	8720
He returned calls seeking comment on the suspension .	He did not return calls seeking comment on the suspension .	pos_neg	8721
In itself this have been a problem .	In itself this need not have been a problem .	pos_neg	8722
But he admitted that Richey 's family had the money .	But he admitted that Richey 's family did not have the money .	pos_neg	8723
But they mounted another charge .	But they did not mount another charge .	pos_neg	8724
But this stops insistent prospective buyers from calling .	But this does not stop insistent prospective buyers from calling .	pos_neg	8725
I understood what was happening .	I did not understand what was happening .	pos_neg	8726
The four children have been in school since they were diagnosed .	The four children have not been in school since they were diagnosed .	pos_neg	8727
Delta is the only airline under pressure from investors .	Delta is not the only airline under pressure from investors .	pos_neg	8728
But they want to bother with it .	But they do not want to bother with it .	pos_neg	8729
T : Yeah , no , I am .	T : Yeah , no , I am not .	pos_neg	8730
But some analysts were impressed with the explanation .	But some analysts were not impressed with the explanation .	pos_neg	8731
But many of our customers have the same policy .	But many of our customers do not have the same policy .	pos_neg	8732
This Turkish coffee addiction was to be toyed with .	This Turkish coffee addiction was not to be toyed with .	pos_neg	8733
But she stopped there .	But she did not stop there .	pos_neg	8734
He is wrong .	He is not wrong .	pos_neg	8735
BUSH : You know , I know .	BUSH : You know , I do not know .	pos_neg	8736
Pro football is a sport that is known for its tender mercies .	Pro football is not a sport that is known for its tender mercies .	pos_neg	8737
If that works , try the Ninth .	If that does not work , try the Ninth .	pos_neg	8738
Terminal 5 is only supposed to alleviate many of those problems .	Terminal 5 is not only supposed to alleviate many of those problems .	pos_neg	8739
" I know how to answer this , " Darmon said .	" I do not know how to answer this , " Darmon said .	pos_neg	8740
Increased fuel efficiency , however , is free .	Increased fuel efficiency , however , is not free .	pos_neg	8741
Just forget that the taxman too can play a big part .	Just do not forget that the taxman too can play a big part .	pos_neg	8742
I had black friends ; I had friends that were black .	I did not have black friends ; I had friends that were black .	pos_neg	8743
He had brought the box into the flat .	He had not brought the box into the flat .	pos_neg	8744
Those e-mails reach us instantly .	Those e-mails do not reach us instantly .	pos_neg	8745
The type of appeal he has right now comes around often .	The type of appeal he has right now does not come around often .	pos_neg	8746
This is a good division .	This is not a good division .	pos_neg	8747
The NFL is a social club .	The NFL is not a social club .	pos_neg	8748
And some teams stay very good for long .	And some teams do not stay very good for long .	pos_neg	8749
The player 's agent Brian Overstreet was immediately available for comment .	The player 's agent Brian Overstreet was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	8750
and who are connecting to the economy .	and who are not connecting to the economy .	pos_neg	8751
Their names and other details were released by the court .	Their names and other details were not released by the court .	pos_neg	8752
" We are perfect , " Garnett said .	" We are not perfect , " Garnett said .	pos_neg	8753
Being defeated in a quarter-final by B-grade opponents is .	Being defeated in a quarter-final by B-grade opponents is not .	pos_neg	8754
A spokesman for Radiohead was available for comment .	A spokesman for Radiohead was not available for comment .	pos_neg	8755
The country was named .	The country was not named .	pos_neg	8756
The rifle regulations are at issue before the Supreme Court .	The rifle regulations are not at issue before the Supreme Court .	pos_neg	8757
Leader of the council Richard Parry Hughes was available for interview .	Leader of the council Richard Parry Hughes was not available for interview .	pos_neg	8758
Israel has confirmed the attack or commented about it .	Israel has not confirmed the attack or commented about it .	pos_neg	8759
But they made all of their own luck .	But they did not make all of their own luck .	pos_neg	8760
His efforts delayed Oldsmobile 's demise , but prevented it .	His efforts delayed Oldsmobile 's demise , but did not prevent it .	pos_neg	8761
A Blackwater spokeswoman responded to e-mails or phone messages seeking comment .	A Blackwater spokeswoman did not respond to e-mails or phone messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	8762
His wounds were life-threatening , officials said .	His wounds were not life-threatening , officials said .	pos_neg	8763
Nokia was immediately available for comment .	Nokia was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	8764
Driving safe has to mean being bound to some grocery-getter mom-mobile .	Driving safe does not have to mean being bound to some grocery-getter mom-mobile .	pos_neg	8765
They said they watched television .	They said they did not watch television .	pos_neg	8766
This is such a tough job , actually .	This is not such a tough job , actually .	pos_neg	8767
It is your fault , it is mine .	It is not your fault , it is mine .	pos_neg	8768
I know what kind but apparently they were .	I do not know what kind but apparently they were .	pos_neg	8769
He flinched .	He did not flinch .	pos_neg	8770
On any given day we have more than 20,000 troops operating .	On any given day we do not have more than 20,000 troops operating .	pos_neg	8771
The justices indicated when they would rule .	The justices did not indicate when they would rule .	pos_neg	8772
They said they minded the long trek .	They said they did not mind the long trek .	pos_neg	8773
The BBC is responsible for the content of external sites .	The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites .	pos_neg	8774
They were ignored in return ; crackdowns grew increasingly severe .	They were not ignored in return ; crackdowns grew increasingly severe .	pos_neg	8775
But the chart 's subject concerned the latest hot tech stock .	But the chart 's subject did not concern the latest hot tech stock .	pos_neg	8776
" I am , " I said , expecting a cheer .	" I am not , " I said , expecting a cheer .	pos_neg	8777
, but arrived as scheduled .	, but did not arrive as scheduled .	pos_neg	8778
You achieve greatness through human rights abuses .	You do not achieve greatness through human rights abuses .	pos_neg	8779
" This is a Chad Pennington issue , " Mangini said .	" This is not a Chad Pennington issue , " Mangini said .	pos_neg	8780
And perhaps that is a question worth asking .	And perhaps that is not a question worth asking .	pos_neg	8781
So far , French has fit into that equation .	So far , French has not fit into that equation .	pos_neg	8782
You are the only one .	You are not the only one .	pos_neg	8783
I finished the semester and went back .	I finished the semester and did not go back .	pos_neg	8784
He elaborated to reporters outside court Tuesday .	He did not elaborate to reporters outside court Tuesday .	pos_neg	8785
Radishes belong just on your salad .	Radishes do not belong just on your salad .	pos_neg	8786
Gingrich : This is about 2008 .	Gingrich : This is not about 2008 .	pos_neg	8787
I am getting reception .	I am not getting reception .	pos_neg	8788
It was immediately clear if Angle had an attorney .	It was not immediately clear if Angle had an attorney .	pos_neg	8789
But that is what he wanted to do , he adds .	But that is not what he wanted to do , he adds .	pos_neg	8790
I function that way .	I do not function that way .	pos_neg	8791
Total revenues changed as a result of this re-categorization .	Total revenues did not change as a result of this re-categorization .	pos_neg	8792
" This was really high technology , " Goodell said .	" This was not really high technology , " Goodell said .	pos_neg	8793
Results later revealed he had the disease .	Results later revealed he did not have the disease .	pos_neg	8794
The FBI gave figures for Hispanics .	The FBI did not give figures for Hispanics .	pos_neg	8795
The brain implant hinders learning .	The brain implant does not hinder learning .	pos_neg	8796
If you are confused at this point , fret .	If you are confused at this point , do not fret .	pos_neg	8797
He said he was worried about the Internet stealing viewers from TV .	He said he was not worried about the Internet stealing viewers from TV .	pos_neg	8798
Patrick cuddles or kiss up .	Patrick does not cuddle or kiss up .	pos_neg	8799
Cookie said he had .	Cookie said he had not .	pos_neg	8800
The national curriculum had been invented .	The national curriculum had not been invented .	pos_neg	8801
Our pie last year had that .	Our pie last year did not have that .	pos_neg	8802
It took up the law .	It did not take up the law .	pos_neg	8803
" The two died , " he said .	" The two did not die , " he said .	pos_neg	8804
We just know where to look , there is stuff everywhere .	We just do not know where to look , there is stuff everywhere .	pos_neg	8805
That is why today 's leaders are touching this question .	That is why today 's leaders are not touching this question .	pos_neg	8806
" " You get to choose .	" " You do not get to choose .	pos_neg	8807
Winning the World Series was satisfaction enough .	Winning the World Series was not satisfaction enough .	pos_neg	8808
Simon had been called .	Simon had not been called .	pos_neg	8809
This list of trademarks is exhaustive .	This list of trademarks is not exhaustive .	pos_neg	8810
" This is my role , " he protested .	" This is not my role , " he protested .	pos_neg	8811
A call to the company Friday was returned .	A call to the company Friday was not returned .	pos_neg	8812
But other drivers were happy to be near me .	But other drivers were not happy to be near me .	pos_neg	8813
But that is quite how universities see it .	But that is not quite how universities see it .	pos_neg	8814
He had been misbehaving and was allowed visitors .	He had been misbehaving and was not allowed visitors .	pos_neg	8815
If they cross that white , we win .	If they do not cross that white , we win .	pos_neg	8816
She felt like talking about college .	She did not feel like talking about college .	pos_neg	8817
Grassley has said his probe is about theology .	Grassley has said his probe is not about theology .	pos_neg	8818
So far people seem to mind .	So far people do not seem to mind .	pos_neg	8819
There is another aspect of that performance that they talk about .	There is another aspect of that performance that they do not talk about .	pos_neg	8820
" That is true , " I told her .	" That is not true , " I told her .	pos_neg	8821
I understand what the problem is .	I do not understand what the problem is .	pos_neg	8822
But she also was ready to bury a competitor .	But she also was not ready to bury a competitor .	pos_neg	8823
This is a nostalgic trip .	This is not a nostalgic trip .	pos_neg	8824
Professor McCown buys this argument .	Professor McCown does not buy this argument .	pos_neg	8825
Things like air-conditioning systems are very efficient .	Things like air-conditioning systems are not very efficient .	pos_neg	8826
A call to Lohan attorney David J. Ozeran was immediately returned Wednesday .	A call to Lohan attorney David J. Ozeran was not immediately returned Wednesday .	pos_neg	8827
I was , she was just a friend .	I was not , she was just a friend .	pos_neg	8828
But it is impossible .	But it is not impossible .	pos_neg	8829
This is just about Iraq .	This is not just about Iraq .	pos_neg	8830
Erdogan 's aides were immediately available to confirm the conversation .	Erdogan 's aides were not immediately available to confirm the conversation .	pos_neg	8831
Pick on me .	Do not pick on me .	pos_neg	8832
But it was about distance .	But it was not about distance .	pos_neg	8833
A lawyer for Mr. Forgeard returned calls seeking comment today .	A lawyer for Mr. Forgeard did not return calls seeking comment today .	pos_neg	8834
Our experts said doctors often share information about test results .	Our experts said doctors often do not share information about test results .	pos_neg	8835
But I just have heard his voice .	But I just have not heard his voice .	pos_neg	8836
" I have glasses on , " she said .	" I do not have glasses on , " she said .	pos_neg	8837
He was able to make an adjustment .	He was not able to make an adjustment .	pos_neg	8838
I am terribly anxious when it is finished .	I am terribly anxious when it is not finished .	pos_neg	8839
Bush has officially signed off on Petraeus 's recommendations .	Bush has not officially signed off on Petraeus 's recommendations .	pos_neg	8840
And I think I will .	And I do not think I will .	pos_neg	8841
" " It is in our interest .	" " It is not in our interest .	pos_neg	8842
But the report appeased Wal-mart 's critics .	But the report did not appease Wal-mart 's critics .	pos_neg	8843
You practice those , that is for sure .	You do not practice those , that is for sure .	pos_neg	8844
When 10 % of people take the painkiller , it works .	When 10 % of people take the painkiller , it does not work .	pos_neg	8845
They are being educated .	They are not being educated .	pos_neg	8846
Effectively engaging on the region level has emerged as a major priority .	Effectively engaging on the region level has not emerged as a major priority .	pos_neg	8847
But a lot of people have given up .	But a lot of people have not given up .	pos_neg	8848
Saget knows how to tell it .	Saget does not know how to tell it .	pos_neg	8849
Through or down , I know .	Through or down , I do not know .	pos_neg	8850
Her injuries were life threatening .	Her injuries were not life threatening .	pos_neg	8851
The timing of the trip has been announced .	The timing of the trip has not been announced .	pos_neg	8852
Sue Davis is happy .	Sue Davis is not happy .	pos_neg	8853
A CBS spokesman insisted that Letterman is retiring .	A CBS spokesman insisted that Letterman is not retiring .	pos_neg	8854
It was easy but we did it .	It was not easy but we did it .	pos_neg	8855
For example , car bombs count .	For example , car bombs do not count .	pos_neg	8856
They knew what to expect .	They did not know what to expect .	pos_neg	8857
We are saving money for retirement at this point .	We are not saving money for retirement at this point .	pos_neg	8858
It is About The West .	It is Not About The West .	pos_neg	8859
It appears that this was her first attack on a human .	It appears that this was not her first attack on a human .	pos_neg	8860
It took long for a repeat performance .	It did not take long for a repeat performance .	pos_neg	8861
He allowed a runner to reach second base after that .	He did not allow a runner to reach second base after that .	pos_neg	8862
I feel this is right .	I feel this is not right .	pos_neg	8863
Moses made that announcement , a Dodgers publicist did .	Moses did not make that announcement , a Dodgers publicist did .	pos_neg	8864
She was enervated .	She was not enervated .	pos_neg	8865
" We want to stop now , " Daltrey said .	" We do not want to stop now , " Daltrey said .	pos_neg	8866
That document has materialized so far , McCormack said .	That document has not materialized so far , McCormack said .	pos_neg	8867
But money is the only reason Princeton does well .	But money is not the only reason Princeton does well .	pos_neg	8868
We were in the middle of dancing and wanted them in .	We were in the middle of dancing and did not want them in .	pos_neg	8869
" That was our driving force , " Ms. Birk said .	" That was not our driving force , " Ms. Birk said .	pos_neg	8870
That is a very sexy feature to demo .	That is not a very sexy feature to demo .	pos_neg	8871
Alba : I know .	Alba : I do not know .	pos_neg	8872
You really have to rub it in .	You really do not have to rub it in .	pos_neg	8873
At that time , the company disclosed which drugs were involved .	At that time , the company did not disclose which drugs were involved .	pos_neg	8874
, was returned Thursday night .	, was not returned Thursday night .	pos_neg	8875
Colonel Holcomb apologizes for his advocacy of PolyHeme or Factor VII .	Colonel Holcomb does not apologize for his advocacy of PolyHeme or Factor VII .	pos_neg	8876
England act as if they are a force in world football .	England do not act as if they are a force in world football .	pos_neg	8877
Endure but give in .	Endure but do not give in .	pos_neg	8878
Fifteen guards voted .	Fifteen guards did not vote .	pos_neg	8879
But light is the idea here .	But light is not the idea here .	pos_neg	8880
His diligence has gone unnoticed .	His diligence has not gone unnoticed .	pos_neg	8881
Some of these writers are unemployed because they are very good .	Some of these writers are unemployed because they are not very good .	pos_neg	8882
Kosovo status He has had a top 10 hit since .	Kosovo status He has not had a top 10 hit since .	pos_neg	8883
That is to say the entire industry is in the clear .	That is not to say the entire industry is in the clear .	pos_neg	8884
It is going to be easy .	It is not going to be easy .	pos_neg	8885
Then they are so nice to me .	Then they are not so nice to me .	pos_neg	8886
Dr. Erickson , however , wanted a long-distance relationship .	Dr. Erickson , however , did not want a long-distance relationship .	pos_neg	8887
" " We think it is the right way forward .	" " We do not think it is the right way forward .	pos_neg	8888
Mitchell issued a statement that went into specifics .	Mitchell issued a statement that did not go into specifics .	pos_neg	8889
Now , that is to say that white bread is causing that .	Now , that is not to say that white bread is causing that .	pos_neg	8890
Some leaders want to give concessions to a short-term president .	Some leaders do not want to give concessions to a short-term president .	pos_neg	8891
The reality is sometimes that is the case .	The reality is sometimes that is not the case .	pos_neg	8892
Apart from this year but , again , we are mentioning that .	Apart from this year but , again , we are not mentioning that .	pos_neg	8893
It is worse than it was yesterday .	It is not worse than it was yesterday .	pos_neg	8894
I am into international politics .	I am not into international politics .	pos_neg	8895
You 're going to get it unless you stop this .	You 're not going to get it unless you stop this .	pos_neg	8896
For me the difference in quality between the teams is so great .	For me the difference in quality between the teams is not so great .	pos_neg	8897
Mr. Taylor , who was hit , was arrested by the officers .	Mr. Taylor , who was not hit , was arrested by the officers .	pos_neg	8898
Often the most basic check will reveal that the promoter is licensed .	Often the most basic check will reveal that the promoter is not licensed .	pos_neg	8899
But that is what got him ousted .	But that is not what got him ousted .	pos_neg	8900
Wines with these flaws made our list .	Wines with these flaws did not make our list .	pos_neg	8901
Iran has turned Iraq into its puppet .	Iran has not turned Iraq into its puppet .	pos_neg	8902
" I gamble , " said rapper Lil Wayne .	" I do not gamble , " said rapper Lil Wayne .	pos_neg	8903
He was hurt in the fall .	He was not hurt in the fall .	pos_neg	8904
Officials have said if the body was that of Stanford .	Officials have not said if the body was that of Stanford .	pos_neg	8905
But its legacy has prevented the neighborhood from harsh urban realities .	But its legacy has not prevented the neighborhood from harsh urban realities .	pos_neg	8906
The way we live is helpful .	The way we live is not helpful .	pos_neg	8907
And it is just Modena , it is in the whole world .	And it is not just Modena , it is in the whole world .	pos_neg	8908
I was fresh today as i could be .	I was not fresh today as i could be .	pos_neg	8909
News is always about the bad things , Mr. Mendelson noted .	News is not always about the bad things , Mr. Mendelson noted .	pos_neg	8910
Francona says he knows for certain what happened after that .	Francona says he does not know for certain what happened after that .	pos_neg	8911
Unfortunately in my case , the balance was struck very well .	Unfortunately in my case , the balance was not struck very well .	pos_neg	8912
And let the bastards get you down , bro !	And do not let the bastards get you down , bro !	pos_neg	8913
That is a view shared by many parents .	That is not a view shared by many parents .	pos_neg	8914
I recognise the photograph of the murdered girl .	I do not recognise the photograph of the murdered girl .	pos_neg	8915
Thank God I am flying .	Thank God I am not flying .	pos_neg	8916
It was a rewarding endeavor .	It was not a rewarding endeavor .	pos_neg	8917
It was what you 'd call an overwhelming turnout .	It was not what you 'd call an overwhelming turnout .	pos_neg	8918
" " It has been like that for a long time .	" " It has not been like that for a long time .	pos_neg	8919
" It is right , " she said .	" It is not right , " she said .	pos_neg	8920
CINCINNATI - Chad Johnson is talking .	CINCINNATI - Chad Johnson is not talking .	pos_neg	8921
Financial terms of the deal were revealed .	Financial terms of the deal were not revealed .	pos_neg	8922
The man walking toward them was the person they wanted .	The man walking toward them was not the person they wanted .	pos_neg	8923
" He was the same after that , " Posada said .	" He was not the same after that , " Posada said .	pos_neg	8924
But you see an overwhelming amount of evidence for water .	But you do not see an overwhelming amount of evidence for water .	pos_neg	8925
C , there just was a real hunger for low-cost travel .	C , there just was not a real hunger for low-cost travel .	pos_neg	8926
The identity of the victims was immediately known .	The identity of the victims was not immediately known .	pos_neg	8927
It is like they all willingly left town .	It is not like they all willingly left town .	pos_neg	8928
It is going to be about Ronald Reagan .	It is not going to be about Ronald Reagan .	pos_neg	8929
" " If there is a club I am in it .	" " If there is a club I am not in it .	pos_neg	8930
Most gave their names before speaking .	Most did not give their names before speaking .	pos_neg	8931
I know what his sexual preference is .	I do not know what his sexual preference is .	pos_neg	8932
Stoudemire had played since .	Stoudemire had not played since .	pos_neg	8933
The bear is going anywhere .	The bear is not going anywhere .	pos_neg	8934
But he is elite .	But he is not elite .	pos_neg	8935
The burly lefthander walked a batter and struck out six .	The burly lefthander did not walk a batter and struck out six .	pos_neg	8936
It is the way I wanted to pitch .	It is not the way I wanted to pitch .	pos_neg	8937
Zeitgeist is enough .	Zeitgeist is not enough .	pos_neg	8938
She became less of a singer .	She did not become less of a singer .	pos_neg	8939
She addressed whether the victims had teased the tiger .	She did not address whether the victims had teased the tiger .	pos_neg	8940
The hospital is secured like a prison .	The hospital is not secured like a prison .	pos_neg	8941
But he felt it was enough .	But he felt it was not enough .	pos_neg	8942
Police were talking about why they have focused on the McCanns .	Police were not talking about why they have focused on the McCanns .	pos_neg	8943
The final decision has been made .	The final decision has not been made .	pos_neg	8944
Second , there was really a new epidemic of heart disease .	Second , there was not really a new epidemic of heart disease .	pos_neg	8945
" " Talk to me next week , I know .	" " Talk to me next week , I do not know .	pos_neg	8946
Chaika identified those arrested , or say when they were detained .	Chaika did not identify those arrested , or say when they were detained .	pos_neg	8947
Some will say that is a bad thing .	Some will say that is not a bad thing .	pos_neg	8948
The offense was done putting the defense in awkward situations .	The offense was not done putting the defense in awkward situations .	pos_neg	8949
He is the only celebrity that has confessed to loving the chain .	He is not the only celebrity that has confessed to loving the chain .	pos_neg	8950
Dimension Films screened this film in time for review .	Dimension Films did not screen this film in time for review .	pos_neg	8951
That is his burden .	That is not his burden .	pos_neg	8952
He has struck out in September .	He has not struck out in September .	pos_neg	8953
He also found math knowledge is enough .	He also found math knowledge is not enough .	pos_neg	8954
I guess the customer wanted his bagels to be too fresh .	I guess the customer did not want his bagels to be too fresh .	pos_neg	8955
And it has been particularly expensive or difficult to maintain .	And it has not been particularly expensive or difficult to maintain .	pos_neg	8956
It was always so in Pakistan .	It was not always so in Pakistan .	pos_neg	8957
This is a quick-fix program .	This is not a quick-fix program .	pos_neg	8958
" It is rocket science , " he said .	" It is not rocket science , " he said .	pos_neg	8959
He commented as he left the federal courthouse .	He did not comment as he left the federal courthouse .	pos_neg	8960
" It is only Garnett , " Hawks coach Mike Woodson said .	" It is not only Garnett , " Hawks coach Mike Woodson said .	pos_neg	8961
Spector testified .	Spector did not testify .	pos_neg	8962
The community responds very well , especially if the person is combative .	The community responds very well , especially if the person is not combative .	pos_neg	8963
They were concerned that Zoe had seen every look in the show .	They were concerned that Zoe had not seen every look in the show .	pos_neg	8964
Choosing the best college is just about numbers .	Choosing the best college is not just about numbers .	pos_neg	8965
Other financial aspects of the deal were disclosed .	Other financial aspects of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	8966
" I really know , " he says .	" I really do not know , " he says .	pos_neg	8967
But , she says , killing them was her intention .	But , she says , killing them was not her intention .	pos_neg	8968
But he has practiced since Nov. 30 .	But he has not practiced since Nov. 30 .	pos_neg	8969
The transition to children was easy .	The transition to children was not easy .	pos_neg	8970
The victim sustained severe bruising but was hospitalized .	The victim sustained severe bruising but was not hospitalized .	pos_neg	8971
-Jennifer , Maryland It is part of their vernacular .	-Jennifer , Maryland It is not part of their vernacular .	pos_neg	8972
We have to think of a war .	We do not have to think of a war .	pos_neg	8973
" It is profiting on the death , " he says .	" It is not profiting on the death , " he says .	pos_neg	8974
Spector , 67 , took the witness stand at the trial .	Spector , 67 , did not take the witness stand at the trial .	pos_neg	8975
It puts me off but it puts me out .	It puts me off but it does not put me out .	pos_neg	8976
Servicing agents are selected by borrowers and cannot be fired by them .	Servicing agents are not selected by borrowers and cannot be fired by them .	pos_neg	8977
He is sure .	He is not sure .	pos_neg	8978
Nalbandian is here because he is ranked ninth .	Nalbandian is not here because he is ranked ninth .	pos_neg	8979
Mock them , relish them .	Do not mock them , relish them .	pos_neg	8980
You need votes .	You do not need votes .	pos_neg	8981
Sollecito 's DNA was found on the knife , the statement said .	Sollecito 's DNA was not found on the knife , the statement said .	pos_neg	8982
The ' 57 launch was such a big shock .	The ' 57 launch was not such a big shock .	pos_neg	8983
Government is Clark 's biggest problem , and he is alone .	Government is Clark 's biggest problem , and he is not alone .	pos_neg	8984
" We ask too many questions , " she said .	" We do not ask too many questions , " she said .	pos_neg	8985
Kayak wants very many of SideStep 's people , however .	Kayak does not want very many of SideStep 's people , however .	pos_neg	8986
These things are all evidence of a system that works .	These things are all evidence of a system that does not work .	pos_neg	8987
But I loved him .	But I did not love him .	pos_neg	8988
He is at home .	He is not at home .	pos_neg	8989
I never met a self-help book I liked .	I never met a self-help book I did not like .	pos_neg	8990
The foregoing list of factors is exhaustive .	The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive .	pos_neg	8991
You see it .	You do not see it .	pos_neg	8992
Notes : @ Manny Ramirez started for the Red Sox .	Notes : @ Manny Ramirez did not start for the Red Sox .	pos_neg	8993
People in the community have to be worried .	People in the community do not have to be worried .	pos_neg	8994
The war 's catalytic , but it is about that .	The war 's catalytic , but it is not about that .	pos_neg	8995
The same policy seems to extend to MLS matches .	The same policy does not seem to extend to MLS matches .	pos_neg	8996
It is an issue that we would just prohibit .	It is not an issue that we would just prohibit .	pos_neg	8997
But Mr. Chelminski is dispassionate on the issue .	But Mr. Chelminski is not dispassionate on the issue .	pos_neg	8998
" " It just stops !	" " It just does not stop !	pos_neg	8999
It is just television sitcoms .	It is not just television sitcoms .	pos_neg	9000
I am a threat to her .	I am not a threat to her .	pos_neg	9001
This is to criticise the celebrity chef 's achievements .	This is not to criticise the celebrity chef 's achievements .	pos_neg	9002
I thought it rose to the level of negligent homicide .	I did not think it rose to the level of negligent homicide .	pos_neg	9003
It just seemed real .	It just did not seem real .	pos_neg	9004
The safety of AMITIZA in pregnancy has been evaluated in humans .	The safety of AMITIZA in pregnancy has not been evaluated in humans .	pos_neg	9005
It is clear why .	It is not clear why .	pos_neg	9006
His campaign told CBS News that his statement was a blunder .	His campaign told CBS News that his statement was not a blunder .	pos_neg	9007
My Merc , if I am concentrating , sits at 85 .	My Merc , if I am not concentrating , sits at 85 .	pos_neg	9008
But being just 15 and athletic , irregular cycles were that unusual .	But being just 15 and athletic , irregular cycles were not that unusual .	pos_neg	9009
Queen marks 60 years of marriage Showalter was flattered .	Queen marks 60 years of marriage Showalter was not flattered .	pos_neg	9010
" I think you can dismiss Chelsea , " he said .	" I do not think you can dismiss Chelsea , " he said .	pos_neg	9011
The IG report has been made public by the agency .	The IG report has not been made public by the agency .	pos_neg	9012
He said the pair had been spotted in Mexico .	He said the pair had not been spotted in Mexico .	pos_neg	9013
The amount of the bid was disclosed .	The amount of the bid was not disclosed .	pos_neg	9014
I would be hysterical if my husband were in Mississippi working .	I would be hysterical if my husband were not in Mississippi working .	pos_neg	9015
" I dance , " Dearth said again .	" I do not dance , " Dearth said again .	pos_neg	9016
' " I really understand where it is coming from .	' " I really do not understand where it is coming from .	pos_neg	9017
I am for illegal immigration .	I am not for illegal immigration .	pos_neg	9018
Governor Wins Praise From Blacks These are innocent photos .	Governor Wins Praise From Blacks These are not innocent photos .	pos_neg	9019
But Mr Whelan was prepared to sit down and do nothing .	But Mr Whelan was not prepared to sit down and do nothing .	pos_neg	9020
He said he was primarily involved in ordering violent attacks .	He said he was not primarily involved in ordering violent attacks .	pos_neg	9021
He is here , and he is responsible .	He is here , and he is not responsible .	pos_neg	9022
Calls to officials on Thursday was immediately returned .	Calls to officials on Thursday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	9023
I think that is true .	I do not think that is true .	pos_neg	9024
... " Fred is Superman , " he wrote .	... " Fred is not Superman , " he wrote .	pos_neg	9025
Competition from corporate giants has deterred Dr. Hacker .	Competition from corporate giants has not deterred Dr. Hacker .	pos_neg	9026
And it is about to die now because of the Mitchell report .	And it is not about to die now because of the Mitchell report .	pos_neg	9027
Then it matter , Ma .	Then it do not matter , Ma .	pos_neg	9028
D. CHAPMAN : I did that .	D. CHAPMAN : I did not do that .	pos_neg	9029
But being an agritourist is all social responsibility and education .	But being an agritourist is not all social responsibility and education .	pos_neg	9030
I have seen Piet since breakfast .	I have not seen Piet since breakfast .	pos_neg	9031
Williams returned to the game for nearly seven minutes .	Williams did not return to the game for nearly seven minutes .	pos_neg	9032
Most were built of wood and survived .	Most were built of wood and did not survive .	pos_neg	9033
The First Amendment is very important , but it is everything .	The First Amendment is very important , but it is not everything .	pos_neg	9034
It is about the Jonathan I see .	It is about the Jonathan I do not see .	pos_neg	9035
Thompson wins this nomination without Rudy and Romney both self-destructing .	Thompson does not win this nomination without Rudy and Romney both self-destructing .	pos_neg	9036
I agree .	I do not agree .	pos_neg	9037
" " There is virtually nothing ... that has been damaged .	" " There is virtually nothing ... that has not been damaged .	pos_neg	9038
It is authorized to investigate activities of the National Security Agency .	It is not authorized to investigate activities of the National Security Agency .	pos_neg	9039
It is clear whether he is physically capable of resuming his career .	It is not clear whether he is physically capable of resuming his career .	pos_neg	9040
That solved the problem .	That did not solve the problem .	pos_neg	9041
But the political partnership has been entirely severed .	But the political partnership has not been entirely severed .	pos_neg	9042
" Non-aligned Ministerial Meeting Begins " I obviously had a leg .	" Non-aligned Ministerial Meeting Begins " I obviously did not have a leg .	pos_neg	9043
Even train drivers were white - blacks were allowed .	Even train drivers were white - blacks were not allowed .	pos_neg	9044
" I want to die , " she said .	" I do not want to die , " she said .	pos_neg	9045
I had looked at it that way .	I had not looked at it that way .	pos_neg	9046
An MoD spokeswoman stressed that the Nimrod fleet had been grounded .	An MoD spokeswoman stressed that the Nimrod fleet had not been grounded .	pos_neg	9047
Cho got his guns from a gun show .	Cho did not get his guns from a gun show .	pos_neg	9048
This was the girl power we had in mind .	This was not the girl power we had in mind .	pos_neg	9049
But I am sure that the XL7 is .	But I am not sure that the XL7 is .	pos_neg	9050
" I am real impressed , " D 'Antoni said .	" I am not real impressed , " D 'Antoni said .	pos_neg	9051
We need to point bombs or guns .	We do not need to point bombs or guns .	pos_neg	9052
Maya reports it .	Maya does not report it .	pos_neg	9053
But it is enough to consider broad macro-economic effects .	But it is not enough to consider broad macro-economic effects .	pos_neg	9054
The subject of his address was announced .	The subject of his address was not announced .	pos_neg	9055
She is a flighty , fluffy person .	She is not a flighty , fluffy person .	pos_neg	9056
You accepted an invitation to be a friend on Friendster .	You did not accept an invitation to be a friend on Friendster .	pos_neg	9057
Horses that are on theme-park salaries stalk rolling acreage beside the highway .	Horses that are not on theme-park salaries stalk rolling acreage beside the highway .	pos_neg	9058
Negroponte said that rebel leaders may face sanctions if they attend .	Negroponte said that rebel leaders may face sanctions if they do not attend .	pos_neg	9059
But apparently they are human beings .	But apparently they are not human beings .	pos_neg	9060
Hussain said he is optimistic about the president 's chances there .	Hussain said he is not optimistic about the president 's chances there .	pos_neg	9061
It was supposed to happen that way .	It was not supposed to happen that way .	pos_neg	9062
Georgetown has played since last weekend when the Hoyas beat Radford 110-51 .	Georgetown has not played since last weekend when the Hoyas beat Radford 110-51 .	pos_neg	9063
It was clear if he had an attorney .	It was not clear if he had an attorney .	pos_neg	9064
" We judge the content , " he said .	" We do not judge the content , " he said .	pos_neg	9065
No , I mean live fish or snails .	No , I do not mean live fish or snails .	pos_neg	9066
The 13-member electoral authority was available for comment .	The 13-member electoral authority was not available for comment .	pos_neg	9067
The slaves are happy .	The slaves are not happy .	pos_neg	9068
So my business has been politics .	So my business has not been politics .	pos_neg	9069
" I was aggressive enough at the start , " Webb said .	" I was not aggressive enough at the start , " Webb said .	pos_neg	9070
The nature of their injuries was immediately available .	The nature of their injuries was not immediately available .	pos_neg	9071
He insisted that he missed stand-up .	He insisted that he did not miss stand-up .	pos_neg	9072
It took Connecticut long to prove its superiority .	It did not take Connecticut long to prove its superiority .	pos_neg	9073
Fletcher has spoken to him since the serialisation but was unapologetic .	Fletcher has not spoken to him since the serialisation but was unapologetic .	pos_neg	9074
" " That is low-income .	" " That is not low-income .	pos_neg	9075
" They are evil , " she said .	" They are not evil , " she said .	pos_neg	9076
World-class that is .	World-class that is not .	pos_neg	9077
If it is already .	If it is not already .	pos_neg	9078
Concerns about Mr Putin 's attitude to the media are new .	Concerns about Mr Putin 's attitude to the media are not new .	pos_neg	9079
After all , I am broken .	After all , I am not broken .	pos_neg	9080
He said police knew where the two were or what happened .	He said police did not know where the two were or what happened .	pos_neg	9081
That , he explained correctly , was his job .	That , he explained correctly , was not his job .	pos_neg	9082
SOURCE Cosmetic Bootcamp LLC The plane sent an emergency distress signal .	SOURCE Cosmetic Bootcamp LLC The plane did not send an emergency distress signal .	pos_neg	9083
They sent an e-mail confirmation this time .	They did not send an e-mail confirmation this time .	pos_neg	9084
Kram said such systems convey precise information .	Kram said such systems do not convey precise information .	pos_neg	9085
The oyster was dodgy , Winner contradicts testily .	The oyster was not dodgy , Winner contradicts testily .	pos_neg	9086
Now 40 , Mr. Del Toro is exactly starting out .	Now 40 , Mr. Del Toro is not exactly starting out .	pos_neg	9087
But that means Loudoun is inexpensive .	But that does not mean Loudoun is inexpensive .	pos_neg	9088
You 're an alcoholic .	You 're not an alcoholic .	pos_neg	9089
On Sunday , she commented on the predicted vote tally .	On Sunday , she did not comment on the predicted vote tally .	pos_neg	9090
But the prospect of a sale was popular around the school .	But the prospect of a sale was not popular around the school .	pos_neg	9091
John Daly stuck around for the finish .	John Daly did not stick around for the finish .	pos_neg	9092
Read on ... The agency identified the spokesman .	Read on ... The agency did not identify the spokesman .	pos_neg	9093
Perez responded to a voicemail message left at his home .	Perez did not respond to a voicemail message left at his home .	pos_neg	9094
Keep in mind that the lender wants your home .	Keep in mind that the lender does not want your home .	pos_neg	9095
These are sufficient for a programme to be defined as educational .	These are not sufficient for a programme to be defined as educational .	pos_neg	9096
He wants to go .	He does not want to go .	pos_neg	9097
The NPA has publicly confirmed the issuing of a warrant .	The NPA has not publicly confirmed the issuing of a warrant .	pos_neg	9098
And he is unfamiliar with high-profile jobs .	And he is not unfamiliar with high-profile jobs .	pos_neg	9099
Even the N.F.L. is sure where it goes from here .	Even the N.F.L. is not sure where it goes from here .	pos_neg	9100
" If you mind , " Beth said .	" If you do not mind , " Beth said .	pos_neg	9101
A tie is bad .	A tie is not bad .	pos_neg	9102
Torres 's lawyer responded to calls for comment .	Torres 's lawyer did not respond to calls for comment .	pos_neg	9103
He said he was concerned about the milestone .	He said he was not concerned about the milestone .	pos_neg	9104
Poor weather means the squashes are ripening .	Poor weather means the squashes are not ripening .	pos_neg	9105
She suggested that it happened .	She suggested that it did not happen .	pos_neg	9106
Witnesses said the drug-bust suspect was the liquor store robber .	Witnesses said the drug-bust suspect was not the liquor store robber .	pos_neg	9107
They have to be aspiring singers or dancers .	They do not have to be aspiring singers or dancers .	pos_neg	9108
He said how Cuba obtained the information .	He did not say how Cuba obtained the information .	pos_neg	9109
Those " secret " deals are published in its advertising circulars .	Those " secret " deals are not published in its advertising circulars .	pos_neg	9110
We were negotiating .	We were not negotiating .	pos_neg	9111
And the clothes were strong enough to stand on their own .	And the clothes were not strong enough to stand on their own .	pos_neg	9112
Williams was immediately available for comment .	Williams was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	9113
Message left for Smiley Miley Inc. were immediately returned .	Message left for Smiley Miley Inc. were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	9114
EAST-WEST ties are purely a one-way street .	EAST-WEST ties are not purely a one-way street .	pos_neg	9115
" I think they have the guts , " she said .	" I do not think they have the guts , " she said .	pos_neg	9116
We are really fazed by what 's going on right now .	We are not really fazed by what 's going on right now .	pos_neg	9117
We have the better coach .	We do not have the better coach .	pos_neg	9118
So England waked up yesterday morning as a Catholic country .	So England did not wake up yesterday morning as a Catholic country .	pos_neg	9119
" " But here , I am in control of this machine .	" " But here , I am not in control of this machine .	pos_neg	9120
Home buying is at a standstill , though .	Home buying is not at a standstill , though .	pos_neg	9121
I think I can watch the episode where she dies .	I do not think I can watch the episode where she dies .	pos_neg	9122
Human growth hormones are detectable in drug tests , he said .	Human growth hormones are not detectable in drug tests , he said .	pos_neg	9123
The firms were named .	The firms were not named .	pos_neg	9124
The statement said what charges he faced .	The statement did not say what charges he faced .	pos_neg	9125
It is like that in Stockholm , I can assure you .	It is not like that in Stockholm , I can assure you .	pos_neg	9126
But it was .	But it was not .	pos_neg	9127
We said a word .	We did not say a word .	pos_neg	9128
" I am going to acknowledge that , " he repeated .	" I am not going to acknowledge that , " he repeated .	pos_neg	9129
He has one .	He does not have one .	pos_neg	9130
Mr. Jones explained that he consumes meat or dairy .	Mr. Jones explained that he does not consume meat or dairy .	pos_neg	9131
I was expecting him to throw over .	I was not expecting him to throw over .	pos_neg	9132
" " I am suggesting those things happen simultaneously .	" " I am not suggesting those things happen simultaneously .	pos_neg	9133
Representatives responded to a call seeking comment Saturday .	Representatives did not respond to a call seeking comment Saturday .	pos_neg	9134
We have asked for all work at the site to stop .	We have not asked for all work at the site to stop .	pos_neg	9135
The first F-35s are expected before 2012 .	The first F-35s are not expected before 2012 .	pos_neg	9136
Mr Ziegler is alone in warning of the problem .	Mr Ziegler is not alone in warning of the problem .	pos_neg	9137
" But I know this church is racist , " he said .	" But I know this church is not racist , " he said .	pos_neg	9138
Syria commented on that incident .	Syria did not comment on that incident .	pos_neg	9139
But the path to an international practice has been entirely smooth .	But the path to an international practice has not been entirely smooth .	pos_neg	9140
I think he meant to make a highly charged photograph .	I do not think he meant to make a highly charged photograph .	pos_neg	9141
So a plan to hit Iran is about nuclear proliferation .	So a plan to hit Iran is not about nuclear proliferation .	pos_neg	9142
Ms. Edington commented as she left the courthouse .	Ms. Edington did not comment as she left the courthouse .	pos_neg	9143
We wanted to get our hopes up .	We did not want to get our hopes up .	pos_neg	9144
The future of PCs is bright .	The future of PCs is not bright .	pos_neg	9145
The overall approach is a novelty .	The overall approach is not a novelty .	pos_neg	9146
We are .	We are not .	pos_neg	9147
It de-humiliates you .	It does not de-humiliate you .	pos_neg	9148
I am a sweet-tooth person ; I am more savory .	I am not a sweet-tooth person ; I am more savory .	pos_neg	9149
Ms. Congdon 's agent in Los Angeles was immediately available for comment .	Ms. Congdon 's agent in Los Angeles was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	9150
Manuel was speaking about actions that can be quantified on stat sheets .	Manuel was not speaking about actions that can be quantified on stat sheets .	pos_neg	9151
Beem is the only player desperate for a good week .	Beem is not the only player desperate for a good week .	pos_neg	9152
The past is encouraging .	The past is not encouraging .	pos_neg	9153
But then again I probably was looking .	But then again I probably was not looking .	pos_neg	9154
Mortgage-backed investments seem so enticing when more foreclosures are coming .	Mortgage-backed investments do not seem so enticing when more foreclosures are coming .	pos_neg	9155
Kenya is just another African country .	Kenya is not just another African country .	pos_neg	9156
I think the security staff looks the other way .	I do not think the security staff looks the other way .	pos_neg	9157
The game started that way .	The game did not start that way .	pos_neg	9158
While gone from power , he clearly is forgotten .	While gone from power , he clearly is not forgotten .	pos_neg	9159
The layout , though , was suitable for visiting friends and relatives .	The layout , though , was not suitable for visiting friends and relatives .	pos_neg	9160
Road trips are what they used to be .	Road trips are not what they used to be .	pos_neg	9161
Mr. Benton clarified that Mr. Paul supported blowing up government buildings .	Mr. Benton clarified that Mr. Paul did not support blowing up government buildings .	pos_neg	9162
It was immediately clear where the medals are now .	It was not immediately clear where the medals are now .	pos_neg	9163
I know what half the girls would do without them .	I do not know what half the girls would do without them .	pos_neg	9164
And the bridge is the only problem .	And the bridge is not the only problem .	pos_neg	9165
What is spreading through the Web is exactly artificial intelligence .	What is spreading through the Web is not exactly artificial intelligence .	pos_neg	9166
I am surprised by vice .	I am not surprised by vice .	pos_neg	9167
That was the point .	That was not the point .	pos_neg	9168
It is his knee or ankle .	It is not his knee or ankle .	pos_neg	9169
Slower U.S. growth has a large impact on the European economy .	Slower U.S. growth does not have a large impact on the European economy .	pos_neg	9170
He was just a respected spiritual leader in his homeland .	He was not just a respected spiritual leader in his homeland .	pos_neg	9171
I like to talk about the past .	I do not like to talk about the past .	pos_neg	9172
Luckily this happened .	Luckily this did not happen .	pos_neg	9173
She gave a reason for the departures .	She did not give a reason for the departures .	pos_neg	9174
" It was that unusual , " Medina said .	" It was not that unusual , " Medina said .	pos_neg	9175
This is normal living .	This is not normal living .	pos_neg	9176
My soul , my character is Korean .	My soul , my character is not Korean .	pos_neg	9177
This has been a bar to my progressing in life .	This has not been a bar to my progressing in life .	pos_neg	9178
Mr. Codey is very concerned about the Republicans , however .	Mr. Codey is not very concerned about the Republicans , however .	pos_neg	9179
We want to be confrontational about this .	We do not want to be confrontational about this .	pos_neg	9180
It is hard to find a house here .	It is not hard to find a house here .	pos_neg	9181
All these substitutions help .	All these substitutions do not help .	pos_neg	9182
Finding a nice man is easy .	Finding a nice man is not easy .	pos_neg	9183
And the emphasis is quite on people .	And the emphasis is not quite on people .	pos_neg	9184
Mr. Gore was here , but his name came up frequently .	Mr. Gore was not here , but his name came up frequently .	pos_neg	9185
" This is very useful , " Tadic said .	" This is not very useful , " Tadic said .	pos_neg	9186
And sure enough , England panicked .	And sure enough , England did not panic .	pos_neg	9187
You have hi-fi source material in the first place !	You do not have hi-fi source material in the first place !	pos_neg	9188
I am a bit upset it is Dinah they found .	I am a bit upset it is not Dinah they found .	pos_neg	9189
O 'Malley took questions from reporters as he left the meeting .	O 'Malley did not take questions from reporters as he left the meeting .	pos_neg	9190
The weapon has been found .	The weapon has not been found .	pos_neg	9191
The Botoxed beauty said the reason matters .	The Botoxed beauty said the reason does not matter .	pos_neg	9192
It is irreversible .	It is not irreversible .	pos_neg	9193
And that is to mention the intoxicating smell of the binding glue .	And that is not to mention the intoxicating smell of the binding glue .	pos_neg	9194
A Citigroup spokeswoman said that the company comments on research reports .	A Citigroup spokeswoman said that the company does not comment on research reports .	pos_neg	9195
It was a difficult country to control .	It was not a difficult country to control .	pos_neg	9196
It is about being the tightest and biggest you can be .	It is not about being the tightest and biggest you can be .	pos_neg	9197
NASA also was sure about the cause of the rotary joint problem .	NASA also was not sure about the cause of the rotary joint problem .	pos_neg	9198
The album 's old-school rock embrace stops there .	The album 's old-school rock embrace does not stop there .	pos_neg	9199
Farming audience Our findings show that this is supported .	Farming audience Our findings show that this is not supported .	pos_neg	9200
Having said that , I am going to accept a lousy bill .	Having said that , I am not going to accept a lousy bill .	pos_neg	9201
Spotters were available for all the aircraft ready to fight the fire .	Spotters were not available for all the aircraft ready to fight the fire .	pos_neg	9202
Robin Freedman has bought a cleaning product in five years .	Robin Freedman has not bought a cleaning product in five years .	pos_neg	9203
Life has been without trauma , however .	Life has not been without trauma , however .	pos_neg	9204
These are issues that are going to go away .	These are issues that are not going to go away .	pos_neg	9205
You need to speak six languages .	You do not need to speak six languages .	pos_neg	9206
But Biden is an ideologue 's candidate .	But Biden is not an ideologue 's candidate .	pos_neg	9207
China is the only emerging space power in Asia .	China is not the only emerging space power in Asia .	pos_neg	9208
Pinheiro said he got to meet with U Gambira .	Pinheiro said he did not get to meet with U Gambira .	pos_neg	9209
" " It is my birthday , it is Nicky 's !	" " It is not my birthday , it is Nicky 's !	pos_neg	9210
We care whether we have a boy or girl .	We do not care whether we have a boy or girl .	pos_neg	9211
I am saying it made him the perfect boy .	I am not saying it made him the perfect boy .	pos_neg	9212
I believe it is MTM 's fault .	I do not believe it is MTM 's fault .	pos_neg	9213
There were many other places to go in Rockland County .	There were not many other places to go in Rockland County .	pos_neg	9214
The depth of the tragedy has been lost on Sliwinski .	The depth of the tragedy has not been lost on Sliwinski .	pos_neg	9215
This is an easy question to address .	This is not an easy question to address .	pos_neg	9216
Mr Kiszko enjoyed his freedom for long .	Mr Kiszko did not enjoy his freedom for long .	pos_neg	9217
The precaution evidently carried over to Sunday .	The precaution evidently did not carry over to Sunday .	pos_neg	9218
Mitchell returned calls seeking comment yesterday .	Mitchell did not return calls seeking comment yesterday .	pos_neg	9219
Of course , we are in a perfect world .	Of course , we are not in a perfect world .	pos_neg	9220
" We tell them where to go , " Jones-Brake said .	" We do not tell them where to go , " Jones-Brake said .	pos_neg	9221
But maybe the legal system is so easily suckered after all .	But maybe the legal system is not so easily suckered after all .	pos_neg	9222
He needs Steinbrenner in his face .	He does not need Steinbrenner in his face .	pos_neg	9223
Neil is the first to feel this way .	Neil is not the first to feel this way .	pos_neg	9224
We have had the kinds of consumer protections that are in place .	We have not had the kinds of consumer protections that are in place .	pos_neg	9225
I have to fight the insurance companies to get the money .	I do not have to fight the insurance companies to get the money .	pos_neg	9226
Kennedy had details of the order .	Kennedy did not have details of the order .	pos_neg	9227
But she shared my expectations .	But she did not share my expectations .	pos_neg	9228
That means products go away .	That does not mean products go away .	pos_neg	9229
We are looking at arson or foul play or major systems problems .	We are not looking at arson or foul play or major systems problems .	pos_neg	9230
The companies disclosed terms of the deal .	The companies did not disclose terms of the deal .	pos_neg	9231
The color just fitted .	The color just did not fit .	pos_neg	9232
Movie stars are the only celebrities at Toronto .	Movie stars are not the only celebrities at Toronto .	pos_neg	9233
And maybe that is too far off .	And maybe that is not too far off .	pos_neg	9234
Therefore they advertise .	Therefore they do not advertise .	pos_neg	9235
Ticket prices include applicable taxes or service charges .	Ticket prices do not include applicable taxes or service charges .	pos_neg	9236
The squad are ready and I am anxious it is the end .	The squad are ready and I am not anxious it is the end .	pos_neg	9237
Even his sisters , who married Germans , were invited .	Even his sisters , who married Germans , were not invited .	pos_neg	9238
Binzel said meteorites are significantly radioactive .	Binzel said meteorites are not significantly radioactive .	pos_neg	9239
'Military intimidation' He needed further treatment .	'Military intimidation' He did not need further treatment .	pos_neg	9240
If we change things soon , we will all be emigrating !	If we do not change things soon , we will all be emigrating !	pos_neg	9241
And maybe if they were , there 'd be more unsettling novels .	And maybe if they were not , there 'd be more unsettling novels .	pos_neg	9242
, that meet our guidelines .	, that do not meet our guidelines .	pos_neg	9243
No , he had .	No , he had not .	pos_neg	9244
There is a hat , cap or do-rag in sight .	There is not a hat , cap or do-rag in sight .	pos_neg	9245
He seems to be visibly calculating every gesture .	He does not seem to be visibly calculating every gesture .	pos_neg	9246
They simply have the aura of statesmen about them .	They simply do not have the aura of statesmen about them .	pos_neg	9247
It bothers me .	It does not bother me .	pos_neg	9248
However , industry and security sources said the claim rang true .	However , industry and security sources said the claim did not ring true .	pos_neg	9249
A call and e-mail message to Salinas ' spokeswoman were immediately returned .	A call and e-mail message to Salinas ' spokeswoman were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	9250
Ernst & Young Global Limited provides services to clients .	Ernst & Young Global Limited does not provide services to clients .	pos_neg	9251
We are going to say all sudden you are getting 30 carries .	We are not going to say all sudden you are getting 30 carries .	pos_neg	9252
It hurts that European utilities are used to lower margins .	It does not hurt that European utilities are used to lower margins .	pos_neg	9253
If Karen was disappointed , she let it slow her down .	If Karen was disappointed , she did not let it slow her down .	pos_neg	9254
That is said as a threat .	That is not said as a threat .	pos_neg	9255
I needed to spend hours reading the Bible or in prayer .	I did not need to spend hours reading the Bible or in prayer .	pos_neg	9256
Celeritas was fast enough to do better than third .	Celeritas was not fast enough to do better than third .	pos_neg	9257
But even here , progress is clear .	But even here , progress is not clear .	pos_neg	9258
This was a tee shot .	This was not a tee shot .	pos_neg	9259
The lack of respect is something we are going to deal with .	The lack of respect is something we are not going to deal with .	pos_neg	9260
And on a kids ' burger , the bun is so thick .	And on a kids ' burger , the bun is not so thick .	pos_neg	9261
Acetta is alone , the Register said .	Acetta is not alone , the Register said .	pos_neg	9262
" However she was available to take it , " he added .	" However she was not available to take it , " he added .	pos_neg	9263
I know who is involved with it .	I do not know who is involved with it .	pos_neg	9264
It said whether his situation had improved .	It did not say whether his situation had improved .	pos_neg	9265
They know whether to believe their parents or the dominant culture .	They do not know whether to believe their parents or the dominant culture .	pos_neg	9266
Technology buyouts were done very frequently years ago .	Technology buyouts were not done very frequently years ago .	pos_neg	9267
Bonds is the only one sweating through his shirt .	Bonds is not the only one sweating through his shirt .	pos_neg	9268
Alas , Ms. Burnett 's childhood was a laughing matter .	Alas , Ms. Burnett 's childhood was not a laughing matter .	pos_neg	9269
Mr. Hikind said he wanted to alarm parents .	Mr. Hikind said he did not want to alarm parents .	pos_neg	9270
Young people are the only ones drawn to Portland .	Young people are not the only ones drawn to Portland .	pos_neg	9271
Use more than one nebule twice daily .	Do not use more than one nebule twice daily .	pos_neg	9272
He was believed to be injured .	He was not believed to be injured .	pos_neg	9273
But the end justifies the means .	But the end does not justify the means .	pos_neg	9274
I want our children paying the price .	I do not want our children paying the price .	pos_neg	9275
But the Internet business model applied to our type of company .	But the Internet business model did not apply to our type of company .	pos_neg	9276
These are pirates who will remind you of Johnny Depp .	These are not pirates who will remind you of Johnny Depp .	pos_neg	9277
The soldiers ' nationalities were released pending notification of family members .	The soldiers ' nationalities were not released pending notification of family members .	pos_neg	9278
It is my job to worry about what management is doing .	It is not my job to worry about what management is doing .	pos_neg	9279
School is boring , but this group is hostile to teachers .	School is boring , but this group is not hostile to teachers .	pos_neg	9280
She has a first chapter and a heritage that includes us .	She has a first chapter and a heritage that does not include us .	pos_neg	9281
The problem was that the medication was right .	The problem was that the medication was not right .	pos_neg	9282
But he stopped there in his involvement .	But he did not stop there in his involvement .	pos_neg	9283
Helping the developing world is as easy as sending money and experts .	Helping the developing world is not as easy as sending money and experts .	pos_neg	9284
" " It is a red , blue or pink issue .	" " It is not a red , blue or pink issue .	pos_neg	9285
But that was enough for Mr. Medina .	But that was not enough for Mr. Medina .	pos_neg	9286
Calls to Barton 's manager and publicist were immediately returned .	Calls to Barton 's manager and publicist were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	9287
It goes flat .	It does not go flat .	pos_neg	9288
Thanks to Katrina , I got them .	Thanks to Katrina , I did not get them .	pos_neg	9289
This is the stuff of a securities fraud case .	This is not the stuff of a securities fraud case .	pos_neg	9290
Use the word " obscene " and forget to mention nurses .	Use the word " obscene " and do not forget to mention nurses .	pos_neg	9291
Party officials said they were negotiating with states .	Party officials said they were not negotiating with states .	pos_neg	9292
Calls to Ms. Gheorghiu 's representatives were immediately returned .	Calls to Ms. Gheorghiu 's representatives were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	9293
That , too , however , has been so in every case .	That , too , however , has not been so in every case .	pos_neg	9294
MCCAIN : I know .	MCCAIN : I do not know .	pos_neg	9295
Attorneys for Hoffman and Haidl returned calls seeking comment .	Attorneys for Hoffman and Haidl did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	9296
High temperatures and batteries mix .	High temperatures and batteries do not mix .	pos_neg	9297
Most of the candidates wear them .	Most of the candidates do not wear them .	pos_neg	9298
I think that is how most white voters are thinking .	I do not think that is how most white voters are thinking .	pos_neg	9299
THEY come but they go .	THEY come but they do not go .	pos_neg	9300
It is so good for experienced players .	It is not so good for experienced players .	pos_neg	9301
But he went on to say that he expected a change .	But he went on to say that he did not expect a change .	pos_neg	9302
But this is the time to sell .	But this is not the time to sell .	pos_neg	9303
We respect Scotland but we are scared .	We respect Scotland but we are not scared .	pos_neg	9304
He was .	He was not .	pos_neg	9305
Prices include airport taxes and fees .	Prices do not include airport taxes and fees .	pos_neg	9306
But we want that to happen .	But we do not want that to happen .	pos_neg	9307
And other countries are quite as tolerant of mothers ' religious convictions .	And other countries are not quite as tolerant of mothers ' religious convictions .	pos_neg	9308
That growth occurred in a vacuum .	That growth did not occur in a vacuum .	pos_neg	9309
This is acceptable .	This is not acceptable .	pos_neg	9310
The delight stopped at the two principals .	The delight did not stop at the two principals .	pos_neg	9311
But he wanted to capture the feeling of an urban oasis .	But he did not want to capture the feeling of an urban oasis .	pos_neg	9312
But seeing flesh sizzle is the only draw .	But seeing flesh sizzle is not the only draw .	pos_neg	9313
It is only about what 's expensive .	It is not only about what 's expensive .	pos_neg	9314
" This is emergency , " she said .	" This is not emergency , " she said .	pos_neg	9315
All of these things had potential , but my father agreed .	All of these things had potential , but my father did not agree .	pos_neg	9316
Many others have made it .	Many others have not made it .	pos_neg	9317
The question of his ancestry is addressed .	The question of his ancestry is not addressed .	pos_neg	9318
That has worked .	That has not worked .	pos_neg	9319
He did cut back on touring but retired .	He did cut back on touring but did not retire .	pos_neg	9320
" It took long to recover , " she said .	" It did not take long to recover , " she said .	pos_neg	9321
Forward-looking statements are statements that represent historical facts .	Forward-looking statements are statements that do not represent historical facts .	pos_neg	9322
" I know absolutely it is us , " Goeas said .	" I know absolutely it is not us , " Goeas said .	pos_neg	9323
id83 There is a lot of younger people who are reading Reich .	id83 There is not a lot of younger people who are reading Reich .	pos_neg	9324
Usually politics offers a candidate worthy of their ardor .	Usually politics does not offer a candidate worthy of their ardor .	pos_neg	9325
It is clear whether Henss is in federal custody .	It is not clear whether Henss is in federal custody .	pos_neg	9326
Officials have said what caused the collapse .	Officials have not said what caused the collapse .	pos_neg	9327
Unlike a little knowledge , a little talent is a dangerous thing .	Unlike a little knowledge , a little talent is not a dangerous thing .	pos_neg	9328
Vatican Bars Gay Cleric After TV Program The founders were anti-religion .	Vatican Bars Gay Cleric After TV Program The founders were not anti-religion .	pos_neg	9329
He has allowed a run in 18 straight postseason innings .	He has not allowed a run in 18 straight postseason innings .	pos_neg	9330
I just understand how people can sit there and watch that .	I just do not understand how people can sit there and watch that .	pos_neg	9331
Bush 's meetings are the only ones planned this week .	Bush 's meetings are not the only ones planned this week .	pos_neg	9332
The amount each company would pay was made public .	The amount each company would pay was not made public .	pos_neg	9333
I think they 'll pull the mercy rule out on us .	I do not think they 'll pull the mercy rule out on us .	pos_neg	9334
But he likes squirrel -- and says it tastes like chicken .	But he likes squirrel -- and says it does not taste like chicken .	pos_neg	9335
He said how seriously he would treat such cases .	He did not say how seriously he would treat such cases .	pos_neg	9336
We want this to take a very long time .	We do not want this to take a very long time .	pos_neg	9337
" It has invested enough in resources , " she said .	" It has not invested enough in resources , " she said .	pos_neg	9338
EDWARDS : The distinction is artificial .	EDWARDS : The distinction is not artificial .	pos_neg	9339
" No , she is , " Braddy said .	" No , she is not , " Braddy said .	pos_neg	9340
The mood has improved since .	The mood has not improved since .	pos_neg	9341
" " For the record , I am .	" " For the record , I am not .	pos_neg	9342
But that is fine - the game is for them .	But that is fine - the game is not for them .	pos_neg	9343
It looks right .	It does not look right .	pos_neg	9344
And ignore the renters .	And do not ignore the renters .	pos_neg	9345
This is an extra step in case the title gets transferred .	This is an extra step in case the title does not get transferred .	pos_neg	9346
' " It was only bombers that they were concerned about .	' " It was not only bombers that they were concerned about .	pos_neg	9347
Procter & Gamble is a member .	Procter & Gamble is not a member .	pos_neg	9348
Mr. Massad returned phone calls yesterday .	Mr. Massad did not return phone calls yesterday .	pos_neg	9349
But that is this company 's fault .	But that is not this company 's fault .	pos_neg	9350
You walk out into daylight , but part of you leaves .	You walk out into daylight , but part of you does not leave .	pos_neg	9351
But you imagine plopping your keys and cellphone down on it .	But you do not imagine plopping your keys and cellphone down on it .	pos_neg	9352
The American Academy of Pediatrics is a multibillion-dollar industry .	The American Academy of Pediatrics is not a multibillion-dollar industry .	pos_neg	9353
Maybe it was such a crazy dream .	Maybe it was not such a crazy dream .	pos_neg	9354
And it is alone .	And it is not alone .	pos_neg	9355
That means bloggers are suddenly flush with money .	That does not mean bloggers are suddenly flush with money .	pos_neg	9356
The AL strikeout leader has pitched since Aug. 26 .	The AL strikeout leader has not pitched since Aug. 26 .	pos_neg	9357
If you have your fastball , it is tough .	If you do not have your fastball , it is tough .	pos_neg	9358
The current argument is an economic one .	The current argument is not an economic one .	pos_neg	9359
'Productive lives' The identities of the tourists have been released .	'Productive lives' The identities of the tourists have not been released .	pos_neg	9360
Just damage the trees by throwing sticks at the branches .	Just do not damage the trees by throwing sticks at the branches .	pos_neg	9361
You have to wake up growling every morning .	You do not have to wake up growling every morning .	pos_neg	9362
The shadows are that different .	The shadows are not that different .	pos_neg	9363
We have made choices that cause suffering .	We have made choices that do not cause suffering .	pos_neg	9364
Lateness was tolerated .	Lateness was not tolerated .	pos_neg	9365
A friend reported him missing when he returned , authorities said .	A friend reported him missing when he did not return , authorities said .	pos_neg	9366
" " The park is destroyed .	" " The park is not destroyed .	pos_neg	9367
She flinches .	She does not flinch .	pos_neg	9368
I want to make excuses .	I do not want to make excuses .	pos_neg	9369
The precise charges against Mr. Simpson , 60 , were immediately clear .	The precise charges against Mr. Simpson , 60 , were not immediately clear .	pos_neg	9370
" We are asking Roger questions like reporters , " Long said .	" We are not asking Roger questions like reporters , " Long said .	pos_neg	9371
I am anti aging ; I am into aging well .	I am not anti aging ; I am into aging well .	pos_neg	9372
Cubin has voted since Oct. 25 .	Cubin has not voted since Oct. 25 .	pos_neg	9373
But the divorce is about you .	But the divorce is not about you .	pos_neg	9374
Interestingly the key words were in the original text of the speech .	Interestingly the key words were not in the original text of the speech .	pos_neg	9375
The settlement requires the order to admit fault , Roosa said .	The settlement does not require the order to admit fault , Roosa said .	pos_neg	9376
The company paid those taxes on profits that were real .	The company paid those taxes on profits that were not real .	pos_neg	9377
Putting our faith in man -- it is going to work .	Putting our faith in man -- it is not going to work .	pos_neg	9378
Knight thought Gary released the shot in time .	Knight did not think Gary released the shot in time .	pos_neg	9379
Telephones at state and city government offices were answered .	Telephones at state and city government offices were not answered .	pos_neg	9380
The names of those on board have been released .	The names of those on board have not been released .	pos_neg	9381
She had enough time to feel she belonged here .	She did not have enough time to feel she belonged here .	pos_neg	9382
But I knew exactly what it meant .	But I did not know exactly what it meant .	pos_neg	9383
I really thought it was that big a deal .	I really did not think it was that big a deal .	pos_neg	9384
The 2001 recession was over , but that was clear .	The 2001 recession was over , but that was not clear .	pos_neg	9385
" They were happy , " he said .	" They were not happy , " he said .	pos_neg	9386
But it is the only option .	But it is not the only option .	pos_neg	9387
They specified the type of allegation made against Copperfield .	They did not specify the type of allegation made against Copperfield .	pos_neg	9388
He indicated Home Depot was looking at Europe for expansion .	He indicated Home Depot was not looking at Europe for expansion .	pos_neg	9389
So I am sure what the answer is .	So I am not sure what the answer is .	pos_neg	9390
He has been asked to nail a big kick this year .	He has not been asked to nail a big kick this year .	pos_neg	9391
Oliver I was great friends with Ian .	Oliver I was not great friends with Ian .	pos_neg	9392
But we are quitters .	But we are not quitters .	pos_neg	9393
The senior officers were doing theirs .	The senior officers were not doing theirs .	pos_neg	9394
They think it is negative .	They do not think it is negative .	pos_neg	9395
Curry was quite as accepting of the possible demotion .	Curry was not quite as accepting of the possible demotion .	pos_neg	9396
It was just a pool they were after .	It was not just a pool they were after .	pos_neg	9397
But we are against them .	But we are not against them .	pos_neg	9398
" It is something you could prepare for , " he said .	" It is not something you could prepare for , " he said .	pos_neg	9399
This is long overdue and is just a Bristol problem .	This is long overdue and is not just a Bristol problem .	pos_neg	9400
Yet his mood was merry according to one spywitness .	Yet his mood was not merry according to one spywitness .	pos_neg	9401
But Franz Beckenbauer is alone in thinking Jurgen Klinsmann would be perfect .	But Franz Beckenbauer is not alone in thinking Jurgen Klinsmann would be perfect .	pos_neg	9402
What she intends to do with it , however , is .	What she intends to do with it , however , is not .	pos_neg	9403
But it was enough because of the knockdowns .	But it was not enough because of the knockdowns .	pos_neg	9404
But it was an entirely classic rendering .	But it was not an entirely classic rendering .	pos_neg	9405
He knew that Dia 's permanent collection was in storage .	He did not know that Dia 's permanent collection was in storage .	pos_neg	9406
The government lends the money for VA mortgages .	The government does not lend the money for VA mortgages .	pos_neg	9407
" I think it was punishment , " he said .	" I do not think it was punishment , " he said .	pos_neg	9408
And the NFC is power packed .	And the NFC is not power packed .	pos_neg	9409
But disclosed details of the meeting .	But did not disclose details of the meeting .	pos_neg	9410
And at certain times we were at that level .	And at certain times we were not at that level .	pos_neg	9411
But that was enough , Gunderson said .	But that was not enough , Gunderson said .	pos_neg	9412
The government released an audiotape .	The government did not release an audiotape .	pos_neg	9413
Some students had been hospitalized , but they knew which ones .	Some students had been hospitalized , but they did not know which ones .	pos_neg	9414
He had changed for days .	He had not changed for days .	pos_neg	9415
I just thought it was the right thing for me .	I just did not think it was the right thing for me .	pos_neg	9416
, prior periods are comparable .	, prior periods are not comparable .	pos_neg	9417
Wachovia reportedly is interested in the deal .	Wachovia reportedly is not interested in the deal .	pos_neg	9418
I did enough due diligence on the company .	I did not do enough due diligence on the company .	pos_neg	9419
But Clinton and Levin 's sentiments are the congressional consensus .	But Clinton and Levin 's sentiments are not the congressional consensus .	pos_neg	9420
" We are happy with that , " he said .	" We are not happy with that , " he said .	pos_neg	9421
" I am very religious , " says Iannacone .	" I am not very religious , " says Iannacone .	pos_neg	9422
Even those KC-135Es that do take off go far .	Even those KC-135Es that do take off do not go far .	pos_neg	9423
Meskoni was seen again .	Meskoni was not seen again .	pos_neg	9424
But the officials were amused .	But the officials were not amused .	pos_neg	9425
But it is as bad as we thought .	But it is not as bad as we thought .	pos_neg	9426
And darned if it was .	And darned if it was not .	pos_neg	9427
I think it was an uneven exchange .	I do not think it was an uneven exchange .	pos_neg	9428
But oh , no , that is what happened .	But oh , no , that is not what happened .	pos_neg	9429
" " We are done .	" " We are not done .	pos_neg	9430
In fact the only person who seemed fazed was Hamilton .	In fact the only person who did not seem fazed was Hamilton .	pos_neg	9431
He has said what will happen after that .	He has not said what will happen after that .	pos_neg	9432
It was the president 's fault .	It was not the president 's fault .	pos_neg	9433
The name Cleavage Creek is new .	The name Cleavage Creek is not new .	pos_neg	9434
Police say the woman was hurt .	Police say the woman was not hurt .	pos_neg	9435
So I really wanted to get married .	So I really did not want to get married .	pos_neg	9436
But then , they had to write with frostbitten fingers .	But then , they did not have to write with frostbitten fingers .	pos_neg	9437
Carving underwater was easy , Ken Smith said .	Carving underwater was not easy , Ken Smith said .	pos_neg	9438
The evidence of a single cookbook is enough to rewrite culinary history .	The evidence of a single cookbook is not enough to rewrite culinary history .	pos_neg	9439
But the emitted carbon dioxide is just going to disappear after that .	But the emitted carbon dioxide is not just going to disappear after that .	pos_neg	9440
" Yes , but their children are , " he replied .	" Yes , but their children are not , " he replied .	pos_neg	9441
It knew that it was Chuang .	It did not know that it was Chuang .	pos_neg	9442
The .31m purchase of Andrei Shevchenko was Mourinho 's idea .	The .31m purchase of Andrei Shevchenko was not Mourinho 's idea .	pos_neg	9443
Dave Winfield : I look at it that way .	Dave Winfield : I do not look at it that way .	pos_neg	9444
A call to OSHA on Wednesday was immediately returned .	A call to OSHA on Wednesday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	9445
It is a way that we are used to working .	It is not a way that we are used to working .	pos_neg	9446
Kragthorpe said the spitting occurred .	Kragthorpe said the spitting did not occur .	pos_neg	9447
These physical setbacks stopped a feisty guy from New York City .	These physical setbacks did not stop a feisty guy from New York City .	pos_neg	9448
It is a new idea .	It is not a new idea .	pos_neg	9449
I condone Michael Vick 's actions with the dogfighting .	I do not condone Michael Vick 's actions with the dogfighting .	pos_neg	9450
" I am going to turn gay , " Brandi says .	" I am not going to turn gay , " Brandi says .	pos_neg	9451
I got it in that makeshift church .	I did not get it in that makeshift church .	pos_neg	9452
He attended the event .	He did not attend the event .	pos_neg	9453
The status quo just is doing it .	The status quo just is not doing it .	pos_neg	9454
" This is about tourists , " he said .	" This is not about tourists , " he said .	pos_neg	9455
" She was a flight risk , " Shefferman said .	" She was not a flight risk , " Shefferman said .	pos_neg	9456
" We smoke , " Ms. Shick said .	" We do not smoke , " Ms. Shick said .	pos_neg	9457
Little wonder AMC survived the decade as an independent carmaker .	Little wonder AMC did not survive the decade as an independent carmaker .	pos_neg	9458
That much has changed .	That much has not changed .	pos_neg	9459
The ministers were outraged he had consulted them first .	The ministers were outraged he had not consulted them first .	pos_neg	9460
The details have been officially released pending the completion of the investigation .	The details have not been officially released pending the completion of the investigation .	pos_neg	9461
Finance with an adjustable-rate mortgage .	Do not finance with an adjustable-rate mortgage .	pos_neg	9462
And I really think males should be deciding on that issue .	And I really do not think males should be deciding on that issue .	pos_neg	9463
I wanted that to happen .	I did not want that to happen .	pos_neg	9464
But the club have finished with a winning record since 1992 .	But the club have not finished with a winning record since 1992 .	pos_neg	9465
But it is enough .	But it is not enough .	pos_neg	9466
I think they should see their mom that way .	I do not think they should see their mom that way .	pos_neg	9467
Paul is using the Internet .	Paul is not using the Internet .	pos_neg	9468
THIS is just renewable energy .	THIS is not just renewable energy .	pos_neg	9469
Israel says construction is imminent and is meant to ease Palestinian movement .	Israel says construction is not imminent and is meant to ease Palestinian movement .	pos_neg	9470
The egg is sunny-side up .	The egg is not sunny-side up .	pos_neg	9471
" " I am going to have a public discussion about it .	" " I am not going to have a public discussion about it .	pos_neg	9472
" She made many mistakes , " Chan said .	" She did not make many mistakes , " Chan said .	pos_neg	9473
Mr. Cochran said a love of wine is always the motivating force .	Mr. Cochran said a love of wine is not always the motivating force .	pos_neg	9474
The phenomenon is limited to cell phones .	The phenomenon is not limited to cell phones .	pos_neg	9475
- This is exactly a game .	- This is not exactly a game .	pos_neg	9476
Some things have changed .	Some things have not changed .	pos_neg	9477
They did well .	They did not do well .	pos_neg	9478
He said when more details might be announced .	He did not say when more details might be announced .	pos_neg	9479
" " We are doing the same things that we have done .	" " We are not doing the same things that we have done .	pos_neg	9480
The scientists discovered that morays fed like typical ray-finned fish .	The scientists discovered that morays did not feed like typical ray-finned fish .	pos_neg	9481
He said whether they would return to duty .	He did not say whether they would return to duty .	pos_neg	9482
But he wanted to return to Florida .	But he did not want to return to Florida .	pos_neg	9483
The amount the assessments exceeded true values is detailed in the lawsuit .	The amount the assessments exceeded true values is not detailed in the lawsuit .	pos_neg	9484
It is more of a code of ethics , it is preaching .	It is more of a code of ethics , it is not preaching .	pos_neg	9485
Ronan commented on the jury 's decisions .	Ronan did not comment on the jury 's decisions .	pos_neg	9486
But the trip ended the debate .	But the trip did not end the debate .	pos_neg	9487
Our purpose is to second-guess the verdict .	Our purpose is not to second-guess the verdict .	pos_neg	9488
I know what I would do with that pressure !	I do not know what I would do with that pressure !	pos_neg	9489
Freshness is a path worth pursuing at Southern Hospitality .	Freshness is not a path worth pursuing at Southern Hospitality .	pos_neg	9490
" " I see that happening .	" " I do not see that happening .	pos_neg	9491
" Bottom line , we responded , " Martinez said .	" Bottom line , we did not respond , " Martinez said .	pos_neg	9492
But the report recommends regulations .	But the report does not recommend regulations .	pos_neg	9493
We comment on matters of national security .	We do not comment on matters of national security .	pos_neg	9494
It was possible to independently verify the reports .	It was not possible to independently verify the reports .	pos_neg	9495
The Iranian mission has disclosed Ahmadinejad 's specific itinerary .	The Iranian mission has not disclosed Ahmadinejad 's specific itinerary .	pos_neg	9496
The Princeton Review is affiliated with Princeton University .	The Princeton Review is not affiliated with Princeton University .	pos_neg	9497
I expected that .	I did not expect that .	pos_neg	9498
The typical foreign senior had taken a single course on American history .	The typical foreign senior had not taken a single course on American history .	pos_neg	9499
But they do it that way all the time .	But they do not do it that way all the time .	pos_neg	9500
Of course , it hurt having Matthew Stafford and Knowshon Moreno .	Of course , it did not hurt having Matthew Stafford and Knowshon Moreno .	pos_neg	9501
He wanted a future without a loving relationship .	He did not want a future without a loving relationship .	pos_neg	9502
Durand was the founder of the Hudson River School .	Durand was not the founder of the Hudson River School .	pos_neg	9503
Televised hearings are about fact-finding or skillful cross-examination .	Televised hearings are not about fact-finding or skillful cross-examination .	pos_neg	9504
We have made a decision to take the matching funds .	We have not made a decision to take the matching funds .	pos_neg	9505
I think it is what we need right now .	I think it is not what we need right now .	pos_neg	9506
And it is just for men .	And it is not just for men .	pos_neg	9507
Even when thank-you 's are received , they are necessarily kept .	Even when thank-you 's are received , they are not necessarily kept .	pos_neg	9508
If there were lapses , I know .	If there were lapses , I do not know .	pos_neg	9509
And it is about the third seed .	And it is not about the third seed .	pos_neg	9510
It is chance that makes Gina Ford so popular .	It is not chance that makes Gina Ford so popular .	pos_neg	9511
It identified which players .	It did not identify which players .	pos_neg	9512
The court evidently thought that step was necessary .	The court evidently did not think that step was necessary .	pos_neg	9513
They care that he is Cro-Magnon .	They do not care that he is Cro-Magnon .	pos_neg	9514
However , the Supreme Court 's art includes Jesus .	However , the Supreme Court 's art does not include Jesus .	pos_neg	9515
The worry is just Brazil 's .	The worry is not just Brazil 's .	pos_neg	9516
The Associated Press typically identifies sexual assault victims .	The Associated Press typically does not identify sexual assault victims .	pos_neg	9517
Davis was mentioned .	Davis was not mentioned .	pos_neg	9518
She bothered nobody .	She did not bother nobody .	pos_neg	9519
Attorneys for Spears and Federline returned calls for comment Monday evening .	Attorneys for Spears and Federline did not return calls for comment Monday evening .	pos_neg	9520
Patrons who settle up also are reported .	Patrons who settle up also are not reported .	pos_neg	9521
All Latinos are immigrants .	All Latinos are not immigrants .	pos_neg	9522
Joe Torre was mentioned in the Mitchell report .	Joe Torre was not mentioned in the Mitchell report .	pos_neg	9523
ALABAMA GOV BOB RILEY : This is something we cannot solve .	ALABAMA GOV BOB RILEY : This is not something we cannot solve .	pos_neg	9524
Dave was afraid to sound like the talking clock .	Dave was not afraid to sound like the talking clock .	pos_neg	9525
He answered reporter 's questions after his statement .	He did not answer reporter 's questions after his statement .	pos_neg	9526
And that is what they got .	And that is not what they got .	pos_neg	9527
Harden , at the University of Virginia , believed it .	Harden , at the University of Virginia , did not believe it .	pos_neg	9528
Ms. Winfrey was alone in asking Ms. Meili such questions .	Ms. Winfrey was not alone in asking Ms. Meili such questions .	pos_neg	9529
It is easy to earn a pilot 's license .	It is not easy to earn a pilot 's license .	pos_neg	9530
Rutger Hauer : I am smart enough .	Rutger Hauer : I am not smart enough .	pos_neg	9531
They have to have dates on them , he said .	They do not have to have dates on them , he said .	pos_neg	9532
But they are all happy .	But they are not all happy .	pos_neg	9533
Drew was safe -- but he realized it .	Drew was safe -- but he did not realize it .	pos_neg	9534
The state 's information technology companies are affected by the strike .	The state 's information technology companies are not affected by the strike .	pos_neg	9535
Facebook is a private company and reveals its current income .	Facebook is a private company and does not reveal its current income .	pos_neg	9536
For the founding fathers , the census was to be trifled with .	For the founding fathers , the census was not to be trifled with .	pos_neg	9537
" We live extravagantly or poorly , " Furbeck said .	" We do not live extravagantly or poorly , " Furbeck said .	pos_neg	9538
But it is the sanitised recreational backyard too many take it for .	But it is not the sanitised recreational backyard too many take it for .	pos_neg	9539
Mr. Hopson 's work here is as noteworthy .	Mr. Hopson 's work here is not as noteworthy .	pos_neg	9540
The problem with the grammar school row was the issue .	The problem with the grammar school row was not the issue .	pos_neg	9541
Others returned messages left with families .	Others did not return messages left with families .	pos_neg	9542
Beijing insists it is actively pursuing a trade surplus .	Beijing insists it is not actively pursuing a trade surplus .	pos_neg	9543
He minded that nine others had the same idea .	He did not mind that nine others had the same idea .	pos_neg	9544
You want to hear the shots , win the damned game .	You do not want to hear the shots , win the damned game .	pos_neg	9545
Talk of biofuels helps matters .	Talk of biofuels does not help matters .	pos_neg	9546
Keep a clear head , panic buy , or panic sell .	Keep a clear head , do not panic buy , or panic sell .	pos_neg	9547
He said that issue came up over lunch .	He said that issue did not come up over lunch .	pos_neg	9548
There are that many votes in universities and student debt .	There are not that many votes in universities and student debt .	pos_neg	9549
Weekes was available for comment after the game .	Weekes was not available for comment after the game .	pos_neg	9550
The White House said who would be replacing Townsend .	The White House did not say who would be replacing Townsend .	pos_neg	9551
There is a word you hear every day .	There is a word you do not hear every day .	pos_neg	9552
He says how .	He does not say how .	pos_neg	9553
The Red Bulls scored a goal in the home-and-home first-round series .	The Red Bulls did not score a goal in the home-and-home first-round series .	pos_neg	9554
Mine officials were immediately available for comment .	Mine officials were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	9555
Salt Lake City is the only anomaly .	Salt Lake City is not the only anomaly .	pos_neg	9556
Maybe everything changes , I know , nobody knows .	Maybe everything changes , I do not know , nobody knows .	pos_neg	9557
Mr. Fields responded to several telephone messages left at his home .	Mr. Fields did not respond to several telephone messages left at his home .	pos_neg	9558
" " It is going to be in our interest .	" " It is not going to be in our interest .	pos_neg	9559
Computers use some strategies that work well for servers .	Computers use some strategies that do not work well for servers .	pos_neg	9560
It is the production quality but Darabont 's intelligent filmmaking .	It is not the production quality but Darabont 's intelligent filmmaking .	pos_neg	9561
That is news .	That is not news .	pos_neg	9562
You start off where you are telling stories that are really funny .	You start off where you are telling stories that are not really funny .	pos_neg	9563
If it were for my parents , I would have gone too .	If it were not for my parents , I would have gone too .	pos_neg	9564
The report is only critical of Blackwater .	The report is not only critical of Blackwater .	pos_neg	9565
You 're reading it from a book .	You 're not reading it from a book .	pos_neg	9566
' " Judith Martin I am .	' " Judith Martin I am not .	pos_neg	9567
It is one of the many casinos in town .	It is not one of the many casinos in town .	pos_neg	9568
This is surprising .	This is not surprising .	pos_neg	9569
I knew what I was going to do .	I did not know what I was going to do .	pos_neg	9570
But the talk about rearming is entirely military .	But the talk about rearming is not entirely military .	pos_neg	9571
Obviously he was on it .	Obviously he was not on it .	pos_neg	9572
Israel has officially admitted possession of nuclear weapons .	Israel has not officially admitted possession of nuclear weapons .	pos_neg	9573
But that stopped the Giants from seeking him out .	But that did not stop the Giants from seeking him out .	pos_neg	9574
Podiums were left empty for the candidates who attended the debate .	Podiums were left empty for the candidates who did not attend the debate .	pos_neg	9575
Anbar is the place to judge .	Anbar is not the place to judge .	pos_neg	9576
They want to squander that influence by cutting off aid completely .	They do not want to squander that influence by cutting off aid completely .	pos_neg	9577
" " We believe in it .	" " We do not believe in it .	pos_neg	9578
An e-mail seeking comment Tuesday was immediately returned .	An e-mail seeking comment Tuesday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	9579
But I know that it is the same for all young people .	But I know that it is not the same for all young people .	pos_neg	9580
It simply is good enough .	It simply is not good enough .	pos_neg	9581
At this point I know if my students were involved .	At this point I do not know if my students were involved .	pos_neg	9582
This is strictly true .	This is not strictly true .	pos_neg	9583
Tough was the word .	Tough was not the word .	pos_neg	9584
It may be camping , but experiences like these come cheap .	It may be camping , but experiences like these do not come cheap .	pos_neg	9585
The student 's identity was revealed .	The student 's identity was not revealed .	pos_neg	9586
He says police are taking on the role of immigration officers .	He says police are not taking on the role of immigration officers .	pos_neg	9587
Life was just hard for his family in a physical sense .	Life was not just hard for his family in a physical sense .	pos_neg	9588
I want industries to be on the defensive .	I do not want industries to be on the defensive .	pos_neg	9589
So I know .	So I do not know .	pos_neg	9590
Morgan Stanley CEO expects more write-downs That was the first fissure .	Morgan Stanley CEO does not expect more write-downs That was the first fissure .	pos_neg	9591
The bad news ends there .	The bad news does not end there .	pos_neg	9592
Putting together the tour was easy , Pipes says .	Putting together the tour was not easy , Pipes says .	pos_neg	9593
It is easy competing with Google .	It is not easy competing with Google .	pos_neg	9594
Professor Tribe is a disinterested party .	Professor Tribe is not a disinterested party .	pos_neg	9595
The ultimate advice is , as Payne admits , that revolutionary .	The ultimate advice is not , as Payne admits , that revolutionary .	pos_neg	9596
If you like it , leave .	If you do not like it , leave .	pos_neg	9597
They achieved that .	They did not achieve that .	pos_neg	9598
Friends , colleagues and staff members say they really know .	Friends , colleagues and staff members say they really do not know .	pos_neg	9599
" " It is realistic to be in the top six .	" " It is not realistic to be in the top six .	pos_neg	9600
I am enough of a dreamer for that .	I am not enough of a dreamer for that .	pos_neg	9601
Sex , she says sardonically , was invented in 1963 .	Sex , she says sardonically , was not invented in 1963 .	pos_neg	9602
He had seen his parents and brother for weeks .	He had not seen his parents and brother for weeks .	pos_neg	9603
She was expected to live past the age of 10 .	She was not expected to live past the age of 10 .	pos_neg	9604
This was just a matter of simple pride .	This was not just a matter of simple pride .	pos_neg	9605
A mine official was immediately available for comment .	A mine official was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	9606
He does publicity or interviews , and shuns the entire experience .	He does not do publicity or interviews , and shuns the entire experience .	pos_neg	9607
Hashemi is a member of the Front but resigned his post .	Hashemi is a member of the Front but did not resign his post .	pos_neg	9608
Just expect your boyfriend to respond immediately .	Just do not expect your boyfriend to respond immediately .	pos_neg	9609
He had an altogether easy ride , however .	He did not have an altogether easy ride , however .	pos_neg	9610
The 35-year-old Shaquille O 'Neal is as dynamic as he once was .	The 35-year-old Shaquille O 'Neal is not as dynamic as he once was .	pos_neg	9611
It has taken long for that reality to set in .	It has not taken long for that reality to set in .	pos_neg	9612
His mom was standing right there and said a word .	His mom was standing right there and did not say a word .	pos_neg	9613
" I am a murderer , " she said .	" I am not a murderer , " she said .	pos_neg	9614
He said emergency rule would end soon , but specified when .	He said emergency rule would end soon , but did not specify when .	pos_neg	9615
China just wants that as their legacy .	China just does not want that as their legacy .	pos_neg	9616
Cavaliers G / F Sasha Pavlovic played .	Cavaliers G / F Sasha Pavlovic did not play .	pos_neg	9617
That is something else he was happy about .	That is something else he was not happy about .	pos_neg	9618
It is a matter of opinion .	It is not a matter of opinion .	pos_neg	9619
Miles said he believed that was the case .	Miles said he did not believe that was the case .	pos_neg	9620
The number of arrests was known .	The number of arrests was not known .	pos_neg	9621
When they were , she prayed .	When they were not , she prayed .	pos_neg	9622
I need to make a profit .	I do not need to make a profit .	pos_neg	9623
I think the world has a correct temperature .	I do not think the world has a correct temperature .	pos_neg	9624
She was immediately available for comment .	She was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	9625
And Antonorsi 's alone in this goal .	And Antonorsi 's not alone in this goal .	pos_neg	9626
Contracts expire ; they become amendable .	Contracts do not expire ; they become amendable .	pos_neg	9627
They have begun to run negative TV or radio ads .	They have not begun to run negative TV or radio ads .	pos_neg	9628
A Citigroup spokeswoman said the company commented on pending litigation .	A Citigroup spokeswoman said the company did not comment on pending litigation .	pos_neg	9629
" No , I think so , " he grins .	" No , I do not think so , " he grins .	pos_neg	9630
Ms. Plame was right that the dates were secret .	Ms. Plame was right that the dates were not secret .	pos_neg	9631
That is a good way to die .	That is not a good way to die .	pos_neg	9632
, returned a message seeking comment .	, did not return a message seeking comment .	pos_neg	9633
Santos said the girl was beaten or injured .	Santos said the girl was not beaten or injured .	pos_neg	9634
The names of the victims have been released .	The names of the victims have not been released .	pos_neg	9635
The company has reported an annual profit figure in nearly nine years .	The company has not reported an annual profit figure in nearly nine years .	pos_neg	9636
Toy returned calls seeking comment yesterday .	Toy did not return calls seeking comment yesterday .	pos_neg	9637
You 're going to second-guess my guys .	You 're not going to second-guess my guys .	pos_neg	9638
The process has been without critics .	The process has not been without critics .	pos_neg	9639
Mr Kim appeared with his lawyer at the court hearing .	Mr Kim did not appear with his lawyer at the court hearing .	pos_neg	9640
A big part of Portland 's home opener was on the court .	A big part of Portland 's home opener was not on the court .	pos_neg	9641
It was always this way .	It was not always this way .	pos_neg	9642
This much is certain , but the future is immediately rosy .	This much is certain , but the future is not immediately rosy .	pos_neg	9643
That is just a class issue .	That is not just a class issue .	pos_neg	9644
And there are enough new projects in the pipeline .	And there are not enough new projects in the pipeline .	pos_neg	9645
They were thought of as troubled boys .	They were not thought of as troubled boys .	pos_neg	9646
It is only Ms Verity 's professional qualifications that are in doubt .	It is not only Ms Verity 's professional qualifications that are in doubt .	pos_neg	9647
'Complicated and confusing' Black is convinced that cell phones are safe .	'Complicated and confusing' Black is not convinced that cell phones are safe .	pos_neg	9648
They are human .	They are not human .	pos_neg	9649
You think , God , maybe they know something I know .	You think , God , maybe they know something I do not know .	pos_neg	9650
This is meant to sugarcoat the situation for the GOP .	This is not meant to sugarcoat the situation for the GOP .	pos_neg	9651
The full-page ad addressed Petraeus ' personal life .	The full-page ad did not address Petraeus ' personal life .	pos_neg	9652
We know if other parties were there , too .	We do not know if other parties were there , too .	pos_neg	9653
The question is whether she can win , Burns , wrote .	The question is not whether she can win , Burns , wrote .	pos_neg	9654
Subprime This buzzword is exactly new .	Subprime This buzzword is not exactly new .	pos_neg	9655
Clearly it is .	Clearly it is not .	pos_neg	9656
Those are my words .	Those are not my words .	pos_neg	9657
That was a chore , that was something I enjoyed .	That was not a chore , that was something I enjoyed .	pos_neg	9658
Terms of the transaction were disclosed on Tuesday .	Terms of the transaction were not disclosed on Tuesday .	pos_neg	9659
Cross thinks we are .	Cross does not think we are .	pos_neg	9660
" It was a dive , " Austin replied .	" It was not a dive , " Austin replied .	pos_neg	9661
Mr. Lester was always an art showman .	Mr. Lester was not always an art showman .	pos_neg	9662
He is the only one with a loyal following .	He is not the only one with a loyal following .	pos_neg	9663
There was a bit of gold lamé in sight .	There was not a bit of gold lamé in sight .	pos_neg	9664
I am low-maintenance ; the bangs were .	I am low-maintenance ; the bangs were not .	pos_neg	9665
A comment from Broadcom was immediately available .	A comment from Broadcom was not immediately available .	pos_neg	9666
Zisa said Hurley 's family knew what was going on .	Zisa said Hurley 's family did not know what was going on .	pos_neg	9667
They spoke on condition of anonymity because the decision has been announced .	They spoke on condition of anonymity because the decision has not been announced .	pos_neg	9668
I am saying what 's right or wrong .	I am not saying what 's right or wrong .	pos_neg	9669
Names of the victims were immediately available .	Names of the victims were not immediately available .	pos_neg	9670
The FCO has staff permanently based in the Maldives .	The FCO does not have staff permanently based in the Maldives .	pos_neg	9671
That is necessarily so .	That is not necessarily so .	pos_neg	9672
It is discipline , it is torture .	It is not discipline , it is torture .	pos_neg	9673
The nature of the section we are in simply allows that .	The nature of the section we are in simply does not allow that .	pos_neg	9674
Because , as pointed out already , it is that simple .	Because , as pointed out already , it is not that simple .	pos_neg	9675
He supervised .	He did not supervise .	pos_neg	9676
But , as an answer , " probably " is good enough .	But , as an answer , " probably " is not good enough .	pos_neg	9677
They want kids to sing to them at their birthday celebration .	They do not want kids to sing to them at their birthday celebration .	pos_neg	9678
Jones and her attorney returned phone calls yesterday .	Jones and her attorney did not return phone calls yesterday .	pos_neg	9679
That figure accounts for greater mileage driven in warm weather .	That figure does not account for greater mileage driven in warm weather .	pos_neg	9680
She knows , and Jonathan laughs .	She does not know , and Jonathan laughs .	pos_neg	9681
Others were downright happy that rivals showed up .	Others were downright happy that rivals did not show up .	pos_neg	9682
It was a superfluous caption on Potter stars react to gay twist .	It was not a superfluous caption on Potter stars react to gay twist .	pos_neg	9683
This process works ; we saw that with Katrina .	This process does not work ; we saw that with Katrina .	pos_neg	9684
" This is something we want to do , " Solberg said .	" This is not something we want to do , " Solberg said .	pos_neg	9685
This has altered Rhode Island 's political complexion .	This has not altered Rhode Island 's political complexion .	pos_neg	9686
Simple answer - it is , but it is equally important .	Simple answer - it is not , but it is equally important .	pos_neg	9687
I know what they have been doing for four years .	I do not know what they have been doing for four years .	pos_neg	9688
" They are holding back , " Morris told the newspaper .	" They are not holding back , " Morris told the newspaper .	pos_neg	9689
I have seen Heather in , um , 20 years .	I have not seen Heather in , um , 20 years .	pos_neg	9690
" This is where we want to be , " Beckett said .	" This is not where we want to be , " Beckett said .	pos_neg	9691
Alan was laughing .	Alan was not laughing .	pos_neg	9692
It is just near-death experiences that frighten us .	It is not just near-death experiences that frighten us .	pos_neg	9693
" He is a principal in this thing , " Moran said .	" He is not a principal in this thing , " Moran said .	pos_neg	9694
My wife was really pleased .	My wife was not really pleased .	pos_neg	9695
Remember , this is your once-in-a-lifetime dream vacation .	Remember , this is not your once-in-a-lifetime dream vacation .	pos_neg	9696
People were buying them there .	People were not buying them there .	pos_neg	9697
So the decision I have is whether to appeal their findings .	So the decision I have is not whether to appeal their findings .	pos_neg	9698
He has won since July 4 , a span of five starts .	He has not won since July 4 , a span of five starts .	pos_neg	9699
That is how most commercial software has been developed in the past .	That is not how most commercial software has been developed in the past .	pos_neg	9700
Past performance guarantees future results .	Past performance does not guarantee future results .	pos_neg	9701
Maree Sneed sees it that way .	Maree Sneed does not see it that way .	pos_neg	9702
She thinks so .	She does not think so .	pos_neg	9703
Eco-friendliness is limited to a home 's interior .	Eco-friendliness is not limited to a home 's interior .	pos_neg	9704
The Giants have a two-game roster exemption in case he is ready .	The Giants have a two-game roster exemption in case he is not ready .	pos_neg	9705
But Max 's help comes free .	But Max 's help does not come free .	pos_neg	9706
It is true , though .	It is not true , though .	pos_neg	9707
So be conservative in assessing your home--but go overboard .	So be conservative in assessing your home--but do not go overboard .	pos_neg	9708
What you learned in the third grade .	What you did not learn in the third grade .	pos_neg	9709
Her own supporters were sure which way Ms. Bhutto would swing .	Her own supporters were not sure which way Ms. Bhutto would swing .	pos_neg	9710
" I like the firecrackers , " Bhutto said .	" I do not like the firecrackers , " Bhutto said .	pos_neg	9711
I am apologetic about it .	I am not apologetic about it .	pos_neg	9712
But Bruce disappointed with older songs too .	But Bruce did not disappoint with older songs too .	pos_neg	9713
All the Cubs have to do is screw up .	All the Cubs have to do is not screw up .	pos_neg	9714
Funeral details were announced .	Funeral details were not announced .	pos_neg	9715
I am saying these people aren 't impressive in their own ways .	I am not saying these people aren 't impressive in their own ways .	pos_neg	9716
It really frightens me that I know what 's next .	It really frightens me that I do not know what 's next .	pos_neg	9717
But that means that its words carry no cost .	But that does not mean that its words carry no cost .	pos_neg	9718
The pattern was uncommon .	The pattern was not uncommon .	pos_neg	9719
Reporters who regularly cover the team shrugged and said they were surprised .	Reporters who regularly cover the team shrugged and said they were not surprised .	pos_neg	9720
Calls seeking additional Air Force comment were returned .	Calls seeking additional Air Force comment were not returned .	pos_neg	9721
" " I hope you are going to lower the tone .	" " I hope you are not going to lower the tone .	pos_neg	9722
This is a stunt .	This is not a stunt .	pos_neg	9723
Key was involved in the study .	Key was not involved in the study .	pos_neg	9724
They are your best friend at the time .	They are not your best friend at the time .	pos_neg	9725
Ahmadinejad has answered this most important question .	Ahmadinejad has not answered this most important question .	pos_neg	9726
It is arguable that it is really having a terribly great effect .	It is arguable that it is not really having a terribly great effect .	pos_neg	9727
Representatives from IBM were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from IBM were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	9728
You know what to say .	You do not know what to say .	pos_neg	9729
This is like this is a last-minute effort and call for funding .	This is not like this is a last-minute effort and call for funding .	pos_neg	9730
They accused me of everything and I know why .	They accused me of everything and I do not know why .	pos_neg	9731
" You answer hypotheticals , " Vincent said .	" You do not answer hypotheticals , " Vincent said .	pos_neg	9732
Modi addressed the crowd after being sworn in .	Modi did not address the crowd after being sworn in .	pos_neg	9733
This acknowledgment is unique to Current .	This acknowledgment is not unique to Current .	pos_neg	9734
The third of January , I know .	The third of January , I do not know .	pos_neg	9735
" It has been tough concentrating on football , " said Ireland .	" It has not been tough concentrating on football , " said Ireland .	pos_neg	9736
Knopf was alone .	Knopf was not alone .	pos_neg	9737
I worry about superpower confrontation .	I do not worry about superpower confrontation .	pos_neg	9738
Calls to the Spanish Embassy were immediately returned .	Calls to the Spanish Embassy were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	9739
And it is true .	And it is not true .	pos_neg	9740
These are the reasons that presidential candidates focus on wasteful treatment .	These are the reasons that presidential candidates do not focus on wasteful treatment .	pos_neg	9741
But we are talking proper in the stuffy stiff-lipped sense .	But we are not talking proper in the stuffy stiff-lipped sense .	pos_neg	9742
The FSA had looked carefully at Northern Rock for 18 months .	The FSA had not looked carefully at Northern Rock for 18 months .	pos_neg	9743
And it is is something which we will spell out specifically .	And it is is not something which we will spell out specifically .	pos_neg	9744
However , it generates wealth .	However , it does not generate wealth .	pos_neg	9745
Mr. Mezni specified which rebel faction he thought was responsible .	Mr. Mezni did not specify which rebel faction he thought was responsible .	pos_neg	9746
" We are going to get crazy , " he said .	" We are not going to get crazy , " he said .	pos_neg	9747
Others in town are always sure what he is up to .	Others in town are not always sure what he is up to .	pos_neg	9748
You want overuse injuries .	You do not want overuse injuries .	pos_neg	9749
That is something Bush would have heard from Chirac .	That is not something Bush would have heard from Chirac .	pos_neg	9750
That guarantees the Left Party a bright future .	That does not guarantee the Left Party a bright future .	pos_neg	9751
London said she is sure what to make of this .	London said she is not sure what to make of this .	pos_neg	9752
When you are winning , people care about the negatives .	When you are winning , people do not care about the negatives .	pos_neg	9753
The administration has offered nominees for the remaining five posts .	The administration has not offered nominees for the remaining five posts .	pos_neg	9754
You get to figure it out .	You do not get to figure it out .	pos_neg	9755
And yes , A-Rod has a Ruthian reputation in the postseason .	And yes , A-Rod does not have a Ruthian reputation in the postseason .	pos_neg	9756
DUCEY : But Cali 's story ends there .	DUCEY : But Cali 's story does not end there .	pos_neg	9757
" It is cumulative , " she added .	" It is not cumulative , " she added .	pos_neg	9758
I am normally well-disposed to car rallies .	I am not normally well-disposed to car rallies .	pos_neg	9759
But Mr Sadagopan 's students were all that deprived .	But Mr Sadagopan 's students were not all that deprived .	pos_neg	9760
But the researchers stopped there .	But the researchers did not stop there .	pos_neg	9761
But being the eagle is such a good thing , Frank noted .	But being the eagle is not such a good thing , Frank noted .	pos_neg	9762
'Falling apart' Spears was present when Wednesday 's hearing began .	'Falling apart' Spears was not present when Wednesday 's hearing began .	pos_neg	9763
Opponents simply know what is coming next .	Opponents simply do not know what is coming next .	pos_neg	9764
A call to an attorney for McGraw also was immediately returned .	A call to an attorney for McGraw also was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	9765
And that is contradicted by the leadership of Iraq .	And that is not contradicted by the leadership of Iraq .	pos_neg	9766
We did particularly well then , but ended up winning it .	We did not do particularly well then , but ended up winning it .	pos_neg	9767
The purveyors of swanky new bachelor pads are unduly worried , however .	The purveyors of swanky new bachelor pads are not unduly worried , however .	pos_neg	9768
Burmese authorities have confirmed what illness he suffered .	Burmese authorities have not confirmed what illness he suffered .	pos_neg	9769
... or yours It is all about war zones , though .	... or yours It is not all about war zones , though .	pos_neg	9770
They end up sitting on the road .	They do not end up sitting on the road .	pos_neg	9771
The finance officials spelled out a specific course of action .	The finance officials did not spell out a specific course of action .	pos_neg	9772
11 - and he shies away from rapping about the tragedy .	11 - and he does not shy away from rapping about the tragedy .	pos_neg	9773
But I am prepared to go further than that .	But I am not prepared to go further than that .	pos_neg	9774
Just ask Okamoto to carve you a swan .	Just do not ask Okamoto to carve you a swan .	pos_neg	9775
BUSH : And they liked it , of course .	BUSH : And they did not like it , of course .	pos_neg	9776
It was immediately possible to independently verify the casualty reports .	It was not immediately possible to independently verify the casualty reports .	pos_neg	9777
" I think of it that way , " Steinbrenner said .	" I do not think of it that way , " Steinbrenner said .	pos_neg	9778
QUESTION : Secretary Rice said that failure is an option .	QUESTION : Secretary Rice said that failure is not an option .	pos_neg	9779
Utilize your local pharmacy if you are feeling well .	Utilize your local pharmacy if you are not feeling well .	pos_neg	9780
id = 1743722007 And the generation gap is suffering .	id = 1743722007 And the generation gap is not suffering .	pos_neg	9781
Armah stopped at reading .	Armah did not stop at reading .	pos_neg	9782
And most of us have given up .	And most of us have not given up .	pos_neg	9783
Building an empire on the cheap and by proxy works .	Building an empire on the cheap and by proxy does not work .	pos_neg	9784
And it was his first warning .	And it was not his first warning .	pos_neg	9785
It is possible without the active involvement of the government .	It is not possible without the active involvement of the government .	pos_neg	9786
But retirement communities are the only market for brain exercise .	But retirement communities are not the only market for brain exercise .	pos_neg	9787
Alas , his successors at Polaroid paid attention .	Alas , his successors at Polaroid did not pay attention .	pos_neg	9788
He was disappointed .	He was not disappointed .	pos_neg	9789
This is the first time Boulerice has been suspended for violent conduct .	This is not the first time Boulerice has been suspended for violent conduct .	pos_neg	9790
It was about training camp or expectations .	It was not about training camp or expectations .	pos_neg	9791
Some bills that seem like natural deductions are .	Some bills that seem like natural deductions are not .	pos_neg	9792
I believed it .	I did not believe it .	pos_neg	9793
So the institute was the source .	So the institute was not the source .	pos_neg	9794
Dr Katz supports this approach .	Dr Katz does not support this approach .	pos_neg	9795
The reason for the decline is hard to understand .	The reason for the decline is not hard to understand .	pos_neg	9796
You just drown in the bathtub , especially a small whirlpool .	You just do not drown in the bathtub , especially a small whirlpool .	pos_neg	9797
Department spokesman Russ Knocke said information on union membership is collected .	Department spokesman Russ Knocke said information on union membership is not collected .	pos_neg	9798
Sorry it is more often .	Sorry it is not more often .	pos_neg	9799
Now I think I can afford the condo .	Now I do not think I can afford the condo .	pos_neg	9800
It was immediately clear who McClinton 's lawyer was Tuesday .	It was not immediately clear who McClinton 's lawyer was Tuesday .	pos_neg	9801
Podolski is .	Podolski is not .	pos_neg	9802
This actually was far from what slightly more responsible research bore out .	This actually was not far from what slightly more responsible research bore out .	pos_neg	9803
Whether Gordon Brown was consulted about the timetable is clear .	Whether Gordon Brown was consulted about the timetable is not clear .	pos_neg	9804
But Francis Ford Coppola 's story was true .	But Francis Ford Coppola 's story was not true .	pos_neg	9805
He is always comfortable with how his work is analyzed .	He is not always comfortable with how his work is analyzed .	pos_neg	9806
These are sophisticated things .	These are not sophisticated things .	pos_neg	9807
Giuliani Has Insight Into What Will Happen In Iraq .	Giuliani Does Not Have Insight Into What Will Happen In Iraq .	pos_neg	9808
Take them to court if you are happy .	Take them to court if you are not happy .	pos_neg	9809
It is a death wish like some people have thought about it .	It is not a death wish like some people have thought about it .	pos_neg	9810
That matters now .	That does not matter now .	pos_neg	9811
But it is just the environment that has to be protected .	But it is not just the environment that has to be protected .	pos_neg	9812
, have been seen since their capture .	, have not been seen since their capture .	pos_neg	9813
He needs millions of dollars , Clark said .	He does not need millions of dollars , Clark said .	pos_neg	9814
Except some people got it , and that still baffles him .	Except some people did not get it , and that still baffles him .	pos_neg	9815
He returned to the game , won by the Titans 31-14 .	He did not return to the game , won by the Titans 31-14 .	pos_neg	9816
It showed that character is someone who makes hollow threats .	It showed that character is not someone who makes hollow threats .	pos_neg	9817
This is , therefore , a book about the political weather .	This is not , therefore , a book about the political weather .	pos_neg	9818
Aberlich disclosed the number of workers that will be affected .	Aberlich did not disclose the number of workers that will be affected .	pos_neg	9819
Of course , this relationship is perfect .	Of course , this relationship is not perfect .	pos_neg	9820
It is quite like the House of Commons , you know .	It is not quite like the House of Commons , you know .	pos_neg	9821
No matter what happened today , it was good for the system .	No matter what happened today , it was not good for the system .	pos_neg	9822
Apparently , Jeri has been shy about using her authority .	Apparently , Jeri has not been shy about using her authority .	pos_neg	9823
I know what that was , but I heard it .	I do not know what that was , but I heard it .	pos_neg	9824
I expect to live in a 600 square foot condo forever .	I do not expect to live in a 600 square foot condo forever .	pos_neg	9825
Pang said he was dismayed by the odds despite his experience .	Pang said he was not dismayed by the odds despite his experience .	pos_neg	9826
However , Branson has always had billions to rescue troubled businesses .	However , Branson has not always had billions to rescue troubled businesses .	pos_neg	9827
I am a zealot when it comes to football .	I am not a zealot when it comes to football .	pos_neg	9828
Hopefully their half-hearted attempt at a death drop was factored into that .	Hopefully their half-hearted attempt at a death drop was not factored into that .	pos_neg	9829
It is that cold , just overcast and raining .	It is not that cold , just overcast and raining .	pos_neg	9830
We are lighting up the whole city of Boston with them .	We are not lighting up the whole city of Boston with them .	pos_neg	9831
And maybe you are , but you have advertise it .	And maybe you are , but you do not have advertise it .	pos_neg	9832
We want to be one of them .	We do not want to be one of them .	pos_neg	9833
These are terms that General Musharraf would have accepted a year ago .	These are not terms that General Musharraf would have accepted a year ago .	pos_neg	9834
That is what football is about .	That is not what football is about .	pos_neg	9835
But it was always easy .	But it was not always easy .	pos_neg	9836
Wu was the only one celebrating .	Wu was not the only one celebrating .	pos_neg	9837
Mice with suppressed immune responses showed increased blood clotting .	Mice with suppressed immune responses did not show increased blood clotting .	pos_neg	9838
" I want to analyze it , " she said .	" I do not want to analyze it , " she said .	pos_neg	9839
It is worth it for them .	It is not worth it for them .	pos_neg	9840
Sheriff 's officials knew whether he had a lawyer .	Sheriff 's officials did not know whether he had a lawyer .	pos_neg	9841
It should conduct the searching inquiry that the Justice Department has .	It should conduct the searching inquiry that the Justice Department has not .	pos_neg	9842
The official investigation cited radio failure as contributing to the accident .	The official investigation did not cite radio failure as contributing to the accident .	pos_neg	9843
I needed him to explain .	I did not need him to explain .	pos_neg	9844
The public is pleased .	The public is not pleased .	pos_neg	9845
Museum Chairman Saul Cohen said the collection is for sale .	Museum Chairman Saul Cohen said the collection is not for sale .	pos_neg	9846
The names of the exporting companies were identified .	The names of the exporting companies were not identified .	pos_neg	9847
Jaws were the only robust thing about G. monumentensis .	Jaws were not the only robust thing about G. monumentensis .	pos_neg	9848
We are sucking up ( to stars ) .	We are not sucking up ( to stars ) .	pos_neg	9849
I want to be throwing guys in blind .	I do not want to be throwing guys in blind .	pos_neg	9850
" It just was the right decision , " he said .	" It just was not the right decision , " he said .	pos_neg	9851
I think we underestimated Rangers .	I do not think we underestimated Rangers .	pos_neg	9852
Why it happened is what we are trying to sort out .	Why it did not happen is what we are trying to sort out .	pos_neg	9853
Meseret Defar missed Ethiopian teammate Tirunesh Dibaba in the 5,000 .	Meseret Defar did not miss Ethiopian teammate Tirunesh Dibaba in the 5,000 .	pos_neg	9854
China Daily said the ship was in immediate danger of sinking .	China Daily said the ship was not in immediate danger of sinking .	pos_neg	9855
It is just the rock stars .	It is not just the rock stars .	pos_neg	9856
Cintron 's curious decision was the reason the United States won .	Cintron 's curious decision was not the reason the United States won .	pos_neg	9857
Savio 's relatives have long suspected she drowned accidentally .	Savio 's relatives have long suspected she did not drown accidentally .	pos_neg	9858
However , police are treating his death as suspicious .	However , police are not treating his death as suspicious .	pos_neg	9859
It has just been bedroom music .	It has not just been bedroom music .	pos_neg	9860
Financial terms of the cross-licensing agreement have been disclosed .	Financial terms of the cross-licensing agreement have not been disclosed .	pos_neg	9861
We focus on optimizing the revenue we have today .	We do not focus on optimizing the revenue we have today .	pos_neg	9862
This has always been the case .	This has not always been the case .	pos_neg	9863
Then , you know , they leave .	Then , you know , they do not leave .	pos_neg	9864
I know if I could do it myself .	I do not know if I could do it myself .	pos_neg	9865
Assembly resolutions are legally binding but reflect opinions of world governments .	Assembly resolutions are not legally binding but reflect opinions of world governments .	pos_neg	9866
But , he said , riches are necessary .	But , he said , riches are not necessary .	pos_neg	9867
Its accomplishments satisfy them , because none is pure-bred .	Its accomplishments do not satisfy them , because none is pure-bred .	pos_neg	9868
But he said he remembered the specifics of Leslie 's work .	But he said he did not remember the specifics of Leslie 's work .	pos_neg	9869
The cabins , the studios , were there .	The cabins , the studios , were not there .	pos_neg	9870
Above all , he stresses that the conflict was ideological but geopolitical .	Above all , he stresses that the conflict was not ideological but geopolitical .	pos_neg	9871
The problem stops at Ratatouille .	The problem does not stop at Ratatouille .	pos_neg	9872
Kim said he was sure when the dismantlement would begin .	Kim said he was not sure when the dismantlement would begin .	pos_neg	9873
Meyer : Politicians are used to being asked the hard questions .	Meyer : Politicians are not used to being asked the hard questions .	pos_neg	9874
It was clear Sunday whether they had returned to their posts .	It was not clear Sunday whether they had returned to their posts .	pos_neg	9875
Nora was alone in getting her kit off .	Nora was not alone in getting her kit off .	pos_neg	9876
My room was ready 30 minutes after check-in time .	My room was not ready 30 minutes after check-in time .	pos_neg	9877
The U.S. and Iraq are among the many states that signed .	The U.S. and Iraq are among the many states that did not sign .	pos_neg	9878
It is easy for everybody to get out of that situation .	It is not easy for everybody to get out of that situation .	pos_neg	9879
Authorities said how the fire was set .	Authorities did not say how the fire was set .	pos_neg	9880
That problem has been obvious this season .	That problem has not been obvious this season .	pos_neg	9881
However , the public area was full Tuesday .	However , the public area was not full Tuesday .	pos_neg	9882
I think music 's purpose is that .	I do not think music 's purpose is that .	pos_neg	9883
He works the room like Clinton .	He does not work the room like Clinton .	pos_neg	9884
The AT & T system is foolproof , however .	The AT & T system is not foolproof , however .	pos_neg	9885
Of course , he is without his critics .	Of course , he is not without his critics .	pos_neg	9886
I am a collector .	I am not a collector .	pos_neg	9887
It is gloom and doom , this thing .	It is not gloom and doom , this thing .	pos_neg	9888
What they found out was good , at least on offense .	What they found out was not good , at least on offense .	pos_neg	9889
The players wasted their time throwing tantrums or arguing .	The players did not waste their time throwing tantrums or arguing .	pos_neg	9890
But I feel that way myself .	But I do not feel that way myself .	pos_neg	9891
Marisol has become more voluble with time .	Marisol has not become more voluble with time .	pos_neg	9892
Virginia Tech is alone in this regard .	Virginia Tech is not alone in this regard .	pos_neg	9893
But that is a story newspapers are well prepared to tell .	But that is not a story newspapers are well prepared to tell .	pos_neg	9894
And if this surprises you , you are alone .	And if this surprises you , you are not alone .	pos_neg	9895
And I have heard Andrew say it .	And I have not heard Andrew say it .	pos_neg	9896
History has always borne out Edwards 's Dixie confidence .	History has not always borne out Edwards 's Dixie confidence .	pos_neg	9897
Local One has drawn up a new offer .	Local One has not drawn up a new offer .	pos_neg	9898
The implementation of the policy has been uniform across the country .	The implementation of the policy has not been uniform across the country .	pos_neg	9899
Fulfilling other people 's expectations of pleasure is an exact science .	Fulfilling other people 's expectations of pleasure is not an exact science .	pos_neg	9900
They cared who you were .	They did not care who you were .	pos_neg	9901
Eyesores are restricted to homes , Lane said .	Eyesores are not restricted to homes , Lane said .	pos_neg	9902
They are responsible for their losses .	They are not responsible for their losses .	pos_neg	9903
New games in the spotlight That is only my opinion .	New games in the spotlight That is not only my opinion .	pos_neg	9904
Last year 's game was pleasant for Navy .	Last year 's game was not pleasant for Navy .	pos_neg	9905
But it makes those correlations significant .	But it does not make those correlations significant .	pos_neg	9906
They are using their intelligence or college education .	They are not using their intelligence or college education .	pos_neg	9907
But he said he saw it as a major problem .	But he said he did not see it as a major problem .	pos_neg	9908
He is retired , so he is worried about losing his job .	He is retired , so he is not worried about losing his job .	pos_neg	9909
The Tschuggen Bergoase is your typical spa .	The Tschuggen Bergoase is not your typical spa .	pos_neg	9910
Breast-feed if you are taking INVEGA .	Do not breast-feed if you are taking INVEGA .	pos_neg	9911
I give them up .	I do not give them up .	pos_neg	9912
That legacy has scared off potential buyers .	That legacy has not scared off potential buyers .	pos_neg	9913
It is easy rallying the troops following a major defeat .	It is not easy rallying the troops following a major defeat .	pos_neg	9914
In some ways you need a lot more than that .	In some ways you do not need a lot more than that .	pos_neg	9915
Spurs have won at Old Trafford since 1989 .	Spurs have not won at Old Trafford since 1989 .	pos_neg	9916
The figures include police , also part of the force .	The figures do not include police , also part of the force .	pos_neg	9917
By Samantha Gross One person is a troop .	By Samantha Gross One person is not a troop .	pos_neg	9918
They are fallen angels , but risen reptiles .	They are not fallen angels , but risen reptiles .	pos_neg	9919
Officials at Green Crest responded to requests for comment .	Officials at Green Crest did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	9920
This is something I dreamed up or she dreamed up .	This is not something I dreamed up or she dreamed up .	pos_neg	9921
I knew what was going to happen .	I did not know what was going to happen .	pos_neg	9922
We have to worry about trials .	We do not have to worry about trials .	pos_neg	9923
A spokesman for the Pentagon in Washington was immediately available for comment .	A spokesman for the Pentagon in Washington was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	9924
" You start where you finish , " he said .	" You do not start where you finish , " he said .	pos_neg	9925
But let the scarred and dusty boots fool you .	But do not let the scarred and dusty boots fool you .	pos_neg	9926
They want to rock the boat .	They do not want to rock the boat .	pos_neg	9927
But the law guides the choice of vehicles .	But the law does not guide the choice of vehicles .	pos_neg	9928
It is malfeasance ; these folks aren 't adequately prepared .	It is not malfeasance ; these folks aren 't adequately prepared .	pos_neg	9929
We caught a fish for the first two hours .	We did not catch a fish for the first two hours .	pos_neg	9930
The family 's lawyer returned telephone messages .	The family 's lawyer did not return telephone messages .	pos_neg	9931
He longs to tell stories , but knows how .	He longs to tell stories , but does not know how .	pos_neg	9932
But it is new .	But it is not new .	pos_neg	9933
Harbhajan 10-1-38-0 They arrested me .	Harbhajan 10-1-38-0 They did not arrest me .	pos_neg	9934
I know if they got out .	I do not know if they got out .	pos_neg	9935
And they simply have that kind of technology available .	And they simply do not have that kind of technology available .	pos_neg	9936
The timing is coincidental .	The timing is not coincidental .	pos_neg	9937
Beardsley returned a phone message seeking comment .	Beardsley did not return a phone message seeking comment .	pos_neg	9938
The Giants ( 5-2 ) are far behind .	The Giants ( 5-2 ) are not far behind .	pos_neg	9939
We have been successful in protection .	We have not been successful in protection .	pos_neg	9940
Mangal has said previously it was clear who was holding the four .	Mangal has said previously it was not clear who was holding the four .	pos_neg	9941
Sellers ' attorney Jimmy Logan returned a call for comment .	Sellers ' attorney Jimmy Logan did not return a call for comment .	pos_neg	9942
Those crew members are on strike .	Those crew members are not on strike .	pos_neg	9943
" I am so glad it is you , " Deborah replied .	" I am so glad it is not you , " Deborah replied .	pos_neg	9944
You find him conceding unnecessary penalties .	You do not find him conceding unnecessary penalties .	pos_neg	9945
Rose has gone anywhere .	Rose has not gone anywhere .	pos_neg	9946
Her job provides health coverage .	Her job does not provide health coverage .	pos_neg	9947
The monthly patterns they detected were related to companies ' earnings cycles .	The monthly patterns they detected were not related to companies ' earnings cycles .	pos_neg	9948
I understand that he showed up .	I understand that he did not show up .	pos_neg	9949
I have been in it .	I have not been in it .	pos_neg	9950
Flamenco on ice - it is pretty .	Flamenco on ice - it is not pretty .	pos_neg	9951
Our emissions are high , but forget who created this .	Our emissions are high , but do not forget who created this .	pos_neg	9952
He was involved in the report .	He was not involved in the report .	pos_neg	9953
Eggermont was linked to the study .	Eggermont was not linked to the study .	pos_neg	9954
It helps that we lack reflective time .	It does not help that we lack reflective time .	pos_neg	9955
Let 's suppose you are in this group .	Let 's suppose you are not in this group .	pos_neg	9956
Of course , I was there in that conversation .	Of course , I was not there in that conversation .	pos_neg	9957
Valerie appeared at the event , but addressed the crowd .	Valerie appeared at the event , but did not address the crowd .	pos_neg	9958
We anticipate losing a billion dollars .	We do not anticipate losing a billion dollars .	pos_neg	9959
The likely effects of the spill were immediately clear .	The likely effects of the spill were not immediately clear .	pos_neg	9960
" They said , " Win or come home .	" They said , " Win or do not come home .	pos_neg	9961
JOSH GROBAN : I am materialistic !	JOSH GROBAN : I am not materialistic !	pos_neg	9962
SVP officials insist that their campaign is racist , just anticrime .	SVP officials insist that their campaign is not racist , just anticrime .	pos_neg	9963
What they have done is play when both are an unthinkable 0-2 .	What they have not done is play when both are an unthinkable 0-2 .	pos_neg	9964
It is like hiding a balloon you can swallow .	It is not like hiding a balloon you can swallow .	pos_neg	9965
Feather boas are unheard of .	Feather boas are not unheard of .	pos_neg	9966
Starting an appointment furious about the wait is conducive to good care .	Starting an appointment furious about the wait is not conducive to good care .	pos_neg	9967
I have felt such excitement watching a Formula 1 race .	I have not felt such excitement watching a Formula 1 race .	pos_neg	9968
Wounds to his head and back were life-threatening .	Wounds to his head and back were not life-threatening .	pos_neg	9969
Lib Dems contest gets interesting But I am that good .	Lib Dems contest gets interesting But I am not that good .	pos_neg	9970
Many are .	Many are not .	pos_neg	9971
Dr. Nowakowski returned repeated calls seeking comment Tuesday .	Dr. Nowakowski did not return repeated calls seeking comment Tuesday .	pos_neg	9972
This , too , is surprising .	This , too , is not surprising .	pos_neg	9973
I knew for sure that there would be , frankly .	I did not know for sure that there would be , frankly .	pos_neg	9974
Bengals DE Frostee Rucker played because of a hamstring injury .	Bengals DE Frostee Rucker did not play because of a hamstring injury .	pos_neg	9975
More details were immediately available .	More details were not immediately available .	pos_neg	9976
Her condition was immediately known .	Her condition was not immediately known .	pos_neg	9977
Well , I just think that is going to happen .	Well , I just do not think that is going to happen .	pos_neg	9978
" Ah , I care about that , " Dowling said .	" Ah , I do not care about that , " Dowling said .	pos_neg	9979
The women are fooled .	The women are not fooled .	pos_neg	9980
That is an approach we can afford .	That is not an approach we can afford .	pos_neg	9981
I want a meltdown .	I do not want a meltdown .	pos_neg	9982
I knew .	I did not know .	pos_neg	9983
But that means that it will satisfy tenants .	But that does not mean that it will satisfy tenants .	pos_neg	9984
The Foleo was necessarily a bad product .	The Foleo was not necessarily a bad product .	pos_neg	9985
England and Wales are alone .	England and Wales are not alone .	pos_neg	9986
He was a celebrity .	He was not a celebrity .	pos_neg	9987
But that is quite the same as saying they are all equal .	But that is not quite the same as saying they are all equal .	pos_neg	9988
But it is always smiles and self-effacing humor for the 30-year-old .	But it is not always smiles and self-effacing humor for the 30-year-old .	pos_neg	9989
Unfortunately it just happened tonight .	Unfortunately it just did not happen tonight .	pos_neg	9990
The spread of PCs is always a sign of economic vitality .	The spread of PCs is not always a sign of economic vitality .	pos_neg	9991
ROMNEY : It is good , but it is that good .	ROMNEY : It is good , but it is not that good .	pos_neg	9992
We believe in a revolutionary approach .	We do not believe in a revolutionary approach .	pos_neg	9993
But even he was entirely sure why Jena became the focal point .	But even he was not entirely sure why Jena became the focal point .	pos_neg	9994
" It probably fits us , " Jones quickly added .	" It probably does not fit us , " Jones quickly added .	pos_neg	9995
Mr. Coleman supports shutting down the Texas Lottery .	Mr. Coleman does not support shutting down the Texas Lottery .	pos_neg	9996
The officials announced who the penalty was on .	The officials did not announce who the penalty was on .	pos_neg	9997
This is a joke .	This is not a joke .	pos_neg	9998
10 , 2007 - Today 's free market is exactly free .	10 , 2007 - Today 's free market is not exactly free .	pos_neg	9999
And leave cats out .	And do not leave cats out .	pos_neg	10000
Harvestman are found on young islands like Hawaii .	Harvestman are not found on young islands like Hawaii .	pos_neg	10001
I make excuses for young players .	I do not make excuses for young players .	pos_neg	10002
She knew whether the girls were friends or were related .	She did not know whether the girls were friends or were related .	pos_neg	10003
We are big fans of pushing blocks around screens .	We are not big fans of pushing blocks around screens .	pos_neg	10004
And that life is going to be a good one .	And that life is not going to be a good one .	pos_neg	10005
But he said he saw it spreading to the broader economy .	But he said he did not see it spreading to the broader economy .	pos_neg	10006
The suckling pig liver is actually on the written menu .	The suckling pig liver is not actually on the written menu .	pos_neg	10007
The final score indicates how tight this game was .	The final score does not indicate how tight this game was .	pos_neg	10008
It means a sale has been concluded .	It does not mean a sale has been concluded .	pos_neg	10009
It is just Old Trees .	It is not just Old Trees .	pos_neg	10010
At one stage , I thought we would get there .	At one stage , I did not think we would get there .	pos_neg	10011
About Argosy University It is something you can decide to talk about .	About Argosy University It is not something you can decide to talk about .	pos_neg	10012
We trust him .	We do not trust him .	pos_neg	10013
" I had been aware of that , " Krongard said .	" I had not been aware of that , " Krongard said .	pos_neg	10014
I know why my brother set up that Web site .	I do not know why my brother set up that Web site .	pos_neg	10015
That was happening before .	That was not happening before .	pos_neg	10016
But he has to like it .	But he does not have to like it .	pos_neg	10017
The woman was identified yesterday by federal prosecutors or the commission .	The woman was not identified yesterday by federal prosecutors or the commission .	pos_neg	10018
It means that their marriage or partnership is doomed .	It does not mean that their marriage or partnership is doomed .	pos_neg	10019
" " We want this wall .	" " We do not want this wall .	pos_neg	10020
There is a lot of time left .	There is not a lot of time left .	pos_neg	10021
I wanted to be asked to leave .	I did not want to be asked to leave .	pos_neg	10022
But yet again , the government has delivered .	But yet again , the government has not delivered .	pos_neg	10023
Dr. Collins was asked to participate in the film .	Dr. Collins was not asked to participate in the film .	pos_neg	10024
But luxury is limited to external looks .	But luxury is not limited to external looks .	pos_neg	10025
They went through the turnstile together and looked back .	They went through the turnstile together and did not look back .	pos_neg	10026
He left her , however .	He did not leave her , however .	pos_neg	10027
I am sure why .	I am not sure why .	pos_neg	10028
But he said he is irritated that Leinart had aired his feelings .	But he said he is not irritated that Leinart had aired his feelings .	pos_neg	10029
I mean her appearance .	I do not mean her appearance .	pos_neg	10030
Calls to the judge 's chambers yesterday were returned .	Calls to the judge 's chambers yesterday were not returned .	pos_neg	10031
JetBlue has disclosed its voucher costs since .	JetBlue has not disclosed its voucher costs since .	pos_neg	10032
The cousin 's name was immediately released .	The cousin 's name was not immediately released .	pos_neg	10033
Keep firearms easily accessible in your home .	Do not keep firearms easily accessible in your home .	pos_neg	10034
They were carefully monitored to ensure that they lost weight .	They were carefully monitored to ensure that they did not lose weight .	pos_neg	10035
The first frost is everything , though .	The first frost is not everything , though .	pos_neg	10036
The cause of death was given .	The cause of death was not given .	pos_neg	10037
We passed it to our children in the bloodstream .	We did not pass it to our children in the bloodstream .	pos_neg	10038
It is true you are overexposed .	It is true you are not overexposed .	pos_neg	10039
It happens all the time , but it does happen .	It does not happen all the time , but it does happen .	pos_neg	10040
The poorest countries have to make concessions .	The poorest countries do not have to make concessions .	pos_neg	10041
But that has been true for quite some time .	But that has not been true for quite some time .	pos_neg	10042
Velazquez said that was an issue in the Juvenile .	Velazquez said that was not an issue in the Juvenile .	pos_neg	10043
The gully deposits were present in 1999 images but appeared by 2004 .	The gully deposits were not present in 1999 images but appeared by 2004 .	pos_neg	10044
Unlike Superman , a tax auditor has X-ray vision .	Unlike Superman , a tax auditor does not have X-ray vision .	pos_neg	10045
A fractured hip has slowed Khan .	A fractured hip has not slowed Khan .	pos_neg	10046
But go thinking Schwimmer is an easy-going , laid-back kinda guy .	But do not go thinking Schwimmer is an easy-going , laid-back kinda guy .	pos_neg	10047
Griese , like Grossman , has a stellar group of receivers .	Griese , like Grossman , does not have a stellar group of receivers .	pos_neg	10048
You need a race .	You do not need a race .	pos_neg	10049
You know I mind being asked the questions .	You know I do not mind being asked the questions .	pos_neg	10050
I was blond .	I was not blond .	pos_neg	10051
It is clear how long the senator has known of his condition .	It is not clear how long the senator has known of his condition .	pos_neg	10052
The month may have changed , but their sentence has .	The month may have changed , but their sentence has not .	pos_neg	10053
An indictment and criminal complaint are a finding of guilt .	An indictment and criminal complaint are not a finding of guilt .	pos_neg	10054
It is all that sensitive .	It is not all that sensitive .	pos_neg	10055
It exists .	It does not exist .	pos_neg	10056
They were personally in contact with the birds .	They were not personally in contact with the birds .	pos_neg	10057
We have fun with lighting - it is fancy laser stuff .	We have fun with lighting - it is not fancy laser stuff .	pos_neg	10058
And specifically , why more of them are being funny on television .	And specifically , why more of them are not being funny on television .	pos_neg	10059
At the moment , doing this across EU borders is easy .	At the moment , doing this across EU borders is not easy .	pos_neg	10060
But I wanted to show it to Steve .	But I did not want to show it to Steve .	pos_neg	10061
We know what we are doing .	We do not know what we are doing .	pos_neg	10062
Beauty Turner is so sure about that .	Beauty Turner is not so sure about that .	pos_neg	10063
Nicole always loved minimalism , but we live a minimalist life .	Nicole always loved minimalism , but we do not live a minimalist life .	pos_neg	10064
I like to kill children and the kids .	I do not like to kill children and the kids .	pos_neg	10065
The NFL does this , Waller laments .	The NFL does not do this , Waller laments .	pos_neg	10066
Websense Announces Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences It is so difficult .	Websense Announces Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences It is not so difficult .	pos_neg	10067
It is the first time a California cathedral has raised eyebrows .	It is not the first time a California cathedral has raised eyebrows .	pos_neg	10068
The training , which lasts seven months , promises employment .	The training , which lasts seven months , does not promise employment .	pos_neg	10069
The amount is unusual for a fundraiser .	The amount is not unusual for a fundraiser .	pos_neg	10070
If it is hormonal , that is a big selling point .	If it is not hormonal , that is a big selling point .	pos_neg	10071
Yet muscle implants are allowed .	Yet muscle implants are not allowed .	pos_neg	10072
I know why , Dr. Francine .	I do not know why , Dr. Francine .	pos_neg	10073
We need more speed management .	We do not need more speed management .	pos_neg	10074
I hope this is a nice way of saying hallucination .	I hope this is not a nice way of saying hallucination .	pos_neg	10075
I was helpless .	I was not helpless .	pos_neg	10076
I am in the government .	I am not in the government .	pos_neg	10077
Exactly how significant the deal is , we know .	Exactly how significant the deal is , we do not know .	pos_neg	10078
This is government-run .	This is not government-run .	pos_neg	10079
True enough , it is always thrilling work .	True enough , it is not always thrilling work .	pos_neg	10080
The pain went away .	The pain did not go away .	pos_neg	10081
Those shining examples of school success deny this bigger picture .	Those shining examples of school success do not deny this bigger picture .	pos_neg	10082
The study compared quality .	The study did not compare quality .	pos_neg	10083
But Mr Hu is in favour of elections for his job .	But Mr Hu is not in favour of elections for his job .	pos_neg	10084
Some Catholics were smiling , however .	Some Catholics were not smiling , however .	pos_neg	10085
Popular hip-hop artists are usually the silent type .	Popular hip-hop artists are not usually the silent type .	pos_neg	10086
It was the kind he liked .	It was not the kind he liked .	pos_neg	10087
But that possibility dissuaded him .	But that possibility did not dissuade him .	pos_neg	10088
Please call me a widow .	Please do not call me a widow .	pos_neg	10089
Everton sunk by late Kuyt penalty It is .	Everton sunk by late Kuyt penalty It is not .	pos_neg	10090
The brief announcement provided other details .	The brief announcement did not provide other details .	pos_neg	10091
This went over so smoothly .	This did not go over so smoothly .	pos_neg	10092
The building was evacuated .	The building was not evacuated .	pos_neg	10093
Godfrey had particulars on the cause of death .	Godfrey did not have particulars on the cause of death .	pos_neg	10094
But they have the Church hierarchy fully onside .	But they do not have the Church hierarchy fully onside .	pos_neg	10095
" I am gay or a marijuana smoker , " he says .	" I am not gay or a marijuana smoker , " he says .	pos_neg	10096
Some of these are necessary , but many are .	Some of these are necessary , but many are not .	pos_neg	10097
Sometimes I shower for four days .	Sometimes I do not shower for four days .	pos_neg	10098
One son from Anhui province wanted to study .	One son from Anhui province did not want to study .	pos_neg	10099
Energy Department spokeswoman Megan Barnett said Emanuel 's requests have been funded .	Energy Department spokeswoman Megan Barnett said Emanuel 's requests have not been funded .	pos_neg	10100
This David Duchovny comedy is funny .	This David Duchovny comedy is not funny .	pos_neg	10101
The Rockies promise they turn to God to construct their roster .	The Rockies promise they do not turn to God to construct their roster .	pos_neg	10102
A hospital spokesman said doctors were sure when she will be released .	A hospital spokesman said doctors were not sure when she will be released .	pos_neg	10103
One of our problems is that the abbey is a museum .	One of our problems is that the abbey is not a museum .	pos_neg	10104
Labels and expiration dates alone suffice .	Labels and expiration dates alone do not suffice .	pos_neg	10105
Poorer people have those choices .	Poorer people do not have those choices .	pos_neg	10106
I think she necessarily did .	I do not think she necessarily did .	pos_neg	10107
The fact that she was my cousin was taken into consideration .	The fact that she was my cousin was not taken into consideration .	pos_neg	10108
This book is about whistle blowing .	This book is not about whistle blowing .	pos_neg	10109
On the state sex-offender registry , he is listed as a predator .	On the state sex-offender registry , he is not listed as a predator .	pos_neg	10110
We are perfect .	We are not perfect .	pos_neg	10111
A hearing date for the suit has been set .	A hearing date for the suit has not been set .	pos_neg	10112
Other details of the agreement were immediately available .	Other details of the agreement were not immediately available .	pos_neg	10113
But that has panned out .	But that has not panned out .	pos_neg	10114
You spend the time upfront so that your treatment plan is generic .	You spend the time upfront so that your treatment plan is not generic .	pos_neg	10115
I am discouraged .	I am not discouraged .	pos_neg	10116
Herzog is kidding around here .	Herzog is not kidding around here .	pos_neg	10117
Mr. Chelios said that finding parts was an issue .	Mr. Chelios said that finding parts was not an issue .	pos_neg	10118
Homo economicus would accept any division in which his share was zero .	Homo economicus would accept any division in which his share was not zero .	pos_neg	10119
The cause of the explosion was immediately known .	The cause of the explosion was not immediately known .	pos_neg	10120
And they want to know us elderlies .	And they do not want to know us elderlies .	pos_neg	10121
About Shop At Home We showed up .	About Shop At Home We did not show up .	pos_neg	10122
Random drug testing is included in this database .	Random drug testing is not included in this database .	pos_neg	10123
I thought we did last year .	I did not think we did last year .	pos_neg	10124
Gates said that Harvey 's response was aggressive enough .	Gates said that Harvey 's response was not aggressive enough .	pos_neg	10125
But it means the whole concept is without merit .	But it does not mean the whole concept is without merit .	pos_neg	10126
These arguments are only debatable , they are irrelevant .	These arguments are not only debatable , they are irrelevant .	pos_neg	10127
A spokesman for the center returned a call for comment .	A spokesman for the center did not return a call for comment .	pos_neg	10128
You 're fond of drum solos .	You 're not fond of drum solos .	pos_neg	10129
Proving , the government claim , that they stole the idea .	Proving , the government claim , that they did not steal the idea .	pos_neg	10130
He wished to jostle his liquor .	He did not wish to jostle his liquor .	pos_neg	10131
And we had to go to nuclear war with them .	And we did not have to go to nuclear war with them .	pos_neg	10132
That was his goal .	That was not his goal .	pos_neg	10133
AEGON experienced impairments to its subprime mortgage investments .	AEGON did not experience impairments to its subprime mortgage investments .	pos_neg	10134
The mojo minimization is all the Fed 's fault , of course .	The mojo minimization is not all the Fed 's fault , of course .	pos_neg	10135
I shop at Waitrose all the time .	I do not shop at Waitrose all the time .	pos_neg	10136
Gallo returned a call seeking comment .	Gallo did not return a call seeking comment .	pos_neg	10137
Women stroll on sidewalks that existed last year .	Women stroll on sidewalks that did not exist last year .	pos_neg	10138
Ms. Gallo-Chasanoff returned phone messages over the weekend seeking comment .	Ms. Gallo-Chasanoff did not return phone messages over the weekend seeking comment .	pos_neg	10139
The FAA said collision was a concern .	The FAA said collision was not a concern .	pos_neg	10140
The museum is designed to bring on the revolution .	The museum is not designed to bring on the revolution .	pos_neg	10141
The group is expected to raise output quotas .	The group is not expected to raise output quotas .	pos_neg	10142
The contract review process is foolproof , however .	The contract review process is not foolproof , however .	pos_neg	10143
He gave me a chance to be aggressive .	He did not give me a chance to be aggressive .	pos_neg	10144
The 550 existing homes are affected .	The 550 existing homes are not affected .	pos_neg	10145
It has been a problem this week .	It has not been a problem this week .	pos_neg	10146
It is about Chelsea .	It is not about Chelsea .	pos_neg	10147
He said his only regret about the night was winning the game .	He said his only regret about the night was not winning the game .	pos_neg	10148
I think I have come across a letter like this .	I do not think I have come across a letter like this .	pos_neg	10149
It was clear how he was hurt .	It was not clear how he was hurt .	pos_neg	10150
His teammates knew Simon had been contemplating retirement .	His teammates did not know Simon had been contemplating retirement .	pos_neg	10151
This is Shepard 's first foray into politics .	This is not Shepard 's first foray into politics .	pos_neg	10152
" It is Ringling Brothers , " Arenberg said .	" It is not Ringling Brothers , " Arenberg said .	pos_neg	10153
Even when confronting your friend , follow in her negative footsteps .	Even when confronting your friend , do not follow in her negative footsteps .	pos_neg	10154
He is as good a speaker as Edwards .	He is not as good a speaker as Edwards .	pos_neg	10155
Then in that time you have to know .	Then in that time you do not have to know .	pos_neg	10156
I am going to score every week .	I am not going to score every week .	pos_neg	10157
This audience has really been marketed too effectively in the political space .	This audience has not really been marketed too effectively in the political space .	pos_neg	10158
Ms. Lenz said the project failed from lack of interest .	Ms. Lenz said the project did not fail from lack of interest .	pos_neg	10159
But he expects it to last .	But he does not expect it to last .	pos_neg	10160
He said this to me at the time .	He did not say this to me at the time .	pos_neg	10161
It was a virus .	It was not a virus .	pos_neg	10162
They are locked up .	They are not locked up .	pos_neg	10163
Willis ' PGA Tour season has been a memorable one .	Willis ' PGA Tour season has not been a memorable one .	pos_neg	10164
I think we do that stuff .	I do not think we do that stuff .	pos_neg	10165
Callahan said his confidence in his own abilities have been shaken .	Callahan said his confidence in his own abilities have not been shaken .	pos_neg	10166
But many agree .	But many do not agree .	pos_neg	10167
It means that the political change is taking place .	It does not mean that the political change is taking place .	pos_neg	10168
It was immediately clear on Friday when it would be complete .	It was not immediately clear on Friday when it would be complete .	pos_neg	10169
It is going to happen just because you elect a Democrat .	It is not going to happen just because you elect a Democrat .	pos_neg	10170
The publishers say the hard times scare off would-be authors .	The publishers say the hard times do not scare off would-be authors .	pos_neg	10171
They told me why they did it .	They did not tell me why they did it .	pos_neg	10172
This is to make light of the masculine charge .	This is not to make light of the masculine charge .	pos_neg	10173
His wounds were life-threatening , The A.P. said .	His wounds were not life-threatening , The A.P. said .	pos_neg	10174
Duffy returned calls to his office .	Duffy did not return calls to his office .	pos_neg	10175
The great ones , you see , boast .	The great ones , you see , do not boast .	pos_neg	10176
I just want to see them .	I just do not want to see them .	pos_neg	10177
No , it is .	No , it is not .	pos_neg	10178
They were buying it .	They were not buying it .	pos_neg	10179
It is just about building .	It is not just about building .	pos_neg	10180
This is the first time bonus pay has been scrutinized .	This is not the first time bonus pay has been scrutinized .	pos_neg	10181
That had occurred to me .	That had not occurred to me .	pos_neg	10182
" My life has slowed down , " he said .	" My life has not slowed down , " he said .	pos_neg	10183
This is an entirely new idea .	This is not an entirely new idea .	pos_neg	10184
Government officials were reachable to comment .	Government officials were not reachable to comment .	pos_neg	10185
I condone my behavior .	I do not condone my behavior .	pos_neg	10186
He said he is sure where Dance Away Capote will run next .	He said he is not sure where Dance Away Capote will run next .	pos_neg	10187
Oct. 8 , 2007 - Al Gore is running for president .	Oct. 8 , 2007 - Al Gore is not running for president .	pos_neg	10188
If people stop at the checkpoints , they will be shot .	If people do not stop at the checkpoints , they will be shot .	pos_neg	10189
Police released his name , pending notification of family members .	Police did not release his name , pending notification of family members .	pos_neg	10190
18 , but the extent of the expected cut is clear .	18 , but the extent of the expected cut is not clear .	pos_neg	10191
I needed to be told what those contained .	I did not need to be told what those contained .	pos_neg	10192
Tradition usually allows you to mess with the cranberry sauce .	Tradition usually does not allow you to mess with the cranberry sauce .	pos_neg	10193
He said his son was capable of taking medicine himself .	He said his son was not capable of taking medicine himself .	pos_neg	10194
Children have to come here to get schoolwork done .	Children do not have to come here to get schoolwork done .	pos_neg	10195
A billion dollars just goes as far as it used to .	A billion dollars just does not go as far as it used to .	pos_neg	10196
Please hit me !	Please do not hit me !	pos_neg	10197
But they are endorsing the candidate .	But they are not endorsing the candidate .	pos_neg	10198
MIKE SILVERMAN got up once during the entire party .	MIKE SILVERMAN did not get up once during the entire party .	pos_neg	10199
Until I see it , I believe it .	Until I see it , I do not believe it .	pos_neg	10200
Russia has .	Russia has not .	pos_neg	10201
Now they know who the guys are .	Now they do not know who the guys are .	pos_neg	10202
But that is all the directive said .	But that is not all the directive said .	pos_neg	10203
-- Arizona Cardinals had a losing season .	-- Arizona Cardinals did not have a losing season .	pos_neg	10204
-- Have disagreements in front of the employees .	-- Do not have disagreements in front of the employees .	pos_neg	10205
I like staying in my office .	I do not like staying in my office .	pos_neg	10206
Free cash flow includes proceeds from the sale of Maytag businesses .	Free cash flow does not include proceeds from the sale of Maytag businesses .	pos_neg	10207
" I am making this up , " sighed Jefferies .	" I am not making this up , " sighed Jefferies .	pos_neg	10208
That has stopped the presses .	That has not stopped the presses .	pos_neg	10209
He also keeps a diary , avoids alcohol , and smokes .	He also keeps a diary , avoids alcohol , and does not smoke .	pos_neg	10210
The company 's Connect e-book service for the Sony Reader is affected .	The company 's Connect e-book service for the Sony Reader is not affected .	pos_neg	10211
" We have talked about it , " Moss said .	" We have not talked about it , " Moss said .	pos_neg	10212
Mr. Gasparino is an especially gifted biographer .	Mr. Gasparino is not an especially gifted biographer .	pos_neg	10213
Mr. Bullock is related to Kenneth Bullock .	Mr. Bullock is not related to Kenneth Bullock .	pos_neg	10214
But persistent good news on consumer spending has impeded predictions of recession .	But persistent good news on consumer spending has not impeded predictions of recession .	pos_neg	10215
That is necessarily illogical in the current climate .	That is not necessarily illogical in the current climate .	pos_neg	10216
He helped his cause following a poor performance in pregame warmups .	He did not help his cause following a poor performance in pregame warmups .	pos_neg	10217
They are bad people , it encompasses everybody .	They are not bad people , it encompasses everybody .	pos_neg	10218
No , it is the second coming of the Osmonds .	No , it is not the second coming of the Osmonds .	pos_neg	10219
And Riggio decided that he was going to pay this time .	And Riggio decided that he was not going to pay this time .	pos_neg	10220
" " It is now as it was before .	" " It is not now as it was before .	pos_neg	10221
It is about the Turkish people .	It is not about the Turkish people .	pos_neg	10222
The local Shiite sheik was at the checkpoint .	The local Shiite sheik was not at the checkpoint .	pos_neg	10223
It was clear who carried out the attacks .	It was not clear who carried out the attacks .	pos_neg	10224
The positive response was quite 2 percent .	The positive response was not quite 2 percent .	pos_neg	10225
A spokeswoman for Sallie Mae responded to an inquiry .	A spokeswoman for Sallie Mae did not respond to an inquiry .	pos_neg	10226
Residents have complained that they were properly informed of the pending sale .	Residents have complained that they were not properly informed of the pending sale .	pos_neg	10227
" " These are real negotiations .	" " These are not real negotiations .	pos_neg	10228
" I had heard that phrase before , " Mr. McCain said .	" I had not heard that phrase before , " Mr. McCain said .	pos_neg	10229
He says he tries .	He says he does not try .	pos_neg	10230
It is like this is the only thing I can do .	It is not like this is the only thing I can do .	pos_neg	10231
But I think he is a traitor for doing that .	But I do not think he is a traitor for doing that .	pos_neg	10232
The cousin , who is now 26 , has been charged .	The cousin , who is now 26 , has not been charged .	pos_neg	10233
Enjoy their generosity , and cave !	Enjoy their generosity , and do not cave !	pos_neg	10234
For tourists , particularly , it is good .	For tourists , particularly , it is not good .	pos_neg	10235
The programs have met with universal admiration .	The programs have not met with universal admiration .	pos_neg	10236
Oral Roberts University President Takes Leave Scruggs wasted time bantering back .	Oral Roberts University President Takes Leave Scruggs did not waste time bantering back .	pos_neg	10237
I decided an academic life was for me .	I decided an academic life was not for me .	pos_neg	10238
The unsettled nature of the race is unusual by presidential political standards .	The unsettled nature of the race is not unusual by presidential political standards .	pos_neg	10239
( They were ) .	( They were not ) .	pos_neg	10240
Spanish investment in Venezuela is indispensable .	Spanish investment in Venezuela is not indispensable .	pos_neg	10241
The orange revolution created the institutions needed for a functioning state .	The orange revolution did not create the institutions needed for a functioning state .	pos_neg	10242
Citizenship is the issue for school officials ; district residency is .	Citizenship is not the issue for school officials ; district residency is .	pos_neg	10243
They are all lesbians .	They are not all lesbians .	pos_neg	10244
Mr. Roeding wanted viewers to have a passive experience .	Mr. Roeding did not want viewers to have a passive experience .	pos_neg	10245
Paul Hartley ( Celtic ) I cannot remember when I sang .	Paul Hartley ( Celtic ) I cannot remember when I did not sing .	pos_neg	10246
Pohlad Sr. was immune to glamour .	Pohlad Sr. was not immune to glamour .	pos_neg	10247
The police had made an arrest and were investigating the incident .	The police had not made an arrest and were investigating the incident .	pos_neg	10248
The prosecutor , Gary Gambardella , was worried .	The prosecutor , Gary Gambardella , was not worried .	pos_neg	10249
I am sure they are right about the others .	I am not sure they are right about the others .	pos_neg	10250
Roddick Reaches Quarterfinals at U.S. Open Our philosophy 's to retaliate .	Roddick Reaches Quarterfinals at U.S. Open Our philosophy 's not to retaliate .	pos_neg	10251
It was immediately clear how it escaped .	It was not immediately clear how it escaped .	pos_neg	10252
But it was easy .	But it was not easy .	pos_neg	10253
They were exercising .	They were not exercising .	pos_neg	10254
Suddenly the idea of becoming bionic sounded so bad .	Suddenly the idea of becoming bionic did not sound so bad .	pos_neg	10255
Officials at Elite Financial Group returned calls yesterday afternoon .	Officials at Elite Financial Group did not return calls yesterday afternoon .	pos_neg	10256
That is what he would want .	That is not what he would want .	pos_neg	10257
Just tell him he is handsome .	Just do not tell him he is handsome .	pos_neg	10258
Mayer , Brown and Grant Thornton had immediate comments .	Mayer , Brown and Grant Thornton did not have immediate comments .	pos_neg	10259
Mr. Bush has shown a willingness to compromise .	Mr. Bush has not shown a willingness to compromise .	pos_neg	10260
His answers just were making sense .	His answers just were not making sense .	pos_neg	10261
It seems like a natural progression .	It does not seem like a natural progression .	pos_neg	10262
The youngster has been named but police said she lived locally .	The youngster has not been named but police said she lived locally .	pos_neg	10263
Discovery and its new acquisition are above a little self-promotion .	Discovery and its new acquisition are not above a little self-promotion .	pos_neg	10264
But these were my main quarry .	But these were not my main quarry .	pos_neg	10265
A musical murder mystery is an inherently bad idea .	A musical murder mystery is not an inherently bad idea .	pos_neg	10266
Hamas is party to the talks .	Hamas is not party to the talks .	pos_neg	10267
He notes that she is making a full pledge .	He notes that she is not making a full pledge .	pos_neg	10268
Forced assignments have been used since the Vietnam War era .	Forced assignments have not been used since the Vietnam War era .	pos_neg	10269
She sees how amazing my makeup looks , but it is me .	She sees how amazing my makeup looks , but it is not me .	pos_neg	10270
Messages left with the firm were immediately returned Wednesday .	Messages left with the firm were not immediately returned Wednesday .	pos_neg	10271
Please note that this list is exhaustive .	Please note that this list is not exhaustive .	pos_neg	10272
It is the name she now goes by .	It is not the name she now goes by .	pos_neg	10273
Also , the ... Maybe he thought there were enough .	Also , the ... Maybe he thought there were not enough .	pos_neg	10274
I knew what a doll was .	I did not know what a doll was .	pos_neg	10275
And I have to try very hard to find corroboration .	And I do not have to try very hard to find corroboration .	pos_neg	10276
Schering-Plough records sales of its cholesterol joint venture with Merck .	Schering-Plough does not record sales of its cholesterol joint venture with Merck .	pos_neg	10277
Monopoly , it seems , is the only game of chance .	Monopoly , it seems , is not the only game of chance .	pos_neg	10278
At least these had cloth doors like the ones last year .	At least these did not have cloth doors like the ones last year .	pos_neg	10279
The process , however , has been tested in the United States .	The process , however , has not been tested in the United States .	pos_neg	10280
It feels good .	It does not feel good .	pos_neg	10281
We were in the flow of it like we had been .	We were not in the flow of it like we had been .	pos_neg	10282
They just lactate the same volumes .	They just do not lactate the same volumes .	pos_neg	10283
Lexmark repurchased its stock during the third quarter .	Lexmark did not repurchase its stock during the third quarter .	pos_neg	10284
The Yankees are .	The Yankees are not .	pos_neg	10285
It is a term he particularly likes or embraces .	It is not a term he particularly likes or embraces .	pos_neg	10286
It was a war against the army , he added .	It was not a war against the army , he added .	pos_neg	10287
I know I was .	I know I was not .	pos_neg	10288
He made a mistake off the field or on the field .	He did not make a mistake off the field or on the field .	pos_neg	10289
Melhem said the accident involved a vehicle .	Melhem said the accident did not involve a vehicle .	pos_neg	10290
And yet , Microsoft has been able to make the Zune hip .	And yet , Microsoft has not been able to make the Zune hip .	pos_neg	10291
She is the world 's fastest dog or the fiercest .	She is not the world 's fastest dog or the fiercest .	pos_neg	10292
The freed hostages spoke to reporters .	The freed hostages did not speak to reporters .	pos_neg	10293
Mr. Jacob knew the details of that investigation .	Mr. Jacob did not know the details of that investigation .	pos_neg	10294
The mission , he acknowledges , is accomplished .	The mission , he acknowledges , is not accomplished .	pos_neg	10295
The authors say they receive royalties for these books .	The authors say they do not receive royalties for these books .	pos_neg	10296
I responded that it was a meeting but a concert .	I responded that it was not a meeting but a concert .	pos_neg	10297
The run-up to the election has been short of controversy .	The run-up to the election has not been short of controversy .	pos_neg	10298
The trend is entirely new but is apparently picking up speed .	The trend is not entirely new but is apparently picking up speed .	pos_neg	10299
SMOOTHER SEPTEMBER SKIES It is just your imagination .	SMOOTHER SEPTEMBER SKIES It is not just your imagination .	pos_neg	10300
We believe that is the case .	We do not believe that is the case .	pos_neg	10301
He certainly stacked shelves at Sainsbury 's .	He certainly did not stack shelves at Sainsbury 's .	pos_neg	10302
It is for me to judge .	It is not for me to judge .	pos_neg	10303
I want to see all of this fizzle out .	I do not want to see all of this fizzle out .	pos_neg	10304
Almost all mortgages are in default .	Almost all mortgages are not in default .	pos_neg	10305
For less fiscally focused singles , stoplight parties have paycheck requirements .	For less fiscally focused singles , stoplight parties do not have paycheck requirements .	pos_neg	10306
A MySpace spokeswoman returned calls seeking comment .	A MySpace spokeswoman did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	10307
" I am getting into those issues , " Carr said .	" I am not getting into those issues , " Carr said .	pos_neg	10308
The organizer of the now-disbanded pageant returned calls for comment .	The organizer of the now-disbanded pageant did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	10309
Mr Abdullah was available for comment when contacted today by Times Online .	Mr Abdullah was not available for comment when contacted today by Times Online .	pos_neg	10310
At the time his English was fluent .	At the time his English was not fluent .	pos_neg	10311
In official Israel , Wadi al-Nam exists .	In official Israel , Wadi al-Nam does not exist .	pos_neg	10312
I want to wake up .	I do not want to wake up .	pos_neg	10313
The Bucks had beaten the Cavaliers since Dec. 10 , 2005 .	The Bucks had not beaten the Cavaliers since Dec. 10 , 2005 .	pos_neg	10314
The move was without trade-offs .	The move was not without trade-offs .	pos_neg	10315
Actually , Peña 's performance is completely out of character for him .	Actually , Peña 's performance is not completely out of character for him .	pos_neg	10316
The house was perfect .	The house was not perfect .	pos_neg	10317
I am thinking about that .	I am not thinking about that .	pos_neg	10318
Police are treating Stacy Peterson 's disappearance as a criminal investigation .	Police are not treating Stacy Peterson 's disappearance as a criminal investigation .	pos_neg	10319
This is a race to the bottom .	This is not a race to the bottom .	pos_neg	10320
" " We want these young people to burn out .	" " We do not want these young people to burn out .	pos_neg	10321
You want to marry a bloke , after all .	You do not want to marry a bloke , after all .	pos_neg	10322
" " They are going to be deterred .	" " They are not going to be deterred .	pos_neg	10323
It is known why John alone should have been abandoned by her .	It is not known why John alone should have been abandoned by her .	pos_neg	10324
We look at ourselves like losers .	We do not look at ourselves like losers .	pos_neg	10325
These costs are allocated to the segments for assessing performance .	These costs are not allocated to the segments for assessing performance .	pos_neg	10326
It took long for the starlings to start spreading .	It did not take long for the starlings to start spreading .	pos_neg	10327
I know when he is going to be able to play .	I do not know when he is going to be able to play .	pos_neg	10328
The police get involved : these are private , family concerns .	The police do not get involved : these are private , family concerns .	pos_neg	10329
The man 's name was released yesterday .	The man 's name was not released yesterday .	pos_neg	10330
And let 's begin to fathom why the models wore eye patches .	And let 's not begin to fathom why the models wore eye patches .	pos_neg	10331
The increased workload has overwhelmed Alexander .	The increased workload has not overwhelmed Alexander .	pos_neg	10332
- Operate visibly damaged devices .	- Do not operate visibly damaged devices .	pos_neg	10333
We permit substandard or hazardous products to be exported .	We do not permit substandard or hazardous products to be exported .	pos_neg	10334
John Lewis has matched prices from online-only retailers since 1999 .	John Lewis has not matched prices from online-only retailers since 1999 .	pos_neg	10335
Others underestimate her relentlessness .	Others do not underestimate her relentlessness .	pos_neg	10336
It is perceived as unhealthy .	It is not perceived as unhealthy .	pos_neg	10337
It sure was easy .	It sure was not easy .	pos_neg	10338
The two Warners are related .	The two Warners are not related .	pos_neg	10339
That word is accurate .	That word is not accurate .	pos_neg	10340
Additionally , the $ 1.3 billion revenue figure incorporates all indications .	Additionally , the $ 1.3 billion revenue figure does not incorporate all indications .	pos_neg	10341
I accept it is a hard luck story .	I accept it is not a hard luck story .	pos_neg	10342
Manning was available for comment in the locker room after practice .	Manning was not available for comment in the locker room after practice .	pos_neg	10343
The Bellanca-Mahoney partnership has survived , but the Bellanca-Ryan-Mazzeo one has .	The Bellanca-Mahoney partnership has not survived , but the Bellanca-Ryan-Mazzeo one has .	pos_neg	10344
Rice attended the meeting .	Rice did not attend the meeting .	pos_neg	10345
" I have chosen a replacement , " he said .	" I have not chosen a replacement , " he said .	pos_neg	10346
The biggest thing is to be in a rush .	The biggest thing is not to be in a rush .	pos_neg	10347
" This is a failure of process , " Pound said .	" This is not a failure of process , " Pound said .	pos_neg	10348
It was immediately clear what caused the plane to crash .	It was not immediately clear what caused the plane to crash .	pos_neg	10349
It is just sound and fury signifying nothing .	It is not just sound and fury signifying nothing .	pos_neg	10350
Sandvine responded to a request for comment .	Sandvine did not respond to a request for comment .	pos_neg	10351
But it bothered his team .	But it did not bother his team .	pos_neg	10352
You get points for those .	You do not get points for those .	pos_neg	10353
Mrs. Clinton criticized Mr. Obama by name ; she rarely does .	Mrs. Clinton did not criticize Mr. Obama by name ; she rarely does .	pos_neg	10354
Simpson and the other defendants testified in their own defense .	Simpson and the other defendants did not testify in their own defense .	pos_neg	10355
My jet-fogged head knew quite what to make of it .	My jet-fogged head did not know quite what to make of it .	pos_neg	10356
This was the first time .	This was not the first time .	pos_neg	10357
We make enough of our mammals .	We do not make enough of our mammals .	pos_neg	10358
War has no return -- you are producing a product .	War has no return -- you are not producing a product .	pos_neg	10359
" We are talking about an indiscriminate roundup , " he said .	" We are not talking about an indiscriminate roundup , " he said .	pos_neg	10360
We know for sure .	We do not know for sure .	pos_neg	10361
If something goes wrong , I want to hold them up .	If something goes wrong , I do not want to hold them up .	pos_neg	10362
It is manners the Bills seek in Canada .	It is not manners the Bills seek in Canada .	pos_neg	10363
The American Association of Museums tracks attendance nationally .	The American Association of Museums does not track attendance nationally .	pos_neg	10364
This is an industry which often answers back .	This is an industry which often does not answer back .	pos_neg	10365
Hastert 's office responded to press calls early Thursday .	Hastert 's office did not respond to press calls early Thursday .	pos_neg	10366
Just tell your waiter .	Just do not tell your waiter .	pos_neg	10367
" That is responsible , " he says .	" That is not responsible , " he says .	pos_neg	10368
J. P. was alone .	J. P. was not alone .	pos_neg	10369
But WiMax is universally cheered .	But WiMax is not universally cheered .	pos_neg	10370
Some tenants said they had had gas for four months .	Some tenants said they had not had gas for four months .	pos_neg	10371
It is smart to annoy guests first thing in the morning .	It is not smart to annoy guests first thing in the morning .	pos_neg	10372
" We are at the ultimatum stage , " Eisin said .	" We are not at the ultimatum stage , " Eisin said .	pos_neg	10373
Missing their top runner slowed the Patriots .	Missing their top runner did not slow the Patriots .	pos_neg	10374
Better Move to Colombia Rustic , it is .	Better Move to Colombia Rustic , it is not .	pos_neg	10375
Children are simply little adults .	Children are not simply little adults .	pos_neg	10376
Representatives from Hertz returned calls for comment .	Representatives from Hertz did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	10377
The risks and uncertainties set forth above are exhausting .	The risks and uncertainties set forth above are not exhausting .	pos_neg	10378
I like to put words in leaders ' mouths .	I do not like to put words in leaders ' mouths .	pos_neg	10379
But those were the only incentives in a Torre contract .	But those were not the only incentives in a Torre contract .	pos_neg	10380
The girls expect couture .	The girls do not expect couture .	pos_neg	10381
She is a teacher herself but she is on strike .	She is a teacher herself but she is not on strike .	pos_neg	10382
The Company 's past performance is necessarily indicative of its future performance .	The Company 's past performance is not necessarily indicative of its future performance .	pos_neg	10383
The added funds stemmed the sell-off .	The added funds did not stem the sell-off .	pos_neg	10384
McGrath rejected suggestions that he was in control of himself .	McGrath rejected suggestions that he was not in control of himself .	pos_neg	10385
The state has elected a Democrat to Congress since 1976 .	The state has not elected a Democrat to Congress since 1976 .	pos_neg	10386
Republicans have sought Vitter 's resignation .	Republicans have not sought Vitter 's resignation .	pos_neg	10387
However , I think there will be a war .	However , I do not think there will be a war .	pos_neg	10388
Calls made to Farmers were returned .	Calls made to Farmers were not returned .	pos_neg	10389
( AP ) - Michael Jackson is worried about losing Neverland .	( AP ) - Michael Jackson is not worried about losing Neverland .	pos_neg	10390
No , he is joking .	No , he is not joking .	pos_neg	10391
They think about how to creatively reconfigure the spaces they have .	They do not think about how to creatively reconfigure the spaces they have .	pos_neg	10392
Abramovich wanted to pay that .	Abramovich did not want to pay that .	pos_neg	10393
They think you are making good decisions about what to eat .	They do not think you are making good decisions about what to eat .	pos_neg	10394
" I ¬ think so , " Benton says .	" I ¬ do not think so , " Benton says .	pos_neg	10395
I am a psychometrician .	I am not a psychometrician .	pos_neg	10396
He said how many students had been taken hostage .	He did not say how many students had been taken hostage .	pos_neg	10397
We have made those serious attempts .	We have not made those serious attempts .	pos_neg	10398
" I think about my success , " Edmonds said quietly .	" I do not think about my success , " Edmonds said quietly .	pos_neg	10399
But , that is happened to me very often .	But , that is not happened to me very often .	pos_neg	10400
The SNP promised communities 1,000 new police , but it is happening .	The SNP promised communities 1,000 new police , but it is not happening .	pos_neg	10401
These were people who were afraid to speak their minds .	These were people who were not afraid to speak their minds .	pos_neg	10402
I care what they say , we know what we believe .	I do not care what they say , we know what we believe .	pos_neg	10403
But she felt free .	But she did not feel free .	pos_neg	10404
Ah , wait , you know which exercises these are .	Ah , wait , you do not know which exercises these are .	pos_neg	10405
But he ruled out that others were doing so .	But he did not rule out that others were doing so .	pos_neg	10406
But he gives a damn .	But he does not give a damn .	pos_neg	10407
Trouble is , conventional wisdom is really all that wise .	Trouble is , conventional wisdom is not really all that wise .	pos_neg	10408
It gave details .	It did not give details .	pos_neg	10409
They think I am up to this .	They think I am not up to this .	pos_neg	10410
Malawian law covers all aspects of foreign adoptions .	Malawian law does not cover all aspects of foreign adoptions .	pos_neg	10411
& You wanted to be buying a house then .	& You did not want to be buying a house then .	pos_neg	10412
In deal talks , boards are Mommy and Daddy .	In deal talks , boards are not Mommy and Daddy .	pos_neg	10413
But he has the same polish .	But he does not have the same polish .	pos_neg	10414
They make nice pets , he said .	They do not make nice pets , he said .	pos_neg	10415
They are a mode of transport confined to the wealthy .	They are not a mode of transport confined to the wealthy .	pos_neg	10416
That is the case today .	That is not the case today .	pos_neg	10417
it is all cute outfits and cuddly toys .	it is not all cute outfits and cuddly toys .	pos_neg	10418
Terms of the sale were disclosed .	Terms of the sale were not disclosed .	pos_neg	10419
No , he raps .	No , he does not rap .	pos_neg	10420
Banks , after all , offer mortgages to buy furniture .	Banks , after all , do not offer mortgages to buy furniture .	pos_neg	10421
They are going away .	They are not going away .	pos_neg	10422
An e-mail to a spokeswoman for Jakes was immediately returned .	An e-mail to a spokeswoman for Jakes was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	10423
But things have gone as planned .	But things have not gone as planned .	pos_neg	10424
I am nobody 's victim , and I am complaining .	I am nobody 's victim , and I am not complaining .	pos_neg	10425
Professor Dillehay agreed , and said the process was over .	Professor Dillehay agreed , and said the process was not over .	pos_neg	10426
Even from a long way behind we gave up .	Even from a long way behind we did not give up .	pos_neg	10427
Forward-looking statements are guarantees of future performance .	Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance .	pos_neg	10428
It was a smart thing to do .	It was not a smart thing to do .	pos_neg	10429
The Senate Agriculture Committee has produced a farm bill .	The Senate Agriculture Committee has not produced a farm bill .	pos_neg	10430
Solitude is easy to come by .	Solitude is not easy to come by .	pos_neg	10431
" It was me , " he said .	" It was not me , " he said .	pos_neg	10432
Purging : The garage is a warehouse !	Purging : The garage is not a warehouse !	pos_neg	10433
I know if that makes sense .	I do not know if that makes sense .	pos_neg	10434
Today , how I played , I am satisfied .	Today , how I played , I am not satisfied .	pos_neg	10435
They have cable .	They do not have cable .	pos_neg	10436
It mattered what kind of body he had .	It did not matter what kind of body he had .	pos_neg	10437
I had a problem with this .	I did not have a problem with this .	pos_neg	10438
East Carolina got past the Virginia Tech 34-yard line after that .	East Carolina did not get past the Virginia Tech 34-yard line after that .	pos_neg	10439
But this is your ordinary kid .	But this is not your ordinary kid .	pos_neg	10440
Kidman is the heroine .	Kidman is not the heroine .	pos_neg	10441
I care what you 've got on my schedule .	I do not care what you 've got on my schedule .	pos_neg	10442
That is entirely clear .	That is not entirely clear .	pos_neg	10443
I have traveled quite so far for a disagreement .	I need not have traveled quite so far for a disagreement .	pos_neg	10444
The Chinese have had that kind of luck lately .	The Chinese have not had that kind of luck lately .	pos_neg	10445
The bouncer was named as a defendant in the lawsuit .	The bouncer was not named as a defendant in the lawsuit .	pos_neg	10446
" " But I am going back alone anytime soon .	" " But I am not going back alone anytime soon .	pos_neg	10447
Cold weather " Their stories make sense , " Shifman said .	Cold weather " Their stories do not make sense , " Shifman said .	pos_neg	10448
We were real surprised .	We were not real surprised .	pos_neg	10449
They are a lot of help , put it that way .	They are not a lot of help , put it that way .	pos_neg	10450
Huard had played since Week 11 .	Huard had not played since Week 11 .	pos_neg	10451
" We are looking to regulate betting , " Babcock said .	" We are not looking to regulate betting , " Babcock said .	pos_neg	10452
Anne Kreamer : I really decided to go gray .	Anne Kreamer : I really did not decide to go gray .	pos_neg	10453
He has started since Aug. 25 .	He has not started since Aug. 25 .	pos_neg	10454
Despite the concessions , Jim Ogonowski said he was completely satisfied .	Despite the concessions , Jim Ogonowski said he was not completely satisfied .	pos_neg	10455
" It is about individuals , " McClaren said .	" It is not about individuals , " McClaren said .	pos_neg	10456
But in the confrontation that he now faces , it is .	But in the confrontation that he now faces , it is not .	pos_neg	10457
" It should have been reported and was , " she said .	" It should have been reported and was not , " she said .	pos_neg	10458
We want to do that .	We do not want to do that .	pos_neg	10459
TRINIDAD is the Caribbean of white sand beaches and umbrella drinks .	TRINIDAD is not the Caribbean of white sand beaches and umbrella drinks .	pos_neg	10460
Bloomberg breaks out its TV division revenue .	Bloomberg does not break out its TV division revenue .	pos_neg	10461
The risks included here are exhaustive .	The risks included here are not exhaustive .	pos_neg	10462
I am a superwoman , and I have never been .	I am not a superwoman , and I have never been .	pos_neg	10463
Icahn returned phone calls Thursday .	Icahn did not return phone calls Thursday .	pos_neg	10464
That is pro-family .	That is not pro-family .	pos_neg	10465
It was supposed to be like this .	It was not supposed to be like this .	pos_neg	10466
The hostilities are in the open .	The hostilities are not in the open .	pos_neg	10467
The NFL is known for trade-deadline maneuvers .	The NFL is not known for trade-deadline maneuvers .	pos_neg	10468
You wanted to try to book this important vacation by yourself .	You did not want to try to book this important vacation by yourself .	pos_neg	10469
The Colts were the only ones hurting afterward .	The Colts were not the only ones hurting afterward .	pos_neg	10470
Their advice : wait to get out in the snow .	Their advice : do not wait to get out in the snow .	pos_neg	10471
The big accusation was that he was an earth scientist .	The big accusation was that he was not an earth scientist .	pos_neg	10472
I want to be a man .	I do not want to be a man .	pos_neg	10473
Musharraf is a dictator , and we accept him .	Musharraf is a dictator , and we do not accept him .	pos_neg	10474
Because that is a solution .	Because that is not a solution .	pos_neg	10475
But my speech tonight is about history .	But my speech tonight is not about history .	pos_neg	10476
But I think they were influenced by them .	But I do not think they were influenced by them .	pos_neg	10477
We know if Barry Bonds will go to prison .	We do not know if Barry Bonds will go to prison .	pos_neg	10478
BROWNBACK : We have that kind of money .	BROWNBACK : We do not have that kind of money .	pos_neg	10479
That seems to mean the absence of movement .	That does not seem to mean the absence of movement .	pos_neg	10480
The answer is entirely clear .	The answer is not entirely clear .	pos_neg	10481
Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign has responded to numerous requests for comments .	Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign has not responded to numerous requests for comments .	pos_neg	10482
Per-share figures were provided in Delta 's balance sheet Tuesday .	Per-share figures were not provided in Delta 's balance sheet Tuesday .	pos_neg	10483
" I do think it is entirely realistic , " he apologises .	" I do think it is not entirely realistic , " he apologises .	pos_neg	10484
A Writers Guild spokesman was available for comment .	A Writers Guild spokesman was not available for comment .	pos_neg	10485
He is alone in his mission .	He is not alone in his mission .	pos_neg	10486
Its employees are unionized .	Its employees are not unionized .	pos_neg	10487
I think I am a particularly good person .	I do not think I am a particularly good person .	pos_neg	10488
That is because I was exposed to heat .	That is because I was not exposed to heat .	pos_neg	10489
A message accompanying the photo claims Obama observed the pledge .	A message accompanying the photo claims Obama did not observe the pledge .	pos_neg	10490
One thing that I have done that has been for charity .	One thing that I have done that has not been for charity .	pos_neg	10491
When Mikel is playing , it shows in the team .	When Mikel is not playing , it shows in the team .	pos_neg	10492
He is Tim Tebow , physiological freak of football .	He is not Tim Tebow , physiological freak of football .	pos_neg	10493
Culture for care kids The results were pretty .	Culture for care kids The results were not pretty .	pos_neg	10494
She had done good work that day , herself .	She had not done good work that day , herself .	pos_neg	10495
It is good for kids .	It is not good for kids .	pos_neg	10496
It is clear how the hackers breached the DHS systems .	It is not clear how the hackers breached the DHS systems .	pos_neg	10497
Sticking his nose where it belonged .	Sticking his nose where it did not belong .	pos_neg	10498
Hope you guys mind if I do that while I talk .	Hope you guys do not mind if I do that while I talk .	pos_neg	10499
It is easy to play Serena and Venus .	It is not easy to play Serena and Venus .	pos_neg	10500
He wanted them to be forgotten .	He did not want them to be forgotten .	pos_neg	10501
Satellite TV existed .	Satellite TV did not exist .	pos_neg	10502
I know who is worse , the lawyers or the senator .	I do not know who is worse , the lawyers or the senator .	pos_neg	10503
, which returned a phone call seeking comment .	, which did not return a phone call seeking comment .	pos_neg	10504
I just cared .	I just did not care .	pos_neg	10505
It was granted .	It was not granted .	pos_neg	10506
New York has won it all since 2000 .	New York has not won it all since 2000 .	pos_neg	10507
The last years were pretty .	The last years were not pretty .	pos_neg	10508
But we are prepared to surrender this great nation to militants .	But we are not prepared to surrender this great nation to militants .	pos_neg	10509
It was always like this for Abe .	It was not always like this for Abe .	pos_neg	10510
And it is something which we will spell out specifically .	And it is not something which we will spell out specifically .	pos_neg	10511
This time , Thurmond formed a third party .	This time , Thurmond did not form a third party .	pos_neg	10512
We want to replace the solidarity principle by competition and egotism .	We do not want to replace the solidarity principle by competition and egotism .	pos_neg	10513
Textile workers But one beverage that counts is alcohol .	Textile workers But one beverage that does not count is alcohol .	pos_neg	10514
The risks included above are exhaustive .	The risks included above are not exhaustive .	pos_neg	10515
Other gums have been tested .	Other gums have not been tested .	pos_neg	10516
He started , but scored 15 points in 24 minutes .	He did not start , but scored 15 points in 24 minutes .	pos_neg	10517
MLEC is expected to start making acquisitions for two months , however .	MLEC is not expected to start making acquisitions for two months , however .	pos_neg	10518
It was immediately clear on what charges Sharif had been detained .	It was not immediately clear on what charges Sharif had been detained .	pos_neg	10519
He took care of himself .	He did not take care of himself .	pos_neg	10520
Brightening We are arguing indefinite detention and no limit .	Brightening We are not arguing indefinite detention and no limit .	pos_neg	10521
Any nomination that includes details of the nominee cannot be accepted .	Any nomination that does not include details of the nominee cannot be accepted .	pos_neg	10522
He had a piano in his house .	He did not have a piano in his house .	pos_neg	10523
It provided details .	It did not provide details .	pos_neg	10524
Mind you , the penalty certainly was 50-50 .	Mind you , the penalty certainly was not 50-50 .	pos_neg	10525
" I sweat over this , " Randolph said .	" I do not sweat over this , " Randolph said .	pos_neg	10526
Your coat goes over it properly .	Your coat does not go over it properly .	pos_neg	10527
No , I am a big advocate of instant replay .	No , I am not a big advocate of instant replay .	pos_neg	10528
They are this big .	They are not this big .	pos_neg	10529
It is uncommon for the Terrapins to break plays for long yardage .	It is not uncommon for the Terrapins to break plays for long yardage .	pos_neg	10530
" I have had my lunch , " he told the Queen .	" I have not had my lunch , " he told the Queen .	pos_neg	10531
It is known how the fire began .	It is not known how the fire began .	pos_neg	10532
The success of " Ratatouille " is particularly surprising .	The success of " Ratatouille " is not particularly surprising .	pos_neg	10533
We respect Scotland , but we are afraid .	We respect Scotland , but we are not afraid .	pos_neg	10534
Harvey returned telephone messages from The Associated Press seeking additional comment .	Harvey did not return telephone messages from The Associated Press seeking additional comment .	pos_neg	10535
We are miles and miles away .	We are not miles and miles away .	pos_neg	10536
I know what they could have done differently .	I do not know what they could have done differently .	pos_neg	10537
So far , though , consumers have cracked .	So far , though , consumers have not cracked .	pos_neg	10538
Rock was arrested and it is unknown if Lee will press charges .	Rock was not arrested and it is unknown if Lee will press charges .	pos_neg	10539
This is democracy .	This is not democracy .	pos_neg	10540
Michigan and Indiana were far behind .	Michigan and Indiana were not far behind .	pos_neg	10541
It is exactly A Midsummer Night 's Dream , in other words .	It is not exactly A Midsummer Night 's Dream , in other words .	pos_neg	10542
This is a child problem .	This is not a child problem .	pos_neg	10543
He believes the taxpayer should have to pay .	He does not believe the taxpayer should have to pay .	pos_neg	10544
I prepare differently .	I do not prepare differently .	pos_neg	10545
Police officers were amused by the comedy group 's stunt .	Police officers were not amused by the comedy group 's stunt .	pos_neg	10546
Tokyo is the country 's biggest trade partner .	Tokyo is not the country 's biggest trade partner .	pos_neg	10547
My assailant certainly was hiding now .	My assailant certainly was not hiding now .	pos_neg	10548
Drew was home , but his kids were .	Drew was not home , but his kids were .	pos_neg	10549
" I know , " Thomas said .	" I do not know , " Thomas said .	pos_neg	10550
That is the view that I want them to have .	That is not the view that I want them to have .	pos_neg	10551
Malaysian pride But that is quite right .	Malaysian pride But that is not quite right .	pos_neg	10552
About Zazzle It was known early Thursday whether Scott has a lawyer .	About Zazzle It was not known early Thursday whether Scott has a lawyer .	pos_neg	10553
Some of its other contributions were so durable .	Some of its other contributions were not so durable .	pos_neg	10554
" This says ' healthy .	" This does not say ' healthy .	pos_neg	10555
Well , obviously , they were thinking .	Well , obviously , they were not thinking .	pos_neg	10556
That is my American dream .	That is not my American dream .	pos_neg	10557
No , it is the next best thing in technology .	No , it is not the next best thing in technology .	pos_neg	10558
A phone message seeking comment from Froula was immediately returned Wednesday .	A phone message seeking comment from Froula was not immediately returned Wednesday .	pos_neg	10559
It was bad , but yesterday was very , very good .	It was not bad , but yesterday was very , very good .	pos_neg	10560
Parents , on the other hand , are being similarly accommodated .	Parents , on the other hand , are not being similarly accommodated .	pos_neg	10561
The commission 's proposal changes sentencing recommendations for powder cocaine .	The commission 's proposal does not change sentencing recommendations for powder cocaine .	pos_neg	10562
" He told him , " I want to go .	" He told him , " I do not want to go .	pos_neg	10563
He is going to hit every green .	He is not going to hit every green .	pos_neg	10564
People want to wait to be seen .	People do not want to wait to be seen .	pos_neg	10565
But it was supposed to this year .	But it was not supposed to this year .	pos_neg	10566
I know how to stop it .	I do not know how to stop it .	pos_neg	10567
We are child traffickers .	We are not child traffickers .	pos_neg	10568
Esterday added that she is faulting Clinton for being stiffed .	Esterday added that she is not faulting Clinton for being stiffed .	pos_neg	10569
" I am enough , " Martinez said .	" I am not enough , " Martinez said .	pos_neg	10570
It was immediately clear how Macon violated parole in 2003 and 2006 .	It was not immediately clear how Macon violated parole in 2003 and 2006 .	pos_neg	10571
" It is about Katrina , " he said .	" It is not about Katrina , " he said .	pos_neg	10572
They really care about the reputation of parliament .	They really do not care about the reputation of parliament .	pos_neg	10573
" You need me , " he wailed .	" You do not need me , " he wailed .	pos_neg	10574
You 're bogged down by what 's supposed to be .	You 're not bogged down by what 's supposed to be .	pos_neg	10575
But overdo it .	But do not overdo it .	pos_neg	10576
It was clear whether Chissano was aware he had won the award .	It was not clear whether Chissano was aware he had won the award .	pos_neg	10577
Well , worry , Helen .	Well , do not worry , Helen .	pos_neg	10578
I really envy those drivers .	I really do not envy those drivers .	pos_neg	10579
They are relative to everyday life .	They are not relative to everyday life .	pos_neg	10580
Sleuth 15 , 88mins But that means it went unnoticed .	Sleuth 15 , 88mins But that does not mean it went unnoticed .	pos_neg	10581
" It is by luck , " he said .	" It is not by luck , " he said .	pos_neg	10582
I am sure he has in the past .	I am not sure he has in the past .	pos_neg	10583
Receiver Roscoe Parrish said Everett had lost his sense of humor .	Receiver Roscoe Parrish said Everett had not lost his sense of humor .	pos_neg	10584
I know how Murray 's got this information .	I do not know how Murray 's got this information .	pos_neg	10585
We are doing that .	We are not doing that .	pos_neg	10586
The target audience is the world .	The target audience is not the world .	pos_neg	10587
The president never did , and Mrs. Clinton pressed the issue .	The president never did , and Mrs. Clinton did not press the issue .	pos_neg	10588
But all this is politics , and I am interested in it .	But all this is politics , and I am not interested in it .	pos_neg	10589
He says he minds , really , getting older .	He says he does not mind , really , getting older .	pos_neg	10590
That is where they are coming from , the producers say .	That is not where they are coming from , the producers say .	pos_neg	10591
I am sure all of them are such a great idea .	I am not sure all of them are such a great idea .	pos_neg	10592
The F.D.A. is required to follow this advice but usually does .	The F.D.A. is not required to follow this advice but usually does .	pos_neg	10593
Sorry - we are responsible for disappointment arising from recommendations .	Sorry - we are not responsible for disappointment arising from recommendations .	pos_neg	10594
MI5 has obtained patents on its logo , they applied for trademarks .	MI5 has not obtained patents on its logo , they applied for trademarks .	pos_neg	10595
She said when or where the theft occurred .	She did not say when or where the theft occurred .	pos_neg	10596
It has been easy .	It has not been easy .	pos_neg	10597
Messages left with Spears ' attorneys were immediately returned .	Messages left with Spears ' attorneys were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	10598
But those restrictions apparently apply to cable television .	But those restrictions apparently do not apply to cable television .	pos_neg	10599
Lead paint is the only problem in China .	Lead paint is not the only problem in China .	pos_neg	10600
But it was all hardship .	But it was not all hardship .	pos_neg	10601
Local residents were so positive .	Local residents were not so positive .	pos_neg	10602
Changing the channel is an option .	Changing the channel is not an option .	pos_neg	10603
I am competent to do it and the others are .	I am competent to do it and the others are not .	pos_neg	10604
Life just seems the same without him .	Life just does not seem the same without him .	pos_neg	10605
I want to be like that .	I do not want to be like that .	pos_neg	10606
I hold power .	I do not hold power .	pos_neg	10607
Germans had to dismantle their own industrial patrimony .	Germans did not have to dismantle their own industrial patrimony .	pos_neg	10608
" I want to get lung cancer , " she says .	" I do not want to get lung cancer , " she says .	pos_neg	10609
I kept crying , but they seemed to care .	I kept crying , but they did not seem to care .	pos_neg	10610
He said the group wants to alienate those core shoppers .	He said the group does not want to alienate those core shoppers .	pos_neg	10611
Grace was very famous then .	Grace was not very famous then .	pos_neg	10612
One thing we have is depth .	One thing we do not have is depth .	pos_neg	10613
The election started out ominously .	The election did not start out ominously .	pos_neg	10614
Certainly , Cronenberg 's cameras shy away from the bloodier moments .	Certainly , Cronenberg 's cameras do not shy away from the bloodier moments .	pos_neg	10615
The perpetrator , however , was human .	The perpetrator , however , was not human .	pos_neg	10616
She replied that she was .	She replied that she was not .	pos_neg	10617
It is as tough as it may sound .	It is not as tough as it may sound .	pos_neg	10618
We certainly condone it .	We certainly do not condone it .	pos_neg	10619
We are prophets of a future that is our own .	We are prophets of a future that is not our own .	pos_neg	10620
" The FDA foods were considered dangerous , " he said .	" The FDA foods were not considered dangerous , " he said .	pos_neg	10621
Santa Claus was waiting to greet us .	Santa Claus was not waiting to greet us .	pos_neg	10622
Democratic leaders waited for the formal remarks to render a judgment .	Democratic leaders did not wait for the formal remarks to render a judgment .	pos_neg	10623
But big cities have a lock on the style .	But big cities do not have a lock on the style .	pos_neg	10624
It is important to recall that childrearing is the same as parenting .	It is important to recall that childrearing is not the same as parenting .	pos_neg	10625
It was today , it will happen in the future .	It was not today , it will happen in the future .	pos_neg	10626
Suddenly , nice-guy Bradley sounds like such a terrible alternative .	Suddenly , nice-guy Bradley does not sound like such a terrible alternative .	pos_neg	10627
The ideas go away , so it might happen .	The ideas do not go away , so it might happen .	pos_neg	10628
Police were seeking one other suspect , whom they had identified .	Police were seeking one other suspect , whom they had not identified .	pos_neg	10629
But I am getting the support I need .	But I am not getting the support I need .	pos_neg	10630
He believed the gun was loaded .	He did not believe the gun was loaded .	pos_neg	10631
They care .	They do not care .	pos_neg	10632
Susana Reyes , a 40-year-old clothing store clerk , was sympathetic .	Susana Reyes , a 40-year-old clothing store clerk , was not sympathetic .	pos_neg	10633
That way , I forget to cash them in .	That way , I do not forget to cash them in .	pos_neg	10634
A phone call to her home was answered .	A phone call to her home was not answered .	pos_neg	10635
She is traveling from Ontario for some Broadway spectacle , however .	She is not traveling from Ontario for some Broadway spectacle , however .	pos_neg	10636
But I know it is me .	But I know it is not me .	pos_neg	10637
The rules , however , were .	The rules , however , were not .	pos_neg	10638
But Ms. Nosseck was too put out .	But Ms. Nosseck was not too put out .	pos_neg	10639
Officials with Berkshire Hathaway were immediately available for comment .	Officials with Berkshire Hathaway were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	10640
To all appearances , Saakashvili doubts his victory in the elections .	To all appearances , Saakashvili does not doubt his victory in the elections .	pos_neg	10641
" One study settles a question , " he cautioned .	" One study does not settle a question , " he cautioned .	pos_neg	10642
But that means he is without plenty of K Street helpers .	But that does not mean he is without plenty of K Street helpers .	pos_neg	10643
This crisis is coming ; it is here and now .	This crisis is not coming ; it is here and now .	pos_neg	10644
But this was just panic selling .	But this was not just panic selling .	pos_neg	10645
It seems to be delivering services that satisfy its consumers .	It does not seem to be delivering services that satisfy its consumers .	pos_neg	10646
" We are bait-and-switching , " he said .	" We are not bait-and-switching , " he said .	pos_neg	10647
I embellished or invent elements .	I did not embellish or invent elements .	pos_neg	10648
But negotiations so far on the terms of a visit are promising .	But negotiations so far on the terms of a visit are not promising .	pos_neg	10649
If you believe me , here is the website .	If you do not believe me , here is the website .	pos_neg	10650
You know what is going through your mind .	You do not know what is going through your mind .	pos_neg	10651
" I am scared , " he said .	" I am not scared , " he said .	pos_neg	10652
" It matters if these are downgraded , " he said .	" It does not matter if these are downgraded , " he said .	pos_neg	10653
The government enforces contracts signed under the threat of force .	The government does not enforce contracts signed under the threat of force .	pos_neg	10654
He is a demanding guy .	He is not a demanding guy .	pos_neg	10655
It was as easy as it sounds , though .	It was not as easy as it sounds , though .	pos_neg	10656
I was bored and felt challenged .	I was bored and did not feel challenged .	pos_neg	10657
And he ducked it .	And he did not duck it .	pos_neg	10658
But they detach from the band .	But they do not detach from the band .	pos_neg	10659
But Bush thought this idea up by himself .	But Bush did not think this idea up by himself .	pos_neg	10660
The company was a defendant in the case .	The company was not a defendant in the case .	pos_neg	10661
I have heard many players say it happened to them .	I have not heard many players say it happened to them .	pos_neg	10662
Business school often fits into these plans .	Business school often does not fit into these plans .	pos_neg	10663
The punters are daft .	The punters are not daft .	pos_neg	10664
That is what it is about .	That is not what it is about .	pos_neg	10665
The thought agrees with me , the fact that it happens .	The thought does not agree with me , the fact that it happens .	pos_neg	10666
I was hinting .	I was not hinting .	pos_neg	10667
Right now , we know how it is going to end .	Right now , we do not know how it is going to end .	pos_neg	10668
You put this stuff out there and you know what happens .	You put this stuff out there and you do not know what happens .	pos_neg	10669
At present , such fertility treatments are supported by the British government .	At present , such fertility treatments are not supported by the British government .	pos_neg	10670
Waske said who the manager was .	Waske did not say who the manager was .	pos_neg	10671
And they are done writing their hockey stories .	And they are not done writing their hockey stories .	pos_neg	10672
" " The note is strange .	" " The note is not strange .	pos_neg	10673
The money appropriated , $ 250,000 , had been enough .	The money appropriated , $ 250,000 , had not been enough .	pos_neg	10674
Either way , the group has released a proper album since 2000 .	Either way , the group has not released a proper album since 2000 .	pos_neg	10675
" " But you name a thing .	" " But you do not name a thing .	pos_neg	10676
We 'd proved it was a fluke .	We 'd proved it was not a fluke .	pos_neg	10677
Albert Vercelotti was so lucky .	Albert Vercelotti was not so lucky .	pos_neg	10678
We were totally surprised .	We were not totally surprised .	pos_neg	10679
" The veins have the same process , " Sorensen said .	" The veins do not have the same process , " Sorensen said .	pos_neg	10680
Yesterday it emerged that GLG had needed to reveal its activities .	Yesterday it emerged that GLG had not needed to reveal its activities .	pos_neg	10681
There is enough period flavor to distinguish the 1940s from the 1970s .	There is not enough period flavor to distinguish the 1940s from the 1970s .	pos_neg	10682
That is good for the Falcons .	That is not good for the Falcons .	pos_neg	10683
Maybe that is the point but that makes it entertaining .	Maybe that is the point but that does not make it entertaining .	pos_neg	10684
" " If you are generous something 's the matter with you .	" " If you are not generous something 's the matter with you .	pos_neg	10685
I think he will call an election .	I do not think he will call an election .	pos_neg	10686
It suggests catching the train instead .	It does not suggest catching the train instead .	pos_neg	10687
They consulted or cooperate with the Republicans on the committee .	They did not consult or cooperate with the Republicans on the committee .	pos_neg	10688
Relations with Iran , however , have always been smooth .	Relations with Iran , however , have not always been smooth .	pos_neg	10689
I am going out that way !	I am NOT going out that way !	pos_neg	10690
" We have permanent enemies , " she said .	" We do not have permanent enemies , " she said .	pos_neg	10691
" " Hopefully we have the Dwyane Wade watch and countdown .	" " Hopefully we do not have the Dwyane Wade watch and countdown .	pos_neg	10692
Other shops on this stretch of 14th Street have fared as well .	Other shops on this stretch of 14th Street have not fared as well .	pos_neg	10693
He looked at the gasping Iraqi woman or speak to her .	He did not look at the gasping Iraqi woman or speak to her .	pos_neg	10694
That is a bluff .	That is not a bluff .	pos_neg	10695
He had sought to appeal the death sentence .	He had not sought to appeal the death sentence .	pos_neg	10696
If the organizers speak up , someone else can and should .	If the organizers do not speak up , someone else can and should .	pos_neg	10697
Anbar is the only source of contention .	Anbar is not the only source of contention .	pos_neg	10698
Procrastination technique : I have one .	Procrastination technique : I do not have one .	pos_neg	10699
But after watching the movie I realized that it is really true .	But after watching the movie I realized that it is not really true .	pos_neg	10700
Additional information is currently available for this error .	Additional information is not currently available for this error .	pos_neg	10701
But Waller gave up .	But Waller did not give up .	pos_neg	10702
He turned on people .	He did not turn on people .	pos_neg	10703
But this is the time to make changes .	But this is not the time to make changes .	pos_neg	10704
Catholic Archbishop Alfred Hughes of New Orleans attended .	Catholic Archbishop Alfred Hughes of New Orleans did not attend .	pos_neg	10705
" It is benign , " he said .	" It is not benign , " he said .	pos_neg	10706
He has regained consciousness .	He has not regained consciousness .	pos_neg	10707
The molecules are detected in the liver of healthy people .	The molecules are not detected in the liver of healthy people .	pos_neg	10708
Wall safe I really was too worried about that .	Wall safe I really was not too worried about that .	pos_neg	10709
You can tell the difference when he is out there .	You can tell the difference when he is not out there .	pos_neg	10710
The name of the victim was released .	The name of the victim was not released .	pos_neg	10711
The fact is , either the baby is killed or it is .	The fact is , either the baby is killed or it is not .	pos_neg	10712
Their galleries are involved .	Their galleries are not involved .	pos_neg	10713
He knew what hit him .	He did not know what hit him .	pos_neg	10714
She is alone in confronting her weaknesses this week .	She is not alone in confronting her weaknesses this week .	pos_neg	10715
The officials want to scold too soon or too often .	The officials do not want to scold too soon or too often .	pos_neg	10716
I would like to be just a public figure but an individual .	I would like to be not just a public figure but an individual .	pos_neg	10717
Investors seem to care .	Investors do not seem to care .	pos_neg	10718
We have that supporting cast that everyone remembers from last year .	We do not have that supporting cast that everyone remembers from last year .	pos_neg	10719
A Turkish minister said military intervention in Iraq was likely right away .	A Turkish minister said military intervention in Iraq was not likely right away .	pos_neg	10720
However , the Upper House and its appointments have been without controversy .	However , the Upper House and its appointments have not been without controversy .	pos_neg	10721
How that was caused I know .	How that was caused I do not know .	pos_neg	10722
That means there are no buyers , Piazza said .	That does not mean there are no buyers , Piazza said .	pos_neg	10723
That is working !	That is not working !	pos_neg	10724
These transactions are reflected in this table .	These transactions are not reflected in this table .	pos_neg	10725
But that is what I agreed to pay .	But that is not what I agreed to pay .	pos_neg	10726
I certainly like fish and chips .	I certainly do not like fish and chips .	pos_neg	10727
Bartlett said he was conveying Bush 's opinions .	Bartlett said he was not conveying Bush 's opinions .	pos_neg	10728
I wish Congress was so risk-averse on the issue .	I wish Congress was not so risk-averse on the issue .	pos_neg	10729
It was only undrinkable ; it was untouchable .	It was not only undrinkable ; it was untouchable .	pos_neg	10730
Beato and Pearson said they recall giving that advice .	Beato and Pearson said they do not recall giving that advice .	pos_neg	10731
Yet the market is so different now than 20 years ago .	Yet the market is not so different now than 20 years ago .	pos_neg	10732
" " This is something which I will disobey .	" " This is not something which I will disobey .	pos_neg	10733
However , it is clear whether the two soldiers are still alive .	However , it is not clear whether the two soldiers are still alive .	pos_neg	10734
It was clear whether she spoke before or after Putin 's announcement .	It was not clear whether she spoke before or after Putin 's announcement .	pos_neg	10735
The Spallinos said they minded the wait .	The Spallinos said they did not mind the wait .	pos_neg	10736
And no , I mean a gift certificate to BALCO .	And no , I do not mean a gift certificate to BALCO .	pos_neg	10737
I am sure that happens to the same extent in America .	I am not sure that happens to the same extent in America .	pos_neg	10738
Croatia 's harvest is quite as bad as Italy 's .	Croatia 's harvest is not quite as bad as Italy 's .	pos_neg	10739
Something sounds right .	Something does not sound right .	pos_neg	10740
He speaks Polish .	He does not speak Polish .	pos_neg	10741
To be frank , Brad is the most successful of people .	To be frank , Brad is not the most successful of people .	pos_neg	10742
Prices are rising as fast as they were .	Prices are not rising as fast as they were .	pos_neg	10743
A call to that office was returned Sunday .	A call to that office was not returned Sunday .	pos_neg	10744
The students flinched .	The students did not flinch .	pos_neg	10745
We have as many bicycle lanes as we need .	We do not have as many bicycle lanes as we need .	pos_neg	10746
We told him what he had done was a good thing .	We told him what he had done was not a good thing .	pos_neg	10747
Global warming is a good thing for us .	Global warming is not a good thing for us .	pos_neg	10748
, said the accelerated departure bothers him or his family .	, said the accelerated departure does not bother him or his family .	pos_neg	10749
Funny how the novelty seems to wear off .	Funny how the novelty does not seem to wear off .	pos_neg	10750
This is Superbad ; it is just super bad .	This is not Superbad ; it is just super bad .	pos_neg	10751
Chris Young ( 9-7 ) has won since July 19 against Philadelphia .	Chris Young ( 9-7 ) has not won since July 19 against Philadelphia .	pos_neg	10752
He was astonished there were more .	He was astonished there were not more .	pos_neg	10753
The name of Gerhard 's attorney was immediately available .	The name of Gerhard 's attorney was not immediately available .	pos_neg	10754
There are many practical reasons why global warming is man-made .	There are many practical reasons why global warming is not man-made .	pos_neg	10755
They have been replaced since the bridge was opened 43 years ago .	They have not been replaced since the bridge was opened 43 years ago .	pos_neg	10756
TYSON : Oh I really think that that is fair .	TYSON : Oh I really do not think that that is fair .	pos_neg	10757
" " It is .	" " It is not .	pos_neg	10758
He had X-rays and was expected to return .	He had X-rays and was not expected to return .	pos_neg	10759
The comment was intended for broadcast .	The comment was not intended for broadcast .	pos_neg	10760
That reflects that he realised the weather was suitable for landing .	That reflects that he realised the weather was not suitable for landing .	pos_neg	10761
They needed better arguments ; they just needed new justices .	They did not need better arguments ; they just needed new justices .	pos_neg	10762
I want to go to tour school .	I do not want to go to tour school .	pos_neg	10763
Fish consumption recovered for centuries .	Fish consumption did not recover for centuries .	pos_neg	10764
But confuse calories with nutrition .	But do not confuse calories with nutrition .	pos_neg	10765
The Queen hesitated , because to tell the truth she was sure .	The Queen hesitated , because to tell the truth she was not sure .	pos_neg	10766
It was clear what the nurse 's motive was .	It was not clear what the nurse 's motive was .	pos_neg	10767
She knew whether the bag was rigged to detonate .	She did not know whether the bag was rigged to detonate .	pos_neg	10768
Falconer said what kind of delay might be expected .	Falconer did not say what kind of delay might be expected .	pos_neg	10769
Adoption of these standards impacted January 1 , 2007 opening balances .	Adoption of these standards did not impact January 1 , 2007 opening balances .	pos_neg	10770
And no , it was all about the celebrities .	And no , it was not all about the celebrities .	pos_neg	10771
We are going to deal in hypotheticals .	We are not going to deal in hypotheticals .	pos_neg	10772
Turkey Raises Heat on Iraq It is always a pretty picture .	Turkey Raises Heat on Iraq It is not always a pretty picture .	pos_neg	10773
He knew when findings would be released .	He did not know when findings would be released .	pos_neg	10774
Chic , however , is rock .	Chic , however , is not rock .	pos_neg	10775
The military has released the names or nationalities of the wounded .	The military has not released the names or nationalities of the wounded .	pos_neg	10776
We had the footprints .	We did not have the footprints .	pos_neg	10777
Though this tragic event was the worst in the circuit is history .	Though this tragic event was not the worst in the circuit is history .	pos_neg	10778
" I am tired , " Basweti said .	" I am not tired , " Basweti said .	pos_neg	10779
Experts in the field say this is without some risk .	Experts in the field say this is not without some risk .	pos_neg	10780
It gave details on his new position .	It did not give details on his new position .	pos_neg	10781
July 27 , 2007 - It was supposed to be this way .	July 27 , 2007 - It was not supposed to be this way .	pos_neg	10782
I think Turkey wants to get involved militarily in Iraq .	I do not think Turkey wants to get involved militarily in Iraq .	pos_neg	10783
The Russians are ready to launch a satellite .	The Russians are not ready to launch a satellite .	pos_neg	10784
I hope that she wastes it and herself .	I hope that she does not waste it and herself .	pos_neg	10785
The first half was nearly as exciting .	The first half was not nearly as exciting .	pos_neg	10786
Folks there made excuses .	Folks there did not make excuses .	pos_neg	10787
Trade is valuable because it creates jobs .	Trade is not valuable because it creates jobs .	pos_neg	10788
She knew till yesterday that she would be playing .	She did not know till yesterday that she would be playing .	pos_neg	10789
I am expecting that to happen .	I am not expecting that to happen .	pos_neg	10790
I decided that I was going to fall into despair .	I decided that I was not going to fall into despair .	pos_neg	10791
But Pennsylvania is alone in creating innovative approaches to covering more children .	But Pennsylvania is not alone in creating innovative approaches to covering more children .	pos_neg	10792
The issue is about targets or no targets .	The issue is not about targets or no targets .	pos_neg	10793
At least it is La Scala .	At least it is not La Scala .	pos_neg	10794
Ghana It charges the buildings yearly fees .	Ghana It does not charge the buildings yearly fees .	pos_neg	10795
How people put themselves back together , I know .	How people put themselves back together , I do not know .	pos_neg	10796
But greening Beijing has meant slowing it down .	But greening Beijing has not meant slowing it down .	pos_neg	10797
Of course , Oahu is the only island with tasty surf spots .	Of course , Oahu is not the only island with tasty surf spots .	pos_neg	10798
It is specific to Chad .	It is not specific to Chad .	pos_neg	10799
These are the games that you are supposed to win .	These are the games that you are not supposed to win .	pos_neg	10800
Mr. Cudmore said the company believes that it is .	Mr. Cudmore said the company does not believe that it is .	pos_neg	10801
Her story is unique .	Her story is not unique .	pos_neg	10802
Three of them were with the team in training camp .	Three of them were not with the team in training camp .	pos_neg	10803
The forward is expected to return and has been suspended .	The forward is not expected to return and has been suspended .	pos_neg	10804
Kissinger 's talking about partition .	Kissinger 's not talking about partition .	pos_neg	10805
We and the police have that amount of money .	We and the police do not have that amount of money .	pos_neg	10806
But Gyurcsnay dismissed this , saying silence was effective against extremism .	But Gyurcsnay dismissed this , saying silence was not effective against extremism .	pos_neg	10807
Mr. Templeton said he threatened Mr. Higazy .	Mr. Templeton said he did not threaten Mr. Higazy .	pos_neg	10808
It is unclear why Gotbaum was allowed to board the plane .	It is unclear why Gotbaum was not allowed to board the plane .	pos_neg	10809
It mattered whether it was us or the Russians .	It did not matter whether it was us or the Russians .	pos_neg	10810
I am the man I was .	I am not the man I was .	pos_neg	10811
He is alone in taking that view .	He is not alone in taking that view .	pos_neg	10812
I fault them .	I do not fault them .	pos_neg	10813
Radio One representatives returned calls for comment .	Radio One representatives did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	10814
I viewed it as racial .	I did not view it as racial .	pos_neg	10815
( 26 ) It is an ethnic slur .	( 26 ) It is not an ethnic slur .	pos_neg	10816
Kyle MacDonald , it turns out , is an entirely observant slacker .	Kyle MacDonald , it turns out , is not an entirely observant slacker .	pos_neg	10817
Too bad it is better .	Too bad it is not better .	pos_neg	10818
Thai government officials were available for comment .	Thai government officials were not available for comment .	pos_neg	10819
Bayer Advanced will refund your purchase price if you are completely satisfied .	Bayer Advanced will refund your purchase price if you are not completely satisfied .	pos_neg	10820
A phone message left at Hackett 's office was immediately returned Thursday .	A phone message left at Hackett 's office was not immediately returned Thursday .	pos_neg	10821
To be sure , this is entirely an apples-to-apples comparison .	To be sure , this is not entirely an apples-to-apples comparison .	pos_neg	10822
Wolfowitz returned a call or e-mails yesterday .	Wolfowitz did not return a call or e-mails yesterday .	pos_neg	10823
Montreal vs Atlanta , 7 p.m. The process is cheap , however .	Montreal vs Atlanta , 7 p.m. The process is not cheap , however .	pos_neg	10824
So far , these films have been box office successes .	So far , these films have not been box office successes .	pos_neg	10825
It expects a short-term turnound .	It does not expect a short-term turnound .	pos_neg	10826
But it was landing .	But it was not landing .	pos_neg	10827
He and Mr. Bush see eye to eye on climate change .	He and Mr. Bush do not see eye to eye on climate change .	pos_neg	10828
Mr. Liu expressed concern that all financing was already in place .	Mr. Liu expressed concern that all financing was not already in place .	pos_neg	10829
I agree with sanctions on Myanmar .	I do not agree with sanctions on Myanmar .	pos_neg	10830
I get concerned with what other clubs are doing .	I do not get concerned with what other clubs are doing .	pos_neg	10831
Some researchers say the cells left available are useful for current work .	Some researchers say the cells left available are not useful for current work .	pos_neg	10832
We panicked at times when we needed to .	We panicked at times when we did not need to .	pos_neg	10833
Learning new tricks is the only way to thrive .	Learning new tricks is not the only way to thrive .	pos_neg	10834
She said nothing .	She did not say nothing .	pos_neg	10835
Attempts to reach the Environmental Protection Agency and other plaintiffs were successful .	Attempts to reach the Environmental Protection Agency and other plaintiffs were not successful .	pos_neg	10836
He introduced himself .	He did not introduce himself .	pos_neg	10837
Someone 's work is important ; someone 's ticks are .	Someone 's work is not important ; someone 's ticks are .	pos_neg	10838
Technological tricks are being abandoned .	Technological tricks are not being abandoned .	pos_neg	10839
I thought about filibustering that bill , and I did it .	I thought about filibustering that bill , and I did not do it .	pos_neg	10840
Monahan returned telephone calls seeking comment Wednesday .	Monahan did not return telephone calls seeking comment Wednesday .	pos_neg	10841
It is hooked up to the wheels .	It is not hooked up to the wheels .	pos_neg	10842
A call to Strahan 's agent , Tony Agnone , was returned .	A call to Strahan 's agent , Tony Agnone , was not returned .	pos_neg	10843
When the lobster comes , Mom picks up her fork .	When the lobster comes , Mom does not pick up her fork .	pos_neg	10844
Luke Walton said he has had a problem .	Luke Walton said he has not had a problem .	pos_neg	10845
Lawmakers have questioned why Rice has anticipated potential problems .	Lawmakers have questioned why Rice has not anticipated potential problems .	pos_neg	10846
Ernst & Young was named in that case .	Ernst & Young was not named in that case .	pos_neg	10847
, who want a watered-down debate .	, who do not want a watered-down debate .	pos_neg	10848
It is understood police believe the attack was sectarian .	It is understood police do not believe the attack was sectarian .	pos_neg	10849
But the war is , for Democrats , just an ethical issue .	But the war is not , for Democrats , just an ethical issue .	pos_neg	10850
Shaw contested the throw but focused on stopping the Wallabies .	Shaw did not contest the throw but focused on stopping the Wallabies .	pos_neg	10851
It said that it had to be true .	It did not say that it had to be true .	pos_neg	10852
I have 120 bodyguards but I know that is enough .	I have 120 bodyguards but I know that is not enough .	pos_neg	10853
But more means happier .	But more does not mean happier .	pos_neg	10854
The friends waited for police to arrive .	The friends did not wait for police to arrive .	pos_neg	10855
The Finance Ministry was immediately available for comment .	The Finance Ministry was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	10856
Karzai 's security adviser Mohammed Qasim Fahim said the president was harmed .	Karzai 's security adviser Mohammed Qasim Fahim said the president was not harmed .	pos_neg	10857
That is how they seemed to Devon Sherwood .	That is not how they seemed to Devon Sherwood .	pos_neg	10858
It is easy to play in Russia .	It is not easy to play in Russia .	pos_neg	10859
But illegal immigrants are allowed to enlist .	But illegal immigrants are not allowed to enlist .	pos_neg	10860
Wright said he thought twice about stopping to help .	Wright said he did not think twice about stopping to help .	pos_neg	10861
But I want to take too many risks .	But I do not want to take too many risks .	pos_neg	10862
Representatives from Xerox were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Xerox were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	10863
Accidents do occur ; it is ballet , as they say .	Accidents do occur ; it is not ballet , as they say .	pos_neg	10864
As a consumer , I am real estate savvy or mortgage savvy .	As a consumer , I am not real estate savvy or mortgage savvy .	pos_neg	10865
S.J.M. officials returned calls for comment .	S.J.M. officials did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	10866
And his case was the first here .	And his case was not the first here .	pos_neg	10867
And we were .	And we were not .	pos_neg	10868
But family discipline mitigates the need for laws , he said .	But family discipline does not mitigate the need for laws , he said .	pos_neg	10869
And miss the Li Family Restaurant in the Hutong area .	And do not miss the Li Family Restaurant in the Hutong area .	pos_neg	10870
A message left at Levy 's home was returned .	A message left at Levy 's home was not returned .	pos_neg	10871
Other people understand how difficult it is for these children .	Other people do not understand how difficult it is for these children .	pos_neg	10872
I have words .	I do not have words .	pos_neg	10873
Mr. Yamagata or his legal representative appeared in court last month .	Mr. Yamagata or his legal representative did not appear in court last month .	pos_neg	10874
Customers are happier if they see their rates skyrocket .	Customers are happier if they do not see their rates skyrocket .	pos_neg	10875
He has had a drink since .	He has not had a drink since .	pos_neg	10876
This is the first time Bush has rescued the Clintons .	This is not the first time Bush has rescued the Clintons .	pos_neg	10877
The person knows why they have this feeling .	The person does not know why they have this feeling .	pos_neg	10878
Team Running provides the financial support that the Hansons do .	Team Running does not provide the financial support that the Hansons do .	pos_neg	10879
Some of his teammates did these basic things .	Some of his teammates did not do these basic things .	pos_neg	10880
And it is just governments that are speaking out .	And it is not just governments that are speaking out .	pos_neg	10881
The notion of child witches is new here .	The notion of child witches is not new here .	pos_neg	10882
Italy 's anti-trust agency is completely satisfied .	Italy 's anti-trust agency is not completely satisfied .	pos_neg	10883
It is whether you get there .	It is not whether you get there .	pos_neg	10884
' " It is the right way to go .	' " It is not the right way to go .	pos_neg	10885
That fazed Bryant .	That did not faze Bryant .	pos_neg	10886
I know I am going to make it to 18 .	I know I am not going to make it to 18 .	pos_neg	10887
He thought so .	He did not think so .	pos_neg	10888
There were just jeans in this collection .	There were not just jeans in this collection .	pos_neg	10889
Banks want to tie up their capital for 30 years .	Banks do not want to tie up their capital for 30 years .	pos_neg	10890
It was clear when the CBS interview was conducted .	It was not clear when the CBS interview was conducted .	pos_neg	10891
The police have said time and time again we are suspects .	The police have said time and time again we are not suspects .	pos_neg	10892
The statement mentioned Craig 's arrest .	The statement did not mention Craig 's arrest .	pos_neg	10893
The Bush administration has generally maintained that water-boarding is torture .	The Bush administration has generally maintained that water-boarding is not torture .	pos_neg	10894
Kitover is the only one who thinks so .	Kitover is not the only one who thinks so .	pos_neg	10895
The fund so far has paid out an autism claim .	The fund so far has not paid out an autism claim .	pos_neg	10896
I own the team .	I do not own the team .	pos_neg	10897
Thank God , Russia is Iraq .	Thank God , Russia is not Iraq .	pos_neg	10898
It is that they are black .	It is not that they are black .	pos_neg	10899
Researchers found a connection between the AIDS drugs and excess weight .	Researchers did not find a connection between the AIDS drugs and excess weight .	pos_neg	10900
What he had was health insurance .	What he did not have was health insurance .	pos_neg	10901
What it means : It has been tested for all allergies .	What it does not mean : It has been tested for all allergies .	pos_neg	10902
It said whether the quake or wave caused the damage .	It did not say whether the quake or wave caused the damage .	pos_neg	10903
IT was supposed to matter to Brooklyn .	IT was not supposed to matter to Brooklyn .	pos_neg	10904
Political pluses and minues are one of the things to worry about .	Political pluses and minues are not one of the things to worry about .	pos_neg	10905
EERILY silent begins to describe it .	EERILY silent does not begin to describe it .	pos_neg	10906
We were harboring fears we needed to harbor .	We were harboring fears we did not need to harbor .	pos_neg	10907
Yet it was as easy as the final score indicated .	Yet it was not as easy as the final score indicated .	pos_neg	10908
If you did this , have me work for you .	If you did this , do not have me work for you .	pos_neg	10909
" It was a vacation , " she said .	" It was not a vacation , " she said .	pos_neg	10910
By the way , I am Episcopalian .	By the way , I am not Episcopalian .	pos_neg	10911
The cause of the leak was immediately known .	The cause of the leak was not immediately known .	pos_neg	10912
Goldberg asked his friend for a penny .	Goldberg did not ask his friend for a penny .	pos_neg	10913
Maybe that is fair , but low expectations are hard to shake .	Maybe that is not fair , but low expectations are hard to shake .	pos_neg	10914
Christy Winans responded to telephone messages seeking comment Friday .	Christy Winans did not respond to telephone messages seeking comment Friday .	pos_neg	10915
The people making them understand the agents ' world .	The people making them do not understand the agents ' world .	pos_neg	10916
The Loudoun Community Free Clinic in Leesburg offered prenatal services .	The Loudoun Community Free Clinic in Leesburg did not offer prenatal services .	pos_neg	10917
Officials disclosed contract details .	Officials did not disclose contract details .	pos_neg	10918
He has made it into the canon .	He has not made it into the canon .	pos_neg	10919
" It is that he was found innocent , " Kim said .	" It is not that he was found innocent , " Kim said .	pos_neg	10920
But tell that to his mother .	But do not tell that to his mother .	pos_neg	10921
Call these explorers spelunkers .	Do not call these explorers spelunkers .	pos_neg	10922
" Food aid is a problem , " he said .	" Food aid is not a problem , " he said .	pos_neg	10923
He was able to give figures for their casualties .	He was not able to give figures for their casualties .	pos_neg	10924
Many say he has produced enough change in this distressed city .	Many say he has not produced enough change in this distressed city .	pos_neg	10925
" We see a conflict of interest , " she said .	" We do not see a conflict of interest , " she said .	pos_neg	10926
I get to play basketball .	I do not get to play basketball .	pos_neg	10927
It was easy to explain quickly what is remarkable about her .	It was not easy to explain quickly what is remarkable about her .	pos_neg	10928
They thought it was safe for me to wear it .	They thought it was not safe for me to wear it .	pos_neg	10929
I am talking about business gifts .	I am not talking about business gifts .	pos_neg	10930
Rescuers were able to resuscitate her .	Rescuers were not able to resuscitate her .	pos_neg	10931
The cause of the fire was thought to be suspicious .	The cause of the fire was not thought to be suspicious .	pos_neg	10932
It is so frustrating because brain tumors metastasize like other tumors .	It is so frustrating because brain tumors do not metastasize like other tumors .	pos_neg	10933
The VA mileage rate has changed since 1977 .	The VA mileage rate has not changed since 1977 .	pos_neg	10934
This is to do with freedom of speech .	This is not to do with freedom of speech .	pos_neg	10935
It is that Arabs have substantially different views of democracy .	It is not that Arabs have substantially different views of democracy .	pos_neg	10936
Devlin apologized .	Devlin did not apologize .	pos_neg	10937
Al Qaeda hesitated to assert itself .	Al Qaeda did not hesitate to assert itself .	pos_neg	10938
" We have gotten a substantive response , " he said .	" We have not gotten a substantive response , " he said .	pos_neg	10939
Later , he said Taser use was necessary .	Later , he said Taser use was not necessary .	pos_neg	10940
Bonds was invited to testify .	Bonds was not invited to testify .	pos_neg	10941
It was immediately known if they were among the 32 .	It was not immediately known if they were among the 32 .	pos_neg	10942
The report indicates where police located and seized the memorabilia .	The report does not indicate where police located and seized the memorabilia .	pos_neg	10943
But it is clear who broke things off in this instance .	But it is not clear who broke things off in this instance .	pos_neg	10944
But these lyrical parts add up to an emotionally coherent whole .	But these lyrical parts do not add up to an emotionally coherent whole .	pos_neg	10945
That is the biblical standard for a living wage .	That is not the biblical standard for a living wage .	pos_neg	10946
The pain stopped there .	The pain did not stop there .	pos_neg	10947
They know it is true .	They know it is not true .	pos_neg	10948
Other athletes say the 12- to 14-hour battery life is long enough .	Other athletes say the 12- to 14-hour battery life is not long enough .	pos_neg	10949
But now , I have enough money to return .	But now , I do not have enough money to return .	pos_neg	10950
Religion ¬ is the overriding motive .	Religion ¬ is not the overriding motive .	pos_neg	10951
Unfortunately , those laws apply to text messaging .	Unfortunately , those laws do not apply to text messaging .	pos_neg	10952
Really , the answers mattered .	Really , the answers did not matter .	pos_neg	10953
We need threats .	We do not need threats .	pos_neg	10954
I did the interview 30 minutes after the game .	I did not do the interview 30 minutes after the game .	pos_neg	10955
I know why I am surprised .	I do not know why I am surprised .	pos_neg	10956
It was clear how Syria 's new visa program would work .	It was not clear how Syria 's new visa program would work .	pos_neg	10957
This is the summer 's first political sex scandal .	This is not the summer 's first political sex scandal .	pos_neg	10958
Walker , however , was at the team 's complex yesterday .	Walker , however , was not at the team 's complex yesterday .	pos_neg	10959
But that is what happens .	But that is not what happens .	pos_neg	10960
Baker is fazed by such comparisons .	Baker is not fazed by such comparisons .	pos_neg	10961
But Hendrick looked outside his existing partners .	But Hendrick did not look outside his existing partners .	pos_neg	10962
This story was new .	This story was not new .	pos_neg	10963
Virginal Tech has its own insurance .	Virginal Tech does not have its own insurance .	pos_neg	10964
He flirts , but he is a dirty old man .	He flirts , but he is not a dirty old man .	pos_neg	10965
I buy it , but it could be made .	I do not buy it , but it could be made .	pos_neg	10966
He was happy !	He was not happy !	pos_neg	10967
But Bastrykin said this had been confirmed .	But Bastrykin said this had not been confirmed .	pos_neg	10968
He wanted to talk football .	He did not want to talk football .	pos_neg	10969
You are working on instinct , you have got time to think .	You are working on instinct , you have not got time to think .	pos_neg	10970
" It is about me , " Phillips said .	" It is not about me , " Phillips said .	pos_neg	10971
Whether they belonged to McClinton , Alexander or someone else is clear .	Whether they belonged to McClinton , Alexander or someone else is not clear .	pos_neg	10972
The news was encouraging as the holiday season fast approaches .	The news was not encouraging as the holiday season fast approaches .	pos_neg	10973
He told them he was going to need it .	He told them he was not going to need it .	pos_neg	10974
I know what to call you !	I do not know what to call you !	pos_neg	10975
They returned for the recent memorial dedication on the Drillfield .	They did not return for the recent memorial dedication on the Drillfield .	pos_neg	10976
He struck out three and walked a batter .	He struck out three and did not walk a batter .	pos_neg	10977
He denied it will be tough .	He did not deny it will be tough .	pos_neg	10978
But even he is predicting when it might end .	But even he is not predicting when it might end .	pos_neg	10979
Sowers had to look far .	Sowers did not have to look far .	pos_neg	10980
We just know at the moment .	We just do not know at the moment .	pos_neg	10981
" " I think of myself as being heroic .	" " I do not think of myself as being heroic .	pos_neg	10982
Representatives from Honeywell were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Honeywell were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	10983
They have held an executive office in their lives .	They have not held an executive office in their lives .	pos_neg	10984
Bush 's dig at Democrats told the whole story .	Bush 's dig at Democrats did not tell the whole story .	pos_neg	10985
We are the old-time Broad Street Bullies .	We are not the old-time Broad Street Bullies .	pos_neg	10986
But Keller said the battle is over .	But Keller said the battle is not over .	pos_neg	10987
Remember , these volunteers showed up on some lazy Saturday morning .	Remember , these volunteers did not show up on some lazy Saturday morning .	pos_neg	10988
But it has .	But it has not .	pos_neg	10989
He disappointed Friday .	He did not disappoint Friday .	pos_neg	10990
When Adm. John Poindexter and I testified , we were in command .	When Adm. John Poindexter and I testified , we were not in command .	pos_neg	10991
He clearly cared to address those topics .	He clearly did not care to address those topics .	pos_neg	10992
HOME DEPOT sold organic roses this past Mother 's Day .	HOME DEPOT did not sell organic roses this past Mother 's Day .	pos_neg	10993
It is part of my job description .	It is not part of my job description .	pos_neg	10994
The bomb exploded in time .	The bomb did not explode in time .	pos_neg	10995
Len is like that .	Len is not like that .	pos_neg	10996
The language is easy and I thought he did a good job .	The language is not easy and I thought he did a good job .	pos_neg	10997
I ask .	I do not ask .	pos_neg	10998
India said that was its concern .	India said that was not its concern .	pos_neg	10999
So I know where they find the time today .	So I do not know where they find the time today .	pos_neg	11000
However , it is known whether the Explorer was carrying these .	However , it is not known whether the Explorer was carrying these .	pos_neg	11001
But this is simply about numbers on the payroll .	But this is not simply about numbers on the payroll .	pos_neg	11002
But he was dictatorial or oppressive .	But he was not dictatorial or oppressive .	pos_neg	11003
" I do race , " he said .	" I do not do race , " he said .	pos_neg	11004
In case you knew .	In case you did not know .	pos_neg	11005
The commission provided figures for prior years .	The commission did not provide figures for prior years .	pos_neg	11006
The helmet is shown to do what they say it does .	The helmet is not shown to do what they say it does .	pos_neg	11007
The fight is just about the Bible and homosexuality .	The fight is not just about the Bible and homosexuality .	pos_neg	11008
It was immediately clear when the six others would be arraigned .	It was not immediately clear when the six others would be arraigned .	pos_neg	11009
Piros was harmed .	Piros was not harmed .	pos_neg	11010
The tea leaves are difficult to read .	The tea leaves are not difficult to read .	pos_neg	11011
Even King Herod , killed off his own first born son .	Even King Herod , did not kill off his own first born son .	pos_neg	11012
Obesity was the problem it is now .	Obesity was not the problem it is now .	pos_neg	11013
That is was very nice .	That is was not very nice .	pos_neg	11014
She repeatedly emphasises that she is running as a female candidate .	She repeatedly emphasises that she is not running as a female candidate .	pos_neg	11015
" I really care , " he said .	" I really do not care , " he said .	pos_neg	11016
I talk to media .	I do not talk to media .	pos_neg	11017
I worried ; I just let go .	I did not worry ; I just let go .	pos_neg	11018
And I am gonna comment .	And I am not gonna comment .	pos_neg	11019
The veteran has raced this season .	The veteran has not raced this season .	pos_neg	11020
but Mrs Wright plans to attend the hearings .	but Mrs Wright does not plan to attend the hearings .	pos_neg	11021
I know who to turn to to stop these baliffs .	I do not know who to turn to to stop these baliffs .	pos_neg	11022
" This was a wasted opportunity , " Donadoni said .	" This was not a wasted opportunity , " Donadoni said .	pos_neg	11023
But that is an excuse .	But that is not an excuse .	pos_neg	11024
This was a good number , no ifs and buts about it .	This was not a good number , no ifs and buts about it .	pos_neg	11025
They certainly show off nude pictures .	They certainly do not show off nude pictures .	pos_neg	11026
This is about education .	This is not about education .	pos_neg	11027
" This is helping young kids , " he said .	" This is not helping young kids , " he said .	pos_neg	11028
Guinean officials complained that rich countries have invested enough in agriculture .	Guinean officials complained that rich countries have not invested enough in agriculture .	pos_neg	11029
The colonel added that he knew the U.S. military was involved .	The colonel added that he knew the U.S. military was not involved .	pos_neg	11030
But it is a pudding that can successfully govern .	But it is not a pudding that can successfully govern .	pos_neg	11031
" " I am going to stop the tide .	" " I am not going to stop the tide .	pos_neg	11032
Again , Thompson was interested .	Again , Thompson was not interested .	pos_neg	11033
My wife of two years flies .	My wife of two years does not fly .	pos_neg	11034
And math and reading have been struggles .	And math and reading have not been struggles .	pos_neg	11035
" It happened that many times , " he said .	" It did not happen that many times , " he said .	pos_neg	11036
" But there was no party , " Williams said .	" But there was not no party , " Williams said .	pos_neg	11037
" I am struggling now , " she said .	" I am not struggling now , " she said .	pos_neg	11038
And it is snarky .	And it is not snarky .	pos_neg	11039
They are kidding .	They are not kidding .	pos_neg	11040
I know if it is becoming the NFL or what .	I do not know if it is becoming the NFL or what .	pos_neg	11041
Smith responded Thursday to an e-mail from CNN .	Smith did not respond Thursday to an e-mail from CNN .	pos_neg	11042
And Wenger is also aware trophies are won in the autumn .	And Wenger is also aware trophies are not won in the autumn .	pos_neg	11043
I am that informed .	I am not that informed .	pos_neg	11044
Most seemed to mind .	Most did not seem to mind .	pos_neg	11045
Their faith was a formality .	Their faith was not a formality .	pos_neg	11046
Even in amateur football , you cut corners like that .	Even in amateur football , you do not cut corners like that .	pos_neg	11047
The answer was good .	The answer was not good .	pos_neg	11048
Geragos said Anderson cooperated with the grand jury that indicted Bonds .	Geragos said Anderson did not cooperate with the grand jury that indicted Bonds .	pos_neg	11049
GM issued a statement yesterday .	GM did not issue a statement yesterday .	pos_neg	11050
I was up to the pace .	I was not up to the pace .	pos_neg	11051
It has a pool .	It does not have a pool .	pos_neg	11052
That existed this time .	That did not exist this time .	pos_neg	11053
What it means : Dramatic results .	What it does not mean : Dramatic results .	pos_neg	11054
It is like your average business partner .	It is not like your average business partner .	pos_neg	11055
But Cyprus was acceptable .	But Cyprus was not acceptable .	pos_neg	11056
Those things are easy .	Those things are not easy .	pos_neg	11057
O 'Neal 's tenure was without its triumphs .	O 'Neal 's tenure was not without its triumphs .	pos_neg	11058
But it is all etiquette , passing electronic notes and Web surfing .	But it is not all etiquette , passing electronic notes and Web surfing .	pos_neg	11059
The name of the airline was immediately known .	The name of the airline was not immediately known .	pos_neg	11060
There is a specific category for the job in Labor Department data .	There is not a specific category for the job in Labor Department data .	pos_neg	11061
It is going to be solved overnight .	It is not going to be solved overnight .	pos_neg	11062
It is the government 's job to bail out speculators .	It is not the government 's job to bail out speculators .	pos_neg	11063
It was long before Berkowitz took a package .	It was not long before Berkowitz took a package .	pos_neg	11064
Minnijean Brown Trickey was expelled for a fight she started .	Minnijean Brown Trickey was expelled for a fight she did not start .	pos_neg	11065
They were identified .	They were not identified .	pos_neg	11066
Prison officials disclosed his destination or plans .	Prison officials did not disclose his destination or plans .	pos_neg	11067
He revealed when the pledge was issued .	He did not reveal when the pledge was issued .	pos_neg	11068
She warned , however , that it is for everyone .	She warned , however , that it is not for everyone .	pos_neg	11069
Despite winning 18 of 19 games , the Broncos are ranked .	Despite winning 18 of 19 games , the Broncos are not ranked .	pos_neg	11070
Japanese trade officials were immediately available for comment .	Japanese trade officials were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	11071
By Martin Dokoupil I want to tempt fate .	By Martin Dokoupil I do not want to tempt fate .	pos_neg	11072
Emmett has chosen a method of execution .	Emmett has not chosen a method of execution .	pos_neg	11073
But Edwards said he had momentum going into the playoffs .	But Edwards said he did not have momentum going into the playoffs .	pos_neg	11074
Just wearing some kind of mask guaranteed safety .	Just wearing some kind of mask did not guarantee safety .	pos_neg	11075
" But I am a gambler , " she wrote .	" But I am not a gambler , " she wrote .	pos_neg	11076
They think of themselves as kneejerk Nimby 's .	They do not think of themselves as kneejerk Nimby 's .	pos_neg	11077
A target of 20-25 per cent of the electorate is incredible .	A target of 20-25 per cent of the electorate is not incredible .	pos_neg	11078
I remember if we had sex that evening .	I do not remember if we had sex that evening .	pos_neg	11079
I think it is a question of unilateral pressure .	I think it is not a question of unilateral pressure .	pos_neg	11080
The key is just raising money but placing it .	The key is not just raising money but placing it .	pos_neg	11081
Styris Similarly , you want to be stuck between two homes .	Styris Similarly , you do not want to be stuck between two homes .	pos_neg	11082
It is so easy to get a bandwagon rolling after Iraq .	It is not so easy to get a bandwagon rolling after Iraq .	pos_neg	11083
McCormack was called as a witness .	McCormack was not called as a witness .	pos_neg	11084
I knew what it was and dared .	I knew what it was and did not dare .	pos_neg	11085
They fill an empty hole .	They do not fill an empty hole .	pos_neg	11086
" We want to do that , " Qureshi said .	" We do not want to do that , " Qureshi said .	pos_neg	11087
Li 's duties were announced .	Li 's duties were not announced .	pos_neg	11088
I wanted to get on a scale .	I did not want to get on a scale .	pos_neg	11089
" This is rocket science , " Steward says .	" This is not rocket science , " Steward says .	pos_neg	11090
It was Ryan 's job to worry about team chemistry .	It was not Ryan 's job to worry about team chemistry .	pos_neg	11091
" I trust the officials , " she said .	" I do not trust the officials , " she said .	pos_neg	11092
Financial details of the transaction were disclosed .	Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed .	pos_neg	11093
, which flies into New York , the news service reported .	, which does not fly into New York , the news service reported .	pos_neg	11094
But the idle and ignorant got a look in .	But the idle and ignorant did not get a look in .	pos_neg	11095
" This is good news for patients , " Gardner said .	" This is not good news for patients , " Gardner said .	pos_neg	11096
" We endorse particular candidates or parties , " it said .	" We do not endorse particular candidates or parties , " it said .	pos_neg	11097
Mr. Christodoulou returned a reporter 's call this week .	Mr. Christodoulou did not return a reporter 's call this week .	pos_neg	11098
Sony 's announcement was a total surprise .	Sony 's announcement was not a total surprise .	pos_neg	11099
" " But for me it was a fun ride .	" " But for me it was not a fun ride .	pos_neg	11100
I arrived at the Douala airport , but the flight was listed .	I arrived at the Douala airport , but the flight was not listed .	pos_neg	11101
But consider what they did .	But consider what they did not do .	pos_neg	11102
He played the song .	He did not play the song .	pos_neg	11103
'It is a Silver Bullet .	'It is Not a Silver Bullet .	pos_neg	11104
I am sure that is the way they were going .	I am sure that is not the way they were going .	pos_neg	11105
" It is true , " Gilberto said .	" It is not true , " Gilberto said .	pos_neg	11106
She said she found the waiting too frustrating .	She said she did not find the waiting too frustrating .	pos_neg	11107
Federal prosecutors , meanwhile , have sought civil- rights charges .	Federal prosecutors , meanwhile , have not sought civil- rights charges .	pos_neg	11108
Rwandan government officials were immediately available to comment .	Rwandan government officials were not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	11109
While that might sound angry , his tone was .	While that might sound angry , his tone was not .	pos_neg	11110
" " Some people like that .	" " Some people do not like that .	pos_neg	11111
COULTER : The head of Iran is a Christian .	COULTER : The head of Iran is not a Christian .	pos_neg	11112
Brooks participated in the study .	Brooks did not participate in the study .	pos_neg	11113
Smoking is the only thing that causes high carbon monoxide levels .	Smoking is not the only thing that causes high carbon monoxide levels .	pos_neg	11114
For the kids , it is just about money .	For the kids , it is not just about money .	pos_neg	11115
It is like they call me .	It is not like they call me .	pos_neg	11116
We have been on this stage in a while .	We have not been on this stage in a while .	pos_neg	11117
I know what she is calling for .	I do not know what she is calling for .	pos_neg	11118
He is interested in light comedy or adapting novels .	He is not interested in light comedy or adapting novels .	pos_neg	11119
The boss wants to go through the hiring process .	The boss does not want to go through the hiring process .	pos_neg	11120
* Seal flues in fireplaces you use .	* Seal flues in fireplaces you do not use .	pos_neg	11121
Suicide bombers fall into easy categories .	Suicide bombers do not fall into easy categories .	pos_neg	11122
Which there is .	Which there is not .	pos_neg	11123
Checking bags is an option .	Checking bags is not an option .	pos_neg	11124
Please compare me to other rappers , compare me to trappers .	Please do not compare me to other rappers , compare me to trappers .	pos_neg	11125
Financial terms of the lease were disclosed .	Financial terms of the lease were not disclosed .	pos_neg	11126
Officials in Olmert 's office were immediately available for comment .	Officials in Olmert 's office were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	11127
Because I care who 's in the way .	Because I do not care who 's in the way .	pos_neg	11128
She said it was a good thing we called .	She said it was a good thing we did not call .	pos_neg	11129
It was quite humility , but it was a start .	It was not quite humility , but it was a start .	pos_neg	11130
Given their recent run , this was something they were used to .	Given their recent run , this was something they were not used to .	pos_neg	11131
Overseas purchasers dig the herbaceous border .	Overseas purchasers do not dig the herbaceous border .	pos_neg	11132
I see a big difference in the situation .	I do not see a big difference in the situation .	pos_neg	11133
Yet the temperature has increased in step with CO2 .	Yet the temperature has not increased in step with CO2 .	pos_neg	11134
I like it .	I do not like it .	pos_neg	11135
Perhaps Johnson has read that bit .	Perhaps Johnson has not read that bit .	pos_neg	11136
That is for me to say .	That is not for me to say .	pos_neg	11137
Bush spoke .	Bush did not speak .	pos_neg	11138
He is just classic , he is hip .	He is not just classic , he is hip .	pos_neg	11139
Another list had reporters who were to be contacted , Theoharis said .	Another list had reporters who were not to be contacted , Theoharis said .	pos_neg	11140
But he sees team selection as a problem .	But he does not see team selection as a problem .	pos_neg	11141
It has been good for American workers .	It has not been good for American workers .	pos_neg	11142
" " But that includes people earning $ 83,000 a year .	" " But that does not include people earning $ 83,000 a year .	pos_neg	11143
I knew what to do .	I did not know what to do .	pos_neg	11144
Police said Joseph Murphy is cooperating while he recovers .	Police said Joseph Murphy is not cooperating while he recovers .	pos_neg	11145
It is about that .	It is not about that .	pos_neg	11146
I know if I can take credit for all of it .	I do not know if I can take credit for all of it .	pos_neg	11147
But they were ready to turn the catching job over to Snyder .	But they were not ready to turn the catching job over to Snyder .	pos_neg	11148
You refund all of this money .	You need not refund all of this money .	pos_neg	11149
But Earl is a service dog .	But Earl is not a service dog .	pos_neg	11150
The U.S. Navy is about to subordinate its 6th Fleet to Paris .	The U.S. Navy is not about to subordinate its 6th Fleet to Paris .	pos_neg	11151
" I think the Turks are bluffing , " Gates said .	" I do not think the Turks are bluffing , " Gates said .	pos_neg	11152
Culture Ministry officials were immediately available for comment Thursday .	Culture Ministry officials were not immediately available for comment Thursday .	pos_neg	11153
We have enough evidence to make it a legal situation .	We do not have enough evidence to make it a legal situation .	pos_neg	11154
But Cherie and I wear headscarves or work at tills .	But Cherie and I do not wear headscarves or work at tills .	pos_neg	11155
I intended to offend him .	I did not intend to offend him .	pos_neg	11156
The response was particularly satisfying , but it was classically Pinteresque .	The response was not particularly satisfying , but it was classically Pinteresque .	pos_neg	11157
It will generate more money here but it is about that .	It will generate more money here but it is not about that .	pos_neg	11158
I knew he was questioning my toughness .	I did not know he was questioning my toughness .	pos_neg	11159
Mr. Brophy also appreciated the amount of paper .	Mr. Brophy also did not appreciate the amount of paper .	pos_neg	11160
" I expect him to be arrested , " she added .	" I do not expect him to be arrested , " she added .	pos_neg	11161
But his approach was simplistic .	But his approach was not simplistic .	pos_neg	11162
Ree : That sounds right .	Ree : That does not sound right .	pos_neg	11163
Other areas have adopted them .	Other areas have not adopted them .	pos_neg	11164
This comes from just anywhere .	This does not come from just anywhere .	pos_neg	11165
Burma had been on the path to democracy .	Burma had not been on the path to democracy .	pos_neg	11166
No , he is stupid .	No , he is not stupid .	pos_neg	11167
These experiments are the work of cranks .	These experiments are not the work of cranks .	pos_neg	11168
The principles change no matter which executives are in charge .	The principles do not change no matter which executives are in charge .	pos_neg	11169
Griffin 's end-of-the-year timetable was fast enough for some lawmakers .	Griffin 's end-of-the-year timetable was not fast enough for some lawmakers .	pos_neg	11170
I know about today .	I do not know about today .	pos_neg	11171
The military also is immune .	The military also is not immune .	pos_neg	11172
I have heard her opponents bring that up .	I have not heard her opponents bring that up .	pos_neg	11173
She fought back tears as she said she was a monster .	She fought back tears as she said she was not a monster .	pos_neg	11174
However , he questioned the right to strike .	However , he did not question the right to strike .	pos_neg	11175
It is a delayed reaction .	It is not a delayed reaction .	pos_neg	11176
That was the purpose of the team 's appeal .	That was not the purpose of the team 's appeal .	pos_neg	11177
Ecott knew he had a problem , but took precautions .	Ecott knew he had a problem , but did not take precautions .	pos_neg	11178
Mr. Hanning said the three men were cooperating with investigators .	Mr. Hanning said the three men were not cooperating with investigators .	pos_neg	11179
Mrs Clinton is only the front-runner .	Mrs Clinton is not only the front-runner .	pos_neg	11180
Mr. Codey returned a phone call seeking comment .	Mr. Codey did not return a phone call seeking comment .	pos_neg	11181
It is going to happen if McAuliffe can help it .	It is not going to happen if McAuliffe can help it .	pos_neg	11182
" It is Bryant versus Reade , " Pressler said .	" It is not Bryant versus Reade , " Pressler said .	pos_neg	11183
Many businesses say they are convinced the tax changes will benefit them .	Many businesses say they are not convinced the tax changes will benefit them .	pos_neg	11184
But this is just terrorism for tots , D.C. officials insist .	But this is not just terrorism for tots , D.C. officials insist .	pos_neg	11185
My jewellery follows trends so never dates .	My jewellery does not follow trends so never dates .	pos_neg	11186
He was terrible .	He was not terrible .	pos_neg	11187
It provided a specific number for operations in China .	It did not provide a specific number for operations in China .	pos_neg	11188
And it was just the sound that was so recognizable .	And it was not just the sound that was so recognizable .	pos_neg	11189
Happiness is inside of us , but out there .	Happiness is not inside of us , but out there .	pos_neg	11190
When he is worried about That Novel , he writes with confidence .	When he is not worried about That Novel , he writes with confidence .	pos_neg	11191
But the agency says the outlet contributed significantly to the flooding .	But the agency says the outlet did not contribute significantly to the flooding .	pos_neg	11192
But Mr. Oz and Mr. Craig go easy on him .	But Mr. Oz and Mr. Craig do not go easy on him .	pos_neg	11193
I send them cards at Christmas .	I do not send them cards at Christmas .	pos_neg	11194
That means it is a present .	That means it is not a present .	pos_neg	11195
What she sees is always pretty .	What she sees is not always pretty .	pos_neg	11196
Dead marine mammals are .	Dead marine mammals are not .	pos_neg	11197
It was immediately clear if Munroe had an attorney .	It was not immediately clear if Munroe had an attorney .	pos_neg	11198
I want to cut that out in order to run faster .	I do not want to cut that out in order to run faster .	pos_neg	11199
... International upbringing The Rockies have said who will start for them .	... International upbringing The Rockies have not said who will start for them .	pos_neg	11200
She is preoccupied with how unique her accomplishments are .	She is not preoccupied with how unique her accomplishments are .	pos_neg	11201
In this sense , the case of the King memorial is unique .	In this sense , the case of the King memorial is not unique .	pos_neg	11202
NASA officials said the glitch was affecting the day 's work .	NASA officials said the glitch was not affecting the day 's work .	pos_neg	11203
Rome saw it that way .	Rome did not see it that way .	pos_neg	11204
" We have given up , " said employee Marilyn Wald .	" We have not given up , " said employee Marilyn Wald .	pos_neg	11205
In another promotion scenario , things worked out as well .	In another promotion scenario , things did not work out as well .	pos_neg	11206
So making another album is our first priority right now .	So making another album is not our first priority right now .	pos_neg	11207
Surveillance cameras captured the bus leaving the lot .	Surveillance cameras did not capture the bus leaving the lot .	pos_neg	11208
We are out there doing those kinds of plays .	We are not out there doing those kinds of plays .	pos_neg	11209
" " They have done that .	" " They have not done that .	pos_neg	11210
Fake logs give off sparks and smoke .	Fake logs do not give off sparks and smoke .	pos_neg	11211
That attitude comes from nowhere .	That attitude does not come from nowhere .	pos_neg	11212
But floating is feasible in the short-term .	But floating is not feasible in the short-term .	pos_neg	11213
It was clear what other methods he was considering .	It was not clear what other methods he was considering .	pos_neg	11214
Whether that act took place I know .	Whether that act took place I do not know .	pos_neg	11215
The Cause Of The Crash Was Immediately Stated .	The Cause Of The Crash Was Not Immediately Stated .	pos_neg	11216
The terms of the settlements were disclosed .	The terms of the settlements were not disclosed .	pos_neg	11217
Certainly pay more than ten or twenty percent .	Certainly do not pay more than ten or twenty percent .	pos_neg	11218
For me , taking stock is always the most straightforward process .	For me , taking stock is not always the most straightforward process .	pos_neg	11219
So hard It is about the records .	So hard It is not about the records .	pos_neg	11220
But many Thais have accepted the idea .	But many Thais have not accepted the idea .	pos_neg	11221
It is going to be simple .	It is not going to be simple .	pos_neg	11222
Japanese officials were immediately available to comment .	Japanese officials were not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	11223
She works all the time , so that is an issue .	She works all the time , so that is not an issue .	pos_neg	11224
I know how to answer !	I do not know how to answer !	pos_neg	11225
I like to get involved .	I do not like to get involved .	pos_neg	11226
" It is very intellectual , " he said .	" It is not very intellectual , " he said .	pos_neg	11227
I am satisfied .	I am not satisfied .	pos_neg	11228
11 attacks was caused by exposure to toxic dust there .	11 attacks was not caused by exposure to toxic dust there .	pos_neg	11229
Brim 's mother was available for an interview .	Brim 's mother was not available for an interview .	pos_neg	11230
This year , Washington backed a candidate against Libya .	This year , Washington did not back a candidate against Libya .	pos_neg	11231
A plea agreement had been filed with the clerk 's office .	A plea agreement had not been filed with the clerk 's office .	pos_neg	11232
Afghanistan is Iraq .	Afghanistan is not Iraq .	pos_neg	11233
Florida 's bullpen has allowed a run in the last four games .	Florida 's bullpen has not allowed a run in the last four games .	pos_neg	11234
This is liberalism , which inserts itself into the crannies of life .	This is not liberalism , which inserts itself into the crannies of life .	pos_neg	11235
You 're talking about radicals going to choirboys .	You 're not talking about radicals going to choirboys .	pos_neg	11236
But Professor Alice Brown ruled that NHS regulations were followed .	But Professor Alice Brown ruled that NHS regulations were not followed .	pos_neg	11237
The authenticity of the video was immediately confirmed .	The authenticity of the video was not immediately confirmed .	pos_neg	11238
Granted , it is something Beacon finds it necessary to do often .	Granted , it is not something Beacon finds it necessary to do often .	pos_neg	11239
The report mentioned the size of the crocodile .	The report did not mention the size of the crocodile .	pos_neg	11240
" " They are going to get a miracle .	" " They are not going to get a miracle .	pos_neg	11241
It is something that is taught by the British Army .	It is not something that is taught by the British Army .	pos_neg	11242
Torre said he knew .	Torre said he did not know .	pos_neg	11243
But of course you are supposed to think about it .	But of course you are not supposed to think about it .	pos_neg	11244
The complaints have deterred her rivals .	The complaints have not deterred her rivals .	pos_neg	11245
It was Left .	It was not Left .	pos_neg	11246
The Medicare data included spending on drug therapies .	The Medicare data did not include spending on drug therapies .	pos_neg	11247
It was real pretty .	It was not real pretty .	pos_neg	11248
Actually , Cashman has to look far .	Actually , Cashman does not have to look far .	pos_neg	11249
Police said they have determined whether the shooting was intentional or accidental .	Police said they have not determined whether the shooting was intentional or accidental .	pos_neg	11250
I am gay , and I never have been .	I am not gay , and I never have been .	pos_neg	11251
But contraception is 100 percent - for pregnancy or for disease .	But contraception is not 100 percent - for pregnancy or for disease .	pos_neg	11252
Yet the criticism comes only from long-standing enemies .	Yet the criticism does not come only from long-standing enemies .	pos_neg	11253
It is unusual for senior diplomats to disagree .	It is not unusual for senior diplomats to disagree .	pos_neg	11254
You might disagree with them but they were insane .	You might disagree with them but they were not insane .	pos_neg	11255
But Warner 's election is a certainty .	But Warner 's election is not a certainty .	pos_neg	11256
But they do this .	But they do not do this .	pos_neg	11257
... I knew if this was my last day on Earth .	... I did not know if this was my last day on Earth .	pos_neg	11258
It said when Mr Mousavian would be put on trial .	It did not say when Mr Mousavian would be put on trial .	pos_neg	11259
He has just been sitting around , apparently .	He has not just been sitting around , apparently .	pos_neg	11260
It was a record .	It was not a record .	pos_neg	11261
It is Dick .	It is not Dick .	pos_neg	11262
But the music is strident ; it is inward-looking and rhythmically complex .	But the music is not strident ; it is inward-looking and rhythmically complex .	pos_neg	11263
" I was laid-back , " he said .	" I was not laid-back , " he said .	pos_neg	11264
Even the sheep look you in the eye .	Even the sheep do not look you in the eye .	pos_neg	11265
Unfortunately it is a lot of fun .	Unfortunately it is not a lot of fun .	pos_neg	11266
I hope they jumped the gun too soon .	I hope they did not jump the gun too soon .	pos_neg	11267
3 wkts , 70 overs It is all roses .	3 wkts , 70 overs It is not all roses .	pos_neg	11268
And we mean classic press agency news !	And we do not mean classic press agency news !	pos_neg	11269
He has specified which of the practices he is seeking to change .	He has not specified which of the practices he is seeking to change .	pos_neg	11270
We talked about that .	We did not talk about that .	pos_neg	11271
" I am interested in breaking records , " Calzaghe said .	" I am not interested in breaking records , " Calzaghe said .	pos_neg	11272
That is animal companionship .	That is not animal companionship .	pos_neg	11273
Half have a high school diploma .	Half do not have a high school diploma .	pos_neg	11274
But many residents are pleased with the news .	But many residents are not pleased with the news .	pos_neg	11275
You told me the questions were gonna be this hard !	You did not tell me the questions were gonna be this hard !	pos_neg	11276
But that has happened in India .	But that has not happened in India .	pos_neg	11277
Ms. Esterday said she understood what all the commotion was about .	Ms. Esterday said she did not understand what all the commotion was about .	pos_neg	11278
It was altitude or nostalgia .	It was not altitude or nostalgia .	pos_neg	11279
A first class experience it is .	A first class experience it is not .	pos_neg	11280
He is in town but I have seen him .	He is in town but I have not seen him .	pos_neg	11281
It was embarrassing , but again I thought it was me .	It was embarrassing , but again I did not think it was me .	pos_neg	11282
That was a complete surprise .	That was not a complete surprise .	pos_neg	11283
Across the street , another neighbor was as fortunate .	Across the street , another neighbor was not as fortunate .	pos_neg	11284
" They are following you , " I said .	" They are not following you , " I said .	pos_neg	11285
Greyhound has launched a major national advertising campaign in years .	Greyhound has not launched a major national advertising campaign in years .	pos_neg	11286
Note that snowglobes are permitted in carry-on luggage because they contain liquid .	Note that snowglobes are not permitted in carry-on luggage because they contain liquid .	pos_neg	11287
Profit and fame were the only motives for returning to a subject .	Profit and fame were not the only motives for returning to a subject .	pos_neg	11288
The Danes were at liberty to say , being sworn to secrecy .	The Danes were not at liberty to say , being sworn to secrecy .	pos_neg	11289
It is just the death of a charismatic politician .	It is not just the death of a charismatic politician .	pos_neg	11290
Election Commission officials were immediately available for comment Monday .	Election Commission officials were not immediately available for comment Monday .	pos_neg	11291
It had .	It had not .	pos_neg	11292
It was immediately clear Thursday night if Jones and Melton had attorneys .	It was not immediately clear Thursday night if Jones and Melton had attorneys .	pos_neg	11293
Preparing your car for sale has to be a frustrating process .	Preparing your car for sale does not have to be a frustrating process .	pos_neg	11294
Spanish royal palace officials were available for comment Monday .	Spanish royal palace officials were not available for comment Monday .	pos_neg	11295
Information on potential victims was immediately available .	Information on potential victims was not immediately available .	pos_neg	11296
But many people in the black community see it that way .	But many people in the black community do not see it that way .	pos_neg	11297
My good mate , you deserved this .	My good mate , you did not deserve this .	pos_neg	11298
Kim appeared with his attorney at the arraignment .	Kim did not appear with his attorney at the arraignment .	pos_neg	11299
This was anti-Semitism .	This was not anti-Semitism .	pos_neg	11300
Of course , it was to be .	Of course , it was not to be .	pos_neg	11301
But I have a million dollars .	But I do not have a million dollars .	pos_neg	11302
The Warners are related .	The Warners are not related .	pos_neg	11303
So far , the going has been easy .	So far , the going has not been easy .	pos_neg	11304
" This is my battle to fight , " Marbury said .	" This is not my battle to fight , " Marbury said .	pos_neg	11305
It mattered that the game was only in the fourth inning .	It did not matter that the game was only in the fourth inning .	pos_neg	11306
We are tied to a team .	We are not tied to a team .	pos_neg	11307
Tangela Key has a listed telephone number .	Tangela Key does not have a listed telephone number .	pos_neg	11308
But that is obvious .	But that is not obvious .	pos_neg	11309
We care about these matters .	We do not care about these matters .	pos_neg	11310
But that decision is always simple .	But that decision is not always simple .	pos_neg	11311
" She was feeling well , " Ms. Diaz said .	" She was not feeling well , " Ms. Diaz said .	pos_neg	11312
Hope is blind optimism .	Hope is not blind optimism .	pos_neg	11313
And it was without controversy .	And it was not without controversy .	pos_neg	11314
Silk City was always so enticing .	Silk City was not always so enticing .	pos_neg	11315
The bill authorizes the projects but appropriates the money for them .	The bill authorizes the projects but does not appropriate the money for them .	pos_neg	11316
And business has been bad , she says .	And business has not been bad , she says .	pos_neg	11317
His players heeded his advice against the Hurricanes .	His players did not heed his advice against the Hurricanes .	pos_neg	11318
Just because it is a minivan means it cannot be hot .	Just because it is a minivan does not mean it cannot be hot .	pos_neg	11319
We are in a position to comment .	We are not in a position to comment .	pos_neg	11320
This is the first dustup between the two teams .	This is not the first dustup between the two teams .	pos_neg	11321
But the rising tide is lifting every boat .	But the rising tide is not lifting every boat .	pos_neg	11322
Blair ruled out an appeal .	Blair did not rule out an appeal .	pos_neg	11323
And private associations qualify .	And private associations do not qualify .	pos_neg	11324
" But it is a new problem , " Keel said .	" But it is not a new problem , " Keel said .	pos_neg	11325
And I think it took a hero to do that .	And I do not think it took a hero to do that .	pos_neg	11326
Treating pain alone is enough , Dr. Rajagopal explains .	Treating pain alone is not enough , Dr. Rajagopal explains .	pos_neg	11327
They are technically a SWAT team .	They are not technically a SWAT team .	pos_neg	11328
It is more that they follow up to assure results .	It is more that they do not follow up to assure results .	pos_neg	11329
But it mattered .	But it did not matter .	pos_neg	11330
And there has been an angry word between us .	And there has not been an angry word between us .	pos_neg	11331
Yet this performance was about that .	Yet this performance was not about that .	pos_neg	11332
Apart from its lollipop appearance , it stood out at first .	Apart from its lollipop appearance , it did not stand out at first .	pos_neg	11333
The film is exactly the blood-stirring anti-corporate agitprop you might expect .	The film is not exactly the blood-stirring anti-corporate agitprop you might expect .	pos_neg	11334
He mentioned my name after the fight , I mentioned his .	He mentioned my name after the fight , I did not mention his .	pos_neg	11335
Just bring the children .	Just do not bring the children .	pos_neg	11336
Judges are well placed to determine scientific validity without input from scientists .	Judges are not well placed to determine scientific validity without input from scientists .	pos_neg	11337
But it is for the reasons you might think .	But it is not for the reasons you might think .	pos_neg	11338
This is just a case of selling exclusively in the Big Box .	This is not just a case of selling exclusively in the Big Box .	pos_neg	11339
This market was interested in studios before .	This market was not interested in studios before .	pos_neg	11340
Beijing has begun to realize that its current path is cost-free .	Beijing has begun to realize that its current path is not cost-free .	pos_neg	11341
But we want to leave her home alone .	But we do not want to leave her home alone .	pos_neg	11342
This is entirely surprising because he was sacked seven times .	This is not entirely surprising because he was sacked seven times .	pos_neg	11343
The power companies clearly believe their sites are at risk .	The power companies clearly believe their sites are not at risk .	pos_neg	11344
The history of this is encouraging .	The history of this is not encouraging .	pos_neg	11345
The police pursued the vehicle on to the motorway .	The police did not pursue the vehicle on to the motorway .	pos_neg	11346
Clay had drawn his weapon .	Clay had not drawn his weapon .	pos_neg	11347
Oh , women have a clue .	Oh , women do not have a clue .	pos_neg	11348
Others just wish to receive it .	Others just do not wish to receive it .	pos_neg	11349
The task is helped by recurrent bouts of finger-pointing .	The task is not helped by recurrent bouts of finger-pointing .	pos_neg	11350
State-wise targets are fixed for wind power .	State-wise targets are not fixed for wind power .	pos_neg	11351
Justice was to be entirely miscarried .	Justice was not to be entirely miscarried .	pos_neg	11352
What it was , on the whole , was conservative or tired .	What it was not , on the whole , was conservative or tired .	pos_neg	11353
Forecasts for next year are encouraging .	Forecasts for next year are not encouraging .	pos_neg	11354
And they are jiggling at random .	And they are not jiggling at random .	pos_neg	11355
I know the answer to that question .	I do not know the answer to that question .	pos_neg	11356
Hanging is Halloween .	Hanging is not Halloween .	pos_neg	11357
He is too worried , he said .	He is not too worried , he said .	pos_neg	11358
It is like it blindsides us .	It is not like it blindsides us .	pos_neg	11359
26 , but made public the reason why .	26 , but did not make public the reason why .	pos_neg	11360
This is just about oil companies .	This is not just about oil companies .	pos_neg	11361
But Amaral has been suspended from his work on the McCann case .	But Amaral has not been suspended from his work on the McCann case .	pos_neg	11362
It matters who it is .	It does not matter who it is .	pos_neg	11363
He has skied since Saturday , when the injury occurred .	He has not skied since Saturday , when the injury occurred .	pos_neg	11364
Most borrowers are aware of the no-cost option from lenders .	Most borrowers are not aware of the no-cost option from lenders .	pos_neg	11365
Carrier was satisfied .	Carrier was not satisfied .	pos_neg	11366
Clinton has said she was voting for war , but stepped-up diplomacy .	Clinton has said she was not voting for war , but stepped-up diplomacy .	pos_neg	11367
The steeplechaser Michael Spence is so sure .	The steeplechaser Michael Spence is not so sure .	pos_neg	11368
But the Pentagon later told the committee the documents had been classified .	But the Pentagon later told the committee the documents had not been classified .	pos_neg	11369
You know Al Qaeda is an Iraqi organization .	You know Al Qaeda is not an Iraqi organization .	pos_neg	11370
And training is the same as racing .	And training is not the same as racing .	pos_neg	11371
This is final .	This is not final .	pos_neg	11372
The Israeli government was saying .	The Israeli government was not saying .	pos_neg	11373
I was really surprised when I heard about the emergency rule .	I was not really surprised when I heard about the emergency rule .	pos_neg	11374
I think it is territoriality .	I do not think it is territoriality .	pos_neg	11375
But geometry is the only thing that keeps the card houses standing .	But geometry is not the only thing that keeps the card houses standing .	pos_neg	11376
' " Mr Pearson said he had informed police about the emails .	' " Mr Pearson said he had not informed police about the emails .	pos_neg	11377
Thompson has stood out from the crowd .	Thompson has not stood out from the crowd .	pos_neg	11378
That means we always use language to convey reality .	That does not mean we always use language to convey reality .	pos_neg	11379
The man is pulling punches .	The man is not pulling punches .	pos_neg	11380
I like the minimalist .	I do not like the minimalist .	pos_neg	11381
Therefore , a reliable estimate of its net loss is available .	Therefore , a reliable estimate of its net loss is not available .	pos_neg	11382
You have to be a Christian to make that decision .	You do not have to be a Christian to make that decision .	pos_neg	11383
Police have determined a motive in Mao 's killing , Gentile said .	Police have not determined a motive in Mao 's killing , Gentile said .	pos_neg	11384
It was a ploy .	It was not a ploy .	pos_neg	11385
And the restaurant takes reservations .	And the restaurant does not take reservations .	pos_neg	11386
The guy who has been subbing has shown .	The guy who has been subbing has not shown .	pos_neg	11387
It is often you can say that .	It is not often you can say that .	pos_neg	11388
" " You do Ashtanga during a full moon , Lucy .	" " You do not do Ashtanga during a full moon , Lucy .	pos_neg	11389
I get that at home .	I do not get that at home .	pos_neg	11390
Keeping up moral standards is always why people are being arrested .	Keeping up moral standards is not always why people are being arrested .	pos_neg	11391
Financial details of the acquisition in Gulf Africa Petroleum Corp. were disclosed .	Financial details of the acquisition in Gulf Africa Petroleum Corp. were not disclosed .	pos_neg	11392
Hoekstra said Craig 's explanations were credible .	Hoekstra said Craig 's explanations were not credible .	pos_neg	11393
Who these rebels were , I know .	Who these rebels were , I do not know .	pos_neg	11394
" I know what the answer is , " Francis said .	" I do not know what the answer is , " Francis said .	pos_neg	11395
They were churchgoers .	They were not churchgoers .	pos_neg	11396
This is necessarily a good thing .	This is not necessarily a good thing .	pos_neg	11397
Further Details Were Immediately Known .	Further Details Were Not Immediately Known .	pos_neg	11398
John Elway had been on the football field in a long time .	John Elway had not been on the football field in a long time .	pos_neg	11399
You believe you deserve it .	You do not believe you deserve it .	pos_neg	11400
But that means the opinions are always positive .	But that does not mean the opinions are always positive .	pos_neg	11401
They feel that they measure up .	They do not feel that they measure up .	pos_neg	11402
His job is a mere game manager .	His job is not a mere game manager .	pos_neg	11403
And Loree Moore was able to keep the rebound inbounds .	And Loree Moore was not able to keep the rebound inbounds .	pos_neg	11404
He struts and bluster like the old Johnnie Cochran-F .	He does not strut and bluster like the old Johnnie Cochran-F .	pos_neg	11405
But for her daughter , she is so sure .	But for her daughter , she is not so sure .	pos_neg	11406
That looks like a great deal .	That does not look like a great deal .	pos_neg	11407
The person requested anonymity because the details have been publicly released .	The person requested anonymity because the details have not been publicly released .	pos_neg	11408
" " Kids need to be perfect .	" " Kids do not need to be perfect .	pos_neg	11409
The Navy released his name .	The Navy did not release his name .	pos_neg	11410
Miss Skattergoods was , to Carol 's relief , there .	Miss Skattergoods was not , to Carol 's relief , there .	pos_neg	11411
It is interesting , thanks , that she makes that distinction .	It is interesting , thanks , that she does not make that distinction .	pos_neg	11412
Of course , people are aware it is that simple .	Of course , people are aware it is not that simple .	pos_neg	11413
But Craig says he is going anywhere .	But Craig says he is not going anywhere .	pos_neg	11414
But many got enough compensation to pay for new housing .	But many did not get enough compensation to pay for new housing .	pos_neg	11415
The police had mentioned this to Mr Medellín .	The police had not mentioned this to Mr Medellín .	pos_neg	11416
I want to spoil it for you .	I do not want to spoil it for you .	pos_neg	11417
To be fair , Bruce has become The Man .	To be fair , Bruce has not become The Man .	pos_neg	11418
" We know what plans she has , " Lavagna said .	" We do not know what plans she has , " Lavagna said .	pos_neg	11419
If it does well , Christie 's may be stuck .	If it does not do well , Christie 's may be stuck .	pos_neg	11420
There is a man-tailored pantsuit the designer 's trademark in sight .	There is not a man-tailored pantsuit the designer 's trademark in sight .	pos_neg	11421
I think " Superbad " is a teen movie .	I do not think " Superbad " is a teen movie .	pos_neg	11422
Pepper was totally wrong .	Pepper was not totally wrong .	pos_neg	11423
It was just a horrible play you want to see .	It was just a horrible play you do not want to see .	pos_neg	11424
He is wholly to be trusted .	He is not wholly to be trusted .	pos_neg	11425
A message left Saturday for Solanki 's husband was returned .	A message left Saturday for Solanki 's husband was not returned .	pos_neg	11426
PBS is alone in counting on the program 's success .	PBS is not alone in counting on the program 's success .	pos_neg	11427
This happened by chance .	This did not happen by chance .	pos_neg	11428
But they were his only enemy .	But they were not his only enemy .	pos_neg	11429
A fourth child made it .	A fourth child did not make it .	pos_neg	11430
I think there is another place like it in the world .	I do not think there is another place like it in the world .	pos_neg	11431
But Tyree noted that the news on kickoffs was all bad .	But Tyree noted that the news on kickoffs was not all bad .	pos_neg	11432
I have children .	I do not have children .	pos_neg	11433
They are very well educated .	They are not very well educated .	pos_neg	11434
Returns were expected for several hours .	Returns were not expected for several hours .	pos_neg	11435
The Tigers have commented on the claim .	The Tigers have not commented on the claim .	pos_neg	11436
But Taveras thinks a change is necessary .	But Taveras does not think a change is necessary .	pos_neg	11437
We had full power so we needed to move patients .	We did not have full power so we needed to move patients .	pos_neg	11438
The county is obligated to require documentation for services funded locally .	The county is not obligated to require documentation for services funded locally .	pos_neg	11439
She is without anxieties , of course .	She is not without anxieties , of course .	pos_neg	11440
I obviously hope that happens .	I obviously hope that does not happen .	pos_neg	11441
CNN normally reveals sexual assault victims ' names .	CNN normally does not reveal sexual assault victims ' names .	pos_neg	11442
Perhaps you feel it , in your becalmed teenage sleep .	Perhaps you do not feel it , in your becalmed teenage sleep .	pos_neg	11443
And I am surprised I had been asked about SCHIP .	And I am surprised I had not been asked about SCHIP .	pos_neg	11444
I was wowed .	I was not wowed .	pos_neg	11445
The passenger , whose name has been released , faces possible fines .	The passenger , whose name has not been released , faces possible fines .	pos_neg	11446
The linesman gave it .	The linesman did not give it .	pos_neg	11447
The Ukrainian company has been named .	The Ukrainian company has not been named .	pos_neg	11448
The president announced his decision .	The president did not announce his decision .	pos_neg	11449
The automakers announced production cuts , the next likely step .	The automakers did not announce production cuts , the next likely step .	pos_neg	11450
" I like surprises , " he said .	" I do not like surprises , " he said .	pos_neg	11451
Ma : I know .	Ma : I do not know .	pos_neg	11452
Thomas denied wrongdoing and testified that she had a Kazaa account .	Thomas denied wrongdoing and testified that she did not have a Kazaa account .	pos_neg	11453
" I am glad I play tackle , " he cracked .	" I am glad I do not play tackle , " he cracked .	pos_neg	11454
Contrary to the conventional wisdom , the Chinese government is antireligious .	Contrary to the conventional wisdom , the Chinese government is not antireligious .	pos_neg	11455
Okay , she uses that word .	Okay , she does not use that word .	pos_neg	11456
" You replace a Ronnie Brown , " Cameron said .	" You do not replace a Ronnie Brown , " Cameron said .	pos_neg	11457
The president 's spokeswoman returned calls .	The president 's spokeswoman did not return calls .	pos_neg	11458
We make a market .	We do not make a market .	pos_neg	11459
The museum scene in Brisbane ignores history .	The museum scene in Brisbane does not ignore history .	pos_neg	11460
" " I am sure the bottom-up approach will do it .	" " I am not sure the bottom-up approach will do it .	pos_neg	11461
Wyoming has caucuses or primaries .	Wyoming does not have caucuses or primaries .	pos_neg	11462
Bonds ' departure apparently is sitting well .	Bonds ' departure apparently is not sitting well .	pos_neg	11463
We need members of Congress telling our commanders what to do .	We do not need members of Congress telling our commanders what to do .	pos_neg	11464
Facebook returned calls seeking comment on the announcement .	Facebook did not return calls seeking comment on the announcement .	pos_neg	11465
But Blackburn 's first impression had been positive .	But Blackburn 's first impression had not been positive .	pos_neg	11466
It is a good idea to be in a state of war .	It is not a good idea to be in a state of war .	pos_neg	11467
I know why I should have been winded .	I do not know why I should have been winded .	pos_neg	11468
At age 23 , Young is that far removed from 10th-grade algebra .	At age 23 , Young is not that far removed from 10th-grade algebra .	pos_neg	11469
Many animals show empathy and altruistic tendencies but have moral systems .	Many animals show empathy and altruistic tendencies but do not have moral systems .	pos_neg	11470
But now that rape is common the victims are being ostracised .	But now that rape is common the victims are not being ostracised .	pos_neg	11471
" " That was his objective .	" " That was not his objective .	pos_neg	11472
Remember , you have to pay to claim what is yours !	Remember , you do not have to pay to claim what is yours !	pos_neg	11473
In fact , the streets were paved .	In fact , the streets were not paved .	pos_neg	11474
They want smaller .	They do not want smaller .	pos_neg	11475
, said he was optimistic .	, said he was not optimistic .	pos_neg	11476
I knew who they were , or how they were connected .	I did not know who they were , or how they were connected .	pos_neg	11477
The " s " in TSA stands for security .	The " s " in TSA does not stand for security .	pos_neg	11478
You need to do this .	You do not need to do this .	pos_neg	11479
But loggerheads are often seen at sea ; young green turtles are .	But loggerheads are often seen at sea ; young green turtles are not .	pos_neg	11480
It was all his fault , of course .	It was not all his fault , of course .	pos_neg	11481
At least I think so ... but maybe I should be .	At least I do not think so ... but maybe I should be .	pos_neg	11482
Hatton is hard to find .	Hatton is not hard to find .	pos_neg	11483
They are advisers and decide UN policy .	They are advisers and do not decide UN policy .	pos_neg	11484
He just thinks it is that serious .	He just does not think it is that serious .	pos_neg	11485
My point is particularly to criticise Islam .	My point is not particularly to criticise Islam .	pos_neg	11486
, who is in the playoff .	, who is not in the playoff .	pos_neg	11487
It was immediately clear who fired the shot that killed him .	It was not immediately clear who fired the shot that killed him .	pos_neg	11488
The basis of that calculation was spelled out by the union .	The basis of that calculation was not spelled out by the union .	pos_neg	11489
How their romance blossomed , and for how long , is known .	How their romance blossomed , and for how long , is not known .	pos_neg	11490
As Pasha told me , that stereotypical image is the reality .	As Pasha told me , that stereotypical image is not the reality .	pos_neg	11491
We just made it .	We just did not make it .	pos_neg	11492
Kluft , just 24 , has lost a heptathlon in five years .	Kluft , just 24 , has not lost a heptathlon in five years .	pos_neg	11493
It is , however , an untroubled relationship .	It is not , however , an untroubled relationship .	pos_neg	11494
I know why you keep asking me .	I do not know why you keep asking me .	pos_neg	11495
It is worthwhile .	It is not worthwhile .	pos_neg	11496
I am sure very many people would want that on their résumé .	I am not sure very many people would want that on their résumé .	pos_neg	11497
This is something you can definitely do by investing in public companies .	This is not something you can definitely do by investing in public companies .	pos_neg	11498
The service user needs a computer to access the internet .	The service user does not need a computer to access the internet .	pos_neg	11499
MEADE : These efforts have gone unnoticed or unappreciated .	MEADE : These efforts have not gone unnoticed or unappreciated .	pos_neg	11500
I want talk about it in the morning .	I do not want talk about it in the morning .	pos_neg	11501
Ozawa , though , was in a mood to agree .	Ozawa , though , was not in a mood to agree .	pos_neg	11502
" They need to antagonize Isiah , " Nance said .	" They do not need to antagonize Isiah , " Nance said .	pos_neg	11503
But other Jews and Armenians said he went far enough .	But other Jews and Armenians said he did not go far enough .	pos_neg	11504
It is a question of freedom .	It is not a question of freedom .	pos_neg	11505
This is a gravy train .	This is not a gravy train .	pos_neg	11506
The debate was confined to the scene .	The debate was not confined to the scene .	pos_neg	11507
This is a stunt , it is genuine .	This is not a stunt , it is genuine .	pos_neg	11508
It is like he is the only one .	It is not like he is the only one .	pos_neg	11509
We shut the theaters .	We did not shut the theaters .	pos_neg	11510
I think I have a specific type , really .	I do not think I have a specific type , really .	pos_neg	11511
Dell held a conference call with investors to discuss its earnings .	Dell did not hold a conference call with investors to discuss its earnings .	pos_neg	11512
I believe this is the case .	I believe this is not the case .	pos_neg	11513
I was involved but now we want to go out and improve .	I was not involved but now we want to go out and improve .	pos_neg	11514
We want to see them have the same problems we had .	We do not want to see them have the same problems we had .	pos_neg	11515
id = 1643102007 Umpires quickly signaled that Ramirez had a homer .	id = 1643102007 Umpires quickly signaled that Ramirez did not have a homer .	pos_neg	11516
But one 's imagination is an autonomous realm .	But one 's imagination is not an autonomous realm .	pos_neg	11517
Ignoring e-mail for the first hour is easy .	Ignoring e-mail for the first hour is not easy .	pos_neg	11518
That is an issue with the all-wheel-drive model .	That is not an issue with the all-wheel-drive model .	pos_neg	11519
A trial date in that portion of the case has been set .	A trial date in that portion of the case has not been set .	pos_neg	11520
I knew what was going on with my son Evan .	I did not know what was going on with my son Evan .	pos_neg	11521
The same search on Google is nearly as fruitful .	The same search on Google is not nearly as fruitful .	pos_neg	11522
Surrey Police told Interpol that Arthurs was a suspect .	Surrey Police did not tell Interpol that Arthurs was a suspect .	pos_neg	11523
Messages left with the Packers were immediately returned .	Messages left with the Packers were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	11524
This is fussing , which is entirely unrelated to teasing .	This is fussing , which is not entirely unrelated to teasing .	pos_neg	11525
I live with regrets .	I do not live with regrets .	pos_neg	11526
The wedding " is back home in Wales , " said Gruffudd .	The wedding " is not back home in Wales , " said Gruffudd .	pos_neg	11527
I understand it all .	I do not understand it all .	pos_neg	11528
" That is just children , " she said .	" That is not just children , " she said .	pos_neg	11529
It is pretty , but it gets the job done .	It is not pretty , but it gets the job done .	pos_neg	11530
Science He minces words .	Science He does not mince words .	pos_neg	11531
That has changed , Mr. Schmidt said .	That has not changed , Mr. Schmidt said .	pos_neg	11532
He told Israel 's Army Radio his son was a spy .	He told Israel 's Army Radio his son was not a spy .	pos_neg	11533
The state system was hacked , the spokesman said .	The state system was not hacked , the spokesman said .	pos_neg	11534
He was acknowledging that that was something that went as planned .	He was acknowledging that that was something that did not go as planned .	pos_neg	11535
We have just had a few months of this .	We have not just had a few months of this .	pos_neg	11536
Al-Gartani was hurt , they said .	Al-Gartani was not hurt , they said .	pos_neg	11537
" Our differences are so great , " said Mr. Hashim .	" Our differences are not so great , " said Mr. Hashim .	pos_neg	11538
" It is only the financing , " Mr. Bailey said .	" It is not only the financing , " Mr. Bailey said .	pos_neg	11539
She seemed bothered .	She did not seem bothered .	pos_neg	11540
He is a bad person .	He is not a bad person .	pos_neg	11541
The early adopters have hesitated to use their offices as billboards .	The early adopters have not hesitated to use their offices as billboards .	pos_neg	11542
She was alone .	She was not alone .	pos_neg	11543
We were there , but we were the central event .	We were there , but we were not the central event .	pos_neg	11544
I think Mother noticed my urgency .	I do not think Mother noticed my urgency .	pos_neg	11545
Radiohead seeks to reinvent that infrastructure .	Radiohead does not seek to reinvent that infrastructure .	pos_neg	11546
But this is a racist town .	But this is not a racist town .	pos_neg	11547
Even so , Scorsese almost made it into the movies .	Even so , Scorsese almost did not make it into the movies .	pos_neg	11548
And if they respond , make good on your promise .	And if they do not respond , make good on your promise .	pos_neg	11549
I want to be getting calls from housekeeping .	I do not want to be getting calls from housekeeping .	pos_neg	11550
I believe what we are doing over there helps our country .	I do not believe what we are doing over there helps our country .	pos_neg	11551
We have fantastic talents .	We do not have fantastic talents .	pos_neg	11552
But the field was their only problem .	But the field was not their only problem .	pos_neg	11553
" This was Birmingham , this was Philadelphia , " he said .	" This was not Birmingham , this was Philadelphia , " he said .	pos_neg	11554
The person requested anonymity because the official announcement had been made .	The person requested anonymity because the official announcement had not been made .	pos_neg	11555
The Hawks have been the same since .	The Hawks have not been the same since .	pos_neg	11556
Bluetongue is a risk to human health , authorities said .	Bluetongue is not a risk to human health , authorities said .	pos_neg	11557
Note : Alonso bothered coming out for first practice .	Note : Alonso did not bother coming out for first practice .	pos_neg	11558
The board has used its authority wisely .	The board has not used its authority wisely .	pos_neg	11559
We believe in nuclear weapons , period .	We do not believe in nuclear weapons , period .	pos_neg	11560
I hope the same thing happens here .	I hope the same thing does not happen here .	pos_neg	11561
Mr. Ferina 's name was on the ballot .	Mr. Ferina 's name was not on the ballot .	pos_neg	11562
He restored stability , but his tenure has been completely smooth .	He restored stability , but his tenure has not been completely smooth .	pos_neg	11563
It is easy to be selected as a Unicef ambassador .	It is not easy to be selected as a Unicef ambassador .	pos_neg	11564
Clearly , that is enough .	Clearly , that is not enough .	pos_neg	11565
McDonald said the public was in danger .	McDonald said the public was not in danger .	pos_neg	11566
Refrigerating bread dough is a new idea .	Refrigerating bread dough is not a new idea .	pos_neg	11567
The results for the quarters presented above have been audited or reviewed .	The results for the quarters presented above have not been audited or reviewed .	pos_neg	11568
You have to carry the coins or buy the tokens .	You do not have to carry the coins or buy the tokens .	pos_neg	11569
But even they know if it will work .	But even they do not know if it will work .	pos_neg	11570
I know if they know .	I do not know if they know .	pos_neg	11571
It recommended dietary supplements as prevention .	It did not recommend dietary supplements as prevention .	pos_neg	11572
TIRED It is that easy to find friends .	TIRED It is not that easy to find friends .	pos_neg	11573
That was going to happen .	That was not going to happen .	pos_neg	11574
" " I am used to doing it but it is fun .	" " I am not used to doing it but it is fun .	pos_neg	11575
Last month Groenink acknowledged that the Barclays bid was big enough .	Last month Groenink acknowledged that the Barclays bid was not big enough .	pos_neg	11576
" " I see a purpose at this time to continue .	" " I do not see a purpose at this time to continue .	pos_neg	11577
Hopefully I move as slowly as it .	Hopefully I do not move as slowly as it .	pos_neg	11578
These loans are reflected in the non-performing assets .	These loans are not reflected in the non-performing assets .	pos_neg	11579
" It is necessary to have electricity , " he said .	" It is not necessary to have electricity , " he said .	pos_neg	11580
& Because they like our message .	& Because they do not like our message .	pos_neg	11581
The George Romneys went to church each Sunday ; it was optional .	The George Romneys went to church each Sunday ; it was not optional .	pos_neg	11582
This study shows they have been imagining it .	This study shows they have not been imagining it .	pos_neg	11583
3 Malik was prosecuted for writing poetry .	3 Malik was not prosecuted for writing poetry .	pos_neg	11584
However , Brown added that Rhee presented him with written plans .	However , Brown added that Rhee did not present him with written plans .	pos_neg	11585
And the good news stopped there .	And the good news did not stop there .	pos_neg	11586
Travel to Micronesia is cheap or particularly easy .	Travel to Micronesia is not cheap or particularly easy .	pos_neg	11587
I understand pounds .	I do not understand pounds .	pos_neg	11588
It is about black and white .	It is not about black and white .	pos_neg	11589
Rank-and-file members are authorized to speak to the media .	Rank-and-file members are not authorized to speak to the media .	pos_neg	11590
I mind looking like an asshole .	I do not mind looking like an asshole .	pos_neg	11591
Maybe for some people it is meant to be .	Maybe for some people it is not meant to be .	pos_neg	11592
And I intend to do that .	And I do not intend to do that .	pos_neg	11593
The public has clamored for it .	The public has not clamored for it .	pos_neg	11594
Something that happens nearly enough .	Something that does not happen nearly enough .	pos_neg	11595
D.E.A. officials say Mr. Giuliani ultimately affected the inquiry 's course .	D.E.A. officials say Mr. Giuliani ultimately did not affect the inquiry 's course .	pos_neg	11596
It bothered him , Bozeman said .	It did not bother him , Bozeman said .	pos_neg	11597
The FCC has proposed a fine since March of 2006 .	The FCC has not proposed a fine since March of 2006 .	pos_neg	11598
S-chip is an entitlement program like Medicare or Medicaid .	S-chip is not an entitlement program like Medicare or Medicaid .	pos_neg	11599
Just because they say they are losing money makes it true .	Just because they say they are losing money does not make it true .	pos_neg	11600
, because it allowed Jews .	, because it did not allow Jews .	pos_neg	11601
" " I have an answer for that .	" " I do not have an answer for that .	pos_neg	11602
Bhutto says she is intimidated by the Karachi attack .	Bhutto says she is not intimidated by the Karachi attack .	pos_neg	11603
Hauer , 63 , says it with regret .	Hauer , 63 , does not say it with regret .	pos_neg	11604
Germany wants the EU to be torn apart over Kosovo .	Germany does not want the EU to be torn apart over Kosovo .	pos_neg	11605
Your job is to prevent his breakdowns .	Your job is not to prevent his breakdowns .	pos_neg	11606
I wanted them to know where I lived .	I did not want them to know where I lived .	pos_neg	11607
She heard the plea of a longtime family friend .	She did not hear the plea of a longtime family friend .	pos_neg	11608
It is something that ends when the finished chip comes out .	It is not something that ends when the finished chip comes out .	pos_neg	11609
" It is the same movie , " Coach Eric Mangini said .	" It is not the same movie , " Coach Eric Mangini said .	pos_neg	11610
These two other guys have moved .	These two other guys have not moved .	pos_neg	11611
Part of the problem is that the customer has high expectations .	Part of the problem is that the customer does not have high expectations .	pos_neg	11612
I think this is going to change things dramatically for Xerox .	I do not think this is going to change things dramatically for Xerox .	pos_neg	11613
Results people thought were possible .	Results people thought were not possible .	pos_neg	11614
He was carrying food or water .	He was not carrying food or water .	pos_neg	11615
But for owners , price is an issue , dealers said .	But for owners , price is not an issue , dealers said .	pos_neg	11616
This was 2004 .	This was not 2004 .	pos_neg	11617
And McCain was shy about pouncing on this information .	And McCain was not shy about pouncing on this information .	pos_neg	11618
She is going to fall apart like Dean .	She is not going to fall apart like Dean .	pos_neg	11619
It offered an opinion on the validity of the 1988 interrogation .	It did not offer an opinion on the validity of the 1988 interrogation .	pos_neg	11620
Sharpton accepted that " disturbing " excuse .	Sharpton did not accept that " disturbing " excuse .	pos_neg	11621
MetroBridge Networks International Inc. undertakes to update these forward-looking statements .	MetroBridge Networks International Inc. does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	11622
This was the Tyler we knew and loved .	This was not the Tyler we knew and loved .	pos_neg	11623
He sleeps three hours a night and gets tired .	He sleeps three hours a night and does not get tired .	pos_neg	11624
The somewhat shabby building has been redone since then .	The somewhat shabby building has not been redone since then .	pos_neg	11625
It threatens me .	It does not threaten me .	pos_neg	11626
Finding out who owns the buses is easy .	Finding out who owns the buses is not easy .	pos_neg	11627
His history of success under Belichick hurt .	His history of success under Belichick did not hurt .	pos_neg	11628
But it was just that .	But it was not just that .	pos_neg	11629
Nevertheless the shame was strong enough to make me switch to cloth .	Nevertheless the shame was not strong enough to make me switch to cloth .	pos_neg	11630
He was just a crazy Hollywood activist , after all .	He was not just a crazy Hollywood activist , after all .	pos_neg	11631
No , it is Cole Porter .	No , it is not Cole Porter .	pos_neg	11632
I agree with the demands of the teachers .	I do not agree with the demands of the teachers .	pos_neg	11633
We are talking small sums .	We are not talking small sums .	pos_neg	11634
He is stupid .	He is not stupid .	pos_neg	11635
Multiple areas of several stations had smoke detectors .	Multiple areas of several stations did not have smoke detectors .	pos_neg	11636
Announces Fiscal 2008 Guidance This is good enough !	Announces Fiscal 2008 Guidance This is not good enough !	pos_neg	11637
Sometimes we have made mistakes and sometimes we have .	Sometimes we have made mistakes and sometimes we have not .	pos_neg	11638
Pick your battles .	Do not pick your battles .	pos_neg	11639
The only hesitation came with one student they knew very well .	The only hesitation came with one student they did not know very well .	pos_neg	11640
Ramon was clear about what areas would be transferred .	Ramon was not clear about what areas would be transferred .	pos_neg	11641
But I know it , and I cannot prove it .	But I do not know it , and I cannot prove it .	pos_neg	11642
Despite its charm , the sport is easy to televise .	Despite its charm , the sport is not easy to televise .	pos_neg	11643
We just did it by dressing up as goblins .	We just did not do it by dressing up as goblins .	pos_neg	11644
I wanted to repaint the whole thing .	I did not want to repaint the whole thing .	pos_neg	11645
The United States has signed the treaty .	The United States has not signed the treaty .	pos_neg	11646
Federal prosecutors , meanwhile , have sought civil-rights charges .	Federal prosecutors , meanwhile , have not sought civil-rights charges .	pos_neg	11647
For whatever reason , I made it .	For whatever reason , I did not make it .	pos_neg	11648
Swearing has to be aggressive .	Swearing does not have to be aggressive .	pos_neg	11649
Be smart : sign a union authorization card .	Be smart : do not sign a union authorization card .	pos_neg	11650
Actors feel impact of WGA strike Inducements are allowed ; bribes are .	Actors feel impact of WGA strike Inducements are allowed ; bribes are not .	pos_neg	11651
Apparently those steps are enough , according to the accountability office .	Apparently those steps are not enough , according to the accountability office .	pos_neg	11652
This is about questioning the honesty or sincerity of your current advisors .	This is not about questioning the honesty or sincerity of your current advisors .	pos_neg	11653
The Upper Peninsula hike skimps on scenery .	The Upper Peninsula hike does not skimp on scenery .	pos_neg	11654
He is an establishment judge or an old-school toadie .	He is not an establishment judge or an old-school toadie .	pos_neg	11655
But Mr Khosla and Mr Page are ordinary businessmen or armchair revolutionaries .	But Mr Khosla and Mr Page are not ordinary businessmen or armchair revolutionaries .	pos_neg	11656
He confirmed the witness reports of police shooting .	He did not confirm the witness reports of police shooting .	pos_neg	11657
I swear I am imagining this .	I swear I am not imagining this .	pos_neg	11658
Patience , of course , is at the forefront .	Patience , of course , is not at the forefront .	pos_neg	11659
This applies to me .	This does not apply to me .	pos_neg	11660
It sounds as if you are a big fan of westerns .	It sounds as if you are not a big fan of westerns .	pos_neg	11661
Those cases have been solved .	Those cases have not been solved .	pos_neg	11662
Which is that surprising .	Which is not that surprising .	pos_neg	11663
She is only beautiful but very competitive on the track .	She is not only beautiful but very competitive on the track .	pos_neg	11664
That is the case in Iraq .	That is not the case in Iraq .	pos_neg	11665
We so got paid for that .	We so did not get paid for that .	pos_neg	11666
Police have disclosed the identities of the two dead cavers .	Police have not disclosed the identities of the two dead cavers .	pos_neg	11667
They have all the capability that they need .	They do not have all the capability that they need .	pos_neg	11668
They want our security restored .	They do not want our security restored .	pos_neg	11669
This was the only good news for the DIFX this week .	This was not the only good news for the DIFX this week .	pos_neg	11670
The Associated Press generally names those who allege sexual abuse .	The Associated Press generally does not name those who allege sexual abuse .	pos_neg	11671
I know how else to say it .	I do not know how else to say it .	pos_neg	11672
This is the sense we are getting from the kids themselves .	This is not the sense we are getting from the kids themselves .	pos_neg	11673
" " It is just sour grapes .	" " It is not just sour grapes .	pos_neg	11674
He Said He Knew The Number Of Cases .	He Said He Did Not Know The Number Of Cases .	pos_neg	11675
The problem stays there .	The problem does not stay there .	pos_neg	11676
Peter returned messages seeking comment .	Peter did not return messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	11677
One problem the company faces is selling its cars .	One problem the company does not face is selling its cars .	pos_neg	11678
Peterson is the only high-profile fugitive Arenas has collared .	Peterson is not the only high-profile fugitive Arenas has collared .	pos_neg	11679
Muldrow reacted when County Judge John Conrad sentenced her .	Muldrow did not react when County Judge John Conrad sentenced her .	pos_neg	11680
Opportunistic PSA testing is recommended .	Opportunistic PSA testing is not recommended .	pos_neg	11681
ACTOS is for everyone .	ACTOS is not for everyone .	pos_neg	11682
" " Teaching proper household skills was seen as important for years .	" " Teaching proper household skills was not seen as important for years .	pos_neg	11683
I want to sugarcoat it .	I do not want to sugarcoat it .	pos_neg	11684
I want to discuss my future at the present moment .	I do not want to discuss my future at the present moment .	pos_neg	11685
Everyone knows one another ( if they are also related ) .	Everyone knows one another ( if they are not also related ) .	pos_neg	11686
It made that demand of developing nations .	It did not make that demand of developing nations .	pos_neg	11687
Islamic extremists are Koranic robots , he said .	Islamic extremists are not Koranic robots , he said .	pos_neg	11688
" I am here for that , " he said .	" I am not here for that , " he said .	pos_neg	11689
We need no stinkin ' proposals !	We do not need no stinkin ' proposals !	pos_neg	11690
A call to an attorney representing Aboudihaj 's children was immediately returned .	A call to an attorney representing Aboudihaj 's children was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	11691
" I am fighting the small car , " Ms. Narain said .	" I am not fighting the small car , " Ms. Narain said .	pos_neg	11692
b Steyn SOCAR has released details on the investment .	b Steyn SOCAR has not released details on the investment .	pos_neg	11693
YouTube , Facebook and MySpace existed .	YouTube , Facebook and MySpace did not exist .	pos_neg	11694
He went down .	He did not go down .	pos_neg	11695
And an Edward Lear , but he is exhibiting .	And an Edward Lear , but he is not exhibiting .	pos_neg	11696
To me , it is something I would be scared of .	To me , it is not something I would be scared of .	pos_neg	11697
But it matters .	But it does not matter .	pos_neg	11698
People who say they shake hands might appear odd .	People who say they do not shake hands might appear odd .	pos_neg	11699
That fact is lost on them .	That fact is not lost on them .	pos_neg	11700
The stars were aligned for another high-profiled chef .	The stars were not aligned for another high-profiled chef .	pos_neg	11701
Tyson Chandler knows he is in there to shoot .	Tyson Chandler knows he is not in there to shoot .	pos_neg	11702
We were upbraided when bad guys died .	We were upbraided when bad guys did not die .	pos_neg	11703
Neither side wants to face facts that fit its case .	Neither side wants to face facts that do not fit its case .	pos_neg	11704
But his struggles against Hasek and Detroit came as a surprise .	But his struggles against Hasek and Detroit did not come as a surprise .	pos_neg	11705
Grant is hard to find .	Grant is not hard to find .	pos_neg	11706
He was quite ready .	He was not quite ready .	pos_neg	11707
ERROL MORRIS : Please injure yourself on my account over this .	ERROL MORRIS : Please do not injure yourself on my account over this .	pos_neg	11708
It is hard to do .	It is not hard to do .	pos_neg	11709
Jacobs returned calls seeking comment Tuesday from The Washington Post .	Jacobs did not return calls seeking comment Tuesday from The Washington Post .	pos_neg	11710
However , Nipsa said the offer went far enough .	However , Nipsa said the offer did not go far enough .	pos_neg	11711
To say six years is enough , it is .	To say six years is enough , it is not .	pos_neg	11712
You shoot people because they point your finger at you .	You do not shoot people because they point your finger at you .	pos_neg	11713
" It is pseudocyesis or post-traumatic stress disorder , " Ketchmark said .	" It is not pseudocyesis or post-traumatic stress disorder , " Ketchmark said .	pos_neg	11714
The injury was believed to be serious .	The injury was not believed to be serious .	pos_neg	11715
The 79-year-old Mississippi native disappointed Thursday .	The 79-year-old Mississippi native did not disappoint Thursday .	pos_neg	11716
The reason it is easy is it is never been done before .	The reason it is not easy is it is never been done before .	pos_neg	11717
That point was lost on us .	That point was not lost on us .	pos_neg	11718
He believed in God , but his faith was cultural or philosophical .	He believed in God , but his faith was not cultural or philosophical .	pos_neg	11719
It works like that .	It does not work like that .	pos_neg	11720
Vivian 's letters are included , making this a one-sided conversation .	Vivian 's letters are not included , making this a one-sided conversation .	pos_neg	11721
I definitely wanted to go home .	I definitely did not want to go home .	pos_neg	11722
They are done in isolation .	They are not done in isolation .	pos_neg	11723
So plan on him going anywhere anytime soon .	So do not plan on him going anywhere anytime soon .	pos_neg	11724
Kennedy seems to know what to root for .	Kennedy does not seem to know what to root for .	pos_neg	11725
We discriminate , but we do evangelize .	We do not discriminate , but we do evangelize .	pos_neg	11726
But I blame Petraeus for Bush 's mistakes .	But I do not blame Petraeus for Bush 's mistakes .	pos_neg	11727
Others were so upbeat .	Others were not so upbeat .	pos_neg	11728
, were returned .	, were not returned .	pos_neg	11729
I think this was chance .	I do not think this was chance .	pos_neg	11730
" " We have the capacity to reach them .	" " We do not have the capacity to reach them .	pos_neg	11731
And Georgia is the only state feeling the pinch .	And Georgia is not the only state feeling the pinch .	pos_neg	11732
The army lets people move freely .	The army does not let people move freely .	pos_neg	11733
He talked policies .	He did not talk policies .	pos_neg	11734
That is science fiction ; that is real .	That is science fiction ; that is not real .	pos_neg	11735
The laughter stopped for a long time .	The laughter did not stop for a long time .	pos_neg	11736
The passenger ship was seriously damaged and no one aboard was hurt .	The passenger ship was not seriously damaged and no one aboard was hurt .	pos_neg	11737
It seemed serious or contributing to the betterment of the world .	It did not seem serious or contributing to the betterment of the world .	pos_neg	11738
" You have a choice , " Mr. Babcock said .	" You do not have a choice , " Mr. Babcock said .	pos_neg	11739
She had allowed her own party to become democratic , he alleged .	She had not allowed her own party to become democratic , he alleged .	pos_neg	11740
The graffiti opposite the hospital is tagged with Banksy 's trademark signature .	The graffiti opposite the hospital is not tagged with Banksy 's trademark signature .	pos_neg	11741
However , the laptop contained Canadian applicants ' Social Insurance Numbers .	However , the laptop did not contain Canadian applicants ' Social Insurance Numbers .	pos_neg	11742
Seeing a psychologist helped .	Seeing a psychologist did not help .	pos_neg	11743
Except that we know what it is .	Except that we do not know what it is .	pos_neg	11744
ensure that happens again .	ensure that does not happen again .	pos_neg	11745
" I am really making predictions this year , " Jordan said .	" I am not really making predictions this year , " Jordan said .	pos_neg	11746
The proliferation of these sites has solved everyone 's search problems .	The proliferation of these sites has not solved everyone 's search problems .	pos_neg	11747
Ms. Pakfar was sure what Stuyvesant Town was .	Ms. Pakfar was not sure what Stuyvesant Town was .	pos_neg	11748
It is about a fight .	It is not about a fight .	pos_neg	11749
I regret I have kicked you enough .	I regret I have not kicked you enough .	pos_neg	11750
I walked in his shoes .	I did not walk in his shoes .	pos_neg	11751
I thought it would help me .	I did not think it would help me .	pos_neg	11752
But others said the decision was a setback .	But others said the decision was not a setback .	pos_neg	11753
I told him I knew it .	I told him I did not know it .	pos_neg	11754
" " His legacy 's going to be terrific .	" " His legacy 's not going to be terrific .	pos_neg	11755
You vary your message .	You do not vary your message .	pos_neg	11756
I am a political animal , per se .	I am not a political animal , per se .	pos_neg	11757
The war is over , of course .	The war is not over , of course .	pos_neg	11758
He wants to judge other people 's choices .	He does not want to judge other people 's choices .	pos_neg	11759
The point is that Iowa is about mass politics .	The point is that Iowa is not about mass politics .	pos_neg	11760
I care how good the hitters are .	I do not care how good the hitters are .	pos_neg	11761
They are exactly the dream team .	They are not exactly the dream team .	pos_neg	11762
I am retiring .	I am not retiring .	pos_neg	11763
I envy them this task .	I do not envy them this task .	pos_neg	11764
Everett 's agent , Brian Overstreet , was immediately available for comment .	Everett 's agent , Brian Overstreet , was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	11765
I got that feeling when I talked to the players individually .	I did not get that feeling when I talked to the players individually .	pos_neg	11766
And Alabama 's governor believes Georgia should dictate its water flow .	And Alabama 's governor does not believe Georgia should dictate its water flow .	pos_neg	11767
That is just simply the case .	That is not just simply the case .	pos_neg	11768
Most analysts believe the bill is likely to get that many votes .	Most analysts believe the bill is not likely to get that many votes .	pos_neg	11769
It is just the bear-pit atmosphere at the stadium .	It is not just the bear-pit atmosphere at the stadium .	pos_neg	11770
I am pretending everything is rosy .	I am not pretending everything is rosy .	pos_neg	11771
And I make it mine .	And I do not make it mine .	pos_neg	11772
That difference was statistically significant .	That difference was not statistically significant .	pos_neg	11773
We need bongos !	We do not need bongos !	pos_neg	11774
I know now .	I do not know now .	pos_neg	11775
An overall cost estimate was available .	An overall cost estimate was not available .	pos_neg	11776
My work has been easy , but it has been unbelievably rewarding .	My work has not been easy , but it has been unbelievably rewarding .	pos_neg	11777
It is just an aesthetic thing .	It is not just an aesthetic thing .	pos_neg	11778
It was impossible that six diamonds would have been makable .	It was not impossible that six diamonds would have been makable .	pos_neg	11779
" I am going to get every vote , " he said .	" I am not going to get every vote , " he said .	pos_neg	11780
So I had to go through losing a house .	So I did not have to go through losing a house .	pos_neg	11781
It was unreasonable to expect Buffalo to rely on the run .	It was not unreasonable to expect Buffalo to rely on the run .	pos_neg	11782
Progress has come cheaply .	Progress has not come cheaply .	pos_neg	11783
These talks reached the level of details .	These talks did not reach the level of details .	pos_neg	11784
It is the first sign of detente between the two companies .	It is not the first sign of detente between the two companies .	pos_neg	11785
Terry was Grant 's only concern last night .	Terry was not Grant 's only concern last night .	pos_neg	11786
She said that Aset offered a diploma in pre-school practice .	She said that Aset did not offer a diploma in pre-school practice .	pos_neg	11787
The incongruity of the situation is lost on him .	The incongruity of the situation is not lost on him .	pos_neg	11788
But that has appeased Saudis fighting against women drivers .	But that has not appeased Saudis fighting against women drivers .	pos_neg	11789
But Chesney 's buying into all the hype .	But Chesney 's not buying into all the hype .	pos_neg	11790
For now , however , investors appear enthused .	For now , however , investors do not appear enthused .	pos_neg	11791
Both players lay at the feet of Burns , who was penalized .	Both players lay at the feet of Burns , who was not penalized .	pos_neg	11792
They were kidding !	They were not kidding !	pos_neg	11793
McCain told reporters later that he was stung by the question .	McCain told reporters later that he was not stung by the question .	pos_neg	11794
Brussels wants an answer to such big questions now .	Brussels does not want an answer to such big questions now .	pos_neg	11795
NO-ONE can say they tried .	NO-ONE can say they did not try .	pos_neg	11796
Most of these stories end amicably .	Most of these stories do not end amicably .	pos_neg	11797
He explained why the animals were euthanized so quickly .	He did not explain why the animals were euthanized so quickly .	pos_neg	11798
The perpetrators and their motives have always been clear .	The perpetrators and their motives have not always been clear .	pos_neg	11799
In the long term , however , it is good .	In the long term , however , it is not good .	pos_neg	11800
But Genesco has complied with those requests , Finish Line said .	But Genesco has not complied with those requests , Finish Line said .	pos_neg	11801
Musharraf announced when Kiyani will take over as army chief .	Musharraf did not announce when Kiyani will take over as army chief .	pos_neg	11802
Israel has said what the target was .	Israel has not said what the target was .	pos_neg	11803
The condition of the driver of the Fiat Uno was known .	The condition of the driver of the Fiat Uno was not known .	pos_neg	11804
He definitely was Friday night .	He definitely was not Friday night .	pos_neg	11805
Just look for it in prime time - or on TV .	Just do not look for it in prime time - or on TV .	pos_neg	11806
Financial details of the payment were disclosed .	Financial details of the payment were not disclosed .	pos_neg	11807
The last chapter has been written .	The last chapter has not been written .	pos_neg	11808
Wildest dreams It is being talked about .	Wildest dreams It is not being talked about .	pos_neg	11809
It is a simple cause and effect .	It is not a simple cause and effect .	pos_neg	11810
Turns out it is as easy as that .	Turns out it is not as easy as that .	pos_neg	11811
Acting for 13-year-old Alex Etel is all fun and games .	Acting for 13-year-old Alex Etel is not all fun and games .	pos_neg	11812
Tax-planning schemes had become very complicated and were suitable for everyone .	Tax-planning schemes had become very complicated and were not suitable for everyone .	pos_neg	11813
" Well I hope I have to , " Potts said .	" Well I hope I do not have to , " Potts said .	pos_neg	11814
Penalties-Yards 7-65 7-62 But it has been enough .	Penalties-Yards 7-65 7-62 But it has not been enough .	pos_neg	11815
Job satisfaction is a fixed thing .	Job satisfaction is not a fixed thing .	pos_neg	11816
But most in the business are helpful .	But most in the business are not helpful .	pos_neg	11817
It is fair .	It is not fair .	pos_neg	11818
The mission has gone entirely smoothly .	The mission has not gone entirely smoothly .	pos_neg	11819
It was immediately clear what was contained in the tanker cars .	It was not immediately clear what was contained in the tanker cars .	pos_neg	11820
The trading cards , for example , are about hero worship .	The trading cards , for example , are not about hero worship .	pos_neg	11821
Calls to Mr. Wilenchik 's office yesterday were returned .	Calls to Mr. Wilenchik 's office yesterday were not returned .	pos_neg	11822
The problem is just Mr. Thompson 's .	The problem is not just Mr. Thompson 's .	pos_neg	11823
so many things I am remembering .	so many things I am not remembering .	pos_neg	11824
I want him to think I am nosy .	I do not want him to think I am nosy .	pos_neg	11825
The promised sums are likely to promote reconciliation .	The promised sums are not likely to promote reconciliation .	pos_neg	11826
The rebel group spelled out its reasons for the Mystras raid .	The rebel group did not spell out its reasons for the Mystras raid .	pos_neg	11827
Wednesday after the couple showed up for work and missed appointments .	Wednesday after the couple did not show up for work and missed appointments .	pos_neg	11828
Apparently , Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are enough .	Apparently , Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are not enough .	pos_neg	11829
" I have been paid in 29 months , " he continued .	" I have not been paid in 29 months , " he continued .	pos_neg	11830
They simply wish to discuss it beyond their immediate circle .	They simply do not wish to discuss it beyond their immediate circle .	pos_neg	11831
Impac is in default with Colonial Bank , NA .	Impac is not in default with Colonial Bank , NA .	pos_neg	11832
Another objection is more simple : Plastic is grass .	Another objection is more simple : Plastic is not grass .	pos_neg	11833
You dwell on one item .	You do not dwell on one item .	pos_neg	11834
I am sure my vote will really matter .	I am not sure my vote will really matter .	pos_neg	11835
I am just doing my job and ask questions .	I am just doing my job and do not ask questions .	pos_neg	11836
D.C. United entered the contest .	D.C. United did not enter the contest .	pos_neg	11837
Jones acknowledged that he is a neutral observer .	Jones acknowledged that he is not a neutral observer .	pos_neg	11838
Most candidates have both .	Most candidates do not have both .	pos_neg	11839
I had a choice .	I did not have a choice .	pos_neg	11840
But the speaker had time .	But the speaker did not have time .	pos_neg	11841
To say this was inevitable is an understatement .	To say this was not inevitable is an understatement .	pos_neg	11842
" We are a very diverse community , " the mayor said .	" We are not a very diverse community , " the mayor said .	pos_neg	11843
They want to play rugby .	They do not want to play rugby .	pos_neg	11844
China seems fragile .	China does not seem fragile .	pos_neg	11845
It was his final move .	It was not his final move .	pos_neg	11846
An after-hours message left Thursday with Spears ' attorney was immediately returned .	An after-hours message left Thursday with Spears ' attorney was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	11847
It is a straightforward academically selective school .	It is not a straightforward academically selective school .	pos_neg	11848
But I want one .	But I do not want one .	pos_neg	11849
Consumer groups were so sure .	Consumer groups were not so sure .	pos_neg	11850
Most gave their real names , but appeared comfortable .	Most did not give their real names , but appeared comfortable .	pos_neg	11851
Flu shots guarantee protection from MRSA pneumonia .	Flu shots do not guarantee protection from MRSA pneumonia .	pos_neg	11852
Initial reports said Bhutto was hurt .	Initial reports said Bhutto was not hurt .	pos_neg	11853
The debt spiral is entirely your fault .	The debt spiral is not entirely your fault .	pos_neg	11854
And that is me .	And that is not me .	pos_neg	11855
I scanned my lungs though .	I did not scan my lungs though .	pos_neg	11856
The couple has been seen together publicly for weeks .	The couple has not been seen together publicly for weeks .	pos_neg	11857
Veterans groups have complained that some agencies are following veteran preference laws .	Veterans groups have complained that some agencies are not following veteran preference laws .	pos_neg	11858
I really hope my producer is getting ideas .	I really hope my producer is not getting ideas .	pos_neg	11859
And this man remembers me .	And this man does not remember me .	pos_neg	11860
Democrats said Thursday 's vote was the final test .	Democrats said Thursday 's vote was not the final test .	pos_neg	11861
If it happens they are going to let it ruin their lives .	If it happens they are not going to let it ruin their lives .	pos_neg	11862
" It was the result of the fire , " Schmidt said .	" It was not the result of the fire , " Schmidt said .	pos_neg	11863
We have a generation that is necessarily interested in getting married .	We have a generation that is not necessarily interested in getting married .	pos_neg	11864
Manager shocked by Sproule move We certainly want to end it .	Manager shocked by Sproule move We certainly do not want to end it .	pos_neg	11865
Coward 's inspiration for writing his " Hamlet " was exactly Shakespearean .	Coward 's inspiration for writing his " Hamlet " was not exactly Shakespearean .	pos_neg	11866
Five Born at Home He exposed himself .	Five Born at Home He did not expose himself .	pos_neg	11867
No , so far we are , because of the security concerns .	No , so far we are not , because of the security concerns .	pos_neg	11868
And his conversions are limited to prisons .	And his conversions are not limited to prisons .	pos_neg	11869
I felt I had a place in my society .	I felt I did not have a place in my society .	pos_neg	11870
The ministry gave a cost estimate for the moon probe project .	The ministry did not give a cost estimate for the moon probe project .	pos_neg	11871
Sellers at foreclosure auctions are usually obligated to disclose defects .	Sellers at foreclosure auctions are not usually obligated to disclose defects .	pos_neg	11872
It was my fault my mother refused to move .	It was not my fault my mother refused to move .	pos_neg	11873
One could argue that rationality is everything .	One could argue that rationality is not everything .	pos_neg	11874
Blatter was upset more South American countries bid .	Blatter was upset more South American countries did not bid .	pos_neg	11875
He said the resignation of Mr Applegarth was enough to reassure taxpayers .	He said the resignation of Mr Applegarth was not enough to reassure taxpayers .	pos_neg	11876
She said it was possible for her to change her plan .	She said it was not possible for her to change her plan .	pos_neg	11877
" Soweto is just undergoing a face lift , " he said .	" Soweto is not just undergoing a face lift , " he said .	pos_neg	11878
the states won the Civil War .	the states did not win the Civil War .	pos_neg	11879
But cultural change comes smoothly .	But cultural change does not come smoothly .	pos_neg	11880
In this , I am alone .	In this , I am not alone .	pos_neg	11881
Two great guards is quite enough .	Two great guards is not quite enough .	pos_neg	11882
It is often that President Bush talks about race relations .	It is not often that President Bush talks about race relations .	pos_neg	11883
I am big fan of cat fights .	I am not big fan of cat fights .	pos_neg	11884
He told them it was his .	He did not tell them it was his .	pos_neg	11885
But the vintage of the puppets is what sets each show apart .	But the vintage of the puppets is not what sets each show apart .	pos_neg	11886
" Culture is just deluxe , " he said .	" Culture is not just deluxe , " he said .	pos_neg	11887
On that point , anyway , I saw the damage .	On that point , anyway , I did not see the damage .	pos_neg	11888
It comes from being bad .	It does not come from being bad .	pos_neg	11889
Jackson remembered the game with the same rosy glow as Bryant .	Jackson did not remember the game with the same rosy glow as Bryant .	pos_neg	11890
SOURCE Smartvue Corporation Unfortunately , this is a joke .	SOURCE Smartvue Corporation Unfortunately , this is not a joke .	pos_neg	11891
Its difficulties are those that beset exotic financial markets with primitive regulation .	Its difficulties are not those that beset exotic financial markets with primitive regulation .	pos_neg	11892
" McCain added , " I am saying he is without credentials .	" McCain added , " I am not saying he is without credentials .	pos_neg	11893
Just force kids to choose between cookies and carrots .	Just do not force kids to choose between cookies and carrots .	pos_neg	11894
we have thought of everything .	we have not thought of everything .	pos_neg	11895
I know what I am in pounds .	I do not know what I am in pounds .	pos_neg	11896
People were dropping dead after females entered menopause .	People were not dropping dead after females entered menopause .	pos_neg	11897
Microsoft is a brand that should rely on discounting .	Microsoft is not a brand that should rely on discounting .	pos_neg	11898
The financial terms of the deal were disclosed .	The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	11899
Fukuda said how the countries would cooperate .	Fukuda did not say how the countries would cooperate .	pos_neg	11900
The company statement provided details .	The company statement did not provide details .	pos_neg	11901
I know enough about it to make a judgment .	I do not know enough about it to make a judgment .	pos_neg	11902
Except , in pretty short order , I was .	Except , in pretty short order , I was not .	pos_neg	11903
" It spends a cent , " seconded Inhofe .	" It does not spend a cent , " seconded Inhofe .	pos_neg	11904
Some went so far as to divorce wives who bore boys .	Some went so far as to divorce wives who did not bear boys .	pos_neg	11905
I am sure she realizes how challenging this is for you .	I am sure she does not realize how challenging this is for you .	pos_neg	11906
Retired players complain that there is enough transparency in the record-keeping .	Retired players complain that there is not enough transparency in the record-keeping .	pos_neg	11907
That is chic , that is annoying .	That is not chic , that is annoying .	pos_neg	11908
Even bridies get a mention .	Even bridies do not get a mention .	pos_neg	11909
But it has to be this way .	But it does not have to be this way .	pos_neg	11910
One photographs one 's own dead .	One does not photograph one 's own dead .	pos_neg	11911
It is a tactic .	It is not a tactic .	pos_neg	11912
It is Tom Tancredo .	It is not Tom Tancredo .	pos_neg	11913
There has been another epidemic since then .	There has not been another epidemic since then .	pos_neg	11914
You have taken advice .	You have not taken advice .	pos_neg	11915
While another could bail you out , develop dependence .	While another could bail you out , do not develop dependence .	pos_neg	11916
And he is going to the World Trade Center site .	And he is not going to the World Trade Center site .	pos_neg	11917
It is that reputation is irrelevant .	It is not that reputation is irrelevant .	pos_neg	11918
" We are able to be optimistic , " he said .	" We are not able to be optimistic , " he said .	pos_neg	11919
It was exactly the classic way to start a fashion house .	It was not exactly the classic way to start a fashion house .	pos_neg	11920
Oh yes , and the Internet : YouTube is going on strike .	Oh yes , and the Internet : YouTube is not going on strike .	pos_neg	11921
We talk about it just in therapy .	We do not talk about it just in therapy .	pos_neg	11922
Rwanda insists its Commonwealth application is a slap at Paris .	Rwanda insists its Commonwealth application is not a slap at Paris .	pos_neg	11923
But they have a good strong law to support them .	But they do not have a good strong law to support them .	pos_neg	11924
A lot of people are going to be disappointed there was more .	A lot of people are going to be disappointed there was not more .	pos_neg	11925
The nature of the alleged scandal was disclosed .	The nature of the alleged scandal was not disclosed .	pos_neg	11926
Fenton is a coward .	Fenton is not a coward .	pos_neg	11927
They know there are one or two areas where we agree .	They know there are one or two areas where we do not agree .	pos_neg	11928
I am hoping it is like that .	I am hoping it is not like that .	pos_neg	11929
It is clear where his blows landed .	It is not clear where his blows landed .	pos_neg	11930
CEO S. Gopalakrishnan committed to a target date .	CEO S. Gopalakrishnan did not commit to a target date .	pos_neg	11931
, that he solicited sex .	, that he did not solicit sex .	pos_neg	11932
" It is humorous , " Riley said .	" It is not humorous , " Riley said .	pos_neg	11933
The public makes this diva , I am already made .	The public does not make this diva , I am already made .	pos_neg	11934
Mr. Watkins identified the Chinese company .	Mr. Watkins did not identify the Chinese company .	pos_neg	11935
Unfortunately , he slid down quite as well as St. Nick .	Unfortunately , he did not slide down quite as well as St. Nick .	pos_neg	11936
I have a father .	I do not have a father .	pos_neg	11937
They released their names or the nature of their injuries .	They did not release their names or the nature of their injuries .	pos_neg	11938
There were many left .	There were not many left .	pos_neg	11939
Change is inevitable , but unlike evolution it is a blind process .	Change is inevitable , but unlike evolution it is not a blind process .	pos_neg	11940
By Esteban Israel Devlin apologized .	By Esteban Israel Devlin did not apologize .	pos_neg	11941
It has been good for dress codes in restaurants .	It has not been good for dress codes in restaurants .	pos_neg	11942
What it means : Miracles .	What it does not mean : Miracles .	pos_neg	11943
The issues where we really need concessions have been dealt with .	The issues where we really need concessions have not been dealt with .	pos_neg	11944
The new slew of hair-slowing potions impress some dermatologists .	The new slew of hair-slowing potions do not impress some dermatologists .	pos_neg	11945
Eaves said he intends the reference to be anti-Jewish .	Eaves said he does not intend the reference to be anti-Jewish .	pos_neg	11946
Representatives for Ms Spears and Mr Federline were immediately available for comment .	Representatives for Ms Spears and Mr Federline were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	11947
Proxies of the shareholders are being solicited by the Board of Directors .	Proxies of the shareholders are not being solicited by the Board of Directors .	pos_neg	11948
These people deserve to be called Puerto Rican .	These people do not deserve to be called Puerto Rican .	pos_neg	11949
But creativity has to be completely obliterated .	But creativity does not have to be completely obliterated .	pos_neg	11950
The SNP believe in legislation for legislation 's sake .	The SNP do not believe in legislation for legislation 's sake .	pos_neg	11951
" We added more for security reasons , " Oropeza said .	" We did not add more for security reasons , " Oropeza said .	pos_neg	11952
What they realize is how bad they can get .	What they do not realize is how bad they can get .	pos_neg	11953
This is right .	This is not right .	pos_neg	11954
I get caught in the history .	I do not get caught in the history .	pos_neg	11955
This is a situation the West can afford to ignore .	This is not a situation the West can afford to ignore .	pos_neg	11956
The Dutchman 's departure is a source of anguish for the striker .	The Dutchman 's departure is not a source of anguish for the striker .	pos_neg	11957
They also like me living by myself .	They also do not like me living by myself .	pos_neg	11958
" " This is our only livelihood and we have money .	" " This is our only livelihood and we do not have money .	pos_neg	11959
I think it is always as good as some people imagine .	I do not think it is always as good as some people imagine .	pos_neg	11960
" I think it is suitable , " he said .	" I do not think it is suitable , " he said .	pos_neg	11961
They were alone .	They were not alone .	pos_neg	11962
That sat very well with certain people there .	That did not sit very well with certain people there .	pos_neg	11963
BC has opened a season with five straight wins since 1954 .	BC has not opened a season with five straight wins since 1954 .	pos_neg	11964
HOYER : Well , I know .	HOYER : Well , I do not know .	pos_neg	11965
" Climate change is all bad , " he said .	" Climate change is not all bad , " he said .	pos_neg	11966
The FSA 's research revealed this was happening .	The FSA 's research revealed this was not happening .	pos_neg	11967
So far , the candidates have been interested .	So far , the candidates have not been interested .	pos_neg	11968
Kurds want the jobs .	Kurds do not want the jobs .	pos_neg	11969
" We are getting involved in the politics , " he said .	" We are not getting involved in the politics , " he said .	pos_neg	11970
This is the case with Priority Pass .	This is not the case with Priority Pass .	pos_neg	11971
Sentencing within days of arrest is unusual in Greece .	Sentencing within days of arrest is not unusual in Greece .	pos_neg	11972
Afterward , I knew what to feel .	Afterward , I did not know what to feel .	pos_neg	11973
" * " He was well respected .	" * " He was not well respected .	pos_neg	11974
Palestinian response to Olmert 's remarks was immediately available .	Palestinian response to Olmert 's remarks was not immediately available .	pos_neg	11975
, said serious side effects had occurred from treatments at its centers .	, said serious side effects had not occurred from treatments at its centers .	pos_neg	11976
The waiter , it turned out , had slept so well .	The waiter , it turned out , had not slept so well .	pos_neg	11977
And it was just the heat .	And it was not just the heat .	pos_neg	11978
No wonder he is marketing your house aggressively .	No wonder he is not marketing your house aggressively .	pos_neg	11979
The study revealed why secondhand smoke influenced failure on school tests .	The study did not reveal why secondhand smoke influenced failure on school tests .	pos_neg	11980
No wonder they sell beer at the circus .	No wonder they do not sell beer at the circus .	pos_neg	11981
Massey is unusual .	Massey is not unusual .	pos_neg	11982
But Adair 's literary game is about bland copycatting .	But Adair 's literary game is not about bland copycatting .	pos_neg	11983
The following team purports to be definitive .	The following team does not purport to be definitive .	pos_neg	11984
Last night the immediate cause of the announcement was clear .	Last night the immediate cause of the announcement was not clear .	pos_neg	11985
CNN reported it was known whether the boy took his own life .	CNN reported it was not known whether the boy took his own life .	pos_neg	11986
Arizona St. And expect your husband to mind-read your task lists .	Arizona St. And do not expect your husband to mind-read your task lists .	pos_neg	11987
He was going to .	He was not going to .	pos_neg	11988
" Biggie was all street , " he explained .	" Biggie was not all street , " he explained .	pos_neg	11989
And the numbers of police are enough .	And the numbers of police are not enough .	pos_neg	11990
That is what we are in the business of doing .	That is not what we are in the business of doing .	pos_neg	11991
" I want to be highfalutin , " he said .	" I do not want to be highfalutin , " he said .	pos_neg	11992
Police are treating his death as suspicious .	Police are not treating his death as suspicious .	pos_neg	11993
And they are the only ones .	And they are not the only ones .	pos_neg	11994
She is involved in the case against Graham .	She is not involved in the case against Graham .	pos_neg	11995
And they have to deal with parking .	And they do not have to deal with parking .	pos_neg	11996
That is why they allow a McDonald 's there .	That is why they do not allow a McDonald 's there .	pos_neg	11997
She is an extremely open artist , but she is heedless .	She is an extremely open artist , but she is not heedless .	pos_neg	11998
But I go around murdering people 's work .	But I do not go around murdering people 's work .	pos_neg	11999
Taxes of 10.5 percent are included .	Taxes of 10.5 percent are not included .	pos_neg	12000
The problem is a lack of ideas .	The problem is not a lack of ideas .	pos_neg	12001
The growing chill seems to deter the natives .	The growing chill does not seem to deter the natives .	pos_neg	12002
And it took long for word to spread .	And it did not take long for word to spread .	pos_neg	12003
He shares that concern .	He does not share that concern .	pos_neg	12004
They are the people who perpetrate outrages like Virginia Tech .	They are not the people who perpetrate outrages like Virginia Tech .	pos_neg	12005
But it is the only reason for sticking to the handouts .	But it is not the only reason for sticking to the handouts .	pos_neg	12006
It was clear how the robbery occurred .	It was not clear how the robbery occurred .	pos_neg	12007
Buffett is known as the Oracle of Omaha for nothing .	Buffett is not known as the Oracle of Omaha for nothing .	pos_neg	12008
His identity has been released .	His identity has not been released .	pos_neg	12009
At the time , though , the record almost made it .	At the time , though , the record almost did not make it .	pos_neg	12010
Going green is a panacea for every struggling farmer .	Going green is not a panacea for every struggling farmer .	pos_neg	12011
As for the men playing gotcha , I am so sure .	As for the men playing gotcha , I am not so sure .	pos_neg	12012
The manager , Mitch Ellis , responded to a telephone message .	The manager , Mitch Ellis , did not respond to a telephone message .	pos_neg	12013
He was a Big Brother , Daily Star kind of DJ .	He was not a Big Brother , Daily Star kind of DJ .	pos_neg	12014
Others were .	Others were not .	pos_neg	12015
These bands need to take all their cues from secular rock .	These bands do not need to take all their cues from secular rock .	pos_neg	12016
It is power , ultimately , given away .	It is not power , ultimately , given away .	pos_neg	12017
, offered specific expectations for full-year financial performance .	, did not offer specific expectations for full-year financial performance .	pos_neg	12018
She played cute or look lost , helpless .	She did not play cute or look lost , helpless .	pos_neg	12019
It is all our fault because the building is old .	It is not all our fault because the building is old .	pos_neg	12020
It was clear whether the planes were on a reconnaissance mission .	It was not clear whether the planes were on a reconnaissance mission .	pos_neg	12021
But he came to participate .	But he did not come to participate .	pos_neg	12022
Island strife Hamas is involved in those talks .	Island strife Hamas is not involved in those talks .	pos_neg	12023
" I never know who gets hurt , " Lange said .	" I never know who does not get hurt , " Lange said .	pos_neg	12024
It was completed in May ; it is pending .	It was completed in May ; it is not pending .	pos_neg	12025
' " We want to be entertained .	' " We do not want to be entertained .	pos_neg	12026
There was enough for everyone .	There was not enough for everyone .	pos_neg	12027
No , the general was dabbling in grand meta-commentary .	No , the general was not dabbling in grand meta-commentary .	pos_neg	12028
I am saying it is perfect .	I am not saying it is perfect .	pos_neg	12029
Residuals for the digital media was mentioned in the studios ' statement .	Residuals for the digital media was not mentioned in the studios ' statement .	pos_neg	12030
The military released the soldier 's identity or nationality .	The military did not release the soldier 's identity or nationality .	pos_neg	12031
Even level on points we had a good goal-difference .	Even level on points we did not have a good goal-difference .	pos_neg	12032
If you have caught it by now , you never will .	If you have not caught it by now , you never will .	pos_neg	12033
But alas , it was to be .	But alas , it was not to be .	pos_neg	12034
Israelis believe rumors .	Israelis do not believe rumors .	pos_neg	12035
Finding uncertified companies feeding the market is difficult .	Finding uncertified companies feeding the market is not difficult .	pos_neg	12036
Humor is the only benefit of being close neighbors .	Humor is not the only benefit of being close neighbors .	pos_neg	12037
He is heard it , and he is quitting .	He is heard it , and he is not quitting .	pos_neg	12038
The speed of the Cadillac has been determined .	The speed of the Cadillac has not been determined .	pos_neg	12039
We just know what to do .	We just do not know what to do .	pos_neg	12040
" I think incentives are necessary , " he said .	" I do not think incentives are necessary , " he said .	pos_neg	12041
" That is going to happen , " Kennedy told the newspaper .	" That is not going to happen , " Kennedy told the newspaper .	pos_neg	12042
We need more heat in Washington , we need more light .	We do not need more heat in Washington , we need more light .	pos_neg	12043
Yet Europe 's ... The new advisers minced words .	Yet Europe 's ... The new advisers did not mince words .	pos_neg	12044
These teenagers had no criminal record .	These teenagers did not have no criminal record .	pos_neg	12045
But most teenagers understandably are thrilled at more parental control .	But most teenagers understandably are not thrilled at more parental control .	pos_neg	12046
I have a special program for one group or another .	I do not have a special program for one group or another .	pos_neg	12047
The lease specifies a penalty for breaking this rule .	The lease does not specify a penalty for breaking this rule .	pos_neg	12048
But those prosecutors pursued the matter .	But those prosecutors did not pursue the matter .	pos_neg	12049
It is like we have more important work .	It is not like we have more important work .	pos_neg	12050
" I want that for myself , " Deborah said .	" I do not want that for myself , " Deborah said .	pos_neg	12051
Forward-looking statements are guarantees of performance .	Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance .	pos_neg	12052
LeFevour was done .	LeFevour was not done .	pos_neg	12053
The financial terms were disclosed .	The financial terms were not disclosed .	pos_neg	12054
Yet they dim this production 's vibrancy .	Yet they do not dim this production 's vibrancy .	pos_neg	12055
Frocks and fashion are what I usually write about .	Frocks and fashion are not what I usually write about .	pos_neg	12056
Al-Maliki attended the meeting , a spokesman said .	Al-Maliki did not attend the meeting , a spokesman said .	pos_neg	12057
But some Republicans were impressed .	But some Republicans were not impressed .	pos_neg	12058
But the FCC is just taking Verizon 's word for it .	But the FCC is not just taking Verizon 's word for it .	pos_neg	12059
But Burma is party to the International Criminal Court .	But Burma is not party to the International Criminal Court .	pos_neg	12060
He told you what he thought you wanted to hear .	He did not tell you what he thought you wanted to hear .	pos_neg	12061
But their squabbling takes over when they are in bed .	But their squabbling takes over when they are not in bed .	pos_neg	12062
She mentioned her children or their incredible vegetable intake once .	She did not mention her children or their incredible vegetable intake once .	pos_neg	12063
" " I am a wise-guy or a rogue .	" " I am not a wise-guy or a rogue .	pos_neg	12064
It was supposed to be .	It was not supposed to be .	pos_neg	12065
It was known what happened to them after their arrests .	It was not known what happened to them after their arrests .	pos_neg	12066
The full force is expected to be on the ground before mid-2008 .	The full force is not expected to be on the ground before mid-2008 .	pos_neg	12067
His answer : Simple , he is telling .	His answer : Simple , he is not telling .	pos_neg	12068
The name of the officer was immediately released .	The name of the officer was not immediately released .	pos_neg	12069
It is clear how many .	It is not clear how many .	pos_neg	12070
" " I was surprised by Bristol .	" " I was not surprised by Bristol .	pos_neg	12071
It is that complicated .	It is not that complicated .	pos_neg	12072
The airline flies passengers .	The airline does not fly passengers .	pos_neg	12073
Such a delay is unusual .	Such a delay is not unusual .	pos_neg	12074
Has ruled himself out .	Has not ruled himself out .	pos_neg	12075
Montgomery took the stand in her own defense .	Montgomery did not take the stand in her own defense .	pos_neg	12076
Overcrowded prisons and early release of criminals are inevitable .	Overcrowded prisons and early release of criminals are not inevitable .	pos_neg	12077
Toxicology results were expected for at least a month .	Toxicology results were not expected for at least a month .	pos_neg	12078
The response Smith got is unusual .	The response Smith got is not unusual .	pos_neg	12079
Comp-Att-Int 27-51-0 9-11-0 They like it .	Comp-Att-Int 27-51-0 9-11-0 They do not like it .	pos_neg	12080
The gun that DeOnt ¿ allegedly used has been found .	The gun that DeOnt ¿ allegedly used has not been found .	pos_neg	12081
Profarma 's non-financial information has been revised by the external auditors .	Profarma 's non-financial information has not been revised by the external auditors .	pos_neg	12082
When you have wind , the local pollution cannot disperse .	When you do not have wind , the local pollution cannot disperse .	pos_neg	12083
" I think the doctor is guilty , " she said .	" I do not think the doctor is guilty , " she said .	pos_neg	12084
" I am going to racially profile employees , " he said .	" I am not going to racially profile employees , " he said .	pos_neg	12085
I see that .	I do not see that .	pos_neg	12086
There is enough staff .	There is not enough staff .	pos_neg	12087
" Iraq is exactly helpless , " Richardson said .	" Iraq is not exactly helpless , " Richardson said .	pos_neg	12088
That has all changed , exactly .	That has not all changed , exactly .	pos_neg	12089
The 75 of our colleagues understand .	The 75 of our colleagues do not understand .	pos_neg	12090
The statement gave additional information about the shuttle service .	The statement did not give additional information about the shuttle service .	pos_neg	12091
But this is true .	But this is not true .	pos_neg	12092
You pass Carnoustie 's front door .	You do not pass Carnoustie 's front door .	pos_neg	12093
Under Maryland 's definition , Crossland is considered persistently dangerous .	Under Maryland 's definition , Crossland is not considered persistently dangerous .	pos_neg	12094
30 , has practiced this week .	30 , has not practiced this week .	pos_neg	12095
The Dragons were finished though and responded immediately .	The Dragons were not finished though and responded immediately .	pos_neg	12096
It is one right versus another .	It is not one right versus another .	pos_neg	12097
She was sure .	She was not sure .	pos_neg	12098
The benefits were only economic , according to the study .	The benefits were not only economic , according to the study .	pos_neg	12099
Whatever I tried , it just worked .	Whatever I tried , it just did not work .	pos_neg	12100
Though the move to this picturesque location is without its controversies .	Though the move to this picturesque location is not without its controversies .	pos_neg	12101
Vancouver 's Roberto Luongo , however , is one of them .	Vancouver 's Roberto Luongo , however , is not one of them .	pos_neg	12102
That is how Mr. Nacco would describe the Wall roundabout .	That is not how Mr. Nacco would describe the Wall roundabout .	pos_neg	12103
Business is just booming for dance teachers .	Business is not just booming for dance teachers .	pos_neg	12104
It is an allegory , a satire or a commentary .	It is not an allegory , a satire or a commentary .	pos_neg	12105
That choice was made in ignorance .	That choice was not made in ignorance .	pos_neg	12106
Motorcoaches are nice and melt our ice .	Motorcoaches are nice and do not melt our ice .	pos_neg	12107
And it is going to .	And it is not going to .	pos_neg	12108
DEUTSCH : I agree with that .	DEUTSCH : I do not agree with that .	pos_neg	12109
It is rocket science to figure out the difference .	It is not rocket science to figure out the difference .	pos_neg	12110
I know what he will say .	I do not know what he will say .	pos_neg	12111
I laughed , before I realised he was joking .	I laughed , before I realised he was not joking .	pos_neg	12112
But the bill passed by Congress went that far .	But the bill passed by Congress did not go that far .	pos_neg	12113
Wal-Mart offers romance , wedding I know where to start .	Wal-Mart offers romance , wedding I do not know where to start .	pos_neg	12114
It was common sense .	It was not common sense .	pos_neg	12115
" Gratitude is for everyone , " she said .	" Gratitude is not for everyone , " she said .	pos_neg	12116
But Deb was the only one dabbing her not-so dry eyes .	But Deb was not the only one dabbing her not-so dry eyes .	pos_neg	12117
It was money he was prepared to spend .	It was money he was not prepared to spend .	pos_neg	12118
The OPM data include bonuses awarded under different laws .	The OPM data do not includes bonuses awarded under different laws .	pos_neg	12119
Wedge issues are entirely absent from Tuesday 's tickets .	Wedge issues are not entirely absent from Tuesday 's tickets .	pos_neg	12120
It is easy to say " Fire Isiah Thomas " over this .	It is not easy to say " Fire Isiah Thomas " over this .	pos_neg	12121
Aguirre knew the exact time or location of the crash .	Aguirre did not know the exact time or location of the crash .	pos_neg	12122
Quickly spraying and wiping is effective .	Quickly spraying and wiping is not effective .	pos_neg	12123
That is why I look to the cameras .	That is why I do not look to the cameras .	pos_neg	12124
I have a laptop , so I took the whole thing .	I do not have a laptop , so I took the whole thing .	pos_neg	12125
It has gone to trial .	It has not gone to trial .	pos_neg	12126
Help comes free , I felt like telling her .	Help does not come free , I felt like telling her .	pos_neg	12127
But the effects have been uniform .	But the effects have not been uniform .	pos_neg	12128
But the satisfaction was complete .	But the satisfaction was not complete .	pos_neg	12129
Just shoot the messenger .	Just do not shoot the messenger .	pos_neg	12130
Interfax cited a single security source whom it named .	Interfax cited a single security source whom it did not name .	pos_neg	12131
Like others I spoke with , he wanted to be identified .	Like others I spoke with , he did not want to be identified .	pos_neg	12132
Foote seemed to notice .	Foote did not seem to notice .	pos_neg	12133
It is poor Monica .	It is not poor Monica .	pos_neg	12134
Next step But white counts in my book .	Next step But white does not count in my book .	pos_neg	12135
The Reserve Bank was available for comment .	The Reserve Bank was not available for comment .	pos_neg	12136
" " I was upset .	" " I was not upset .	pos_neg	12137
I am thinking a lot of guys wanted to take control .	I am thinking a lot of guys did not want to take control .	pos_neg	12138
" He is easily frightened , " she says .	" He is not easily frightened , " she says .	pos_neg	12139
Life with the Hansons ' team has been easy .	Life with the Hansons ' team has not been easy .	pos_neg	12140
Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson 's plans were immediately available .	Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson 's plans were not immediately available .	pos_neg	12141
These tales are unusual .	These tales are not unusual .	pos_neg	12142
Of course , young immortals think so darkly .	Of course , young immortals do not think so darkly .	pos_neg	12143
Chances that Nissan has taken in the past have always worked .	Chances that Nissan has taken in the past have not always worked .	pos_neg	12144
Orth returned phone calls and an e-mail message Monday night .	Orth did not return phone calls and an e-mail message Monday night .	pos_neg	12145
We have one in my room where I work .	We do not have one in my room where I work .	pos_neg	12146
Governments raise children - people do .	Governments do not raise children - people do .	pos_neg	12147
It is that imperative right now .	It is not that imperative right now .	pos_neg	12148
That is a hunch .	That is not a hunch .	pos_neg	12149
It was immediately known if the two men had attorneys .	It was not immediately known if the two men had attorneys .	pos_neg	12150
Their team has changed vastly from the one we played in March .	Their team has not changed vastly from the one we played in March .	pos_neg	12151
I surely was in my best form .	I surely was not in my best form .	pos_neg	12152
" We have pitched well , " Leyland said .	" We have not pitched well , " Leyland said .	pos_neg	12153
A lot of us were here in 2003 .	A lot of us were not here in 2003 .	pos_neg	12154
American officials who support herbicide use dismiss such concerns .	American officials who support herbicide use do not dismiss such concerns .	pos_neg	12155
It is like us .	It is not like us .	pos_neg	12156
But forget about black .	But do not forget about black .	pos_neg	12157
" I think this will be forgotten , " she said .	" I do not think this will be forgotten , " she said .	pos_neg	12158
Having the PMP credential is a prerequisite for obtaining the PgMP credential .	Having the PMP credential is not a prerequisite for obtaining the PgMP credential .	pos_neg	12159
The family got cash back .	The family did not get cash back .	pos_neg	12160
Also , sarcasm is a good idea .	Also , sarcasm is not a good idea .	pos_neg	12161
She disclosed what she plans to do afterward .	She did not disclose what she plans to do afterward .	pos_neg	12162
The cause of death has been determined .	The cause of death has not been determined .	pos_neg	12163
" They are fearing death , " Yue said .	" They are not fearing death , " Yue said .	pos_neg	12164
He was taken into custody , an officer said .	He was not taken into custody , an officer said .	pos_neg	12165
This is a new story .	This is not a new story .	pos_neg	12166
The drop in her average , however , counted .	The drop in her average , however , did not count .	pos_neg	12167
You have to intervene for karma to kick in .	You do not have to intervene for karma to kick in .	pos_neg	12168
He had further details .	He did not have further details .	pos_neg	12169
Lafayette was put off for long by his rude welcome .	Lafayette was not put off for long by his rude welcome .	pos_neg	12170
We know we saw this last year .	We know we did not see this last year .	pos_neg	12171
" " This was elective surgery .	" " This was not elective surgery .	pos_neg	12172
Authorities have released the names of the victims .	Authorities have not released the names of the victims .	pos_neg	12173
Big sister Paris was at the show .	Big sister Paris was not at the show .	pos_neg	12174
They go to school .	They do not go to school .	pos_neg	12175
I know what to say .	I do not know what to say .	pos_neg	12176
You have to buy the big names in the posh galleries .	You do not have to buy the big names in the posh galleries .	pos_neg	12177
But I minded .	But I did not mind .	pos_neg	12178
I know if it has a chance .	I do not know if it has a chance .	pos_neg	12179
Phillips said he initially saw what Owens had done .	Phillips said he initially did not see what Owens had done .	pos_neg	12180
" I am afraid , " he said .	" I am not afraid , " he said .	pos_neg	12181
I get the controversy around this .	I do not get the controversy around this .	pos_neg	12182
I need to do that .	I do not need to do that .	pos_neg	12183
The employees have had a raise in almost three years .	The employees have not had a raise in almost three years .	pos_neg	12184
- inside of her she wants to hurt .	- inside of her she does not want to hurt .	pos_neg	12185
It is a complicated procedure .	It is not a complicated procedure .	pos_neg	12186
It was immediately clear when the body would be exhumed .	It was not immediately clear when the body would be exhumed .	pos_neg	12187
He moved his right arm .	He did not move his right arm .	pos_neg	12188
But the stain of the trial is likely to soon fade .	But the stain of the trial is not likely to soon fade .	pos_neg	12189
The offer was accepted , the authority said .	The offer was not accepted , the authority said .	pos_neg	12190
I had the bad form of that arthritis SNP .	I did not have the bad form of that arthritis SNP .	pos_neg	12191
NBC Direct Beta Is Quite Ready for Primetime About Intrusion Inc .	NBC Direct Beta Is Not Quite Ready for Primetime About Intrusion Inc .	pos_neg	12192
In these cynical days , voters are interested in uplift .	In these cynical days , voters are not interested in uplift .	pos_neg	12193
The strikes also were well-supported to begin with .	The strikes also were not well-supported to begin with .	pos_neg	12194
Kissing is the only sign of being confident and relaxed .	Kissing is not the only sign of being confident and relaxed .	pos_neg	12195
Opponents were immediately available for comment on the decision .	Opponents were not immediately available for comment on the decision .	pos_neg	12196
Second , even if there is one , find another way home .	Second , even if there is not one , find another way home .	pos_neg	12197
Purdue has allowed a first-half touchdown since its season opener against Toledo .	Purdue has not allowed a first-half touchdown since its season opener against Toledo .	pos_neg	12198
I care if it is 10 o 'clock at night .	I do not care if it is 10 o 'clock at night .	pos_neg	12199
He is the only one .	He is not the only one .	pos_neg	12200
The show was renewed after CBS broadcast two seasons of it .	The show was not renewed after CBS broadcast two seasons of it .	pos_neg	12201
Awards for poets are few and far between ; little indignities are .	Awards for poets are few and far between ; little indignities are not .	pos_neg	12202
And we are going to let those problems continue .	And we are not going to let those problems continue .	pos_neg	12203
It is a shame " Lions " is a better film .	It is a shame " Lions " is not a better film .	pos_neg	12204
The craftsmanship was impressive : the seams shredded .	The craftsmanship was impressive : the seams did not shred .	pos_neg	12205
But he is a repeat offender , and I like that .	But he is a repeat offender , and I do not like that .	pos_neg	12206
You Can 't Go Home Again They are thrill-seekers .	You Can 't Go Home Again They are not thrill-seekers .	pos_neg	12207
It was because of politics -- it was because of money .	It was not because of politics -- it was because of money .	pos_neg	12208
That happens in other countries .	That does not happen in other countries .	pos_neg	12209
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were immediately available for comment .	Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	12210
He maintains that the job is as difficult as it might seem .	He maintains that the job is not as difficult as it might seem .	pos_neg	12211
The rank and file were impressed .	The rank and file were not impressed .	pos_neg	12212
The remains have been identified .	The remains have not been identified .	pos_neg	12213
I was being brave .	I was not being brave .	pos_neg	12214
The Government simply saw it as an issue for the public .	The Government simply did not see it as an issue for the public .	pos_neg	12215
Tonight the central concern is politics but music .	Tonight the central concern is not politics but music .	pos_neg	12216
But she packed it in .	But she did not pack it in .	pos_neg	12217
I want to be brought down .	I do not want to be brought down .	pos_neg	12218
And it has just been a case of democracy helping religion .	And it has not just been a case of democracy helping religion .	pos_neg	12219
You bet your life it has .	You bet your life it has not .	pos_neg	12220
This is Mahindra 's first foray into Britain .	This is not Mahindra 's first foray into Britain .	pos_neg	12221
Building a pipeline for the money to follow is easy , however .	Building a pipeline for the money to follow is not easy , however .	pos_neg	12222
Horror stories regarding use of deteriorated helmets are uncommon .	Horror stories regarding use of deteriorated helmets are not uncommon .	pos_neg	12223
So it is good for the people that aren 't insured .	So it is not good for the people that aren 't insured .	pos_neg	12224
Joe Loya , Ramos ' father-in-law , said the indictment was surprising .	Joe Loya , Ramos ' father-in-law , said the indictment was not surprising .	pos_neg	12225
Bacteria are people , of course .	Bacteria are not people , of course .	pos_neg	12226
It is one that is going to ignite developers .	It is not one that is going to ignite developers .	pos_neg	12227
Eli Manning is a good quarterback , but he is hungry .	Eli Manning is a good quarterback , but he is not hungry .	pos_neg	12228
Almontaser responded to requests for an interview .	Almontaser did not respond to requests for an interview .	pos_neg	12229
I think we are getting enough running calls .	I do not think we are getting enough running calls .	pos_neg	12230
I am stressed out on a few shots .	I am not stressed out on a few shots .	pos_neg	12231
Well , it turns out that giant pumpkins taste very good .	Well , it turns out that giant pumpkins do not taste very good .	pos_neg	12232
The auction house was contactable Saturday .	The auction house was not contactable Saturday .	pos_neg	12233
But Target ships to Canadian customers and has no Canadian stores .	But Target does not ship to Canadian customers and has no Canadian stores .	pos_neg	12234
Riyadh has publicly committed but is expected to send an envoy .	Riyadh has not publicly committed but is expected to send an envoy .	pos_neg	12235
Akbar was just tolerant .	Akbar was not just tolerant .	pos_neg	12236
We need compulsion for those for whom school is purgatory .	We do not need compulsion for those for whom school is purgatory .	pos_neg	12237
Castor said officials think others were involved .	Castor said officials do not think others were involved .	pos_neg	12238
" It was right , " Cales said .	" It was not right , " Cales said .	pos_neg	12239
The British want closer integration , but more independence .	The British do not want closer integration , but more independence .	pos_neg	12240
Such hotels were just stage sets .	Such hotels were not just stage sets .	pos_neg	12241
But Smith was too impressed with what he had accomplished .	But Smith was not too impressed with what he had accomplished .	pos_neg	12242
What I see fitting in that definition is pain-killing through replacement .	What I do not see fitting in that definition is pain-killing through replacement .	pos_neg	12243
But me , personally , I am moved .	But me , personally , I am not moved .	pos_neg	12244
But that day , he implied , was a Grand Slam Sunday .	But that day , he implied , was not a Grand Slam Sunday .	pos_neg	12245
I am supposed to be a stick figure girl .	I am not supposed to be a stick figure girl .	pos_neg	12246
It is just here .	It is not just here .	pos_neg	12247
Interesting music tells us to be good or bad .	Interesting music does not tell us to be good or bad .	pos_neg	12248
I am going to talk about what the program was .	I am not going to talk about what the program was .	pos_neg	12249
Tony responded ; he had hung up several minutes back .	Tony did not respond ; he had hung up several minutes back .	pos_neg	12250
Actually , she has .	Actually , she has not .	pos_neg	12251
As I have said , I left the house .	As I have said , I did not leave the house .	pos_neg	12252
America as a secure middle-class economy jumped .	America as a secure middle-class economy did not jump .	pos_neg	12253
They go 10 minutes without consulting , correcting or chortling .	They do not go 10 minutes without consulting , correcting or chortling .	pos_neg	12254
He was , as he claimed , an American from New Orleans .	He was not , as he claimed , an American from New Orleans .	pos_neg	12255
But snow is in the long-range forecast for Denver , Warner said .	But snow is not in the long-range forecast for Denver , Warner said .	pos_neg	12256
" " I have empirical data .	" " I do not have empirical data .	pos_neg	12257
He is there .	He is not there .	pos_neg	12258
But that matters .	But that does not matter .	pos_neg	12259
We were allowed to use them .	We were not allowed to use them .	pos_neg	12260
The Company He was stupid .	The Company He was not stupid .	pos_neg	12261
That is because he objects to religion , he said .	That is not because he objects to religion , he said .	pos_neg	12262
It is third grade .	It is not third grade .	pos_neg	12263
The NRA supported him or his Democratic rival .	The NRA did not support him or his Democratic rival .	pos_neg	12264
I think there is a set way to do it .	I do not think there is a set way to do it .	pos_neg	12265
But sometimes he gives me the puck .	But sometimes he does not give me the puck .	pos_neg	12266
I really need this .	I really do not need this .	pos_neg	12267
Police said they were sure who now owned the memorabilia .	Police said they were not sure who now owned the memorabilia .	pos_neg	12268
" I offer instantaneous solutions , " he said .	" I do not offer instantaneous solutions , " he said .	pos_neg	12269
Now , she is dating , though she has a boyfriend .	Now , she is dating , though she does not have a boyfriend .	pos_neg	12270
He provided a timeframe for the project .	He did not provide a timeframe for the project .	pos_neg	12271
This is the right time .	This is not the right time .	pos_neg	12272
Rehnquist was impressed with Bill Clinton and his wife .	Rehnquist was not impressed with Bill Clinton and his wife .	pos_neg	12273
I think the country honours us properly .	I do not think the country honours us properly .	pos_neg	12274
This news was really shocking but it was distressing .	This news was not really shocking but it was distressing .	pos_neg	12275
" We have a business projection , " he said .	" We do not have a business projection , " he said .	pos_neg	12276
Alas , the FDLR has disintegrated .	Alas , the FDLR has not disintegrated .	pos_neg	12277
The furious networking was subtle .	The furious networking was not subtle .	pos_neg	12278
" " No , it is a frustration with it .	" " No , it is not a frustration with it .	pos_neg	12279
WellCare elaborated on what was being sought .	WellCare did not elaborate on what was being sought .	pos_neg	12280
Moreover , the Blackpool package amounts to a tax policy .	Moreover , the Blackpool package does not amount to a tax policy .	pos_neg	12281
But her life has been without a few dark episodes .	But her life has not been without a few dark episodes .	pos_neg	12282
But it is too late !	But it is not too late !	pos_neg	12283
Tobin was expected to return to Saughton Prison on Thursday .	Tobin was not expected to return to Saughton Prison on Thursday .	pos_neg	12284
Minasian sews the letters on the shirt himself .	Minasian does not sew the letters on the shirt himself .	pos_neg	12285
Authorities released information on their conditions .	Authorities did not release information on their conditions .	pos_neg	12286
" " I am going anywhere .	" " I am not going anywhere .	pos_neg	12287
Powell though was happy with his race .	Powell though was not happy with his race .	pos_neg	12288
I advocate homophobia .	I do not advocate homophobia .	pos_neg	12289
I know how realistic that is .	I do not know how realistic that is .	pos_neg	12290
That is an opinion .	That is not an opinion .	pos_neg	12291
" " The world has welcomed Ahmadinejad 's hardline approach .	" " The world has not welcomed Ahmadinejad 's hardline approach .	pos_neg	12292
" The rule of thumb is you say " no .	" The rule of thumb is you do not say " no .	pos_neg	12293
I am a superlecherous guy .	I am not a superlecherous guy .	pos_neg	12294
Police said they tried to disperse the protest because it was licensed .	Police said they tried to disperse the protest because it was not licensed .	pos_neg	12295
The police released information on possible motives for the shooting .	The police did not release information on possible motives for the shooting .	pos_neg	12296
That is in my budget .	That is not in my budget .	pos_neg	12297
He does homework .	He does not do homework .	pos_neg	12298
Guns kill people , he and Michelle replied .	Guns do not kill people , he and Michelle replied .	pos_neg	12299
Sharif is a stranger to federal law enforcement officials .	Sharif is not a stranger to federal law enforcement officials .	pos_neg	12300
It is a dream .	It is not a dream .	pos_neg	12301
Police fired shots in the air after teargas worked .	Police fired shots in the air after teargas did not work .	pos_neg	12302
It is only in New York where the cracks are showing .	It is not only in New York where the cracks are showing .	pos_neg	12303
I know it is appropriate .	I know it is not appropriate .	pos_neg	12304
" This is a debate , " said MTV spokesman Ian Rowe .	" This is not a debate , " said MTV spokesman Ian Rowe .	pos_neg	12305
To be sure , all is well for Second Life .	To be sure , all is not well for Second Life .	pos_neg	12306
Randomness is easy .	Randomness is not easy .	pos_neg	12307
Warriors-Nets , Box I know what to do .	Warriors-Nets , Box I do not know what to do .	pos_neg	12308
He was my kind of signing .	He was not my kind of signing .	pos_neg	12309
Police believe the cat was harmed but are continuing to investigate .	Police do not believe the cat was harmed but are continuing to investigate .	pos_neg	12310
The Los Angeles-based Gehry Partners returned calls seeking comment .	The Los Angeles-based Gehry Partners did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	12311
But that means it 'll never happen .	But that does not mean it 'll never happen .	pos_neg	12312
You 're kidding .	You 're not kidding .	pos_neg	12313
Calls to Heigl 's publicist were immediately returned .	Calls to Heigl 's publicist were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	12314
This is that judgment that I am passing here .	This is not that judgment that I am passing here .	pos_neg	12315
" This is a line extension for us , " commented Cadoux .	" This is not a line extension for us , " commented Cadoux .	pos_neg	12316
The police originally named the company involved .	The police originally did not name the company involved .	pos_neg	12317
San Francisco is an isolated case .	San Francisco is not an isolated case .	pos_neg	12318
I fought a good fight .	I did not fight a good fight .	pos_neg	12319
Red rocks and snow at Bryce Canyon Restaurants have 45-minute waits .	Red rocks and snow at Bryce Canyon Restaurants do not have 45-minute waits .	pos_neg	12320
But that argument has resonated this year .	But that argument has not resonated this year .	pos_neg	12321
Representatives from Amazon were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Amazon were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	12322
It was exactly a sign that we are valued .	It was not exactly a sign that we are valued .	pos_neg	12323
Police have released his name or other information about him .	Police have not released his name or other information about him .	pos_neg	12324
PDT Wednesday and then was heard from again .	PDT Wednesday and then was not heard from again .	pos_neg	12325
And yet , she says , immigrants have to learn English .	And yet , she says , immigrants do not have to learn English .	pos_neg	12326
The games that we have played have gone like that .	The games that we have played have not gone like that .	pos_neg	12327
It was candy-colored nor rooted in nature 's neutral colors .	It was not candy-colored nor rooted in nature 's neutral colors .	pos_neg	12328
Bartlett 's assments were all negative of course .	Bartlett 's assments were not all negative of course .	pos_neg	12329
" This is an extreme district , " said Oleszek , 60 .	" This is not an extreme district , " said Oleszek , 60 .	pos_neg	12330
It is their settings , nor their syntax .	It is not their settings , nor their syntax .	pos_neg	12331
But it was just Humphreys feeling the pressure .	But it was not just Humphreys feeling the pressure .	pos_neg	12332
The Saltire is the SNP flag , it is the Scottish flag .	The Saltire is not the SNP flag , it is the Scottish flag .	pos_neg	12333
Republicans promise tax cuts and people pretend those pledges are absurd .	Republicans promise tax cuts and people pretend those pledges are not absurd .	pos_neg	12334
Medical emergency Repair rates for the two types are directly comparable .	Medical emergency Repair rates for the two types are not directly comparable .	pos_neg	12335
An after-hours call to Salinas ' spokeswoman was immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Salinas ' spokeswoman was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	12336
they are addressing the underlying issue .	they are not addressing the underlying issue .	pos_neg	12337
One lender has a coup on the magic loan program .	One lender does not have a coup on the magic loan program .	pos_neg	12338
" I smoked all the time , " she says .	" I did not smoke all the time , " she says .	pos_neg	12339
Their budgets have benefited , even if viewers and readers probably have .	Their budgets have benefited , even if viewers and readers probably have not .	pos_neg	12340
That the political cycles are infinite , but the eggs are .	That the political cycles are infinite , but the eggs are not .	pos_neg	12341
They have the foggiest idea what makes these people tick .	They do not have the foggiest idea what makes these people tick .	pos_neg	12342
It saved him £ 230 And forget birds made of tofu .	It saved him £ 230 And do not forget birds made of tofu .	pos_neg	12343
But it was clear within weeks that these were working .	But it was clear within weeks that these were not working .	pos_neg	12344
If the marines were thinking about that , they showed it .	If the marines were thinking about that , they did not show it .	pos_neg	12345
It worked , but this is still a great song .	It did not work , but this is still a great song .	pos_neg	12346
Rutan responded to e-mails seeking additional comment .	Rutan did not respond to e-mails seeking additional comment .	pos_neg	12347
It was supposed to be this way .	It was not supposed to be this way .	pos_neg	12348
This is a legal transcript for purposes of litigation .	This is not a legal transcript for purposes of litigation .	pos_neg	12349
When a person is on their last legs , they think .	When a person is on their last legs , they do not think .	pos_neg	12350
I have never met a panda , but I respect them .	I have never met a panda , but I do not respect them .	pos_neg	12351
Arenas has struggled , but he is alone .	Arenas has struggled , but he is not alone .	pos_neg	12352
Others were as impressed .	Others were not as impressed .	pos_neg	12353
The Hershey Trust requested their resignations .	The Hershey Trust did not request their resignations .	pos_neg	12354
In terms of using portable heaters , sure , they are .	In terms of using portable heaters , sure , they are not .	pos_neg	12355
" They are chasing the PKK , " Slevkani said .	" They are not chasing the PKK , " Slevkani said .	pos_neg	12356
The poor Cubs have made it to the World Series since 1945 .	The poor Cubs have not made it to the World Series since 1945 .	pos_neg	12357
But over the past four years it has been that way .	But over the past four years it has not been that way .	pos_neg	12358
" I see them losing a game , " he said .	" I do not see them losing a game , " he said .	pos_neg	12359
But it is doing a lot now .	But it is not doing a lot now .	pos_neg	12360
These people respected reading .	These people did not respect reading .	pos_neg	12361
Yi likes the comparisons to Yao .	Yi does not like the comparisons to Yao .	pos_neg	12362
Mr. Weiss returned a telephone call yesterday to his office .	Mr. Weiss did not return a telephone call yesterday to his office .	pos_neg	12363
Other black classmates say their backgrounds mattered .	Other black classmates say their backgrounds did not matter .	pos_neg	12364
Musharraf , though , is alone in that respect , Masood said .	Musharraf , though , is not alone in that respect , Masood said .	pos_neg	12365
Spears was present for the arraignment .	Spears was not present for the arraignment .	pos_neg	12366
The man was injured .	The man was not injured .	pos_neg	12367
But he said he was clear on the evidence .	But he said he was not clear on the evidence .	pos_neg	12368
Veteran D Darryl Sydor dressed for a fourth straight game .	Veteran D Darryl Sydor did not dress for a fourth straight game .	pos_neg	12369
This figure includes an additional $ 350,000 contributed to New Detroit .	This figure does not include an additional $ 350,000 contributed to New Detroit .	pos_neg	12370
" " It is like this is some kind of fluke .	" " It is not like this is some kind of fluke .	pos_neg	12371
WE talk grandmother 's pearls and mother 's debutante gown here .	WE 'RE not talking grandmother 's pearls and mother 's debutante gown here .	pos_neg	12372
Defeat , failure and hopelessness are to be tolerated .	Defeat , failure and hopelessness are not to be tolerated .	pos_neg	12373
Mr. Arbelaez had savings , and the rent was due .	Mr. Arbelaez did not have savings , and the rent was due .	pos_neg	12374
The Russians ' final lift also counted , costing them points .	The Russians ' final lift also did not count , costing them points .	pos_neg	12375
JPMorgan was immediately available for comment .	JPMorgan was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	12376
A lot of people think about that , but they should .	A lot of people do not think about that , but they should .	pos_neg	12377
Fortunately , these infections are new and are preventable .	Fortunately , these infections are not new and are preventable .	pos_neg	12378
Even the most open-armed multilateralist is ready for hanging chads in Chad .	Even the most open-armed multilateralist is not ready for hanging chads in Chad .	pos_neg	12379
" But you asked me , " Phear said , surprised .	" But you did not ask me , " Phear said , surprised .	pos_neg	12380
Ms. Flanagan is so sure .	Ms. Flanagan is not so sure .	pos_neg	12381
" I want them to get sick , " she said .	" I do not want them to get sick , " she said .	pos_neg	12382
It is either done or it is done .	It is either done or it is not done .	pos_neg	12383
This is the sort of material divas of her ilk usually tackle .	This is not the sort of material divas of her ilk usually tackle .	pos_neg	12384
This is the first time that the company has faced discrimination lawsuits .	This is not the first time that the company has faced discrimination lawsuits .	pos_neg	12385
Non-operational deployments involve a fighting role .	Non-operational deployments do not involve a fighting role .	pos_neg	12386
This is just good , it is preparation for the future .	This is not just good , it is preparation for the future .	pos_neg	12387
It is clear what led to the accident .	It is not clear what led to the accident .	pos_neg	12388
People act like Homo economicus .	People do not act like Homo economicus .	pos_neg	12389
" " And it is 20 years off .	" " And it is not 20 years off .	pos_neg	12390
Edwin Spears 's attorney returned a phone call seeking comment .	Edwin Spears 's attorney did not return a phone call seeking comment .	pos_neg	12391
" The same unhappiness when we are successful , " said Todt .	" The same unhappiness when we are not successful , " said Todt .	pos_neg	12392
They have been taken up .	They have not been taken up .	pos_neg	12393
" Unfortunately the government listened to us , " said Dadkhah .	" Unfortunately the government did not listen to us , " said Dadkhah .	pos_neg	12394
And the domestic moggy is far behind .	And the domestic moggy is not far behind .	pos_neg	12395
I like MPS because I cannot move around freely .	I do not like MPS because I cannot move around freely .	pos_neg	12396
We could see we were going to be flashy .	We could see we were not going to be flashy .	pos_neg	12397
The victims ' names have been made public .	The victims ' names have not been made public .	pos_neg	12398
It was clear exactly when the signing took place .	It was not clear exactly when the signing took place .	pos_neg	12399
This needs to change , but precisely how is clear .	This needs to change , but precisely how is not clear .	pos_neg	12400
You have to feel guilty about it .	You do not have to feel guilty about it .	pos_neg	12401
Maier is very keen on leasing .	Maier is not very keen on leasing .	pos_neg	12402
Loudoun wants to be known as a family suburb forever .	Loudoun does not want to be known as a family suburb forever .	pos_neg	12403
The ninth-ranked Nalbandian qualified for the event .	The ninth-ranked Nalbandian did not qualify for the event .	pos_neg	12404
The local clergy were amused .	The local clergy were not amused .	pos_neg	12405
But we are banging the table on that .	But we are not banging the table on that .	pos_neg	12406
So the first 50 films I made I am very proud of .	So the first 50 films I made I am not very proud of .	pos_neg	12407
The latest code of conduct is expected to include proposals regarding taxes .	The latest code of conduct is not expected to include proposals regarding taxes .	pos_neg	12408
The plant 's operators said power generation was affected .	The plant 's operators said power generation was not affected .	pos_neg	12409
St. George had an answer .	St. George did not have an answer .	pos_neg	12410
I had fun last year .	I did not have fun last year .	pos_neg	12411
" We condone what has happened recently , " he added .	" We do not condone what has happened recently , " he added .	pos_neg	12412
Allen raised the gun at the officer , Bujeda said .	Allen did not raise the gun at the officer , Bujeda said .	pos_neg	12413
It is plain that Mr al-Suri was enamoured by his fellow militants .	It is plain that Mr al-Suri was not enamoured by his fellow militants .	pos_neg	12414
And Maine is alone .	And Maine is not alone .	pos_neg	12415
A special thanks to FDNY , we have forgotten you .	A special thanks to FDNY , we have not forgotten you .	pos_neg	12416
The karaoke half of the game simply works .	The karaoke half of the game simply does not work .	pos_neg	12417
That use is needed in a modern industrialized society , Parker said .	That use is not needed in a modern industrialized society , Parker said .	pos_neg	12418
" It 'll definitely have him around , " Romo said .	" It 'll definitely hurt not having him around , " Romo said .	pos_neg	12419
We knew where they were shooting from .	We did not know where they were shooting from .	pos_neg	12420
Yes , he did , but it was to be shared .	Yes , he did , but it was not to be shared .	pos_neg	12421
An after-hours call to Birkhead 's attorney Michael Trope was immediately returned .	An after-hours call to Birkhead 's attorney Michael Trope was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	12422
Rival Bear Stearns Cos. was as lucky .	Rival Bear Stearns Cos. was not as lucky .	pos_neg	12423
Truth is , he ran for fear of bimbo eruptions .	Truth is , he did not run for fear of bimbo eruptions .	pos_neg	12424
That is true , technically , but believe it .	That is true , technically , but do not believe it .	pos_neg	12425
The family wanted the house to be sold to an investor .	The family did not want the house to be sold to an investor .	pos_neg	12426
Burnham said recruits were shown the trailers .	Burnham said recruits were not shown the trailers .	pos_neg	12427
Anybody under 40 has seen a real tough time .	Anybody under 40 has not seen a real tough time .	pos_neg	12428
It is -- we cannot do it on the cheap .	It is not -- we cannot do it on the cheap .	pos_neg	12429
But the standard applies to older trains .	But the standard does not apply to older trains .	pos_neg	12430
Tompkins returned phone calls seeking comment .	Tompkins did not return phone calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	12431
It has .	It has not .	pos_neg	12432
He disclosed terms .	He did not disclose terms .	pos_neg	12433
He was a long-term planner .	He was not a long-term planner .	pos_neg	12434
That is an actual hole .	That is not an actual hole .	pos_neg	12435
id = 1752002007 He is Saint Petraeus - he is General Petraeus .	id = 1752002007 He is not Saint Petraeus - he is General Petraeus .	pos_neg	12436
And I have got a script .	And I have not got a script .	pos_neg	12437
But you resort to violence .	But you do not resort to violence .	pos_neg	12438
It is about spectacle , but about understanding .	It is not about spectacle , but about understanding .	pos_neg	12439
The attic had a smoke alarm .	The attic did not have a smoke alarm .	pos_neg	12440
I have seen my children for ages .	I have not seen my children for ages .	pos_neg	12441
You have to face things and show them you are afraid .	You have to face things and show them you are not afraid .	pos_neg	12442
Private stations are allowed to broadcast news .	Private stations are not allowed to broadcast news .	pos_neg	12443
He was to blame himself for the others ' mistakes .	He was not to blame himself for the others ' mistakes .	pos_neg	12444
As it turns out , that is a negligible demographic .	As it turns out , that is not a negligible demographic .	pos_neg	12445
The Giants got closer .	The Giants did not get closer .	pos_neg	12446
But the problem is authority and discipline .	But the problem is not authority and discipline .	pos_neg	12447
Wang , however , justified Torre 's decision to start him .	Wang , however , did not justify Torre 's decision to start him .	pos_neg	12448
Restaurants want children .	Restaurants do not want children .	pos_neg	12449
" It is as heavy , " she said .	" It is not as heavy , " she said .	pos_neg	12450
Common sense will tell you that is a common event .	Common sense will tell you that is not a common event .	pos_neg	12451
By By Peter Galbraith That is why we have one .	By By Peter Galbraith That is why we do not have one .	pos_neg	12452
Private 's booty Clearly , my quest is going well .	Private 's booty Clearly , my quest is not going well .	pos_neg	12453
I see how we can win .	I do not see how we can win .	pos_neg	12454
It matters in the least .	It does not matter in the least .	pos_neg	12455
It was expected to make landfall .	It was not expected to make landfall .	pos_neg	12456
But change is inevitable , and communities are static .	But change is inevitable , and communities are not static .	pos_neg	12457
It existed five years ago .	It did not exist five years ago .	pos_neg	12458
There is a bikini under there .	There is not a bikini under there .	pos_neg	12459
Gilmore has set up an exploratory committee .	Gilmore has not set up an exploratory committee .	pos_neg	12460
Thursday 's inventory report was uniformly bullish .	Thursday 's inventory report was not uniformly bullish .	pos_neg	12461
A call to BEA for comment early Friday was immediately returned .	A call to BEA for comment early Friday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	12462
Warner has said he is interested in the vice presidency .	Warner has said he is not interested in the vice presidency .	pos_neg	12463
" How that happened , I know , " he said .	" How that happened , I do not know , " he said .	pos_neg	12464
The danger is people think it is that bad after all .	The danger is people think it is not that bad after all .	pos_neg	12465
You want fans shouting at your girlfriend .	You do not want fans shouting at your girlfriend .	pos_neg	12466
But I want to focus on something that has been raised .	But I want to focus on something that has not been raised .	pos_neg	12467
I think what he said is accurate .	I do not think what he said is accurate .	pos_neg	12468
It made our top 10 list .	It did not make our top 10 list .	pos_neg	12469
They want you there .	They do not want you there .	pos_neg	12470
We get that time alone with our partners .	We do not get that time alone with our partners .	pos_neg	12471
The city just had business for them all .	The city just did not have business for them all .	pos_neg	12472
Unfortunately , the war on poverty ends there .	Unfortunately , the war on poverty does not end there .	pos_neg	12473
The Third Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled in the CBS case .	The Third Circuit Court of Appeals has not ruled in the CBS case .	pos_neg	12474
Chief Smith said he knew why the building had been condemned .	Chief Smith said he did not know why the building had been condemned .	pos_neg	12475
Home computing pioneer honoured But this week 's gathering was all dour .	Home computing pioneer honoured But this week 's gathering was not all dour .	pos_neg	12476
But just because something is allowed means it should be encouraged .	But just because something is allowed does not mean it should be encouraged .	pos_neg	12477
" It is about the coach , " he demurred .	" It is not about the coach , " he demurred .	pos_neg	12478
Again , he died .	Again , he did not die .	pos_neg	12479
It is impossible to simulate dark vintage movies onstage .	It is not impossible to simulate dark vintage movies onstage .	pos_neg	12480
This team was always so conventional .	This team was not always so conventional .	pos_neg	12481
I am sorry it happened .	I am sorry it did not happen .	pos_neg	12482
Scotland defender looked out of place with ball at his feet .	Scotland defender did not look out of place with ball at his feet .	pos_neg	12483
We need another president of 9 / 11 .	We do not need another president of 9 / 11 .	pos_neg	12484
Many survived .	Many did not survive .	pos_neg	12485
He believes the four-day layoff will cool off his team .	He does not believe the four-day layoff will cool off his team .	pos_neg	12486
It is the debate that Rudolph W. Giuliani wants to end .	It is the debate that Rudolph W. Giuliani does not want to end .	pos_neg	12487
Albert needed new school clothes .	Albert did not need new school clothes .	pos_neg	12488
I know how he found out about it .	I do not know how he found out about it .	pos_neg	12489
It is on the way from anywhere to anywhere else .	It is not on the way from anywhere to anywhere else .	pos_neg	12490
The 12 boys have been located .	The 12 boys have not been located .	pos_neg	12491
He wanted me to be a scapegoat .	He did not want me to be a scapegoat .	pos_neg	12492
And Caminiti insisted he was alone .	And Caminiti insisted he was not alone .	pos_neg	12493
They look on him as the solution .	They do not look on him as the solution .	pos_neg	12494
It is that so little has changed since 1955 .	It is not that so little has changed since 1955 .	pos_neg	12495
They were terribly enthusiastic about getting out of their cages .	They were not terribly enthusiastic about getting out of their cages .	pos_neg	12496
The door was locked and there were drawings on the floor .	The door was not locked and there were drawings on the floor .	pos_neg	12497
" The elation hit home at first , " he said .	" The elation did not hit home at first , " he said .	pos_neg	12498
Another Prize Writers are meant to be rock stars .	Another Prize Writers are not meant to be rock stars .	pos_neg	12499
, returned a phone call seeking comment Friday .	, did not return a phone call seeking comment Friday .	pos_neg	12500
" " You expect jewelry .	" " You do not expect jewelry .	pos_neg	12501
The White House has commented .	The White House has not commented .	pos_neg	12502
Some have partners .	Some do not have partners .	pos_neg	12503
I am willing to do that .	I am not willing to do that .	pos_neg	12504
The threat is real , but the response is .	The threat is real , but the response is not .	pos_neg	12505
And expect Turner to win a Super Bowl .	And do not expect Turner to win a Super Bowl .	pos_neg	12506
Now I know they are .	Now I know they are not .	pos_neg	12507
" That is correct , " replied Mr Shaddick .	" That is not correct , " replied Mr Shaddick .	pos_neg	12508
The attorney said Phoenix police acted appropriately .	The attorney said Phoenix police did not act appropriately .	pos_neg	12509
This bides well for night owls .	This does not bode well for night owls .	pos_neg	12510
But he was aware of the extent of her internal injuries .	But he was not aware of the extent of her internal injuries .	pos_neg	12511
' " Because I am a campaigning person like that .	' " Because I am not a campaigning person like that .	pos_neg	12512
" This is about millionaire screenwriters , " said Robbins .	" This is not about millionaire screenwriters , " said Robbins .	pos_neg	12513
But read them wrong ; this bunch was hardly morose .	But do not read them wrong ; this bunch was hardly morose .	pos_neg	12514
SOURCE Dynamic Systems He threatened more action if Burma responds .	SOURCE Dynamic Systems He threatened more action if Burma does not respond .	pos_neg	12515
And it had a porch .	And it did not have a porch .	pos_neg	12516
The fact that this is often legal makes it right .	The fact that this is often legal does not make it right .	pos_neg	12517
Actually , he is going anywhere .	Actually , he is not going anywhere .	pos_neg	12518
It is like someone tells you that .	It is not like someone tells you that .	pos_neg	12519
Changing tactics We were disappointed when we visited early in May .	Changing tactics We were not disappointed when we visited early in May .	pos_neg	12520
Point differential is the sole tie-breaker in arguments about greatest teams .	Point differential is not the sole tie-breaker in arguments about greatest teams .	pos_neg	12521
Speaking of steins , call them that .	Speaking of steins , do not call them that .	pos_neg	12522
That those have a common fabric with Christianity is a coincidence .	That those have a common fabric with Christianity is not a coincidence .	pos_neg	12523
Emap executives said the offers were high enough .	Emap executives said the offers were not high enough .	pos_neg	12524
I think many people would have done that .	I do not think many people would have done that .	pos_neg	12525
The Kinsales are alone .	The Kinsales are not alone .	pos_neg	12526
It was all fun .	It was not all fun .	pos_neg	12527
Defense attorneys had argued that identification based on vein patterns was reliable .	Defense attorneys had argued that identification based on vein patterns was not reliable .	pos_neg	12528
But we sadly now have to conclude that it is possible .	But we sadly now have to conclude that it is not possible .	pos_neg	12529
They disappointed , the fight growing in excitement as it progressed .	They did not disappoint , the fight growing in excitement as it progressed .	pos_neg	12530
Unlike some great collectors , she sent her holdings to auction .	Unlike some great collectors , she did not send her holdings to auction .	pos_neg	12531
The landslide which triggered this flow was itself the biggest known .	The landslide which triggered this flow was not itself the biggest known .	pos_neg	12532
Spirit and heroism have been the half of it .	Spirit and heroism have not been the half of it .	pos_neg	12533
It was a pretty face .	It was not a pretty face .	pos_neg	12534
I deserved all of this pain .	I did not deserve all of this pain .	pos_neg	12535
But in the opera the Porter appears .	But in the opera the Porter does not appear .	pos_neg	12536
This example of globalisation angered him .	This example of globalisation did not anger him .	pos_neg	12537
Springs said the family knows what went wrong during the procedure .	Springs said the family does not know what went wrong during the procedure .	pos_neg	12538
He also acknowledged that he wore the pants in the family .	He also acknowledged that he did not wear the pants in the family .	pos_neg	12539
Wal-Mart is the only company addressing its carbon footprint .	Wal-Mart is not the only company addressing its carbon footprint .	pos_neg	12540
He also said he was told about his right to appeal .	He also said he was not told about his right to appeal .	pos_neg	12541
It asks you to grow as a human being .	It does not ask you to grow as a human being .	pos_neg	12542
" I want to leave the game , " he said .	" I do not want to leave the game , " he said .	pos_neg	12543
Lyles says Robinson has been aggressive enough in promoting economic development .	Lyles says Robinson has not been aggressive enough in promoting economic development .	pos_neg	12544
A world of hope But that , obviously , was the point .	A world of hope But that , obviously , was not the point .	pos_neg	12545
It is fundamentalist vs. atheist .	It is not fundamentalist vs. atheist .	pos_neg	12546
" They are stupid , " the young woman said .	" They are not stupid , " the young woman said .	pos_neg	12547
Many images are available .	Many images are not available .	pos_neg	12548
" We are being elusive , " the agent said .	" We are not being elusive , " the agent said .	pos_neg	12549
The Rockies insist they are fretting over this repose .	The Rockies insist they are not fretting over this repose .	pos_neg	12550
The shootings were linked to the university .	The shootings were not linked to the university .	pos_neg	12551
They know where the Kurds live .	They do not know where the Kurds live .	pos_neg	12552
It is a sometime thing .	It is not a sometime thing .	pos_neg	12553
" " I know why .	" " I do not know why .	pos_neg	12554
And Lebanon was alone .	And Lebanon was not alone .	pos_neg	12555
This crowd deserves better .	This crowd does not deserve better .	pos_neg	12556
It happened that way .	It did not happen that way .	pos_neg	12557
I want more children .	I do not want more children .	pos_neg	12558
" I was that bad , " Ortiz said , smiling .	" I was not that bad , " Ortiz said , smiling .	pos_neg	12559
Too many big players are performing .	Too many big players are not performing .	pos_neg	12560
But forget the Indians and the Angels .	But do not forget the Indians and the Angels .	pos_neg	12561
Some of the deals got done .	Some of the deals did not get done .	pos_neg	12562
Seismic , epochal , geopolitical shifts are usually the best explanation .	Seismic , epochal , geopolitical shifts are not usually the best explanation .	pos_neg	12563
Citigroup executives , nonetheless , wanted him to leave .	Citigroup executives , nonetheless , did not want him to leave .	pos_neg	12564
And this time , I am just going there to participate .	And this time , I am not just going there to participate .	pos_neg	12565
Deafness is the normal state , it is a disability .	Deafness is not the normal state , it is a disability .	pos_neg	12566
But Mr. Mukasey said he thought Hamdan went that far .	But Mr. Mukasey said he did not think Hamdan went that far .	pos_neg	12567
Financial arrangements were disclosed .	Financial arrangements were not disclosed .	pos_neg	12568
Officials from the WGA were immediately available for comment .	Officials from the WGA were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	12569
Friedgen said Henderson participated in the team 's walk-through Monday .	Friedgen said Henderson did not participate in the team 's walk-through Monday .	pos_neg	12570
If you put the wrong arm up , switch .	If you put the wrong arm up , do not switch .	pos_neg	12571
The veteran knuckleballer had lost in his previous five outings .	The veteran knuckleballer had not lost in his previous five outings .	pos_neg	12572
Perhaps they have done so because they cannot .	Perhaps they have not done so because they cannot .	pos_neg	12573
Dutch police were questioning Van der Sloot , Kruimel said .	Dutch police were not questioning Van der Sloot , Kruimel said .	pos_neg	12574
That is all the Touch misses .	That is not all the Touch misses .	pos_neg	12575
Even missing Els , the TPC was lacking in star power .	Even missing Els , the TPC was not lacking in star power .	pos_neg	12576
I support it .	I do not support it .	pos_neg	12577
But I resisted the blonding because I felt sexier .	But I did not resist the blonding because I felt sexier .	pos_neg	12578
Baucus , however , was optimistic about that proposal .	Baucus , however , was not optimistic about that proposal .	pos_neg	12579
To avoid misuse , write down passwords .	To avoid misuse , do not write down passwords .	pos_neg	12580
Now , you need to do all your computing online .	Now , you do not need to do all your computing online .	pos_neg	12581
I hope this article is seen as such .	I hope this article is not seen as such .	pos_neg	12582
Microsoft and Nintendo have released weekly sales figures for their consoles .	Microsoft and Nintendo have not released weekly sales figures for their consoles .	pos_neg	12583
Garden mishaps are uncommon .	Garden mishaps are not uncommon .	pos_neg	12584
You want your son to end up like mine did .	You do not want your son to end up like mine did .	pos_neg	12585
This blissful sense of accomplishment comes without risk .	This blissful sense of accomplishment does not come without risk .	pos_neg	12586
And I am sure the others are .	And I am not sure the others are .	pos_neg	12587
It matters now .	It does not matter now .	pos_neg	12588
" " It just adds up to me .	" " It just does not add up to me .	pos_neg	12589
" " The problem in the market is just liquidity .	" " The problem in the market is not just liquidity .	pos_neg	12590
None of this stuff is emotional .	None of this stuff is not emotional .	pos_neg	12591
A lot of people have made up their minds .	A lot of people have not made up their minds .	pos_neg	12592
The report says how many of these were deaths .	The report does not say how many of these were deaths .	pos_neg	12593
They are healthy and want the added burden of health insurance .	They are healthy and do not want the added burden of health insurance .	pos_neg	12594
It had to be Princeton , he would come to realize .	It did not have to be Princeton , he would come to realize .	pos_neg	12595
The men have been charged .	The men have not been charged .	pos_neg	12596
It is sticky .	It is not sticky .	pos_neg	12597
He was the only one in rose-colored denial or out of touch .	He was not the only one in rose-colored denial or out of touch .	pos_neg	12598
Obama showed again Thursday that debates are his best forum .	Obama showed again Thursday that debates are not his best forum .	pos_neg	12599
The Consumer Product Safety Commission responded to requests for comment .	The Consumer Product Safety Commission did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	12600
One place I care for , though , is central London .	One place I do not care for , though , is central London .	pos_neg	12601
Phil Bennett got it done .	Phil Bennett did not get it done .	pos_neg	12602
American patriots take this stuff lying down .	American patriots do not take this stuff lying down .	pos_neg	12603
Russell showed up for a hearing on Oct. 26 , 2001 .	Russell did not show up for a hearing on Oct. 26 , 2001 .	pos_neg	12604
I know if I will be affected , nobody does .	I do not know if I will be affected , nobody does .	pos_neg	12605
But Sunday 's race was .	But Sunday 's race was not .	pos_neg	12606
I can say I have been bullied .	I can say I have not been bullied .	pos_neg	12607
It is the only campus that has seen intolerance .	It is not the only campus that has seen intolerance .	pos_neg	12608
She sold her position , thinking the yen would fall again .	She did not sell her position , thinking the yen would fall again .	pos_neg	12609
In those early days of television , this was easy .	In those early days of television , this was not easy .	pos_neg	12610
He was impressed with the grass surface .	He was not impressed with the grass surface .	pos_neg	12611
Legislators provided a cost estimate .	Legislators did not provide a cost estimate .	pos_neg	12612
Ms. Salzberg returned phone calls seeking comment .	Ms. Salzberg did not return phone calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	12613
It is well-documented that obese people overeat on chocolate bars .	It is well-documented that obese people do not overeat on chocolate bars .	pos_neg	12614
" " They were always high .	" " They were not always high .	pos_neg	12615
Until today that news has been factored into the stock price .	Until today that news has not been factored into the stock price .	pos_neg	12616
The concept of weakening powerful storms is new .	The concept of weakening powerful storms is not new .	pos_neg	12617
Smith says he is worried .	Smith says he is not worried .	pos_neg	12618
It is helping him .	It is not helping him .	pos_neg	12619
The answers we came up with were particularly surprising .	The answers we came up with were not particularly surprising .	pos_neg	12620
Teenagers push woman into canal But the hangdog photograph is just unflattering .	Teenagers push woman into canal But the hangdog photograph is not just unflattering .	pos_neg	12621
" There is a lot you can do , " Stricker said .	" There is not a lot you can do , " Stricker said .	pos_neg	12622
But good cuts it in the World Series .	But good does not cut it in the World Series .	pos_neg	12623
This is about George .	This is not about George .	pos_neg	12624
The man , believed to be 42 , has been formally identified .	The man , believed to be 42 , has not been formally identified .	pos_neg	12625
Ms. Mirviss is the only Japanese-art dealer on the move in Manhattan .	Ms. Mirviss is not the only Japanese-art dealer on the move in Manhattan .	pos_neg	12626
The response , however , was all positive .	The response , however , was not all positive .	pos_neg	12627
To this day I have one .	To this day I do not have one .	pos_neg	12628
When he quit , he said he had the time .	When he quit , he said he did not have the time .	pos_neg	12629
Already , large-scale demonstrations are unusual .	Already , large-scale demonstrations are not unusual .	pos_neg	12630
Her mother explained that it was appropriate .	Her mother explained that it was not appropriate .	pos_neg	12631
They seemed to want to use science in making their decisions .	They did not seem to want to use science in making their decisions .	pos_neg	12632
There was only filial fairness to consider .	There was not only filial fairness to consider .	pos_neg	12633
I think you can .	I do not think you can .	pos_neg	12634
I believe people expect me to be perfect .	I do not believe people expect me to be perfect .	pos_neg	12635
" Crisis management is usually my thing , " she allows .	" Crisis management is not usually my thing , " she allows .	pos_neg	12636
I am a businessman and do politics .	I am a businessman and do not do politics .	pos_neg	12637
You have to work too hard .	You do not have to work too hard .	pos_neg	12638
She is kidding .	She is not kidding .	pos_neg	12639
Lack of space is the only issue that can complicate these visits .	Lack of space is not the only issue that can complicate these visits .	pos_neg	12640
The reporter replied that he was blaming Mr. Bush personally .	The reporter replied that he was not blaming Mr. Bush personally .	pos_neg	12641
" He was no angel , " Short said .	" He was not no angel , " Short said .	pos_neg	12642
I am sure what he understood .	I am not sure what he understood .	pos_neg	12643
The identities of the dead and wounded were immediately known .	The identities of the dead and wounded were not immediately known .	pos_neg	12644
The shift has gone unnoticed by administrators at some business schools .	The shift has not gone unnoticed by administrators at some business schools .	pos_neg	12645
Adjusted EBITDA is a measure of performance under GAAP .	Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of performance under GAAP .	pos_neg	12646
Philadelphia was done against Munoz , because Rollins doubled to left .	Philadelphia was not done against Munoz , because Rollins doubled to left .	pos_neg	12647
I begrudge him a penny .	I do not begrudge him a penny .	pos_neg	12648
Text blunder exposes Warne cheating But analysts said the growth was sustainable .	Text blunder exposes Warne cheating But analysts said the growth was not sustainable .	pos_neg	12649
Yes , I know this is the 1970s , thanks .	Yes , I know this is not the 1970s , thanks .	pos_neg	12650
But you became one .	But you did not become one .	pos_neg	12651
" Failure is an option , " he said .	" Failure is not an option , " he said .	pos_neg	12652
They are doing this for the right reasons .	They are not doing this for the right reasons .	pos_neg	12653
Clinton and his wife have always agreed .	Clinton and his wife have not always agreed .	pos_neg	12654
Rhonda Hailey of Fort Worth , Texas My mind has changed .	Rhonda Hailey of Fort Worth , Texas My mind has NOT changed .	pos_neg	12655
We know the age of this person .	We do not know the age of this person .	pos_neg	12656
He gave a specific date .	He did not give a specific date .	pos_neg	12657
We are thrilled that Santa has forgotten us !	We are thrilled that Santa has not forgotten us !	pos_neg	12658
But Keillor is Dave Barry .	But Keillor is not Dave Barry .	pos_neg	12659
Cans seized from teenage drinkers The woman 's name has been published .	Cans seized from teenage drinkers The woman 's name has not been published .	pos_neg	12660
" " It is just at Central Michigan .	" " It is not just at Central Michigan .	pos_neg	12661
Gabor has a honker that is on the fritz .	Gabor does not have a honker that is on the fritz .	pos_neg	12662
But the authorities said evacuations were necessary .	But the authorities said evacuations were not necessary .	pos_neg	12663
But he thinks his work is in vain .	But he does not think his work is in vain .	pos_neg	12664
The United States has made conclusive findings about the incidents .	The United States has not made conclusive findings about the incidents .	pos_neg	12665
But some of his rivals are amused .	But some of his rivals are not amused .	pos_neg	12666
And so this is the end .	And so this is not the end .	pos_neg	12667
I just figured out how to do it .	I just did not figure out how to do it .	pos_neg	12668
So we pass on this warning that it is recommended .	So we pass on this warning that it is not recommended .	pos_neg	12669
And worry about a backlash to the veggie hype .	And do not worry about a backlash to the veggie hype .	pos_neg	12670
Campaign aides said the number could grow and was final .	Campaign aides said the number could grow and was not final .	pos_neg	12671
I think they 'll give him one .	I do not think they 'll give him one .	pos_neg	12672
We are actors or musicians , we are Wildlife Warriors .	We are not actors or musicians , we are Wildlife Warriors .	pos_neg	12673
The city health department considers the situation a problem .	The city health department does not consider the situation a problem .	pos_neg	12674
Others said the behavior of computer-controlled enemies was very realistic .	Others said the behavior of computer-controlled enemies was not very realistic .	pos_neg	12675
Two rounds of mild penalties have slowed or stopped the activities .	Two rounds of mild penalties have not slowed or stopped the activities .	pos_neg	12676
There are fears of renewed civil war if a compromise is found .	There are fears of renewed civil war if a compromise is not found .	pos_neg	12677
Petta had been officially briefed about the program .	Petta had not been officially briefed about the program .	pos_neg	12678
It changed the way I viewed meat .	It did not change the way I viewed meat .	pos_neg	12679
This is Southern legend , but American colonial history .	This is not Southern legend , but American colonial history .	pos_neg	12680
Kicker Lawrence Tynes practiced Wednesday because of a calf injury .	Kicker Lawrence Tynes did not practice Wednesday because of a calf injury .	pos_neg	12681
However , this has resulted in a cooling in the market .	However , this has not resulted in a cooling in the market .	pos_neg	12682
" I am lucky with this one , " says Yasul .	" I am not lucky with this one , " says Yasul .	pos_neg	12683
The disease infects humans .	The disease does not infect humans .	pos_neg	12684
It works for me .	It does not work for me .	pos_neg	12685
" We are millionaire writers , " says Ms De Los Santos .	" We are not millionaire writers , " says Ms De Los Santos .	pos_neg	12686
The results show that most teens have tried meth .	The results show that most teens have not tried meth .	pos_neg	12687
But thinking about clothes makes exciting television .	But thinking about clothes does not make exciting television .	pos_neg	12688
" My goal is for money , " she said .	" My goal is not for money , " she said .	pos_neg	12689
I know what to do .	I do not know what to do .	pos_neg	12690
And that is a bad idea .	And that is not a bad idea .	pos_neg	12691
He has faced ads on his record .	He has not faced ads on his record .	pos_neg	12692
Nearly six decades on , it is .	Nearly six decades on , it is not .	pos_neg	12693
We wanted the stories to end !	We did not want the stories to end !	pos_neg	12694
" " I rest from thinking about them day and night .	" " I do not rest from thinking about them day and night .	pos_neg	12695
For one thing his name was Henry Morton Stanley .	For one thing his name was not Henry Morton Stanley .	pos_neg	12696
I think I could , but I know .	I think I could , but I do not know .	pos_neg	12697
We were Watching with Mother mind you .	We were not Watching with Mother mind you .	pos_neg	12698
Virginia is alone in facing problems in its mental health system .	Virginia is not alone in facing problems in its mental health system .	pos_neg	12699
Moviegoers almost got the chance .	Moviegoers almost did not get the chance .	pos_neg	12700
He returned a telephone message yesterday .	He did not return a telephone message yesterday .	pos_neg	12701
But it is the big-time .	But it is not the big-time .	pos_neg	12702
And sometimes he is so steady .	And sometimes he is not so steady .	pos_neg	12703
No , Suzuki Kizashi is a late-season pickup for the Dodgers .	No , Suzuki Kizashi is not a late-season pickup for the Dodgers .	pos_neg	12704
We cannot say that it crosses the placenta .	We cannot say that it does not cross the placenta .	pos_neg	12705
The Poles are the only ones with doubts .	The Poles are not the only ones with doubts .	pos_neg	12706
I got too many scoring chances against me .	I did not get too many scoring chances against me .	pos_neg	12707
Well , we are in one now .	Well , we are not in one now .	pos_neg	12708
Clinton has dodged all confrontations with Democratic interests .	Clinton has not dodged all confrontations with Democratic interests .	pos_neg	12709
But go overboard .	But do not go overboard .	pos_neg	12710
Buoniconti was so lucky .	Buoniconti was not so lucky .	pos_neg	12711
The Vatican identified the monsignor by name .	The Vatican did not identify the monsignor by name .	pos_neg	12712
" It was good , " Jauron said of the injuries .	" It was not good , " Jauron said of the injuries .	pos_neg	12713
Sometimes people are happy .	Sometimes people are not happy .	pos_neg	12714
We know what it was but there will be a post-mortem .	We do not know what it was but there will be a post-mortem .	pos_neg	12715
You 're getting that for free !	You 're not getting that for free !	pos_neg	12716
It is about us .	It is not about us .	pos_neg	12717
The type of the chemicals was revealed .	The type of the chemicals was not revealed .	pos_neg	12718
They need more land .	They do not need more land .	pos_neg	12719
But the fear abated and the economic boom slowed that year .	But the fear abated and the economic boom did not slow that year .	pos_neg	12720
Ethnic cleansing clearly is isolated in Baghdad .	Ethnic cleansing clearly is not isolated in Baghdad .	pos_neg	12721
I got free , but maybe he does .	I did not get free , but maybe he does .	pos_neg	12722
" It is about that , " said Collins .	" It is not about that , " said Collins .	pos_neg	12723
" I have shown in a gallery , " Hansen says .	" I have not shown in a gallery , " Hansen says .	pos_neg	12724
Things were always like this .	Things were not always like this .	pos_neg	12725
Mr. Otter said Saturday that he had decided whom to appoint .	Mr. Otter said Saturday that he had not decided whom to appoint .	pos_neg	12726
I hope that is what this has turned into .	I hope that is not what this has turned into .	pos_neg	12727
Prescott bikes everywhere he goes and owns a car .	Prescott bikes everywhere he goes and does not own a car .	pos_neg	12728
We are going to make apologies for covering that .	We are not going to make apologies for covering that .	pos_neg	12729
Lee is licensed as a mortgage broker in Maryland .	Lee is not licensed as a mortgage broker in Maryland .	pos_neg	12730
But she is giving up .	But she is not giving up .	pos_neg	12731
11 attacks may have been well intended , but they work .	11 attacks may have been well intended , but they do not work .	pos_neg	12732
I won it when I was thinking about winning it .	I won it when I was not thinking about winning it .	pos_neg	12733
The all-white jury was escorted away from the courthouse and commented .	The all-white jury was escorted away from the courthouse and did not comment .	pos_neg	12734
It was clear how many of those work in Iraq .	It was not clear how many of those work in Iraq .	pos_neg	12735
In any event , I was the only one .	In any event , I was not the only one .	pos_neg	12736
We want to use a military option .	We do not want to use a military option .	pos_neg	12737
But he said he thought the report accurately described the situation .	But he said he did not think the report accurately described the situation .	pos_neg	12738
Bush said the proposals put the neediest children first .	Bush said the proposals did not put the neediest children first .	pos_neg	12739
I know if I can go out next week .	I do not know if I can go out next week .	pos_neg	12740
He said who would start for Bonderman on Friday at Minnesota .	He did not say who would start for Bonderman on Friday at Minnesota .	pos_neg	12741
A spokeswoman for Geller & Company returned a call for comment .	A spokeswoman for Geller & Company did not return a call for comment .	pos_neg	12742
Special tile is required , but you may want to consider it .	Special tile is not required , but you may want to consider it .	pos_neg	12743
It was a fluke that they did well .	It was not a fluke that they did well .	pos_neg	12744
At the end of the day , there is accountability .	At the end of the day , there is not accountability .	pos_neg	12745
Such pay arrangements are always disclosed to pension trustees .	Such pay arrangements are not always disclosed to pension trustees .	pos_neg	12746
We really do that .	We really do not do that .	pos_neg	12747
Pakistan 's nukes are in the hands of the Islamist International .	Pakistan 's nukes are not in the hands of the Islamist International .	pos_neg	12748
It is like you can play a game .	It is not like you can play a game .	pos_neg	12749
A spokesperson in the governor 's office was immediately available for comment .	A spokesperson in the governor 's office was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	12750
They were on at first .	They were not on at first .	pos_neg	12751
id = 1555242007 Of course , most of this is new .	id = 1555242007 Of course , most of this is not new .	pos_neg	12752
" We need them , " Lam Akol said .	" We do not need them , " Lam Akol said .	pos_neg	12753
It felt like it was a first novel .	It did not feel like it was a first novel .	pos_neg	12754
Spears commented after the hearing .	Spears did not comment after the hearing .	pos_neg	12755
Big batch : This recipe is easy to double .	Big batch : This recipe is not easy to double .	pos_neg	12756
It was fair .	It was not fair .	pos_neg	12757
This was a tee shot - it was his putt .	This was not a tee shot - it was his putt .	pos_neg	12758
Krueger and Dale 's research , while intriguing , is definitive .	Krueger and Dale 's research , while intriguing , is not definitive .	pos_neg	12759
" He is our candidate , " Pound said .	" He is not our candidate , " Pound said .	pos_neg	12760
He is used to losing .	He is not used to losing .	pos_neg	12761
But I am someone who takes the easy path in life .	But I am not someone who takes the easy path in life .	pos_neg	12762
" I am aware of the matter , " said Martinon .	" I am not aware of the matter , " said Martinon .	pos_neg	12763
I am worried about it .	I am not worried about it .	pos_neg	12764
That is pro-life .	That is not pro-life .	pos_neg	12765
Yemen has a law that criminalises Jihad , or holy war .	Yemen does not have a law that criminalises Jihad , or holy war .	pos_neg	12766
They 've had too many reliability issues , but a couple .	They 've had not too many reliability issues , but a couple .	pos_neg	12767
But against South Africa , possession is nine-tenths of the law .	But against South Africa , possession is not nine-tenths of the law .	pos_neg	12768
I agree with you .	I do not agree with you .	pos_neg	12769
I do these kinds of things .	I do not do these kinds of things .	pos_neg	12770
He was arrested , however , or charged with a crime .	He was not arrested , however , or charged with a crime .	pos_neg	12771
" I know the details , " she said .	" I do not know the details , " she said .	pos_neg	12772
Easton has a Metro-North Railroad stop .	Easton does not have a Metro-North Railroad stop .	pos_neg	12773
But it is just the HSE which imposes such rules .	But it is not just the HSE which imposes such rules .	pos_neg	12774
The Vatican named the monsignor .	The Vatican did not name the monsignor .	pos_neg	12775
No , he is going to .	No , he is not going to .	pos_neg	12776
... programming matches our family 's morals and values .	... programming does not match our family 's morals and values .	pos_neg	12777
" I am impressed with your completion schedule , " she said .	" I am not impressed with your completion schedule , " she said .	pos_neg	12778
And touch pre-construction projects .	And do not touch pre-construction projects .	pos_neg	12779
Sharapova won another game .	Sharapova did not win another game .	pos_neg	12780
Fortunately it exploded .	Fortunately it did not explode .	pos_neg	12781
He smiled or chat , however , and quickly walked away .	He did not smile or chat , however , and quickly walked away .	pos_neg	12782
Fleschner gave his opinion .	Fleschner did not give his opinion .	pos_neg	12783
" This is an easy issue , " he said .	" This is not an easy issue , " he said .	pos_neg	12784
The man 's name was released .	The man 's name was not released .	pos_neg	12785
Jean Gambell died still wondering .	Jean Gambell did not die still wondering .	pos_neg	12786
The coalition has repeatedly insisted that it targets civilians .	The coalition has repeatedly insisted that it does not target civilians .	pos_neg	12787
I am talking about partition .	I am not talking about partition .	pos_neg	12788
Don Fambrough , no spring chicken anymore , was doing well .	Don Fambrough , no spring chicken anymore , was not doing well .	pos_neg	12789
We also had Darren for the game against Georgia in March .	We also did not have Darren for the game against Georgia in March .	pos_neg	12790
Price knows who painted them .	Price does not know who painted them .	pos_neg	12791
I like to see killers walking free .	I do not like to see killers walking free .	pos_neg	12792
No , Mr. Cole , you have 16 months .	No , Mr. Cole , you do not have 16 months .	pos_neg	12793
That is something we are going to tolerate on this job .	That is something we are not going to tolerate on this job .	pos_neg	12794
So it is surprising that they want to focus on their longevity .	So it is not surprising that they want to focus on their longevity .	pos_neg	12795
" " I know if they do .	" " I do not know if they do .	pos_neg	12796
I am sure what your question is .	I am not sure what your question is .	pos_neg	12797
Cars.com is discussing the cost of its Super Bowl commercial time .	Cars.com is not discussing the cost of its Super Bowl commercial time .	pos_neg	12798
" We have a choice , " Dr. Bresnitz said .	" We do not have a choice , " Dr. Bresnitz said .	pos_neg	12799
So far , Edwards 's crusade has .	So far , Edwards 's crusade has not .	pos_neg	12800
He booted the ball .	He did not boot the ball .	pos_neg	12801
That is healthy .	That is not healthy .	pos_neg	12802
Calls to Opri and her publicist were immediately returned Thursday .	Calls to Opri and her publicist were not immediately returned Thursday .	pos_neg	12803
But that is the situation for Radcliffe .	But that is not the situation for Radcliffe .	pos_neg	12804
Dickie knew about the relationship , and was only tolerant but encouraging .	Dickie knew about the relationship , and was not only tolerant but encouraging .	pos_neg	12805
That means he has been able to escape losing .	That does not mean he has been able to escape losing .	pos_neg	12806
The phone companies would prefer you knew about free internet television .	The phone companies would prefer you did not know about free internet television .	pos_neg	12807
For some researchers , the findings are surprising .	For some researchers , the findings are not surprising .	pos_neg	12808
He elaborated on the threats against the doctors .	He did not elaborate on the threats against the doctors .	pos_neg	12809
Markets like to be surprised .	Markets do not like to be surprised .	pos_neg	12810
But Holyfield is done with boxing .	But Holyfield is not done with boxing .	pos_neg	12811
" We have had many problems with injuries , " Osborn said .	" We have not had many problems with injuries , " Osborn said .	pos_neg	12812
During this visit , Iowans seemed ready to commit .	During this visit , Iowans did not seem ready to commit .	pos_neg	12813
It is getting at the ordinary motorist .	It is not getting at the ordinary motorist .	pos_neg	12814
It is a coincidence - your body is weaker .	It is not a coincidence - your body is weaker .	pos_neg	12815
But the danger here is that God is being worshiped .	But the danger here is that God is not being worshiped .	pos_neg	12816
Prince Philip was mentioned .	Prince Philip was not mentioned .	pos_neg	12817
Haskins received medical attention for more than two hours .	Haskins did not receive medical attention for more than two hours .	pos_neg	12818
The law however is widely enforced and few brothels are closed down .	The law however is not widely enforced and few brothels are closed down .	pos_neg	12819
Most of the women worked .	Most of the women did not work .	pos_neg	12820
Investigators bought the story .	Investigators did not buy the story .	pos_neg	12821
Calls to Mr. Podgorny were returned .	Calls to Mr. Podgorny were not returned .	pos_neg	12822
" Hardware matters at this point , " he says .	" Hardware does not matter at this point , " he says .	pos_neg	12823
I need people thinking I am having a quarter-life crisis .	I do not need people thinking I am having a quarter-life crisis .	pos_neg	12824
I mean just sing , the guy could sing perfect .	I do not mean just sing , the guy could sing perfect .	pos_neg	12825
Mr Lenny has done well at Hershey .	Mr Lenny has not done well at Hershey .	pos_neg	12826
But being there made things easier .	But being there did not make things easier .	pos_neg	12827
What a gut instinct is is a calculation .	What a gut instinct is not is a calculation .	pos_neg	12828
And people were put off applying .	And people were not put off applying .	pos_neg	12829
The Ohio contest that inspired Crawford 's raffle has been decided .	The Ohio contest that inspired Crawford 's raffle has not been decided .	pos_neg	12830
But they are the majority .	But they are not the majority .	pos_neg	12831
Follow-up reports were submitted .	Follow-up reports were not submitted .	pos_neg	12832
Russell , you see , wanted to have to fight Sunday .	Russell , you see , did not want to have to fight Sunday .	pos_neg	12833
But steering clear of the enemy in Hollywood is easy .	But steering clear of the enemy in Hollywood is not easy .	pos_neg	12834
" You care where they are from , " Appleby said .	" You do not care where they are from , " Appleby said .	pos_neg	12835
Jordan specified what kind of firearms , or their quantity .	Jordan did not specify what kind of firearms , or their quantity .	pos_neg	12836
Financial terms of the agreement are being disclosed .	Financial terms of the agreement are not being disclosed .	pos_neg	12837
Bremer responded to a written request for an interview .	Bremer did not respond to a written request for an interview .	pos_neg	12838
And you get the feeling a lot of them respect authority .	And you get the feeling a lot of them do not respect authority .	pos_neg	12839
" It is , " she says .	" It is not , " she says .	pos_neg	12840
" " But athletics is supported by the schools system .	" " But athletics is not supported by the schools system .	pos_neg	12841
That is when Rutgers was a very good football program .	That is when Rutgers was not a very good football program .	pos_neg	12842
It just has happened .	It just has not happened .	pos_neg	12843
But Gilroy the director is quite as accomplished as Gilroy the writer .	But Gilroy the director is not quite as accomplished as Gilroy the writer .	pos_neg	12844
But he has forgotten his roots .	But he has not forgotten his roots .	pos_neg	12845
This clearly was going to work .	This clearly was not going to work .	pos_neg	12846
A : No , you get nervous .	A : No , you do not get nervous .	pos_neg	12847
It just makes sense .	It just does not make sense .	pos_neg	12848
These candidates know they insult voters in Iowa and New Hampshire .	These candidates know they dare not insult voters in Iowa and New Hampshire .	pos_neg	12849
But please tell their parents .	But please do not tell their parents .	pos_neg	12850
But Huckabee was in a forgetting or forgiving frame of mind .	But Huckabee was not in a forgetting or forgiving frame of mind .	pos_neg	12851
I know if I could do that .	I do not know if I could do that .	pos_neg	12852
I came here looking for sex with a minor .	I did not come here looking for sex with a minor .	pos_neg	12853
'I Can Feel Something' Financial details were disclosed .	'I Can Feel Something' Financial details were not disclosed .	pos_neg	12854
Mr. Abas has been shy about publicizing the Rubinstein connection .	Mr. Abas has not been shy about publicizing the Rubinstein connection .	pos_neg	12855
You have amnesty and sanctuary cities .	You do not have amnesty and sanctuary cities .	pos_neg	12856
Turns out , Conde is alone .	Turns out , Conde is not alone .	pos_neg	12857
It is clear at this stage .	It is not clear at this stage .	pos_neg	12858
Heavier Is Better The situation is good in Afghanistan at the moment .	Heavier Is Better The situation is not good in Afghanistan at the moment .	pos_neg	12859
Politics , he is quick to point out , is his thing .	Politics , he is quick to point out , is not his thing .	pos_neg	12860
" We believe in giving up , " Major Poteat said .	" We do not believe in giving up , " Major Poteat said .	pos_neg	12861
There is one memorable feature on its facade .	There is not one memorable feature on its facade .	pos_neg	12862
Kiev Classified The Spill As A Disaster .	Kiev Did Not Classify The Spill As A Disaster .	pos_neg	12863
It is the first time that Chemistry.com has hit on this theme .	It is not the first time that Chemistry.com has hit on this theme .	pos_neg	12864
We want you to help us .	We do not want you to help us .	pos_neg	12865
" It was odd , " Oates said in a telephone interview .	" It was not odd , " Oates said in a telephone interview .	pos_neg	12866
Because I want to be called sarcastic using New Jersey rhetoric .	Because I do not want to be called sarcastic using New Jersey rhetoric .	pos_neg	12867
I was sure it was something that could happen to me .	I was not sure it was something that could happen to me .	pos_neg	12868
Garcia is alone .	Garcia is not alone .	pos_neg	12869
" " His approval sagged in July but has changed since .	" " His approval sagged in July but has not changed since .	pos_neg	12870
Life for Iranian gays has improved since then .	Life for Iranian gays has not improved since then .	pos_neg	12871
Policy makers are interested in making sense .	Policy makers are not interested in making sense .	pos_neg	12872
I think they took us very seriously .	I do not think they took us very seriously .	pos_neg	12873
It has been done in a while .	It has not been done in a while .	pos_neg	12874
A VeriSign official was immediately available for comment .	A VeriSign official was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	12875
Mr. Perius returned a phone call seeking comment .	Mr. Perius did not return a phone call seeking comment .	pos_neg	12876
It just feels right .	It just does not feel right .	pos_neg	12877
If Westbrook plays , Correll Buckhalter would start .	If Westbrook does not play , Correll Buckhalter would start .	pos_neg	12878
We were assertive enough .	We were not assertive enough .	pos_neg	12879
The bank purchased the allegedly flawed test kits directly .	The bank did not purchase the allegedly flawed test kits directly .	pos_neg	12880
But in Robbins 's interview , she said DeVecchio was involved .	But in Robbins 's interview , she said DeVecchio was not involved .	pos_neg	12881
" " We see it as a national priority .	" " We do not see it as a national priority .	pos_neg	12882
The CDC and OMB returned calls seeking comment this morning .	The CDC and OMB did not return calls seeking comment this morning .	pos_neg	12883
But it is to be .	But it is not to be .	pos_neg	12884
We came to say we are against you .	We did not come to say we are against you .	pos_neg	12885
But I went to Washington to win the Mr Congeniality award .	But I did not go to Washington to win the Mr Congeniality award .	pos_neg	12886
The injured man 's condition is known at this stage .	The injured man 's condition is not known at this stage .	pos_neg	12887
O 'Brien is commenting , an NBC spokesman said .	O 'Brien is not commenting , an NBC spokesman said .	pos_neg	12888
Marzorati and Solomon responded to requests for comment .	Marzorati and Solomon did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	12889
Some employers even insist that workers check emails at the weekends .	Some employers even insist that workers do not check emails at the weekends .	pos_neg	12890
He is happy .	He is not happy .	pos_neg	12891
They cannot have a pre- existing condition which is covered .	They cannot have a pre- existing condition which is not covered .	pos_neg	12892
Klobuchar applauded the companies ' voluntary efforts but said they were enough .	Klobuchar applauded the companies ' voluntary efforts but said they were not enough .	pos_neg	12893
People realize .	People do not realize .	pos_neg	12894
Calls to Father von Wernich 's home parish were returned .	Calls to Father von Wernich 's home parish were not returned .	pos_neg	12895
I am a professional Italian American .	I am not a professional Italian American .	pos_neg	12896
I become aroused so instantly .	I do not become aroused so instantly .	pos_neg	12897
He played professional hockey after the Olympics .	He did not play professional hockey after the Olympics .	pos_neg	12898
The condition was disclosed .	The condition was not disclosed .	pos_neg	12899
But the rain dampened their enthusiasm to pray alongside their pope .	But the rain did not dampen their enthusiasm to pray alongside their pope .	pos_neg	12900
I know what I am going to do .	I do not know what I am going to do .	pos_neg	12901
She said she had seen her boyfriend and feared he was arrested .	She said she had not seen her boyfriend and feared he was arrested .	pos_neg	12902
Only this time it is been the two teams exchanging words .	Only this time it is not been the two teams exchanging words .	pos_neg	12903
Patients who cannot be treated are charged for their visit .	Patients who cannot be treated are not charged for their visit .	pos_neg	12904
Generally speaking it is .	Generally speaking it is not .	pos_neg	12905
I assured him I was .	I assured him I was not .	pos_neg	12906
Cortesio said she had decided whether to pursue legal action .	Cortesio said she had not decided whether to pursue legal action .	pos_neg	12907
What the family is short of , is love .	What the family is not short of , is love .	pos_neg	12908
But Morgan State had had a winning season since 1988-89 .	But Morgan State had not had a winning season since 1988-89 .	pos_neg	12909
You find that in e-mail .	You do not find that in e-mail .	pos_neg	12910
Shut off the valve unless you smell or hear gas escaping .	Do not shut off the valve unless you smell or hear gas escaping .	pos_neg	12911
" We are going to give up , " Ramirez said .	" We are not going to give up , " Ramirez said .	pos_neg	12912
It is a public scandal when private explorers make fatal mistakes .	It is not a public scandal when private explorers make fatal mistakes .	pos_neg	12913
Cuba and Israel , possibly , although I was really listening .	Cuba and Israel , possibly , although I was not really listening .	pos_neg	12914
It was immediately clear what the penalties for infractions would be .	It was not immediately clear what the penalties for infractions would be .	pos_neg	12915
It demands a version of costly laser surgery to fix it .	It does not demand a version of costly laser surgery to fix it .	pos_neg	12916
Lucky played after the third quarter .	Lucky did not play after the third quarter .	pos_neg	12917
His agent , Scott Boras , participated in the talks .	His agent , Scott Boras , did not participate in the talks .	pos_neg	12918
Initially , they wanted to believe it .	Initially , they did not want to believe it .	pos_neg	12919
In Other Games And it is just the movie .	In Other Games And it is not just the movie .	pos_neg	12920
The man , like most , is that bothered by its findings .	The man , like most , is not that bothered by its findings .	pos_neg	12921
This is - you are a bounty hunter .	This is not - you are a bounty hunter .	pos_neg	12922
That means he lacks influence , however .	That does not mean he lacks influence , however .	pos_neg	12923
It is a hugely diverse population .	It is not a hugely diverse population .	pos_neg	12924
The local market comes without challenges .	The local market does not come without challenges .	pos_neg	12925
But he ruled out that scenario .	But he did not rule out that scenario .	pos_neg	12926
The clothes are overburdened with whimsy .	The clothes are not overburdened with whimsy .	pos_neg	12927
Martinez has thrown a no-hitter in 375 career starts .	Martinez has not thrown a no-hitter in 375 career starts .	pos_neg	12928
Blakemore said such lengthy and expensive trials were sustainable .	Blakemore said such lengthy and expensive trials were not sustainable .	pos_neg	12929
It was the first time .	It was not the first time .	pos_neg	12930
MR. MORFORD : I know the answer to that .	MR. MORFORD : I do not know the answer to that .	pos_neg	12931
That way , I take everything that is offered .	That way , I do not take everything that is offered .	pos_neg	12932
If you miss it , worry .	If you miss it , do not worry .	pos_neg	12933
Today 's action ends the legal battle over the transportation package .	Today 's action does not end the legal battle over the transportation package .	pos_neg	12934
It is something you can outsource to some other country .	It is not something you can outsource to some other country .	pos_neg	12935
I had felt very well all day really .	I had not felt very well all day really .	pos_neg	12936
id = 1733422007 But expect him to admit he was wrong .	id = 1733422007 But do not expect him to admit he was wrong .	pos_neg	12937
Absolute freedom is the way .	Absolute freedom is not the way .	pos_neg	12938
When it comes to discrimination , race is a choice .	When it comes to discrimination , race is not a choice .	pos_neg	12939
About Apostrophe Brands It is only immoral it is criminal too .	About Apostrophe Brands It is not only immoral it is criminal too .	pos_neg	12940
And baby talk is limited to humans .	And baby talk is not limited to humans .	pos_neg	12941
I know my son and he is into these things .	I know my son and he is not into these things .	pos_neg	12942
Players were the only ones soaking it all up .	Players were not the only ones soaking it all up .	pos_neg	12943
It is passive or abstract .	It is not passive or abstract .	pos_neg	12944
But Beijing 's problem is unique in the fast-growing country .	But Beijing 's problem is not unique in the fast-growing country .	pos_neg	12945
And I like cutting grass .	And I do not like cutting grass .	pos_neg	12946
Some people are invited to join - like her mother .	Some people are not invited to join - like her mother .	pos_neg	12947
Then I realize they are kidding .	Then I realize they are not kidding .	pos_neg	12948
But Bombay is only a great Indian city .	But Bombay is not only a great Indian city .	pos_neg	12949
The man in the wheelchair had stopped petting Freddie .	The man in the wheelchair had not stopped petting Freddie .	pos_neg	12950
The attack targets a vulnerability in the Macintosh operating system .	The attack does not target a vulnerability in the Macintosh operating system .	pos_neg	12951
The problem is , Miss Herbert is a novel .	The problem is , Miss Herbert is not a novel .	pos_neg	12952
I knew what I was doing .	I did not know what I was doing .	pos_neg	12953
Colletti said he had spoken with Boras for months .	Colletti said he had not spoken with Boras for months .	pos_neg	12954
Both men reported the incident .	Both men acknowledged not reporting the incident .	pos_neg	12955
He is untested .	He is not untested .	pos_neg	12956
But Clinton is just talking the talk .	But Clinton is not just talking the talk .	pos_neg	12957
A lawyer for Heredia responded to two messages seeking comment .	A lawyer for Heredia did not respond to two messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	12958
I am saying it is impossible .	I am not saying it is impossible .	pos_neg	12959
" It hurts , " Ecclestone said .	" It does not hurt , " Ecclestone said .	pos_neg	12960
They are difficult to track down and many read or write .	They are difficult to track down and many do not read or write .	pos_neg	12961
He had a number of those arrested .	He did not have a number of those arrested .	pos_neg	12962
Ms. Pirro has consistently maintained that the discussions constituted a crime .	Ms. Pirro has consistently maintained that the discussions did not constitute a crime .	pos_neg	12963
The motives for both killings were immediately clear .	The motives for both killings were not immediately clear .	pos_neg	12964
You get that charge .	You do not get that charge .	pos_neg	12965
I am going to be repeating Republican talking points .	I am not going to be repeating Republican talking points .	pos_neg	12966
One thing I know for sure : God is deaf .	One thing I know for sure : God is not deaf .	pos_neg	12967
Half of the defensive corps was with the team a year ago .	Half of the defensive corps was not with the team a year ago .	pos_neg	12968
" They just understand us as tribes , " he said .	" They just do not understand us as tribes , " he said .	pos_neg	12969
But this NBC show was live from Studio 8H in Rockefeller Center .	But this NBC show was not live from Studio 8H in Rockefeller Center .	pos_neg	12970
He succeeded .	He did not succeed .	pos_neg	12971
The Metropolitan police said they believed the incident was terror related .	The Metropolitan police said they did not believe the incident was terror related .	pos_neg	12972
Officials in his office were available to discuss details .	Officials in his office were not available to discuss details .	pos_neg	12973
It is clear whether the Army would support the idea .	It is not clear whether the Army would support the idea .	pos_neg	12974
They will face hatred they created and violence they cannot resolve .	They will face hatred they did not create and violence they cannot resolve .	pos_neg	12975
" " I just got it done when it counted .	" " I just did not get it done when it counted .	pos_neg	12976
The film also showed him asserting that gay sex was sinful .	The film also showed him asserting that gay sex was not sinful .	pos_neg	12977
But the finest culinary experiences are necessarily the most expensive .	But the finest culinary experiences are not necessarily the most expensive .	pos_neg	12978
And it works for the American people .	And it does not work for the American people .	pos_neg	12979
The Rockies have lost a road game in nearly six weeks .	The Rockies have not lost a road game in nearly six weeks .	pos_neg	12980
The former mayor was as friendly to everyone this week .	The former mayor was not as friendly to everyone this week .	pos_neg	12981
" He wanted to wait , " Gobeil said .	" He did not want to wait , " Gobeil said .	pos_neg	12982
I was there that evening .	I was not there that evening .	pos_neg	12983
Signals have been detected from the ship for more than 15 hours .	Signals have not been detected from the ship for more than 15 hours .	pos_neg	12984
The twists ended there .	The twists did not end there .	pos_neg	12985
The Indonesian government addressed how it would check illegal logging .	The Indonesian government did not address how it would check illegal logging .	pos_neg	12986
It took long for the personal letter to become obsolete .	It did not take long for the personal letter to become obsolete .	pos_neg	12987
That is enough for Peter Moore .	That is not enough for Peter Moore .	pos_neg	12988
These colours , that sport , such pubs tempt me .	These colours , that sport , such pubs do not tempt me .	pos_neg	12989
They harmed , let alone kill , her .	They did not harm , let alone kill , her .	pos_neg	12990
The Environment Agency says that quick fixes are the answer .	The Environment Agency says that quick fixes are not the answer .	pos_neg	12991
He said that was something they would consider but were planning .	He said that was something they would consider but were not planning .	pos_neg	12992
It bothers Stockton resident Don Bailey .	It does not bother Stockton resident Don Bailey .	pos_neg	12993
I enjoy the paparazzi chasing me everywhere .	I do not enjoy the paparazzi chasing me everywhere .	pos_neg	12994
Besides , most women get enough calcium in their diets anyway .	Besides , most women do not get enough calcium in their diets anyway .	pos_neg	12995
Hopefully he throws it to me .	Hopefully he does not throw it to me .	pos_neg	12996
Beat them and overburden them .	Do not beat them and overburden them .	pos_neg	12997
SOMETIMES love is quick to show itself .	SOMETIMES love is not quick to show itself .	pos_neg	12998
The children were believed to be in immediate danger .	The children were not believed to be in immediate danger .	pos_neg	12999
It idealizes , which makes it ideal .	It does not idealize , which makes it ideal .	pos_neg	13000
What happened next was funny .	What happened next was not funny .	pos_neg	13001
They want gloves , they say .	They do not want gloves , they say .	pos_neg	13002
I think he is doing outstanding .	I do not think he is doing outstanding .	pos_neg	13003
She is going to take the easy way out .	She is not going to take the easy way out .	pos_neg	13004
A caper or two on each is amiss .	A caper or two on each is not amiss .	pos_neg	13005
That is counting volunteers .	That is not counting volunteers .	pos_neg	13006
He went far .	He did not go far .	pos_neg	13007
I think he had really worked it out .	I do not think he had really worked it out .	pos_neg	13008
The House bill grants immunity .	The House bill does not grant immunity .	pos_neg	13009
Style is about safe choices , but the graceful tension of extremes .	Style is not about safe choices , but the graceful tension of extremes .	pos_neg	13010
Sunshine Minting returned calls seeking comment .	Sunshine Minting did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	13011
A spokesman for the union responded to a request for comment .	A spokesman for the union did not respond to a request for comment .	pos_neg	13012
" " It is only in their budget priorities .	" " It is not only in their budget priorities .	pos_neg	13013
They had met for months .	They had not met for months .	pos_neg	13014
But money here seems to be the main concern .	But money here does not seem to be the main concern .	pos_neg	13015
" It is a decision made lightly , " Bentley said .	" It is not a decision made lightly , " Bentley said .	pos_neg	13016
" " It is good enough .	" " It is not good enough .	pos_neg	13017
" " We are filling the seats .	" " We are not filling the seats .	pos_neg	13018
Ms Head has publicly disclosed the identity of that family .	Ms Head has not publicly disclosed the identity of that family .	pos_neg	13019
ESA said when that might be .	ESA did not say when that might be .	pos_neg	13020
Squeeze the dough together or overwork .	Do not squeeze the dough together or overwork .	pos_neg	13021
Surely that is right .	Surely that is not right .	pos_neg	13022
Cutting benefits is an answer .	Cutting benefits is not an answer .	pos_neg	13023
A telephone message left with Kid Rock 's publicist was immediately returned .	A telephone message left with Kid Rock 's publicist was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	13024
" I was peace and quiet , " Madina continues .	" I was not peace and quiet , " Madina continues .	pos_neg	13025
And Jankovic had played well in her previous match .	And Jankovic had not played well in her previous match .	pos_neg	13026
They were actually caught by the WWE 's drug policy .	They were not actually caught by the WWE 's drug policy .	pos_neg	13027
The want has already happened and people just realize it .	The want has already happened and people just do not realize it .	pos_neg	13028
But they were the first team to go undefeated .	But they were not the first team to go undefeated .	pos_neg	13029
School officials say they plan to close the school .	School officials say they do not plan to close the school .	pos_neg	13030
" " John , you are going to believe this .	" " John , you are not going to believe this .	pos_neg	13031
Even if buildings set limits on pets , municipalities do .	Even if buildings do not set limits on pets , municipalities do .	pos_neg	13032
Although this option has been discounted , it looks unlikely .	Although this option has not been discounted , it looks unlikely .	pos_neg	13033
The airlines are alone to blame for the mess .	The airlines are not alone to blame for the mess .	pos_neg	13034
Representatives of Merrill and Wachovia were immediately available for comment .	Representatives of Merrill and Wachovia were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	13035
Remarkably , they seem to be .	Remarkably , they do not seem to be .	pos_neg	13036
Many took blame for things that were working .	Many took blame for things that were not working .	pos_neg	13037
We have views that you get with your naked eye .	We have views that you do not get with your naked eye .	pos_neg	13038
Currently foreign multibrand retail stores are allowed in India .	Currently foreign multibrand retail stores are not allowed in India .	pos_neg	13039
It is that her doctor was mad .	It is not that her doctor was mad .	pos_neg	13040
I think a wife covers her breasts with bedsheets after sex .	I do not think a wife covers her breasts with bedsheets after sex .	pos_neg	13041
He was satisfied .	He was not satisfied .	pos_neg	13042
I know if they want to see me fail .	I do not know if they want to see me fail .	pos_neg	13043
They have come as quickly .	They have not come as quickly .	pos_neg	13044
Laura and I get to come -- we live here .	Laura and I get to come -- we do not live here .	pos_neg	13045
The Pieris said formaldehyde was of great concern .	The Pieris said formaldehyde was not of great concern .	pos_neg	13046
However , cuts are forecast soon .	However , cuts are not forecast soon .	pos_neg	13047
He said he knew the identity or affiliation of the attacker .	He said he did not know the identity or affiliation of the attacker .	pos_neg	13048
I would be angry because she was being a good friend .	I would be angry because she was not being a good friend .	pos_neg	13049
Q It is hypothetical .	Q It is not hypothetical .	pos_neg	13050
I want to make sure the deck collapses .	I want to make sure the deck does not collapse .	pos_neg	13051
" I am consumed by personal ambition , " Thompson said .	" I am not consumed by personal ambition , " Thompson said .	pos_neg	13052
The cost of the private search has been disclosed .	The cost of the private search has not been disclosed .	pos_neg	13053
" I know , " he says .	" I do not know , " he says .	pos_neg	13054
They are noisy enough .	They are not noisy enough .	pos_neg	13055
Being a sexual person means you are sexually active .	Being a sexual person does not mean you are sexually active .	pos_neg	13056
That is my job .	That is not my job .	pos_neg	13057
We also need consequences for spending that is proven to serve beneficiaries .	We also need consequences for spending that is not proven to serve beneficiaries .	pos_neg	13058
Unlike many of his customers , Wasserman grew up here .	Unlike many of his customers , Wasserman did not grow up here .	pos_neg	13059
Global issue It is just America 's problem - it is global .	Global issue It is not just America 's problem - it is global .	pos_neg	13060
" It is discouraging , " Mr. Obama replied .	" It is not discouraging , " Mr. Obama replied .	pos_neg	13061
They want us around .	They do not want us around .	pos_neg	13062
It was long before Nicklaus joined them .	It was not long before Nicklaus joined them .	pos_neg	13063
What is more , it matters .	What is more , it does not matter .	pos_neg	13064
Authorities have offered a motive for the killings .	Authorities have not offered a motive for the killings .	pos_neg	13065
It appears to have worked out .	It does not appear to have worked out .	pos_neg	13066
I doubted it .	I did not doubt it .	pos_neg	13067
Thompson tried to stop him .	Thompson did not try to stop him .	pos_neg	13068
However , the study ascertained how healthy the individuals actually were .	However , the study did not ascertain how healthy the individuals actually were .	pos_neg	13069
But it is our life .	But it is not our life .	pos_neg	13070
Existing measures inspire confidence .	Existing measures do not inspire confidence .	pos_neg	13071
You need to apply for a license .	You do not need to apply for a license .	pos_neg	13072
Genentech planned to compete with itself .	Genentech did not plan to compete with itself .	pos_neg	13073
But certain facts fit .	But certain facts do not fit .	pos_neg	13074
But that $ 23 billion detail was the important point .	But that $ 23 billion detail was not the important point .	pos_neg	13075
He hurries ; he lopes .	He does not hurry ; he lopes .	pos_neg	13076
But alas , that appears to be in Saban 's nature .	But alas , that does not appear to be in Saban 's nature .	pos_neg	13077
The film presents new evidence of fraud .	The film does not present new evidence of fraud .	pos_neg	13078
Reesing played in the fourth quarter and finished 21-for-26 .	Reesing did not play in the fourth quarter and finished 21-for-26 .	pos_neg	13079
Adjust heat so mixture burns .	Adjust heat so mixture does not burn .	pos_neg	13080
Mid-sized meteorites are hot .	Mid-sized meteorites are not hot .	pos_neg	13081
It is something you can fudge .	It is not something you can fudge .	pos_neg	13082
Visas are required for U.S. citizens .	Visas are not required for U.S. citizens .	pos_neg	13083
Self-defense is a valid reason .	Self-defense is not a valid reason .	pos_neg	13084
That is what you want to see .	That is not what you want to see .	pos_neg	13085
Boys who like science go to our school .	Boys who like science do not go to our school .	pos_neg	13086
Such incidents are isolated .	Such incidents are not isolated .	pos_neg	13087
We caution that the foregoing list of important factors is exclusive .	We caution that the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive .	pos_neg	13088
Motorway meeting It was immediately clear if she had a lawyer .	Motorway meeting It was not immediately clear if she had a lawyer .	pos_neg	13089
As such , he trusts giddy , euphoric periods like 2003-2005 .	As such , he does not trust giddy , euphoric periods like 2003-2005 .	pos_neg	13090
They are for the faint of faith .	They are not for the faint of faith .	pos_neg	13091
The officials identified the serviceman or his family .	The officials did not identify the serviceman or his family .	pos_neg	13092
It is a privilege , its a protection .	It is not a privilege , its a protection .	pos_neg	13093
Keith Jardine had heard of Houston Alexander .	Keith Jardine had not heard of Houston Alexander .	pos_neg	13094
You allow her to have friends .	You do not allow her to have friends .	pos_neg	13095
And what we need is another eight years of bickering .	And what we do not need is another eight years of bickering .	pos_neg	13096
Since then , the author has spoken to prosecutors .	Since then , the author has not spoken to prosecutors .	pos_neg	13097
He knew how Coon got into the building Wednesday .	He did not know how Coon got into the building Wednesday .	pos_neg	13098
That happened to be the case .	That did not happen to be the case .	pos_neg	13099
Mr. Khakwani said he was asked to resign .	Mr. Khakwani said he was not asked to resign .	pos_neg	13100
The service honored just the deceased , Vaughn said .	The service did not honor just the deceased , Vaughn said .	pos_neg	13101
NBC says warrants are required under Texas law .	NBC says warrants are not required under Texas law .	pos_neg	13102
I think the situation is becoming better .	I do not think the situation is becoming better .	pos_neg	13103
And that the U.S. is the ultimate authority in their country .	And that the U.S. is not the ultimate authority in their country .	pos_neg	13104
They had time .	They did not have time .	pos_neg	13105
It is going to change people 's lifestyles .	It is not going to change people 's lifestyles .	pos_neg	13106
But roads last forever .	But roads do not last forever .	pos_neg	13107
I mind small-talking sometimes .	I do not mind small-talking sometimes .	pos_neg	13108
Carr attended the court hearing in West Chester .	Carr did not attend the court hearing in West Chester .	pos_neg	13109
BiDil is the only ethnically-targeted drug .	BiDil is not the only ethnically-targeted drug .	pos_neg	13110
Scurry , meanwhile , had played a full game in three months .	Scurry , meanwhile , had not played a full game in three months .	pos_neg	13111
Because they are willing to confront , they can turn to backstabbing .	Because they are not willing to confront , they can turn to backstabbing .	pos_neg	13112
The public perception of hydrogen is an issue .	The public perception of hydrogen is not an issue .	pos_neg	13113
Global Atomics also responded to inquiries .	Global Atomics also did not respond to inquiries .	pos_neg	13114
The cause of death is known .	The cause of death is not known .	pos_neg	13115
From then on , Cho liked to be touched .	From then on , Cho did not like to be touched .	pos_neg	13116
You notice what 's happening .	You do not notice what 's happening .	pos_neg	13117
And I am alone .	And I am not alone .	pos_neg	13118
Whereas the Pucci woman has time to mess about .	Whereas the Pucci woman does not have time to mess about .	pos_neg	13119
But , he said , it is all high end .	But , he said , it is not all high end .	pos_neg	13120
BPP is the first private institution to have degree-awarding powers .	BPP is not the first private institution to have degree-awarding powers .	pos_neg	13121
But simply eating hot sauce is going to help .	But simply eating hot sauce is not going to help .	pos_neg	13122
The contract offer was so awful .	The contract offer was not so awful .	pos_neg	13123
The group 's press office returned phone messages yesterday .	The group 's press office did not return phone messages yesterday .	pos_neg	13124
" My feelings are hurt , " the president said .	" My feelings are not hurt , " the president said .	pos_neg	13125
Yet in nearly every prison , many prisoners are working .	Yet in nearly every prison , many prisoners are not working .	pos_neg	13126
And she was kidding .	And she was not kidding .	pos_neg	13127
And panic .	And do not panic .	pos_neg	13128
" This is remotely NAFTA , " Rep. Earl Blumenauer , D-Ore .	" This is not remotely NAFTA , " Rep. Earl Blumenauer , D-Ore .	pos_neg	13129
But if you try you will never know .	But if you do not try you will never know .	pos_neg	13130
The project is in danger of foreclosure , he said .	The project is not in danger of foreclosure , he said .	pos_neg	13131
It is just that it is in stick form .	It is just that it is not in stick form .	pos_neg	13132
Nature just wants to make pandas .	Nature just does not want to make pandas .	pos_neg	13133
However , these words are the exclusive means of identifying such statements .	However , these words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements .	pos_neg	13134
By the way , it was .	By the way , it was not .	pos_neg	13135
And it is just Republicans cashing in on their service .	And it is not just Republicans cashing in on their service .	pos_neg	13136
We need a bomb .	We do not need a bomb .	pos_neg	13137
The second incident was reported to the police .	The second incident was not reported to the police .	pos_neg	13138
But " it is a coming-out tale , " Felin says .	But " it is not a coming-out tale , " Felin says .	pos_neg	13139
He had .	He had not .	pos_neg	13140
He added Finnair knows the cost of the proposed regulation .	He added Finnair does not know the cost of the proposed regulation .	pos_neg	13141
I know if he was going or what .	I do not know if he was going or what .	pos_neg	13142
I wanted it to happen .	I did not want it to happen .	pos_neg	13143
" But we were speaking of him , " Oakwood pointed out .	" But we were not speaking of him , " Oakwood pointed out .	pos_neg	13144
I just thought about it .	I just did not think about it .	pos_neg	13145
Past Performance is a guide to future performance .	Past Performance is not a guide to future performance .	pos_neg	13146
I CAN 'T remember a time when I have had a dog .	I CAN 'T remember a time when I have not had a dog .	pos_neg	13147
The identities of the injured men were immediately released by the authorities .	The identities of the injured men were not immediately released by the authorities .	pos_neg	13148
DONOVAN McNABB : There are that many African-American quarterbacks .	DONOVAN McNABB : There are not that many African-American quarterbacks .	pos_neg	13149
It is foisted upon them .	It is not foisted upon them .	pos_neg	13150
The Yankees ' rookie has allowed a run in 11 games .	The Yankees ' rookie has not allowed a run in 11 games .	pos_neg	13151
Most of the jobs are in traditional banks .	Most of the jobs are not in traditional banks .	pos_neg	13152
It took long before they fell in love , he claims .	It did not take long before they fell in love , he claims .	pos_neg	13153
It was immediately possible to reconcile the differences .	It was not immediately possible to reconcile the differences .	pos_neg	13154
I try to do that .	I do not try to do that .	pos_neg	13155
Katelyn Kampf said the past year has been easy for her .	Katelyn Kampf said the past year has not been easy for her .	pos_neg	13156
I wanted to die .	I did not want to die .	pos_neg	13157
This is the first time popular television has inaccurately portrayed the condition .	This is not the first time popular television has inaccurately portrayed the condition .	pos_neg	13158
" " I think Georgia can stop Scotland in this form .	" " I do not think Georgia can stop Scotland in this form .	pos_neg	13159
Latifah 's fooling around .	Latifah 's not fooling around .	pos_neg	13160
Airbus was immediately available for comment .	Airbus was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	13161
Death is an obsession , just a reality .	Death is not an obsession , just a reality .	pos_neg	13162
But if neighborhood politics work , then you could consider litigation .	But if neighborhood politics do not work , then you could consider litigation .	pos_neg	13163
Indonesia and Thailand were included in that tally .	Indonesia and Thailand were not included in that tally .	pos_neg	13164
Sure looked it .	Sure did not look it .	pos_neg	13165
The letters themselves exist .	The letters themselves do not exist .	pos_neg	13166
But he provided more specific timeframes .	But he did not provide more specific timeframes .	pos_neg	13167
" " I am going to see a worse criminal .	" " I am not going to see a worse criminal .	pos_neg	13168
" I consider myself a frontrunner , " Clinton said .	" I do not consider myself a frontrunner , " Clinton said .	pos_neg	13169
You let them have a voice .	You did not let them have a voice .	pos_neg	13170
He has missed one like that in four or five years .	He has not missed one like that in four or five years .	pos_neg	13171
We want to be entertained .	We do not want to be entertained .	pos_neg	13172
Besides , he needs the money or crave the attention .	Besides , he does not need the money or crave the attention .	pos_neg	13173
Giuliani Has Been To Iraq .	Giuliani Has Not Been To Iraq .	pos_neg	13174
Journalists are a cut above the rest .	Journalists are not a cut above the rest .	pos_neg	13175
So we went into party mode .	So we did not go into party mode .	pos_neg	13176
Things have been the same for the Indians since .	Things have not been the same for the Indians since .	pos_neg	13177
It is just a fad .	It is not just a fad .	pos_neg	13178
The bottom line : Matching food and wine is sweat-worthy .	The bottom line : Matching food and wine is not sweat-worthy .	pos_neg	13179
These are the best conditions .	These are not the best conditions .	pos_neg	13180
And yet even there the theme of reality is far away .	And yet even there the theme of reality is not far away .	pos_neg	13181
I find it difficult to appear detached .	I do not find it difficult to appear detached .	pos_neg	13182
That stops the rockets .	That does not stop the rockets .	pos_neg	13183
A judge asked Qayyum what would happen if Musharraf was re- elected .	A judge asked Qayyum what would happen if Musharraf was not re- elected .	pos_neg	13184
Its title , " A Free Life , " is altogether ironic .	Its title , " A Free Life , " is not altogether ironic .	pos_neg	13185
And it is just Amazon .	And it is not just Amazon .	pos_neg	13186
" We are going to limit ourselves , " he said .	" We are not going to limit ourselves , " he said .	pos_neg	13187
But expect Mr. Jones to relive his 1987 glory .	But do not expect Mr. Jones to relive his 1987 glory .	pos_neg	13188
He played in the second half .	He did not play in the second half .	pos_neg	13189
Even then it demanded their full attention .	Even then it did not demand their full attention .	pos_neg	13190
I am the president .	I am not the president .	pos_neg	13191
Wilson 's office returned repeated calls for comment Sunday .	Wilson 's office did not return repeated calls for comment Sunday .	pos_neg	13192
It has turned out that way .	It has not turned out that way .	pos_neg	13193
Other brokers were so sure .	Other brokers were not so sure .	pos_neg	13194
It is clear , though , that a merger would make sense .	It is not clear , though , that a merger would make sense .	pos_neg	13195
But the government took them up on it .	But the government did not take them up on it .	pos_neg	13196
But you have to be a club member to fly .	But you do not have to be a club member to fly .	pos_neg	13197
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - These were the Fightin ' Phils .	PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - These were not the Fightin ' Phils .	pos_neg	13198
Conflagrations on the scale of this week 's disaster are uncommon .	Conflagrations on the scale of this week 's disaster are not uncommon .	pos_neg	13199
Football Rivalry at Center of Bar Fight He is besieged with offers .	Football Rivalry at Center of Bar Fight He is not besieged with offers .	pos_neg	13200
But it said it was safe for passengers to gather there .	But it said it was not safe for passengers to gather there .	pos_neg	13201
But Pepper was totally wrong .	But Pepper was not totally wrong .	pos_neg	13202
Social networking sites are the only culprits .	Social networking sites are not the only culprits .	pos_neg	13203
Halloween , for instance , went unnoticed in orbit .	Halloween , for instance , did not go unnoticed in orbit .	pos_neg	13204
The broadcaster said that the conversations involved political or terrorist activity .	The broadcaster said that the conversations did not involve political or terrorist activity .	pos_neg	13205
It is just that Miss Skattergoods is here , she told herself .	It is just that Miss Skattergoods is not here , she told herself .	pos_neg	13206
And it is also a look she has deviated from for decades .	And it is also a look she has not deviated from for decades .	pos_neg	13207
It is my character .	It is not my character .	pos_neg	13208
By Katharine Q. Seelye But he has been charged in Massachusetts .	By Katharine Q. Seelye But he has not been charged in Massachusetts .	pos_neg	13209
Mr. Obama joined them .	Mr. Obama did not join them .	pos_neg	13210
I am endorsing it or compromising on it .	I am not endorsing it or compromising on it .	pos_neg	13211
This fame is thanks to his own blog .	This fame is not thanks to his own blog .	pos_neg	13212
" They basically had a plan , " Moreno said .	" They basically did not have a plan , " Moreno said .	pos_neg	13213
But she was in great shape , she said .	But she was not in great shape , she said .	pos_neg	13214
Beta Steel Corp. " I care , " she said .	Beta Steel Corp. " I do not care , " she said .	pos_neg	13215
However , the Scotland Act 1978 was endorsed in the 1979 referendum .	However , the Scotland Act 1978 was not endorsed in the 1979 referendum .	pos_neg	13216
She told me something I knew when I was 7 .	She told me something I did not know when I was 7 .	pos_neg	13217
" I have pain really , " he said .	" I do not have pain really , " he said .	pos_neg	13218
She remembers doing it .	She does not remember doing it .	pos_neg	13219
And yet the middle classes supported Democrats .	And yet the middle classes did not support Democrats .	pos_neg	13220
Their adrenaline level goes up because of the noise .	Their adrenaline level does not go up because of the noise .	pos_neg	13221
His condition was released .	His condition was not released .	pos_neg	13222
The doctor had it in stock right then .	The doctor did not have it in stock right then .	pos_neg	13223
' " They expect the Anacostia they find .	' " They do not expect the Anacostia they find .	pos_neg	13224
But if you think this sounds familiar , it is .	But if you think this sounds familiar , it is not .	pos_neg	13225
Don 't hold hands , snog your partner in George Square .	Don 't hold hands , do not snog your partner in George Square .	pos_neg	13226
This was Zuma 's only brush with the law .	This was not Zuma 's only brush with the law .	pos_neg	13227
Pierce Brosnan 's spokeswoman was immediately available for comment .	Pierce Brosnan 's spokeswoman was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	13228
Though that is necessarily a good thing .	Though that is not necessarily a good thing .	pos_neg	13229
But getting the honor came easily .	But getting the honor did not come easily .	pos_neg	13230
Zest , after all , is confined to citrus .	Zest , after all , is not confined to citrus .	pos_neg	13231
Spokesmen for the Bureau of Prisons said it was reconsidering its policy .	Spokesmen for the Bureau of Prisons said it was not reconsidering its policy .	pos_neg	13232
We have had him on a regular basis .	We have not had him on a regular basis .	pos_neg	13233
It was a lot of people , but they were great .	It was not a lot of people , but they were great .	pos_neg	13234
IT 'S GOING TO TAKE TIME Real estate crashes end quickly .	IT 'S GOING TO TAKE TIME Real estate crashes do not end quickly .	pos_neg	13235
The Dodgers ' payroll is meager .	The Dodgers ' payroll is not meager .	pos_neg	13236
So I am worried about her standing here at the podium .	So I am not worried about her standing here at the podium .	pos_neg	13237
They are going to cheat their dogs .	They are not going to cheat their dogs .	pos_neg	13238
Eric Schmidt , Google 's chief executive , has ruled it out .	Eric Schmidt , Google 's chief executive , has not ruled it out .	pos_neg	13239
Pearson has responded to recent requests for comment .	Pearson has not responded to recent requests for comment .	pos_neg	13240
This was just an evening of offbeat fun for the Philharmonic .	This was not just an evening of offbeat fun for the Philharmonic .	pos_neg	13241
Abruptly , Mr. Condon realized he had eaten all day .	Abruptly , Mr. Condon realized he had not eaten all day .	pos_neg	13242
And we know that it is easy to cut them off .	And we know that it is not easy to cut them off .	pos_neg	13243
George Arney : I am surprised .	George Arney : I am not surprised .	pos_neg	13244
An e-mail message to a Virgin Mobile Australia spokeswoman was answered .	An e-mail message to a Virgin Mobile Australia spokeswoman was not answered .	pos_neg	13245
We are interested in rewarding agents of change .	We are not interested in rewarding agents of change .	pos_neg	13246
But life under Ian Smith was better than it is now .	But life under Ian Smith was not better than it is now .	pos_neg	13247
This country looks like a country in economic trouble .	This country does not look like a country in economic trouble .	pos_neg	13248
Aside from the personal sacrifices , it is hard work .	Aside from the personal sacrifices , it is not hard work .	pos_neg	13249
The boundaries of that monument included the rock quarry .	The boundaries of that monument did not include the rock quarry .	pos_neg	13250
" " So I know where we go forward with that .	" " So I do not know where we go forward with that .	pos_neg	13251
They could have been 17 , except they most definitely were .	They could have been 17 , except they most definitely were not .	pos_neg	13252
WADA is working .	WADA is not working .	pos_neg	13253
For some patients , that conclusion came soon enough .	For some patients , that conclusion did not come soon enough .	pos_neg	13254
Blair ' great leader' SACHA VAN LOO is your typical cop .	Blair ' great leader' SACHA VAN LOO is not your typical cop .	pos_neg	13255
Abstinence-only works .	Abstinence-only does not work .	pos_neg	13256
I think we are too stretched in that regard .	I do not think we are too stretched in that regard .	pos_neg	13257
He is a desperate person .	He is not a desperate person .	pos_neg	13258
Of course , Russia is the only generator of Internet havoc .	Of course , Russia is not the only generator of Internet havoc .	pos_neg	13259
We are hidebound by party policy .	We are not hidebound by party policy .	pos_neg	13260
He was ready for the inimitable Roger Federer .	He was not ready for the inimitable Roger Federer .	pos_neg	13261
But believe Microsoft Corp. ' s marketing and PR hype machine .	But do not believe Microsoft Corp. ' s marketing and PR hype machine .	pos_neg	13262
" " The story ended up fully satisfying .	" " The story did not end up fully satisfying .	pos_neg	13263
It is just young newcomers to dance who frequent the lounge .	It is not just young newcomers to dance who frequent the lounge .	pos_neg	13264
Josh Beckett needed another shutout to beat the Cleveland Indians .	Josh Beckett did not need another shutout to beat the Cleveland Indians .	pos_neg	13265
It is a disease .	It is not a disease .	pos_neg	13266
" You need to , " Bilal replied .	" You do not need to , " Bilal replied .	pos_neg	13267
It is a legal issue .	It is not a legal issue .	pos_neg	13268
Ankara 's past warnings have proved hollow .	Ankara 's past warnings have not proved hollow .	pos_neg	13269
I seek activity in bathrooms .	I do not seek activity in bathrooms .	pos_neg	13270
The Kurds are a major force outside their own region .	The Kurds are not a major force outside their own region .	pos_neg	13271
Even success has kept Parcells around .	Even success has not kept Parcells around .	pos_neg	13272
Fares include per-segment tax of $ 3.40 .	Fares do not include per-segment tax of $ 3.40 .	pos_neg	13273
Singer-songwriters usually treat their babies this way .	Singer-songwriters usually do not treat their babies this way .	pos_neg	13274
He addressed reporters afterward .	He did not address reporters afterward .	pos_neg	13275
" We know what they were told , " he said .	" We do not know what they were told , " he said .	pos_neg	13276
I know what kind I want .	I do not know what kind I want .	pos_neg	13277
He has won since 2005 .	He has not won since 2005 .	pos_neg	13278
His job is as cushy as it sounds .	His job is not as cushy as it sounds .	pos_neg	13279
An Estee Lauder spokesman was immediately available for comment .	An Estee Lauder spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	13280
Bono said the situation belonged to the 21st century .	Bono said the situation did not belong to the 21st century .	pos_neg	13281
It sounds like a metaphysical question , but it is .	It sounds like a metaphysical question , but it is not .	pos_neg	13282
But they seem to mind .	But they do not seem to mind .	pos_neg	13283
The Bush administration took issue with the findings .	The Bush administration did not take issue with the findings .	pos_neg	13284
Pugh responded to messages about the allegations against Coleman .	Pugh did not respond to messages about the allegations against Coleman .	pos_neg	13285
Conclusion 3 follows from assumptions 1 and 2 .	Conclusion 3 does not follow from assumptions 1 and 2 .	pos_neg	13286
Figuring out how much money someone has is an easy task .	Figuring out how much money someone has is not an easy task .	pos_neg	13287
The size of Starwood 's stake has been disclosed .	The size of Starwood 's stake has not been disclosed .	pos_neg	13288
This is London , you know !	This is not London , you know !	pos_neg	13289
The officials declined to say what procedures were followed .	The officials declined to say what procedures were not followed .	pos_neg	13290
You 're going to look back and make excuses .	You 're not going to look back and make excuses .	pos_neg	13291
They are just enlarged versions of ordinary men ; they are giants .	They are not just enlarged versions of ordinary men ; they are giants .	pos_neg	13292
The reported revenues include collaboration funding from SDI .	The reported revenues do not include collaboration funding from SDI .	pos_neg	13293
Yet those were his own leanings .	Yet those were not his own leanings .	pos_neg	13294
GeneScience officials returned phone calls seeking comment last week .	GeneScience officials did not return phone calls seeking comment last week .	pos_neg	13295
His age was known last night .	His age was not known last night .	pos_neg	13296
I knew one answer .	I did not know one answer .	pos_neg	13297
Let 's become a victim .	Let 's not become a victim .	pos_neg	13298
1900 - Tonga becomes a British protected state but is formally colonised .	1900 - Tonga becomes a British protected state but is not formally colonised .	pos_neg	13299
He settles for mediocrity .	He does not settle for mediocrity .	pos_neg	13300
But these hard-hitting Quackers were finished .	But these hard-hitting Quackers were not finished .	pos_neg	13301
His body shots hurt me , I was just tired .	His body shots did not hurt me , I was just tired .	pos_neg	13302
I want to call David Fowler .	I do not want to call David Fowler .	pos_neg	13303
It is the first TV series inspired by a TV commercial .	It is not the first TV series inspired by a TV commercial .	pos_neg	13304
One man conceded that he had voted since the 1980s .	One man conceded that he had not voted since the 1980s .	pos_neg	13305
I just get it .	I just do not get it .	pos_neg	13306
It has always been this easy .	It has not always been this easy .	pos_neg	13307
The joy that you are looking for is far from you .	The joy that you are looking for is not far from you .	pos_neg	13308
When reporters showed up on time , FEMA staffers asked questions .	When reporters did not show up on time , FEMA staffers asked questions .	pos_neg	13309
Epperly said he knew if Collings had an attorney .	Epperly said he did not know if Collings had an attorney .	pos_neg	13310
The first four were .	The first four were not .	pos_neg	13311
The driver of the Mercedes car was injured .	The driver of the Mercedes car was not injured .	pos_neg	13312
And then you are telling stories that are personal enough .	And then you are telling stories that are not personal enough .	pos_neg	13313
Mr. O 'Brien was mentioned in Father Ajemian 's message .	Mr. O 'Brien was not mentioned in Father Ajemian 's message .	pos_neg	13314
This was a team who had a clue about 50-over cricket .	This was a team who did not have a clue about 50-over cricket .	pos_neg	13315
" I am impressed with your completion schedule , " Mitchell said .	" I am not impressed with your completion schedule , " Mitchell said .	pos_neg	13316
And children often are upfront with their depression .	And children often are not upfront with their depression .	pos_neg	13317
Badgers End Wolverines ' Win Streak at 8 She is offended .	Badgers End Wolverines ' Win Streak at 8 She is not offended .	pos_neg	13318
But , Senator Roberts added : Bluntly put , they are .	But , Senator Roberts added : Bluntly put , they are not .	pos_neg	13319
I want to be waiting another eight years for a final .	I do not want to be waiting another eight years for a final .	pos_neg	13320
I managed it .	I did not manage it .	pos_neg	13321
Items like eggs , milk and butter were easily available .	Items like eggs , milk and butter were not easily available .	pos_neg	13322
And that is the purpose of the program .	And that is not the purpose of the program .	pos_neg	13323
But I am a seeker for movement .	But I am not a seeker for movement .	pos_neg	13324
Umar Gul It is a whole lot more complicated than that .	Umar Gul It is not a whole lot more complicated than that .	pos_neg	13325
But that is the only good news they got this year .	But that is not the only good news they got this year .	pos_neg	13326
Sarah Kaufman You guys know the half of it .	Sarah Kaufman You guys do not know the half of it .	pos_neg	13327
Standard antibiotics affect MDR TB , and patients need special drugs .	Standard antibiotics do not affect MDR TB , and patients need special drugs .	pos_neg	13328
We are non-partisan and raise money .	We are non-partisan and do not raise money .	pos_neg	13329
His agent , Scott Boras , participated .	His agent , Scott Boras , did not participate .	pos_neg	13330
productions of the I allow them .	productions of the I do not allow them .	pos_neg	13331
Geiger knew who had donated the lungs that saved his life .	Geiger did not know who had donated the lungs that saved his life .	pos_neg	13332
One changeup was fast enough to register on the ballpark radar gun .	One changeup was not fast enough to register on the ballpark radar gun .	pos_neg	13333
Mirena may be for you if pill-taking is your thing .	Mirena may be for you if pill-taking is not your thing .	pos_neg	13334
It usually comes to that .	It usually does not come to that .	pos_neg	13335
And I think we ought to be providing bail-outs for lenders .	And I do not think we ought to be providing bail-outs for lenders .	pos_neg	13336
No I am surprised .	No I am not surprised .	pos_neg	13337
That vote is expected to succeed .	That vote is not expected to succeed .	pos_neg	13338
I think it is ' Bullies .	I do not think it is ' Bullies .	pos_neg	13339
It is known how long the bones had been buried .	It is not known how long the bones had been buried .	pos_neg	13340
It is right to think this .	It is not right to think this .	pos_neg	13341
I came to get seventh .	I did not come to get seventh .	pos_neg	13342
He has an ego bigger than the team .	He does not have an ego bigger than the team .	pos_neg	13343
He gave a time frame for making a decision .	He did not give a time frame for making a decision .	pos_neg	13344
But they have Wal-Mart .	But they do not have Wal-Mart .	pos_neg	13345
Leo also reminds people that this problem is just restricted to Chicago .	Leo also reminds people that this problem is not just restricted to Chicago .	pos_neg	13346
David Cameron is only younger , but cooler under fire .	David Cameron is not only younger , but cooler under fire .	pos_neg	13347
Alas it was to be .	Alas it was not to be .	pos_neg	13348
The Hokies have played a 3-4 defense this season .	The Hokies have not played a 3-4 defense this season .	pos_neg	13349
He added that Kerik was nominated solely upon Giuliani 's recommendation .	He added that Kerik was not nominated solely upon Giuliani 's recommendation .	pos_neg	13350
Richard insisted he was responsible for the woman 's death .	Richard insisted he was not responsible for the woman 's death .	pos_neg	13351
That youth insulates it from infra-structure problems .	That youth does not insulate it from infra-structure problems .	pos_neg	13352
They supply snacks and make sure things get too rowdy .	They supply snacks and make sure things do not get too rowdy .	pos_neg	13353
They said the injuries were serious .	They said the injuries were not serious .	pos_neg	13354
Calls to their mobile phones were answered .	Calls to their mobile phones were not answered .	pos_neg	13355
Now they are powerful enough to do so .	Now they are not powerful enough to do so .	pos_neg	13356
That was good enough .	That was not good enough .	pos_neg	13357
I sit there shocked .	I do not sit there shocked .	pos_neg	13358
Tory school plans ' impractical' This is a total surprise .	Tory school plans ' impractical' This is not a total surprise .	pos_neg	13359
Moody 's move was a surprise .	Moody 's move was not a surprise .	pos_neg	13360
It is the kind of flashy tidbit guaranteed to goose online traffic .	It is not the kind of flashy tidbit guaranteed to goose online traffic .	pos_neg	13361
He bowed his head before dictatorship and terrorism .	He did not bow his head before dictatorship and terrorism .	pos_neg	13362
But it has been easy .	But it has not been easy .	pos_neg	13363
A British police inquiry decided she was .	A British police inquiry decided she was not .	pos_neg	13364
But what constitutes a " story " is clear-cut .	But what constitutes a " story " is not clear-cut .	pos_neg	13365
The effort went well .	The effort did not go well .	pos_neg	13366
I think they 've got the idea .	I do not think they 've got the idea .	pos_neg	13367
The close call deterred them .	The close call did not deter them .	pos_neg	13368
The assistants were required to be glamorous , Mr. Gaines said .	The assistants were not required to be glamorous , Mr. Gaines said .	pos_neg	13369
I am going to do that .	I am not going to do that .	pos_neg	13370
So it is a nice , clean cut .	So it is not a nice , clean cut .	pos_neg	13371
A weakness for hyperbole is an unknown quality among web-evangelists .	A weakness for hyperbole is not an unknown quality among web-evangelists .	pos_neg	13372
Imagine there is no Countrywide , it is hard to do .	Imagine there is no Countrywide , it is not hard to do .	pos_neg	13373
If she eases up , she risks losing the race .	If she does not ease up , she risks losing the race .	pos_neg	13374
Patching beyond 12 weeks conferred additional benefit .	Patching beyond 12 weeks did not confer additional benefit .	pos_neg	13375
Raised in a working-class home , Barhom says he chose acting .	Raised in a working-class home , Barhom says he did not choose acting .	pos_neg	13376
It feels like greed .	It does not feel like greed .	pos_neg	13377
I am surprised that a compromise has been reached .	I am surprised that a compromise has not been reached .	pos_neg	13378
Those same polls show similar electability arguments working against Clinton .	Those same polls do not show similar electability arguments working against Clinton .	pos_neg	13379
I was very controversial then , and I was popular .	I was very controversial then , and I was not popular .	pos_neg	13380
The diarist is always prescient .	The diarist is not always prescient .	pos_neg	13381
He was pleased .	He was not pleased .	pos_neg	13382
I sense , however , that she is really listening .	I sense , however , that she is not really listening .	pos_neg	13383
The acts Hu envisioned were subtle .	The acts Hu envisioned were not subtle .	pos_neg	13384
Football is a tidy game played by well-mannered , emotionally balanced gentlemen .	Football is not a tidy game played by well-mannered , emotionally balanced gentlemen .	pos_neg	13385
One said that she had authorized the grant to be redirected .	One said that she had not authorized the grant to be redirected .	pos_neg	13386
To go to Annapolis and lose a government is a good idea .	To go to Annapolis and lose a government is not a good idea .	pos_neg	13387
I felt very confident .	I did not feel very confident .	pos_neg	13388
She has been named by police .	She has not been named by police .	pos_neg	13389
Don 't call if you simply think the toy is fun .	Don 't call if you simply think the toy is not fun .	pos_neg	13390
" This was a teen house party , " she said .	" This was not a teen house party , " she said .	pos_neg	13391
So it felt like treading the same ground .	So it did not feel like treading the same ground .	pos_neg	13392
That is pedagogy ; it is unpaid labor .	That is not pedagogy ; it is unpaid labor .	pos_neg	13393
id = 1556752007 Budgeting across all categories is necessary .	id = 1556752007 Budgeting across all categories is not necessary .	pos_neg	13394
You want to be on a respirator in 2010 .	You do not want to be on a respirator in 2010 .	pos_neg	13395
It is just a shame we had done it earlier .	It is just a shame we had not done it earlier .	pos_neg	13396
The music is always stark .	The music is not always stark .	pos_neg	13397
" Their reaction was very positive , " she says .	" Their reaction was not very positive , " she says .	pos_neg	13398
We are a one-issue government .	We are not a one-issue government .	pos_neg	13399
It is just flights that are being delayed .	It is not just flights that are being delayed .	pos_neg	13400
To be clear , there is a magic solution .	To be clear , there is not a magic solution .	pos_neg	13401
Johnson waited .	Johnson did not wait .	pos_neg	13402
Authorities have disclosed a motive for the killings .	Authorities have not disclosed a motive for the killings .	pos_neg	13403
But dental insurance ( in general ) covers implants .	But dental insurance ( in general ) does not cover implants .	pos_neg	13404
It is business .	It is not business .	pos_neg	13405
Others think they are dangerously inadequate because they cover catastrophic expenses .	Others think they are dangerously inadequate because they do not cover catastrophic expenses .	pos_neg	13406
I 'll have sex with one , get me wrong .	I 'll have sex with one , do not get me wrong .	pos_neg	13407
Our profession has benefited by their presence .	Our profession has not benefited by their presence .	pos_neg	13408
HUCKABEE : I think I am an attack dog .	HUCKABEE : I do not think I am an attack dog .	pos_neg	13409
If it went , he stuck with it .	If it did not go , he stuck with it .	pos_neg	13410
It seems like resources are keeping up .	It does not seem like resources are keeping up .	pos_neg	13411
The Russian church approved the new document .	The Russian church did not approve the new document .	pos_neg	13412
I think , overall , the position is too bad .	I think , overall , the position is not too bad .	pos_neg	13413
Sometimes people think that means we are " real " Hispanics .	Sometimes people think that means we are not " real " Hispanics .	pos_neg	13414
Rebel spokesmen answered phone calls seeking further comment .	Rebel spokesmen did not answer phone calls seeking further comment .	pos_neg	13415
They come from here .	They do not come from here .	pos_neg	13416
You feel like you 've left the country but you have .	You feel like you 've left the country but you have not .	pos_neg	13417
" I want to be a puppet , " she said .	" I do not want to be a puppet , " she said .	pos_neg	13418
Mind you , it was called Shibuya University then .	Mind you , it was not called Shibuya University then .	pos_neg	13419
It is alone in trying to provide one-stop shopping for digital entertainment .	It is not alone in trying to provide one-stop shopping for digital entertainment .	pos_neg	13420
The birds were visibly sick , he said .	The birds were not visibly sick , he said .	pos_neg	13421
" We have bottomed out , " he said .	" We have not bottomed out , " he said .	pos_neg	13422
The declaration of the five states specified a particular threat .	The declaration of the five states did not specify a particular threat .	pos_neg	13423
He gets rattled by pressure .	He does not get rattled by pressure .	pos_neg	13424
The opposition fielded a candidate .	The opposition did not field a candidate .	pos_neg	13425
He provided further details .	He did not provide further details .	pos_neg	13426
He revealed details of the deal .	He did not reveal details of the deal .	pos_neg	13427
His manager thinks the WBC gave Maskaev a fair shot .	His manager thinks the WBC did not give Maskaev a fair shot .	pos_neg	13428
He gave his name .	He did not give his name .	pos_neg	13429
That is how heroes behave .	That is not how heroes behave .	pos_neg	13430
- and got the best season from Ramirez .	- and did not get the best season from Ramirez .	pos_neg	13431
Measurements are subjective - they should be a statement of fact .	Measurements are not subjective - they should be a statement of fact .	pos_neg	13432
Palermo said the ban has had a big impact .	Palermo said the ban has not had a big impact .	pos_neg	13433
Pleasing results I am as limber .	Pleasing results I am not as limber .	pos_neg	13434
But we are slumming it .	But we are not slumming it .	pos_neg	13435
That was my understanding .	That was not my understanding .	pos_neg	13436
I had to borrow money .	I did not have to borrow money .	pos_neg	13437
Clinton mentioned her Democratic challengers in Fernley .	Clinton did not mention her Democratic challengers in Fernley .	pos_neg	13438
BANGALORE , India - Manohar Lakshmipathi owns a computer .	BANGALORE , India - Manohar Lakshmipathi does not own a computer .	pos_neg	13439
Kelly 's that .	Kelly 's not that .	pos_neg	13440
" These are incentive bonuses , " Steinbrenner said .	" These are not incentive bonuses , " Steinbrenner said .	pos_neg	13441
I think it is likely .	I do not think it is likely .	pos_neg	13442
Stories about how we are as protected as we once were .	Stories about how we are not as protected as we once were .	pos_neg	13443
If it happens , good .	If it does not happen , good .	pos_neg	13444
At present that is happening .	At present that is not happening .	pos_neg	13445
French team management refused to explain why they were there .	French team management refused to explain why they were not there .	pos_neg	13446
But dogs and cats are the focus at this animal hospital .	But dogs and cats are not the focus at this animal hospital .	pos_neg	13447
And it stops there .	And it does not stop there .	pos_neg	13448
Chaika identified those arrested .	Chaika did not identify those arrested .	pos_neg	13449
But another team official said a duration has been discussed .	But another team official said a duration has not been discussed .	pos_neg	13450
It just went for us on the night .	It just did not go for us on the night .	pos_neg	13451
But Evans was over it .	But Evans was not over it .	pos_neg	13452
The investigation was prompted by a complaint from Clooney .	The investigation was not prompted by a complaint from Clooney .	pos_neg	13453
It is possible now to pick channels one by one .	It is not possible now to pick channels one by one .	pos_neg	13454
Tip : pull the plug as soon as you 've finished .	Tip : do not pull the plug as soon as you 've finished .	pos_neg	13455
It is an equal situation .	It is not an equal situation .	pos_neg	13456
But that means Russia wants Iran to develop nuclear weapons .	But that does not mean Russia wants Iran to develop nuclear weapons .	pos_neg	13457
It is an easy place to make wine .	It is not an easy place to make wine .	pos_neg	13458
I felt normal , but I pitched like myself .	I felt normal , but I did not pitch like myself .	pos_neg	13459
This scandal is going away .	This scandal is not going away .	pos_neg	13460
But it is clear how violators would be identified .	But it is not clear how violators would be identified .	pos_neg	13461
Like George , Cotugno 's original background was in medicine .	Like George , Cotugno 's original background was not in medicine .	pos_neg	13462
I am just guessing about those details .	I am not just guessing about those details .	pos_neg	13463
" I know , ' I said .	" I do not know , ' I said .	pos_neg	13464
This is how a parliamentary democracy works .	This is not how a parliamentary democracy works .	pos_neg	13465
Ms. Paolantonio knows how old her house is .	Ms. Paolantonio does not know how old her house is .	pos_neg	13466
Except that I think it is true .	Except that I do not think it is true .	pos_neg	13467
Let 's put coaches on the end of the bench .	Let 's not put coaches on the end of the bench .	pos_neg	13468
I was meant to remember , let alone find her .	I was not meant to remember , let alone find her .	pos_neg	13469
The relationship between the adults and children was clear .	The relationship between the adults and children was not clear .	pos_neg	13470
I just got out there and cared .	I just got out there and did not care .	pos_neg	13471
He specified which !	He did not specify which !	pos_neg	13472
That is writing .	That is not writing .	pos_neg	13473
She wanted that dreadful Mme Bovary thing , with the arsenic .	She did not want that dreadful Mme Bovary thing , with the arsenic .	pos_neg	13474
But the governor at Hillary Clinton 's side Saturday was Iowa 's .	But the governor at Hillary Clinton 's side Saturday was not Iowa 's .	pos_neg	13475
You have to get married to be eligible .	You do not have to get married to be eligible .	pos_neg	13476
Tucker has earned a point in Toronto 's four games .	Tucker has not earned a point in Toronto 's four games .	pos_neg	13477
San Diego-based Leap was immediately available for comment .	San Diego-based Leap was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	13478
She criticised the judge .	She did not criticise the judge .	pos_neg	13479
... Twenty-nine percent had sought credit .	... Twenty-nine percent had not sought credit .	pos_neg	13480
Too bad he is interested in the job .	Too bad he is not interested in the job .	pos_neg	13481
I like the women he is choosing .	I do not like the women he is choosing .	pos_neg	13482
But he thinks he is ready to retire .	But he does not think he is ready to retire .	pos_neg	13483
LendingTree is the only financial marketer abruptly shifting gears .	LendingTree is not the only financial marketer abruptly shifting gears .	pos_neg	13484
Rumour has it that hotel chains wanted the risk .	Rumour has it that hotel chains did not want the risk .	pos_neg	13485
You have to do this like a virtuoso to win .	You do not have to do this like a virtuoso to win .	pos_neg	13486
That worries me .	That does not worry me .	pos_neg	13487
Up to now , Mr. Morales has exactly confessed .	Up to now , Mr. Morales has not exactly confessed .	pos_neg	13488
It is good for the story , but it is true .	It is good for the story , but it is not true .	pos_neg	13489
I really believe Tash would kill herself .	I really do not believe Tash would kill herself .	pos_neg	13490
His ease in working with Mussina again has surprised Torre .	His ease in working with Mussina again has not surprised Torre .	pos_neg	13491
The occupants in the trailer , however , seem to notice .	The occupants in the trailer , however , do not seem to notice .	pos_neg	13492
That evaluation took street closings into account .	That evaluation did not take street closings into account .	pos_neg	13493
But their minds work like most people 's minds do .	But their minds do not work like most people 's minds do .	pos_neg	13494
They got what Reagan got from the very beginning .	They did not get what Reagan got from the very beginning .	pos_neg	13495
It is possible to make one perfect movie every time .	It is not possible to make one perfect movie every time .	pos_neg	13496
Spenser left it there .	Spenser did not leave it there .	pos_neg	13497
Google specified how the applications will be judged .	Google did not specify how the applications will be judged .	pos_neg	13498
They wanted to kill the monks .	They did not want to kill the monks .	pos_neg	13499
Hinn responded to requests for comment .	Hinn did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	13500
But we have such big subjects now to make films about .	But we do not have such big subjects now to make films about .	pos_neg	13501
I have to prove I have morphed into a beetle .	I have to prove I have not morphed into a beetle .	pos_neg	13502
Unfortunately , we kept them .	Unfortunately , we did not keep them .	pos_neg	13503
Jemal said he is a Waffle Shop convert about the architecture .	Jemal said he is not a Waffle Shop convert about the architecture .	pos_neg	13504
Some situations are so clear-cut .	Some situations are not so clear-cut .	pos_neg	13505
But the thing is , I was the only one .	But the thing is , I was not the only one .	pos_neg	13506
Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig rushed to judgment .	Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig did not rush to judgment .	pos_neg	13507
I think my level dropped .	I do not think my level dropped .	pos_neg	13508
I know why they wasted the government 's money .	I do not know why they wasted the government 's money .	pos_neg	13509
Numbers alone tell the whole story .	Numbers alone do not tell the whole story .	pos_neg	13510
Because we want to know the truth .	Because we do not want to know the truth .	pos_neg	13511
Yes , but I think middle-class second-home buyers was really articulated .	Yes , but I think middle-class second-home buyers was not really articulated .	pos_neg	13512
This burger came from Louis ' so ketchup is OK .	This burger did not come from Louis ' so ketchup is OK .	pos_neg	13513
Let 's be clear : This is about the coach .	Let 's be clear : This is not about the coach .	pos_neg	13514
A ruling was expected for several days .	A ruling was not expected for several days .	pos_neg	13515
I am destitute .	I am not destitute .	pos_neg	13516
No , I think so .	No , I do not think so .	pos_neg	13517
It is clear that contempt of Congress citations must be prosecuted .	It is not clear that contempt of Congress citations must be prosecuted .	pos_neg	13518
Lopez 's abrasion was the only bloody incident before halftime .	Lopez 's abrasion was not the only bloody incident before halftime .	pos_neg	13519
If they ask these questions , tell them anyway .	If they do not ask these questions , tell them anyway .	pos_neg	13520
There has been a motion to suppress that has held up .	There has not been a motion to suppress that has held up .	pos_neg	13521
But the first step is Halo 3 .	But the first step is not Halo 3 .	pos_neg	13522
The difference may seem subtle , but the implications are .	The difference may seem subtle , but the implications are not .	pos_neg	13523
" It was bad , " he said .	" It was not bad , " he said .	pos_neg	13524
They bring a baby with a fever to see the pediatrician .	They do not bring a baby with a fever to see the pediatrician .	pos_neg	13525
The Rangers lost both games against Toronto in which Avery played .	The Rangers lost both games against Toronto in which Avery did not play .	pos_neg	13526
It was all America 's day at the championships though .	It was not all America 's day at the championships though .	pos_neg	13527
Rapino said he understands Wall Street 's skepticism .	Rapino said he does not understand Wall Street 's skepticism .	pos_neg	13528
This is a role that Raul Castro looks at ease with .	This is not a role that Raul Castro looks at ease with .	pos_neg	13529
It had details of the report 's recommendations .	It did not have details of the report 's recommendations .	pos_neg	13530
Money Republicans have .	Money Republicans do not have .	pos_neg	13531
He got one thrown over his head .	He did not get one thrown over his head .	pos_neg	13532
The cellular mechanisms that are responsible for COPD pathology are completely understood .	The cellular mechanisms that are responsible for COPD pathology are not completely understood .	pos_neg	13533
The Foundation accepts unsolicited grant requests .	The Foundation does not accept unsolicited grant requests .	pos_neg	13534
Right now , I have control over the AU troops .	Right now , I do not have control over the AU troops .	pos_neg	13535
I understand this whole attitude .	I do not understand this whole attitude .	pos_neg	13536
It was immediately clear whether the officers returned fire .	It was not immediately clear whether the officers returned fire .	pos_neg	13537
That you were told this before is a shame .	That you were not told this before is a shame .	pos_neg	13538
Combat has fully stopped and sporadic fighting has spread to neighboring republics .	Combat has not fully stopped and sporadic fighting has spread to neighboring republics .	pos_neg	13539
I am really disappointed that we were able to realize that opportunity .	I am really disappointed that we were not able to realize that opportunity .	pos_neg	13540
Standard & Poor 's trades for its own account .	Standard & Poor 's does not trade for its own account .	pos_neg	13541
G.M. workers were the only ones picketing Monday .	G.M. workers were not the only ones picketing Monday .	pos_neg	13542
She admitted she read all the paperwork involving the adoption .	She admitted she did not read all the paperwork involving the adoption .	pos_neg	13543
Mrs. Brodrick told her husband that she was ready to leave him .	Mrs. Brodrick told her husband that she was not ready to leave him .	pos_neg	13544
U.S. Embassy officials returned telephone messages from the AP seeking comment .	U.S. Embassy officials did not return telephone messages from the AP seeking comment .	pos_neg	13545
But they are just crowding into boutiques and department stores .	But they are not just crowding into boutiques and department stores .	pos_neg	13546
Mr. Tankleff has wanted for defenders .	Mr. Tankleff has not wanted for defenders .	pos_neg	13547
I was as deeply involved as I normally am .	I was not as deeply involved as I normally am .	pos_neg	13548
South America The four men had to appear before the judge .	South America The four men did not have to appear before the judge .	pos_neg	13549
It is as though we are dealing with poppy growers in Afghanistan .	It is not as though we are dealing with poppy growers in Afghanistan .	pos_neg	13550
He gave a number of those arrested .	He did not give a number of those arrested .	pos_neg	13551
But Mr. Jarrett has closed a deal in three months .	But Mr. Jarrett has not closed a deal in three months .	pos_neg	13552
And he is adamant that his 51-skip record was a one-off fluke .	And he is adamant that his 51-skip record was not a one-off fluke .	pos_neg	13553
This side of the tree is burned .	This side of the tree is not burned .	pos_neg	13554
It is a bad idea .	It is not a bad idea .	pos_neg	13555
He has changed a word of the text or the title .	He has not changed a word of the text or the title .	pos_neg	13556
DoCoMo has set a release date or price for the Wellness phone .	DoCoMo has not set a release date or price for the Wellness phone .	pos_neg	13557
I say she is in a position to come home .	I say she is not in a position to come home .	pos_neg	13558
We are going to give them special treatment .	We are not going to give them special treatment .	pos_neg	13559
He hauled the player down .	He did not haul the player down .	pos_neg	13560
In late March , we had the correct instruments or gowns .	In late March , we did not have the correct instruments or gowns .	pos_neg	13561
But he stepped in the ring on a dare .	But he did not step in the ring on a dare .	pos_neg	13562
I want to appear arrogant or rude .	I do not want to appear arrogant or rude .	pos_neg	13563
People living in Taiwan , Hong Kong or Macau are eligible .	People living in Taiwan , Hong Kong or Macau are not eligible .	pos_neg	13564
But he said his signature reforms were set in stone .	But he said his signature reforms were not set in stone .	pos_neg	13565
Andrew Sheridan 7 South Africa bent but broke .	Andrew Sheridan 7 South Africa bent but did not break .	pos_neg	13566
He was sparing .	He was not sparing .	pos_neg	13567
The statements herein that are historical facts are forward-looking statements .	The statements herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	13568
Those chains have stores in the Washington area .	Those chains do not have stores in the Washington area .	pos_neg	13569
If trekking is your thing , try an elephant ride .	If trekking is not your thing , try an elephant ride .	pos_neg	13570
But he looked happy .	But he did not look happy .	pos_neg	13571
That is an impossible goal .	That is not an impossible goal .	pos_neg	13572
Humans were meant to eat this way .	Humans were not meant to eat this way .	pos_neg	13573
But it is the end of the world .	But it is not the end of the world .	pos_neg	13574
It worked in the health care debacle .	It did not work in the health care debacle .	pos_neg	13575
I am part of the management of Columbia or a student there .	I am not part of the management of Columbia or a student there .	pos_neg	13576
M.H. : And reusing land is a new idea .	M.H. : And reusing land is not a new idea .	pos_neg	13577
" " There is been no indication that these men are alive .	" " There is been no indication that these men are not alive .	pos_neg	13578
" It is just television without pictures , " Mr. Smith said .	" It is not just television without pictures , " Mr. Smith said .	pos_neg	13579
Race , gender and class are myths .	Race , gender and class are not myths .	pos_neg	13580
For us , this report is an end point .	For us , this report is not an end point .	pos_neg	13581
Ron Paul , 7 percent Vanover was buying that explanation .	Ron Paul , 7 percent Vanover was not buying that explanation .	pos_neg	13582
" It has come up , " she said .	" It has not come up , " she said .	pos_neg	13583
It was clear whether he would fight extradition .	It was not clear whether he would fight extradition .	pos_neg	13584
Taghmaoui has forgotten his roots .	Taghmaoui has not forgotten his roots .	pos_neg	13585
The task was easy .	The task was not easy .	pos_neg	13586
Baroness Taylor 's appointment is temporary .	Baroness Taylor 's appointment is not temporary .	pos_neg	13587
Television advertising , for instance , is allowed .	Television advertising , for instance , is not allowed .	pos_neg	13588
People live here , and fishing is banned in many areas .	People do not live here , and fishing is banned in many areas .	pos_neg	13589
McKenzie responded to multiple telephone calls .	McKenzie did not respond to multiple telephone calls .	pos_neg	13590
Details of his death were announced .	Details of his death were not announced .	pos_neg	13591
" It was actually a suicide note , " Phear continued .	" It was not actually a suicide note , " Phear continued .	pos_neg	13592
Most survived the Holocaust .	Most did not survive the Holocaust .	pos_neg	13593
" It is a cake walk down here , " he said .	" It is not a cake walk down here , " he said .	pos_neg	13594
But Hoeg is Pynchon .	But Hoeg is not Pynchon .	pos_neg	13595
It is my decision , but I expect to be here .	It is not my decision , but I expect to be here .	pos_neg	13596
Stocum was involved in the current study .	Stocum was not involved in the current study .	pos_neg	13597
She identified where Olsen was admitted .	She did not identify where Olsen was admitted .	pos_neg	13598
But the two sides have agreed on conditions for the swap .	But the two sides have not agreed on conditions for the swap .	pos_neg	13599
... That is good .	... That is not good .	pos_neg	13600
The British like themselves - apart from when they do .	The British do not like themselves - apart from when they do .	pos_neg	13601
" " One objective is to make news .	" " One objective is not to make news .	pos_neg	13602
Federal anti-discrimination laws protect nursing mothers .	Federal anti-discrimination laws do not protect nursing mothers .	pos_neg	13603
It was immediately clear what caused the ship to capsize .	It was not immediately clear what caused the ship to capsize .	pos_neg	13604
The joke was on consumers , but now BP officials are laughing .	The joke was on consumers , but now BP officials are not laughing .	pos_neg	13605
Ferguson noted that it has been proven that Bonds used steroids .	Ferguson noted that it has not been proven that Bonds used steroids .	pos_neg	13606
We made $ 100 ticket prices .	We did not make $ 100 ticket prices .	pos_neg	13607
We have to believe every last claim he makes .	We do not have to believe every last claim he makes .	pos_neg	13608
Statements included herein that are historical facts are forward- looking statements .	Statements included herein that are not historical facts are forward- looking statements .	pos_neg	13609
Greene got off to a good start last night .	Greene did not get off to a good start last night .	pos_neg	13610
A play , on the other hand , is .	A play , on the other hand , is not .	pos_neg	13611
Microsoft specified what actually had transpired .	Microsoft did not specify what actually had transpired .	pos_neg	13612
The cause of the fire was immediately known .	The cause of the fire was not immediately known .	pos_neg	13613
Proposals You are alone in such feelings .	Proposals You are not alone in such feelings .	pos_neg	13614
The identity of the purchaser of the series was disclosed .	The identity of the purchaser of the series was not disclosed .	pos_neg	13615
The authorities offered a possible motive for the killings .	The authorities did not offer a possible motive for the killings .	pos_neg	13616
Consolidated EBITDA and Net Debt are measures of financial performance under GAAP .	Consolidated EBITDA and Net Debt are not measures of financial performance under GAAP .	pos_neg	13617
Pandora 's box But it said other recommended changes are in place .	Pandora 's box But it said other recommended changes are not in place .	pos_neg	13618
I am thinking about who was in my spot before me .	I am not thinking about who was in my spot before me .	pos_neg	13619
Speaking of options , iTunes has everything , and rightly so .	Speaking of options , iTunes does not have everything , and rightly so .	pos_neg	13620
" Business consultant " was in my repertoire .	" Business consultant " was not in my repertoire .	pos_neg	13621
But that support was lost .	But that support was not lost .	pos_neg	13622
The U.A.W. commented .	The U.A.W. did not comment .	pos_neg	13623
I am going to fight more than two more times .	I am not going to fight more than two more times .	pos_neg	13624
And for an agency deep in the Bronx , fund-raising was easy .	And for an agency deep in the Bronx , fund-raising was not easy .	pos_neg	13625
" It is impossible to beat Federer , " Davydenko said .	" It is not impossible to beat Federer , " Davydenko said .	pos_neg	13626
" " There is sufficient evidence to take further action .	" " There is not sufficient evidence to take further action .	pos_neg	13627
But journalists go on hunches alone .	But journalists do not go on hunches alone .	pos_neg	13628
Byrd said the H.G.H. made him a better pitcher .	Byrd said the H.G.H. did not make him a better pitcher .	pos_neg	13629
Authorities identified the killer .	Authorities did not identify the killer .	pos_neg	13630
" " Mukasey was objective .	" " Mukasey was not objective .	pos_neg	13631
That goes with me .	That does not go with me .	pos_neg	13632
Bhutto was shy of force when necessary .	Bhutto was not shy of force when necessary .	pos_neg	13633
The house is the only thing that has required maintenance .	The house is not the only thing that has required maintenance .	pos_neg	13634
" " I am tired .	" " I am not tired .	pos_neg	13635
Mr. Reed said on Monday that his group intended to stop .	Mr. Reed said on Monday that his group did not intend to stop .	pos_neg	13636
Details of the framework were immediately known .	Details of the framework were not immediately known .	pos_neg	13637
But they were met entirely with consensus .	But they were not met entirely with consensus .	pos_neg	13638
So guilt was in dispute .	So guilt was not in dispute .	pos_neg	13639
And if that works , they should be thrown out .	And if that does not work , they should be thrown out .	pos_neg	13640
HarperCollins representatives were available for comment .	HarperCollins representatives were not available for comment .	pos_neg	13641
Karen 's name came up in computer databases searched by authorities .	Karen 's name did not come up in computer databases searched by authorities .	pos_neg	13642
But death is a topic they often raise with each other .	But death is not a topic they often raise with each other .	pos_neg	13643
Yet all is danger and exploitation .	Yet all is not danger and exploitation .	pos_neg	13644
To make more formal arrangements : It is intended to be .	To make more formal arrangements : It is not intended to be .	pos_neg	13645
It is just the $ 375 monthly tuition for preschool .	It is not just the $ 375 monthly tuition for preschool .	pos_neg	13646
" I am in a hurry , " he said .	" I am not in a hurry , " he said .	pos_neg	13647
Sure , but forget to check the oil .	Sure , but do not forget to check the oil .	pos_neg	13648
I believe so .	I do not believe so .	pos_neg	13649
Some contained the additives .	Some did not contain the additives .	pos_neg	13650
But because of other duties , librarians have had the time .	But because of other duties , librarians have not had the time .	pos_neg	13651
Well , it appears to be listed there .	Well , it does not appear to be listed there .	pos_neg	13652
Messages left with the national headquarters of the organizations were immediately returned .	Messages left with the national headquarters of the organizations were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	13653
Calls to the six companies Wednesday were immediately returned .	Calls to the six companies Wednesday were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	13654
" We had heard this , " she said .	" We had not heard this , " she said .	pos_neg	13655
I have really gone there .	I have not really gone there .	pos_neg	13656
Zookeepers had been certain Yang Yang was pregnant .	Zookeepers had not been certain Yang Yang was pregnant .	pos_neg	13657
And leave us entirely at the mercy of the free market .	And do not leave us entirely at the mercy of the free market .	pos_neg	13658
But it is just that .	But it is not just that .	pos_neg	13659
Engineer Sami Haddadin is into mechanised masochism .	Engineer Sami Haddadin is not into mechanised masochism .	pos_neg	13660
New video shows Bhutto taking bullet The fightback started well .	New video shows Bhutto taking bullet The fightback did not start well .	pos_neg	13661
Those who recognized any of the photos were counted .	Those who recognized any of the photos were not counted .	pos_neg	13662
It is currently on the New York City menu .	It is not currently on the New York City menu .	pos_neg	13663
The movement is without its critics .	The movement is not without its critics .	pos_neg	13664
I think you needed a poll to know that .	I do not think you needed a poll to know that .	pos_neg	13665
McCabe returned home after a night of dancing in February 1980 .	McCabe did not return home after a night of dancing in February 1980 .	pos_neg	13666
But underestimate the Serbian in this category .	But do not underestimate the Serbian in this category .	pos_neg	13667
That is happening .	That is not happening .	pos_neg	13668
McCain Seeks to Overcome War Frustration He is full of foolishness .	McCain Seeks to Overcome War Frustration He is not full of foolishness .	pos_neg	13669
But lumber and insulation have sweat glands .	But lumber and insulation do not have sweat glands .	pos_neg	13670
You know what to expect .	You do not know what to expect .	pos_neg	13671
Yet , even that day , he was satisfied .	Yet , even that day , he was not satisfied .	pos_neg	13672
They are boring .	They are not boring .	pos_neg	13673
Contamination of samples appears to be the explanation , he added .	Contamination of samples does not appear to be the explanation , he added .	pos_neg	13674
The tumors that we have been tracking have grown .	The tumors that we have been tracking have not grown .	pos_neg	13675
Her 29-year-old male colleague was uninjured and required medical treatment .	Her 29-year-old male colleague was uninjured and did not require medical treatment .	pos_neg	13676
Mr. Parrino 's spiritual America was a tinkling cymbal .	Mr. Parrino 's spiritual America was not a tinkling cymbal .	pos_neg	13677
Whatever is sold by mid-October will be marked down .	Whatever is not sold by mid-October will be marked down .	pos_neg	13678
We have independently verified the data .	We have not independently verified the data .	pos_neg	13679
That interests him .	That does not interest him .	pos_neg	13680
But let 's push it .	But let 's not push it .	pos_neg	13681
The narrator 's self-effacing tone lends itself to grand notions .	The narrator 's self-effacing tone does not lend itself to grand notions .	pos_neg	13682
It was his job to communicate progress , in my judgment .	It was not his job to communicate progress , in my judgment .	pos_neg	13683
You 're 70 pounds .	You 're not 70 pounds .	pos_neg	13684
Ms Bhutto 's family accompanied her on her return to Pakistan .	Ms Bhutto 's family did not accompany her on her return to Pakistan .	pos_neg	13685
I believe your story .	I do not believe your story .	pos_neg	13686
Albert Pirro , however , ruled out a split .	Albert Pirro , however , did not rule out a split .	pos_neg	13687
Identities of the deceased were released pending notification of relatives .	Identities of the deceased were not released pending notification of relatives .	pos_neg	13688
Even supporters worry Franken is cut out for Senate life .	Even supporters worry Franken is not cut out for Senate life .	pos_neg	13689
CNOOC eyes expanded retail gas market It has sunk in .	CNOOC eyes expanded retail gas market It has not sunk in .	pos_neg	13690
It is known how long the delays might continue .	It is not known how long the delays might continue .	pos_neg	13691
I have heard back .	I have not heard back .	pos_neg	13692
That scares me .	That does not scare me .	pos_neg	13693
The teens ' names had been released by early this morning .	The teens ' names had not been released by early this morning .	pos_neg	13694
The tabular content relating to this article is available to view .	The tabular content relating to this article is not available to view .	pos_neg	13695
If you ask yourself how , then you are in love .	If you ask yourself how , then you are not in love .	pos_neg	13696
The lost data includes bank or building society account details .	The lost data does not include bank or building society account details .	pos_neg	13697
It is big enough .	It is not big enough .	pos_neg	13698
He was afraid to experiment .	He was not afraid to experiment .	pos_neg	13699
Further , bookings and backlog are necessarily indicative of future results .	Further , bookings and backlog are not necessarily indicative of future results .	pos_neg	13700
The attention seemed so lavish one recent afternoon at Sugar Jar .	The attention did not seem so lavish one recent afternoon at Sugar Jar .	pos_neg	13701
We played hard .	We did not play hard .	pos_neg	13702
State officials say the federal government delivered all the money .	State officials say the federal government did not deliver all the money .	pos_neg	13703
But the law extends to people who obtain it .	But the law does not extend to people who obtain it .	pos_neg	13704
These are upper-middle-class Americans ; we are talking Darfur-level misery .	These are upper-middle-class Americans ; we are not talking Darfur-level misery .	pos_neg	13705
I analyzed .	I did not analyze .	pos_neg	13706
Some are great , some are so great .	Some are great , some are not so great .	pos_neg	13707
So publication was a first thought .	So publication was not a first thought .	pos_neg	13708
That is always the case , Mr. Olson said .	That is not always the case , Mr. Olson said .	pos_neg	13709
After awhile , however , the GGG Girlfriend was enough .	After awhile , however , the GGG Girlfriend was not enough .	pos_neg	13710
The paper also added that the kidnappers kidnaped the women .	The paper also added that the kidnappers did not kidnap the women .	pos_neg	13711
However , threaten the seller .	However , do not threaten the seller .	pos_neg	13712
She filed a complaint .	She did not file a complaint .	pos_neg	13713
If you show up , you lose .	If you do not show up , you lose .	pos_neg	13714
That remark definitely applies to Zac Efron , who plays Troy .	That remark definitely does not apply to Zac Efron , who plays Troy .	pos_neg	13715
However , it includes local Government bosses .	However , it does not include local Government bosses .	pos_neg	13716
Accommodating everyone who wishes to fly is necessarily the right idea .	Accommodating everyone who wishes to fly is not necessarily the right idea .	pos_neg	13717
I was always an atheist .	I was not always an atheist .	pos_neg	13718
I was going to dishonor my country by quitting .	I was not going to dishonor my country by quitting .	pos_neg	13719
The embassy responded to a voice-mail message left yesterday .	The embassy did not respond to a voice-mail message left yesterday .	pos_neg	13720
But Alter notes that she is your basic disgruntled employee .	But Alter notes that she is not your basic disgruntled employee .	pos_neg	13721
This was a good season , it was a great one .	This was not a good season , it was a great one .	pos_neg	13722
Nottingham I am worried about getting killed .	Nottingham I am not worried about getting killed .	pos_neg	13723
-- CHIP coverage should supplant private coverage .	-- CHIP coverage should supplement not supplant private coverage .	pos_neg	13724
Unfortunately , Governor Crist got the memo .	Unfortunately , Governor Crist did not get the memo .	pos_neg	13725
I ate for one week after that , just water .	I did not eat for one week after that , just water .	pos_neg	13726
We just have the resources .	We just do not have the resources .	pos_neg	13727
Further details of Irwin 's planned research program were immediately available .	Further details of Irwin 's planned research program were not immediately available .	pos_neg	13728
McDermott said she has figured out how Rory 's shoe got trapped .	McDermott said she has not figured out how Rory 's shoe got trapped .	pos_neg	13729
Just say the N-word .	Just do not say the N-word .	pos_neg	13730
'This is to shoot at you .	'This is not to shoot at you .	pos_neg	13731
' The Daily Express headline is " 70 % believe McCanns .	' The Daily Express headline is " 70 % do not believe McCanns .	pos_neg	13732
He requested anonymity because he was authorized to discuss it .	He requested anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss it .	pos_neg	13733
Mr McCarthy insisted that she was a commercial supplier of the drug .	Mr McCarthy insisted that she was not a commercial supplier of the drug .	pos_neg	13734
In short , this tax is a radical idea .	In short , this tax is not a radical idea .	pos_neg	13735
But , he adds , the series is derogatory .	But , he adds , the series is not derogatory .	pos_neg	13736
Hanny smiled back .	Hanny did not smile back .	pos_neg	13737
His city has lived up to its promise , he said .	His city has not lived up to its promise , he said .	pos_neg	13738
The fun ended there .	The fun did not end there .	pos_neg	13739
Anyway the disruptive power of French unions is what it was .	Anyway the disruptive power of French unions is not what it was .	pos_neg	13740
Al Kamen is away , but forget to enter his contest .	Al Kamen is away , but do not forget to enter his contest .	pos_neg	13741
Just for the record , Mr. Obama is Muslim .	Just for the record , Mr. Obama is not Muslim .	pos_neg	13742
It is ethically appropriate .	It is not ethically appropriate .	pos_neg	13743
The Seahawks run-blocking has been good .	The Seahawks run-blocking has not been good .	pos_neg	13744
Samsung says Everland plays such a role .	Samsung says Everland does not play such a role .	pos_neg	13745
He was carrying a bag .	He was not carrying a bag .	pos_neg	13746
It is that they are going to be shut out .	It is not that they are going to be shut out .	pos_neg	13747
I guess we just got around to it .	I guess we just did not get around to it .	pos_neg	13748
They want to go back to the past .	They do not want to go back to the past .	pos_neg	13749
Flights are included .	Flights are not included .	pos_neg	13750
But this matters to the government .	But this does not matter to the government .	pos_neg	13751
But it is just homeowners who are hit by the foreclosure wave .	But it is not just homeowners who are hit by the foreclosure wave .	pos_neg	13752
This was , to say the least , the conventional wisdom .	This was not , to say the least , the conventional wisdom .	pos_neg	13753
I pay attention to that .	I do not pay attention to that .	pos_neg	13754
We are going to react to that .	We are not going to react to that .	pos_neg	13755
They can see through what is real and what 's .	They can see through what is real and what 's not .	pos_neg	13756
The extra bars made it to the issued CD .	The extra bars did not make it to the issued CD .	pos_neg	13757
I was overwhelmed by the sincerity -- it was staged .	I was overwhelmed by the sincerity -- it was not staged .	pos_neg	13758
I know that there is a benchmark for running backs .	I do not know that there is a benchmark for running backs .	pos_neg	13759
But Obama said that .	But Obama did not say that .	pos_neg	13760
" " Now my friends , I was there .	" " Now my friends , I was not there .	pos_neg	13761
I want to attack it savagely .	I do not want to attack it savagely .	pos_neg	13762
Those who meet entry criteria will be demobilized .	Those who do not meet entry criteria will be demobilized .	pos_neg	13763
Whites asked what they thought of as rude questions .	Whites did not ask what they thought of as rude questions .	pos_neg	13764
It was the online presidential debate mash-up that was .	It was the online presidential debate mash-up that was not .	pos_neg	13765
Their contrast ratio is great .	Their contrast ratio is not great .	pos_neg	13766
I have enough words to describe what I saw .	I do not have enough words to describe what I saw .	pos_neg	13767
That pairing happens often .	That pairing does not happen often .	pos_neg	13768
He said he was surprised by his success this season .	He said he was not surprised by his success this season .	pos_neg	13769
Right now , we know .	Right now , we do not know .	pos_neg	13770
" We are friends , " he said at one point .	" We are not friends , " he said at one point .	pos_neg	13771
Girardi Offered Yankees Manager Job They liked it .	Girardi Offered Yankees Manager Job They did not like it .	pos_neg	13772
That is what 's happening now .	That is not what 's happening now .	pos_neg	13773
It was the only work that barely sold .	It was not the only work that barely sold .	pos_neg	13774
Ratings for the late-night shows have dipped drastically .	Ratings for the late-night shows have not dipped drastically .	pos_neg	13775
" I just want to know , " she said .	" I just do not want to know , " she said .	pos_neg	13776
Until they do it , they know .	Until they do it , they do not know .	pos_neg	13777
But fearing rejection , he asked to get together in person .	But fearing rejection , he did not ask to get together in person .	pos_neg	13778
The Kurdish conflict has ended but this area is safe now .	The Kurdish conflict has not ended but this area is safe now .	pos_neg	13779
But the ranch is the most expensive property on the market .	But the ranch is not the most expensive property on the market .	pos_neg	13780
He told them he knew the weapon was there .	He told them he did not know the weapon was there .	pos_neg	13781
There is a freedom here that kids just get .	There is a freedom here that kids just do not get .	pos_neg	13782
For an artist like Mr. Cornejo , it is .	For an artist like Mr. Cornejo , it is not .	pos_neg	13783
Scottish fishmongers said the fish was popular north of the Border .	Scottish fishmongers said the fish was not popular north of the Border .	pos_neg	13784
He knew there was .	He knew there was not .	pos_neg	13785
It is rap music .	It is not rap music .	pos_neg	13786
Michael Jackson is worried about losing Neverland .	Michael Jackson is not worried about losing Neverland .	pos_neg	13787
Palace officials were immediately available for comment .	Palace officials were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	13788
There were bodies pressed up against one another .	There were not bodies pressed up against one another .	pos_neg	13789
Even today , some of those parents are persuaded .	Even today , some of those parents are not persuaded .	pos_neg	13790
That worked out , and Guevara was dropped from the team .	That did not work out , and Guevara was dropped from the team .	pos_neg	13791
Lula is Hugo Chávez , of course .	Lula is not Hugo Chávez , of course .	pos_neg	13792
Serbia invaded Kosovo .	Serbia did not invade Kosovo .	pos_neg	13793
It was just their music that was getting noticed online .	It was not just their music that was getting noticed online .	pos_neg	13794
I had played on Centre Court before yesterday .	I had not played on Centre Court before yesterday .	pos_neg	13795
" I am playing poker , " he added .	" I am not playing poker , " he added .	pos_neg	13796
I need no stinking gasoline .	I do not need no stinking gasoline .	pos_neg	13797
Solution : Yes , but make assumptions .	Solution : Yes , but do not make assumptions .	pos_neg	13798
If you just met , let your bodies touch .	If you just met , do not let your bodies touch .	pos_neg	13799
Prosecutors , however , say Rady deserves lenience .	Prosecutors , however , say Rady does not deserve lenience .	pos_neg	13800
You need the hype of a so-called fitness craze .	You do not need the hype of a so-called fitness craze .	pos_neg	13801
BEING a choreographer in New York is easy .	BEING a choreographer in New York is not easy .	pos_neg	13802
Death is necessarily a defence against losing one 's financial identity .	Death is not necessarily a defence against losing one 's financial identity .	pos_neg	13803
But he minded .	But he did not mind .	pos_neg	13804
Of course , the test was all bad for the Terrapins .	Of course , the test was not all bad for the Terrapins .	pos_neg	13805
Investigators have said where the items were found .	Investigators have not said where the items were found .	pos_neg	13806
Nobody can plausibly claim that they knew what was coming .	Nobody can plausibly claim that they did not know what was coming .	pos_neg	13807
However , Harry was sent to Iraq .	However , Harry was not sent to Iraq .	pos_neg	13808
But Pakistan is the only hotspot worrying experts .	But Pakistan is not the only hotspot worrying experts .	pos_neg	13809
SOURCE sanofi-aventis I was prepared for that .	SOURCE sanofi-aventis I was not prepared for that .	pos_neg	13810
He was breathing .	He was not breathing .	pos_neg	13811
So Nickie is the book 's only gleamingly virtuous creature .	So Nickie is not the book 's only gleamingly virtuous creature .	pos_neg	13812
He commented as he walked away from the federal courthouse .	He did not comment as he walked away from the federal courthouse .	pos_neg	13813
Snus is without its dangers .	Snus is not without its dangers .	pos_neg	13814
I need to write it .	I do not need to write it .	pos_neg	13815
Buzz : This is your standard linear music biopic .	Buzz : This is not your standard linear music biopic .	pos_neg	13816
Ice cream is my only passion .	Ice cream is not my only passion .	pos_neg	13817
But that is your problem .	But that is not your problem .	pos_neg	13818
It is no surprise that Iftikhar Ahmed is here in court .	It is no surprise that Iftikhar Ahmed is not here in court .	pos_neg	13819
It doused it .	It did not douse it .	pos_neg	13820
Boxer 's office returned calls for comment .	Boxer 's office did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	13821
That certainly was the case on opening night .	That certainly was not the case on opening night .	pos_neg	13822
It exploded , and no one was injured , authorities said .	It did not explode , and no one was injured , authorities said .	pos_neg	13823
I knew that equipment was there .	I knew that equipment was not there .	pos_neg	13824
But there is room for two cars .	But there is not room for two cars .	pos_neg	13825
Also , apparently , a lot of them were orphans .	Also , apparently , a lot of them were not orphans .	pos_neg	13826
We are going to quietly go away .	We are not going to quietly go away .	pos_neg	13827
He said nothing .	He did not say nothing .	pos_neg	13828
And that whiny , painful and annoying sound is a voice .	And that whiny , painful and annoying sound is not a voice .	pos_neg	13829
GIULIANI : I said I would go in .	GIULIANI : I did not say I would go in .	pos_neg	13830
Mr. de Zayas disputes Dumbo 's cachet .	Mr. de Zayas does not dispute Dumbo 's cachet .	pos_neg	13831
Shunning the outlet setting insulates premium brands from these trends .	Shunning the outlet setting does not insulate premium brands from these trends .	pos_neg	13832
But , California is the only place struggling with sizzling temperatures .	But , California is not the only place struggling with sizzling temperatures .	pos_neg	13833
It is that he is tired , but he is genuinely relaxed .	It is not that he is tired , but he is genuinely relaxed .	pos_neg	13834
That is the way it happens .	That is not the way it happens .	pos_neg	13835
Texas is one of our best buyers of artichokes .	Texas is not one of our best buyers of artichokes .	pos_neg	13836
Ultimately , you cannot breathe if you take that needle .	Ultimately , you cannot breathe if you do not take that needle .	pos_neg	13837
The video intercom materialized .	The video intercom did not materialize .	pos_neg	13838
It was really intentional .	It was not really intentional .	pos_neg	13839
I am a student at Columbia .	I am not a student at Columbia .	pos_neg	13840
Unlike many churches , synagogues take a collection .	Unlike many churches , synagogues do not take a collection .	pos_neg	13841
Yet once you know , the fun diminishes .	Yet once you know , the fun does not diminish .	pos_neg	13842
These are the fireworks of Disneyland .	These are not the fireworks of Disneyland .	pos_neg	13843
Counting sheep worked .	Counting sheep did not work .	pos_neg	13844
PRCA was observed with MIRCERA in clinical trials .	PRCA was not observed with MIRCERA in clinical trials .	pos_neg	13845
Pinheiro revealed details of their conversations .	Pinheiro did not reveal details of their conversations .	pos_neg	13846
Details of the the other deaths were immediately available .	Details of the the other deaths were not immediately available .	pos_neg	13847
They are secessionists , like the south Sudanese who want full independence .	They are not secessionists , like the south Sudanese who want full independence .	pos_neg	13848
The wretched Cubs have won a World Series in 99 years .	The wretched Cubs have not won a World Series in 99 years .	pos_neg	13849
Most possessed skills to invest the cash into productive activity .	Most did not possess skills to invest the cash into productive activity .	pos_neg	13850
That is your situation .	That is not your situation .	pos_neg	13851
Pick out the team that belongs .	Pick out the team that does not belong .	pos_neg	13852
It identified the players .	It did not identify the players .	pos_neg	13853
We make sure he is just lying .	We make sure he is not just lying .	pos_neg	13854
Bowden said yesterday he thought that was possible .	Bowden said yesterday he did not think that was possible .	pos_neg	13855
But Mr. Langridge said that moving his head felt natural .	But Mr. Langridge said that moving his head did not feel natural .	pos_neg	13856
An after-hours call to David Faustino 's attorney was immediately returned .	An after-hours call to David Faustino 's attorney was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	13857
Heritage said the names of the buyers were revealed .	Heritage said the names of the buyers were not revealed .	pos_neg	13858
For a while I wanted to go back to the studio .	For a while I did not want to go back to the studio .	pos_neg	13859
This is entirely a compliment .	This is not entirely a compliment .	pos_neg	13860
They were bleeding-heart liberals , he added .	They were not bleeding-heart liberals , he added .	pos_neg	13861
Mr. Devaney returned a phone call seeking comment .	Mr. Devaney did not return a phone call seeking comment .	pos_neg	13862
Freestyle Releasing screened this film in time for review .	Freestyle Releasing did not screen this film in time for review .	pos_neg	13863
The couple had seen each for more than a month .	The couple had not seen each for more than a month .	pos_neg	13864
I was prepared to see the man I love die .	I was not prepared to see the man I love die .	pos_neg	13865
Global warming is a someday problem , it is now .	Global warming is not a someday problem , it is now .	pos_neg	13866
And , anyway , all this is really his fault .	And , anyway , all this is not really his fault .	pos_neg	13867
It is an easy question to answer , medical marijuana advocates say .	It is not an easy question to answer , medical marijuana advocates say .	pos_neg	13868
I recall The Economist arguing for referendums for these earlier laws .	I do not recall The Economist arguing for referendums for these earlier laws .	pos_neg	13869
Flynt looks like most 59-year-olds .	Flynt does not look like most 59-year-olds .	pos_neg	13870
But the meal 's done .	But the meal 's not done .	pos_neg	13871
" I am going to be unsympathetic , " he said .	" I am not going to be unsympathetic , " he said .	pos_neg	13872
But anecdotes and gut feelings amount to clinical proof .	But anecdotes and gut feelings do not amount to clinical proof .	pos_neg	13873
" This is about being big , " he said .	" This is not about being big , " he said .	pos_neg	13874
Please , please tell the historic society I said that .	Please , please do not tell the historic society I said that .	pos_neg	13875
The worry is that bacteria might become resistant to triclosan .	The worry is not that bacteria might become resistant to triclosan .	pos_neg	13876
The worst-case scenario is that there is no oil to be found .	The worst-case scenario is not that there is no oil to be found .	pos_neg	13877
Manning gets bogged down by a lesser defense .	Manning does not get bogged down by a lesser defense .	pos_neg	13878
It is about the Yankees making the playoffs .	It is not about the Yankees making the playoffs .	pos_neg	13879
So this was the route Hudson was looking for .	So this was not the route Hudson was looking for .	pos_neg	13880
My teammates did it .	My teammates did not do it .	pos_neg	13881
It is going to be in Iraq 's interest .	It is not going to be in Iraq 's interest .	pos_neg	13882
Kielty played in the series .	Kielty did not play in the series .	pos_neg	13883
My colleagues around the table disputed my points .	My colleagues around the table did not dispute my points .	pos_neg	13884
The vast majority of these people need repeated physical exams .	The vast majority of these people do not need repeated physical exams .	pos_neg	13885
I am clearly vain , and I need that .	I am clearly vain , and I do not need that .	pos_neg	13886
These animals are Beanie Babies -- they are dogs .	These animals are not Beanie Babies -- they are dogs .	pos_neg	13887
" It is , " he said bluntly .	" It is not , " he said bluntly .	pos_neg	13888
-- Access to key spreadsheets is controlled .	-- Access to key spreadsheets is not controlled .	pos_neg	13889
" " I just sense that now .	" " I just do not sense that now .	pos_neg	13890
The backup , Trey Elder , disappointed .	The backup , Trey Elder , did not disappoint .	pos_neg	13891
Too bad it stuck with its original format .	Too bad it did not stick with its original format .	pos_neg	13892
Wanting to lead is enough - you have to have the capability .	Wanting to lead is not enough - you have to have the capability .	pos_neg	13893
But you know , fear is a faith .	But you know , fear is not a faith .	pos_neg	13894
For anyone else , though , it is bad .	For anyone else , though , it is not bad .	pos_neg	13895
But Jameel has said a word .	But Jameel has not said a word .	pos_neg	13896
That is opportunity .	That is not opportunity .	pos_neg	13897
But the general has seemed minded to give away his powers .	But the general has not seemed minded to give away his powers .	pos_neg	13898
It is boring , it confuses people , it works .	It is boring , it confuses people , it does not work .	pos_neg	13899
He is using rugby to get his own TV show .	He is not using rugby to get his own TV show .	pos_neg	13900
This is what the Colorado Rockies are doing .	This is not what the Colorado Rockies are doing .	pos_neg	13901
But they talked to the Taliban , he said .	But they did not talk to the Taliban , he said .	pos_neg	13902
Florida simply was as effective as it had been on offense .	Florida simply was not as effective as it had been on offense .	pos_neg	13903
It is going to hurt us .	It is not going to hurt us .	pos_neg	13904
" It is about the money , " Hendrick said .	" It is not about the money , " Hendrick said .	pos_neg	13905
Children are commodities , they are human beings .	Children are not commodities , they are human beings .	pos_neg	13906
Clearly , winning his first Stanley Cup had mellowed Burke .	Clearly , winning his first Stanley Cup had not mellowed Burke .	pos_neg	13907
" I just wanted to finish fifth , " Johnson said .	" I just did not want to finish fifth , " Johnson said .	pos_neg	13908
And I know how she does it .	And I do not know how she does it .	pos_neg	13909
The news was all good for the Tar Heels .	The news was not all good for the Tar Heels .	pos_neg	13910
What you have is a button to block enemy blows .	What you do not have is a button to block enemy blows .	pos_neg	13911
The SFA has its enemies to seek at FIFA .	The SFA does not have its enemies to seek at FIFA .	pos_neg	13912
Companies are countries .	Companies are not countries .	pos_neg	13913
Women are allowed to hold public office .	Women are not allowed to hold public office .	pos_neg	13914
There are lots of signs that things are well .	There are lots of signs that things are not well .	pos_neg	13915
And it rained .	And it did not rain .	pos_neg	13916
Now , we are going to give them one .	Now , we are not going to give them one .	pos_neg	13917
Suffice it to say , this is your usual Macallan or Glenfiddich .	Suffice it to say , this is not your usual Macallan or Glenfiddich .	pos_neg	13918
By Andrew Marshall Actually it is just for Bush .	By Andrew Marshall Actually it is not just for Bush .	pos_neg	13919
It is about race , it is about face .	It is not about race , it is about face .	pos_neg	13920
Anyone can see that is a great way to run a business .	Anyone can see that is not a great way to run a business .	pos_neg	13921
" I think so , " she said .	" I do not think so , " she said .	pos_neg	13922
I did warn you being an all-natural beauty is always easy !	I did warn you being an all-natural beauty is not always easy !	pos_neg	13923
The approach is without critics .	The approach is not without critics .	pos_neg	13924
The government in Beijing is susceptible to influence on human rights grounds .	The government in Beijing is not susceptible to influence on human rights grounds .	pos_neg	13925
Life without compromise is cheap .	Life without compromise is not cheap .	pos_neg	13926
Schools that meet goals can face sanctions .	Schools that do not meet goals can face sanctions .	pos_neg	13927
She thinks the Ehrlichs recycled .	She does not think the Ehrlichs recycled .	pos_neg	13928
Prospective investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are guarantees of performance .	Prospective investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance .	pos_neg	13929
The Times article disclosed that Mr. Kilgannon had taken notes .	The Times article disclosed that Mr. Kilgannon had not taken notes .	pos_neg	13930
More than a third of teachers say they trust their principals .	More than a third of teachers say they do not trust their principals .	pos_neg	13931
Examples in the Salt Lake Valley are hard to find .	Examples in the Salt Lake Valley are not hard to find .	pos_neg	13932
The Indians have won a World Series since 1948 .	The Indians have not won a World Series since 1948 .	pos_neg	13933
" This was a land grab , " he told one reporter .	" This was not a land grab , " he told one reporter .	pos_neg	13934
" This is something that is a savior , " Paulson said .	" This is something that is not a savior , " Paulson said .	pos_neg	13935
Telephone calls to the prison were answered on Monday .	Telephone calls to the prison were not answered on Monday .	pos_neg	13936
Senior members of her party were so sure .	Senior members of her party were not so sure .	pos_neg	13937
Berkshire representatives were immediately available for comment .	Berkshire representatives were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	13938
The National Theater said its policy is to allow guest actors .	The National Theater said its policy is not to allow guest actors .	pos_neg	13939
But it is because guests are shy .	But it is not because guests are shy .	pos_neg	13940
Some protesters saw a chance that the situation will improve .	Some protesters did not see a chance that the situation will improve .	pos_neg	13941
" " The old way of excluding meant they were getting education .	" " The old way of excluding meant they were not getting education .	pos_neg	13942
Federal prosecutors returned a call seeking comment Sunday .	Federal prosecutors did not return a call seeking comment Sunday .	pos_neg	13943
He wanted Moss to panic .	He did not want Moss to panic .	pos_neg	13944
That is to say the properties will remain untouched .	That is not to say the properties will remain untouched .	pos_neg	13945
Many of the radios worked .	Many of the radios did not work .	pos_neg	13946
And it was anti-Semitism that caused that .	And it was not anti-Semitism that caused that .	pos_neg	13947
" " I am going to answer that cellphone .	" " I am not going to answer that cellphone .	pos_neg	13948
This position has changed .	This position has not changed .	pos_neg	13949
He gave details of the police findings .	He did not give details of the police findings .	pos_neg	13950
Security Council resolutions are enough .	Security Council resolutions are not enough .	pos_neg	13951
But it went far enough .	But it did not go far enough .	pos_neg	13952
I worry about him .	I do not worry about him .	pos_neg	13953
Franny 's earliest supporters were impulsive .	Franny 's earliest supporters were not impulsive .	pos_neg	13954
" " You temporize .	" " You do not temporize .	pos_neg	13955
Activision representatives returned calls for comment from the newspaper on Wednesday .	Activision representatives did not return calls for comment from the newspaper on Wednesday .	pos_neg	13956
And membership in the AMA is required to practice medicine .	And membership in the AMA is not required to practice medicine .	pos_neg	13957
No , they are using drugs , legal or otherwise .	No , they are not using drugs , legal or otherwise .	pos_neg	13958
He has been ruled out for the San Diego game .	He has not been ruled out for the San Diego game .	pos_neg	13959
But what 's happening to him is about Iowa baseball mythology .	But what 's happening to him is not about Iowa baseball mythology .	pos_neg	13960
In all honesty , we deserved to make the playoffs .	In all honesty , we did not deserve to make the playoffs .	pos_neg	13961
Financial terms of the agreement were disclosed .	Financial terms of the agreement were not disclosed .	pos_neg	13962
'No , it is my beard .	'No , it is not my beard .	pos_neg	13963
We are completely helpless , things are in position .	We are not completely helpless , things are in position .	pos_neg	13964
I killed Lesley Molseed .	I did not kill Lesley Molseed .	pos_neg	13965
But we will never get there if people care .	But we will never get there if people do not care .	pos_neg	13966
Rescuers said what the sighting turned out to be .	Rescuers did not say what the sighting turned out to be .	pos_neg	13967
Business is alone in such frustrations .	Business is not alone in such frustrations .	pos_neg	13968
But Downes blazes the college trail alone .	But Downes does not blaze the college trail alone .	pos_neg	13969
This equates to learning .	This does not equate to learning .	pos_neg	13970
Mr Eldon retired from HSBC in 2005 and is on the board .	Mr Eldon retired from HSBC in 2005 and is not on the board .	pos_neg	13971
But the two sides are very far apart .	But the two sides are not very far apart .	pos_neg	13972
Ashton Bonds played football last year but was playing this season .	Ashton Bonds played football last year but was not playing this season .	pos_neg	13973
But the project has been hampered by this incident .	But the project has not been hampered by this incident .	pos_neg	13974
Thirty-eight percent knew how they came to be infected .	Thirty-eight percent did not know how they came to be infected .	pos_neg	13975
Jonathan has come to class .	Jonathan has not come to class .	pos_neg	13976
I just understand comedian Kathy Griffin .	I just do not understand comedian Kathy Griffin .	pos_neg	13977
" We exaggerate the wedding , " Kajman said .	" We do not exaggerate the wedding , " Kajman said .	pos_neg	13978
That is a compromise .	That is not a compromise .	pos_neg	13979
" I think people deliberately misled us , " he said .	" I do not think people deliberately misled us , " he said .	pos_neg	13980
It is an overnight thing .	It is not an overnight thing .	pos_neg	13981
Cervical cancer is the only malignancy that is caused by HPV .	Cervical cancer is not the only malignancy that is caused by HPV .	pos_neg	13982
After all , small farm towns with good colleges are that common .	After all , small farm towns with good colleges are not that common .	pos_neg	13983
Vehicles are allowed inside for fear of car bombs .	Vehicles are not allowed inside for fear of car bombs .	pos_neg	13984
Dead on the morrow , he got to see them .	Dead on the morrow , he did not get to see them .	pos_neg	13985
And , if it is any consolation , you are alone .	And , if it is any consolation , you are not alone .	pos_neg	13986
We want that to continue .	We do not want that to continue .	pos_neg	13987
Misgivings over the administration of justice stop there .	Misgivings over the administration of justice do not stop there .	pos_neg	13988
He is commenting on Dick Cheney 's marksmanship lowlights here .	He is not commenting on Dick Cheney 's marksmanship lowlights here .	pos_neg	13989
" " When you are trapped by poverty , you are free .	" " When you are trapped by poverty , you are not free .	pos_neg	13990
( Southern Living ) -- Dad wants a tie .	( Southern Living ) -- Dad does not want a tie .	pos_neg	13991
Cleland was involved in Hollriegel 's research .	Cleland was not involved in Hollriegel 's research .	pos_neg	13992
At least its name was mentioned .	At least its name was not mentioned .	pos_neg	13993
A message left on the answering machine at his residence was returned .	A message left on the answering machine at his residence was not returned .	pos_neg	13994
They come and live with you .	They do not come and live with you .	pos_neg	13995
No one told her about contraception , so she used it .	No one told her about contraception , so she did not use it .	pos_neg	13996
LR : Oh , I know .	LR : Oh , I do not know .	pos_neg	13997
I am sure this is the last word on batteries .	I am sure this is not the last word on batteries .	pos_neg	13998
But he feels that pressure .	But he does not feel that pressure .	pos_neg	13999
Inevitably , some of them end well .	Inevitably , some of them do not end well .	pos_neg	14000
She is lost a penny .	She is not lost a penny .	pos_neg	14001
We have brought that war to an end .	We have not brought that war to an end .	pos_neg	14002
" " This is a free-for-all .	" " This is not a free-for-all .	pos_neg	14003
He was to be so fortunate again , as Nalbandian was remorseless .	He was not to be so fortunate again , as Nalbandian was remorseless .	pos_neg	14004
" " We are making a documentary for the History Channel .	" " We are not making a documentary for the History Channel .	pos_neg	14005
The track record for shifting traffic to distant airports is great .	The track record for shifting traffic to distant airports is not great .	pos_neg	14006
Congress seized it , and all the problems are still there .	Congress did not seize it , and all the problems are still there .	pos_neg	14007
The cause of death was immediately released .	The cause of death was not immediately released .	pos_neg	14008
Turns out it is that simple .	Turns out it is not that simple .	pos_neg	14009
We are close .	We are not close .	pos_neg	14010
The bank card has been used since , he said .	The bank card has not been used since , he said .	pos_neg	14011
I am a believer - and I am the only one .	I am a believer - and I am not the only one .	pos_neg	14012
Clinton was defining him , and he was responding .	Clinton was defining him , and he was not responding .	pos_neg	14013
The New York law is quite that simple .	The New York law is not quite that simple .	pos_neg	14014
If you do well , no one will be disappointed .	If you do not do well , no one will be disappointed .	pos_neg	14015
But let 's pretend they are easy .	But let 's not pretend they are easy .	pos_neg	14016
I never received anything in a shipment that was prescribed to me .	I never received anything in a shipment that was not prescribed to me .	pos_neg	14017
You can also take finesses you need .	You can also take finesses you do not need .	pos_neg	14018
But some experts are warning there is enough detail in the plans .	But some experts are warning there is not enough detail in the plans .	pos_neg	14019
Only problem is he is feeling like a No. 1-ranked player .	Only problem is he is not feeling like a No. 1-ranked player .	pos_neg	14020
We expect redundancies .	We do not expect redundancies .	pos_neg	14021
My music is really a representation of my real life .	My music is not really a representation of my real life .	pos_neg	14022
Government handouts have blinded the monks to the everyday suffering many encounter .	Government handouts have not blinded the monks to the everyday suffering many encounter .	pos_neg	14023
He said an assault weapon ban is the answer .	He said an assault weapon ban is not the answer .	pos_neg	14024
Often a woman is more attractive , her hair is just longer .	Often a woman is not more attractive , her hair is just longer .	pos_neg	14025
He limped away , and came back for his third attempt .	He limped away , and did not come back for his third attempt .	pos_neg	14026
That includes VAT .	That does not include VAT .	pos_neg	14027
We have a bunch of kids who did right .	We have a bunch of kids who did not do right .	pos_neg	14028
The rats discriminate .	The rats do not discriminate .	pos_neg	14029
And football coaches like change .	And football coaches do not like change .	pos_neg	14030
I knew it was text .	I did not know it was text .	pos_neg	14031
Some suggest that perhaps children like Evan were autistic to begin with .	Some suggest that perhaps children like Evan were not autistic to begin with .	pos_neg	14032
Us Weekly is as unreliable as the National Enquirer .	Us Weekly is not as unreliable as the National Enquirer .	pos_neg	14033
I had lied .	I had not lied .	pos_neg	14034
But that is his game .	But that is not his game .	pos_neg	14035
" It is an admission of culpability , " Nantongo said .	" It is not an admission of culpability , " Nantongo said .	pos_neg	14036
And Giuliani 's legacy on 9 / 11 is indisputable .	And Giuliani 's legacy on 9 / 11 is not indisputable .	pos_neg	14037
But hold your breath .	But do not hold your breath .	pos_neg	14038
When Ramírez budged , Ortiz tried a different tactic .	When Ramírez did not budge , Ortiz tried a different tactic .	pos_neg	14039
And this was it .	And this was not it .	pos_neg	14040
Writing was there to make people feel good and sell copies .	Writing was not there to make people feel good and sell copies .	pos_neg	14041
This , he believes , is accidental .	This , he believes , is not accidental .	pos_neg	14042
That is how Frank Gibney saw it .	That is not how Frank Gibney saw it .	pos_neg	14043
Britain is alone in its plans .	Britain is not alone in its plans .	pos_neg	14044
He is going to play football again .	He is not going to play football again .	pos_neg	14045
But these measures are a new concept .	But these measures are not a new concept .	pos_neg	14046
For some , the risk is worth it .	For some , the risk is not worth it .	pos_neg	14047
For starters , the wind blows all the time .	For starters , the wind does not blow all the time .	pos_neg	14048
It is a priority right now .	It is not a priority right now .	pos_neg	14049
I am no sci-fi nut , but that is Aquaman .	I am no sci-fi nut , but that is not Aquaman .	pos_neg	14050
A financial panic is just a big price decline .	A financial panic is not just a big price decline .	pos_neg	14051
After the loss Saturday , Glenn said he remembered the gesture .	After the loss Saturday , Glenn said he did not remember the gesture .	pos_neg	14052
The Washington area is one of the nation 's few rising markets .	The Washington area is not one of the nation 's few rising markets .	pos_neg	14053
" We are a one-issue Government , " he added .	" We are not a one-issue Government , " he added .	pos_neg	14054
The service requires a contract .	The service does not require a contract .	pos_neg	14055
Government officials were immediately available for comment on the allegations .	Government officials were not immediately available for comment on the allegations .	pos_neg	14056
Bornstein played .	Bornstein did not play .	pos_neg	14057
And we certainly arm the PKK .	And we certainly do not arm the PKK .	pos_neg	14058
Saturday was great , but it is history now .	Saturday was not great , but it is history now .	pos_neg	14059
His designs were always well received .	His designs were not always well received .	pos_neg	14060
" " I want to fight on for money .	" " I do not want to fight on for money .	pos_neg	14061
Locals appreciate the insinuations .	Locals do not appreciate the insinuations .	pos_neg	14062
But she projected a star 's charisma .	But she did not project a star 's charisma .	pos_neg	14063
MTM admitted wrongdoing but paid $ 2.4 million .	MTM did not admit wrongdoing but paid $ 2.4 million .	pos_neg	14064
It is the first time the agency has been in trouble .	It is not the first time the agency has been in trouble .	pos_neg	14065
This was what he envisaged for teachers .	This was not what he envisaged for teachers .	pos_neg	14066
SOURCE Spare Change Jewelry Privately held Zimbra discloses its revenue .	SOURCE Spare Change Jewelry Privately held Zimbra does not disclose its revenue .	pos_neg	14067
You have many strikers in England who have these kind of qualities .	You have not many strikers in England who have these kind of qualities .	pos_neg	14068
It goes away .	It does not go away .	pos_neg	14069
This report is about banning things .	This report is not about banning things .	pos_neg	14070
I have seen things I knew man was incapable of .	I have seen things I did not know man was incapable of .	pos_neg	14071
( laughs ) I know - ask James .	( laughs ) I do not know - ask James .	pos_neg	14072
I have worn a suit since my days in an Orthodox yeshiva .	I have not worn a suit since my days in an Orthodox yeshiva .	pos_neg	14073
But expect the Indians or their manager to be rattled .	But do not expect the Indians or their manager to be rattled .	pos_neg	14074
Ramda was asked to enter a plea .	Ramda was not asked to enter a plea .	pos_neg	14075
That is just a class issues .	That is not just a class issues .	pos_neg	14076
And he is worried in the least .	And he is not worried in the least .	pos_neg	14077
Minneapolis Bridge Construction Starts Three of the cases are students .	Minneapolis Bridge Construction Starts Three of the cases are not students .	pos_neg	14078
In any case , what they do is fall asleep .	In any case , what they do not do is fall asleep .	pos_neg	14079
Very quickly I figured out that was what was expected of me .	Very quickly I figured out that was not what was expected of me .	pos_neg	14080
I feel animosity towards him .	I do not feel animosity towards him .	pos_neg	14081
" I am , " Weinsier replied .	" I am not , " Weinsier replied .	pos_neg	14082
Indeed , the best producers are the ones who are hurting .	Indeed , the best producers are not the ones who are hurting .	pos_neg	14083
, home , said she was available .	, home , said she was not available .	pos_neg	14084
If you have a real team , you 'll get nowhere .	If you do not have a real team , you 'll get nowhere .	pos_neg	14085
Her attorney returned messages seeking comment .	Her attorney did not return messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	14086
A I know .	A I do not know .	pos_neg	14087
I wanted to disturb the side .	I did not want to disturb the side .	pos_neg	14088
" I am a terrorist , " Carol Gotbaum screamed .	" I am not a terrorist , " Carol Gotbaum screamed .	pos_neg	14089
I see nearly enough of it .	I do not see nearly enough of it .	pos_neg	14090
I said a word .	I did not say a word .	pos_neg	14091
Voices are necessarily interesting because they are technically good in pop music .	Voices are not necessarily interesting because they are technically good in pop music .	pos_neg	14092
Let 's face it : Federal air marshals are on most flights .	Let 's face it : Federal air marshals are not on most flights .	pos_neg	14093
The reasons behind much male " sub-fertility " are fully understood .	The reasons behind much male " sub-fertility " are not fully understood .	pos_neg	14094
That , Dr. Daniels discovered , is true .	That , Dr. Daniels discovered , is not true .	pos_neg	14095
Of course , doing good precludes one from living well .	Of course , doing good does not preclude one from living well .	pos_neg	14096
It is always an easy case to make .	It is not always an easy case to make .	pos_neg	14097
The uneasy comparisons end there .	The uneasy comparisons do not end there .	pos_neg	14098
The Company undertakes to review or update these forward-looking statements .	The Company does not undertake to review or update these forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	14099
The players are the kings , we are .	The players are the kings , we are not .	pos_neg	14100
But many incidents are formally reported by police .	But many incidents are not formally reported by police .	pos_neg	14101
He said they do push polling .	He said they do not do push polling .	pos_neg	14102
As they say , the opposite of love is hate but indifference .	As they say , the opposite of love is not hate but indifference .	pos_neg	14103
Representatives from New York-based Macklowe Properties returned calls for comment .	Representatives from New York-based Macklowe Properties did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	14104
The president says he believes in this .	The president says he does not believe in this .	pos_neg	14105
It is very glamorous to look like you are trying .	It is very glamorous to look like you are not trying .	pos_neg	14106
As a child , Jermaine went to sleepovers or pool parties .	As a child , Jermaine did not go to sleepovers or pool parties .	pos_neg	14107
No , you want that from a librarian .	No , you do not want that from a librarian .	pos_neg	14108
Neal is as certain .	Neal is not as certain .	pos_neg	14109
" We have a lead problem , " he said .	" We do not have a lead problem , " he said .	pos_neg	14110
Rice cited the reported North Korean-Syrian links .	Rice did not cite the reported North Korean-Syrian links .	pos_neg	14111
Withholding Information He was always sure where to throw the ball .	Withholding Information He was not always sure where to throw the ball .	pos_neg	14112
A week later , however , she said it was .	A week later , however , she said it was not .	pos_neg	14113
" I was going to get cheated , " Zaun said .	" I was not going to get cheated , " Zaun said .	pos_neg	14114
" We are trying to influence a decision , " he said .	" We are not trying to influence a decision , " he said .	pos_neg	14115
But Mr. Jewison had time to make it himself .	But Mr. Jewison did not have time to make it himself .	pos_neg	14116
A call to Asner 's manager seeking comment was immediately returned .	A call to Asner 's manager seeking comment was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	14117
Both films did well on the box office .	Both films did not do well on the box office .	pos_neg	14118
Either way , it affected Romo 's play .	Either way , it did not affect Romo 's play .	pos_neg	14119
But in the World Series , being better is always important .	But in the World Series , being better is not always important .	pos_neg	14120
Whether that produces better teaching and more accomplished students is clear .	Whether that produces better teaching and more accomplished students is not clear .	pos_neg	14121
The name of the company was immediately released .	The name of the company was not immediately released .	pos_neg	14122
The CPS decided in 2001 that the image was indecent .	The CPS decided in 2001 that the image was not indecent .	pos_neg	14123
He was told , however , that he was allowed to leave .	He was told , however , that he was not allowed to leave .	pos_neg	14124
It is one I would recommend Mr Cameron to try .	It is not one I would recommend Mr Cameron to try .	pos_neg	14125
But the council has been alone in voicing concerns .	But the council has not been alone in voicing concerns .	pos_neg	14126
" But that is the reality , " he said .	" But that is not the reality , " he said .	pos_neg	14127
They had more preparation , but I am making that an excuse .	They had more preparation , but I am not making that an excuse .	pos_neg	14128
Mr. Bryce is sanguine about the future , however .	Mr. Bryce is not sanguine about the future , however .	pos_neg	14129
The fate of the three men identified as collaborators was published .	The fate of the three men identified as collaborators was not published .	pos_neg	14130
LIM : When I play , I feel nervous .	LIM : When I play , I do not feel nervous .	pos_neg	14131
... " We are afraid of sanctions , " read one banner .	... " We are not afraid of sanctions , " read one banner .	pos_neg	14132
" It is just me and her , " Wariner said .	" It is not just me and her , " Wariner said .	pos_neg	14133
Witnesses said security forces surrounded the funeral procession but interfered .	Witnesses said security forces surrounded the funeral procession but did not interfere .	pos_neg	14134
The Treasury expects consumers to retrench in response to the uncertainty .	The Treasury does not expect consumers to retrench in response to the uncertainty .	pos_neg	14135
He knows for how long .	He does not know for how long .	pos_neg	14136
" The Taliban targets civilians , " he said .	" The Taliban does not target civilians , " he said .	pos_neg	14137
It probably is wise to buy a whole bunch of furniture together .	It probably is not wise to buy a whole bunch of furniture together .	pos_neg	14138
I was so stunned I moved .	I was so stunned I did not move .	pos_neg	14139
Agency officials were available for comment Friday , a national holiday .	Agency officials were not available for comment Friday , a national holiday .	pos_neg	14140
We got them .	We did not get them .	pos_neg	14141
Usually , we leave them behind .	Usually , we do not leave them behind .	pos_neg	14142
If you disagree with me , vote for me .	If you disagree with me , do not vote for me .	pos_neg	14143
" " If they charge Riccio I will be very upset .	" " If they do not charge Riccio I will be very upset .	pos_neg	14144
I know what else to say but that .	I do not know what else to say but that .	pos_neg	14145
But he said a personal assistant 's compensation was necessarily just money .	But he said a personal assistant 's compensation was not necessarily just money .	pos_neg	14146
Federer heard the rumors , but took them seriously .	Federer heard the rumors , but did not take them seriously .	pos_neg	14147
But colleagues say he is overtly political .	But colleagues say he is not overtly political .	pos_neg	14148
As far as he is concerned , this is a good thing .	As far as he is concerned , this is not a good thing .	pos_neg	14149
The mission is weak and the generals care .	The mission is weak and the generals do not care .	pos_neg	14150
Calls to an InfoUSA spokesman were returned .	Calls to an InfoUSA spokesman were not returned .	pos_neg	14151
The Lebanese government has responded to Amnesty 's recommendations .	The Lebanese government has not responded to Amnesty 's recommendations .	pos_neg	14152
They were Grammy Awards , but Emmys .	They were not Grammy Awards , but Emmys .	pos_neg	14153
They realize it is private .	They do not realize it is private .	pos_neg	14154
I am so good on the budget department .	I am not so good on the budget department .	pos_neg	14155
Apple officials were immediately available for comment .	Apple officials were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	14156
We used the clock .	We did not use the clock .	pos_neg	14157
But there is a lot of time .	But there is not a lot of time .	pos_neg	14158
Meanwhile , some who do are being allowed to leave .	Meanwhile , some who do are not being allowed to leave .	pos_neg	14159
But she set a timetable for completing that withdrawal .	But she did not set a timetable for completing that withdrawal .	pos_neg	14160
It is clear that all European governments are prepared for this .	It is not clear that all European governments are prepared for this .	pos_neg	14161
I think he understood what the possible consequences could be .	I do not think he understood what the possible consequences could be .	pos_neg	14162
She is a nursing home resident but was segregated with the elderly .	She is not a nursing home resident but was segregated with the elderly .	pos_neg	14163
" This is a separate product , " Mr. Garlinghouse said .	" This is not a separate product , " Mr. Garlinghouse said .	pos_neg	14164
" That is fair , " he snapped .	" That is not fair , " he snapped .	pos_neg	14165
The tribal areas are under the control of the Pakistani government .	The tribal areas are not under the control of the Pakistani government .	pos_neg	14166
But expect a rush back to the ways of the 1960s .	But do not expect a rush back to the ways of the 1960s .	pos_neg	14167
The success of the debt elimination plan is determinable at this time .	The success of the debt elimination plan is not determinable at this time .	pos_neg	14168
Dollar figures were available for this past weekend .	Dollar figures were not available for this past weekend .	pos_neg	14169
It is multiple choice .	It is not multiple choice .	pos_neg	14170
But for me , that is sufficient .	But for me , that is not sufficient .	pos_neg	14171
Brendan Hart is your typical Dartmouth sophomore .	Brendan Hart is not your typical Dartmouth sophomore .	pos_neg	14172
His body has been identified .	His body has not been identified .	pos_neg	14173
The test shown is only for research and is available .	The test shown is only for research and is not available .	pos_neg	14174
The report addressed government enforcement of the law .	The report did not address government enforcement of the law .	pos_neg	14175
It was connected to 9 / 11 .	It was not connected to 9 / 11 .	pos_neg	14176
The woman and ambulance staff were injured in the accident .	The woman and ambulance staff were not injured in the accident .	pos_neg	14177
That the people break out in song bothered me .	That the people break out in song did not bother me .	pos_neg	14178
However , I am a high-level name .	However , I am not a high-level name .	pos_neg	14179
I want you to start fooling them about mine .	I do not want you to start fooling them about mine .	pos_neg	14180
He has said what he plans to do next .	He has not said what he plans to do next .	pos_neg	14181
Mary Smith said she believes Walter Smith killed his sister .	Mary Smith said she does not believe Walter Smith killed his sister .	pos_neg	14182
Astronomers know why the outburst occurred .	Astronomers do not know why the outburst occurred .	pos_neg	14183
" This is just about combating fraud , " he added .	" This is not just about combating fraud , " he added .	pos_neg	14184
When it is normal , he is at his best .	When it is not normal , he is at his best .	pos_neg	14185
But he said it was important fear turned into anxiety .	But he said it was important fear did not turn into anxiety .	pos_neg	14186
He revealed details .	He did not reveal details .	pos_neg	14187
But the constitutional debate shows that people want major institutional upheaval .	But the constitutional debate shows that people do not want major institutional upheaval .	pos_neg	14188
Mr. Falco was speaking to reporters yesterday .	Mr. Falco was not speaking to reporters yesterday .	pos_neg	14189
We just performed tonight and that is the end of it .	We just did not perform tonight and that is the end of it .	pos_neg	14190
Bickerton said the global credit squeeze had impacted fund-raising for the deal .	Bickerton said the global credit squeeze had not impacted fund-raising for the deal .	pos_neg	14191
I subscribe to the idea I could run a biscuit factory .	I do not subscribe to the idea I could run a biscuit factory .	pos_neg	14192
You murder someone to get rid of them .	You do not murder someone to get rid of them .	pos_neg	14193
This is good if you are in the market for milk .	This is not good if you are in the market for milk .	pos_neg	14194
It is enough .	It is not enough .	pos_neg	14195
My point is that racial origin matters to me .	My point is that racial origin does not matter to me .	pos_neg	14196
And we know where she is .	And we do not know where she is .	pos_neg	14197
ALBA : I know .	ALBA : I do not know .	pos_neg	14198
It mattered anyway .	It did not matter anyway .	pos_neg	14199
We had a family history of that .	We did not have a family history of that .	pos_neg	14200
Stopovers are permitted .	Stopovers are not permitted .	pos_neg	14201
That means women with asthma should stop breast-feeding .	That does not mean women with asthma should stop breast-feeding .	pos_neg	14202
Here 's betting Britney has one of those .	Here 's betting Britney does not have one of those .	pos_neg	14203
But that means they have to do it all themselves .	But that does not mean they have to do it all themselves .	pos_neg	14204
" It is Joe 's fault , " Alex Rodriguez said .	" It is not Joe 's fault , " Alex Rodriguez said .	pos_neg	14205
It is like it is the end of the world .	It is not like it is the end of the world .	pos_neg	14206
Mr. Jindal 's office responded to requests for comment .	Mr. Jindal 's office did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	14207
His injuries were life-threatening .	His injuries were not life-threatening .	pos_neg	14208
And it is China .	And it is not China .	pos_neg	14209
Reality television rises to challenges .	Reality television does not rise to challenges .	pos_neg	14210
Shorts ensembles were the only trendlet inspired by falling temperatures .	Shorts ensembles were not the only trendlet inspired by falling temperatures .	pos_neg	14211
I think that is fair .	I do not think that is fair .	pos_neg	14212
But I advocate it .	But I do not advocate it .	pos_neg	14213
What he has come up with is an explanation for that success .	What he has not come up with is an explanation for that success .	pos_neg	14214
Mr. Sheehy is teaching at Horace Mann this year .	Mr. Sheehy is not teaching at Horace Mann this year .	pos_neg	14215
But this Jeremy Shockey does that .	But this Jeremy Shockey does not do that .	pos_neg	14216
I am one of O.J. ' s men .	I am not one of O.J. ' s men .	pos_neg	14217
It just worked out for us .	It just did not work out for us .	pos_neg	14218
Chip shop chain sale on the menu We are a selling club .	Chip shop chain sale on the menu We are not a selling club .	pos_neg	14219
It also emerged that the warehouse was fitted with a sprinkler system .	It also emerged that the warehouse was not fitted with a sprinkler system .	pos_neg	14220
The bottle is empty so I might as well finish it .	The bottle is not empty so I might as well finish it .	pos_neg	14221
You want to stop too suddenly .	You do not want to stop too suddenly .	pos_neg	14222
Clearly it has taken with some people here .	Clearly it has not taken with some people here .	pos_neg	14223
Interestingly , some photographs are what you would expect .	Interestingly , some photographs are not what you would expect .	pos_neg	14224
Unfortunately for the athlete , that is enough .	Unfortunately for the athlete , that is not enough .	pos_neg	14225
Snow said cancer was a factor in his departure .	Snow said cancer was not a factor in his departure .	pos_neg	14226
What is telling is that the neighbors complained .	What is telling is that the neighbors did not complain .	pos_neg	14227
You 're one of those people sitting on the couch .	You 're not one of those people sitting on the couch .	pos_neg	14228
" Please , this is an issue , " the president asserted .	" Please , this is not an issue , " the president asserted .	pos_neg	14229
She had a sufficient kick left so soon after Berlin .	She did not have a sufficient kick left so soon after Berlin .	pos_neg	14230
In total , 19 programs were represented on the list .	In total , 19 programs were not represented on the list .	pos_neg	14231
Donald McCaig 's fine novel is an hommage .	Donald McCaig 's fine novel is not an hommage .	pos_neg	14232
Mr Ma is everything that most Chinese entrepreneurs are .	Mr Ma is everything that most Chinese entrepreneurs are not .	pos_neg	14233
XM and Sirius are so certain .	XM and Sirius are not so certain .	pos_neg	14234
He has pitched in the big leagues since .	He has not pitched in the big leagues since .	pos_neg	14235
The cemetery has entirely escaped the region 's volatile politics .	The cemetery has not entirely escaped the region 's volatile politics .	pos_neg	14236
Here 's what I get .	Here 's what I do not get .	pos_neg	14237
They go and develop new roots .	They do not go and develop new roots .	pos_neg	14238
The whole idea of the book is to hurt somebody .	The whole idea of the book is not to hurt somebody .	pos_neg	14239
But the rules allow switching back and forth among specialties .	But the rules do not allow switching back and forth among specialties .	pos_neg	14240
It was a grand final for us and it was for them .	It was a grand final for us and it was not for them .	pos_neg	14241
PARISIANS go window shopping .	PARISIANS do not go window shopping .	pos_neg	14242
Likewise , Republican aides were convinced Democrats are negotiating in good faith .	Likewise , Republican aides were not convinced Democrats are negotiating in good faith .	pos_neg	14243
A call seeking comment from the FBI was immediately returned Monday .	A call seeking comment from the FBI was not immediately returned Monday .	pos_neg	14244
Cutting back on ship orders had produced big savings .	Cutting back on ship orders had not produced big savings .	pos_neg	14245
A message for comment left with the network was returned Wednesday .	A message for comment left with the network was not returned Wednesday .	pos_neg	14246
All endorsements are created equally ( more on that below ) .	All endorsements are not created equally ( more on that below ) .	pos_neg	14247
But she was an overnight success .	But she was not an overnight success .	pos_neg	14248
His singing was flawless .	His singing was not flawless .	pos_neg	14249
Washington , DC The initiative covers charter schools .	Washington , DC The initiative does not cover charter schools .	pos_neg	14250
The exact nature of the Christmas Eve program was immediately clear .	The exact nature of the Christmas Eve program was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	14251
It is just a source of organs .	It is not just a source of organs .	pos_neg	14252
The event was listed on Mr. Bloomberg 's public schedule .	The event was not listed on Mr. Bloomberg 's public schedule .	pos_neg	14253
It is as if he ignored the storm 's damage .	It is not as if he ignored the storm 's damage .	pos_neg	14254
Calls to the company 's headquarters were immediately returned .	Calls to the company 's headquarters were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	14255
" I know , " with an expletive added .	" I do not know , " with an expletive added .	pos_neg	14256
I know what kind of family man he is .	I do not know what kind of family man he is .	pos_neg	14257
It is like picketing a food store .	It is not like picketing a food store .	pos_neg	14258
It is going to be fun .	It is not going to be fun .	pos_neg	14259
Unrest broke out in two districts but appeared serious .	Unrest broke out in two districts but did not appear serious .	pos_neg	14260
They know if it is wrong .	They do not know if it is wrong .	pos_neg	14261
They are about the cowboys themselves .	They are not about the cowboys themselves .	pos_neg	14262
Change in tone But Assad said Syria was about to attack Israel .	Change in tone But Assad said Syria was not about to attack Israel .	pos_neg	14263
Lots of people get rich .	Lots of people do not get rich .	pos_neg	14264
But trying to find her supporters is easy .	But trying to find her supporters is not easy .	pos_neg	14265
The similarities end there .	The similarities do not end there .	pos_neg	14266
But we were .	But we were not .	pos_neg	14267
That softens the hunger on the global side .	That does not soften the hunger on the global side .	pos_neg	14268
She was seen again .	She was not seen again .	pos_neg	14269
It is commonly performed on teens because the long-term results are uncertain .	It is not commonly performed on teens because the long-term results are uncertain .	pos_neg	14270
Westhoff ruled out returning after next season .	Westhoff did not rule out returning after next season .	pos_neg	14271
You just do your work ; you expect it .	You just do your work ; you do not expect it .	pos_neg	14272
Perhaps understandably , that relationship worked out .	Perhaps understandably , that relationship did not work out .	pos_neg	14273
Ronaldo was hurt July 31 during pre-season training and has played since .	Ronaldo was hurt July 31 during pre-season training and has not played since .	pos_neg	14274
They had won there since a 2-1 victory in October 2002 .	They had not won there since a 2-1 victory in October 2002 .	pos_neg	14275
Clearly , the airlines agree .	Clearly , the airlines do not agree .	pos_neg	14276
At this point , we know what it means .	At this point , we do not know what it means .	pos_neg	14277
She is naive - the cancer could return .	She is not naive - the cancer could return .	pos_neg	14278
Some may grouse that his Nureyev film is really a dance film .	Some may grouse that his Nureyev film is not really a dance film .	pos_neg	14279
But they are mine .	But they are not mine .	pos_neg	14280
In Simpson 's new case , she said , she is sure .	In Simpson 's new case , she said , she is not sure .	pos_neg	14281
Osedax worms have mouths or guts .	Osedax worms do not have mouths or guts .	pos_neg	14282
Day said she knew where the threatening call originated .	Day said she did not know where the threatening call originated .	pos_neg	14283
Hunt revealed last week he was certain where his future lay .	Hunt revealed last week he was not certain where his future lay .	pos_neg	14284
They like to stay out too late .	They do not like to stay out too late .	pos_neg	14285
This is to say the hippies were wrong .	This is not to say the hippies were wrong .	pos_neg	14286
Perhaps there are some who want Russia to become stronger .	Perhaps there are some who do not want Russia to become stronger .	pos_neg	14287
There were many young Italians .	There were not many young Italians .	pos_neg	14288
Of course , sweetheart deals for Jones Beach concessionaires are new .	Of course , sweetheart deals for Jones Beach concessionaires are not new .	pos_neg	14289
( 9 ) I am a bad person .	( 9 ) I am not a bad person .	pos_neg	14290
Spacey is the first U.S. celebrity to seek out the president .	Spacey is not the first U.S. celebrity to seek out the president .	pos_neg	14291
The scrutiny of the Edwardess ' choice is unusual .	The scrutiny of the Edwardess ' choice is not unusual .	pos_neg	14292
This means that Tory and Labour approaches are the same .	This does not mean that Tory and Labour approaches are the same .	pos_neg	14293
Microsoft returned NEWSWEEK 's calls to comment on this story .	Microsoft did not return NEWSWEEK 's calls to comment on this story .	pos_neg	14294
Using other companies ' technology in a unique way qualifies .	Using other companies ' technology in a unique way does not qualify .	pos_neg	14295
" I think you can underestimate speed , " Roddick said .	" I do not think you can underestimate speed , " Roddick said .	pos_neg	14296
It is easy here , but that is how we like it .	It is not easy here , but that is how we like it .	pos_neg	14297
Isolation is the answer .	Isolation is not the answer .	pos_neg	14298
" " It is just about the club .	" " It is not just about the club .	pos_neg	14299
When she did , she hectored him .	When she did , she did not hector him .	pos_neg	14300
And it is just a worthy project .	And it is not just a worthy project .	pos_neg	14301
I was entirely sure about Steve 's marital status .	I was not entirely sure about Steve 's marital status .	pos_neg	14302
And it is true that all tourist money goes to the regime .	And it is not true that all tourist money goes to the regime .	pos_neg	14303
Two thirds of the extra housing demand is from immigration .	Two thirds of the extra housing demand is not from immigration .	pos_neg	14304
" " I think he is out shopping the market .	" " I do not think he is out shopping the market .	pos_neg	14305
However , police said he had formally dropped his complaint .	However , police said he had not formally dropped his complaint .	pos_neg	14306
Women take part in the poll .	Women do not take part in the poll .	pos_neg	14307
But she maintains that a sale is needed to save Wendy 's .	But she maintains that a sale is not needed to save Wendy 's .	pos_neg	14308
Lyons is planning extensive travels elsewhere , however .	Lyons is not planning extensive travels elsewhere , however .	pos_neg	14309
And they are the Republicans of 2004 .	And they are not the Republicans of 2004 .	pos_neg	14310
School officials said the boy is a student at the school .	School officials said the boy is not a student at the school .	pos_neg	14311
I felt I could say no .	I did not feel I could say no .	pos_neg	14312
It just happened .	It just did not happen .	pos_neg	14313
They are weak if they can show progress .	They are not weak if they can show progress .	pos_neg	14314
But the police cared .	But the police did not care .	pos_neg	14315
" This makes sense , " Mr. Rubin said .	" This does not make sense , " Mr. Rubin said .	pos_neg	14316
And he lobbied for a long-term contract .	And he did not lobby for a long-term contract .	pos_neg	14317
It is blatant misrepresentation , and they just seemed to care .	It is blatant misrepresentation , and they just did not seem to care .	pos_neg	14318
It is just actual cases that permeated the public 's consciousness .	It is not just actual cases that permeated the public 's consciousness .	pos_neg	14319
The soldier 's name was released .	The soldier 's name was not released .	pos_neg	14320
This view is entirely correct .	This view is not entirely correct .	pos_neg	14321
Hauser was without theatrical ideas .	Hauser was not without theatrical ideas .	pos_neg	14322
They stopped at mangling his surname .	They did not stop at mangling his surname .	pos_neg	14323
If your car is fairly new , accept junkyard parts .	If your car is fairly new , do not accept junkyard parts .	pos_neg	14324
Chief Crown Prosecutor Judith Walker said the assessment was a surprise .	Chief Crown Prosecutor Judith Walker said the assessment was not a surprise .	pos_neg	14325
It is easy to play Macedonia .	It is not easy to play Macedonia .	pos_neg	14326
However , a full bid is believed to be imminent .	However , a full bid is not believed to be imminent .	pos_neg	14327
Sadly , this was the case .	Sadly , this was not the case .	pos_neg	14328
Ihave three pet shrimps , but it was always that way .	Ihave three pet shrimps , but it was not always that way .	pos_neg	14329
It was clear if she had an attorney .	It was not clear if she had an attorney .	pos_neg	14330
But our enemies ' enemies are necessarily our friends .	But our enemies ' enemies are not necessarily our friends .	pos_neg	14331
Yet , for all that promise , Learners worked .	Yet , for all that promise , Learners did not work .	pos_neg	14332
" " Mr. Tompkins knew about the development of the site .	" " Mr. Tompkins did not know about the development of the site .	pos_neg	14333
I think you can make the same team go every year .	I do not think you can make the same team go every year .	pos_neg	14334
Cheney 's office said he saw the flag .	Cheney 's office said he did not see the flag .	pos_neg	14335
We undertake to update our forward- looking statements .	We do not undertake to update our forward- looking statements .	pos_neg	14336
It appears that I am alone .	It appears that I am not alone .	pos_neg	14337
Before that , pain was a problem ; it was the point .	Before that , pain was not a problem ; it was the point .	pos_neg	14338
Its salsa is fresh and chunky and slides off the chip .	Its salsa is fresh and chunky and does not slide off the chip .	pos_neg	14339
No one else was hurt , and the dog was injured .	No one else was hurt , and the dog was not injured .	pos_neg	14340
I see doctor and meds , but I see talk therapy .	I see doctor and meds , but I do not see talk therapy .	pos_neg	14341
But I am getting ahead of myself .	But I am not getting ahead of myself .	pos_neg	14342
And I was swinging the bat well .	And I was not swinging the bat well .	pos_neg	14343
We know which one .	We do not know which one .	pos_neg	14344
He wanted a public fight with his party , he said .	He did not want a public fight with his party , he said .	pos_neg	14345
Work was always steady , but they managed .	Work was not always steady , but they managed .	pos_neg	14346
It comes off as aggressive or violent or angry .	It does not come off as aggressive or violent or angry .	pos_neg	14347
But it was in great shape .	But it was not in great shape .	pos_neg	14348
" These are pleasant reductions to be making , " Bohanan said .	" These are not pleasant reductions to be making , " Bohanan said .	pos_neg	14349
Troops knew if he was armed , the army said .	Troops did not know if he was armed , the army said .	pos_neg	14350
I dared to dream .	I did not dare to dream .	pos_neg	14351
That line is a big applause-getter at RNC HQ .	That line is not a big applause-getter at RNC HQ .	pos_neg	14352
" " It is about censorship .	" " It is not about censorship .	pos_neg	14353
I am worrying .	I am not worrying .	pos_neg	14354
TANCREDO : No , he has .	TANCREDO : No , he has not .	pos_neg	14355
Airing 10 p.m. And being argumentative means being unpleasant .	Airing 10 p.m. And being argumentative does not mean being unpleasant .	pos_neg	14356
Look - get me wrong .	Look - do not get me wrong .	pos_neg	14357
I had seen three of the five for a few months .	I had not seen three of the five for a few months .	pos_neg	14358
The dictionary is dropping all hyphens .	The dictionary is not dropping all hyphens .	pos_neg	14359
I know how he did it .	I do not know how he did it .	pos_neg	14360
Cooperation is merely helpful , it is essential .	Cooperation is not merely helpful , it is essential .	pos_neg	14361
Classes began in a few schools that had been damaged by flooding .	Classes began in a few schools that had not been damaged by flooding .	pos_neg	14362
They involve this many officers .	They do not involve this many officers .	pos_neg	14363
Congressional candidates are required to live in the district .	Congressional candidates are not required to live in the district .	pos_neg	14364
I know - I only date 17 year olds .	I do not know - I only date 17 year olds .	pos_neg	14365
It had to happen .	It did not have to happen .	pos_neg	14366
Now , nostalgia is just having an effect on the Democratic race .	Now , nostalgia is not just having an effect on the Democratic race .	pos_neg	14367
Some members think the giving is about to stop .	Some members do not think the giving is about to stop .	pos_neg	14368
But it is just policy that has people worried .	But it is not just policy that has people worried .	pos_neg	14369
But this is something that interests Standard Bank .	But this is not something that interests Standard Bank .	pos_neg	14370
" " There are 50 simple ways to save the planet .	" " There are not 50 simple ways to save the planet .	pos_neg	14371
Watching gladiators at the Roman Colosseum was a far-fetched analogy .	Watching gladiators at the Roman Colosseum was not a far-fetched analogy .	pos_neg	14372
Thanksgiving is about children .	Thanksgiving is not about children .	pos_neg	14373
The property recognizes slot revenues as these promotional credits are played .	The property does not recognize slot revenues as these promotional credits are played .	pos_neg	14374
U.S. officials have said the water bottle incident was fatal .	U.S. officials have said the water bottle incident was not fatal .	pos_neg	14375
But he also said that the heart of the reform was negotiable .	But he also said that the heart of the reform was not negotiable .	pos_neg	14376
A message left at the public defender 's office was immediately returned .	A message left at the public defender 's office was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	14377
The KRG says it is finished signing contracts to explore its region .	The KRG says it is not finished signing contracts to explore its region .	pos_neg	14378
In Africa it is a choice between clean water and broadband .	In Africa it is not a choice between clean water and broadband .	pos_neg	14379
But Davis is assured of receiving the Republican nomination .	But Davis is not assured of receiving the Republican nomination .	pos_neg	14380
He bothered to lock it .	He did not bother to lock it .	pos_neg	14381
They stop for her .	They do not stop for her .	pos_neg	14382
It went well , judging from the stock market reaction .	It did not go well , judging from the stock market reaction .	pos_neg	14383
" I bring baggage to a team , " he said .	" I do not bring baggage to a team , " he said .	pos_neg	14384
People want to move from unilateral to regional .	People do not want to move from unilateral to regional .	pos_neg	14385
They were trying to be awful .	They were not trying to be awful .	pos_neg	14386
But studies have always borne out the initial promise .	But studies have not always borne out the initial promise .	pos_neg	14387
The city has topped 300 since 1999 .	The city has not topped 300 since 1999 .	pos_neg	14388
Laura and I live here .	Laura and I do not live here .	pos_neg	14389
And that is making a decision .	And that is not making a decision .	pos_neg	14390
She understands .	She does not understand .	pos_neg	14391
She believes in a supreme being , however .	She does not believe in a supreme being , however .	pos_neg	14392
That is right , folks - you are imagining it .	That is right , folks - you are not imagining it .	pos_neg	14393
Knopow lives on a flood plain .	Knopow does not live on a flood plain .	pos_neg	14394
Seideman knew the extent of their injuries .	Seideman did not know the extent of their injuries .	pos_neg	14395
Nowadays , the Kurdish language is allowed to be taught in schools .	Nowadays , the Kurdish language is not allowed to be taught in schools .	pos_neg	14396
People who have college degrees are gaining ground economically .	People who have college degrees are not gaining ground economically .	pos_neg	14397
Of course , outside of the lab , people are inhaling oxytocin .	Of course , outside of the lab , people are not inhaling oxytocin .	pos_neg	14398
It was Peter after all .	It was not Peter after all .	pos_neg	14399
" " Healing touch is intended to replace standard treatment .	" " Healing touch is not intended to replace standard treatment .	pos_neg	14400
His injuries are believed to be life-threatening .	His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening .	pos_neg	14401
People are surprised when I say that , but it happens .	People are surprised when I say that , but it does not happen .	pos_neg	14402
Bernard was convinced .	Bernard was not convinced .	pos_neg	14403
He is going in there fumbling .	He is not going in there fumbling .	pos_neg	14404
Sir Menzies was present when the announcement was made .	Sir Menzies was not present when the announcement was made .	pos_neg	14405
But long-term success was guaranteed .	But long-term success was not guaranteed .	pos_neg	14406
LTE officials returned repeated calls for comment .	LTE officials did not return repeated calls for comment .	pos_neg	14407
I have enough information .	I do not have enough information .	pos_neg	14408
Pacers F Ike Diogu played with a torn left calf muscle .	Pacers F Ike Diogu did not play with a torn left calf muscle .	pos_neg	14409
However , Ma is entirely flattered by the comparison .	However , Ma is not entirely flattered by the comparison .	pos_neg	14410
Obey said that the provision was an earmark under the rules .	Obey said that the provision was not an earmark under the rules .	pos_neg	14411
Hiding is something she learnt from dad .	Hiding is not something she learnt from dad .	pos_neg	14412
They just know who is the person to carry that .	They just do not know who is the person to carry that .	pos_neg	14413
We believe in nuclear weapons .	We do not believe in nuclear weapons .	pos_neg	14414
... It was like they do it in practice .	... It was not like they do it in practice .	pos_neg	14415
We were interested in some kind of PR ploy .	We were not interested in some kind of PR ploy .	pos_neg	14416
AIPAC led us into this disastrous war in Iraq .	AIPAC did not lead us into this disastrous war in Iraq .	pos_neg	14417
Children are the only ones suffering from mental stress in Iraq .	Children are not the only ones suffering from mental stress in Iraq .	pos_neg	14418
" They signed up for that , " she said .	" They did not sign up for that , " she said .	pos_neg	14419
It was known if Kim would also attend .	It was not known if Kim would also attend .	pos_neg	14420
The power of celebrity - it is all bad .	The power of celebrity - it is not all bad .	pos_neg	14421
How ever I feel about a person , that matters .	How ever I feel about a person , that does not matter .	pos_neg	14422
The death is being treated as suspicious .	The death is not being treated as suspicious .	pos_neg	14423
Twenty to 25 of the district 's school buildings have guards .	Twenty to 25 of the district 's school buildings do not have guards .	pos_neg	14424
Uefa Cup Coupon-clipping just is enough .	Uefa Cup Coupon-clipping just is not enough .	pos_neg	14425
Officials at the Russian Embassy in London were immediately available for comment .	Officials at the Russian Embassy in London were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	14426
The key is to go down .	The key is not to go down .	pos_neg	14427
They need fussing over .	They do not need fussing over .	pos_neg	14428
The youngsters certainly were overwhelmed by the circumstances .	The youngsters certainly were not overwhelmed by the circumstances .	pos_neg	14429
I like all this publicity .	I do not like all this publicity .	pos_neg	14430
' " This plan is inadequate and ends the war .	' " This plan is inadequate and does not end the war .	pos_neg	14431
This is a drop in the ocean - it is a dropette .	This is not a drop in the ocean - it is a dropette .	pos_neg	14432
He was prepared for one of the challenges they would face .	He was not prepared for one of the challenges they would face .	pos_neg	14433
Plainly , Iran 's leadership is at one .	Plainly , Iran 's leadership is not at one .	pos_neg	14434
Ozzy , however , shares his wife 's enthusiasm .	Ozzy , however , does not share his wife 's enthusiasm .	pos_neg	14435
He said the fire had spread to lower floors .	He said the fire had not spread to lower floors .	pos_neg	14436
They had to worry about free agency .	They did not have to worry about free agency .	pos_neg	14437
NHS fails prisoners , report says He is a cropduster .	NHS fails prisoners , report says He is not a cropduster .	pos_neg	14438
Terrorism is suspected .	Terrorism is not suspected .	pos_neg	14439
Putting your work on a DVD , however , is so easy .	Putting your work on a DVD , however , is not so easy .	pos_neg	14440
The federal government issues a monthly report card .	The federal government does not issue a monthly report card .	pos_neg	14441
Smith , a retired electrical engineer , said carving underwater is easy .	Smith , a retired electrical engineer , said carving underwater is not easy .	pos_neg	14442
He knew the half of it .	He did not know the half of it .	pos_neg	14443
She is dying and she is fighting that fact .	She is dying and she is not fighting that fact .	pos_neg	14444
Saudi Arabia and the Vatican have diplomatic relations .	Saudi Arabia and the Vatican do not have diplomatic relations .	pos_neg	14445
I know what he is referring to .	I do not know what he is referring to .	pos_neg	14446
I knew that .	I did not know that .	pos_neg	14447
Beans are -- they are so cheap it is almost ridiculous .	Beans are not -- they are so cheap it is almost ridiculous .	pos_neg	14448
He argued his coach 's about-face .	He did not argue his coach 's about-face .	pos_neg	14449
That is easy to do .	That is not easy to do .	pos_neg	14450
But the prayers were just for Britney and Lindsay .	But the prayers were not just for Britney and Lindsay .	pos_neg	14451
They said it was due to dosing problems but explained .	They said it was due to dosing problems but did not explain .	pos_neg	14452
" There is a lot left here now , " she added .	" There is not a lot left here now , " she added .	pos_neg	14453
The thermal baths around Viterbo were always so inviting .	The thermal baths around Viterbo were not always so inviting .	pos_neg	14454
Monfort returned phone calls .	Monfort did not return phone calls .	pos_neg	14455
FA chief realistic about Capello But many in Turkey agree .	FA chief realistic about Capello But many in Turkey do not agree .	pos_neg	14456
The mortgage crisis affected our market in the last two weeks .	The mortgage crisis did not affect our market in the last two weeks .	pos_neg	14457
Surprisingly , the Consumer Product Safety Commission recommends them .	Surprisingly , the Consumer Product Safety Commission does not recommend them .	pos_neg	14458
I am disappointed that they have faced the resource question head-on .	I am disappointed that they have not faced the resource question head-on .	pos_neg	14459
But that is the way it worked out .	But that is not the way it worked out .	pos_neg	14460
, northwest of Olympia , but arrived as scheduled .	, northwest of Olympia , but did not arrive as scheduled .	pos_neg	14461
Surely this is the sort of motivational incentives that shareholders want .	Surely this is not the sort of motivational incentives that shareholders want .	pos_neg	14462
A phone message left for the group was returned early Wednesday .	A phone message left for the group was not returned early Wednesday .	pos_neg	14463
She was sure , so went to ask the cook .	She was not sure , so went to ask the cook .	pos_neg	14464
So growing up there , it was too bad .	So growing up there , it was not too bad .	pos_neg	14465
" Time heals wounds , " Derbyshire said .	" Time does not heal wounds , " Derbyshire said .	pos_neg	14466
11 , there has been a terror attack on the U.S. homeland .	11 , there has not been a terror attack on the U.S. homeland .	pos_neg	14467
Of course , investing pension fund money in real estate is new .	Of course , investing pension fund money in real estate is not new .	pos_neg	14468
I do casual !	I do not do casual !	pos_neg	14469
He was the intense guy I expected .	He was not the intense guy I expected .	pos_neg	14470
But she got it .	But she did not get it .	pos_neg	14471
If it detracts from your main mission , wear it !	If it detracts from your main mission , do not wear it !	pos_neg	14472
Quite literally Dexter feeds or dwell in shades of gray .	Quite literally Dexter does not feed or dwell in shades of gray .	pos_neg	14473
A : I know if I have a favourite .	A : I do not know if I have a favourite .	pos_neg	14474
I know where they came from .	I do not know where they came from .	pos_neg	14475
Quite likely , but that is necessarily a bad thing .	Quite likely , but that is not necessarily a bad thing .	pos_neg	14476
Axa was available to comment and CNP declined to .	Axa was not available to comment and CNP declined to .	pos_neg	14477
He does homework or complete assignments .	He does not do homework or complete assignments .	pos_neg	14478
I am going to be announcing my retirement .	I am not going to be announcing my retirement .	pos_neg	14479
" They wanted first-time visitors , " Ms. Corrigan said .	" They did not want first-time visitors , " Ms. Corrigan said .	pos_neg	14480
Its residents , though , are uninterested in politics .	Its residents , though , are not uninterested in politics .	pos_neg	14481
I believe it is possible to expand LVHS .	I do not believe it is possible to expand LVHS .	pos_neg	14482
Another defendant has an execution date .	Another defendant does not have an execution date .	pos_neg	14483
But he was too bothered by it , Barbree says .	But he was not too bothered by it , Barbree says .	pos_neg	14484
If he quits , we will kill him .	If he does not quit , we will kill him .	pos_neg	14485
He is one to bore his son with sports stories .	He is not one to bore his son with sports stories .	pos_neg	14486
Thursday 's collapse was the first .	Thursday 's collapse was not the first .	pos_neg	14487
That is enough to support her and her 12-year-old daughter .	That is not enough to support her and her 12-year-old daughter .	pos_neg	14488
But the park had the money .	But the park did not have the money .	pos_neg	14489
The panels , as built , conformed to that design .	The panels , as built , did not conform to that design .	pos_neg	14490
I know how long I am going to be here .	I do not know how long I am going to be here .	pos_neg	14491
8 Never go out with a man who makes you laugh .	8 Never go out with a man who does not make you laugh .	pos_neg	14492
A halfway resolution of this scandal is enough .	A halfway resolution of this scandal is not enough .	pos_neg	14493
CNN : People just talk about it , perhaps .	CNN : People just do not talk about it , perhaps .	pos_neg	14494
This is faint praise .	This is not faint praise .	pos_neg	14495
But Mr. Cusack is one to relinquish the spotlight without a fight .	But Mr. Cusack is not one to relinquish the spotlight without a fight .	pos_neg	14496
It is her fault .	It is not her fault .	pos_neg	14497
The council stressed that the new school was replacing the current one .	The council stressed that the new school was not replacing the current one .	pos_neg	14498
They have that kind of quarterback ; they have an enigma .	They do not have that kind of quarterback ; they have an enigma .	pos_neg	14499
And I decided to come here because of various well-known alumnae .	And I did not decide to come here because of various well-known alumnae .	pos_neg	14500
Personally , I got it done .	Personally , I did not get it done .	pos_neg	14501
Manning was done adding to the game 's suspense .	Manning was not done adding to the game 's suspense .	pos_neg	14502
That went anywhere .	That did not go anywhere .	pos_neg	14503
But before leaving New York , I knew how to start .	But before leaving New York , I did not know how to start .	pos_neg	14504
I think people have changed in 11 years .	I do not think people have changed in 11 years .	pos_neg	14505
I just know how far back it goes .	I just do not know how far back it goes .	pos_neg	14506
I questioned this ; I strapped on my fin .	I did not question this ; I strapped on my fin .	pos_neg	14507
Her supporters say the government did enough to protect her .	Her supporters say the government did not do enough to protect her .	pos_neg	14508
He thinks the indictment has driven down prices .	He does not think the indictment has driven down prices .	pos_neg	14509
We got off the field .	We did not get off the field .	pos_neg	14510
It is a good thing to have cellphones there .	It is not a good thing to have cellphones there .	pos_neg	14511
But , actually , it ruined the evening .	But , actually , it did not ruin the evening .	pos_neg	14512
Yet you have shaped your body .	Yet you have not shaped your body .	pos_neg	14513
Non-physicians can participate in assisted suicide but euthanasia is legal .	Non-physicians can participate in assisted suicide but euthanasia is not legal .	pos_neg	14514
A : I think of writing as a career .	A : I do not think of writing as a career .	pos_neg	14515
Mr. Kaden returned calls for comment .	Mr. Kaden did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	14516
Ceramic tile is a short-term decorating product .	Ceramic tile is not a short-term decorating product .	pos_neg	14517
They have had a winning record on this trip since 1997 .	They have not had a winning record on this trip since 1997 .	pos_neg	14518
Borowik : We look on it as nowhere to be found .	Borowik : We do not look on it as nowhere to be found .	pos_neg	14519
If they were on , the Chinese had a chance .	If they were on , the Chinese did not have a chance .	pos_neg	14520
Varghese was the only Christian to befriend Flew .	Varghese was not the only Christian to befriend Flew .	pos_neg	14521
He was expected back by 3 p.m. but showed up .	He was expected back by 3 p.m. but did not show up .	pos_neg	14522
It was obvious : he felt like speaking .	It was obvious : he did not feel like speaking .	pos_neg	14523
Which is to say the Shaw area is immune to bike theft .	Which is not to say the Shaw area is immune to bike theft .	pos_neg	14524
That is pocket change for most .	That is not pocket change for most .	pos_neg	14525
Critics accept that IQ measurements are culture-neutral .	Critics do not accept that IQ measurements are culture-neutral .	pos_neg	14526
The populations of Montana and Wyoming are very old .	The populations of Montana and Wyoming are not very old .	pos_neg	14527
Thoughts related to God linked to altruism This film is rated .	Thoughts related to God linked to altruism This film is not rated .	pos_neg	14528
I Do It For The Attention , Just For The Challenge .	I Do Not Do It For The Attention , Just For The Challenge .	pos_neg	14529
The released documents include alleged confessions by the defendants .	The released documents do not include alleged confessions by the defendants .	pos_neg	14530
His selection was by chance , company representatives said .	His selection was not by chance , company representatives said .	pos_neg	14531
The only thing he won was president , really .	The only thing he did not win was president , really .	pos_neg	14532
It was pure financials , although Nintendo was competitive in that respect .	It was not pure financials , although Nintendo was competitive in that respect .	pos_neg	14533
Ken Burns it is .	Ken Burns it is not .	pos_neg	14534
Meciar said how the HZDS will behave in parliamentary votes .	Meciar did not say how the HZDS will behave in parliamentary votes .	pos_neg	14535
I just think I mattered enough for them to bother .	I just think I did not matter enough for them to bother .	pos_neg	14536
But things went smoothly .	But things did not go smoothly .	pos_neg	14537
They are helpless .	They are not helpless .	pos_neg	14538
But the stress stops there .	But the stress does not stop there .	pos_neg	14539
It is been so long that I remember .	It is been so long that I do not remember .	pos_neg	14540
Half way up the electoral mountain is a good place to be .	Half way up the electoral mountain is not a good place to be .	pos_neg	14541
Equally important , confuse median sales price with average sales price .	Equally important , do not confuse median sales price with average sales price .	pos_neg	14542
You need me for this .	You do not need me for this .	pos_neg	14543
1 , were disclosed .	1 , were not disclosed .	pos_neg	14544
A Blackwater spokeswoman returned phone and e-mail messages seeking comment .	A Blackwater spokeswoman did not return phone and e-mail messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	14545
His remarkable transformation happened overnight .	His remarkable transformation did not happen overnight .	pos_neg	14546
The fat mice had it .	The fat mice did not have it .	pos_neg	14547
Dale Earnhardt Jr. has won a NASCAR race in 16 months .	Dale Earnhardt Jr. has not won a NASCAR race in 16 months .	pos_neg	14548
Oil growth stokes Angola 's boom They care about human life .	Oil growth stokes Angola 's boom They do not care about human life .	pos_neg	14549
This is our strategy .	This is not our strategy .	pos_neg	14550
Warner saw snow threatening the Cleveland area or Boston .	Warner did not see snow threatening the Cleveland area or Boston .	pos_neg	14551
I cut checks .	I do not cut checks .	pos_neg	14552
It was equipped with a heater .	It was not equipped with a heater .	pos_neg	14553
It had to be this way .	It did not have to be this way .	pos_neg	14554
The Pentagon named the men who were released .	The Pentagon did not name the men who were released .	pos_neg	14555
He consulted the ATP 's betting regulations .	He did not consult the ATP 's betting regulations .	pos_neg	14556
What I regret is the feeling I was always understood .	What I regret is the feeling I was not always understood .	pos_neg	14557
It is the end of the world .	It is not the end of the world .	pos_neg	14558
He said I was good enough for her .	He said I was not good enough for her .	pos_neg	14559
Chew gum .	Do not chew gum .	pos_neg	14560
Unlike fire doors , however , such devices are legally required .	Unlike fire doors , however , such devices are not legally required .	pos_neg	14561
And , frankly , the Republican Party has stood for that .	And , frankly , the Republican Party has not stood for that .	pos_neg	14562
It is anti-investment , but it is anti-retirement-as-life-goal .	It is not anti-investment , but it is anti-retirement-as-life-goal .	pos_neg	14563
It is a sign of the times .	It is not a sign of the times .	pos_neg	14564
But we had a problem knowing who was in charge .	But we did not have a problem knowing who was in charge .	pos_neg	14565
The news is all bad though .	The news is not all bad though .	pos_neg	14566
Grover says he was surprised to hear what 's on the tapes .	Grover says he was not surprised to hear what 's on the tapes .	pos_neg	14567
Most probably it is .	Most probably it is not .	pos_neg	14568
He considers his brother a " terrorist , " he said .	He does not consider his brother a " terrorist , " he said .	pos_neg	14569
WETA returned a phone call yesterday seeking comment .	WETA did not return a phone call yesterday seeking comment .	pos_neg	14570
Financial terms of the arrangement were disclosed .	Financial terms of the arrangement were not disclosed .	pos_neg	14571
It certainly was tiredness and we saw that in the second half .	It certainly was not tiredness and we saw that in the second half .	pos_neg	14572
The trouble was , I remembered .	The trouble was , I did not remember .	pos_neg	14573
I did my bit , but it was enough .	I did my bit , but it was not enough .	pos_neg	14574
Residential supplies were expected to be affected .	Residential supplies were not expected to be affected .	pos_neg	14575
But at the same time , it is about me .	But at the same time , it is not about me .	pos_neg	14576
It is the meat itself that is doing it .	It is not the meat itself that is doing it .	pos_neg	14577
During the years 1939 - 1943 the prize was awarded .	During the years 1939 - 1943 the prize was not awarded .	pos_neg	14578
It surprises me that monkeys behave in this way .	It does not surprise me that monkeys behave in this way .	pos_neg	14579
This trick had worked before , but it helped today .	This trick had worked before , but it did not help today .	pos_neg	14580
What he gained along the way is altogether clear .	What he gained along the way is not altogether clear .	pos_neg	14581
Relations between China and the Lama have always been so poor .	Relations between China and the Lama have not always been so poor .	pos_neg	14582
it grows on trees , you know .	it does not grow on trees , you know .	pos_neg	14583
Howard stepped on first before he realized he had the ball .	Howard stepped on first before he realized he did not have the ball .	pos_neg	14584
It was well received .	It was not well received .	pos_neg	14585
The conditions of all those injured were immediately known .	The conditions of all those injured were not immediately known .	pos_neg	14586
She also wanted to stop running while she was pregnant .	She also did not want to stop running while she was pregnant .	pos_neg	14587
Lynching was part of that history .	Lynching was not part of that history .	pos_neg	14588
" We have an alternative , " he said .	" We do not have an alternative , " he said .	pos_neg	14589
Under Portuguese law police are allowed to reveal details of current investigations .	Under Portuguese law police are not allowed to reveal details of current investigations .	pos_neg	14590
The 1990s , remember , were exactly a decade of peace .	The 1990s , remember , were not exactly a decade of peace .	pos_neg	14591
To be honest , it matters who is scoring the goals .	To be honest , it does not matter who is scoring the goals .	pos_neg	14592
Sarandon , the activist actress , was intimidated , though .	Sarandon , the activist actress , was not intimidated , though .	pos_neg	14593
However , they scared him and his business partner James Meldrum .	However , they did not scare him and his business partner James Meldrum .	pos_neg	14594
These individuals were committed to the ways of the past .	These individuals were not committed to the ways of the past .	pos_neg	14595
I think his problem is enough testing , or driving .	I think his problem is not enough testing , or driving .	pos_neg	14596
I only hope I get fat .	I only hope I do not get fat .	pos_neg	14597
The deal includes the Boston Options Exchange .	The deal does not include the Boston Options Exchange .	pos_neg	14598
This pleased him .	This did not please him .	pos_neg	14599
He believed that .	He did not believe that .	pos_neg	14600
That sympathy is there this time , he said .	That sympathy is not there this time , he said .	pos_neg	14601
We felt we were going to lose .	We did not feel we were going to lose .	pos_neg	14602
We were that young .	We were not that young .	pos_neg	14603
I just realized all that goes into pricing a caterer .	I just did not realize all that goes into pricing a caterer .	pos_neg	14604
I am looking to build a big company .	I am not looking to build a big company .	pos_neg	14605
It is through want of trying though .	It is not through want of trying though .	pos_neg	14606
ARTIST Jackson Pollock famously signed his abstract expressionist paintings .	ARTIST Jackson Pollock famously did not sign his abstract expressionist paintings .	pos_neg	14607
It occurred to me .	It did not occur to me .	pos_neg	14608
I wanted to get a GED .	I did not want to get a GED .	pos_neg	14609
And I am just talking about the Yankees here .	And I am not just talking about the Yankees here .	pos_neg	14610
But Birkhead said no tape could exist because the encounter occurred .	But Birkhead said no tape could exist because the encounter did not occur .	pos_neg	14611
That is only my opinion .	That is not only my opinion .	pos_neg	14612
Representatives from St. Jude were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from St. Jude were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	14613
" We expected this , " he said .	" We did not expect this , " he said .	pos_neg	14614
Take it from me , this is the way to live .	Take it from me , this is not the way to live .	pos_neg	14615
What they did or taught us .	What they did or did not teach us .	pos_neg	14616
I know how to describe it .	I do not know how to describe it .	pos_neg	14617
Anacostia is considered a persistently dangerous school .	Anacostia is not considered a persistently dangerous school .	pos_neg	14618
Apple was immediately available for comment .	Apple was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	14619
26 and has been seen publicly since .	26 and has not been seen publicly since .	pos_neg	14620
It sounds like you did the pull-yourself-up-by-the-bootstraps thing .	It sounds like you did not do the pull-yourself-up-by-the-bootstraps thing .	pos_neg	14621
Because they care about the United Nations .	Because they do not care about the United Nations .	pos_neg	14622
But that was about to happen .	But that was not about to happen .	pos_neg	14623
And that is right .	And that is not right .	pos_neg	14624
" I really have decided , " he said .	" I really have not decided , " he said .	pos_neg	14625
They get contaminated and they create very strong adhesion .	They do not get contaminated and they create very strong adhesion .	pos_neg	14626
The trial satisfied the victims ' families .	The trial did not satisfy the victims ' families .	pos_neg	14627
Others say it is such a bad life .	Others say it is not such a bad life .	pos_neg	14628
Women outgrow the habit .	Women do not outgrow the habit .	pos_neg	14629
The charges had been changed as of yesterday .	The charges had not been changed as of yesterday .	pos_neg	14630
Rosoff and his associates are the only ones playing the game .	Rosoff and his associates are not the only ones playing the game .	pos_neg	14631
But this is about the Bills .	But this is not about the Bills .	pos_neg	14632
But I think that the fighting will stop soon .	But I do not think that the fighting will stop soon .	pos_neg	14633
The values of the contracts were disclosed .	The values of the contracts were not disclosed .	pos_neg	14634
It was clear if the workers were hurt .	It was not clear if the workers were hurt .	pos_neg	14635
The label listed its origin .	The label did not list its origin .	pos_neg	14636
But it erased what was accomplished this season .	But it did not erase what was accomplished this season .	pos_neg	14637
It is fair if they aren 't .	It is not fair if they aren 't .	pos_neg	14638
So I am 5 foot 10 .	So I am not 5 foot 10 .	pos_neg	14639
What took place in Jena is aberrant ; it is consistent .	What took place in Jena is not aberrant ; it is consistent .	pos_neg	14640
I talk about what the Fed is doing .	I do not talk about what the Fed is doing .	pos_neg	14641
A. Rest assured that you are alone .	A. Rest assured that you are not alone .	pos_neg	14642
Messages left with attorneys for Spears and Federline were immediately returned .	Messages left with attorneys for Spears and Federline were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	14643
I was perfect the day we faced our prospective landlord .	I was not perfect the day we faced our prospective landlord .	pos_neg	14644
Men , who are shown , can be heard talking .	Men , who are not shown , can be heard talking .	pos_neg	14645
So they did that .	So they did not do that .	pos_neg	14646
After recovering from a coma , the drama is over for Randy .	After recovering from a coma , the drama is not over for Randy .	pos_neg	14647
" It is my surface , " he said .	" It is not my surface , " he said .	pos_neg	14648
And it is just women having second thoughts .	And it is not just women having second thoughts .	pos_neg	14649
Of course , Valve is ignorant of the bottom line .	Of course , Valve is not ignorant of the bottom line .	pos_neg	14650
It is known whether they survived the initial collapse .	It is not known whether they survived the initial collapse .	pos_neg	14651
At the very least it is patriotic .	At the very least it is not patriotic .	pos_neg	14652
Sunday 's Emmys-in-the-round managed to accomplish lowest-ever status for overall audience .	Sunday 's Emmys-in-the-round did not manage to accomplish lowest-ever status for overall audience .	pos_neg	14653
I have to work in the United States .	I do not have to work in the United States .	pos_neg	14654
One man played politics with the truth .	One man did not play politics with the truth .	pos_neg	14655
But that was the point .	But that was not the point .	pos_neg	14656
Deodorant helps .	Deodorant does not help .	pos_neg	14657
" Law : " I have favorites .	" Law : " I do not have favorites .	pos_neg	14658
It is just Springsteen .	It is not just Springsteen .	pos_neg	14659
The style 's incredible volume was its most egregious offense .	The style 's incredible volume was not its most egregious offense .	pos_neg	14660
I , however , am age 3 .	I , however , am not age 3 .	pos_neg	14661
NOTE : Unsulfured prunes soften enough after simmering .	NOTE : Unsulfured prunes do not soften enough after simmering .	pos_neg	14662
This last week in Italy has set a happy precedent .	This last week in Italy has not set a happy precedent .	pos_neg	14663
But police had enough evidence to actually charge him .	But police did not have enough evidence to actually charge him .	pos_neg	14664
We are angry enough .	We are not angry enough .	pos_neg	14665
We have joined KARA to ensure this happens at the Armory .	We have joined KARA to ensure this does not happen at the Armory .	pos_neg	14666
" " We like to speculate .	" " We do not like to speculate .	pos_neg	14667
The course is for credit .	The course is not for credit .	pos_neg	14668
It is my style .	It is not my style .	pos_neg	14669
But copyrights are Comcast 's concern in this case - bandwidth is .	But copyrights are not Comcast 's concern in this case - bandwidth is .	pos_neg	14670
Cates said he had thought about the election connection in selecting Stewart .	Cates said he had not thought about the election connection in selecting Stewart .	pos_neg	14671
Steelers-Bengals Stats It is just the child 's problem .	Steelers-Bengals Stats It is not just the child 's problem .	pos_neg	14672
I had seen a car accelerate as fast as that .	I had not seen a car accelerate as fast as that .	pos_neg	14673
I am making predictions .	I am not making predictions .	pos_neg	14674
People who are different , who fit a preconceived norm .	People who are different , who do not fit a preconceived norm .	pos_neg	14675
" I am a mortgage guy , " he said .	" I am not a mortgage guy , " he said .	pos_neg	14676
And an executive at Disney said that it was interested .	And an executive at Disney said that it was not interested .	pos_neg	14677
I wanted to go into business .	I did not want to go into business .	pos_neg	14678
Hiddink , though , is infallible .	Hiddink , though , is not infallible .	pos_neg	14679
id = 1780402007 Trigeiro hopes Maryland legalizes slots .	id = 1780402007 Trigeiro hopes Maryland does not legalize slots .	pos_neg	14680
Going to Baghdad scares me .	Going to Baghdad does not scare me .	pos_neg	14681
The Governor contested the tickets , and paid the fines .	The Governor did not contest the tickets , and paid the fines .	pos_neg	14682
I realized that it was systemic .	I did not realize that it was systemic .	pos_neg	14683
It is stunning that she wept .	It is not stunning that she wept .	pos_neg	14684
Of course , this has stopped Mr. Romney from making similar smears .	Of course , this has not stopped Mr. Romney from making similar smears .	pos_neg	14685
But the policy stops after the trip down the aisle .	But the policy does not stop after the trip down the aisle .	pos_neg	14686
Medication helped .	Medication did not help .	pos_neg	14687
He eats well and his hands shake .	He does not eat well and his hands shake .	pos_neg	14688
Evans ' publicist returned calls .	Evans ' publicist did not return calls .	pos_neg	14689
Lindsey responded to telephone calls .	Lindsey did not respond to telephone calls .	pos_neg	14690
" He was an intense guy , " his father said .	" He was not an intense guy , " his father said .	pos_neg	14691
To be sure , it was a perfect debate for Clinton .	To be sure , it was not a perfect debate for Clinton .	pos_neg	14692
I think I could move in on her stuff .	I do not think I could move in on her stuff .	pos_neg	14693
It is all about war zones , though .	It is not all about war zones , though .	pos_neg	14694
Officials from the Singapore-based rival World Toilet Organisation were available for comment .	Officials from the Singapore-based rival World Toilet Organisation were not available for comment .	pos_neg	14695
I blame him .	I do not blame him .	pos_neg	14696
They divulged the cause .	They did not divulge the cause .	pos_neg	14697
A strutting bass line and swooping disco strings hide the bitterness .	A strutting bass line and swooping disco strings do not hide the bitterness .	pos_neg	14698
But Miss Skattergoods answered .	But Miss Skattergoods did not answer .	pos_neg	14699
I am entirely sure why I never married .	I am not entirely sure why I never married .	pos_neg	14700
There was a building in sight .	There was not a building in sight .	pos_neg	14701
Opec 's strategy is working and needs to be reexamined .	Opec 's strategy is not working and needs to be reexamined .	pos_neg	14702
He was limited to the typical Fed chairman 's Rolodex .	He was not limited to the typical Fed chairman 's Rolodex .	pos_neg	14703
The numbers , the stats , he cares .	The numbers , the stats , he does not care .	pos_neg	14704
The problem is a matter of resources .	The problem is not a matter of resources .	pos_neg	14705
I am the only one grasping for answers in this crazy season .	I am not the only one grasping for answers in this crazy season .	pos_neg	14706
The specific date of the visit has been announced .	The specific date of the visit has not been announced .	pos_neg	14707
If wild garlic is available , try using spinach or celery leaves .	If wild garlic is not available , try using spinach or celery leaves .	pos_neg	14708
Historical information is necessarily indicative of future performance .	Historical information is not necessarily indicative of future performance .	pos_neg	14709
CBS spokesman Dana McClintock returned an after-hours call seeking comment Thursday .	CBS spokesman Dana McClintock did not return an after-hours call seeking comment Thursday .	pos_neg	14710
Your correspondent is one of them .	Your correspondent is not one of them .	pos_neg	14711
That is a drastic change from prior years .	That is not a drastic change from prior years .	pos_neg	14712
Three of Vick 's lawyers returned telephone and e-mail messages .	Three of Vick 's lawyers did not return telephone and e-mail messages .	pos_neg	14713
" " It is a switch in position .	" " It is not a switch in position .	pos_neg	14714
She killed herself .	She did not kill herself .	pos_neg	14715
He responded to a phone message last evening .	He did not respond to a phone message last evening .	pos_neg	14716
Even though it rained here Sunday , players minded a bit .	Even though it rained here Sunday , players did not mind a bit .	pos_neg	14717
As to the beating that matters .	As to the beating that does not matter .	pos_neg	14718
I had expected to feel nearly so excited .	I had not expected to feel nearly so excited .	pos_neg	14719
The 1956 show has just been rethought , but also reanimated .	The 1956 show has not just been rethought , but also reanimated .	pos_neg	14720
As for me , well , my quest was as fruitful .	As for me , well , my quest was not as fruitful .	pos_neg	14721
Unfortunately , they have managed to pass many important bills .	Unfortunately , they have not managed to pass many important bills .	pos_neg	14722
This is a criticism .	This is not a criticism .	pos_neg	14723
They specified what foods might include the additives .	They did not specify what foods might include the additives .	pos_neg	14724
" " I am stressed out over a few shots .	" " I am not stressed out over a few shots .	pos_neg	14725
He has a cellphone , has never sent an e-mail message .	He does not have a cellphone , has never sent an e-mail message .	pos_neg	14726
A lot can change if we win .	A lot can change if we do not win .	pos_neg	14727
Even satellite radio seems immune from the changes .	Even satellite radio does not seem immune from the changes .	pos_neg	14728
" I criticize them , " he says .	" I do not criticize them , " he says .	pos_neg	14729
Agnone returned an e-mail left by The Associated Press .	Agnone did not return an e-mail left by The Associated Press .	pos_neg	14730
Iraq has these things .	Iraq does not have these things .	pos_neg	14731
It was made to go on my body .	It was not made to go on my body .	pos_neg	14732
She says her parents set high standards but were pushy .	She says her parents set high standards but were not pushy .	pos_neg	14733
The U.S. military has a policy to deal with such cases .	The U.S. military does not have a policy to deal with such cases .	pos_neg	14734
The results were consistent across racial or age groups .	The results were not consistent across racial or age groups .	pos_neg	14735
1 callups are supposed to be hitting leadoff for championship teams .	1 callups are not supposed to be hitting leadoff for championship teams .	pos_neg	14736
He is the only D.C. host or hostess to go big box .	He is not the only D.C. host or hostess to go big box .	pos_neg	14737
Drink fits into the groove of where my life is going .	Drink does not fit into the groove of where my life is going .	pos_neg	14738
Those workers are needed , but they are all in Iowa legally .	Those workers are needed , but they are not all in Iowa legally .	pos_neg	14739
" But I have heard back from him , " she said .	" But I have not heard back from him , " she said .	pos_neg	14740
Cassidy says it was pushed out by Pakistan .	Cassidy says it was not pushed out by Pakistan .	pos_neg	14741
That is a problem .	That is not a problem .	pos_neg	14742
She was immediately identified .	She was not immediately identified .	pos_neg	14743
The way both parties have been behaving of late bides well .	The way both parties have been behaving of late does not bode well .	pos_neg	14744
That is normal .	That is not normal .	pos_neg	14745
Burma 's generals are the types to learn a new dance .	Burma 's generals are not the types to learn a new dance .	pos_neg	14746
There was all this ... technology .	There was not all this ... technology .	pos_neg	14747
It was known what the panel wished to view .	It was not known what the panel wished to view .	pos_neg	14748
It was clear if the mold had been located .	It was not clear if the mold had been located .	pos_neg	14749
Virtual-screen software is new .	Virtual-screen software is not new .	pos_neg	14750
Shore Development returned several calls seeking comment .	Shore Development did not return several calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	14751
Disabled actors bring that , they just get on with it .	Disabled actors do not bring that , they just get on with it .	pos_neg	14752
These people have got a union .	These people have not got a union .	pos_neg	14753
" I know , " said a bemused Laporte .	" I do not know , " said a bemused Laporte .	pos_neg	14754
Bush wants to kill SCHIP .	Bush does not want to kill SCHIP .	pos_neg	14755
He knows if he has a house to go home to .	He does not know if he has a house to go home to .	pos_neg	14756
He says that he used performance-enhancing drugs .	He says that he did not use performance-enhancing drugs .	pos_neg	14757
The scene ended there .	The scene did not end there .	pos_neg	14758
Marti responded to a telephone message left at his office .	Marti did not respond to a telephone message left at his office .	pos_neg	14759
That was a good sign .	That was not a good sign .	pos_neg	14760
Let 's pretend they are our enemy here .	Let 's not pretend they are our enemy here .	pos_neg	14761
It is the stuff of which dreams are made .	It is not the stuff of which dreams are made .	pos_neg	14762
They have been heard from since 2003 .	They have not been heard from since 2003 .	pos_neg	14763
This is toast !	This is not toast !	pos_neg	14764
It is for sale .	It is not for sale .	pos_neg	14765
She said he was put in handcuffs .	She said he was not put in handcuffs .	pos_neg	14766
Ms. Friedman was traveling and returned an e-mail request for comment .	Ms. Friedman was traveling and did not return an e-mail request for comment .	pos_neg	14767
Although we both earn good money , our credit is so good .	Although we both earn good money , our credit is not so good .	pos_neg	14768
That was weird , but it was happening all the time .	That was weird , but it was not happening all the time .	pos_neg	14769
I allow them .	I do not allow them .	pos_neg	14770
McKay was available for comment Wednesday .	McKay was not available for comment Wednesday .	pos_neg	14771
While the bill authorizes projects , it funds them .	While the bill authorizes projects , it does not fund them .	pos_neg	14772
But the potential has declined .	But the potential has not declined .	pos_neg	14773
But it lists the specific amount raised .	But it does not list the specific amount raised .	pos_neg	14774
Thompson tries to woo conservatives Lauren is alone in exploiting that myth .	Thompson tries to woo conservatives Lauren is not alone in exploiting that myth .	pos_neg	14775
They speak for the Republican Party .	They do not speak for the Republican Party .	pos_neg	14776
Past performance is a guide to the future .	Past performance is not a guide to the future .	pos_neg	14777
Of late , that is a phrase heard very often .	Of late , that is not a phrase heard very often .	pos_neg	14778
I recant .	I do not recant .	pos_neg	14779
She is like other women who just hide behind their veils .	She is not like other women who just hide behind their veils .	pos_neg	14780
Bet she wishes she had run as well on Town Moor now .	Bet she wishes she had not run as well on Town Moor now .	pos_neg	14781
If patient is breathing normally , call 999 .	If patient is not breathing normally , call 999 .	pos_neg	14782
But think the Waverly was all rock and no hip-hop .	But do not think the Waverly was all rock and no hip-hop .	pos_neg	14783
We envisage them changing their system for tomorrow 's game .	We do not envisage them changing their system for tomorrow 's game .	pos_neg	14784
It is only the size of the Shaybah expansion that matters .	It is not only the size of the Shaybah expansion that matters .	pos_neg	14785
The source said the attack was sexual in nature .	The source said the attack was not sexual in nature .	pos_neg	14786
They are necessarily headline-making events .	They are not necessarily headline-making events .	pos_neg	14787
SOURCE National Restaurant Association It is about being your friend .	SOURCE National Restaurant Association It is not about being your friend .	pos_neg	14788
Herceptin costs so much partly because the market for it is huge .	Herceptin costs so much partly because the market for it is not huge .	pos_neg	14789
And it was here earlier .	And it was not here earlier .	pos_neg	14790
Mr Putin 's criticism was for Washington alone .	Mr Putin 's criticism was not for Washington alone .	pos_neg	14791
And it took long for that adjustment to have its repercussions .	And it did not take long for that adjustment to have its repercussions .	pos_neg	14792
Morhaim said the governor 's office had reached out to him .	Morhaim said the governor 's office had not reached out to him .	pos_neg	14793
We have zones where we talk about politics .	We have zones where we do not talk about politics .	pos_neg	14794
I have heard of soldiers mutinying , but it could happen .	I have not heard of soldiers mutinying , but it could happen .	pos_neg	14795
Well , at least he is outsourcing himself .	Well , at least he is not outsourcing himself .	pos_neg	14796
This appears to be a rogue rocket that fired properly .	This appears to be a rogue rocket that did not fire properly .	pos_neg	14797
They said they had seen the prisoners for many months .	They said they had not seen the prisoners for many months .	pos_neg	14798
A call last evening to the Burmese Chancery here was returned .	A call last evening to the Burmese Chancery here was not returned .	pos_neg	14799
Mr. Bush flinched .	Mr. Bush did not flinch .	pos_neg	14800
But he said the speed was the reason for his loss .	But he said the speed was not the reason for his loss .	pos_neg	14801
PRESIDENT GEORGE BUSH : Well , he has crossed the line .	PRESIDENT GEORGE BUSH : Well , he has not crossed the line .	pos_neg	14802
Well I am running for president to conform to this conventional thinking .	Well I am not running for president to conform to this conventional thinking .	pos_neg	14803
It is something you catch .	It is not something you catch .	pos_neg	14804
But it was enough thanks to the knockdowns .	But it was not enough thanks to the knockdowns .	pos_neg	14805
I also know that there are many mosques in which it is .	I also know that there are many mosques in which it is not .	pos_neg	14806
'We are proud of the fact that we are low-income .	'We are not proud of the fact that we are low-income .	pos_neg	14807
The answer is to shun sovereign wealth funds .	The answer is not to shun sovereign wealth funds .	pos_neg	14808
Though Cheney was originally a Reaganite , his conservative credentials were impeccable .	Though Cheney was not originally a Reaganite , his conservative credentials were impeccable .	pos_neg	14809
He was alone in that belief .	He was not alone in that belief .	pos_neg	14810
Whatever went down that night , it apparently fazed Simpson .	Whatever went down that night , it apparently did not faze Simpson .	pos_neg	14811
They were visiting me , by the way .	They were not visiting me , by the way .	pos_neg	14812
Steering clear of China was an easy choice for Playmobil or Lego .	Steering clear of China was not an easy choice for Playmobil or Lego .	pos_neg	14813
One thing has changed - Harvey himself .	One thing has not changed - Harvey himself .	pos_neg	14814
But Iwatake said he wanted Vaughn 's memory to die .	But Iwatake said he did not want Vaughn 's memory to die .	pos_neg	14815
It coated the windows on his pickup but touched the fields .	It coated the windows on his pickup but did not touch the fields .	pos_neg	14816
When he finally does , Nick takes kindly to the news .	When he finally does , Nick does not take kindly to the news .	pos_neg	14817
They were broken , but people mistreated them because they cannot communicate .	They were not broken , but people mistreated them because they cannot communicate .	pos_neg	14818
Amateurish performances help ( 1 : 30 ) .	Amateurish performances do not help ( 1 : 30 ) .	pos_neg	14819
" They were hurt , " Braner told the Daily News .	" They were not hurt , " Braner told the Daily News .	pos_neg	14820
Sanna is a member of the league .	Sanna is not a member of the league .	pos_neg	14821
It is to be burned for no reason .	It is not to be burned for no reason .	pos_neg	14822
Monk who helped protests escapes But this was introduced .	Monk who helped protests escapes But this was not introduced .	pos_neg	14823
But he and his team are alone in the battle .	But he and his team are not alone in the battle .	pos_neg	14824
" It dealt with human beings , " he complained .	" It did not deal with human beings , " he complained .	pos_neg	14825
But they presaged an end to the 1990s bull market .	But they did not presage an end to the 1990s bull market .	pos_neg	14826
However , one police officer apparently was too thrilled by the scene .	However , one police officer apparently was not too thrilled by the scene .	pos_neg	14827
One of them is that it is easy to work with outsiders .	One of them is that it is not easy to work with outsiders .	pos_neg	14828
The authorities said how the fire was set .	The authorities did not say how the fire was set .	pos_neg	14829
But it is supposed to be .	But it is not supposed to be .	pos_neg	14830
So the numbers we have are enough to control the whole province .	So the numbers we have are not enough to control the whole province .	pos_neg	14831
It deters me .	It does not deter me .	pos_neg	14832
But it is a good mechanism to get political support .	But it is not a good mechanism to get political support .	pos_neg	14833
So , try to carry on those dumbbells !	So , do not try to carry on those dumbbells !	pos_neg	14834
" It was an easy day , " Leonard said .	" It was not an easy day , " Leonard said .	pos_neg	14835
Utah had a won road game since Nov. 28 .	Utah had not a won road game since Nov. 28 .	pos_neg	14836
I came to get seventh , I came to win .	I did not come to get seventh , I came to win .	pos_neg	14837
TAXES AND FEES : Taxes and fees have been assessed .	TAXES AND FEES : Taxes and fees have not been assessed .	pos_neg	14838
Frye had such protection .	Frye did not have such protection .	pos_neg	14839
Alas for the Idaho Republican , it was his first mistake .	Alas for the Idaho Republican , it was not his first mistake .	pos_neg	14840
Smith has attempted a regular-season pass .	Smith has not attempted a regular-season pass .	pos_neg	14841
We are paid to go out and find and eliminate the insurgents .	We are not paid to go out and find and eliminate the insurgents .	pos_neg	14842
This is good for America .	This is not good for America .	pos_neg	14843
This is charity .	This is not charity .	pos_neg	14844
Blokhin has always been revered .	Blokhin has not always been revered .	pos_neg	14845
This time she saw Ryan .	This time she did not see Ryan .	pos_neg	14846
" This is the renaissance of British boxing , " Warren said .	" This is not the renaissance of British boxing , " Warren said .	pos_neg	14847
Until recently , American companies featured his works .	Until recently , American companies did not feature his works .	pos_neg	14848
Anti-dandruff shampoos eradicate the fungus. but they do control it .	Anti-dandruff shampoos do not eradicate the fungus. but they do control it .	pos_neg	14849
I had spoken to her in years .	I had not spoken to her in years .	pos_neg	14850
She felt the previous owners had sufficiently understood Halston 's legacy .	She felt the previous owners had not sufficiently understood Halston 's legacy .	pos_neg	14851
The art of politics is to let that show .	The art of politics is not to let that show .	pos_neg	14852
Usually it is really done .	Usually it is not really done .	pos_neg	14853
He says he has had a cigarette since Feb. 24 .	He says he has not had a cigarette since Feb. 24 .	pos_neg	14854
Two stations were inspected because they were being renovated .	Two stations were not inspected because they were being renovated .	pos_neg	14855
He knows what advice to give those left behind .	He does not know what advice to give those left behind .	pos_neg	14856
They are stupid .	They are not stupid .	pos_neg	14857
Critics were kind .	Critics were not kind .	pos_neg	14858
The war of ideas is about Islam .	The war of ideas is not about Islam .	pos_neg	14859
Other cards are far behind .	Other cards are not far behind .	pos_neg	14860
We said this was fair .	We said this was not fair .	pos_neg	14861
The CWU has endorsed the wildcat action .	The CWU has not endorsed the wildcat action .	pos_neg	14862
Officials at Countrywide , JPMorgan and Citigroup were immediately available for comment .	Officials at Countrywide , JPMorgan and Citigroup were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	14863
Clanton said he had seen all of the MRI results .	Clanton said he had not seen all of the MRI results .	pos_neg	14864
We are planning on it .	We are not planning on it .	pos_neg	14865
, Arlington " Miraculous solutions exist , " he said .	, Arlington " Miraculous solutions do not exist , " he said .	pos_neg	14866
Maybe he was , but his fastball sure was .	Maybe he was , but his fastball sure was not .	pos_neg	14867
" There was the political will in Congress , " he said .	" There was not the political will in Congress , " he said .	pos_neg	14868
I feel like that is my main gifting .	I do not feel like that is my main gifting .	pos_neg	14869
" " It is easier if I ask .	" " It is easier if I do not ask .	pos_neg	14870
Attempts to reach him were successful .	Attempts to reach him were not successful .	pos_neg	14871
Officials at Assayliyah were available for comment .	Officials at Assayliyah were not available for comment .	pos_neg	14872
Further details were immediately available .	Further details were not immediately available .	pos_neg	14873
There are some powerful groups that allow that .	There are some powerful groups that do not allow that .	pos_neg	14874
They are doing it the right way .	They are not doing it the right way .	pos_neg	14875
When you do the unexpected today , it is charming but disastrous .	When you do the unexpected today , it is not charming but disastrous .	pos_neg	14876
And he is unfamiliar with the presidential debate process .	And he is not unfamiliar with the presidential debate process .	pos_neg	14877
We told him he has to worry , we are adults .	We told him he does not have to worry , we are adults .	pos_neg	14878
The Education Department responded immediately to a request for comment .	The Education Department did not respond immediately to a request for comment .	pos_neg	14879
" About the fate of their home : " We know .	" About the fate of their home : " We do not know .	pos_neg	14880
Federal judges are elected .	Federal judges are not elected .	pos_neg	14881
That is an appropriate use of their power .	That is not an appropriate use of their power .	pos_neg	14882
That just goes away .	That just does not go away .	pos_neg	14883
So far the company has done that .	So far the company has not done that .	pos_neg	14884
This has materialised .	This has not materialised .	pos_neg	14885
Technical niceties were the point of the exercise .	Technical niceties were not the point of the exercise .	pos_neg	14886
People wanted to stay .	People did not want to stay .	pos_neg	14887
" You cannot say , ' Well , it was me .	" You cannot say , ' Well , it was not me .	pos_neg	14888
Dick Treekape was what she had expected .	Dick Treekape was not what she had expected .	pos_neg	14889
Dictionaries play fair , and John Duns Scotus is proof .	Dictionaries do not play fair , and John Duns Scotus is proof .	pos_neg	14890
It is your car or your clothes or your possessions .	It is not your car or your clothes or your possessions .	pos_neg	14891
To me that is right .	To me that is not right .	pos_neg	14892
China has explained the motives behind the initial refusal .	China has not explained the motives behind the initial refusal .	pos_neg	14893
Marco Buechel , another contender , also lost control and finished .	Marco Buechel , another contender , also lost control and did not finish .	pos_neg	14894
" We have an explanation , " Gonzalez said .	" We do not have an explanation , " Gonzalez said .	pos_neg	14895
" I see it , " he concluded .	" I do not see it , " he concluded .	pos_neg	14896
If I never get there , I care .	If I never get there , I do not care .	pos_neg	14897
But it was necessary .	But it was not necessary .	pos_neg	14898
I think there were people who knew what opera was before .	I think there were people who did not know what opera was before .	pos_neg	14899
Another failure is good for the U.S. or the region .	Another failure is not good for the U.S. or the region .	pos_neg	14900
" " What Ahmadinejad said was a political answer .	" " What Ahmadinejad said was not a political answer .	pos_neg	14901
It took long , though , for chaos to reassert itself .	It did not take long , though , for chaos to reassert itself .	pos_neg	14902
I wanted to put my boots on in the morning .	I did not want to put my boots on in the morning .	pos_neg	14903
However , this is always done by a medical professional .	However , this is not always done by a medical professional .	pos_neg	14904
I cannot really deny that and say no , it has been .	I cannot really deny that and say no , it has not been .	pos_neg	14905
It is too fast and I can play the tennis I like .	It is not too fast and I can play the tennis I like .	pos_neg	14906
Participants were given enough time to fill their canteens .	Participants were not given enough time to fill their canteens .	pos_neg	14907
That was unfortunate , because they were .	That was unfortunate , because they were not .	pos_neg	14908
I have to say it certainly has been .	I have to say it certainly has not been .	pos_neg	14909
It is taking one step forward last year and two steps backward .	It is not taking one step forward last year and two steps backward .	pos_neg	14910
Yet that is enough for many credit providers .	Yet that is not enough for many credit providers .	pos_neg	14911
There is .	There is not .	pos_neg	14912
Many other students saddled with such responsibilities fare as well .	Many other students saddled with such responsibilities do not fare as well .	pos_neg	14913
It is just European machinery that is heading into orbit .	It is not just European machinery that is heading into orbit .	pos_neg	14914
The teacher was identified .	The teacher was not identified .	pos_neg	14915
Older people are afraid to be original .	Older people are not afraid to be original .	pos_neg	14916
10 I injure myself , fall , or bump into things .	10 I do not injure myself , fall , or bump into things .	pos_neg	14917
Each partner gets something they had .	Each partner gets something they did not have .	pos_neg	14918
Stuck in neutral But something seemed right .	Stuck in neutral But something did not seem right .	pos_neg	14919
She seems aloof .	She does not seem aloof .	pos_neg	14920
But to Adams , the story rings quite true .	But to Adams , the story does not ring quite true .	pos_neg	14921
But Mr Martynov is convinced .	But Mr Martynov is not convinced .	pos_neg	14922
Obviously , it is stale .	Obviously , it is not stale .	pos_neg	14923
However , he set a timetable for Peterson 's return .	However , he did not set a timetable for Peterson 's return .	pos_neg	14924
The problems are limited to those without health insurance .	The problems are not limited to those without health insurance .	pos_neg	14925
Wheelchairs are allowed to the summit .	Wheelchairs are not allowed to the summit .	pos_neg	14926
People say they 'd miss the church if it were here .	People say they 'd miss the church if it were not here .	pos_neg	14927
Notes : @ Switch-hitting CF Gary Matthews Jr. started .	Notes : @ Switch-hitting CF Gary Matthews Jr. did not start .	pos_neg	14928
The UConn defense would bend , but it broke .	The UConn defense would bend , but it did not break .	pos_neg	14929
We get a lot of complaints about the dog parks .	We do not get a lot of complaints about the dog parks .	pos_neg	14930
It was an environment that encouraged careful lending .	It was not an environment that encouraged careful lending .	pos_neg	14931
But Mel and Maks failed .	But Mel and Maks did not fail .	pos_neg	14932
To try and duplicate something another receiver did is my game .	To try and duplicate something another receiver did is not my game .	pos_neg	14933
But there was one time he did it , Valverde said .	But there was one time he did not do it , Valverde said .	pos_neg	14934
We have this document .	We do not have this document .	pos_neg	14935
Mr. Fourtou is an engineer , but he certainly knows the culture .	Mr. Fourtou is not an engineer , but he certainly knows the culture .	pos_neg	14936
But the NHS has just relied on these .	But the NHS has not just relied on these .	pos_neg	14937
If they like it , we know right away .	If they do not like it , we know right away .	pos_neg	14938
The gang has forgiven him for leaving .	The gang has not forgiven him for leaving .	pos_neg	14939
Hong Kong citizens have the right to elect the chief executive .	Hong Kong citizens do not have the right to elect the chief executive .	pos_neg	14940
Rosemary Smith , a watching housewife , was impressed .	Rosemary Smith , a watching housewife , was not impressed .	pos_neg	14941
" " It is recommended now .	" " It is not recommended now .	pos_neg	14942
The elder Mr. Molinaro , for his part , is backing away .	The elder Mr. Molinaro , for his part , is not backing away .	pos_neg	14943
" You want to walk away happy , " Williams said .	" You do not want to walk away happy , " Williams said .	pos_neg	14944
She inventoried the pantry : it was pretty .	She inventoried the pantry : it was not pretty .	pos_neg	14945
Listeners paid for their tickets ; usually we have .	Listeners paid for their tickets ; usually we have not .	pos_neg	14946
Let mixture boil or it will curdle .	Do not let mixture boil or it will curdle .	pos_neg	14947
Additional terms of the deal were disclosed .	Additional terms of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	14948
It is everyone , but it is most people .	It is not everyone , but it is most people .	pos_neg	14949
If the viewers react within 10 seconds , the image disappears .	If the viewers do not react within 10 seconds , the image disappears .	pos_neg	14950
Feagles recalled a bad snap from Kuehl .	Feagles did not recall a bad snap from Kuehl .	pos_neg	14951
The Foreign Office has staff permanently based in the Maldives .	The Foreign Office does not have staff permanently based in the Maldives .	pos_neg	14952
We are the same country we were just 12 months ago .	We are not the same country we were just 12 months ago .	pos_neg	14953
Theirs is a sentimental enterprise .	Theirs is not a sentimental enterprise .	pos_neg	14954
The military 's reported death tolls were immediately verifiable .	The military 's reported death tolls were not immediately verifiable .	pos_neg	14955
The historical settings are so far apart .	The historical settings are not so far apart .	pos_neg	14956
The doctors used anesthetics .	The doctors did not use anesthetics .	pos_neg	14957
Mr Glaister is so sure .	Mr Glaister is not so sure .	pos_neg	14958
I am advocating submission .	I am not advocating submission .	pos_neg	14959
AS : You have directed many films .	AS : You have not directed many films .	pos_neg	14960
" It is safe down there , " he said .	" It is not safe down there , " he said .	pos_neg	14961
He spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is over .	He spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is not over .	pos_neg	14962
I realized this was a lightning round .	I did not realize this was a lightning round .	pos_neg	14963
The opening this week was the most direct waterway , ESA said .	The opening this week was not the most direct waterway , ESA said .	pos_neg	14964
Most of us who aren 't economists wear that straitjacket .	Most of us who aren 't economists do not wear that straitjacket .	pos_neg	14965
I know why this has happened to her .	I do not know why this has happened to her .	pos_neg	14966
... Our news was political .	... Our news was not political .	pos_neg	14967
McEnroe said he was sure who would be on Sweden 's team .	McEnroe said he was not sure who would be on Sweden 's team .	pos_neg	14968
The US and UK say that this is affected by the NPT .	The US and UK say that this is not affected by the NPT .	pos_neg	14969
There is no -- either you are good or you are .	There is no -- either you are good or you are not .	pos_neg	14970
He goes to IR having played a down this season .	He goes to IR having not played a down this season .	pos_neg	14971
Phone calls made to Fisher 's home were answered Wednesday .	Phone calls made to Fisher 's home were not answered Wednesday .	pos_neg	14972
You get a lot of friends you had before .	You get a lot of friends you did not have before .	pos_neg	14973
It is like I am ungrateful .	It is not like I am ungrateful .	pos_neg	14974
Oh , no he is !	Oh , no he is not !	pos_neg	14975
That is what we said .	That is not what we said .	pos_neg	14976
The statement said how many militants were killed .	The statement did not say how many militants were killed .	pos_neg	14977
He had hit one since Aug. 22 off Florida 's Scott Olsen .	He had not hit one since Aug. 22 off Florida 's Scott Olsen .	pos_neg	14978
I knew that we were meeting up with them .	I did not know that we were meeting up with them .	pos_neg	14979
T & WA and EnovaPremier have disclosed the terms of the transaction .	T & WA and EnovaPremier have not disclosed the terms of the transaction .	pos_neg	14980
If that sells , he is doomed .	If that does not sell , he is doomed .	pos_neg	14981
But for the second straight season , that is leading to success .	But for the second straight season , that is not leading to success .	pos_neg	14982
I have all the answers .	I do not have all the answers .	pos_neg	14983
It is fair to the veterans .	It is not fair to the veterans .	pos_neg	14984
That performance depends exclusively on network ratings .	That performance does not depend exclusively on network ratings .	pos_neg	14985
Kim Jong-il suceeds him as leader , but takes presidential title .	Kim Jong-il suceeds him as leader , but does not take presidential title .	pos_neg	14986
He is healthy , but he has really competed and thrown enough .	He is healthy , but he has not really competed and thrown enough .	pos_neg	14987
There are touchdowns and field goals , but those are important .	There are touchdowns and field goals , but those are not important .	pos_neg	14988
Grateful begins to describe it .	Grateful does not begin to describe it .	pos_neg	14989
It seems to be stopping him .	It does not seem to be stopping him .	pos_neg	14990
But that is because of the two of us .	But that is not because of the two of us .	pos_neg	14991
You bet it is .	You bet it is not .	pos_neg	14992
Suppressing bitterness is easy for her .	Suppressing bitterness is not easy for her .	pos_neg	14993
" " It is in his nature - he is a pacifist .	" " It is not in his nature - he is a pacifist .	pos_neg	14994
Look , I do nasty .	Look , I do not do nasty .	pos_neg	14995
It is easy to endure such a thing .	It is not easy to endure such a thing .	pos_neg	14996
About SmartLine BUSH : But call me a Ph.D.-type !	About SmartLine BUSH : But do not call me a Ph.D.-type !	pos_neg	14997
We exchanged information , but I gave the man my card .	We exchanged information , but I did not give the man my card .	pos_neg	14998
Some Knesset members shared Sa 'ar 's sentiments .	Some Knesset members did not share Sa 'ar 's sentiments .	pos_neg	14999
She required hospital treatment .	She did not require hospital treatment .	pos_neg	15000
Players studied their cards and their opponents in icy silence .	Players did not study their cards and their opponents in icy silence .	pos_neg	15001
" " It is always because they freeze to death .	" " It is not always because they freeze to death .	pos_neg	15002
Similarly , labor rates and transportation costs are going down .	Similarly , labor rates and transportation costs are not going down .	pos_neg	15003
I believe this .	I do not believe this .	pos_neg	15004
Plus , they go dark when the electrical lines go down .	Plus , they do not go dark when the electrical lines go down .	pos_neg	15005
He is sure of the exact date .	He is not sure of the exact date .	pos_neg	15006
" Breast cancer is fatal , " she said .	" Breast cancer is not fatal , " she said .	pos_neg	15007
And it is only in the troubled home mortgage sector .	And it is not only in the troubled home mortgage sector .	pos_neg	15008
But he carries the same baggage .	But he does not carry the same baggage .	pos_neg	15009
They come under the control of the whaling commission .	They do not come under the control of the whaling commission .	pos_neg	15010
Running water was , but army trucks distributed water throughout the city .	Running water was not , but army trucks distributed water throughout the city .	pos_neg	15011
That is what this is about .	That is not what this is about .	pos_neg	15012
They are giving it away .	They are not giving it away .	pos_neg	15013
But it is difficult for someone to slip in undetected .	But it is not difficult for someone to slip in undetected .	pos_neg	15014
We have recovered this .	We have not recovered this .	pos_neg	15015
Bettini was the only problem for the race organizers .	Bettini was not the only problem for the race organizers .	pos_neg	15016
It is the top of Ben Nevis .	It is not the top of Ben Nevis .	pos_neg	15017
No , this was the way the Rockies drew it up .	No , this was not the way the Rockies drew it up .	pos_neg	15018
But the tensions have exactly dissipated .	But the tensions have not exactly dissipated .	pos_neg	15019
The question mattered .	The question did not matter .	pos_neg	15020
So far , any interest has been taken forward .	So far , any interest has not been taken forward .	pos_neg	15021
Some other practitioners in this field were so careful .	Some other practitioners in this field were not so careful .	pos_neg	15022
, said he was sure if Rice expressly opposed the idea .	, said he was not sure if Rice expressly opposed the idea .	pos_neg	15023
We have looked into other stuff .	We have not looked into other stuff .	pos_neg	15024
Except it was the mayor .	Except it was not the mayor .	pos_neg	15025
Some people just like working with agents .	Some people just do not like working with agents .	pos_neg	15026
He went nuts with what he asked for .	He did not go nuts with what he asked for .	pos_neg	15027
It is a moral issue with me .	It is not a moral issue with me .	pos_neg	15028
That is the source of his success .	That is not the source of his success .	pos_neg	15029
Clarkson 's enthusiasm is really justified .	Clarkson 's enthusiasm is not really justified .	pos_neg	15030
He was the inventor , but he became an established master .	He was not the inventor , but he became an established master .	pos_neg	15031
Only 44-year-old Jamie Moyer has landed on the disabled list .	Only 44-year-old Jamie Moyer has not landed on the disabled list .	pos_neg	15032
But adjusting to the NFL is easy .	But adjusting to the NFL is not easy .	pos_neg	15033
The hard choice is to stop and say this makes sense .	The hard choice is to stop and say this does not make sense .	pos_neg	15034
The idea that Iraqis will spontaneously put this together is realistic .	The idea that Iraqis will spontaneously put this together is not realistic .	pos_neg	15035
Moreover , its promise of higher productivity and efficiency has been realized .	Moreover , its promise of higher productivity and efficiency has not been realized .	pos_neg	15036
It is bound to happen .	It is not bound to happen .	pos_neg	15037
He had given up seven runs July 14 last year against Atlanta .	He had not given up seven runs July 14 last year against Atlanta .	pos_neg	15038
Police said why the two women were fighting .	Police did not say why the two women were fighting .	pos_neg	15039
The order gives him a stay of execution .	The order does not give him a stay of execution .	pos_neg	15040
The Israeli military confirmed the attack but provided details .	The Israeli military confirmed the attack but did not provide details .	pos_neg	15041
... The Associated Press generally names people alleging sexual abuse .	... The Associated Press generally does not name people alleging sexual abuse .	pos_neg	15042
Poets retire .	Poets do not retire .	pos_neg	15043
Bilbao is all dressed-up , but has figured where to go .	Bilbao is all dressed-up , but has not figured where to go .	pos_neg	15044
It is a simple process to relocate these people .	It is not a simple process to relocate these people .	pos_neg	15045
They buy the fact that the kid had a gun .	They do not buy the fact that the kid had a gun .	pos_neg	15046
If that is enough , the spoon is gold , too .	If that is not enough , the spoon is gold , too .	pos_neg	15047
That amount of money lasts a lifetime .	That amount of money does not last a lifetime .	pos_neg	15048
But it is only English Gothic literature that abounds with curses .	But it is not only English Gothic literature that abounds with curses .	pos_neg	15049
Now a home is just a place to live .	Now a home is not just a place to live .	pos_neg	15050
It is quite what Moller set out to make .	It is not quite what Moller set out to make .	pos_neg	15051
I know why , but I did .	I do not know why , but I did .	pos_neg	15052
The Industrial Revolution was all steam engines and textile mills .	The Industrial Revolution was not all steam engines and textile mills .	pos_neg	15053
When that worked , they wondered what to do next .	When that did not work , they wondered what to do next .	pos_neg	15054
Grothe was impressive at first .	Grothe was not impressive at first .	pos_neg	15055
Information about survivors was available .	Information about survivors was not available .	pos_neg	15056
Sadly , though , that is the start of a novel .	Sadly , though , that is not the start of a novel .	pos_neg	15057
They thanked Mr Tyers .	They did not thank Mr Tyers .	pos_neg	15058
Information on Mr. Herrera Campíns 's survivors was available .	Information on Mr. Herrera Campíns 's survivors was not available .	pos_neg	15059
These statements are guarantees of future performance .	These statements are not guarantees of future performance .	pos_neg	15060
" My form has been very good , " Zokora said .	" My form has not been very good , " Zokora said .	pos_neg	15061
And those that have changed their payout formulas are considering it .	And those that have not changed their payout formulas are considering it .	pos_neg	15062
But that legislation simply authorized the bridge but provided actual funding .	But that legislation simply authorized the bridge but did not provide actual funding .	pos_neg	15063
But talk to me about economic growth doing it .	But do not talk to me about economic growth doing it .	pos_neg	15064
He says he is a magician .	He says he is not a magician .	pos_neg	15065
But this Santa 's always a softie .	But this Santa 's not always a softie .	pos_neg	15066
Investment Plan : I cared .	Investment Plan : I did not care .	pos_neg	15067
They have been charged with crimes .	They have not been charged with crimes .	pos_neg	15068
Do that .	Do not do that .	pos_neg	15069
I am supposed to know about it .	I am not supposed to know about it .	pos_neg	15070
Because these activities guarantee income .	Because these activities do not guarantee income .	pos_neg	15071
It was known whether police shot the youth or he killed himself .	It was not known whether police shot the youth or he killed himself .	pos_neg	15072
She have bothered .	She need not have bothered .	pos_neg	15073
Mr. Dylan was there , but echoes of his voice were .	Mr. Dylan was not there , but echoes of his voice were .	pos_neg	15074
But it was an easy ride .	But it was not an easy ride .	pos_neg	15075
It means a personality transplant for the excitable boy .	It does not mean a personality transplant for the excitable boy .	pos_neg	15076
EBITDA is a calculation based on generally accepted accounting principles .	EBITDA is not a calculation based on generally accepted accounting principles .	pos_neg	15077
I am sure ( the Yankees ) could afford him , player-wise .	I am not sure ( the Yankees ) could afford him , player-wise .	pos_neg	15078
It escaped me .	It did not escape me .	pos_neg	15079
We believe it is a bloody axe .	We do not believe it is a bloody axe .	pos_neg	15080
Maybe , we are supposed to .	Maybe , we are not supposed to .	pos_neg	15081
They revealed whether they were butterfly collectors .	They did not reveal whether they were butterfly collectors .	pos_neg	15082
" Ah , that is unusual , " Dr Fink said .	" Ah , that is not unusual , " Dr Fink said .	pos_neg	15083
There are enough university places .	There are not enough university places .	pos_neg	15084
Now he is in his prime .	Now he is not in his prime .	pos_neg	15085
We are profit-driven .	We are not profit-driven .	pos_neg	15086
He returned to the court from the locker room after halftime .	He did not return to the court from the locker room after halftime .	pos_neg	15087
And anybody who thinks I have has been paying attention .	And anybody who thinks I have has not been paying attention .	pos_neg	15088
" " I think the current backdrop warrants a rate hike .	" " I do not think the current backdrop warrants a rate hike .	pos_neg	15089
In addition , EBITDA represents funds available for discretionary use .	In addition , EBITDA does not represent funds available for discretionary use .	pos_neg	15090
The anti-lobbyist challenge is new for Edwards .	The anti-lobbyist challenge is not new for Edwards .	pos_neg	15091
He was a delinquent .	He was not a delinquent .	pos_neg	15092
" " It is just Hispanic businesses that will feel the pain .	" " It is not just Hispanic businesses that will feel the pain .	pos_neg	15093
" I am interested in fingerpointing , " he said .	" I am not interested in fingerpointing , " he said .	pos_neg	15094
A spokesman for UBS was immediately available for comment .	A spokesman for UBS was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	15095
Borgnine is the only ghost of Christmas Past haunting the film .	Borgnine is not the only ghost of Christmas Past haunting the film .	pos_neg	15096
" I remember , " McKenzie said into the microphone .	" I do not remember , " McKenzie said into the microphone .	pos_neg	15097
Barack Obama was born in the 1960s but is of them .	Barack Obama was born in the 1960s but is not of them .	pos_neg	15098
I go into schools now and it is happening .	I go into schools now and it is not happening .	pos_neg	15099
Hamilton 's portfolio is as diversified as those of some larger rivals .	Hamilton 's portfolio is not as diversified as those of some larger rivals .	pos_neg	15100
He is already a knight but I am sure it is legal .	He is already a knight but I am not sure it is legal .	pos_neg	15101
But his performance suggests that .	But his performance does not suggest that .	pos_neg	15102
That is how police work !	That is not how police work !	pos_neg	15103
They were well suited for guerrilla war and sustained heavy casualties .	They were not well suited for guerrilla war and sustained heavy casualties .	pos_neg	15104
" We are going to give up , " he said .	" We are not going to give up , " he said .	pos_neg	15105
He is a flight risk .	He is not a flight risk .	pos_neg	15106
But when that happened , St. Martin 's approached McCaig .	But when that did not happen , St. Martin 's approached McCaig .	pos_neg	15107
It is so simple , it is hard .	It is not so simple , it is hard .	pos_neg	15108
Police were also seeking two other suspects , whom they had identified .	Police were also seeking two other suspects , whom they had not identified .	pos_neg	15109
1833 : This game is everything the first of the day was .	1833 : This game is everything the first of the day was not .	pos_neg	15110
Serves 4-6 Which , of course , I bloody was .	Serves 4-6 Which , of course , I bloody was not .	pos_neg	15111
Of course , offense has been Nebraska 's problem this year .	Of course , offense has not been Nebraska 's problem this year .	pos_neg	15112
But even then , I said yes right away .	But even then , I did not say yes right away .	pos_neg	15113
Andruw Jones ' future is quite as certain .	Andruw Jones ' future is not quite as certain .	pos_neg	15114
Worry about your trade-in later The international community is at fault .	Worry about your trade-in later The international community is not at fault .	pos_neg	15115
Ms. Sui is messing around .	Ms. Sui is not messing around .	pos_neg	15116
High-risk And Mr. McCracken is alone .	High-risk And Mr. McCracken is not alone .	pos_neg	15117
He loads the gun .	He does not load the gun .	pos_neg	15118
Let 's just hope they start singing .	Let 's just hope they do not start singing .	pos_neg	15119
WellCare was immediately available for comment .	WellCare was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	15120
Rizo knew when prosecutors would be given the case .	Rizo did not know when prosecutors would be given the case .	pos_neg	15121
She is cynical and minds expressing it .	She is cynical and does not mind expressing it .	pos_neg	15122
The Variety report said who would direct the third instalment .	The Variety report did not say who would direct the third instalment .	pos_neg	15123
For the Red Sox , it matters .	For the Red Sox , it does not matter .	pos_neg	15124
He is easily persuaded the violence is over .	He is not easily persuaded the violence is over .	pos_neg	15125
Its something else you get in California .	Its something else you do not get in California .	pos_neg	15126
Galaxy superstar David Beckham played .	Galaxy superstar David Beckham did not play .	pos_neg	15127
So am affected by the transport strikes .	So am not affected by the transport strikes .	pos_neg	15128
Representatives from GMAC were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from GMAC were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	15129
Reflects ABC reported figures .	Does not reflect ABC reported figures .	pos_neg	15130
So it is all bad .	So it is not all bad .	pos_neg	15131
But those attacks and others stopped the campaign against al-Qaida .	But those attacks and others did not stop the campaign against al-Qaida .	pos_neg	15132
" They are bad for the skin , " he says .	" They are not bad for the skin , " he says .	pos_neg	15133
I feel slightly guilty , I mind admitting .	I feel slightly guilty , I do not mind admitting .	pos_neg	15134
Dundee HSFP 32 He supervised .	Dundee HSFP 32 He did not supervise .	pos_neg	15135
Just two Democratic House members are running .	Just two Democratic House members are not running .	pos_neg	15136
Q No , I want hand-wringing .	Q No , I do not want hand-wringing .	pos_neg	15137
Often , prospective quantification of them is feasible .	Often , prospective quantification of them is not feasible .	pos_neg	15138
But the leaders of the Christian conservative movement have rallied to him .	But the leaders of the Christian conservative movement have not rallied to him .	pos_neg	15139
But it was enough to deny Bath .	But it was not enough to deny Bath .	pos_neg	15140
It certainly was a game for me .	It certainly was not a game for me .	pos_neg	15141
But the problem is inside the stadia .	But the problem is not inside the stadia .	pos_neg	15142
The courtesy was incidental .	The courtesy was not incidental .	pos_neg	15143
So I was trying to melt out there .	So I was not trying to melt out there .	pos_neg	15144
His duties were detailed .	His duties were not detailed .	pos_neg	15145
He is asking for compensation , only to have his entries restored .	He is not asking for compensation , only to have his entries restored .	pos_neg	15146
It was known how long plant operations might be affected .	It was not known how long plant operations might be affected .	pos_neg	15147
It was always this way in the Rea household .	It was not always this way in the Rea household .	pos_neg	15148
The king specified what information Saudi Arabia provided .	The king did not specify what information Saudi Arabia provided .	pos_neg	15149
She is a diva .	She is not a diva .	pos_neg	15150
The intervening years have proved that charm is enough .	The intervening years have proved that charm is not enough .	pos_neg	15151
We have real enforcement of ratings .	We do not have real enforcement of ratings .	pos_neg	15152
The city has an NFL franchise , of course .	The city does not have an NFL franchise , of course .	pos_neg	15153
The purpose of Saturday 's hearing was explained .	The purpose of Saturday 's hearing was not explained .	pos_neg	15154
He added that the dog had acted aggressively before .	He added that the dog had not acted aggressively before .	pos_neg	15155
Six declined to comment or said they had taken a position .	Six declined to comment or said they had not taken a position .	pos_neg	15156
Calls to agency officials were answered on Sunday .	Calls to agency officials were not answered on Sunday .	pos_neg	15157
So I know what 's going on out there .	So I do not know what 's going on out there .	pos_neg	15158
It is paranoia , it is logic .	It is not paranoia , it is logic .	pos_neg	15159
And federal unions and many employees are giving in to the administration .	And federal unions and many employees are not giving in to the administration .	pos_neg	15160
Pinter has time for Shaffer 's 1940s decency .	Pinter does not have time for Shaffer 's 1940s decency .	pos_neg	15161
Yet these practical concerns have cooled China 's iPhone fervor .	Yet these practical concerns have not cooled China 's iPhone fervor .	pos_neg	15162
It is like they are a different species .	It is not like they are a different species .	pos_neg	15163
But Mr. Lanzone said he had lost hope .	But Mr. Lanzone said he had not lost hope .	pos_neg	15164
Many children referred there had high blood pressure but knew it .	Many children referred there had high blood pressure but did not know it .	pos_neg	15165
Ms. Shamburger , 56 , has forgotten .	Ms. Shamburger , 56 , has not forgotten .	pos_neg	15166
The fiscal one , that is But inside is .	The fiscal one , that is But inside is not .	pos_neg	15167
I see it happening .	I do not see it happening .	pos_neg	15168
Let me be clear : I am gay and never have been .	Let me be clear : I am not gay and never have been .	pos_neg	15169
They perhaps said it quite as starkly .	They perhaps did not say it quite as starkly .	pos_neg	15170
He said the motives for the attack are important .	He said the motives for the attack are not important .	pos_neg	15171
Apparently they knew New York traffic well enough .	Apparently they did not know New York traffic well enough .	pos_neg	15172
It is about the stuff .	It is not about the stuff .	pos_neg	15173
It is something we do lightly .	It is not something we do lightly .	pos_neg	15174
About Universal Travel Group I am doing that to you .	About Universal Travel Group I am not doing that to you .	pos_neg	15175
He minds watching reality outstrip his futures .	He does not mind watching reality outstrip his futures .	pos_neg	15176
I just wish they were substituting for an actual play .	I just wish they were not substituting for an actual play .	pos_neg	15177
I want to drive people away from this country .	I do not want to drive people away from this country .	pos_neg	15178
There was a single word of truth .	There was not a single word of truth .	pos_neg	15179
Pondexter was interested in discussing the incident after the game .	Pondexter was not interested in discussing the incident after the game .	pos_neg	15180
The nationalities of the troops were released pending notification of family members .	The nationalities of the troops were not released pending notification of family members .	pos_neg	15181
I know if my mom 's going to make it .	I do not know if my mom 's going to make it .	pos_neg	15182
Of course , having a virtual double is always a bad thing .	Of course , having a virtual double is not always a bad thing .	pos_neg	15183
Make sure you jeopardize that .	Make sure you do not jeopardize that .	pos_neg	15184
We want to have a country like that .	We do not want to have a country like that .	pos_neg	15185
Unfortunately , Adel is exactly arugula country .	Unfortunately , Adel is not exactly arugula country .	pos_neg	15186
I was expecting to see that climb in the end .	I was not expecting to see that climb in the end .	pos_neg	15187
It is about one moment or one game .	It is not about one moment or one game .	pos_neg	15188
Megan Greenwell Some of the illusions pay off .	Megan Greenwell Some of the illusions do not pay off .	pos_neg	15189
Financial terms of the transactions were disclosed .	Financial terms of the transactions were not disclosed .	pos_neg	15190
and life ends if you make a mistake .	and life does not end if you make a mistake .	pos_neg	15191
... The reason for the discrepancy in casualty figures was immediately clear .	... The reason for the discrepancy in casualty figures was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	15192
Gravel 's head rises for five minutes .	Gravel 's head does not rise for five minutes .	pos_neg	15193
Lucky for him he was in Saudi Arabia .	Lucky for him he was not in Saudi Arabia .	pos_neg	15194
" Don 't know , care , " Rollins said .	" Don 't know , do not care , " Rollins said .	pos_neg	15195
But that is the whole story .	But that is not the whole story .	pos_neg	15196
It was a difficult question .	It was not a difficult question .	pos_neg	15197
Fine eating just is in the British culture .	Fine eating just is not in the British culture .	pos_neg	15198
Fidelity was immediately available for comment .	Fidelity was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	15199
One is too many , a thousand is enough .	One is too many , a thousand is not enough .	pos_neg	15200
" Sometimes they come , " she says .	" Sometimes they do not come , " she says .	pos_neg	15201
If you like it , listen to someone else .	If you do not like it , listen to someone else .	pos_neg	15202
The difference was statistically significant .	The difference was not statistically significant .	pos_neg	15203
OPEC says it is to blame .	OPEC says it is not to blame .	pos_neg	15204
He said he wanted a girlfriend but he does miss me .	He said he did not want a girlfriend but he does miss me .	pos_neg	15205
Marines are known for emoting .	Marines are not known for emoting .	pos_neg	15206
But the restriction was lifted on wild Scottish venison .	But the restriction was not lifted on wild Scottish venison .	pos_neg	15207
What they did was cook .	What they did not do was cook .	pos_neg	15208
BEA has held a shareholder meeting since July 2006 .	BEA has not held a shareholder meeting since July 2006 .	pos_neg	15209
The Japanese wizard disappointed .	The Japanese wizard did not disappoint .	pos_neg	15210
We are going to stay here .	We are not going to stay here .	pos_neg	15211
A lot of people understand why trees are there .	A lot of people do not understand why trees are there .	pos_neg	15212
" He is ' Gray 's Anatomy .	" He is not ' Gray 's Anatomy .	pos_neg	15213
Officials named the driver .	Officials did not name the driver .	pos_neg	15214
And most DVDs cost more then $ 30 .	And most DVDs do not cost more then $ 30 .	pos_neg	15215
Further details have been released for security reasons , the adviser said .	Further details have not been released for security reasons , the adviser said .	pos_neg	15216
But he said it is as large as it seems .	But he said it is not as large as it seems .	pos_neg	15217
It is clear if the victim was a man or a woman .	It is not clear if the victim was a man or a woman .	pos_neg	15218
But we know why the EU should come in .	But we do not know why the EU should come in .	pos_neg	15219
He laughed , and said .	He laughed , and did not say .	pos_neg	15220
It is certainly part of the reason why Dayday has left Tetouan .	It is certainly part of the reason why Dayday has not left Tetouan .	pos_neg	15221
This is really news , of course .	This is not really news , of course .	pos_neg	15222
Those targets were specified in a news release announcing the acquisition .	Those targets were not specified in a news release announcing the acquisition .	pos_neg	15223
This is going to be a normal fashion show .	This is not going to be a normal fashion show .	pos_neg	15224
He seemed to have a clue .	He did not seem to have a clue .	pos_neg	15225
I think we ought to say these things are right .	I think we ought to say these things are not right .	pos_neg	15226
I know exactly .	I do not know exactly .	pos_neg	15227
It has been true for 24 years .	It has not been true for 24 years .	pos_neg	15228
" It is pronounced HER-meez , " says Gene .	" It is not pronounced HER-meez , " says Gene .	pos_neg	15229
Sakic , 38 , has played since Nov. 30 .	Sakic , 38 , has not played since Nov. 30 .	pos_neg	15230
Company representatives were immediately available for comment .	Company representatives were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	15231
" It is gonna happen here for us , " he says .	" It is not gonna happen here for us , " he says .	pos_neg	15232
LLOYD : That is the only oil spill creating problems right now .	LLOYD : That is not the only oil spill creating problems right now .	pos_neg	15233
However , it stressed that this had made the aircraft unreliable .	However , it stressed that this had not made the aircraft unreliable .	pos_neg	15234
I deserve it .	I do not deserve it .	pos_neg	15235
The current process is working well .	The current process is not working well .	pos_neg	15236
She seems too concerned .	She does not seem too concerned .	pos_neg	15237
There are so many thousands who come through their service unscathed .	There are so many thousands who do not come through their service unscathed .	pos_neg	15238
Getting there : Airfare is included in the package price .	Getting there : Airfare is not included in the package price .	pos_neg	15239
Or maybe he was lying .	Or maybe he was not lying .	pos_neg	15240
But corns have roots .	But corns do not have roots .	pos_neg	15241
id = 1821622007 " He really cared , " DesMaris said .	id = 1821622007 " He really did not care , " DesMaris said .	pos_neg	15242
I planned it .	I did not plan it .	pos_neg	15243
It is the first time Georgetown Partners has sought FCC-regulated licenses .	It is not the first time Georgetown Partners has sought FCC-regulated licenses .	pos_neg	15244
On Hizzoner , He is the Mayor .	On Hizzoner , He is Not the Mayor .	pos_neg	15245
According to Judge Nancy Oesterle this is uncommon .	According to Judge Nancy Oesterle this is not uncommon .	pos_neg	15246
Journalists were allowed to film the event .	Journalists were not allowed to film the event .	pos_neg	15247
That is what I am doing .	That is not what I am doing .	pos_neg	15248
She said she expected payment for passing along the information .	She said she did not expect payment for passing along the information .	pos_neg	15249
But it is quite that simple .	But it is not quite that simple .	pos_neg	15250
, to describe what he liked about America .	, to describe what he did not like about America .	pos_neg	15251
" We are overconfident , " he said .	" We are not overconfident , " he said .	pos_neg	15252
But he added that the security firm had contacted the family .	But he added that the security firm had not contacted the family .	pos_neg	15253
Victoria , Kickapoo Nation School : Yes , because it is illegal .	Victoria , Kickapoo Nation School : Yes , because it is not illegal .	pos_neg	15254
Yet their co-operation has been tested .	Yet their co-operation has not been tested .	pos_neg	15255
Well , no , it is a highway hallucination .	Well , no , it is not a highway hallucination .	pos_neg	15256
But Riquelme thought twice .	But Riquelme did not think twice .	pos_neg	15257
I was sure where I would fit in among the student body .	I was not sure where I would fit in among the student body .	pos_neg	15258
I know if they are overly aggressive .	I do not know if they are overly aggressive .	pos_neg	15259
Cairo accused her of speaking of matters she knew about .	Cairo accused her of speaking of matters she did not know about .	pos_neg	15260
It is just about signing people up to make more commission .	It is not just about signing people up to make more commission .	pos_neg	15261
The Lions have won a league championship since 1961 .	The Lions have not won a league championship since 1961 .	pos_neg	15262
It is an accident , it is the pursuit of excellence .	It is not an accident , it is the pursuit of excellence .	pos_neg	15263
They are hitting rock .	They are not hitting rock .	pos_neg	15264
An e-mailed request for comment from Blanco was immediately returned .	An e-mailed request for comment from Blanco was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	15265
I thought I could do science that changed policy .	I did not think I could do science that changed policy .	pos_neg	15266
How that was initiated , I remember .	How that was initiated , I do not remember .	pos_neg	15267
" For me , failure is an option , " he said .	" For me , failure is not an option , " he said .	pos_neg	15268
Next thing you know he is here .	Next thing you know he is not here .	pos_neg	15269
But the young have lost interest .	But the young have not lost interest .	pos_neg	15270
Stagnant incomes have kept pace with rising rents .	Stagnant incomes have not kept pace with rising rents .	pos_neg	15271
There was a catch : The workshops existed .	There was a catch : The workshops did not exist .	pos_neg	15272
Rogers has denied killing Perry and was charged in the case .	Rogers has denied killing Perry and was not charged in the case .	pos_neg	15273
And Democrats were about to let down their human shields .	And Democrats were not about to let down their human shields .	pos_neg	15274
One person who questions Gibbs is his wife , Pat .	One person who does not question Gibbs is his wife , Pat .	pos_neg	15275
They are tragic figures because they are single .	They are not tragic figures because they are single .	pos_neg	15276
I let that frustrate me .	I do not let that frustrate me .	pos_neg	15277
But I am .	But I am not .	pos_neg	15278
We are a private gallery .	We are not a private gallery .	pos_neg	15279
Freddie Mac historically bought subprime loans .	Freddie Mac historically did not buy subprime loans .	pos_neg	15280
He has appeared in public since then .	He has not appeared in public since then .	pos_neg	15281
I was thinking about going outside the country .	I was not thinking about going outside the country .	pos_neg	15282
The industry-led approach is foolproof , however .	The industry-led approach is not foolproof , however .	pos_neg	15283
The Associated Press generally names people alleging sexual abuse .	The Associated Press generally does not name people alleging sexual abuse .	pos_neg	15284
Floyd Mayweather , Jr. took last week 's criticisms lightly .	Floyd Mayweather , Jr. did not take last week 's criticisms lightly .	pos_neg	15285
It is the first time a contender has moved to the state .	It is not the first time a contender has moved to the state .	pos_neg	15286
Regrettably , it is an easy show to navigate .	Regrettably , it is not an easy show to navigate .	pos_neg	15287
The cameras taped the alleged assault .	The cameras did not tape the alleged assault .	pos_neg	15288
Nightfall solves the problem .	Nightfall does not solve the problem .	pos_neg	15289
I want them leaving .	I do not want them leaving .	pos_neg	15290
This , however , was the first trial .	This , however , was not the first trial .	pos_neg	15291
" We want 6,000 names , " Krafve grumbled .	" We do not want 6,000 names , " Krafve grumbled .	pos_neg	15292
If the ref sees that you ask why .	If the ref does not see that you ask why .	pos_neg	15293
Federal prosecutors say they typically file such charges against minors .	Federal prosecutors say they typically do not file such charges against minors .	pos_neg	15294
She worked for three years after a hysterectomy and chemotherapy .	She did not work for three years after a hysterectomy and chemotherapy .	pos_neg	15295
I am finding the right words .	I am not finding the right words .	pos_neg	15296
Some rebels made it clear from the outset that they were interested .	Some rebels made it clear from the outset that they were not interested .	pos_neg	15297
That is enormous and it is well known .	That is enormous and it is not well known .	pos_neg	15298
I just was comfortable with that .	I just was not comfortable with that .	pos_neg	15299
The nature of the problem was clear .	The nature of the problem was not clear .	pos_neg	15300
His command was there .	His command was not there .	pos_neg	15301
The steak is fried -- it is grilled .	The steak is not fried -- it is grilled .	pos_neg	15302
He is named as a defendant in this suit .	He is not named as a defendant in this suit .	pos_neg	15303
She was my people .	She was not my people .	pos_neg	15304
But he invented jihad or the tools of terror .	But he did not invent jihad or the tools of terror .	pos_neg	15305
Although he enjoyed complaining about it , he recommends it .	Although he enjoyed complaining about it , he does not recommend it .	pos_neg	15306
I was a point guard .	I was not a point guard .	pos_neg	15307
This included bands that were signed by record companies .	This included bands that were not signed by record companies .	pos_neg	15308
But that dream happened so he joined the Tijuana department .	But that dream did not happen so he joined the Tijuana department .	pos_neg	15309
, bought that logic .	, did not buy that logic .	pos_neg	15310
His injuries were said to be serious .	His injuries were not said to be serious .	pos_neg	15311
, a blue-collar suburb of Boston , was their dream house .	, a blue-collar suburb of Boston , was not their dream house .	pos_neg	15312
- Kitty and Shawn Sonnenschein thought they had cheap friends .	- Kitty and Shawn Sonnenschein did not think they had cheap friends .	pos_neg	15313
Mr. McLoone charged the Boss .	Mr. McLoone did not charge the Boss .	pos_neg	15314
A call to Brown 's attorney was immediately returned .	A call to Brown 's attorney was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	15315
I fight the utter misery of civilian aviation today .	I do not fight the utter misery of civilian aviation today .	pos_neg	15316
The specific reason was given .	The specific reason was not given .	pos_neg	15317
But it is clear where Follieri will get the money .	But it is not clear where Follieri will get the money .	pos_neg	15318
Their sums simply add up .	Their sums simply do not add up .	pos_neg	15319
She is a career-oriented city ; she is a person .	She is not a career-oriented city ; she is a person .	pos_neg	15320
WALLACE : I am talking process .	WALLACE : I am not talking process .	pos_neg	15321
He specified which collectibles were located .	He did not specify which collectibles were located .	pos_neg	15322
It is everyone who can afford a £ 4,000-per-head bash .	It is not everyone who can afford a £ 4,000-per-head bash .	pos_neg	15323
Mr. Ieng Sary was available for comment .	Mr. Ieng Sary was not available for comment .	pos_neg	15324
HCG is on the list of banned substances , SI.com reported .	HCG is not on the list of banned substances , SI.com reported .	pos_neg	15325
Amnesty International welcomed the statement but said it went far enough .	Amnesty International welcomed the statement but said it did not go far enough .	pos_neg	15326
We feel like we have to feel competitive .	We do not feel like we have to feel competitive .	pos_neg	15327
" " It was a corrupt relationship .	" " It was not a corrupt relationship .	pos_neg	15328
The connection between poverty and poor environmental conditions is limited to Texas .	The connection between poverty and poor environmental conditions is not limited to Texas .	pos_neg	15329
" I represent those people , " he said .	" I do not represent those people , " he said .	pos_neg	15330
I am a happy person , never have been .	I am not a happy person , never have been .	pos_neg	15331
The perception is we play defense , but we do .	The perception is we do not play defense , but we do .	pos_neg	15332
The newspapers identified their sources .	The newspapers did not identify their sources .	pos_neg	15333
Unfortunately my race was the best one tactically speaking .	Unfortunately my race was not the best one tactically speaking .	pos_neg	15334
How it got there , I know .	How it got there , I do not know .	pos_neg	15335
And it is fiction .	And it is not fiction .	pos_neg	15336
Imran Khan 's problem is that he has mass political appeal .	Imran Khan 's problem is that he does not have mass political appeal .	pos_neg	15337
It is merely violent in tendency .	It is not merely violent in tendency .	pos_neg	15338
I am who they are .	I am not who they are .	pos_neg	15339
Sources said police had found the carcasses of the birds .	Sources said police had not found the carcasses of the birds .	pos_neg	15340
Like most serious diseases , multiple myeloma is cheap to treat .	Like most serious diseases , multiple myeloma is not cheap to treat .	pos_neg	15341
More than four months later , they have seen a check .	More than four months later , they have not seen a check .	pos_neg	15342
" It is rocket science , " she says .	" It is not rocket science , " she says .	pos_neg	15343
They worked as hoped , Martin said .	They did not work as hoped , Martin said .	pos_neg	15344
Bond returned three calls seeking comment over two days .	Bond did not return three calls seeking comment over two days .	pos_neg	15345
They want a war with Israel .	They do not want a war with Israel .	pos_neg	15346
I am worried about that other stuff .	I am not worried about that other stuff .	pos_neg	15347
Democrats see it that way .	Democrats do not see it that way .	pos_neg	15348
And the program has been without its close calls .	And the program has not been without its close calls .	pos_neg	15349
She has flipped out .	She has not flipped out .	pos_neg	15350
The name of the victim has been released .	The name of the victim has not been released .	pos_neg	15351
As long as it involves violence , it is OK .	As long as it does not involve violence , it is OK .	pos_neg	15352
A Medal of Honor for bravery guaranteed service in certain restaurants .	A Medal of Honor for bravery did not guarantee service in certain restaurants .	pos_neg	15353
The justices commented further on their order .	The justices did not comment further on their order .	pos_neg	15354
Don 't kid yourselves ; our governments care about our environment .	Don 't kid yourselves ; our governments do not care about our environment .	pos_neg	15355
That stops .	That does not stop .	pos_neg	15356
Generally , most guys like girls who look anorexic .	Generally , most guys do not like girls who look anorexic .	pos_neg	15357
If he is concerned , many are .	If he is concerned , many are not .	pos_neg	15358
The immediate post-devolution period was as traumatic as it might have been .	The immediate post-devolution period was not as traumatic as it might have been .	pos_neg	15359
And tracking the reconditioned Boeing 767-200 is easy .	And tracking the reconditioned Boeing 767-200 is not easy .	pos_neg	15360
It is spread from deer to deer by contact .	It is not spread from deer to deer by contact .	pos_neg	15361
American forces led the fighting .	American forces did not lead the fighting .	pos_neg	15362
But Craig is going gently .	But Craig is not going gently .	pos_neg	15363
In 2000 , these eight states had one Democratic governor among them .	In 2000 , these eight states had not one Democratic governor among them .	pos_neg	15364
It is the thing .	It is not the thing .	pos_neg	15365
I am opposed to behavior recognition , in theory .	I am not opposed to behavior recognition , in theory .	pos_neg	15366
4 Will Plea in Bid-Rigging He was being perfunctory or merely polite .	4 Will Plea in Bid-Rigging He was not being perfunctory or merely polite .	pos_neg	15367
I think all were destroyed .	I do not think all were destroyed .	pos_neg	15368
That means the process gets easier .	That does not mean the process gets easier .	pos_neg	15369
His intention was to kill .	His intention was not to kill .	pos_neg	15370
But the message was aimed only at them .	But the message was not aimed only at them .	pos_neg	15371
You recognize women .	You start not recognizing women .	pos_neg	15372
, are tax-deductible .	, are not tax-deductible .	pos_neg	15373
This was always so .	This was not always so .	pos_neg	15374
" I told him : " I see hockey that way .	" I told him : " I do not see hockey that way .	pos_neg	15375
We need to build houses that need an outside energy supply .	We need to build houses that do not need an outside energy supply .	pos_neg	15376
" It is a time for quiet politics , " Kephart said .	" It is not a time for quiet politics , " Kephart said .	pos_neg	15377
The actor was in the courtroom .	The actor was not in the courtroom .	pos_neg	15378
Raids Highlight Prescription Drug Debate Witnesses come forward .	Raids Highlight Prescription Drug Debate Witnesses do not come forward .	pos_neg	15379
We are going to lose sight of that .	We are not going to lose sight of that .	pos_neg	15380
Aniston is the only star with superb timing .	Aniston is not the only star with superb timing .	pos_neg	15381
Three of the nine were listed as stolen ; six were .	Three of the nine were listed as stolen ; six were not .	pos_neg	15382
But it is an endeavor that simply be written off .	But it is not an endeavor that simply be written off .	pos_neg	15383
I think that way .	I do not think that way .	pos_neg	15384
So far Apple is saying how .	So far Apple is not saying how .	pos_neg	15385
Tuff said they were intentionally trying to show up the companies .	Tuff said they were not intentionally trying to show up the companies .	pos_neg	15386
Habana , however , walked away with everything on Wednesday night .	Habana , however , did not walk away with everything on Wednesday night .	pos_neg	15387
It is the least of the paradoxes of the decline and fall .	It is not the least of the paradoxes of the decline and fall .	pos_neg	15388
" " We are talking about a small difference .	" " We are not talking about a small difference .	pos_neg	15389
That is the American way .	That is not the American way .	pos_neg	15390
It is just a question of it being Soil Association approved .	It is not just a question of it being Soil Association approved .	pos_neg	15391
" " But I feel cheated .	" " But I do not feel cheated .	pos_neg	15392
Sixty-two percent of respondents ate fruit daily .	Sixty-two percent of respondents did not eat fruit daily .	pos_neg	15393
I am an especial devotee of literary biography .	I am not an especial devotee of literary biography .	pos_neg	15394
The number of " know " had increased correspondingly .	The number of " do not knows " had increased correspondingly .	pos_neg	15395
" " They are really concerned with decency .	" " They are not really concerned with decency .	pos_neg	15396
I think I have to choose .	I do not think I have to choose .	pos_neg	15397
They worked in 2001 .	They did not work in 2001 .	pos_neg	15398
The girl was injured .	The girl was not injured .	pos_neg	15399
But that has happened .	But that has not happened .	pos_neg	15400
It was the ending Connecticut envisioned .	It was not the ending Connecticut envisioned .	pos_neg	15401
We just put them away .	We just did not put them away .	pos_neg	15402
Unfortunately , Ruby , the little girl , wants another dog .	Unfortunately , Ruby , the little girl , does not want another dog .	pos_neg	15403
It affects what I am doing .	It does not affect what I am doing .	pos_neg	15404
He insisted that they had met Taleban leaders .	He insisted that they had not met Taleban leaders .	pos_neg	15405
I think I scored as well .	I do not think I scored as well .	pos_neg	15406
" Failure is an option , " Rice has often declared .	" Failure is not an option , " Rice has often declared .	pos_neg	15407
His voice is quite baritone , it is below a tenor .	His voice is not quite baritone , it is below a tenor .	pos_neg	15408
What I really panic about nowadays is falling ; it is landing .	What I really panic about nowadays is not falling ; it is landing .	pos_neg	15409
His parents are in evidence .	His parents are not in evidence .	pos_neg	15410
This is a time for politicking , but for practical decision-making .	This is not a time for politicking , but for practical decision-making .	pos_neg	15411
20 A-section credited the photographer .	20 A-section did not credit the photographer .	pos_neg	15412
We are a star-studded team .	We are not a star-studded team .	pos_neg	15413
It was immediately clear how many shows might already be finished .	It was not immediately clear how many shows might already be finished .	pos_neg	15414
It identified the nationality of the dead solider .	It did not identify the nationality of the dead solider .	pos_neg	15415
The two agree on some issues , however .	The two do not agree on some issues , however .	pos_neg	15416
I honestly thought it would come down to that .	I honestly did not think it would come down to that .	pos_neg	15417
We endorse the election of a military man as president .	We do not endorse the election of a military man as president .	pos_neg	15418
Edsall , 49 , is the first college coach to stress punctuality .	Edsall , 49 , is not the first college coach to stress punctuality .	pos_neg	15419
What people seem to realise is how valuable this information is .	What people do not seem to realise is how valuable this information is .	pos_neg	15420
" It is about making Thompson look silly , " another responded .	" It is not about making Thompson look silly , " another responded .	pos_neg	15421
And this trend is unique to NBC .	And this trend is not unique to NBC .	pos_neg	15422
The message was being received by them .	The message was not being received by them .	pos_neg	15423
Nanayakkara said he had details of the fighting .	Nanayakkara said he did not have details of the fighting .	pos_neg	15424
It was immediately clear when Brown would be released .	It was not immediately clear when Brown would be released .	pos_neg	15425
Hernández has played catch , but has resumed running .	Hernández has played catch , but has not resumed running .	pos_neg	15426
And hesitate to ask questions of your own .	And do not hesitate to ask questions of your own .	pos_neg	15427
Teddy does gaudy .	Teddy does not do gaudy .	pos_neg	15428
But the future certainly includes the old theater .	But the future certainly does not include the old theater .	pos_neg	15429
While the demand for campaign news has exploded , the supply has .	While the demand for campaign news has exploded , the supply has not .	pos_neg	15430
ABC News has been able to reach counsel for the accused .	ABC News has not been able to reach counsel for the accused .	pos_neg	15431
He has named Formation or Warburg Pincus as defendants .	He has not named Formation or Warburg Pincus as defendants .	pos_neg	15432
We are good enough to play that way .	We are not good enough to play that way .	pos_neg	15433
The politics has stopped the buyout firms .	The politics has not stopped the buyout firms .	pos_neg	15434
And this is all about oil .	And this is not all about oil .	pos_neg	15435
" I know about the momentum thing , " he said .	" I do not know about the momentum thing , " he said .	pos_neg	15436
Which you allege you borrowed .	Which you allege you did not borrow .	pos_neg	15437
Sorry , we are going to be part of it .	Sorry , we are not going to be part of it .	pos_neg	15438
She takes bad pictures .	She does not take bad pictures .	pos_neg	15439
The convoy stopped for the investigation , he said .	The convoy did not stop for the investigation , he said .	pos_neg	15440
This issue is about politics .	This issue is not about politics .	pos_neg	15441
1 cup flour The figure included the school system .	1 cup flour The figure did not include the school system .	pos_neg	15442
" I think that is relevant , " said Mr Thwaites .	" I do not think that is relevant , " said Mr Thwaites .	pos_neg	15443
Johanns said Monday he is ready to speculate about his future .	Johanns said Monday he is not ready to speculate about his future .	pos_neg	15444
" I think so , " Turner said .	" I do not think so , " Turner said .	pos_neg	15445
She understands why he did it .	She does not understand why he did it .	pos_neg	15446
The only regret I will have is being here to witness it .	The only regret I will have is not being here to witness it .	pos_neg	15447
It was long before a sizzling debate began .	It was not long before a sizzling debate began .	pos_neg	15448
TORM has sold second-hand tonnage in 2007 .	TORM has not sold second-hand tonnage in 2007 .	pos_neg	15449
Dziekanski spoke English .	Dziekanski did not speak English .	pos_neg	15450
But its decline means that Iraq is becoming stable .	But its decline does not mean that Iraq is becoming stable .	pos_neg	15451
Money itself is evil .	Money itself is not evil .	pos_neg	15452
Como was .	Como was not .	pos_neg	15453
The couple have children .	The couple do not have children .	pos_neg	15454
When I am working , I am lonely .	When I am working , I am not lonely .	pos_neg	15455
" We know , " he said .	" We do not know , " he said .	pos_neg	15456
And it seemed to matter what happened in the outside world .	And it did not seem to matter what happened in the outside world .	pos_neg	15457
But you want to think about it .	But you do not want to think about it .	pos_neg	15458
Moscow has confirmed the sale .	Moscow has not confirmed the sale .	pos_neg	15459
Thompson was quite what the V.V. ' s hoped for .	Thompson was not quite what the V.V. ' s hoped for .	pos_neg	15460
" It is Sam , " Jerome said finally .	" It is not Sam , " Jerome said finally .	pos_neg	15461
There is no other proof I need that boot camps work .	There is no other proof I need that boot camps do not work .	pos_neg	15462
I just see the point in them .	I just do not see the point in them .	pos_neg	15463
Police released the name of the driver .	Police did not release the name of the driver .	pos_neg	15464
THE English want for Scots .	THE English do not want for Scots .	pos_neg	15465
But it was just her playful personality that worked .	But it was not just her playful personality that worked .	pos_neg	15466
Others say the economic situation is all the fault of Hamas .	Others say the economic situation is not all the fault of Hamas .	pos_neg	15467
And he is easy to get along with .	And he is not easy to get along with .	pos_neg	15468
The former sheriff commented after the hearing .	The former sheriff did not comment after the hearing .	pos_neg	15469
They have identified particular suspects , he said .	They have not identified particular suspects , he said .	pos_neg	15470
I really meant to do that .	I really did not mean to do that .	pos_neg	15471
It was clear what the penalty for defying the curfew would be .	It was not clear what the penalty for defying the curfew would be .	pos_neg	15472
We crashed the party .	We did not crash the party .	pos_neg	15473
This was how it was supposed to be .	This was not how it was supposed to be .	pos_neg	15474
They were discouraged and would probably make a feature film .	They were not discouraged and would probably make a feature film .	pos_neg	15475
The Bank confirmed its name today .	The Bank did not confirm its name today .	pos_neg	15476
I want to move on without her .	I do not want to move on without her .	pos_neg	15477
It is rationalization : the reaction is instantaneous .	It is not rationalization : the reaction is instantaneous .	pos_neg	15478
He has fought since .	He has not fought since .	pos_neg	15479
And what I notice is one adult or another .	And what I notice is not one adult or another .	pos_neg	15480
She denied the claim and was charged in the case .	She denied the claim and was not charged in the case .	pos_neg	15481
We allowed them a shot on goal .	We did not allow them a shot on goal .	pos_neg	15482
Ms. Madlala-Routledge is easy to pigeonhole .	Ms. Madlala-Routledge is not easy to pigeonhole .	pos_neg	15483
But we stopped there , of course .	But we did not stop there , of course .	pos_neg	15484
id = 1630442007 They are funny .	id = 1630442007 They are not funny .	pos_neg	15485
I take it personally .	I do not take it personally .	pos_neg	15486
But I am happy it went to the third set .	But I am not happy it went to the third set .	pos_neg	15487
But corporations were happy .	But corporations were not happy .	pos_neg	15488
Calls to Gary Police seeking comment were returned Monday .	Calls to Gary Police seeking comment were not returned Monday .	pos_neg	15489
She had , she told me after a pause .	She had not , she told me after a pause .	pos_neg	15490
I like a total look .	I do not like a total look .	pos_neg	15491
The ploy worked .	The ploy did not work .	pos_neg	15492
The person is going to win .	The person is not going to win .	pos_neg	15493
Cash flow , as it turned out , was a problem .	Cash flow , as it turned out , was not a problem .	pos_neg	15494
Yet all was as it appeared .	Yet all was not as it appeared .	pos_neg	15495
But we know how deep this problem is .	But we do not know how deep this problem is .	pos_neg	15496
Sweden is unique in being confronted with binge-drinking teenagers .	Sweden is not unique in being confronted with binge-drinking teenagers .	pos_neg	15497
This is an action in good faith .	This is not an action in good faith .	pos_neg	15498
She just said .	She just did not say .	pos_neg	15499
And I just feel comfortable as well .	And I just do not feel comfortable as well .	pos_neg	15500
Trust me when I tell you it is a bad trade-off .	Trust me when I tell you it is not a bad trade-off .	pos_neg	15501
Apple has been flawless in its execution .	Apple has not been flawless in its execution .	pos_neg	15502
Best of all , you have to be 21 .	Best of all , you do not have to be 21 .	pos_neg	15503
Violette said he hesitated to turn to Napravnik .	Violette said he did not hesitate to turn to Napravnik .	pos_neg	15504
" " You need the whole crew in the car .	" " You do not need the whole crew in the car .	pos_neg	15505
He was seriously injured , authorities said .	He was not seriously injured , authorities said .	pos_neg	15506
Sales figures for the rest of the shopping season were available .	Sales figures for the rest of the shopping season were not available .	pos_neg	15507
Passengers want a healthy industry but want to be ripped off .	Passengers want a healthy industry but do not want to be ripped off .	pos_neg	15508
But they are .	But they are not .	pos_neg	15509
Well , No. 1 , it was a pipe bomb .	Well , No. 1 , it was not a pipe bomb .	pos_neg	15510
But Uruguay has been at it as long .	But Uruguay has not been at it as long .	pos_neg	15511
The gateway to Port Royal does justice to the community within .	The gateway to Port Royal does not do justice to the community within .	pos_neg	15512
It is a very long game but it is unashamed fun .	It is not a very long game but it is unashamed fun .	pos_neg	15513
There were no injuries , and the concourse was evacuated .	There were no injuries , and the concourse was not evacuated .	pos_neg	15514
The police released the child 's name .	The police did not release the child 's name .	pos_neg	15515
He was the only who had the spinach frittata and complained !	He was the only who had the spinach frittata and did not complain !	pos_neg	15516
He is scrapping A levels now .	He is not scrapping A levels now .	pos_neg	15517
But those protests changed foreign policy .	But those protests did not change foreign policy .	pos_neg	15518
" This is some touchy-feely program , " Thompson said .	" This is not some touchy-feely program , " Thompson said .	pos_neg	15519
" " Tomorrow is going to be easy .	" " Tomorrow is not going to be easy .	pos_neg	15520
I was expecting it .	I was not expecting it .	pos_neg	15521
Ashin Kovida is sure what he will do next .	Ashin Kovida is not sure what he will do next .	pos_neg	15522
Identifying a problem is the same as suggesting a solution .	Identifying a problem is not the same as suggesting a solution .	pos_neg	15523
Representatives for Toyota and Ford were immediately available for comment .	Representatives for Toyota and Ford were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	15524
Tuesday 's rate cut is aimed at making sure that happens .	Tuesday 's rate cut is aimed at making sure that does not happen .	pos_neg	15525
That has to be a bad thing .	That does not have to be a bad thing .	pos_neg	15526
Restocking fees are limited to electronics .	Restocking fees are not limited to electronics .	pos_neg	15527
Here , you have that .	Here , you do not have that .	pos_neg	15528
The sprain was called mild , but Collins returned .	The sprain was called mild , but Collins did not return .	pos_neg	15529
The talk was idle .	The talk was not idle .	pos_neg	15530
That sure was the case at Cog Hill .	That sure was not the case at Cog Hill .	pos_neg	15531
" I just made it , " he said .	" I just did not make it , " he said .	pos_neg	15532
She got it .	She did not get it .	pos_neg	15533
" But I am an American , " says the man .	" But I am not an American , " says the man .	pos_neg	15534
We built on that .	We did not build on that .	pos_neg	15535
" " The vehicle heeded these warnings and failed to halt .	" " The vehicle did not heed these warnings and failed to halt .	pos_neg	15536
It was the hike , though : I was tea 'd out .	It was not the hike , though : I was tea 'd out .	pos_neg	15537
We have done that at B.C. since 1940 .	We have not done that at B.C. since 1940 .	pos_neg	15538
A whopping 33 percent said they were sure .	A whopping 33 percent said they were not sure .	pos_neg	15539
The American military says those who have done so are primarily criminals .	The American military says those who have not done so are primarily criminals .	pos_neg	15540
" I am a modern-art aficionado , " she said .	" I am not a modern-art aficionado , " she said .	pos_neg	15541
But it is near the issue it was five years ago .	But it is not near the issue it was five years ago .	pos_neg	15542
The pair thinks this is a coincidence .	The pair does not think this is a coincidence .	pos_neg	15543
Busy main road But it feels that way .	Busy main road But it does not feel that way .	pos_neg	15544
But it was just landmarks being bought by Japanese investors .	But it was not just landmarks being bought by Japanese investors .	pos_neg	15545
" " You have shown a drop of remorse .	" " You have not shown a drop of remorse .	pos_neg	15546
When I heard the news , I was totally surprised .	When I heard the news , I was not totally surprised .	pos_neg	15547
Whatever it is , I am finished with it .	Whatever it is , I am not finished with it .	pos_neg	15548
" I do it for the attention , " she said .	" I do not do it for the attention , " she said .	pos_neg	15549
Bhutto was formally under house arrest , Information Minister Tariq Azim said .	Bhutto was not formally under house arrest , Information Minister Tariq Azim said .	pos_neg	15550
The Ravens probably were as good as their 13-3 record last season .	The Ravens probably were not as good as their 13-3 record last season .	pos_neg	15551
The studies include revenues generated from illegal SPAM .	The studies do not include revenues generated from illegal SPAM .	pos_neg	15552
Surely they are burning walnut logs .	Surely they are not burning walnut logs .	pos_neg	15553
But Bachelet is naïve .	But Bachelet is not naïve .	pos_neg	15554
However , it is always a thought when I fly .	However , it is not always a thought when I fly .	pos_neg	15555
On Sunday , Pelosi commented on the predicted vote tally .	On Sunday , Pelosi did not comment on the predicted vote tally .	pos_neg	15556
Recalls cause delays That is going to get diplomacy started .	Recalls cause delays That is not going to get diplomacy started .	pos_neg	15557
She laughed .	She did not laugh .	pos_neg	15558
Harrison was seriously hurt .	Harrison was not seriously hurt .	pos_neg	15559
Larry Craig , Hall of Famer He elaborated .	Larry Craig , Hall of Famer He did not elaborate .	pos_neg	15560
The trio and their homes survived , but the battle is over .	The trio and their homes survived , but the battle is not over .	pos_neg	15561
Oral contraception is the only possibility .	Oral contraception is not the only possibility .	pos_neg	15562
He trusts conceptual investing .	He does not trust conceptual investing .	pos_neg	15563
CBS confirms the helicopter left Aviano but was based there .	CBS confirms the helicopter left Aviano but was not based there .	pos_neg	15564
The Devils scored again .	The Devils did not score again .	pos_neg	15565
id = 1694892007 And I was at my best the other night .	id = 1694892007 And I was not at my best the other night .	pos_neg	15566
( Michael Davis ) had to push me .	( Michael Davis ) did not have to push me .	pos_neg	15567
Price increases to customers were significant in the 2007 third quarter .	Price increases to customers were not significant in the 2007 third quarter .	pos_neg	15568
Apparently they have been listening to their own speeches on free trade .	Apparently they have not been listening to their own speeches on free trade .	pos_neg	15569
Unlike in Britain , the law in Germany allows that .	Unlike in Britain , the law in Germany does not allow that .	pos_neg	15570
Dave 's Here , 1115 Hickox Street ; ( 505 ) 983-7060 .	Dave 's Not Here , 1115 Hickox Street ; ( 505 ) 983-7060 .	pos_neg	15571
But Reese 's mission is just about taste .	But Reese 's mission is not just about taste .	pos_neg	15572
He had time to work on it .	He did not have time to work on it .	pos_neg	15573
Because people are stupid .	Because people are not stupid .	pos_neg	15574
Awards are given in every country each year .	Awards are not given in every country each year .	pos_neg	15575
De Villiers minced his words .	De Villiers did not mince his words .	pos_neg	15576
Consummation of the tender offer is a condition to the Acquisition .	Consummation of the tender offer is not a condition to the Acquisition .	pos_neg	15577
Football is the end-all , be-all .	Football is not the end-all , be-all .	pos_neg	15578
You end up with people who are nearly of the same quality .	You end up with people who are not nearly of the same quality .	pos_neg	15579
Finally , you need to stop eating eggs .	Finally , you do not need to stop eating eggs .	pos_neg	15580
Despite the continuing economic boom the poor have benefited .	Despite the continuing economic boom the poor have not benefited .	pos_neg	15581
Colbert wants to see a human being discarded .	Colbert does not want to see a human being discarded .	pos_neg	15582
I am going to deny that .	I am not going to deny that .	pos_neg	15583
Lindgren gave up .	Lindgren did not give up .	pos_neg	15584
" I am Arvid Jansen , " Petterson says .	" I am not Arvid Jansen , " Petterson says .	pos_neg	15585
I was willing to that risk .	I was not willing to that risk .	pos_neg	15586
Huawei has invented many original products .	Huawei has not invented many original products .	pos_neg	15587
But that means it went unnoticed .	But that does not mean it went unnoticed .	pos_neg	15588
Footage of the actual shooting was made public .	Footage of the actual shooting was not made public .	pos_neg	15589
Simply transplanting MSCs into the animals ' livers was effective .	Simply transplanting MSCs into the animals ' livers was not effective .	pos_neg	15590
I blame those who want to come here .	I do not blame those who want to come here .	pos_neg	15591
I hope you are moving in this direction .	I hope you are not moving in this direction .	pos_neg	15592
I am beginning to wish I had .	I am beginning to wish I had not .	pos_neg	15593
Winehouse and Fielder-Civil were in the house at the time .	Winehouse and Fielder-Civil were not in the house at the time .	pos_neg	15594
Such a reaction was always expected when the show debuted this summer .	Such a reaction was not always expected when the show debuted this summer .	pos_neg	15595
" It is just a business , " Glennon said .	" It is not just a business , " Glennon said .	pos_neg	15596
I had embezzled .	I had not embezzled .	pos_neg	15597
that we want to cross borders .	that we do not want to cross borders .	pos_neg	15598
Minelli said using cars for suicides was the organization 's idea .	Minelli said using cars for suicides was not the organization 's idea .	pos_neg	15599
They are designed for the Spandex racing crowd .	They are not designed for the Spandex racing crowd .	pos_neg	15600
Adding insult to injury , the workers are paid in cash .	Adding insult to injury , the workers are not paid in cash .	pos_neg	15601
Minghella 's cameo helped .	Minghella 's cameo did not help .	pos_neg	15602
She believed what she was hearing .	She did not believe what she was hearing .	pos_neg	15603
It was possible to confirm the figures independently .	It was not possible to confirm the figures independently .	pos_neg	15604
And it was the first targeted attack the militants carried out .	And it was not the first targeted attack the militants carried out .	pos_neg	15605
Steinbrenner commented as he walked into Yankee Stadium .	Steinbrenner did not comment as he walked into Yankee Stadium .	pos_neg	15606
Rudy Giuliani says he is perfect .	Rudy Giuliani says he is not perfect .	pos_neg	15607
That changes .	That does not change .	pos_neg	15608
" They were losses , " he said .	" They were not losses , " he said .	pos_neg	15609
Erdogan : Until now we have received such a request .	Erdogan : Until now we have not received such a request .	pos_neg	15610
, I think you are .	, I do not think you are .	pos_neg	15611
Policies win elections .	Policies do not win elections .	pos_neg	15612
" They have to , " Parazynski replied with a laugh .	" They do not have to , " Parazynski replied with a laugh .	pos_neg	15613
The younger Stevens has been charged in connection with the probe .	The younger Stevens has not been charged in connection with the probe .	pos_neg	15614
Reality check : this is for everyone .	Reality check : this is not for everyone .	pos_neg	15615
But the truth is , he is right .	But the truth is , he is not right .	pos_neg	15616
Robinson admits to Spurs pressure It is your typical Sesame Street episode .	Robinson admits to Spurs pressure It is not your typical Sesame Street episode .	pos_neg	15617
Details of their child custody arrangement and property division were disclosed .	Details of their child custody arrangement and property division were not disclosed .	pos_neg	15618
We got a good start , but we will keep going .	We did not get a good start , but we will keep going .	pos_neg	15619
His identity was revealed .	His identity was not revealed .	pos_neg	15620
The Internal Revenue Code allows deduction of losses on personal residences .	The Internal Revenue Code does not allow deduction of losses on personal residences .	pos_neg	15621
It was about setting some sort of record .	It was not about setting some sort of record .	pos_neg	15622
Her campaign certainly was .	Her campaign certainly was not .	pos_neg	15623
The staff were injured but were left very distressed , police said .	The staff were not injured but were left very distressed , police said .	pos_neg	15624
To date , digital mapmaking has been very profitable .	To date , digital mapmaking has not been very profitable .	pos_neg	15625
But his is the only killing that Ms. Bhutto 's return evokes .	But his is not the only killing that Ms. Bhutto 's return evokes .	pos_neg	15626
DEAR PHIL : You need your name on the mortgage .	DEAR PHIL : You do not need your name on the mortgage .	pos_neg	15627
I believe that .	I do not believe that .	pos_neg	15628
And we were alone .	And we were not alone .	pos_neg	15629
It was vivid but vague and somewhat confusing .	It was not vivid but vague and somewhat confusing .	pos_neg	15630
Bikinis and chicks work .	Bikinis and chicks do not work .	pos_neg	15631
Mr Monteith 's views are widely held in Scotland .	Mr Monteith 's views are not widely held in Scotland .	pos_neg	15632
This is a give-me-more-food complaint .	This is not a give-me-more-food complaint .	pos_neg	15633
But investors in Erinaceous are that passive and want to see action .	But investors in Erinaceous are not that passive and want to see action .	pos_neg	15634
I needed to .	I did not need to .	pos_neg	15635
But the pay is great .	But the pay is not great .	pos_neg	15636
However , I blame Republicans - I blame the individuals responsible .	However , I do not blame Republicans - I blame the individuals responsible .	pos_neg	15637
I just hope she gets bored of me .	I just hope she does not get bored of me .	pos_neg	15638
All things considered , New Orleans measured up .	All things considered , New Orleans did not measure up .	pos_neg	15639
Berg says he keeps his card-stacking methods a secret .	Berg says he does not keep his card-stacking methods a secret .	pos_neg	15640
She confirmed that nobody had been suspended and the police were involved .	She confirmed that nobody had been suspended and the police were not involved .	pos_neg	15641
Brad Pitt is just another dumb blonde .	Brad Pitt is not just another dumb blonde .	pos_neg	15642
Surfers have been the only targets .	Surfers have not been the only targets .	pos_neg	15643
Israeli officials were immediately available for comment on the latest case .	Israeli officials were not immediately available for comment on the latest case .	pos_neg	15644
The terms of the contract were immediately disclosed .	The terms of the contract were not immediately disclosed .	pos_neg	15645
He panics in front of goal .	He does not panic in front of goal .	pos_neg	15646
The attendant said Alston parked illegally and paid .	The attendant said Alston parked illegally and did not pay .	pos_neg	15647
But I am buying that one .	But I am not buying that one .	pos_neg	15648
Meanwhile , the tweens have to notify their parents .	Meanwhile , the tweens do not have to notify their parents .	pos_neg	15649
I want to be part of that one .	I do not want to be part of that one .	pos_neg	15650
You may ask , but your parents comply .	You may ask , but your parents need not comply .	pos_neg	15651
We are delivering on this promise .	We are not delivering on this promise .	pos_neg	15652
Writing is cathartic but it is curative .	Writing is cathartic but it is not curative .	pos_neg	15653
The repurchase offer was part of a plan to liquidate the Fund .	The repurchase offer was not part of a plan to liquidate the Fund .	pos_neg	15654
Kim Jong Il attended .	Kim Jong Il did not attend .	pos_neg	15655
Traditional ways of doing that through studying operations , they worked .	Traditional ways of doing that through studying operations , they did not work .	pos_neg	15656
The man 's name has been released .	The man 's name has not been released .	pos_neg	15657
We have them .	We do not have them .	pos_neg	15658
You know my world .	You do not know my world .	pos_neg	15659
Mr Seshoka claimed that the shafts had been properly maintained .	Mr Seshoka claimed that the shafts had not been properly maintained .	pos_neg	15660
Ashton is the whole answer .	Ashton is not the whole answer .	pos_neg	15661
Henry VIII had a television and a washing machine .	Henry VIII did not have a television and a washing machine .	pos_neg	15662
It was that his playing lacked power or brightness .	It was not that his playing lacked power or brightness .	pos_neg	15663
Thompson said his visible weight loss was health-related .	Thompson said his visible weight loss was not health-related .	pos_neg	15664
And they are going to be .	And they are not going to be .	pos_neg	15665
I was in the Sudan .	I was not in the Sudan .	pos_neg	15666
She was sexually assaulted .	She was not sexually assaulted .	pos_neg	15667
The sergeant , whose name has been released , has since resigned .	The sergeant , whose name has not been released , has since resigned .	pos_neg	15668
The government gives them conditions .	The government does not give them conditions .	pos_neg	15669
I want to jeopardize losing her .	I do not want to jeopardize losing her .	pos_neg	15670
What was equal was the welcome home .	What was not equal was the welcome home .	pos_neg	15671
The fund is a rescue plan , analysts said .	The fund is not a rescue plan , analysts said .	pos_neg	15672
, which is on the dropout factory list .	, which is not on the dropout factory list .	pos_neg	15673
In Steinbrenner 's eyes , just getting to the postseason is enough .	In Steinbrenner 's eyes , just getting to the postseason is not enough .	pos_neg	15674
Costa has played since he suffered a concussion against Georgia Tech .	Costa has not played since he suffered a concussion against Georgia Tech .	pos_neg	15675
" " The debt has accumulated overnight .	" " The debt has not accumulated overnight .	pos_neg	15676
The statement supported the House resolution .	The statement did not support the House resolution .	pos_neg	15677
It is easy to amend community association documents .	It is not easy to amend community association documents .	pos_neg	15678
" The United States Government does torture , " she withers .	" The United States Government does not do torture , " she withers .	pos_neg	15679
I think Vic Hall was a positive or negative .	I do not think Vic Hall was a positive or negative .	pos_neg	15680
This is like changing family vacation plans .	This is not like changing family vacation plans .	pos_neg	15681
But such laws have stopped legislators .	But such laws have not stopped legislators .	pos_neg	15682
It has been disclosed whom Col Steele lent the phone to .	It has not been disclosed whom Col Steele lent the phone to .	pos_neg	15683
" I think it touched my house , " said Spears .	" I do not think it touched my house , " said Spears .	pos_neg	15684
Now we know that Marcelo reacts well to stimulants .	Now we know that Marcelo does not react well to stimulants .	pos_neg	15685
The lawyers come off as robots or freak shows .	The lawyers do not come off as robots or freak shows .	pos_neg	15686
Government officials were immediately available to confirm the newspaper report .	Government officials were not immediately available to confirm the newspaper report .	pos_neg	15687
He was the only mobster arrested yesterday .	He was not the only mobster arrested yesterday .	pos_neg	15688
But the concern is only about controlled substances .	But the concern is not only about controlled substances .	pos_neg	15689
But the gangs look like going away for good .	But the gangs do not look like going away for good .	pos_neg	15690
The names of the other students were released .	The names of the other students were not released .	pos_neg	15691
I doubt his capabilities .	I do not doubt his capabilities .	pos_neg	15692
The important thing is , we make the same mistakes twice .	The important thing is , we do not make the same mistakes twice .	pos_neg	15693
Lawyers representing Spears and Federline were available for comment .	Lawyers representing Spears and Federline were not available for comment .	pos_neg	15694
We know how successful their attack was .	We do not know how successful their attack was .	pos_neg	15695
So clearly , it is having the neocortex that is essential .	So clearly , it is not having the neocortex that is essential .	pos_neg	15696
I am sorry , but I am .	I am sorry , but I am not .	pos_neg	15697
They just deserve it whatsoever .	They just do not deserve it whatsoever .	pos_neg	15698
Mr. Bush complained that White House officials were included in the discussions .	Mr. Bush complained that White House officials were not included in the discussions .	pos_neg	15699
The only thing he is doing is hosting the Oscar telecast .	The only thing he is not doing is hosting the Oscar telecast .	pos_neg	15700
The identities of the tourists have been released .	The identities of the tourists have not been released .	pos_neg	15701
You know what the threshold is .	You do not know what the threshold is .	pos_neg	15702
They want to risk missing a hip Jacobs happening .	They do not want to risk missing a hip Jacobs happening .	pos_neg	15703
It is easy but it is the right direction .	It is not easy but it is the right direction .	pos_neg	15704
The 47 million also includes many who could buy insurance but have .	The 47 million also includes many who could buy insurance but have not .	pos_neg	15705
This is the dull nothingness you find in the Egyptian desert .	This is not the dull nothingness you find in the Egyptian desert .	pos_neg	15706
A Merrill spokesman said that Mr Fink was offered the job .	A Merrill spokesman said that Mr Fink was not offered the job .	pos_neg	15707
Officials have said crime reports help .	Officials have said crime reports do not help .	pos_neg	15708
The man 's condition was known last night .	The man 's condition was not known last night .	pos_neg	15709
That is so as it turns out .	That is not so as it turns out .	pos_neg	15710
But Laws is convinced that 3D will replace 2D movies entirely .	But Laws is not convinced that 3D will replace 2D movies entirely .	pos_neg	15711
He said he cared - but it was an ugly spectacle .	He said he did not care - but it was an ugly spectacle .	pos_neg	15712
That possibility seemed to bother the mayor .	That possibility did not seem to bother the mayor .	pos_neg	15713
It was just Muslims who felt this way .	It was not just Muslims who felt this way .	pos_neg	15714
But that distrust was returned .	But that distrust was not returned .	pos_neg	15715
I am gonna let ' em go .	I am not gonna let ' em go .	pos_neg	15716
However , you want a right of first refusal .	However , you do not want a right of first refusal .	pos_neg	15717
I looked over ledges of those unguarded high roads .	I dared not look over ledges of those unguarded high roads .	pos_neg	15718
It was that way .	It was not that way .	pos_neg	15719
The home was damaged in the fire , Brown said .	The home was not damaged in the fire , Brown said .	pos_neg	15720
The experts listed the reported incidents .	The experts did not list the reported incidents .	pos_neg	15721
But that has stopped true believers from spreading the gospel .	But that has not stopped true believers from spreading the gospel .	pos_neg	15722
- Jeremy Maclin made sure Missouri looked past Kansas State .	- Jeremy Maclin made sure Missouri did not look past Kansas State .	pos_neg	15723
Financial terms of the acquisition were announced .	Financial terms of the acquisition were not announced .	pos_neg	15724
The shops have been slow to recognise this .	The shops have not been slow to recognise this .	pos_neg	15725
And it has happened by accident .	And it has not happened by accident .	pos_neg	15726
" " Some people think they should be in cages .	" " Some people do not think they should be in cages .	pos_neg	15727
The prime minister has a problem with it .	The prime minister does not have a problem with it .	pos_neg	15728
We have asked her to do a whole lot .	We have not asked her to do a whole lot .	pos_neg	15729
TYSON : They believed in the mid-1990s .	TYSON : They did not believe in the mid-1990s .	pos_neg	15730
But Mr. Tory 's persistence saved the religious school issue .	But Mr. Tory 's persistence did not save the religious school issue .	pos_neg	15731
Just so happened it counted .	Just so happened it did not count .	pos_neg	15732
Wanting things to be so makes them so .	Wanting things to be so does not make them so .	pos_neg	15733
Wakiya can be fun , except when it is .	Wakiya can be fun , except when it is not .	pos_neg	15734
The unions have ruled out industrial action .	The unions have not ruled out industrial action .	pos_neg	15735
He ruled out further news programming based on how things go .	He did not rule out further news programming based on how things go .	pos_neg	15736
However , he confirmed suggestions that she had been raped .	However , he did not confirm suggestions that she had been raped .	pos_neg	15737
The Rockies have determined their schedule beyond Wednesday 's workout .	The Rockies have not determined their schedule beyond Wednesday 's workout .	pos_neg	15738
I wanted to get that penalty again .	I did not want to get that penalty again .	pos_neg	15739
In addition , vitamins are recommended for heart disease prevention .	In addition , vitamins are not recommended for heart disease prevention .	pos_neg	15740
" I care about that , " Henin said .	" I do not care about that , " Henin said .	pos_neg	15741
People cannot be fulfilled in their work if they are known .	People cannot be fulfilled in their work if they are not known .	pos_neg	15742
Yeager seems interested in small talk .	Yeager does not seem interested in small talk .	pos_neg	15743
It is too late !	It is not too late !	pos_neg	15744
Grand Central Publishing returned messages seeking comment .	Grand Central Publishing did not return messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	15745
We know what Colbert 's platform would be .	We do not know what Colbert 's platform would be .	pos_neg	15746
It was clear if the gunman was among the dead .	It was not clear if the gunman was among the dead .	pos_neg	15747
" I know the exact number , " he says .	" I do not know the exact number , " he says .	pos_neg	15748
But they say the violence meets the legal definition of genocide .	But they say the violence does not meet the legal definition of genocide .	pos_neg	15749
We have seen him in New York for years .	We have not seen him in New York for years .	pos_neg	15750
The most exciting athletes are the ones who have a weakness .	The most exciting athletes are the ones who do not have a weakness .	pos_neg	15751
The official was authorized to speak for attribution on the oil contract .	The official was not authorized to speak for attribution on the oil contract .	pos_neg	15752
It is the first time JetBlue has dropped markets .	It is not the first time JetBlue has dropped markets .	pos_neg	15753
" I think there is a blueprint , " Ashton said .	" I do not think there is a blueprint , " Ashton said .	pos_neg	15754
This , it turns out , is hyperbole .	This , it turns out , is not hyperbole .	pos_neg	15755
Tell me that is a dead idea .	Tell me that is not a dead idea .	pos_neg	15756
He lingers in hospital late into the evening .	He does not linger in hospital late into the evening .	pos_neg	15757
Vincent said he knew how advanced the alleged plot was .	Vincent said he did not know how advanced the alleged plot was .	pos_neg	15758
The call him " Lucky Jack " for nothing .	The do not call him " Lucky Jack " for nothing .	pos_neg	15759
" It is over , " International captain Gary Player said .	" It is not over , " International captain Gary Player said .	pos_neg	15760
Alas , it was enough .	Alas , it was not enough .	pos_neg	15761
Tomlinson had turned around and the ball went right to Johnson .	Tomlinson had not turned around and the ball went right to Johnson .	pos_neg	15762
Obama voted on that measure .	Obama did not vote on that measure .	pos_neg	15763
But Helles agrees with some of Abbas 's recent decisions .	But Helles does not agree with some of Abbas 's recent decisions .	pos_neg	15764
It is exhausting work , and he receives many accolades .	It is exhausting work , and he does not receive many accolades .	pos_neg	15765
Johnson named Washington to lead the panel .	Johnson did not name Washington to lead the panel .	pos_neg	15766
This is necessarily so .	This is not necessarily so .	pos_neg	15767
But one veteran fashionista says that is a reality .	But one veteran fashionista says that is not a reality .	pos_neg	15768
I saw this happening .	I did not see this happening .	pos_neg	15769
Then , you will feel groggy if you get it .	Then , you will feel groggy if you do not get it .	pos_neg	15770
In Scotland , it has been revalued since .	In Scotland , it has not been revalued since .	pos_neg	15771
We fear it .	We do not fear it .	pos_neg	15772
Masters had the violent response that police suspected he would .	Masters did not have the violent response that police suspected he would .	pos_neg	15773
" " Let the olive branch fall from my hands .	" " Do not let the olive branch fall from my hands .	pos_neg	15774
They also ruled out smokers , and the results changed .	They also ruled out smokers , and the results did not change .	pos_neg	15775
He said the Taliban had a commander called Mullah Mateen .	He said the Taliban did not have a commander called Mullah Mateen .	pos_neg	15776
" They want people to know , " she said .	" They do not want people to know , " she said .	pos_neg	15777
His sexuality was an issue at the trial .	His sexuality was not an issue at the trial .	pos_neg	15778
But she was fine .	But she was not fine .	pos_neg	15779
The Scottish Government was immediately available for comment .	The Scottish Government was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	15780
But that gap is going to be filled by the donor community .	But that gap is not going to be filled by the donor community .	pos_neg	15781
The precautions seem standard , but surprisingly are universal .	The precautions seem standard , but surprisingly are not universal .	pos_neg	15782
The soldiers know what they are doing .	The soldiers do not know what they are doing .	pos_neg	15783
Blackpool announced Perry 's death yesterday but gave further details .	Blackpool announced Perry 's death yesterday but did not give further details .	pos_neg	15784
These were irrational opinions .	These were not irrational opinions .	pos_neg	15785
Afghanistan is .	Afghanistan is not .	pos_neg	15786
.They live for life , they live for death .	.They do not live for life , they live for death .	pos_neg	15787
And the third one was the only one that was sold out .	And the third one was the only one that was not sold out .	pos_neg	15788
As a policy , Disney offers earnings guidance .	As a policy , Disney does not offer earnings guidance .	pos_neg	15789
Immigration is new to Riverside .	Immigration is not new to Riverside .	pos_neg	15790
After you take the first dose , you feel immediately better .	After you take the first dose , you do not feel immediately better .	pos_neg	15791
The cities were identified .	The cities were not identified .	pos_neg	15792
But the nutritional differences between the two are so great .	But the nutritional differences between the two are not so great .	pos_neg	15793
Then again , maybe staying home is such a bad option .	Then again , maybe staying home is not such a bad option .	pos_neg	15794
1105 : England , of course , are in action today .	1105 : England , of course , are not in action today .	pos_neg	15795
They 've stopped .	They 've not stopped .	pos_neg	15796
Much of the speech was carried live but those comments were aired .	Much of the speech was carried live but those comments were not aired .	pos_neg	15797
My friends try to help , but I think they understand .	My friends try to help , but I do not think they understand .	pos_neg	15798
When you do that , you are going to get beat .	When you do not do that , you are going to get beat .	pos_neg	15799
Coughlin wanted his players merely to erase their memories .	Coughlin did not want his players merely to erase their memories .	pos_neg	15800
It was a pleasant experience .	It was not a pleasant experience .	pos_neg	15801
It insisted the plans were a response to current market weakness .	It insisted the plans were not a response to current market weakness .	pos_neg	15802
The Company has asset-backed securities in its investment portfolio .	The Company does NOT have asset-backed securities in its investment portfolio .	pos_neg	15803
Or maybe they just care .	Or maybe they just do not care .	pos_neg	15804
He knew the name of it .	He did not know the name of it .	pos_neg	15805
Dr Griffin is a Middle East Expert .	Dr Griffin is not a Middle East Expert .	pos_neg	15806
They have had an attack like that since .	They have not had an attack like that since .	pos_neg	15807
I want that .	I do not want that .	pos_neg	15808
But I know .	But I do not know .	pos_neg	15809
I am sure what role I will play in all five companies .	I am not sure what role I will play in all five companies .	pos_neg	15810
This is just a female thing .	This is not just a female thing .	pos_neg	15811
Piven said he knows what to expect from his concert role .	Piven said he does not know what to expect from his concert role .	pos_neg	15812
Drinan says she wants to alter the family routine .	Drinan says she does not want to alter the family routine .	pos_neg	15813
Saying something like that demeans me , it demeans them .	Saying something like that does not demean me , it demeans them .	pos_neg	15814
But the film 's vision was Mitchell 's .	But the film 's vision was not Mitchell 's .	pos_neg	15815
And that is his makeup .	And that is not his makeup .	pos_neg	15816
Telephone calls to Glass 's attorney and his family were immediately returned .	Telephone calls to Glass 's attorney and his family were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	15817
He responded to a request for comment last week .	He did not respond to a request for comment last week .	pos_neg	15818
Yet Obama equates defending employees with demonizing employers .	Yet Obama does not equate defending employees with demonizing employers .	pos_neg	15819
But one part of the church was part of the audit .	But one part of the church was not part of the audit .	pos_neg	15820
He led the most laps at Lowe 's Motor Speedway .	He did not lead the most laps at Lowe 's Motor Speedway .	pos_neg	15821
11 attacks and has given Bush reason for doubt since .	11 attacks and has not given Bush reason for doubt since .	pos_neg	15822
Police said Williams was from Canada , but knew which city .	Police said Williams was from Canada , but did not know which city .	pos_neg	15823
But it is always love at first surf for parents .	But it is not always love at first surf for parents .	pos_neg	15824
Roddick 's coach , Jimmy Connors , attended the Masters Cup .	Roddick 's coach , Jimmy Connors , did not attend the Masters Cup .	pos_neg	15825
But we were compared .	But we were not compared .	pos_neg	15826
They respect the privacy of their own people .	They do not respect the privacy of their own people .	pos_neg	15827
Al-Lahim says the photo showed his client in a compromising position .	Al-Lahim says the photo did not show his client in a compromising position .	pos_neg	15828
" They are going to take it seriously , " she said .	" They are not going to take it seriously , " she said .	pos_neg	15829
But the game assuredly is like that now .	But the game assuredly is not like that now .	pos_neg	15830
Cherif 's husband , Ahmat Soubiane , was there .	Cherif 's husband , Ahmat Soubiane , was not there .	pos_neg	15831
It is just old money that makes this city go round .	It is not just old money that makes this city go round .	pos_neg	15832
In Squeeze , I was the dictator .	In Squeeze , I was not the dictator .	pos_neg	15833
She disparages the father in front of the son .	She does not disparage the father in front of the son .	pos_neg	15834
It is a zero-sum game .	It is not a zero-sum game .	pos_neg	15835
We have found a material to which we cannot apply it .	We have not found a material to which we cannot apply it .	pos_neg	15836
The car hit another vehicle and no one was hurt .	The car did not hit another vehicle and no one was hurt .	pos_neg	15837
That is really an option for a customer-based civilian business .	That is not really an option for a customer-based civilian business .	pos_neg	15838
They provided details .	They did not provide details .	pos_neg	15839
International dialling code : + 962 Anderson has been charged .	International dialling code : + 962 Anderson has not been charged .	pos_neg	15840
A pullback is unexpected following such gains .	A pullback is not unexpected following such gains .	pos_neg	15841
Seeming is great , but seeming is voting .	Seeming is great , but seeming is not voting .	pos_neg	15842
It is religious .	It is not religious .	pos_neg	15843
The thinking has been that the audio quality is good enough .	The thinking has been that the audio quality is not good enough .	pos_neg	15844
This boy 's fazed .	This boy 's not fazed .	pos_neg	15845
I am sure I agree .	I am not sure I agree .	pos_neg	15846
Manning said it seems possible she could have killed herself .	Manning said it does not seem possible she could have killed herself .	pos_neg	15847
The poor results were unexpected .	The poor results were not unexpected .	pos_neg	15848
Kaczynski said Poland is a democratic country whose government controls elections .	Kaczynski said Poland is a democratic country whose government does not control elections .	pos_neg	15849
" We buy the best toilet paper , " Buechel said .	" We do not buy the best toilet paper , " Buechel said .	pos_neg	15850
Mr Ibrahim said whether he would target the Chinese engineers .	Mr Ibrahim did not say whether he would target the Chinese engineers .	pos_neg	15851
( AP ) - Joe Torre knew they wanted him back .	( AP ) - Joe Torre knew they did not want him back .	pos_neg	15852
An IMG spokesman responded to a telephone message requesting a comment .	An IMG spokesman did not respond to a telephone message requesting a comment .	pos_neg	15853
It was the only such case .	It was not the only such case .	pos_neg	15854
" They are healthy foods , " she said .	" They are not healthy foods , " she said .	pos_neg	15855
Actually , it was .	Actually , it was not .	pos_neg	15856
It is normally seen after September .	It is not normally seen after September .	pos_neg	15857
Franklin cautions that the foregoing list is exhaustive .	Franklin cautions that the foregoing list is not exhaustive .	pos_neg	15858
Barack Obama was born in the 1960s , but is of them .	Barack Obama was born in the 1960s , but is not of them .	pos_neg	15859
But blogs are necessarily moneymakers .	But blogs are not necessarily moneymakers .	pos_neg	15860
The Company assumes a duty to update these forward- looking statements .	The Company does not assume a duty to update these forward- looking statements .	pos_neg	15861
The money 's actually misplaced , just inexplicably frittered away .	The money 's not actually misplaced , just inexplicably frittered away .	pos_neg	15862
Tall , tanned , athletic - he is the prototypical computer nerd .	Tall , tanned , athletic - he is not the prototypical computer nerd .	pos_neg	15863
He is making excuses .	He is not making excuses .	pos_neg	15864
But the Food and Drug Administration was keeping a close watch .	But the Food and Drug Administration was not keeping a close watch .	pos_neg	15865
State officials said they were surprised by the findings .	State officials said they were not surprised by the findings .	pos_neg	15866
It mattered too that it is in another language .	It did not matter too that it is in another language .	pos_neg	15867
He is sure whether his Guard membership cost him that job .	He is not sure whether his Guard membership cost him that job .	pos_neg	15868
-- Derrick Rose took long to adjust to the college game .	-- Derrick Rose did not take long to adjust to the college game .	pos_neg	15869
" Unfortunately we got that last yard , " he said .	" Unfortunately we did not get that last yard , " he said .	pos_neg	15870
The right-to-know legislation allows unfettered access to sensitive information .	The right-to-know legislation does not allow unfettered access to sensitive information .	pos_neg	15871
And yet Edwards 's call of conscience has resonated .	And yet Edwards 's call of conscience has not resonated .	pos_neg	15872
The reality is that you achieve peace through weakness and appeasement .	The reality is that you do not achieve peace through weakness and appeasement .	pos_neg	15873
Police checks are needed to get a visa .	Police checks are NOT needed to get a visa .	pos_neg	15874
They got their application in but got their license .	They got their application in but did not get their license .	pos_neg	15875
And he is one of those evil bloodsucking vampires .	And he is not one of those evil bloodsucking vampires .	pos_neg	15876
However , your boyfriend is eligible for a $ 250,000 exemption .	However , your boyfriend is not eligible for a $ 250,000 exemption .	pos_neg	15877
The report said where the Watsons flew in from .	The report did not say where the Watsons flew in from .	pos_neg	15878
But that is what Tchaikovsky 's music has in mind .	But that is not what Tchaikovsky 's music has in mind .	pos_neg	15879
That is a media phrase and it applies here .	That is a media phrase and it does not apply here .	pos_neg	15880
I am a political monk .	I am not a political monk .	pos_neg	15881
Belief is something we are struggling with .	Belief is not something we are struggling with .	pos_neg	15882
Thompson so far has appeared eager to climb back in .	Thompson so far has not appeared eager to climb back in .	pos_neg	15883
That is good .	That is not good .	pos_neg	15884
My kitchen floor 's dirty - the dog 's doing his job .	My kitchen floor 's dirty - the dog 's not doing his job .	pos_neg	15885
This is unusual .	This is not unusual .	pos_neg	15886
But he is gone .	But he is not gone .	pos_neg	15887
A spokesman for Camden County returned a call seeking comment .	A spokesman for Camden County did not return a call seeking comment .	pos_neg	15888
It is clear why the Justice Department is focusing on French .	It is not clear why the Justice Department is focusing on French .	pos_neg	15889
'I am from here .	'I am not from here .	pos_neg	15890
And I take money from Washington lobbyists .	And I do not take money from Washington lobbyists .	pos_neg	15891
" " They trust it .	" " They do not trust it .	pos_neg	15892
Other parents argue fines change their kids ' behaviour .	Other parents argue fines do not change their kids ' behaviour .	pos_neg	15893
SOURCE Mental Health America They stick out .	SOURCE Mental Health America They do not stick out .	pos_neg	15894
At this time last year we did that .	At this time last year we did not do that .	pos_neg	15895
Maybe now the conquered empire looks so evil .	Maybe now the conquered empire does not look so evil .	pos_neg	15896
' " That Mr. Buckman is a cast member has swayed them .	' " That Mr. Buckman is a cast member has not swayed them .	pos_neg	15897
But it works .	But it does not work .	pos_neg	15898
French man cooks up world 's largest barbecue And Photoshopping counts .	French man cooks up world 's largest barbecue And Photoshopping does not count .	pos_neg	15899
Details of Castro 's health have leaked from his water-tight inner circle .	Details of Castro 's health have not leaked from his water-tight inner circle .	pos_neg	15900
It turned out they were .	It turned out they were not .	pos_neg	15901
Healthy people generally are threatened by it .	Healthy people generally are not threatened by it .	pos_neg	15902
According to a league statement , new wage proposals are being imposed .	According to a league statement , new wage proposals are not being imposed .	pos_neg	15903
The report addresses the potential impact on homeowners .	The report does not address the potential impact on homeowners .	pos_neg	15904
To restate , we really know what causes inflation .	To restate , we really do not know what causes inflation .	pos_neg	15905
But he is going to go .	But he is not going to go .	pos_neg	15906
If such projects arrive on time , there could be overcrowding .	If such projects do not arrive on time , there could be overcrowding .	pos_neg	15907
But the change in colors helped Arizona 's slumping bats .	But the change in colors did not help Arizona 's slumping bats .	pos_neg	15908
I thought enough about the singing and dancing part .	I did not think enough about the singing and dancing part .	pos_neg	15909
A Wal-Mart spokesman was immediately available for comment .	A Wal-Mart spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	15910
Her identity was immediately released .	Her identity was not immediately released .	pos_neg	15911
It is clear whether he jumped or fell off the boat .	It is not clear whether he jumped or fell off the boat .	pos_neg	15912
I was afraid again .	I was not afraid again .	pos_neg	15913
Police have ruled out that the killer could be female .	Police have not ruled out that the killer could be female .	pos_neg	15914
Abductions have declined but have stopped altogether .	Abductions have declined but have not stopped altogether .	pos_neg	15915
Terrorism , however , is the only worry in Afghanistan .	Terrorism , however , is not the only worry in Afghanistan .	pos_neg	15916
It sparked confidence if Eli Manning were to get hurt .	It did not spark confidence if Eli Manning were to get hurt .	pos_neg	15917
Too many students think they deserve better treatment , she said .	Too many students think they do not deserve better treatment , she said .	pos_neg	15918
Boroughmuir beat us , he did .	Boroughmuir did not beat us , he did .	pos_neg	15919
But sorting out what funds go where is always easy .	But sorting out what funds go where is not always easy .	pos_neg	15920
" I am surprised he has donated more , " FitzSimmonds said .	" I am surprised he has not donated more , " FitzSimmonds said .	pos_neg	15921
We turned away from the world - we embraced it .	We did not turn away from the world - we embraced it .	pos_neg	15922
" Real change is measured in photo ops , " he added .	" Real change is not measured in photo ops , " he added .	pos_neg	15923
Financial terms of the agreement were announced .	Financial terms of the agreement were not announced .	pos_neg	15924
But we are deterred .	But we are not deterred .	pos_neg	15925
A. We are perfect .	A. We are not perfect .	pos_neg	15926
Grampian Police said the fire appeared suspicious .	Grampian Police said the fire did not appear suspicious .	pos_neg	15927
" We played good , " ASU coach Dennis Erickson said .	" We did not play good , " ASU coach Dennis Erickson said .	pos_neg	15928
The museum relied on its own judgment .	The museum did not rely on its own judgment .	pos_neg	15929
Sousa said Murat 's status as a suspect had changed .	Sousa said Murat 's status as a suspect had not changed .	pos_neg	15930
Successful entrepreneurs agonize over problems .	Successful entrepreneurs do not agonize over problems .	pos_neg	15931
The electricity law has been made public , and details are unclear .	The electricity law has not been made public , and details are unclear .	pos_neg	15932
The brand is recognized , but the brand can be built .	The brand is not recognized , but the brand can be built .	pos_neg	15933
The game 's that easy and he is making it look ridiculous .	The game 's not that easy and he is making it look ridiculous .	pos_neg	15934
It explains Brady 's accuracy under pressure .	It does not explain Brady 's accuracy under pressure .	pos_neg	15935
" This is a wailing wall , " he says .	" This is not a wailing wall , " he says .	pos_neg	15936
That negates the possibility that he believes every word he says .	That does not negate the possibility that he believes every word he says .	pos_neg	15937
Non-Muslims are allowed there .	Non-Muslims are not allowed there .	pos_neg	15938
He needed to .	He did not need to .	pos_neg	15939
She was intimidated by the gathering .	She was not intimidated by the gathering .	pos_neg	15940
The false impression seems to bother him .	The false impression does not seem to bother him .	pos_neg	15941
But the facts were long in coming .	But the facts were not long in coming .	pos_neg	15942
Vance says she is looking past that date .	Vance says she is not looking past that date .	pos_neg	15943
Foligno had a neck sprain and returned .	Foligno had a neck sprain and did not return .	pos_neg	15944
She was upset that Sperlik had gotten more prison time .	She was upset that Sperlik had not gotten more prison time .	pos_neg	15945
You have to tell them that .	You do not have to tell them that .	pos_neg	15946
Hayslett 's instruments come cheap .	Hayslett 's instruments do not come cheap .	pos_neg	15947
I think you need the word .	I do not think you need the word .	pos_neg	15948
He had an attorney at the hearing .	He did not have an attorney at the hearing .	pos_neg	15949
But what she did is something you should emulate .	But what she did is not something you should emulate .	pos_neg	15950
There has to be an underlying offense or crime .	There does not have to be an underlying offense or crime .	pos_neg	15951
This is the only Anglicism we immediately encounter .	This is not the only Anglicism we immediately encounter .	pos_neg	15952
I am gonna lie , I was broke .	I am not gonna lie , I was broke .	pos_neg	15953
There is a Holyrood election for four years .	There is not a Holyrood election for four years .	pos_neg	15954
A specific release date has been set , however , he said .	A specific release date has not been set , however , he said .	pos_neg	15955
" Abuse is uncommon in Haitian families , " she says .	" Abuse is not uncommon in Haitian families , " she says .	pos_neg	15956
" We buy the best toilet paper , " he joked .	" We do not buy the best toilet paper , " he joked .	pos_neg	15957
She knows there is a bogeyman waiting behind every bush .	She knows there is not a bogeyman waiting behind every bush .	pos_neg	15958
His record company was amused , and he swiftly apologized without recanting .	His record company was not amused , and he swiftly apologized without recanting .	pos_neg	15959
Other students say that they have a choice .	Other students say that they do not have a choice .	pos_neg	15960
I know how you 'd say we struck up a relationship .	I do not know how you 'd say we struck up a relationship .	pos_neg	15961
Some players saw how that was possible .	Some players did not see how that was possible .	pos_neg	15962
Last time I checked , Sweden invaded Iraq .	Last time I checked , Sweden did not invade Iraq .	pos_neg	15963
Villagers said they had been properly compensated for their losses .	Villagers said they had not been properly compensated for their losses .	pos_neg	15964
All actors , it seems , are Ronald Reagan .	All actors , it seems , are not Ronald Reagan .	pos_neg	15965
He gave specific details .	He did not give specific details .	pos_neg	15966
The condition of the third was immediately released .	The condition of the third was not immediately released .	pos_neg	15967
" I need help , " he said .	" I do not need help , " he said .	pos_neg	15968
'This level of growth is sustainable .	'This level of growth is not sustainable .	pos_neg	15969
He said he knew who bought it .	He said he did not know who bought it .	pos_neg	15970
It is likely to be .	It is not likely to be .	pos_neg	15971
No , we are militant .	No , we are not militant .	pos_neg	15972
Consequently , body temperature decreases in surgical patients who are actively warmed .	Consequently , body temperature decreases in surgical patients who are not actively warmed .	pos_neg	15973
Specifics of the delay and the funds were clear .	Specifics of the delay and the funds were not clear .	pos_neg	15974
Check your accounts daily for any activity you initiated .	Check your accounts daily for any activity you did not initiate .	pos_neg	15975
But she has recorded it .	But she has not recorded it .	pos_neg	15976
A car rental location fee of about $ 35 is included .	A car rental location fee of about $ 35 is not included .	pos_neg	15977
" I accept that , " responded Ms Dick .	" I do not accept that , " responded Ms Dick .	pos_neg	15978
For a reporter , they are that uncommon .	For a reporter , they are not that uncommon .	pos_neg	15979
Mottaki commented about the call for talks .	Mottaki did not comment about the call for talks .	pos_neg	15980
The program is mentioned in Carmona 's report .	The program is not mentioned in Carmona 's report .	pos_neg	15981
Just so long as you had to see them yourself .	Just so long as you did not have to see them yourself .	pos_neg	15982
She says she is intimidated by the attack .	She says she is not intimidated by the attack .	pos_neg	15983
The cause of Parrack 's death had been released .	The cause of Parrack 's death had not been released .	pos_neg	15984
Again , I am trying to pass the buck .	Again , I am not trying to pass the buck .	pos_neg	15985
His body was discovered for three days .	His body was not discovered for three days .	pos_neg	15986
Some of the investigations themselves are particularly engaging .	Some of the investigations themselves are not particularly engaging .	pos_neg	15987
I covered the net quite as well .	I did not cover the net quite as well .	pos_neg	15988
It rises up at a protest rally .	It does not rise up at a protest rally .	pos_neg	15989
There are some things we simply know .	There are some things we simply do not know .	pos_neg	15990
Brokers expect a great improvement in the first half of 2008 .	Brokers do not expect a great improvement in the first half of 2008 .	pos_neg	15991
Mr. Nowinski contested the description in an interview .	Mr. Nowinski did not contest the description in an interview .	pos_neg	15992
That may sound like Fairytale , but they are the same .	That may sound like Fairytale , but they are not the same .	pos_neg	15993
The Tigers waited long to answer .	The Tigers did not wait long to answer .	pos_neg	15994
Only one problem : they spoke English .	Only one problem : they did not speak English .	pos_neg	15995
Cohen shakes his head as if to say it is that simple .	Cohen shakes his head as if to say it is not that simple .	pos_neg	15996
She thinks that putting together the agreement is unromantic .	She does not think that putting together the agreement is unromantic .	pos_neg	15997
The names of the missing boxers were immediately available .	The names of the missing boxers were not immediately available .	pos_neg	15998
The tribunal 's president said he knew it .	The tribunal 's president said he did not know it .	pos_neg	15999
CD sales alone just cut it these days .	CD sales alone just do not cut it these days .	pos_neg	16000
It is associated with Kaiser Permanente or Kaiser Industries .	It is not associated with Kaiser Permanente or Kaiser Industries .	pos_neg	16001
The commission 's discussions are public .	The commission 's discussions are not public .	pos_neg	16002
You care a damn what other people do after you .	You do not care a damn what other people do after you .	pos_neg	16003
But tackling is on the top line of Robertson 's job description .	But tackling is not on the top line of Robertson 's job description .	pos_neg	16004
Flying in economy class has to be a miserable experience .	Flying in economy class does not have to be a miserable experience .	pos_neg	16005
The death was related to the norovirus outbreak .	The death was not related to the norovirus outbreak .	pos_neg	16006
It was clear if the timing was a coincidence .	It was not clear if the timing was a coincidence .	pos_neg	16007
It was comical .	It was not comical .	pos_neg	16008
I really think that is an unachievable dream .	I really do not think that is an unachievable dream .	pos_neg	16009
We are interested in political takeover .	We are not interested in political takeover .	pos_neg	16010
I am sure what the truth is .	I am not sure what the truth is .	pos_neg	16011
" We have a cat , " he said .	" We do not have a cat , " he said .	pos_neg	16012
The operation appeared to be related to the kidnapping .	The operation did not appear to be related to the kidnapping .	pos_neg	16013
I have a glittering academic career .	I do not have a glittering academic career .	pos_neg	16014
You know it has worked and we cannot afford it anyway .	You know it has not worked and we cannot afford it anyway .	pos_neg	16015
But I think she can get over 50 percent .	But I do not think she can get over 50 percent .	pos_neg	16016
And let 's dare talk about profiling .	And let 's not dare talk about profiling .	pos_neg	16017
It was his blue-collar balladry that had always inspired me .	It was not his blue-collar balladry that had always inspired me .	pos_neg	16018
" They are on a political suicide mission , " she said .	" They are not on a political suicide mission , " she said .	pos_neg	16019
Barnes & Noble has changed its mind .	Barnes & Noble has not changed its mind .	pos_neg	16020
The White House responded to a request for comment on Sunday .	The White House did not respond to a request for comment on Sunday .	pos_neg	16021
" I am a perfect man , " the senator said .	" I am not a perfect man , " the senator said .	pos_neg	16022
It is good for American jobs .	It is not good for American jobs .	pos_neg	16023
Maybe , but the CBS report came close to proving it .	Maybe , but the CBS report did not come close to proving it .	pos_neg	16024
I was upset .	I was not upset .	pos_neg	16025
Pima County prosecutors intend to prosecute Malvo or Muhammad .	Pima County prosecutors do not intend to prosecute Malvo or Muhammad .	pos_neg	16026
Our organization is saying they have been engaged in such an act .	Our organization is saying they have not been engaged in such an act .	pos_neg	16027
A long resume guarantees good judgment .	A long resume does not guarantee good judgment .	pos_neg	16028
... I just grieve that way .	... I just do not grieve that way .	pos_neg	16029
Ah , but it is as easy as that , Mr. Leader .	Ah , but it is not as easy as that , Mr. Leader .	pos_neg	16030
Bradley was available for comment yesterday .	Bradley was not available for comment yesterday .	pos_neg	16031
" This is something that is unusual , " he said .	" This is something that is not unusual , " he said .	pos_neg	16032
id = 1794942007 That , however , is the answer Harris offers .	id = 1794942007 That , however , is not the answer Harris offers .	pos_neg	16033
But Mr Bromley is particularly worried .	But Mr Bromley is not particularly worried .	pos_neg	16034
I think you could have avoided it .	I do not think you could have avoided it .	pos_neg	16035
Calls to the Vatican spokesman in Rome were successful late Monday .	Calls to the Vatican spokesman in Rome were not successful late Monday .	pos_neg	16036
Haggling is a dirty word here .	Haggling is not a dirty word here .	pos_neg	16037
" He said ' No I am signing the ticket .	" He said ' No I am not signing the ticket .	pos_neg	16038
" Most people want government-run health insurance , " he said .	" Most people do not want government-run health insurance , " he said .	pos_neg	16039
Madison said he gambled , drink or use drugs .	Madison said he did not gamble , drink or use drugs .	pos_neg	16040
Beyond October or the weekend , bet too heavily on it .	Beyond October or the weekend , do not bet too heavily on it .	pos_neg	16041
We have to sneak vegetables under the rug .	We do not have to sneak vegetables under the rug .	pos_neg	16042
It was live from New York as usual .	It was not live from New York as usual .	pos_neg	16043
I had time to think what I was doing .	I did not have time to think what I was doing .	pos_neg	16044
That is a joke , by the way .	That is not a joke , by the way .	pos_neg	16045
Safin though says he has given up hope .	Safin though says he has not given up hope .	pos_neg	16046
The draft has been endorsed by the full committee .	The draft has not been endorsed by the full committee .	pos_neg	16047
Sorensen 's head has been found .	Sorensen 's head has not been found .	pos_neg	16048
Kind of place you wanted to be at night .	Kind of place you did not want to be at night .	pos_neg	16049
A spokesman for Hsu said he had spoken with him .	A spokesman for Hsu said he had not spoken with him .	pos_neg	16050
Beth Regas " I had thought of that , " Schaeffer says .	Beth Regas " I had not thought of that , " Schaeffer says .	pos_neg	16051
But that was entirely true .	But that was not entirely true .	pos_neg	16052
I remember what I ordered .	I do not remember what I ordered .	pos_neg	16053
DURRANI : I have heard his interview myself .	DURRANI : I have not heard his interview myself .	pos_neg	16054
I just care for her .	I just do not care for her .	pos_neg	16055
A lawyer for Morris was immediately available .	A lawyer for Morris was not immediately available .	pos_neg	16056
But it is just Law 's fault this is bad .	But it is not just Law 's fault this is bad .	pos_neg	16057
Somehow Europe was what I would expected .	Somehow Europe was not what I would expected .	pos_neg	16058
This is just about individuals protecting their own identity .	This is not just about individuals protecting their own identity .	pos_neg	16059
Authorities , however , were sympathetic .	Authorities , however , were not sympathetic .	pos_neg	16060
We are going to wait .	We are not going to wait .	pos_neg	16061
So far you have been very positive on that .	So far you have not been very positive on that .	pos_neg	16062
Statements in this release that are historical are forward-looking statements .	Statements in this release that are not historical are forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	16063
It is something we could see happening .	It is not something we could see happening .	pos_neg	16064
But you know .	But you do not know .	pos_neg	16065
" I am an easy fighter to beat , " Holyfield said .	" I am not an easy fighter to beat , " Holyfield said .	pos_neg	16066
But Harrop is deterred .	But Harrop is not deterred .	pos_neg	16067
But it had the major impact Brown had craved .	But it did not have the major impact Brown had craved .	pos_neg	16068
I had a future .	I did not have a future .	pos_neg	16069
Ace 's Southern Cornbread Dressing All is well in the heartland .	Ace 's Southern Cornbread Dressing All is not well in the heartland .	pos_neg	16070
I just have the answer to that .	I just do not have the answer to that .	pos_neg	16071
I am sure he believed me .	I am not sure he believed me .	pos_neg	16072
Additional details were immediately available .	Additional details were not immediately available .	pos_neg	16073
Phillips is alone in his ambivalence .	Phillips is not alone in his ambivalence .	pos_neg	16074
" " I think we are reckless .	" " I do not think we are reckless .	pos_neg	16075
I know why conductors have to look miserable all the time .	I do not know why conductors have to look miserable all the time .	pos_neg	16076
And it was his personality .	And it was not his personality .	pos_neg	16077
Clearly the ICL was the failure that officialdom hoped .	Clearly the ICL was not the failure that officialdom hoped .	pos_neg	16078
The T.S.A. ' s possible interpretation is only dangerous .	The T.S.A. ' s possible interpretation is not only dangerous .	pos_neg	16079
The architecture is the property 's only unusual feature .	The architecture is not the property 's only unusual feature .	pos_neg	16080
It is for nothing that sleep deprivation is a form of torture .	It is not for nothing that sleep deprivation is a form of torture .	pos_neg	16081
There needed to be a winner or a loser .	There did not need to be a winner or a loser .	pos_neg	16082
Again , the American people care about our process .	Again , the American people do not care about our process .	pos_neg	16083
The puppy was hurt , police said .	The puppy was not hurt , police said .	pos_neg	16084
You play as the girl , however .	You do not play as the girl , however .	pos_neg	16085
I am giving up on that dream .	I am not giving up on that dream .	pos_neg	16086
Versions that convey classified information were also provided to the court .	Versions that do not convey classified information were also provided to the court .	pos_neg	16087
Of course that is why I came .	Of course that is not why I came .	pos_neg	16088
I shy away from that .	I do not shy away from that .	pos_neg	16089
They say Pakistan is free , but it is free .	They say Pakistan is free , but it is not free .	pos_neg	16090
So far , it is working very well .	So far , it is not working very well .	pos_neg	16091
I defended Muhammad Ali and Curt Flood when it was chic .	I defended Muhammad Ali and Curt Flood when it was not chic .	pos_neg	16092
It is the old Iron Curtain .	It is not the old Iron Curtain .	pos_neg	16093
And I guarantee those charged with policing Fenway Park mind .	And I guarantee those charged with policing Fenway Park do not mind .	pos_neg	16094
The gay speculation stopped with Justin Timberlake .	The gay speculation did not stop with Justin Timberlake .	pos_neg	16095
They insist they are worried about that happening this season .	They insist they are not worried about that happening this season .	pos_neg	16096
He seems to be very fast .	He does not seem to be very fast .	pos_neg	16097
It is hard to figure out who suffers .	It is not hard to figure out who suffers .	pos_neg	16098
Financial commodity contract settlements are subject to royalties .	Financial commodity contract settlements are not subject to royalties .	pos_neg	16099
Carol asked , but her heart was in it .	Carol asked , but her heart was not in it .	pos_neg	16100
It is all fun and games , though .	It is not all fun and games , though .	pos_neg	16101
Ireland 's an international country and it is difficult to move around .	Ireland 's an international country and it is not difficult to move around .	pos_neg	16102
Mostly , the Giants had enough answers for Romo and Owens .	Mostly , the Giants did not have enough answers for Romo and Owens .	pos_neg	16103
Hsu 's lawyer said he knows where his client is .	Hsu 's lawyer said he does not know where his client is .	pos_neg	16104
And , Klum adds , initially she meant to be host .	And , Klum adds , initially she did not mean to be host .	pos_neg	16105
But think its capabilities are limited to space .	But do not think its capabilities are limited to space .	pos_neg	16106
He needs to practice like a first- or second-year player .	He does not need to practice like a first- or second-year player .	pos_neg	16107
Health care providers and experts are saying it is that simple .	Health care providers and experts are saying it is not that simple .	pos_neg	16108
" That is very close , " he smiled .	" That is not very close , " he smiled .	pos_neg	16109
They had been published .	They had not been published .	pos_neg	16110
" " It is meant as a substitute for going to class .	" " It is not meant as a substitute for going to class .	pos_neg	16111
DASHIV is in town and the celebration has ceased .	DASHIV is in town and the celebration has not ceased .	pos_neg	16112
We are pulling out and we are still interested in the project .	We are not pulling out and we are still interested in the project .	pos_neg	16113
So far , the grand plan is working .	So far , the grand plan is not working .	pos_neg	16114
Females are subject to such pressures .	Females are not subject to such pressures .	pos_neg	16115
Dogs are an accessory to your lifestyle or household .	Dogs are not an accessory to your lifestyle or household .	pos_neg	16116
It is cultural diversity : it is a horror .	It is not cultural diversity : it is a horror .	pos_neg	16117
But they have had the opportunity to test themselves .	But they have not had the opportunity to test themselves .	pos_neg	16118
Georgia 's opposition looks like a credible potential government .	Georgia 's opposition does not look like a credible potential government .	pos_neg	16119
However , it is all doom and gloom in 2008 .	However , it is not all doom and gloom in 2008 .	pos_neg	16120
Some of this is deserved , but a lot is .	Some of this is deserved , but a lot is not .	pos_neg	16121
You subscribe to them but have time to read them .	You subscribe to them but do not have time to read them .	pos_neg	16122
That is the only conundrum for the Bank .	That is not the only conundrum for the Bank .	pos_neg	16123
I had an answer to that .	I did not have an answer to that .	pos_neg	16124
Bowden said the announcement was related to the Mets ' situation .	Bowden said the announcement was not related to the Mets ' situation .	pos_neg	16125
" It is on my radar , " he said .	" It is not on my radar , " he said .	pos_neg	16126
Everyone is telling fish tales about what they did and did .	Everyone is telling fish tales about what they did and did not do .	pos_neg	16127
Speaking to reporters in Abuja , Mr Lukman named specific companies .	Speaking to reporters in Abuja , Mr Lukman did not name specific companies .	pos_neg	16128
It was clear if the firearm was loaded .	It was not clear if the firearm was loaded .	pos_neg	16129
I think the lie thing washes , actually .	I do not think the lie thing washes , actually .	pos_neg	16130
It is okay , you mind .	It is okay , you do not mind .	pos_neg	16131
A message left by ABC News for Giddens was immediately returned .	A message left by ABC News for Giddens was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	16132
Remarkably , it was .	Remarkably , it was not .	pos_neg	16133
I know if it was racism .	I do not know if it was racism .	pos_neg	16134
But they knew the nature of the snag .	But they did not know the nature of the snag .	pos_neg	16135
But again , bagging a star was the original intent .	But again , bagging a star was not the original intent .	pos_neg	16136
But far too many people use it effectively .	But far too many people do not use it effectively .	pos_neg	16137
That is on ( the ) ... agenda .	That is not on ( the ) ... agenda .	pos_neg	16138
Zhu told CNN she has time to be sad .	Zhu told CNN she does not have time to be sad .	pos_neg	16139
A message left with Treciokas on Wednesday was immediately returned .	A message left with Treciokas on Wednesday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	16140
We are minimizing it .	We are not minimizing it .	pos_neg	16141
A message left for Lewitzke 's attorney was immediately returned Wednesday .	A message left for Lewitzke 's attorney was not immediately returned Wednesday .	pos_neg	16142
The start-up was without turmoil .	The start-up was not without turmoil .	pos_neg	16143
The White House challenged Sammon 's account .	The White House did not challenge Sammon 's account .	pos_neg	16144
But that discussion 's carrying on in our locker room .	But that discussion 's not carrying on in our locker room .	pos_neg	16145
For many , it had been a winning day .	For many , it had not been a winning day .	pos_neg	16146
I mean , I know my driving licence number !	I mean , I do not know my driving licence number !	pos_neg	16147
We want some lender to take our hard-earned equity .	We do not want some lender to take our hard-earned equity .	pos_neg	16148
It was a miracle shot , but it is amazing .	It was not a miracle shot , but it is amazing .	pos_neg	16149
During this time they are given food .	During this time they are not given food .	pos_neg	16150
This is hard clinical outcome data .	This is not hard clinical outcome data .	pos_neg	16151
Well , I know who my birth parents are .	Well , I do not know who my birth parents are .	pos_neg	16152
Polls say the majority of French people are behind the unions .	Polls say the majority of French people are not behind the unions .	pos_neg	16153
That is precisely what educators at Hoffman-Boston want to hear .	That is precisely what educators at Hoffman-Boston do not want to hear .	pos_neg	16154
Hollywood set a movie attendance record , though .	Hollywood did not set a movie attendance record , though .	pos_neg	16155
Something smells sour here , and it is just the freaky milk .	Something smells sour here , and it is not just the freaky milk .	pos_neg	16156
The D.C. delegate is allowed to vote on final legislation .	The D.C. delegate is not allowed to vote on final legislation .	pos_neg	16157
" She just seemed to quicken up , " Cecil said .	" She just did not seem to quicken up , " Cecil said .	pos_neg	16158
You have to accept you are going to change this person .	You have to accept you are not going to change this person .	pos_neg	16159
Chicago goalie Nikolai Khabibulin has won in Boston since 1996 .	Chicago goalie Nikolai Khabibulin has not won in Boston since 1996 .	pos_neg	16160
We need to do the traditional things that a campaign does .	We do not need to do the traditional things that a campaign does .	pos_neg	16161
Mr. McCain is the only American who would find it useful reading .	Mr. McCain is not the only American who would find it useful reading .	pos_neg	16162
Wear new shoes on a long flight .	Do not wear new shoes on a long flight .	pos_neg	16163
The pair went missing about 7 p.m. But those purchases are instant .	The pair went missing about 7 p.m. But those purchases are not instant .	pos_neg	16164
It is McCarthy 's best novel .	It is not McCarthy 's best novel .	pos_neg	16165
I over-train them .	I do not over-train them .	pos_neg	16166
Anderson , 40 , commented after the sentence was announced .	Anderson , 40 , did not comment after the sentence was announced .	pos_neg	16167
Turkey 's estimated 15 million Kurds are recognized as an ethnic minority .	Turkey 's estimated 15 million Kurds are not recognized as an ethnic minority .	pos_neg	16168
Wallace family members said Bremer has been punished enough .	Wallace family members said Bremer has not been punished enough .	pos_neg	16169
I believed it was a mistake .	I did not believe it was a mistake .	pos_neg	16170
This time , the Pakistani president was swayed .	This time , the Pakistani president was not swayed .	pos_neg	16171
But he was an ordinary minister .	But he was not an ordinary minister .	pos_neg	16172
Secularism was as modern as many intellectuals imagined , but pluralism is .	Secularism was not as modern as many intellectuals imagined , but pluralism is .	pos_neg	16173
He has spit up a weekend lead in three years .	He has not spit up a weekend lead in three years .	pos_neg	16174
It is that the tests are wrong , scientists say .	It is not that the tests are wrong , scientists say .	pos_neg	16175
We do it .	We do not do it .	pos_neg	16176
Craig has repeatedly said he is homosexual .	Craig has repeatedly said he is not homosexual .	pos_neg	16177
But people are ready to accept change .	But people are not ready to accept change .	pos_neg	16178
The NASDTEC site is open to the public .	The NASDTEC site is not open to the public .	pos_neg	16179
But I know what to do about it .	But I do not know what to do about it .	pos_neg	16180
Reps for Rhys Meyers responded to a request for comment .	Reps for Rhys Meyers did not respond to a request for comment .	pos_neg	16181
Some buildings have buyers or tenants .	Some buildings do not have buyers or tenants .	pos_neg	16182
We got the break we needed .	We did not get the break we needed .	pos_neg	16183
They are going to understand our decision .	They are not going to understand our decision .	pos_neg	16184
It was the first time that Abu Risha has been targeted .	It was not the first time that Abu Risha has been targeted .	pos_neg	16185
Despite the name , they make weapons completely silent .	Despite the name , they do not make weapons completely silent .	pos_neg	16186
What Goodell wants on his hands is a dead shark .	What Goodell does not want on his hands is a dead shark .	pos_neg	16187
Our bell-ringer is ringing music .	Our bell-ringer is not ringing music .	pos_neg	16188
" Go Cubs Go " is a new song , however .	" Go Cubs Go " is not a new song , however .	pos_neg	16189
'Better way' 'Where Peter Crouch gets a game .	'Better way' 'Where Peter Crouch does not get a game .	pos_neg	16190
" It is a relationship with Carla Katz , " Corzine said .	" It is not a relationship with Carla Katz , " Corzine said .	pos_neg	16191
It was immediately clear what will happen next with previous results .	It was not immediately clear what will happen next with previous results .	pos_neg	16192
Republicans said they were concerned .	Republicans said they were not concerned .	pos_neg	16193
Ex-Gangster Helps Guard Against Violence Inspectors were told about the exposure .	Ex-Gangster Helps Guard Against Violence Inspectors were not told about the exposure .	pos_neg	16194
This is to say that securitisation is about to be uninvented .	This is not to say that securitisation is about to be uninvented .	pos_neg	16195
It is clear if he will do the same for Roh .	It is not clear if he will do the same for Roh .	pos_neg	16196
Mr. Morris returned a call for comment on Friday .	Mr. Morris did not return a call for comment on Friday .	pos_neg	16197
But it was working so I went to a clinic .	But it was not working so I went to a clinic .	pos_neg	16198
I just want to lose our good reputation .	I just do not want to lose our good reputation .	pos_neg	16199
Gilbert Adair , in this literary guise , is for you .	Gilbert Adair , in this literary guise , is not for you .	pos_neg	16200
Luckily , Huckabee had enough staff for conventional planning .	Luckily , Huckabee did not have enough staff for conventional planning .	pos_neg	16201
Those in charge wanted to listen .	Those in charge did not want to listen .	pos_neg	16202
Having a lot of money is the worst problem companies could face .	Having a lot of money is not the worst problem companies could face .	pos_neg	16203
And call this waffling .	And do not call this waffling .	pos_neg	16204
The BBC admits its grammatical guidelines are enforced .	The BBC admits its grammatical guidelines are not enforced .	pos_neg	16205
There has been another International Pool Tour event since .	There has not been another International Pool Tour event since .	pos_neg	16206
That could yet happen , but it happened on Sunday .	That could yet happen , but it did not happen on Sunday .	pos_neg	16207
He is saying : I am my father .	He is saying : I am not my father .	pos_neg	16208
Eggermont was connected with the study .	Eggermont was not connected with the study .	pos_neg	16209
I blew my police whistle , she heard it .	I blew my police whistle , she did not hear it .	pos_neg	16210
But the high price discourages enthusiasts .	But the high price does not discourage enthusiasts .	pos_neg	16211
His attorney , Robert Griscti , returned messages seeking comment .	His attorney , Robert Griscti , did not return messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	16212
America 's influence is unlimited .	America 's influence is not unlimited .	pos_neg	16213
But overuse time out .	But do not overuse time out .	pos_neg	16214
So no , I have spoken to them .	So no , I have not spoken to them .	pos_neg	16215
The Communist state had been included in the 2006 index .	The Communist state had not been included in the 2006 index .	pos_neg	16216
She has taken a position on the actual plan offered by Spitzer .	She has not taken a position on the actual plan offered by Spitzer .	pos_neg	16217
It is 100 percent natural .	It is not 100 percent natural .	pos_neg	16218
Also , respond to unsolicited email offers .	Also , do not respond to unsolicited email offers .	pos_neg	16219
I am worried about the rest of the field .	I am not worried about the rest of the field .	pos_neg	16220
The advantage to Kayak is that it charges a booking fee .	The advantage to Kayak is that it does not charge a booking fee .	pos_neg	16221
Such cases of callous or even macabre mistreatment are isolated .	Such cases of callous or even macabre mistreatment are not isolated .	pos_neg	16222
Maybe I am a moron , but I get it .	Maybe I am a moron , but I do not get it .	pos_neg	16223
However , the agency has changed its scientific advice .	However , the agency has not changed its scientific advice .	pos_neg	16224
The corkscrew is too small , too big , or works .	The corkscrew is too small , too big , or does not work .	pos_neg	16225
Our people want a return to the 1990s .	Our people do not want a return to the 1990s .	pos_neg	16226
The woman was wearing a helmet .	The woman was not wearing a helmet .	pos_neg	16227
Crane was available for questions Thursday , according to his office .	Crane was not available for questions Thursday , according to his office .	pos_neg	16228
They have won the Big 12 since 1998 .	They have not won the Big 12 since 1998 .	pos_neg	16229
Finding names of their players among the league leaders is easy .	Finding names of their players among the league leaders is not easy .	pos_neg	16230
It was clear if he had been formally charged .	It was not clear if he had been formally charged .	pos_neg	16231
Lythgoe : Yes , but it is directly about ideas .	Lythgoe : Yes , but it is not directly about ideas .	pos_neg	16232
I know what was going on .	I do not know what was going on .	pos_neg	16233
He was present at the attack as his flight was delayed .	He was not present at the attack as his flight was delayed .	pos_neg	16234
The Cardinals have scored a touchdown in the first quarter this season .	The Cardinals have not scored a touchdown in the first quarter this season .	pos_neg	16235
Most of it is funny , or meant to be .	Most of it is not funny , or meant to be .	pos_neg	16236
But the new age laws have just affected older people .	But the new age laws have not just affected older people .	pos_neg	16237
The only problem has been getting the ball in his hands enough .	The only problem has been not getting the ball in his hands enough .	pos_neg	16238
It elaborated , saying the crash remains under investigation .	It did not elaborate , saying the crash remains under investigation .	pos_neg	16239
It matters how hot or sexy you think someone is .	It does not matter how hot or sexy you think someone is .	pos_neg	16240
Allen 's team got their pictures , but we did .	Allen 's team did not get their pictures , but we did .	pos_neg	16241
" I push it on her , " she says .	" I do not push it on her , " she says .	pos_neg	16242
Skype charges its users for calls to other Skype users .	Skype does not charge its users for calls to other Skype users .	pos_neg	16243
We made some decisions that worked out .	We made some decisions that did not work out .	pos_neg	16244
Augusto was available for comment yesterday .	Augusto was not available for comment yesterday .	pos_neg	16245
He was fair and squarely beaten on the circuit .	He was not fair and squarely beaten on the circuit .	pos_neg	16246
-- Videos are restricted to formal competition .	-- Videos are not restricted to formal competition .	pos_neg	16247
Quasi-government and corporate debt is included in the index .	Quasi-government and corporate debt is not included in the index .	pos_neg	16248
But that is unusual for these dynasties .	But that is not unusual for these dynasties .	pos_neg	16249
It matters what we think .	It does not matter what we think .	pos_neg	16250
Mass expulsions are going to take place in Italy .	Mass expulsions are not going to take place in Italy .	pos_neg	16251
But , the Iraqi explained , he had a shovel .	But , the Iraqi explained , he did not have a shovel .	pos_neg	16252
Attorneys for Los Angeles County commented on the ruling .	Attorneys for Los Angeles County did not comment on the ruling .	pos_neg	16253
He delayed a fifth execution but has granted clemency .	He delayed a fifth execution but has not granted clemency .	pos_neg	16254
Two months later she was as lucky .	Two months later she was not as lucky .	pos_neg	16255
The territory has mosquito-borne diseases like malaria or dengue fever .	The territory does not have mosquito-borne diseases like malaria or dengue fever .	pos_neg	16256
" I get involved in politics , " he once said .	" I do not get involved in politics , " he once said .	pos_neg	16257
He went into details .	He did not go into details .	pos_neg	16258
Police officials were available to comment on the raid .	Police officials were not available to comment on the raid .	pos_neg	16259
Maybe that was a strength .	Maybe that was not a strength .	pos_neg	16260
The painting had changed .	The painting had not changed .	pos_neg	16261
The disease is expected to significantly reduce the state 's deer population .	The disease is not expected to significantly reduce the state 's deer population .	pos_neg	16262
But typically he has to lead them this far .	But typically he does not have to lead them this far .	pos_neg	16263
I shot this video .	I did not shoot this video .	pos_neg	16264
Deutesche Bank returned a call seeking comment .	Deutesche Bank did not return a call seeking comment .	pos_neg	16265
But today , barely moistened pasta often makes sense .	But today , barely moistened pasta often does not make sense .	pos_neg	16266
Bonnie 's feelings are mutual .	Bonnie 's feelings are not mutual .	pos_neg	16267
True to his earlier promises , the Yankees are on his list .	True to his earlier promises , the Yankees are not on his list .	pos_neg	16268
No wonder the " Smoking Kills " ads have stopped kids smoking .	No wonder the " Smoking Kills " ads have not stopped kids smoking .	pos_neg	16269
And they say we torture people .	And they say we do not torture people .	pos_neg	16270
" " We just hope it was an accident .	" " We just hope it was not an accident .	pos_neg	16271
" " And I have that feeling now .	" " And I do not have that feeling now .	pos_neg	16272
It is that farfetched .	It is not that farfetched .	pos_neg	16273
He is involved in the project .	He is not involved in the project .	pos_neg	16274
We know exactly when the embassy will open .	We do not know exactly when the embassy will open .	pos_neg	16275
I see that he is willing to work with us now .	I do not see that he is willing to work with us now .	pos_neg	16276
I am going to beat myself up .	I am not going to beat myself up .	pos_neg	16277
Bad housing is healthy for lots of reasons .	Bad housing is not healthy for lots of reasons .	pos_neg	16278
If Mr Alton had been so successful he might have survived .	If Mr Alton had not been so successful he might have survived .	pos_neg	16279
" We are afraid to be smartasses , " he continues .	" We are not afraid to be smartasses , " he continues .	pos_neg	16280
This is one of those times .	This is not one of those times .	pos_neg	16281
I was interested in being President .	I was not interested in being President .	pos_neg	16282
But that is the only place networking gets done .	But that is not the only place networking gets done .	pos_neg	16283
I know what to think .	I do not know what to think .	pos_neg	16284
Police believe he was involved in the dispute .	Police do not believe he was involved in the dispute .	pos_neg	16285
It is understood the victim 's injuries were life-threatening .	It is understood the victim 's injuries were not life-threatening .	pos_neg	16286
We saw that .	We did not see that .	pos_neg	16287
The draft list includes uranium enrichment .	The draft list does not include uranium enrichment .	pos_neg	16288
Other terms of the acquisition were disclosed .	Other terms of the acquisition were not disclosed .	pos_neg	16289
The Company 's operations are expected to be affected by the investigation .	The Company 's operations are not expected to be affected by the investigation .	pos_neg	16290
Those women cried because they were weak .	Those women did not cry because they were weak .	pos_neg	16291
The spill was especially large by the standards of recent accidents .	The spill was not especially large by the standards of recent accidents .	pos_neg	16292
By By Kavitha Arms Making the customer happy is a simple formula .	By By Kavitha Arms Making the customer happy is not a simple formula .	pos_neg	16293
" Dean , alas , was impressed by " Cat People .	" Dean , alas , was not impressed by " Cat People .	pos_neg	16294
He insisted the killing was religiously motivated .	He insisted the killing was not religiously motivated .	pos_neg	16295
But the spokeswoman said she was arrested or detained .	But the spokeswoman said she was not arrested or detained .	pos_neg	16296
That is our focus .	That is not our focus .	pos_neg	16297
Morial has been accused of wrongdoing .	Morial has not been accused of wrongdoing .	pos_neg	16298
Her Sunni friends told her she understood .	Her Sunni friends told her she did not understand .	pos_neg	16299
That just seemed right .	That just did not seem right .	pos_neg	16300
Many people want the sacred tarnished by the profane .	Many people do not want the sacred tarnished by the profane .	pos_neg	16301
We are women , the politicians speak to us .	We are women , the politicians do not speak to us .	pos_neg	16302
The commissioner thinks NFL fans are overly consumed with the problems .	The commissioner does not think NFL fans are overly consumed with the problems .	pos_neg	16303
She looks at him .	She dares not look at him .	pos_neg	16304
That is what it is to play for this franchise .	That is not what it is to play for this franchise .	pos_neg	16305
But SAT scores are everything .	But SAT scores are not everything .	pos_neg	16306
This administration has been doing it for seven years .	This administration has not been doing it for seven years .	pos_neg	16307
Right now , the portents for an accurate count are good .	Right now , the portents for an accurate count are not good .	pos_neg	16308
The answers , unfortunately , are clear-cut .	The answers , unfortunately , are not clear-cut .	pos_neg	16309
And he wants to budge .	And he does not want to budge .	pos_neg	16310
The American people care who 's in charge of Congress .	The American people do not care who 's in charge of Congress .	pos_neg	16311
Bonnie Brown was in a position to haggle .	Bonnie Brown was not in a position to haggle .	pos_neg	16312
This is just a Las Vegas issue .	This is not just a Las Vegas issue .	pos_neg	16313
Last night , it felt like a bonus .	Last night , it did not feel like a bonus .	pos_neg	16314
' " This is healthy .	' " This is not healthy .	pos_neg	16315
But he attributes that decline to the current mortgage problems .	But he does not attribute that decline to the current mortgage problems .	pos_neg	16316
They cause heart disease , he claims .	They do not cause heart disease , he claims .	pos_neg	16317
I mean to complain .	I do not mean to complain .	pos_neg	16318
And that accounts for delivery snafus .	And that does not account for delivery snafus .	pos_neg	16319
Yet critics in China allege this has always made it more responsible .	Yet critics in China allege this has not always made it more responsible .	pos_neg	16320
Details of these cases were disclosed .	Details of these cases were not disclosed .	pos_neg	16321
Matzek is the only professor taking a creative approach to learning .	Matzek is not the only professor taking a creative approach to learning .	pos_neg	16322
Rumsfeld ' torture ' complaint filed He was expected to survive .	Rumsfeld ' torture ' complaint filed He was not expected to survive .	pos_neg	16323
I think politics can bring a better situation .	I do not think politics can bring a better situation .	pos_neg	16324
We need another supermarket taking up green space .	We do not need another supermarket taking up green space .	pos_neg	16325
Nonetheless , the church is giving up on the Uptown .	Nonetheless , the church is not giving up on the Uptown .	pos_neg	16326
Inclusiveness important , but blame Burns Rivas-Rodriguez makes some valid points .	Inclusiveness important , but do not blame Burns Rivas-Rodriguez makes some valid points .	pos_neg	16327
This is our Shakespeare , but a different Bard altogether .	This is not our Shakespeare , but a different Bard altogether .	pos_neg	16328
Brees went 31-of-39 and was sacked for the fourth consecutive game .	Brees went 31-of-39 and was not sacked for the fourth consecutive game .	pos_neg	16329
But now , I am so sure that is the whole story .	But now , I am not so sure that is the whole story .	pos_neg	16330
The chill was unexpected .	The chill was not unexpected .	pos_neg	16331
And homelessness is just a problem among middle-age and elderly veterans .	And homelessness is not just a problem among middle-age and elderly veterans .	pos_neg	16332
That is a recipe for keeping a republic .	That is not a recipe for keeping a republic .	pos_neg	16333
SOURCE Trump University LLC They were immediately returned .	SOURCE Trump University LLC They were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	16334
If someone 's there we leave a card .	If someone 's not there we leave a card .	pos_neg	16335
Difficult and stressful We have a killer instinct .	Difficult and stressful We do not have a killer instinct .	pos_neg	16336
Justice Department representatives were immediately available to comment .	Justice Department representatives were not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	16337
Now we have it .	Now we do not have it .	pos_neg	16338
id = 1634872007 But that is the U.K. ' s long-term intent .	id = 1634872007 But that is not the U.K. ' s long-term intent .	pos_neg	16339
" " We comment on tax policy .	" " We do not comment on tax policy .	pos_neg	16340
Dirt inspectors sent into wards The tractor was stolen .	Dirt inspectors sent into wards The tractor was not stolen .	pos_neg	16341
Mr. Richards returned several calls seeking comment .	Mr. Richards did not return several calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	16342
But easy comes cheap .	But easy does not come cheap .	pos_neg	16343
The Pritzker plan has advanced smoothly .	The Pritzker plan has not advanced smoothly .	pos_neg	16344
He smiled .	He did not smile .	pos_neg	16345
I wanted people thinking I was that disabled .	I did not want people thinking I was that disabled .	pos_neg	16346
" " The likelihood of a surprise is high .	" " The likelihood of a surprise is not high .	pos_neg	16347
The injuries of 18 others were considered life-threatening , officials said .	The injuries of 18 others were not considered life-threatening , officials said .	pos_neg	16348
I am running sideline to sideline .	I am not running sideline to sideline .	pos_neg	16349
It is a technology limitation that Africa faces .	It is not a technology limitation that Africa faces .	pos_neg	16350
The bill approves projects , but funds them .	The bill approves projects , but does not fund them .	pos_neg	16351
Liberalisation has proved as damaging to British morals as critics feared .	Liberalisation has not proved as damaging to British morals as critics feared .	pos_neg	16352
However , that is what most experts are predicting .	However , that is not what most experts are predicting .	pos_neg	16353
In fact it was injured , it was just being lazy .	In fact it was not injured , it was just being lazy .	pos_neg	16354
But let 's start that rumor .	But let 's not start that rumor .	pos_neg	16355
Mitigation of climate change is going to happen fast enough .	Mitigation of climate change is not going to happen fast enough .	pos_neg	16356
We need a competition .	We do not need a competition .	pos_neg	16357
" I am going to run for president , " he said .	" I am not going to run for president , " he said .	pos_neg	16358
It is good enough to buy and hold them .	It is not good enough to buy and hold them .	pos_neg	16359
I care if he is a Republican or a Democrat .	I do not care if he is a Republican or a Democrat .	pos_neg	16360
Doris Ludlam , 80 , survived her hypoglycaemic coma in June .	Doris Ludlam , 80 , did not survive her hypoglycaemic coma in June .	pos_neg	16361
Reputations last forever .	Reputations do not last forever .	pos_neg	16362
Denning was , of course , anti-union .	Denning was not , of course , anti-union .	pos_neg	16363
In fact , throughout his performance he looks up .	In fact , throughout his performance he does not look up .	pos_neg	16364
" I know about Russia , " she added .	" I do not know about Russia , " she added .	pos_neg	16365
It is personal .	It is not personal .	pos_neg	16366
People who knew this earned the Prime Minister 's scorn .	People who did not know this earned the Prime Minister 's scorn .	pos_neg	16367
But football is the only reason we visit .	But football is not the only reason we visit .	pos_neg	16368
Jagr was sure .	Jagr was not sure .	pos_neg	16369
I know how I would react in that kind of situation .	I do not know how I would react in that kind of situation .	pos_neg	16370
But he soon realized that he was on the voting list .	But he soon realized that he was not on the voting list .	pos_neg	16371
The Roman sky , however , was a traitor to its race .	The Roman sky , however , was not a traitor to its race .	pos_neg	16372
It just was there .	It just was not there .	pos_neg	16373
The arrival of winter means the end of global warming .	The arrival of winter does not mean the end of global warming .	pos_neg	16374
They are in areas where we provide services .	They are in areas where we do not provide services .	pos_neg	16375
But key Democratic lawmakers said their concerns are allayed .	But key Democratic lawmakers said their concerns are not allayed .	pos_neg	16376
A lot of people like to hear that .	A lot of people do not like to hear that .	pos_neg	16377
When you walk out , you see cigarette butts littered around .	When you walk out , you do not see cigarette butts littered around .	pos_neg	16378
Like Reesing is used to this .	Like Reesing is not used to this .	pos_neg	16379
Hey world , we care whether u make fun of stammers .	Hey world , we do not care whether u make fun of stammers .	pos_neg	16380
I consider myself as a feminist but more a humanist .	I do not consider myself as a feminist but more a humanist .	pos_neg	16381
But this included language addressing the immunity issue .	But this did not include language addressing the immunity issue .	pos_neg	16382
Wu alleges that it is just factory workers who are treated unfairly .	Wu alleges that it is not just factory workers who are treated unfairly .	pos_neg	16383
After , all he is a politician .	After , all he is not a politician .	pos_neg	16384
Green must be wary that the concussion impacts his career .	Green must be wary that the concussion does not impact his career .	pos_neg	16385
Those other crew members are on strike .	Those other crew members are not on strike .	pos_neg	16386
I was going too fast .	I was not going too fast .	pos_neg	16387
So I paint for sales .	So I do not paint for sales .	pos_neg	16388
The police said when the curfew would be lifted .	The police did not say when the curfew would be lifted .	pos_neg	16389
He returned phone calls to his office .	He did not return phone calls to his office .	pos_neg	16390
I am amazed to say this has happened .	I am amazed to say this has not happened .	pos_neg	16391
Whether they have decided to ditch Musharraf entirely , I know .	Whether they have decided to ditch Musharraf entirely , I do not know .	pos_neg	16392
But it is a smart idea .	But it is not a smart idea .	pos_neg	16393
The foregoing list of risks and uncertainties is exhaustive .	The foregoing list of risks and uncertainties is not exhaustive .	pos_neg	16394
They want to risk the relationship with the Myanmar authorities .	They do not want to risk the relationship with the Myanmar authorities .	pos_neg	16395
The campaign was without substance , though .	The campaign was not without substance , though .	pos_neg	16396
I like brussels sprouts .	I do not like brussels sprouts .	pos_neg	16397
Exciting it was .	Exciting it was not .	pos_neg	16398
Lucas was the only arrogant gangster in New York then .	Lucas was not the only arrogant gangster in New York then .	pos_neg	16399
However he confirmed suggestions that she had been raped .	However he did not confirm suggestions that she had been raped .	pos_neg	16400
I have that there .	I do not have that there .	pos_neg	16401
He also says that he regrets calling his autobiography I am Spock .	He also says that he regrets calling his autobiography I am not Spock .	pos_neg	16402
You cannot give it away , just sorry , it worked .	You cannot give it away , just sorry , it did not work .	pos_neg	16403
I am guessing this reader is the only one wondering about this .	I am guessing this reader is not the only one wondering about this .	pos_neg	16404
'We snitch , no matter what .	'We do not snitch , no matter what .	pos_neg	16405
" It is about a money calculation , " he said .	" It is not about a money calculation , " he said .	pos_neg	16406
Experts know why .	Experts do not know why .	pos_neg	16407
Jenners has disappeared .	Jenners has not disappeared .	pos_neg	16408
This we know of old , it is confined to Islam .	This we know of old , it is not confined to Islam .	pos_neg	16409
Caucusing at school during winter break is an option for all students .	Caucusing at school during winter break is not an option for all students .	pos_neg	16410
" I was there , " he said .	" I was not there , " he said .	pos_neg	16411
But you have the experience .	But you do not have the experience .	pos_neg	16412
But this was a number I recognised .	But this was a number I did not recognise .	pos_neg	16413
" I know Joe Girardi too well , " Showalter said .	" I do not know Joe Girardi too well , " Showalter said .	pos_neg	16414
There is one person .	There is not one person .	pos_neg	16415
Hendren has set a date for the new sentencing hearing .	Hendren has not set a date for the new sentencing hearing .	pos_neg	16416
In addition , the charter says who is responsible for enforcement .	In addition , the charter does not say who is responsible for enforcement .	pos_neg	16417
This is a party that has articulated its world view very clearly .	This is not a party that has articulated its world view very clearly .	pos_neg	16418
But it is just eclecticism for its own sake .	But it is not just eclecticism for its own sake .	pos_neg	16419
" You have to lecture me , " he snapped .	" You do not have to lecture me , " he snapped .	pos_neg	16420
But normally they make it to the pot .	But normally they do not make it to the pot .	pos_neg	16421
EJ No , because it changes the result of 2003 .	EJ No , because it does not change the result of 2003 .	pos_neg	16422
Others are shy about challenging the magazine .	Others are not shy about challenging the magazine .	pos_neg	16423
But we understand the impact of doing that .	But we do not understand the impact of doing that .	pos_neg	16424
I am interested in going where other people have gone .	I am not interested in going where other people have gone .	pos_neg	16425
£ 250 million in the red is sustainable .	£ 250 million in the red is not sustainable .	pos_neg	16426
Coughlin has responded publicly to Barber 's comments .	Coughlin has not responded publicly to Barber 's comments .	pos_neg	16427
The individual said he was going to bring it out with him .	The individual said he was not going to bring it out with him .	pos_neg	16428
The girl 's name was released .	The girl 's name was not released .	pos_neg	16429
What lies behind it is entirely simple .	What lies behind it is not entirely simple .	pos_neg	16430
Budget watchdog groups said that was enough .	Budget watchdog groups said that was not enough .	pos_neg	16431
Trouble is only brewing at the Treasury .	Trouble is not only brewing at the Treasury .	pos_neg	16432
I care about pressure .	I do not care about pressure .	pos_neg	16433
... It is about black and white .	... It is not about black and white .	pos_neg	16434
The genetics at the company 's core have changed significantly .	The genetics at the company 's core have not changed significantly .	pos_neg	16435
And smoke .	And do not smoke .	pos_neg	16436
We are upset about that .	We are not upset about that .	pos_neg	16437
Mr Hu has been very successful .	Mr Hu has not been very successful .	pos_neg	16438
Most of Romney 's attacks though were aimed at his Republican rivals .	Most of Romney 's attacks though were not aimed at his Republican rivals .	pos_neg	16439
But we got the ring .	But we did not get the ring .	pos_neg	16440
This , of course , is simply a question of competition .	This , of course , is not simply a question of competition .	pos_neg	16441
We are saying they deliberately used that chemical .	We are not saying they deliberately used that chemical .	pos_neg	16442
A diagnosis of colon cancer is necessarily a death sentence .	A diagnosis of colon cancer is not necessarily a death sentence .	pos_neg	16443
" He certainly had been drinking , " Pineman says .	" He certainly had not been drinking , " Pineman says .	pos_neg	16444
" Just as he uses the word " love .	" Just as he does not use the word " love .	pos_neg	16445
Mr. McCain is alone .	Mr. McCain is not alone .	pos_neg	16446
I am sure it can be done .	I am not sure it can be done .	pos_neg	16447
I had heard that , but that is very true .	I had not heard that , but that is very true .	pos_neg	16448
The police were available for comment .	The police were not available for comment .	pos_neg	16449
... It is intended to be a historical record .	... It is not intended to be a historical record .	pos_neg	16450
The auction rules experience is unique .	The auction rules experience is not unique .	pos_neg	16451
More than 90 percent of high-speed TGV trains were running .	More than 90 percent of high-speed TGV trains were not running .	pos_neg	16452
The POW then began attacking German troops , although Wycech was involved .	The POW then began attacking German troops , although Wycech was not involved .	pos_neg	16453
The room was meant to be exited alive .	The room was not meant to be exited alive .	pos_neg	16454
I just have friends that sell their pictures to newspapers .	I just have friends that do not sell their pictures to newspapers .	pos_neg	16455
The statement said whether McClurkin will still perform on the tour .	The statement did not say whether McClurkin will still perform on the tour .	pos_neg	16456
Even when faced with very low frequencies , the earphones distort .	Even when faced with very low frequencies , the earphones do not distort .	pos_neg	16457
Boras said the player thought waiting would clarify things .	Boras said the player did not think waiting would clarify things .	pos_neg	16458
I try to pretend that I really understand .	I do not try to pretend that I really understand .	pos_neg	16459
CHRIS CHAPMAN , SON : My dad is a racist man .	CHRIS CHAPMAN , SON : My dad is not a racist man .	pos_neg	16460
Blackwater 's 850 operatives in Iraq are the only problem .	Blackwater 's 850 operatives in Iraq are not the only problem .	pos_neg	16461
Petraeus elaborated .	Petraeus did not elaborate .	pos_neg	16462
The storm had been as bad as expected .	The storm had not been as bad as expected .	pos_neg	16463
Olivant said it was planning to buy the whole of Northern Rock .	Olivant said it was not planning to buy the whole of Northern Rock .	pos_neg	16464
" I make it easy for myself , " she sighs .	" I do not make it easy for myself , " she sighs .	pos_neg	16465
That is the business we are in .	That is not the business we are in .	pos_neg	16466
A lot of companies are going to be successful .	A lot of companies are not going to be successful .	pos_neg	16467
No motive had been determine and investigators had found a weapon .	No motive had been determine and investigators had not found a weapon .	pos_neg	16468
He is going to call the shots .	He is not going to call the shots .	pos_neg	16469
That is the usual urban pattern .	That is not the usual urban pattern .	pos_neg	16470
The drinker is the only one at risk of serious disciplinary action .	The drinker is not the only one at risk of serious disciplinary action .	pos_neg	16471
You usually see that .	You usually do not see that .	pos_neg	16472
I am asking him to do things that he is opposed to .	I am not asking him to do things that he is opposed to .	pos_neg	16473
I would just -- if you mind one parting comment .	I would just -- if you do not mind one parting comment .	pos_neg	16474
I needed it .	I did not need it .	pos_neg	16475
It mattered to the Red Cross .	It did not matter to the Red Cross .	pos_neg	16476
Certainly , the governor 's first 10 months have lacked for drama .	Certainly , the governor 's first 10 months have not lacked for drama .	pos_neg	16477
Blankfein 's payout is the biggest for other parts of Wall Street .	Blankfein 's payout is not the biggest for other parts of Wall Street .	pos_neg	16478
And , well , things turned out so well for them .	And , well , things did not turn out so well for them .	pos_neg	16479
id = 1825432007 But that is quite how things play out .	id = 1825432007 But that is not quite how things play out .	pos_neg	16480
It is as comprehensive as advocates would have liked .	It is not as comprehensive as advocates would have liked .	pos_neg	16481
Representatives from Wendy 's were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from Wendy 's were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	16482
Like Plummer , they are coming back .	Like Plummer , they are not coming back .	pos_neg	16483
A union spokesman was available for comment .	A union spokesman was not available for comment .	pos_neg	16484
The point is that Azerbaijan takes them seriously .	The point is that Azerbaijan does not take them seriously .	pos_neg	16485
Now , I am so certain .	Now , I am not so certain .	pos_neg	16486
" I understand why I went back , " he said .	" I do not understand why I went back , " he said .	pos_neg	16487
Britain has been alone in objecting to parts of the treaty .	Britain has not been alone in objecting to parts of the treaty .	pos_neg	16488
But authorities knew when they might be able to fly .	But authorities did not know when they might be able to fly .	pos_neg	16489
" Getting there is what you want , " he says .	" Getting there is not what you want , " he says .	pos_neg	16490
They were lucky they killed somebody .	They were lucky they did not kill somebody .	pos_neg	16491
I like chilly or cold .	I do not like chilly or cold .	pos_neg	16492
Fay said the artists are told what to paint .	Fay said the artists are not told what to paint .	pos_neg	16493
But Ms. Bhutto showed up here .	But Ms. Bhutto did not show up here .	pos_neg	16494
But it mattered to Gruden .	But it did not matter to Gruden .	pos_neg	16495
But that means all this is random .	But that does not mean all this is random .	pos_neg	16496
And the holiday meant that beachgoers and businesses were affected .	And the holiday meant that beachgoers and businesses were not affected .	pos_neg	16497
Running around looking for more oil is compatible with tackling climate change .	Running around looking for more oil is not compatible with tackling climate change .	pos_neg	16498
As such threats demonstrate , Turkey is just an angry ally .	As such threats demonstrate , Turkey is not just an angry ally .	pos_neg	16499
I am in this video .	I am not in this video .	pos_neg	16500
Underestimate how cool it is to play as Slash !	Do not underestimate how cool it is to play as Slash !	pos_neg	16501
Mr. Lamprey tries to reinvent the frat-boy naïf .	Mr. Lamprey does not try to reinvent the frat-boy naïf .	pos_neg	16502
He was being precious .	He was not being precious .	pos_neg	16503
" " I think it was a mistake .	" " I do not think it was a mistake .	pos_neg	16504
He criticized Giuliani .	He did not criticize Giuliani .	pos_neg	16505
We were but children ourselves .	We were not but children ourselves .	pos_neg	16506
And I wondered why we had seen more of that on television .	And I wondered why we had not seen more of that on television .	pos_neg	16507
No , I am kidding .	No , I am not kidding .	pos_neg	16508
He asked for anonymity because he is an official spokesman .	He asked for anonymity because he is not an official spokesman .	pos_neg	16509
It is known how many people were on the bus .	It is not known how many people were on the bus .	pos_neg	16510
Saramago agrees .	Saramago does not agree .	pos_neg	16511
It was the first wedding band Balcerak lost .	It was not the first wedding band Balcerak lost .	pos_neg	16512
World War II happened just to us .	World War II did not happen just to us .	pos_neg	16513
It is plastic surgery .	It is not plastic surgery .	pos_neg	16514
We are as good as we could be .	We are not as good as we could be .	pos_neg	16515
" " It is that we are running away .	" " It is not that we are running away .	pos_neg	16516
I look lightly on the job I aspire to do .	I do not look lightly on the job I aspire to do .	pos_neg	16517
Brosnan 's publicist , Jennifer Allen , was immediately available for comment .	Brosnan 's publicist , Jennifer Allen , was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	16518
The newspaper said how it obtained the memo .	The newspaper did not say how it obtained the memo .	pos_neg	16519
Mr. Sarieminli , however , is tracked by the computer .	Mr. Sarieminli , however , is not tracked by the computer .	pos_neg	16520
His letter provided specifics of the recommendations .	His letter did not provide specifics of the recommendations .	pos_neg	16521
COULTER : I know if you 've been paying attention .	COULTER : I do not know if you 've been paying attention .	pos_neg	16522
But he is necessarily a pickup driver for life .	But he is not necessarily a pickup driver for life .	pos_neg	16523
Northern Rock has responded to the consortium 's approach .	Northern Rock has not responded to the consortium 's approach .	pos_neg	16524
I care who comes along next as long as they help .	I do not care who comes along next as long as they help .	pos_neg	16525
The man clapped his hand to his wound , but died .	The man clapped his hand to his wound , but did not die .	pos_neg	16526
I told him it was .	I told him it was not .	pos_neg	16527
D. CHAPMAN : You know , I know .	D. CHAPMAN : You know , I do not know .	pos_neg	16528
You 've got to be ready -- so your heart break .	You 've got to be ready -- so your heart do not break .	pos_neg	16529
Warning : It is going to happen .	Warning : It is not going to happen .	pos_neg	16530
Luxury cruise lines charge extra for wine or liquor .	Luxury cruise lines do not charge extra for wine or liquor .	pos_neg	16531
It was an entirely lost afternoon for the Bulls ( 1-2 ) .	It was not an entirely lost afternoon for the Bulls ( 1-2 ) .	pos_neg	16532
The status of other American sports in London is that different .	The status of other American sports in London is not that different .	pos_neg	16533
Terms of the deal are being disclosed .	Terms of the deal are not being disclosed .	pos_neg	16534
Officials elaborated on the nature of the threat at the time .	Officials did not elaborate on the nature of the threat at the time .	pos_neg	16535
The topography of the theme park is without its challenges .	The topography of the theme park is not without its challenges .	pos_neg	16536
Just letting Iraq recede into the back pages serves our interests .	Just letting Iraq recede into the back pages does not serve our interests .	pos_neg	16537
The Hovermill family is on that list .	The Hovermill family is not on that list .	pos_neg	16538
It is like diagnosing cholera or some other illness .	It is not like diagnosing cholera or some other illness .	pos_neg	16539
He gave details about the affected companies or their alleged violations .	He did not give details about the affected companies or their alleged violations .	pos_neg	16540
Brainy women frighten voters ; control freaks do .	Brainy women do not frighten voters ; control freaks do .	pos_neg	16541
I anticipated his answer .	I did not anticipate his answer .	pos_neg	16542
It has happened .	It has not happened .	pos_neg	16543
The reason for this interest is hard to find .	The reason for this interest is not hard to find .	pos_neg	16544
He was interested .	He was not interested .	pos_neg	16545
We probably played as well as we could have .	We probably did not play as well as we could have .	pos_neg	16546
It books tickets .	It does not book tickets .	pos_neg	16547
But the fees end there .	But the fees do not end there .	pos_neg	16548
That said , they are in the business of social commentary .	That said , they are not in the business of social commentary .	pos_neg	16549
She looked , though .	She did not look , though .	pos_neg	16550
It really has been a major problem .	It really has not been a major problem .	pos_neg	16551
And Francis folded , like a typical lefty at Fenway .	And Francis did not fold , like a typical lefty at Fenway .	pos_neg	16552
I see it .	I do not see it .	pos_neg	16553
Smoke and fires are unusual on Metro tracks .	Smoke and fires are not unusual on Metro tracks .	pos_neg	16554
Fear the future .	Do not fear the future .	pos_neg	16555
We have had to borrow to fund investment .	We have not had to borrow to fund investment .	pos_neg	16556
But the first lady said she is faking it .	But the first lady said she is not faking it .	pos_neg	16557
This is helping students who are below or above grade level .	This is not helping students who are below or above grade level .	pos_neg	16558
The police used pepper spray or a Taser , Hill said .	The police did not use pepper spray or a Taser , Hill said .	pos_neg	16559
Mr. Ubben complained that Acxiom was maximizing shareholder value .	Mr. Ubben complained that Acxiom was not maximizing shareholder value .	pos_neg	16560
And we have gotten past page 42 .	And we have not gotten past page 42 .	pos_neg	16561
My children died but children all around us were dying .	My children did not die but children all around us were dying .	pos_neg	16562
So I spent those 20 years convincing myself that success was important .	So I spent those 20 years convincing myself that success was not important .	pos_neg	16563
Many knew if their homes and shops were still standing .	Many did not know if their homes and shops were still standing .	pos_neg	16564
I want to be really clear : you know .	I want to be really clear : you do not know .	pos_neg	16565
Hollywood values dazzle Vaughn .	Hollywood values do not dazzle Vaughn .	pos_neg	16566
" " This is what the town wanted to happen .	" " This is what the town did not want to happen .	pos_neg	16567
, has scheduled a vote on Myers .	, has not scheduled a vote on Myers .	pos_neg	16568
The federal government regulates activity on farms .	The federal government does not regulate activity on farms .	pos_neg	16569
A message left by the AP for Riccio was immediately returned .	A message left by the AP for Riccio was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	16570
It is for the MoD to push this on the public .	It is not for the MoD to push this on the public .	pos_neg	16571
It is going to be new .	It is not going to be new .	pos_neg	16572
The wounded roommate 's name was released .	The wounded roommate 's name was not released .	pos_neg	16573
It was clear whether the original occupant also remained in the vehicle .	It was not clear whether the original occupant also remained in the vehicle .	pos_neg	16574
But I am so sure .	But I am not so sure .	pos_neg	16575
Users get credit for the courses they watch .	Users do not get credit for the courses they watch .	pos_neg	16576
We have chains and beatings in most of our cases .	We do not have chains and beatings in most of our cases .	pos_neg	16577
but that negates the fact that they are trafficking victims .	but that does not negate the fact that they are trafficking victims .	pos_neg	16578
The names of the victims had been announced .	The names of the victims had not been announced .	pos_neg	16579
It is in accord with Fenton 's character .	It is not in accord with Fenton 's character .	pos_neg	16580
" " I really know what to say .	" " I really do not know what to say .	pos_neg	16581
So it has been all bad .	So it has not been all bad .	pos_neg	16582
And I was able to do -- he liked it .	And I was able to do -- he did not like it .	pos_neg	16583
Cole elaborated , the TV station said .	Cole did not elaborate , the TV station said .	pos_neg	16584
But team finals is always about who has the best team .	But team finals is not always about who has the best team .	pos_neg	16585
That is an academic question .	That is not an academic question .	pos_neg	16586
" " The government newspaper is read by most people .	" " The government newspaper is not read by most people .	pos_neg	16587
The station named the former employee .	The station did not name the former employee .	pos_neg	16588
But most important , Lemons has had problems with his reconstructed knee .	But most important , Lemons has not had problems with his reconstructed knee .	pos_neg	16589
We were aware of him .	We were not aware of him .	pos_neg	16590
And again , I see the numbers running up right now .	And again , I do not see the numbers running up right now .	pos_neg	16591
However , Rogge ruled it out for post-2012 Games .	However , Rogge did not rule it out for post-2012 Games .	pos_neg	16592
The girl was injured but was left distressed .	The girl was not injured but was left distressed .	pos_neg	16593
The list is all that long .	The list is not all that long .	pos_neg	16594
But it prevented student and alumni groups from doing so .	But it did not prevent student and alumni groups from doing so .	pos_neg	16595
That is obeying the law .	That is not obeying the law .	pos_neg	16596
The package , which was registered or recorded , never arrived .	The package , which was not registered or recorded , never arrived .	pos_neg	16597
Others who 've left the program have been so lucky .	Others who 've left the program have not been so lucky .	pos_neg	16598
Before that , they had won the title for 86 years .	Before that , they had not won the title for 86 years .	pos_neg	16599
But the road to rock stardom comes cheap .	But the road to rock stardom does not come cheap .	pos_neg	16600
That is what got him ousted .	That is not what got him ousted .	pos_neg	16601
It was their fault , I reminded myself , they were children .	It was not their fault , I reminded myself , they were children .	pos_neg	16602
Your self-insuring the title for the buyer is feasible .	Your self-insuring the title for the buyer is not feasible .	pos_neg	16603
In any event , Mortensen 's fans care about his motivation .	In any event , Mortensen 's fans do not care about his motivation .	pos_neg	16604
We are David to Goliath .	We are not David to Goliath .	pos_neg	16605
But it was for want of trying .	But it was not for want of trying .	pos_neg	16606
The home here is the first to draw the anger of neighbors .	The home here is not the first to draw the anger of neighbors .	pos_neg	16607
I am running as the perfect candidate .	I am not running as the perfect candidate .	pos_neg	16608
Meanwhile , it is worth mentioning that Radiohead started this revolution .	Meanwhile , it is worth mentioning that Radiohead did not start this revolution .	pos_neg	16609
" I rob people , " Madison told the newspaper .	" I do not rob people , " Madison told the newspaper .	pos_neg	16610
A trial date for Cassio has been set .	A trial date for Cassio has not been set .	pos_neg	16611
But Ms. Carpenter , a writer , lives on a farm .	But Ms. Carpenter , a writer , does not live on a farm .	pos_neg	16612
And it cost her a dime .	And it did not cost her a dime .	pos_neg	16613
One needs to have a PayPal account to use the service .	One does not need to have a PayPal account to use the service .	pos_neg	16614
He revealed how many products would have to be recalled .	He did not reveal how many products would have to be recalled .	pos_neg	16615
And if anyone tells you they do , believe them .	And if anyone tells you they do , do not believe them .	pos_neg	16616
I am angry at Mailer or Random House .	I am not angry at Mailer or Random House .	pos_neg	16617
I wanted that .	I did not want that .	pos_neg	16618
In other words , star-struck fans apply .	In other words , star-struck fans need not apply .	pos_neg	16619
Weeks later , her parents learned that Josh was a real person .	Weeks later , her parents learned that Josh was not a real person .	pos_neg	16620
They were suspected of involvement in a crime , he added .	They were not suspected of involvement in a crime , he added .	pos_neg	16621
These are accomplishments to be proud of .	These are not accomplishments to be proud of .	pos_neg	16622
And the inference was that they thought I cared about Andrew .	And the inference was that they thought I did not care about Andrew .	pos_neg	16623
The cause of the accident was immediately clear .	The cause of the accident was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	16624
I know why that is .	I do not know why that is .	pos_neg	16625
The statement also specified the type of helicopter .	The statement also did not specify the type of helicopter .	pos_neg	16626
He has always felt that way .	He has not always felt that way .	pos_neg	16627
The plane was damaged , but details were immediately available .	The plane was damaged , but details were not immediately available .	pos_neg	16628
A space this big is kind to musical clarity .	A space this big is not kind to musical clarity .	pos_neg	16629
And the telling moments were confined to one sport .	And the telling moments were not confined to one sport .	pos_neg	16630
They have immigrants taking away their jobs .	They do not have immigrants taking away their jobs .	pos_neg	16631
For was for the faint hearted .	For was not for the faint hearted .	pos_neg	16632
I removed my children from school , and I have paid rent .	I removed my children from school , and I have not paid rent .	pos_neg	16633
But you ask the Lord why .	But you do not ask the Lord why .	pos_neg	16634
She spoke in court .	She did not speak in court .	pos_neg	16635
But it was getting through .	But it was not getting through .	pos_neg	16636
I have sat down and sorted that out in my mind .	I have not sat down and sorted that out in my mind .	pos_neg	16637
HOYER : This is about assessing blame on Republicans .	HOYER : This is not about assessing blame on Republicans .	pos_neg	16638
But it was just America that had designs on my heart .	But it was not just America that had designs on my heart .	pos_neg	16639
It seems right .	It does not seem right .	pos_neg	16640
The raters say they play a role in structuring such deals .	The raters say they do not play a role in structuring such deals .	pos_neg	16641
But these monkeys are -- they are scaring tourists visiting Wat Phnom .	But these monkeys are not -- they are scaring tourists visiting Wat Phnom .	pos_neg	16642
She is just following ; she is leading .	She is not just following ; she is leading .	pos_neg	16643
But that is what happened .	But that is not what happened .	pos_neg	16644
I thought I would .	I did not think I would .	pos_neg	16645
The players were sure exactly what it was .	The players were not sure exactly what it was .	pos_neg	16646
It goes off of sticks and it wants to go in .	It goes off of sticks and it does not want to go in .	pos_neg	16647
I think that al-Maliki will change his course .	I do not think that al-Maliki will change his course .	pos_neg	16648
But it was only the going to work that got to me .	But it was not only the going to work that got to me .	pos_neg	16649
The Los Angeles County prosecutor 's office had received the petition Tuesday .	The Los Angeles County prosecutor 's office had not received the petition Tuesday .	pos_neg	16650
But the trial was without its drama .	But the trial was not without its drama .	pos_neg	16651
A depreciation of the currency is in itself to be feared .	A depreciation of the currency is not in itself to be feared .	pos_neg	16652
It is hard to bring in a bomb .	It is not hard to bring in a bomb .	pos_neg	16653
The message is change , but continuity .	The message is not change , but continuity .	pos_neg	16654
It matters as long as you are reading .	It does not matter as long as you are reading .	pos_neg	16655
Prosecutor Shana W. Chen returned a message seeking comment .	Prosecutor Shana W. Chen did not return a message seeking comment .	pos_neg	16656
Let him on the Tube .	Do not let him on the Tube .	pos_neg	16657
Know that her problems with jealousy are your fault .	Know that her problems with jealousy are not your fault .	pos_neg	16658
That meant subordinating national security to polling data .	That did not mean subordinating national security to polling data .	pos_neg	16659
Weintraub was last .	Weintraub was not last .	pos_neg	16660
The instruments were long enough to reach through her fat .	The instruments were not long enough to reach through her fat .	pos_neg	16661
I am just saying it is right .	I am just saying it is not right .	pos_neg	16662
Stood up when it was popular .	Stood up when it was not popular .	pos_neg	16663
Yet the trend towards openness is inevitable .	Yet the trend towards openness is not inevitable .	pos_neg	16664
I know why he did .	I do not know why he did .	pos_neg	16665
I am really friends with this man .	I am not really friends with this man .	pos_neg	16666
You need some new law .	You do not need some new law .	pos_neg	16667
I do dishes .	I do not do dishes .	pos_neg	16668
Thirty percent of our children graduate from high school .	Thirty percent of our children do not graduate from high school .	pos_neg	16669
Mr McCrisken said the music was simply a relic of the past .	Mr McCrisken said the music was not simply a relic of the past .	pos_neg	16670
It was a success .	It was not a success .	pos_neg	16671
But he has heard the last of him .	But he has not heard the last of him .	pos_neg	16672
That is to say that training is easy , he added .	That is not to say that training is easy , he added .	pos_neg	16673
That is the kind of call an animal control officer relishes .	That is not the kind of call an animal control officer relishes .	pos_neg	16674
He fulfiled what he wanted to achieve the first time round .	He did not fulfil what he wanted to achieve the first time round .	pos_neg	16675
But total amounts are everything .	But total amounts are not everything .	pos_neg	16676
The Sotos are the only ones going through this .	The Sotos are not the only ones going through this .	pos_neg	16677
But workers have to participate in these plans .	But workers do not have to participate in these plans .	pos_neg	16678
Aiken knew what to expect during his first visit to Uganda .	Aiken did not know what to expect during his first visit to Uganda .	pos_neg	16679
They seemed to get it .	They did not seem to get it .	pos_neg	16680
He was invited back .	He was not invited back .	pos_neg	16681
I am going to tell you .	I am not going to tell you .	pos_neg	16682
E-Trade was available to comment on the Citi note .	E-Trade was not available to comment on the Citi note .	pos_neg	16683
" He moved , " Mr O 'Hare said .	" He did not move , " Mr O 'Hare said .	pos_neg	16684
Thomas saw it that way .	Thomas did not see it that way .	pos_neg	16685
Because that is how Bill Clinton used to operate .	Because that is not how Bill Clinton used to operate .	pos_neg	16686
Banks are the only ones who need to worry .	Banks are not the only ones who need to worry .	pos_neg	16687
Camille has shown up to work at the university in recent days .	Camille has not shown up to work at the university in recent days .	pos_neg	16688
I am ready to give up .	I am not ready to give up .	pos_neg	16689
If only I had let him play outside on January 15 .	If only I had not let him play outside on January 15 .	pos_neg	16690
It makes sense to me .	It does not make sense to me .	pos_neg	16691
He needs a bank account to retrieve the money .	He does not need a bank account to retrieve the money .	pos_neg	16692
He said when the commission might give final approval .	He did not say when the commission might give final approval .	pos_neg	16693
Bryant had practiced since Saturday because of a sore knee .	Bryant had not practiced since Saturday because of a sore knee .	pos_neg	16694
And I presume to know .	And I do not presume to know .	pos_neg	16695
I like it !	I do not like it !	pos_neg	16696
But that means it is time to celebrate a fuller figure .	But that does not mean it is time to celebrate a fuller figure .	pos_neg	16697
ISIS accepts that the images are conclusive .	ISIS accepts that the images are not conclusive .	pos_neg	16698
There was a dry eye in the house .	There was not a dry eye in the house .	pos_neg	16699
And so we are building onto the existing structure .	And so we are not building onto the existing structure .	pos_neg	16700
... I am weird .	... I am not weird .	pos_neg	16701
Kirschenbaum had seen the new report .	Kirschenbaum had not seen the new report .	pos_neg	16702
Rise and Fall We played that well but we drew .	Rise and Fall We did not play that well but we drew .	pos_neg	16703
" " I am a deserter .	" " I am not a deserter .	pos_neg	16704
But we fear Australia , we are excited by the challenge .	But we do not fear Australia , we are excited by the challenge .	pos_neg	16705
A cast this size is entirely unprecedented .	A cast this size is not entirely unprecedented .	pos_neg	16706
Angola and Iraq are bound by the cartel 's official output quota .	Angola and Iraq are not bound by the cartel 's official output quota .	pos_neg	16707
Statements that are historical are considered forward-looking statements .	Statements that are not historical are considered forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	16708
He underwent arthroscopic knee surgery Aug. 1 and has healed fully .	He underwent arthroscopic knee surgery Aug. 1 and has not healed fully .	pos_neg	16709
But it is just jealousy .	But it is not just jealousy .	pos_neg	16710
We are giving up .	We are not giving up .	pos_neg	16711
We really played that bad .	We really did not play that bad .	pos_neg	16712
But the Champagne was for himself or his friends .	But the Champagne was not for himself or his friends .	pos_neg	16713
However , I am ready for the full Chi experience .	However , I am not ready for the full Chi experience .	pos_neg	16714
Several calls seeking comment from Elvis Presley Enterprises were returned .	Several calls seeking comment from Elvis Presley Enterprises were not returned .	pos_neg	16715
Navy had a chance to use many of its reserves .	Navy did not have a chance to use many of its reserves .	pos_neg	16716
" We have given up , " he said .	" We have not given up , " he said .	pos_neg	16717
I am There hits UK screens on December 21 .	I am Not There hits UK screens on December 21 .	pos_neg	16718
Something is going to get done .	Something is not going to get done .	pos_neg	16719
The bodies have been identified , the sheriff said .	The bodies have not been identified , the sheriff said .	pos_neg	16720
You get me .	You do not get me .	pos_neg	16721
At least we have a home and are living on the streets .	At least we have a home and are not living on the streets .	pos_neg	16722
But I think it can be imposed on teachers .	But I do not think it can be imposed on teachers .	pos_neg	16723
However , exporting beef from Argentina is altogether straightforward .	However , exporting beef from Argentina is not altogether straightforward .	pos_neg	16724
" I think I could , " he said .	" I do not think I could , " he said .	pos_neg	16725
Great bosses know when they are wanted .	Great bosses know when they are not wanted .	pos_neg	16726
Well , I blame you .	Well , I do not blame you .	pos_neg	16727
These are empty words .	These are not empty words .	pos_neg	16728
" It is a decision we took lightly , " she said .	" It is not a decision we took lightly , " she said .	pos_neg	16729
But Ms. Roberts is expecting a major revival .	But Ms. Roberts is not expecting a major revival .	pos_neg	16730
I like the outfit she is wearing today .	I do not like the outfit she is wearing today .	pos_neg	16731
It is just that cars are too cushy now .	It is not just that cars are too cushy now .	pos_neg	16732
But I know what he has done that warrants an award .	But I do not know what he has done that warrants an award .	pos_neg	16733
The coach made it clear that I am the villain here .	The coach made it clear that I am not the villain here .	pos_neg	16734
" " It is too late for ministers to think again .	" " It is not too late for ministers to think again .	pos_neg	16735
Clinton is in that same situation .	Clinton is not in that same situation .	pos_neg	16736
But his missed forward pass cost the All Blacks that game .	But his missed forward pass did not cost the All Blacks that game .	pos_neg	16737
So far Einstein 's dream has been fulfilled .	So far Einstein 's dream has not been fulfilled .	pos_neg	16738
Big players have performed well , he says .	Big players have not performed well , he says .	pos_neg	16739
It is an easy task .	It is not an easy task .	pos_neg	16740
" Some words I understand , " she said .	" Some words I do not understand , " she said .	pos_neg	16741
The definition of those negotiations is clearly defined by federal law .	The definition of those negotiations is not clearly defined by federal law .	pos_neg	16742
However , she was at the event to accept the prize .	However , she was not at the event to accept the prize .	pos_neg	16743
But Thrasher likes the way his private space is shrinking .	But Thrasher does not like the way his private space is shrinking .	pos_neg	16744
If they had caught me , I would have never stopped .	If they had not caught me , I would have never stopped .	pos_neg	16745
Girardi melted .	Girardi did not melt .	pos_neg	16746
They are obligated .	They are not obligated .	pos_neg	16747
The political system came tumbling down .	The political system did not come tumbling down .	pos_neg	16748
" " The adjournment is a sign of failure .	" " The adjournment is not a sign of failure .	pos_neg	16749
They just have the standing in their agencies .	They just do not have the standing in their agencies .	pos_neg	16750
She cares .	She does not care .	pos_neg	16751
He doubted that there were dangerous men there .	He did not doubt that there were dangerous men there .	pos_neg	16752
Westhoff is satisfied with simply winning games .	Westhoff is not satisfied with simply winning games .	pos_neg	16753
Sometimes it helps .	Sometimes it does not help .	pos_neg	16754
It is original .	It is not original .	pos_neg	16755
Circumventing the press is exactly a novel concept .	Circumventing the press is not exactly a novel concept .	pos_neg	16756
That the customer bets directly with Betfair .	That the customer does not bet directly with Betfair .	pos_neg	16757
International rates apply to military mail delivery .	International rates do not apply to military mail delivery .	pos_neg	16758
But Coach John Fox was ready to declare Carr the starter .	But Coach John Fox was not ready to declare Carr the starter .	pos_neg	16759
It is about showing I can ask a clever question .	It is not about showing I can ask a clever question .	pos_neg	16760
Mr Marceles 's expertise stops at the academic .	Mr Marceles 's expertise does not stop at the academic .	pos_neg	16761
At 51 , she loves that it practices age discrimination .	At 51 , she loves that it does not practice age discrimination .	pos_neg	16762
By Wednesday , though , Greenpeace had found the Japanese vessels .	By Wednesday , though , Greenpeace had not found the Japanese vessels .	pos_neg	16763
Microsoft specified Scott 's actions .	Microsoft did not specify Scott 's actions .	pos_neg	16764
Christian Bale was frightened about doing this film .	Christian Bale was not frightened about doing this film .	pos_neg	16765
But , of course , I want to think negative .	But , of course , I do not want to think negative .	pos_neg	16766
The punishment fits the crime .	The punishment does not fit the crime .	pos_neg	16767
We know whose bullets hit them .	We do not know whose bullets hit them .	pos_neg	16768
I care how difficult it is for him .	I do not care how difficult it is for him .	pos_neg	16769
His lawyer commented on the matter to the paper .	His lawyer did not comment on the matter to the paper .	pos_neg	16770
It is that my ideas are a joke .	It is not that my ideas are a joke .	pos_neg	16771
" I was satisfied just making the semifinals , " she said .	" I was not satisfied just making the semifinals , " she said .	pos_neg	16772
He specified which lawmakers have been briefed on the techniques .	He did not specify which lawmakers have been briefed on the techniques .	pos_neg	16773
The Mercedes belonged to Mr. Orr , the police said .	The Mercedes did not belong to Mr. Orr , the police said .	pos_neg	16774
Admittedly the initial signs were promising .	Admittedly the initial signs were not promising .	pos_neg	16775
Byrd is the kind of guy who shuts down the Yankees .	Byrd is not the kind of guy who shuts down the Yankees .	pos_neg	16776
It is like , I want to get fined .	It is like , I do not want to get fined .	pos_neg	16777
What we have is time .	What we do not have is time .	pos_neg	16778
Andrews tells him that it is his business .	Andrews tells him that it is not his business .	pos_neg	16779
I just saw the results of it anywhere .	I just did not see the results of it anywhere .	pos_neg	16780
Prison is the place for you .	Prison is not the place for you .	pos_neg	16781
Also , the list is publicly available .	Also , the list is not publicly available .	pos_neg	16782
No , you have to be .	No , you do not have to be .	pos_neg	16783
Bonds : I know .	Bonds : I do not know .	pos_neg	16784
Although the terms of the financial settlement were disclosed , Yahoo !	Although the terms of the financial settlement were not disclosed , Yahoo !	pos_neg	16785
They tell you off .	They do not tell you off .	pos_neg	16786
I thought motivation was needed .	I did not think motivation was needed .	pos_neg	16787
Young has won on the road since June 29 at Dodger Stadium .	Young has not won on the road since June 29 at Dodger Stadium .	pos_neg	16788
Shakhtar Donetsk VivaGel ( R ) uses N9 .	Shakhtar Donetsk VivaGel ( R ) does not use N9 .	pos_neg	16789
I think he lied about all that .	I do not think he lied about all that .	pos_neg	16790
I think they are driven by the amount of the prize .	I do not think they are driven by the amount of the prize .	pos_neg	16791
So he has .	So he has not .	pos_neg	16792
3 ounces finely chopped pork shoulder They ask for money .	3 ounces finely chopped pork shoulder They do not ask for money .	pos_neg	16793
" " The e-mails were forwarded using the mail command .	" " The e-mails were not forwarded using the mail command .	pos_neg	16794
We are stirred to action by ideals .	We are not stirred to action by ideals .	pos_neg	16795
However , The Situation Is So Desperate .	However , The Situation Is Not So Desperate .	pos_neg	16796
In reality , real women look like that .	In reality , real women do not look like that .	pos_neg	16797
Washington has had direct ties with Tehran since 1979 .	Washington has not had direct ties with Tehran since 1979 .	pos_neg	16798
They found the higher enzyme levels in men or younger women .	They did not find the higher enzyme levels in men or younger women .	pos_neg	16799
It is clear if his beloved will still be with him .	It is not clear if his beloved will still be with him .	pos_neg	16800
According to jail records , he had an attorney .	According to jail records , he did not have an attorney .	pos_neg	16801
But the best view of the horses is always from land .	But the best view of the horses is not always from land .	pos_neg	16802
Surprisingly , the game has been completely rejected by yoga masters .	Surprisingly , the game has not been completely rejected by yoga masters .	pos_neg	16803
This overflow is an inventory problem ; it is a storage-space problem .	This overflow is not an inventory problem ; it is a storage-space problem .	pos_neg	16804
Well , we set the prices ; we just pay them .	Well , we do not set the prices ; we just pay them .	pos_neg	16805
" It is designed to help poor people , " he said .	" It is not designed to help poor people , " he said .	pos_neg	16806
But here is the thing : I know that for sure .	But here is the thing : I do not know that for sure .	pos_neg	16807
Hamas officials were immediately available to comment on the Israel Radio report .	Hamas officials were not immediately available to comment on the Israel Radio report .	pos_neg	16808
I think the Turks are bluffing .	I do not think the Turks are bluffing .	pos_neg	16809
But Davydenko bows his head easily , saving three break points .	But Davydenko does not bow his head easily , saving three break points .	pos_neg	16810
It was immediately clear what caused her to become ill .	It was not immediately clear what caused her to become ill .	pos_neg	16811
We sure did , and I apologize for that .	We sure did , and I do not apologize for that .	pos_neg	16812
But you have to confine your imagination to New York .	But you do not have to confine your imagination to New York .	pos_neg	16813
But Democrats say this is necessarily true .	But Democrats say this is not necessarily true .	pos_neg	16814
Palestinians have confirmed the date or venue .	Palestinians have not confirmed the date or venue .	pos_neg	16815
He returned messages left with various publicists this morning .	He did not return messages left with various publicists this morning .	pos_neg	16816
Officially , this is the case .	Officially , this is not the case .	pos_neg	16817
Sometimes moms give themselves enough credit .	Sometimes moms do not give themselves enough credit .	pos_neg	16818
" " I mind repairing things .	" " I do not mind repairing things .	pos_neg	16819
" No , I am surprised , " Edsall said .	" No , I am not surprised , " Edsall said .	pos_neg	16820
The soldiers ' names and nationalities were immediately released .	The soldiers ' names and nationalities were not immediately released .	pos_neg	16821
To go on paying more to players is justified or sensible .	To go on paying more to players is not justified or sensible .	pos_neg	16822
Blackwater says the civil defense forces killed the guards , however .	Blackwater does not say the civil defense forces killed the guards , however .	pos_neg	16823
But this is Baghdad - it is Mogadishu .	But this is not Baghdad - it is Mogadishu .	pos_neg	16824
Manilow 's reps returned a call for comment yesterday .	Manilow 's reps did not return a call for comment yesterday .	pos_neg	16825
I am accepting that .	I am not accepting that .	pos_neg	16826
Ryan Seacrest looked like a hipster with his emaciated tie .	Ryan Seacrest did not look like a hipster with his emaciated tie .	pos_neg	16827
Miss Manners is advocating your keeping secrets from your wife .	Miss Manners is not advocating your keeping secrets from your wife .	pos_neg	16828
They had this kind of problem in Ancient Egypt .	They did not have this kind of problem in Ancient Egypt .	pos_neg	16829
I agree with that .	I do not agree with that .	pos_neg	16830
Our travel credits listed airlines that were eligible for a credit .	Our travel credits did not list airlines that were eligible for a credit .	pos_neg	16831
We just did what we needed to do .	We just did not do what we needed to do .	pos_neg	16832
This includes liposuction and botox !	This does not include liposuction and botox !	pos_neg	16833
If they pay money for a service which is provided .	If they pay money for a service which is not provided .	pos_neg	16834
They rarely spoke , because Mr. Bastian speaks Spanish .	They rarely spoke , because Mr. Bastian does not speak Spanish .	pos_neg	16835
His replacement was named .	His replacement was not named .	pos_neg	16836
" " Men like that .	" " Men do not like that .	pos_neg	16837
If it is , its data will be discarded .	If it is not , its data will be discarded .	pos_neg	16838
Cashman responded to messages seeking comment .	Cashman did not respond to messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	16839
The answer was a lie : They had seen him .	The answer was a lie : They had not seen him .	pos_neg	16840
He provided details .	He did not provide details .	pos_neg	16841
Insurgent deaths were included .	Insurgent deaths were not included .	pos_neg	16842
EF sensing is the only form of sensing that robots use .	EF sensing is not the only form of sensing that robots use .	pos_neg	16843
Wildfires Wane as Bush Visits California Managua is your typical city .	Wildfires Wane as Bush Visits California Managua is not your typical city .	pos_neg	16844
Adding vitamin D to calcium appeared to offer increased protection .	Adding vitamin D to calcium did not appear to offer increased protection .	pos_neg	16845
He was expected to survive .	He was not expected to survive .	pos_neg	16846
Weis said he recalls the conversation .	Weis said he does not recall the conversation .	pos_neg	16847
" It is an easy vote , " said Del .	" It is not an easy vote , " said Del .	pos_neg	16848
id = 1655012007 But it ended his career .	id = 1655012007 But it did not end his career .	pos_neg	16849
Yet Karat agrees .	Yet Karat does not agree .	pos_neg	16850
Manufacturing Quality Sousa said Murat 's status as a suspect had changed .	Manufacturing Quality Sousa said Murat 's status as a suspect had not changed .	pos_neg	16851
Unfortunately , that is my strength .	Unfortunately , that is not my strength .	pos_neg	16852
A message left for country club officials Friday night was immediately returned .	A message left for country club officials Friday night was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	16853
I just do that red-carpet thing .	I just do not do that red-carpet thing .	pos_neg	16854
It was a very well organised season from the management .	It was not a very well organised season from the management .	pos_neg	16855
A CPSC spokesman was immediately available for comment .	A CPSC spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	16856
The injured officers ' names were immediately released .	The injured officers ' names were not immediately released .	pos_neg	16857
Carrie Seligson was one of them .	Carrie Seligson was not one of them .	pos_neg	16858
The telemetry lay .	The telemetry did not lie .	pos_neg	16859
But the visit was just about sobs and promises .	But the visit was not just about sobs and promises .	pos_neg	16860
He had heard from his aunt and uncle , he said .	He had not heard from his aunt and uncle , he said .	pos_neg	16861
The woman was hurt .	The woman was not hurt .	pos_neg	16862
The report disclosed the number of aircraft involved .	The report did not disclose the number of aircraft involved .	pos_neg	16863
I am a huge fan of the repetitiveness of the song .	I am not a huge fan of the repetitiveness of the song .	pos_neg	16864
They are angry .	They are not angry .	pos_neg	16865
T : I think so .	T : I do not think so .	pos_neg	16866
At the conference , feminist essayist Katha Pollitt mentioned the stabbing .	At the conference , feminist essayist Katha Pollitt did not mention the stabbing .	pos_neg	16867
The lesson is , it is good enough to have good intentions .	The lesson is , it is not good enough to have good intentions .	pos_neg	16868
The interior of the house was to her taste .	The interior of the house was not to her taste .	pos_neg	16869
Lopez 's average has been above .252 since May 31 .	Lopez 's average has not been above .252 since May 31 .	pos_neg	16870
This study addressed autism .	This study did not address autism .	pos_neg	16871
It is right ethically .	It is not right ethically .	pos_neg	16872
He believed it .	He did not believe it .	pos_neg	16873
That has been the same story off of it .	That has not been the same story off of it .	pos_neg	16874
The Red Crescent 's bounty stops at home .	The Red Crescent 's bounty does not stop at home .	pos_neg	16875
And many people took part .	And many people did not take part .	pos_neg	16876
Other business leaders said they were concerned about the announcement .	Other business leaders said they were not concerned about the announcement .	pos_neg	16877
This was just classic flip-flopping .	This was not just classic flip-flopping .	pos_neg	16878
Meg guesses she has seen him since Saturday .	Meg guesses she has not seen him since Saturday .	pos_neg	16879
The losing players maintain that the O2 deal is economic .	The losing players maintain that the O2 deal is not economic .	pos_neg	16880
, who is a member of the team .	, who is not a member of the team .	pos_neg	16881
But it means I have lost interest in it .	But it does not mean I have lost interest in it .	pos_neg	16882
I have made Béarnaise sauce before and Collingwood had .	I have made Béarnaise sauce before and Collingwood had not .	pos_neg	16883
I think she will fade now .	I do not think she will fade now .	pos_neg	16884
You have to fast to show God you are obeying .	You do not have to fast to show God you are obeying .	pos_neg	16885
Ms. Handler has Ms. Griffin 's middle-brow quality .	Ms. Handler does not have Ms. Griffin 's middle-brow quality .	pos_neg	16886
At this point in time he has .	At this point in time he has not .	pos_neg	16887
As he himself conceded , he had written his book .	As he himself conceded , he had not written his book .	pos_neg	16888
He was optimistic of his chances .	He was not optimistic of his chances .	pos_neg	16889
Back then , people were content with temporary palliatives .	Back then , people were not content with temporary palliatives .	pos_neg	16890
The lighting is gentle , so the view is obscured at night .	The lighting is gentle , so the view is not obscured at night .	pos_neg	16891
Mr Lahem was available for comment .	Mr Lahem was not available for comment .	pos_neg	16892
That kind of management was there .	That kind of management was not there .	pos_neg	16893
Their names have been revealed .	Their names have not been revealed .	pos_neg	16894
The supernatural is what it was .	The supernatural is not what it was .	pos_neg	16895
The bill offers blanket protection .	The bill does not offer blanket protection .	pos_neg	16896
The 14-year-old boy told the attackers he took drugs .	The 14-year-old boy told the attackers he did not take drugs .	pos_neg	16897
It is easy , ministers say .	It is not easy , ministers say .	pos_neg	16898
It is debatable .	It is not debatable .	pos_neg	16899
We got a first down .	We did not get a first down .	pos_neg	16900
It is a pretty picture .	It is not a pretty picture .	pos_neg	16901
C.I.A. officials pressed the matter .	C.I.A. officials did not press the matter .	pos_neg	16902
It was us .	It was not us .	pos_neg	16903
" I take it personally , " Randolph said .	" I do not take it personally , " Randolph said .	pos_neg	16904
Spreading democracy as a goal of American foreign policy is new .	Spreading democracy as a goal of American foreign policy is not new .	pos_neg	16905
The release mentioned Ms. Bains 's association with the university .	The release did not mention Ms. Bains 's association with the university .	pos_neg	16906
O 'Steen is the only one rejecting a centrist approach .	O 'Steen is not the only one rejecting a centrist approach .	pos_neg	16907
Malki said the location of Tuesday 's meeting was important .	Malki said the location of Tuesday 's meeting was not important .	pos_neg	16908
But outside of San Francisco , Bonds 's pursuit was universally celebrated .	But outside of San Francisco , Bonds 's pursuit was not universally celebrated .	pos_neg	16909
Caucusing is easy .	Caucusing is not easy .	pos_neg	16910
Of course , sleeping is always a pleasant experience .	Of course , sleeping is not always a pleasant experience .	pos_neg	16911
" " She ¬ practiced it , I understand .	" " She ¬ did not practice it , I understand .	pos_neg	16912
A blood-sugar test was taken .	A blood-sugar test was not taken .	pos_neg	16913
What he has , of course , is U2 .	What he does not have , of course , is U2 .	pos_neg	16914
" This is an open-ended timeline , " he said .	" This is not an open-ended timeline , " he said .	pos_neg	16915
If that entices them to apply , nothing will .	If that does not entice them to apply , nothing will .	pos_neg	16916
Ullman said the Carlyle Group was the subject of the investigation .	Ullman said the Carlyle Group was not the subject of the investigation .	pos_neg	16917
I am the same person as I was when Sabina was alive .	I am not the same person as I was when Sabina was alive .	pos_neg	16918
No we are .	No we are not .	pos_neg	16919
I have to tell you it was .	I have to tell you it was not .	pos_neg	16920
They require a license .	They do not require a license .	pos_neg	16921
Nida said he asked Ahlstrom to resign .	Nida said he did not ask Ahlstrom to resign .	pos_neg	16922
Companies ' use of temporary workers is new , of course .	Companies ' use of temporary workers is not new , of course .	pos_neg	16923
We just know he is doing well in polls .	We just know he is not doing well in polls .	pos_neg	16924
Ocho Cinco , Dearth is .	Ocho Cinco , Dearth is not .	pos_neg	16925
The outage affected cell phone service .	The outage did not affect cell phone service .	pos_neg	16926
The nature of their illness was disclosed .	The nature of their illness was not disclosed .	pos_neg	16927
I am going to terrify him .	I am not going to terrify him .	pos_neg	16928
We are thinking logically ; they are .	We are not thinking logically ; they are .	pos_neg	16929
Pregnant with triplets , she looks like a serial killer .	Pregnant with triplets , she does not look like a serial killer .	pos_neg	16930
The circumstances of the shooting were immediately clear .	The circumstances of the shooting were not immediately clear .	pos_neg	16931
Missouri has been alone in its euphoric support of therapeutic cloning .	Missouri has not been alone in its euphoric support of therapeutic cloning .	pos_neg	16932
We are !	We are not !	pos_neg	16933
It is a time to reflect .	It is not a time to reflect .	pos_neg	16934
Too often children in care achieve their full potential .	Too often children in care do not achieve their full potential .	pos_neg	16935
But the wedding almost went off as planned .	But the wedding almost did not go off as planned .	pos_neg	16936
The sum they were paid was a decisive factor .	The sum they were paid was not a decisive factor .	pos_neg	16937
There is a tiger chasing you .	There is not a tiger chasing you .	pos_neg	16938
He has started since Aug. 25 and is listed as day-to-day .	He has not started since Aug. 25 and is listed as day-to-day .	pos_neg	16939
They were just going to give it to us .	They were not just going to give it to us .	pos_neg	16940
I know the system is set up for him to win .	I know the system is not set up for him to win .	pos_neg	16941
The other three companies were immediately available for comment .	The other three companies were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	16942
This is just retro-tainment .	This is not just retro-tainment .	pos_neg	16943
And it is all fun and frolic .	And it is not all fun and frolic .	pos_neg	16944
But it was all play and no work .	But it was not all play and no work .	pos_neg	16945
Giuliani : Iraq Is In My Hands .	Giuliani : Iraq Is Not In My Hands .	pos_neg	16946
The crew were injured .	The crew were not injured .	pos_neg	16947
James Piereson is one of them .	James Piereson is not one of them .	pos_neg	16948
We use stock-based compensation expense in our internal measures .	We do not use stock-based compensation expense in our internal measures .	pos_neg	16949
Some said it mattered a whit .	Some said it did not matter a whit .	pos_neg	16950
He lies a glove on his mother .	He does not lay a glove on his mother .	pos_neg	16951
There is only racism but classism .	There is not only racism but classism .	pos_neg	16952
But the ranch is Jackson 's only piece of highly leveraged property .	But the ranch is not Jackson 's only piece of highly leveraged property .	pos_neg	16953
Chap just seemed to have energy .	Chap just did not seem to have energy .	pos_neg	16954
We are Italians .	We are not Italians .	pos_neg	16955
Other lawmakers play as roughly to get the money they want .	Other lawmakers do not play as roughly to get the money they want .	pos_neg	16956
It was possible to verify the conflicting claims independently .	It was not possible to verify the conflicting claims independently .	pos_neg	16957
The airlines in Nepal lost my bag .	The airlines in Nepal did not lose my bag .	pos_neg	16958
Instead , consider checking accounts that earn interest .	Instead , consider checking accounts that do not earn interest .	pos_neg	16959
I know if I am ready for those long hours .	I do not know if I am ready for those long hours .	pos_neg	16960
The Bears defense looks like it has missed a beat .	The Bears defense looks like it has not missed a beat .	pos_neg	16961
" It was a threat , " he said .	" It was not a threat , " he said .	pos_neg	16962
I do it and that is a major problem .	I do not do it and that is a major problem .	pos_neg	16963
There were many laughs over the course of the hour .	There were not many laughs over the course of the hour .	pos_neg	16964
Giving up land in return for peace works , he insists .	Giving up land in return for peace does not work , he insists .	pos_neg	16965
Kiley was immediately available to comment .	Kiley was not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	16966
Native American food has gained a foothold in grocery stores .	Native American food has not gained a foothold in grocery stores .	pos_neg	16967
So far , he has publicly answered that request .	So far , he has not publicly answered that request .	pos_neg	16968
I am sorry , but I am convinced .	I am sorry , but I am not convinced .	pos_neg	16969
And it was because of the weather or prices .	And it was not because of the weather or prices .	pos_neg	16970
But Waldman is a standard analyst .	But Waldman is not a standard analyst .	pos_neg	16971
It is an election .	It is not an election .	pos_neg	16972
Qualcomm 's chip supports WiMax .	Qualcomm 's chip does not support WiMax .	pos_neg	16973
A lot of people wanted us to do it .	A lot of people did not want us to do it .	pos_neg	16974
Our roads are race tracks or for breaking speed records .	Our roads are not race tracks or for breaking speed records .	pos_neg	16975
It prompted criticism that many Russian tankers are seaworthy .	It prompted criticism that many Russian tankers are not seaworthy .	pos_neg	16976
This is litter , it is murder .	This is not litter , it is murder .	pos_neg	16977
Surrender is an option .	Surrender is not an option .	pos_neg	16978
" We help ourselves , " he said .	" We do not help ourselves , " he said .	pos_neg	16979
And they were gods anyway , only statues .	And they were not gods anyway , only statues .	pos_neg	16980
She was the only one .	She was not the only one .	pos_neg	16981
Mrs. Rivera 's husband is so sure .	Mrs. Rivera 's husband is not so sure .	pos_neg	16982
Therefore we accept this .	Therefore we do not accept this .	pos_neg	16983
Hard labor sentences exist in France .	Hard labor sentences do not exist in France .	pos_neg	16984
We accept a system that simply shuffles children through the schools .	We do not accept a system that simply shuffles children through the schools .	pos_neg	16985
Groundwater is utilized as a source of drinking water .	Groundwater is not utilized as a source of drinking water .	pos_neg	16986
But he admitted that the regulation on horses was well thought-out .	But he admitted that the regulation on horses was not well thought-out .	pos_neg	16987
It certainly means that I am dying to go to Europe .	It certainly does not mean that I am dying to go to Europe .	pos_neg	16988
10 , 2007 - Antidepressants have been studied specifically in pregnant smokers .	10 , 2007 - Antidepressants have not been studied specifically in pregnant smokers .	pos_neg	16989
I want to win !	I do not want to win !	pos_neg	16990
Mr. Khan said she had followed the government 's warnings .	Mr. Khan said she had not followed the government 's warnings .	pos_neg	16991
Has come back to reunions .	Has not come back to reunions .	pos_neg	16992
They want to compromise .	They do not want to compromise .	pos_neg	16993
The problem stops there .	The problem does not stop there .	pos_neg	16994
The bus 's two passengers were hurt .	The bus 's two passengers were not hurt .	pos_neg	16995
I like this club , these players .	I do not like this club , these players .	pos_neg	16996
I think that is in the public interest .	I think that is not in the public interest .	pos_neg	16997
About WorldNow But they said she was a racist .	About WorldNow But they said she was not a racist .	pos_neg	16998
I want your stupid prize anyway .	I do not want your stupid prize anyway .	pos_neg	16999
But George Best played for Wrexham .	But George Best did not play for Wrexham .	pos_neg	17000
Many stars want to cross picket lines .	Many stars do not want to cross picket lines .	pos_neg	17001
But housing is Ms. Zayas 's biggest worry .	But housing is not Ms. Zayas 's biggest worry .	pos_neg	17002
That is what I was doing .	That is not what I was doing .	pos_neg	17003
Dyson 's alone in his marketing of Jesus and religion .	Dyson 's not alone in his marketing of Jesus and religion .	pos_neg	17004
But it is all serious .	But it is not all serious .	pos_neg	17005
It is a word Service families use .	It is not a word Service families use .	pos_neg	17006
" " But he obviously remembered you .	" " But he obviously did not remember you .	pos_neg	17007
Saudi Monarch Arrives In London We make those concessions .	Saudi Monarch Arrives In London We do not make those concessions .	pos_neg	17008
I like it that murderers are going free .	I do not like it that murderers are going free .	pos_neg	17009
The brides went with them .	The brides did not go with them .	pos_neg	17010
The Red Sox are the only local team that has been winning .	The Red Sox are not the only local team that has been winning .	pos_neg	17011
IT IS the end , but it has just got serious .	IT IS not the end , but it has just got serious .	pos_neg	17012
The Challengers I know what the solution is .	The Challengers I do not know what the solution is .	pos_neg	17013
But their visibility and influence has always reflected that .	But their visibility and influence has not always reflected that .	pos_neg	17014
That is O.K. , but it is all the possibilities .	That is O.K. , but it is not all the possibilities .	pos_neg	17015
They needed to win because a draw was good enough .	They needed to win because a draw was not good enough .	pos_neg	17016
But that is enough for Hatchel 's family .	But that is not enough for Hatchel 's family .	pos_neg	17017
He supported Ronald Reagan .	He did not support Ronald Reagan .	pos_neg	17018
The names of the two injured women were released .	The names of the two injured women were not released .	pos_neg	17019
I was blown out by this record and have stopped playing it .	I was blown out by this record and have not stopped playing it .	pos_neg	17020
" " We discuss salaries .	" " We do not discuss salaries .	pos_neg	17021
The building was originally built as a family home and is listed .	The building was originally built as a family home and is not listed .	pos_neg	17022
But it stops there .	But it does not stop there .	pos_neg	17023
Donation to Mark Grand Opening DOUGRAY Scott is a happy man .	Donation to Mark Grand Opening DOUGRAY Scott is not a happy man .	pos_neg	17024
" " It is a season-long decision .	" " It is not a season-long decision .	pos_neg	17025
The cause of the wreck was immediately known .	The cause of the wreck was not immediately known .	pos_neg	17026
Mr. Rubin returned phone calls seeking comment .	Mr. Rubin did not return phone calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	17027
We are dead .	We are not dead .	pos_neg	17028
Jol 's gripe is Spurs ' structure but how outsiders misunderstand it .	Jol 's gripe is not Spurs ' structure but how outsiders misunderstand it .	pos_neg	17029
But Mr. Roach 's musical contributions were neglected .	But Mr. Roach 's musical contributions were not neglected .	pos_neg	17030
Instantly I knew I had fooled him .	Instantly I knew I had not fooled him .	pos_neg	17031
Details of the circumstances have been released .	Details of the circumstances have not been released .	pos_neg	17032
The merger of journalism and product placement is amusing .	The merger of journalism and product placement is not amusing .	pos_neg	17033
Disposing of so many animal carcasses is cheap .	Disposing of so many animal carcasses is not cheap .	pos_neg	17034
" All the women become identical , " Shammas insisted .	" All the women do not become identical , " Shammas insisted .	pos_neg	17035
Sadly , this is the case .	Sadly , this is not the case .	pos_neg	17036
I accelerated hard and the thing moved .	I accelerated hard and the thing did not move .	pos_neg	17037
BROWNBACK : I just have thought about it .	BROWNBACK : I just have not thought about it .	pos_neg	17038
But mention the word " rebuilding " to Weis .	But do not mention the word " rebuilding " to Weis .	pos_neg	17039
" It is a case of regrets , " he said .	" It is not a case of regrets , " he said .	pos_neg	17040
Then at the initial pretrial hearing Thorn turned up .	Then at the initial pretrial hearing Thorn did not turn up .	pos_neg	17041
" " First season is going to be easy .	" " First season is going to be not easy .	pos_neg	17042
It matters what you paid for it .	It does not matter what you paid for it .	pos_neg	17043
Statements in this news release that are historical facts are forward-looking statements .	Statements in this news release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	17044
It is human nature , in general .	It is not human nature , in general .	pos_neg	17045
The kid just has it .	The kid just does not have it .	pos_neg	17046
It was clear when the baby suffered the broken bones .	It was not clear when the baby suffered the broken bones .	pos_neg	17047
Hey , I am above trying to gin up some Web traffic .	Hey , I am not above trying to gin up some Web traffic .	pos_neg	17048
It turns out that Sting is often seen at the gaming tables .	It turns out that Sting is not often seen at the gaming tables .	pos_neg	17049
But that is what you need on your vacation .	But that is not what you need on your vacation .	pos_neg	17050
It just happened , and that is the truth .	It just did not happen , and that is the truth .	pos_neg	17051
We have a state .	We do not have a state .	pos_neg	17052
It had been used in about a year , Sullivan said .	It had not been used in about a year , Sullivan said .	pos_neg	17053
" " They feel that travel rules apply to them .	" " They feel that travel rules do not apply to them .	pos_neg	17054
And that is unusual .	And that is not unusual .	pos_neg	17055
" It is been without a struggle , " her husband concedes .	" It is not been without a struggle , " her husband concedes .	pos_neg	17056
Normally , the court said , living trees and plants are nuisances .	Normally , the court said , living trees and plants are not nuisances .	pos_neg	17057
A State Department spokesman had an immediate comment Monday .	A State Department spokesman did not have an immediate comment Monday .	pos_neg	17058
But I am afraid real skiers do lunch .	But I am afraid real skiers do not do lunch .	pos_neg	17059
That is the direction we need to go right now .	That is not the direction we need to go right now .	pos_neg	17060
But it settles the question of whether DeOnté fired a weapon .	But it does not settle the question of whether DeOnté fired a weapon .	pos_neg	17061
Mr. Dabah specified why .	Mr. Dabah did not specify why .	pos_neg	17062
So we ask them to work at night or do overtime .	So we do not ask them to work at night or do overtime .	pos_neg	17063
" " I am going to give lectures .	" " I am not going to give lectures .	pos_neg	17064
How do you weigh that trade-off , I know .	How do you weigh that trade-off , I do not know .	pos_neg	17065
The law allows us to do that .	The law does not allow us to do that .	pos_neg	17066
And it takes its cues from sitcoms .	And it does not take its cues from sitcoms .	pos_neg	17067
These exist at Stormont .	These do not exist at Stormont .	pos_neg	17068
He says a word .	He does not say a word .	pos_neg	17069
They seem to value it here because it is free .	They do not seem to value it here because it is free .	pos_neg	17070
They worked .	They did not work .	pos_neg	17071
Once begun , I stopped .	Once begun , I did not stop .	pos_neg	17072
This was easy .	This was not easy .	pos_neg	17073
And forget to brush and floss daily .	And do not forget to brush and floss daily .	pos_neg	17074
Teriparatide is indicated for the treatment of glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis .	Teriparatide is not indicated for the treatment of glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis .	pos_neg	17075
It is cold and heavy and is associated with confidence .	It is cold and heavy and is not associated with confidence .	pos_neg	17076
This meant the relationship was clear or easy .	This did not mean the relationship was clear or easy .	pos_neg	17077
Just expect to feel enchanted .	Just do not expect to feel enchanted .	pos_neg	17078
Investors holding the remaining 15 percent were involved in the suit .	Investors holding the remaining 15 percent were not involved in the suit .	pos_neg	17079
He has to look like Arnold Schwarzenegger .	He does not have to look like Arnold Schwarzenegger .	pos_neg	17080
2004 Olympics - Qualified .	2004 Olympics - Did Not Qualify .	pos_neg	17081
She said she wished that were so .	She said she wished that were not so .	pos_neg	17082
Unfortunately , this is always the case .	Unfortunately , this is not always the case .	pos_neg	17083
When he is on the computer , he is watching TV .	When he is not on the computer , he is watching TV .	pos_neg	17084
It is the way I would have wanted it to end .	It is not the way I would have wanted it to end .	pos_neg	17085
But the jolly green giant is headed for the wood chipper .	But the jolly green giant is not headed for the wood chipper .	pos_neg	17086
All of the minerals were dumped .	All of the minerals were not dumped .	pos_neg	17087
The size of the payments was immediately available .	The size of the payments was not immediately available .	pos_neg	17088
He was the only Sixer who had trouble finding the basket .	He was not the only Sixer who had trouble finding the basket .	pos_neg	17089
My training was , you buy things you cannot pay for .	My training was , you do not buy things you cannot pay for .	pos_neg	17090
I am sure the answer lies in our evolutionary past .	I am not sure the answer lies in our evolutionary past .	pos_neg	17091
Her condition is known .	Her condition is not known .	pos_neg	17092
He entered a plea or speak to the courtroom audience .	He did not enter a plea or speak to the courtroom audience .	pos_neg	17093
A spokesman for MTV was immediately available for comment .	A spokesman for MTV was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	17094
I own a mobile phone .	I do not own a mobile phone .	pos_neg	17095
The most recent study assessed thimerosal 's association with autism directly .	The most recent study did not assess thimerosal 's association with autism directly .	pos_neg	17096
I am a do-gooder .	I am not a do-gooder .	pos_neg	17097
T : No , I think so .	T : No , I do not think so .	pos_neg	17098
He said he was nervous .	He said he was not nervous .	pos_neg	17099
That is totally different from Freud .	That is not totally different from Freud .	pos_neg	17100
Most of the wins were close .	Most of the wins were not close .	pos_neg	17101
He has played since Nov. 30 .	He has not played since Nov. 30 .	pos_neg	17102
Unauthorized recording or downloading of this event is permitted .	Unauthorized recording or downloading of this event is not permitted .	pos_neg	17103
They have a poker face .	They do not have a poker face .	pos_neg	17104
But he said he wanted to be hypocritical about N.F.L. spycraft .	But he said he did not want to be hypocritical about N.F.L. spycraft .	pos_neg	17105
Judge Braslow referred to the appeals decision .	Judge Braslow did not refer to the appeals decision .	pos_neg	17106
We are glad we accepted .	We are glad we did not accept .	pos_neg	17107
I stayed relaxed .	I did not stay relaxed .	pos_neg	17108
A spokeswoman for CITIC bank had immediate comment .	A spokeswoman for CITIC bank did not have immediate comment .	pos_neg	17109
It was just one of those silly things .	It was not just one of those silly things .	pos_neg	17110
We intend to be fear mongers .	We do not intend to be fear mongers .	pos_neg	17111
He was like me : It was life or death .	He was like me : It was not life or death .	pos_neg	17112
It was scientific .	It was not scientific .	pos_neg	17113
The U.S. Army was immediately available for comment .	The U.S. Army was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	17114
They have had the opportunity to meet you .	They have not had the opportunity to meet you .	pos_neg	17115
In St. Bernard , most of the 67,000 residents have returned .	In St. Bernard , most of the 67,000 residents have not returned .	pos_neg	17116
He and the Patriots have lost since then .	He and the Patriots have not lost since then .	pos_neg	17117
I think we will see change .	I do not think we will see change .	pos_neg	17118
A player thought to be in the least bit vulnerable .	A player thought to be not in the least bit vulnerable .	pos_neg	17119
But I think that is going to happen .	But I do not think that is going to happen .	pos_neg	17120
At least when it comes to ticket requests .	At least when it does not come to ticket requests .	pos_neg	17121
I think you can beat that .	I do not think you can beat that .	pos_neg	17122
Living and working in Sri Lanka was an instant transition , however .	Living and working in Sri Lanka was not an instant transition , however .	pos_neg	17123
It is the standard of care .	It is not the standard of care .	pos_neg	17124
To come to the rink like that cuts it .	To come to the rink like that does not cut it .	pos_neg	17125
But he intervened .	But he did not intervene .	pos_neg	17126
And while we are on things he told us .	And while we are on things he did not tell us .	pos_neg	17127
They know what 's a problem and what 's a problem .	They know what 's a problem and what 's not a problem .	pos_neg	17128
It was an area where a Westerner would go unnoticed .	It was not an area where a Westerner would go unnoticed .	pos_neg	17129
They are alone in the annals of sports .	They are not alone in the annals of sports .	pos_neg	17130
A lack of food is the problem , she said .	A lack of food is not the problem , she said .	pos_neg	17131
He is the tallest player on Tour .	He is not the tallest player on Tour .	pos_neg	17132
We understand how he could just disappear .	We do not understand how he could just disappear .	pos_neg	17133
Calls to AOL seeking exact numbers were returned Tuesday .	Calls to AOL seeking exact numbers were not returned Tuesday .	pos_neg	17134
It is a crime to be a woman .	It is not a crime to be a woman .	pos_neg	17135
Sallie Mae and Barrow , Hanley were immediately available for comment .	Sallie Mae and Barrow , Hanley were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	17136
Clark County District Attorney David Roger opposed the date .	Clark County District Attorney David Roger did not oppose the date .	pos_neg	17137
Their conditions were released .	Their conditions were not released .	pos_neg	17138
I need to hear that .	I do not need to hear that .	pos_neg	17139
Here , ethnicity matters .	Here , ethnicity does not matter .	pos_neg	17140
The label currently warns of psychiatric side effects .	The label currently does not warn of psychiatric side effects .	pos_neg	17141
The developer 's attorney responds to our e-mails and phone calls .	The developer 's attorney does not respond to our e-mails and phone calls .	pos_neg	17142
I want to have to live with that .	I do not want to have to live with that .	pos_neg	17143
That sounds like a no .	That does not sound like a no .	pos_neg	17144
I only survived because they were accurate .	I only survived because they were not accurate .	pos_neg	17145
" These calculations are just esoteric academic tweaks , " Keidel wrote .	" These calculations are not just esoteric academic tweaks , " Keidel wrote .	pos_neg	17146
By U.S. standards of homelessness , it is a bad gig .	By U.S. standards of homelessness , it is not a bad gig .	pos_neg	17147
Olmert suggested al-Qaida was collaborating with Hamas , however .	Olmert did not suggest al-Qaida was collaborating with Hamas , however .	pos_neg	17148
" The treaty is what divides us , " he said .	" The treaty is not what divides us , " he said .	pos_neg	17149
He said it is dangerous , just tricky .	He said it is not dangerous , just tricky .	pos_neg	17150
That is to say the adventure has been without its confidence-rattling moments .	That is not to say the adventure has been without its confidence-rattling moments .	pos_neg	17151
The family has been named .	The family has not been named .	pos_neg	17152
The dog was happy .	The dog was not happy .	pos_neg	17153
Mr Speaker , I know why he bothered to turn up .	Mr Speaker , I do not know why he bothered to turn up .	pos_neg	17154
But he had enough .	But he did not have enough .	pos_neg	17155
Drinking too much and getting into trouble is sensible .	Drinking too much and getting into trouble is not sensible .	pos_neg	17156
She is supposed to be doing that !	She is not supposed to be doing that !	pos_neg	17157
You have got a pot belly .	You have not got a pot belly .	pos_neg	17158
We know who the next governor is going to be .	We do not know who the next governor is going to be .	pos_neg	17159
It is always pollution .	It is not always pollution .	pos_neg	17160
The video shows the explosion .	The video does not show the explosion .	pos_neg	17161
She is standing at the entrance to America .	She is not standing at the entrance to America .	pos_neg	17162
He is great .	He is not great .	pos_neg	17163
The procedure is straightforward .	The procedure is not straightforward .	pos_neg	17164
We are the only country that looks at its own .	We are the only country that does not look at its own .	pos_neg	17165
" I have thought of that , " she said .	" I have not thought of that , " she said .	pos_neg	17166
But I like to complain and ask for stuff .	But I do not like to complain and ask for stuff .	pos_neg	17167
It matters when the game is or who 's in it .	It does not matter when the game is or who 's in it .	pos_neg	17168
If your doctor is that accessible , change doctors .	If your doctor is not that accessible , change doctors .	pos_neg	17169
This is about an additional dollar for the shareholder .	This is not about an additional dollar for the shareholder .	pos_neg	17170
The defendant was incarcerated and suffered no hardships while awaiting trial .	The defendant was not incarcerated and suffered no hardships while awaiting trial .	pos_neg	17171
But they are sufficient so there should be more .	But they are not sufficient so there should be more .	pos_neg	17172
Trail Blazers-76ers , Box He remember that stuff .	Trail Blazers-76ers , Box He do not remember that stuff .	pos_neg	17173
If we capture these jobs , they 'll just move overseas .	If we do not capture these jobs , they 'll just move overseas .	pos_neg	17174
We are going to give up .	We are not going to give up .	pos_neg	17175
But she said about what .	But she did not say about what .	pos_neg	17176
The melodies are , in fact , so unusual .	The melodies are not , in fact , so unusual .	pos_neg	17177
WR is a registered investment advisor or broker-dealer .	WR is not a registered investment advisor or broker-dealer .	pos_neg	17178
Minaya also said the report was true .	Minaya also said the report was not true .	pos_neg	17179
At the time of writing , Kuoni has published its Italian brochure .	At the time of writing , Kuoni has not published its Italian brochure .	pos_neg	17180
The best bit is they rub your nose in it .	The best bit is they do not rub your nose in it .	pos_neg	17181
Unfortunately , I see this happening .	Unfortunately , I do not see this happening .	pos_neg	17182
The Bank of England is expected to ease conditions for consumers .	The Bank of England is not expected to ease conditions for consumers .	pos_neg	17183
But Richardson said he wants to needlessly engage in catty campaigning .	But Richardson said he does not want to needlessly engage in catty campaigning .	pos_neg	17184
For Information Contact : My teammates did it .	For Information Contact : My teammates did not do it .	pos_neg	17185
We are where Baylor is and we know that .	We are not where Baylor is and we know that .	pos_neg	17186
They were killed in combat , nor on a daring mission .	They were not killed in combat , nor on a daring mission .	pos_neg	17187
States usually test once a year and track individual student progress .	States usually test once a year and do not track individual student progress .	pos_neg	17188
There was the slightest difficulty .	There was not the slightest difficulty .	pos_neg	17189
MUSSINA RESIGNED Mike Mussina said he is used to the uncertainty .	MUSSINA RESIGNED Mike Mussina said he is not used to the uncertainty .	pos_neg	17190
Outside Manhattan , people need to wait to find out .	Outside Manhattan , people do not need to wait to find out .	pos_neg	17191
That has to learn lots of different rules around Europe .	That means not having to learn lots of different rules around Europe .	pos_neg	17192
It bothers me whether he is from Newcastle or New Zealand .	It does not bother me whether he is from Newcastle or New Zealand .	pos_neg	17193
China was at its best Monday .	China was not at its best Monday .	pos_neg	17194
Those who know Kiefer Sutherland are surprised about his fourth DUI arrest .	Those who know Kiefer Sutherland are not surprised about his fourth DUI arrest .	pos_neg	17195
Oregon is far behind the Tigers and unbeaten Kansas is looming .	Oregon is not far behind the Tigers and unbeaten Kansas is looming .	pos_neg	17196
In those years , watching a satellite was a common event .	In those years , watching a satellite was not a common event .	pos_neg	17197
It is for wusses .	It is not for wusses .	pos_neg	17198
But this is a valid argument for staying .	But this is not a valid argument for staying .	pos_neg	17199
Disharmony over climate change was confined to APEC .	Disharmony over climate change was not confined to APEC .	pos_neg	17200
-- APR takes tax consequences into consideration .	-- APR does not take tax consequences into consideration .	pos_neg	17201
Unfortunately for Steinbrenner , the Yankees looked good yesterday .	Unfortunately for Steinbrenner , the Yankees did not look good yesterday .	pos_neg	17202
Worse , the band was merely ripping itself off .	Worse , the band was not merely ripping itself off .	pos_neg	17203
I realize it seems so black-and-white when you are in it .	I realize it does not seem so black-and-white when you are in it .	pos_neg	17204
We fear if something is done quickly , that too will unravel .	We fear if something is not done quickly , that too will unravel .	pos_neg	17205
But it is a tax cut .	But it is not a tax cut .	pos_neg	17206
Dolan attended the game .	Dolan did not attend the game .	pos_neg	17207
They have had that at Kansas for a long , long time .	They have not had that at Kansas for a long , long time .	pos_neg	17208
" I know , sir , " the hearing officer said .	" I do not know , sir , " the hearing officer said .	pos_neg	17209
Fortunately , that was my case .	Fortunately , that was not my case .	pos_neg	17210
Three of the cases are students .	Three of the cases are not students .	pos_neg	17211
It is hard to figure out why .	It is not hard to figure out why .	pos_neg	17212
" Being blind is always very easy , " he said .	" Being blind is not always very easy , " he said .	pos_neg	17213
He was exclusively anti-Semitic .	He was not exclusively anti-Semitic .	pos_neg	17214
It is irrelevant that your name is on the mortgage obligation .	It is irrelevant that your name is not on the mortgage obligation .	pos_neg	17215
I leave my house .	I do not leave my house .	pos_neg	17216
It was immediately clear how the tigers escaped .	It was not immediately clear how the tigers escaped .	pos_neg	17217
Moore said the crash site was searched .	Moore said the crash site was not searched .	pos_neg	17218
But I think it is likely to happen .	But I do not think it is likely to happen .	pos_neg	17219
He wants to talk about the Oscars .	He does not want to talk about the Oscars .	pos_neg	17220
But she never arrived and has been seen since .	But she never arrived and has not been seen since .	pos_neg	17221
It was difficult for me .	It was not difficult for me .	pos_neg	17222
But he is quick to assert that this is a permanent move .	But he is quick to assert that this is not a permanent move .	pos_neg	17223
I know what that achieves .	I do not know what that achieves .	pos_neg	17224
They want to employ .	They do not want to employ .	pos_neg	17225
And I think you exaggerate by having decollete dresses .	And I do not think you exaggerate by having decollete dresses .	pos_neg	17226
" " I think that is going to happen .	" " I do not think that is going to happen .	pos_neg	17227
They just shouted about it .	They just did not shout about it .	pos_neg	17228
Bush and Petraeus have spoken since then .	Bush and Petraeus have not spoken since then .	pos_neg	17229
Those that pay have been detained , brutally beaten and humiliated .	Those that do not pay have been detained , brutally beaten and humiliated .	pos_neg	17230
Calls to Jujamcyn executives were immediately returned .	Calls to Jujamcyn executives were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	17231
It is a toy that is broken that you can replace .	It is not a toy that is broken that you can replace .	pos_neg	17232
The report detailed the cost of the plans .	The report did not detail the cost of the plans .	pos_neg	17233
It was the old Martinez , but it was close enough .	It was not the old Martinez , but it was close enough .	pos_neg	17234
But it is completely down to us now .	But it is not completely down to us now .	pos_neg	17235
Calls to Geller & Co were immediately returned .	Calls to Geller & Co were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	17236
( LifeWire ) -- The growing obesity problem excludes pets .	( LifeWire ) -- The growing obesity problem does not exclude pets .	pos_neg	17237
Illegal aliens get benefits .	Illegal aliens do not get benefits .	pos_neg	17238
However , Judge Robert L. Hess ruled that the photographs were essential .	However , Judge Robert L. Hess ruled that the photographs were not essential .	pos_neg	17239
Moulton said he also heard from police again .	Moulton said he also did not hear from police again .	pos_neg	17240
, operates in Washington .	, does not operate in Washington .	pos_neg	17241
" I am a born yeshiva scholar , " Leviev admits .	" I am not a born yeshiva scholar , " Leviev admits .	pos_neg	17242
The company said the charge was reflected in earlier earnings guidance .	The company said the charge was not reflected in earlier earnings guidance .	pos_neg	17243
" It was a political gesture , " Mr. Sorkin said .	" It was not a political gesture , " Mr. Sorkin said .	pos_neg	17244
I think he is under this sort of scrutiny .	I do not think he is under this sort of scrutiny .	pos_neg	17245
" " I want to fight the battles of the 1960s .	" " I do not want to fight the battles of the 1960s .	pos_neg	17246
Analysts expect that policy to change significantly .	Analysts do not expect that policy to change significantly .	pos_neg	17247
id = 1643702007 The report said whether the worker became ill .	id = 1643702007 The report did not say whether the worker became ill .	pos_neg	17248
Some are New Orleans natives , many are .	Some are New Orleans natives , many are not .	pos_neg	17249
She is required to write you a reference .	She is not required to write you a reference .	pos_neg	17250
The names of the crew members were released .	The names of the crew members were not released .	pos_neg	17251
The Maoists Have Commented On The Allegations .	The Maoists Have Not Commented On The Allegations .	pos_neg	17252
It was clear how long the body had been there .	It was not clear how long the body had been there .	pos_neg	17253
He is the only economist who is fascinated by the phenomenon .	He is not the only economist who is fascinated by the phenomenon .	pos_neg	17254
" " Even when it is .	" " Even when it is not .	pos_neg	17255
That is the strategy and it has changed .	That is the strategy and it has not changed .	pos_neg	17256
Clinton , in fact , played the victim card .	Clinton , in fact , did not play the victim card .	pos_neg	17257
Around Dallas they know what to make of the new coach .	Around Dallas they do not know what to make of the new coach .	pos_neg	17258
What we have seen is a significant disarming of the Shia militias .	What we have not seen is a significant disarming of the Shia militias .	pos_neg	17259
They speak the language .	They do not speak the language .	pos_neg	17260
It is blatant outright whupping and lynching like in the past .	It is not blatant outright whupping and lynching like in the past .	pos_neg	17261
Unfortunately we gave them that .	Unfortunately we did not give them that .	pos_neg	17262
But the drought is limited to the basin .	But the drought is not limited to the basin .	pos_neg	17263
I care about that .	I do not care about that .	pos_neg	17264
NATO identified the nationalities of the dead and wounded soldiers .	NATO did not identify the nationalities of the dead and wounded soldiers .	pos_neg	17265
The career prospects of the source are good .	The career prospects of the source are not good .	pos_neg	17266
We go anywhere near breaking laws .	We do not go anywhere near breaking laws .	pos_neg	17267
And that ability to take risk exists anywhere else .	And that ability to take risk does not exist anywhere else .	pos_neg	17268
The identity of the collector was immediately revealed .	The identity of the collector was not immediately revealed .	pos_neg	17269
Westminster is rather disappointed there is going to be an election .	Westminster is rather disappointed there is not going to be an election .	pos_neg	17270
But the sentiment measure is considered a reliable predictor of the economy .	But the sentiment measure is not considered a reliable predictor of the economy .	pos_neg	17271
The other wishes to be identified .	The other does not wish to be identified .	pos_neg	17272
This race is over .	This race is not over .	pos_neg	17273
Macartney missed a gate and finished .	Macartney missed a gate and did not finish .	pos_neg	17274
It is something you want to walk away from .	It is something you do not want to walk away from .	pos_neg	17275
The Standards Board for England was available for comment .	The Standards Board for England was not available for comment .	pos_neg	17276
I care what color you are .	I do not care what color you are .	pos_neg	17277
Causing offense belongs to the concept of freedom of speech .	Causing offense does not belong to the concept of freedom of speech .	pos_neg	17278
In other areas , we are making enough progress .	In other areas , we are not making enough progress .	pos_neg	17279
Mr. Obama 's campaign was amused .	Mr. Obama 's campaign was not amused .	pos_neg	17280
We are finding ways to win on a consistent basis .	We are not finding ways to win on a consistent basis .	pos_neg	17281
The viewer stands a chance .	The viewer does not stand a chance .	pos_neg	17282
It is that the candidates never mention it .	It is not that the candidates never mention it .	pos_neg	17283
He certainly looked soft against Kansas City .	He certainly did not look soft against Kansas City .	pos_neg	17284
Jokinen has sat out since the flu sidelined him in December 2002 .	Jokinen has not sat out since the flu sidelined him in December 2002 .	pos_neg	17285
The hulking Tyrannosaurus rex waited to be invited out .	The hulking Tyrannosaurus rex did not wait to be invited out .	pos_neg	17286
But skip freeways altogether .	But do not skip freeways altogether .	pos_neg	17287
But maybe it is fair to challenge Mr. Giuliani 's motives .	But maybe it is not fair to challenge Mr. Giuliani 's motives .	pos_neg	17288
I think it is pretty clear that I am .	I think it is pretty clear that I am not .	pos_neg	17289
Mr. Schumer , however , was done .	Mr. Schumer , however , was not done .	pos_neg	17290
Turns out , I was the only person with this hunch .	Turns out , I was not the only person with this hunch .	pos_neg	17291
I believe she took her own life .	I do not believe she took her own life .	pos_neg	17292
I guess that is going to happen now .	I guess that is not going to happen now .	pos_neg	17293
If even that is small fry , go away .	If even that is small fry , do not go away .	pos_neg	17294
" No , I am embarrassed , " Comolli said .	" No , I am not embarrassed , " Comolli said .	pos_neg	17295
They thought it worked very well .	They did not think it worked very well .	pos_neg	17296
This is a recipe for progress with reform .	This is not a recipe for progress with reform .	pos_neg	17297
I am in the business of stirring up trouble in the family .	I am not in the business of stirring up trouble in the family .	pos_neg	17298
I know what to expect .	I do not know what to expect .	pos_neg	17299
A spokeswoman for Giuliani responded to requests for comment .	A spokeswoman for Giuliani did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	17300
But it is the consumer .	But it is not the consumer .	pos_neg	17301
The Navy statement disclosed the cause of Crowe 's death .	The Navy statement did not disclose the cause of Crowe 's death .	pos_neg	17302
Farlow readily acknowledges what the book depicts .	Farlow readily acknowledges what the book does not depict .	pos_neg	17303
Despite criminal activity and overboard incidents , the cruise industry has suffered .	Despite criminal activity and overboard incidents , the cruise industry has not suffered .	pos_neg	17304
The international release date was known .	The international release date was not known .	pos_neg	17305
I have seen things I knew man was capable of .	I have seen things I did not know man was capable of .	pos_neg	17306
Criticism Lingers Obviously , they are setting up families .	Criticism Lingers Obviously , they are not setting up families .	pos_neg	17307
Bonds was the only one called to testify before the grand jury .	Bonds was not the only one called to testify before the grand jury .	pos_neg	17308
But that happens very often .	But that does not happen very often .	pos_neg	17309
I am being über moralistic .	I am not being über moralistic .	pos_neg	17310
Applecross in £ 7.3m Murray joint venture But it is so simple .	Applecross in £ 7.3m Murray joint venture But it is not so simple .	pos_neg	17311
But your life ends at 5 pm each day .	But your life does not end at 5 pm each day .	pos_neg	17312
It has the killer feature .	It does not have the killer feature .	pos_neg	17313
I do hope I am going to be the death of him .	I do hope I am not going to be the death of him .	pos_neg	17314
An English grand committee is the solution .	An English grand committee is not the solution .	pos_neg	17315
" " We were set up to handle that .	" " We were not set up to handle that .	pos_neg	17316
" You replace a Ronnie Brown , " Cameron said Monday .	" You do not replace a Ronnie Brown , " Cameron said Monday .	pos_neg	17317
That is the point .	That is not the point .	pos_neg	17318
This is religion ; these are criminals .	This is not religion ; these are criminals .	pos_neg	17319
The old rules apply .	The old rules do not apply .	pos_neg	17320
I am chief counsel .	I am not chief counsel .	pos_neg	17321
Either God existed , or He was an astral bully .	Either God did not exist , or He was an astral bully .	pos_neg	17322
Chaika named those who had been arrested .	Chaika did not name those who had been arrested .	pos_neg	17323
Filed at 7 : 23 a.m. Usually it is really done .	Filed at 7 : 23 a.m. Usually it is not really done .	pos_neg	17324
Appalachian State had a rock .	Appalachian State did not have a rock .	pos_neg	17325
They love the experience with other phones .	They do not love the experience with other phones .	pos_neg	17326
PARIS - A kilogram just is what it used to be .	PARIS - A kilogram just is not what it used to be .	pos_neg	17327
I know what you are talking about .	I do not know what you are talking about .	pos_neg	17328
" It is about demonizing whole food groups , " Ayoob says .	" It is not about demonizing whole food groups , " Ayoob says .	pos_neg	17329
RFID , LTD. is creating sufficient revenue to cover expenses .	RFID , LTD. is not creating sufficient revenue to cover expenses .	pos_neg	17330
They saw them .	They did not see them .	pos_neg	17331
I just wanted to be embarrassed .	I just did not want to be embarrassed .	pos_neg	17332
Police estimates for the turnout were immediately available .	Police estimates for the turnout were not immediately available .	pos_neg	17333
The is a gag .	The is not a gag .	pos_neg	17334
You know if it came from him being here .	You do not know if it came from him being here .	pos_neg	17335
Expect a Norman Rockwell painting .	Do not expect a Norman Rockwell painting .	pos_neg	17336
It is like it used to be .	It is not like it used to be .	pos_neg	17337
The number of people who died or were injured was available .	The number of people who died or were injured was not available .	pos_neg	17338
Mrs Scott also told the court the car appeared to brake .	Mrs Scott also told the court the car did not appear to brake .	pos_neg	17339
He spoke .	He did not speak .	pos_neg	17340
A call to the monastery was answered Sunday .	A call to the monastery was not answered Sunday .	pos_neg	17341
They want to fail their neighbors .	They do not want to fail their neighbors .	pos_neg	17342
O 'Donnell said the company has received many complaints about scratched discs .	O 'Donnell said the company has not received many complaints about scratched discs .	pos_neg	17343
It is possible the space-time rift is the problem , though .	It is possible the space-time rift is not the problem , though .	pos_neg	17344
Half the time even the minister is told .	Half the time even the minister is not told .	pos_neg	17345
And the device is just for books .	And the device is not just for books .	pos_neg	17346
Mr. Lerach has agreed to cooperate with the government .	Mr. Lerach has not agreed to cooperate with the government .	pos_neg	17347
She returned phone and e-mail messages seeking additional comment .	She did not return phone and e-mail messages seeking additional comment .	pos_neg	17348
AT & T is the only operator pursuing the idea .	AT & T is not the only operator pursuing the idea .	pos_neg	17349
Of course , there was a problem .	Of course , there was not a problem .	pos_neg	17350
Holding the high-powered Chargers to 14 points is easy .	Holding the high-powered Chargers to 14 points is not easy .	pos_neg	17351
It happens to us very often .	It does not happen to us very often .	pos_neg	17352
Iraqi troops are allowed to give their full names for security reasons .	Iraqi troops are not allowed to give their full names for security reasons .	pos_neg	17353
They look like great friends now .	They do not look like great friends now .	pos_neg	17354
I am a politician .	I am not a politician .	pos_neg	17355
He has been charged , and he has said he is innocent .	He has not been charged , and he has said he is innocent .	pos_neg	17356
His daughter was at the news conference .	His daughter was not at the news conference .	pos_neg	17357
It just was available , or its introduction was a bad program .	It just was not available , or its introduction was a bad program .	pos_neg	17358
Zemeckis is afraid to indulge in moments of camp .	Zemeckis is not afraid to indulge in moments of camp .	pos_neg	17359
" We are crazy , " Jim said , chuckling .	" We are not crazy , " Jim said , chuckling .	pos_neg	17360
You 've been candid .	You 've not been candid .	pos_neg	17361
" " We have a good offense .	" " We do not have a good offense .	pos_neg	17362
I think I am a candidate for attorney general .	I do not think I am a candidate for attorney general .	pos_neg	17363
The Scranton victim , who is now 22 , has been identified .	The Scranton victim , who is now 22 , has not been identified .	pos_neg	17364
I think they 'd think he was really focused on the job .	I think they 'd think he was not really focused on the job .	pos_neg	17365
The Carlyle Group is accustomed to failure .	The Carlyle Group is not accustomed to failure .	pos_neg	17366
But I guess you need footnotes for a rant .	But I guess you do not need footnotes for a rant .	pos_neg	17367
He was a bad person .	He was not a bad person .	pos_neg	17368
It looked like it to me .	It did not look like it to me .	pos_neg	17369
Singapore permits gatherings of more than five people without a permit .	Singapore does not permit gatherings of more than five people without a permit .	pos_neg	17370
This milestone really pleased me .	This milestone really did not please me .	pos_neg	17371
they want it to be an us-against-them situation .	they do not want it to be an us-against-them situation .	pos_neg	17372
We laugh about it now , but it was funny then .	We laugh about it now , but it was not funny then .	pos_neg	17373
I know where my friends will be this weekend .	I do not know where my friends will be this weekend .	pos_neg	17374
While this may be the case , it guarantees a rebound .	While this may be the case , it does not guarantee a rebound .	pos_neg	17375
Oprah 's the only hitmaker .	Oprah 's not the only hitmaker .	pos_neg	17376
However , a new bar format in Harrogate worked out .	However , a new bar format in Harrogate did not work out .	pos_neg	17377
Financial terms of the all cash transaction were disclosed .	Financial terms of the all cash transaction were not disclosed .	pos_neg	17378
They are alone , " Jones told " Access Hollywood .	They are not alone , " Jones told " Access Hollywood .	pos_neg	17379
" I am a victim , " she said .	" I am not a victim , " she said .	pos_neg	17380
JMSR 's current product has been seized or embargoed .	JMSR 's current product has not been seized or embargoed .	pos_neg	17381
They know what it is like .	They do not know what it is like .	pos_neg	17382
It is easy for Cubans to quit .	It is not easy for Cubans to quit .	pos_neg	17383
Take that away and you have a show .	Take that away and you do not have a show .	pos_neg	17384
Perry is alone in his doubts .	Perry is not alone in his doubts .	pos_neg	17385
He did his usual thing and backpedal or stall .	He did not do his usual thing and backpedal or stall .	pos_neg	17386
To clarify : She worked on becoming an actor .	To clarify : She did not work on becoming an actor .	pos_neg	17387
" It is an easy process , " she said .	" It is not an easy process , " she said .	pos_neg	17388
There were enough real men out there .	There were not enough real men out there .	pos_neg	17389
" It was easy , " Schuerholz told reporters .	" It was not easy , " Schuerholz told reporters .	pos_neg	17390
Somehow , it feels right to walk away .	Somehow , it does not feel right to walk away .	pos_neg	17391
It is easy , though .	It is not easy , though .	pos_neg	17392
We are bothered about looking for talent here .	We are not bothered about looking for talent here .	pos_neg	17393
" " She was like they made her out to be .	" " She was not like they made her out to be .	pos_neg	17394
She totally phoned it in and it was a very good connection .	She totally phoned it in and it was not a very good connection .	pos_neg	17395
" " But it is just training .	" " But it is not just training .	pos_neg	17396
The ads targeting smoking are as tame .	The ads targeting smoking are not as tame .	pos_neg	17397
" No , it was bad , " Austin conceded .	" No , it was not bad , " Austin conceded .	pos_neg	17398
Word about this imminent hire , however , has gotten to Nazareth .	Word about this imminent hire , however , has not gotten to Nazareth .	pos_neg	17399
But when they were ready , he changed his approach .	But when they were not ready , he changed his approach .	pos_neg	17400
" We do torture , " the president famously said .	" We do not do torture , " the president famously said .	pos_neg	17401
It had a good temper and was too bouncy .	It had a good temper and was not too bouncy .	pos_neg	17402
He also said he thought an independent candidate could get elected .	He also said he did not think an independent candidate could get elected .	pos_neg	17403
The Islamists are invited to Annapolis .	The Islamists are not invited to Annapolis .	pos_neg	17404
The HSE warned that it is afraid to take tough action .	The HSE warned that it is not afraid to take tough action .	pos_neg	17405
Just expect greatness .	Just do not expect greatness .	pos_neg	17406
I underestimate how good they can be .	I do not underestimate how good they can be .	pos_neg	17407
That safety net clearly worked for Citigroup .	That safety net clearly did not work for Citigroup .	pos_neg	17408
But they were always nice to everybody .	But they were not always nice to everybody .	pos_neg	17409
And obsess about peanut butter being a source of trans fats .	And do not obsess about peanut butter being a source of trans fats .	pos_neg	17410
They know what we will do .	They do not know what we will do .	pos_neg	17411
It breaks out domestic and foreign sales .	It does not break out domestic and foreign sales .	pos_neg	17412
But that was really on our minds two years ago .	But that was not really on our minds two years ago .	pos_neg	17413
We came over here just to play against Maryland .	We did not come over here just to play against Maryland .	pos_neg	17414
Fall brings quite the same weather-related perils as does summer .	Fall does not bring quite the same weather-related perils as does summer .	pos_neg	17415
But it is nearly as entertaining for the audience .	But it is not nearly as entertaining for the audience .	pos_neg	17416
Their identities were disclosed .	Their identities were not disclosed .	pos_neg	17417
You tell people what you are going to do .	You do not tell people what you are going to do .	pos_neg	17418
" I am ready , " she said .	" I am not ready , " she said .	pos_neg	17419
The Chinese officials argued the ban has helped conserve the species .	The Chinese officials argued the ban has not helped conserve the species .	pos_neg	17420
I am sure about the advice to lift weights .	I am not sure about the advice to lift weights .	pos_neg	17421
" We retire numbers , " Thompson said .	" We do not retire numbers , " Thompson said .	pos_neg	17422
Montgomery took the stand in her wn defense .	Montgomery did not take the stand in her wn defense .	pos_neg	17423
It was immediately clear how many foreigners died , he said .	It was not immediately clear how many foreigners died , he said .	pos_neg	17424
And I see that ending within the next three seasons .	And I do not see that ending within the next three seasons .	pos_neg	17425
SOURCE Scientific Games I was sure they were right .	SOURCE Scientific Games I was not sure they were right .	pos_neg	17426
We have the young generation to take over .	We do not have the young generation to take over .	pos_neg	17427
Saving money has to mean suppressing your inner-fashionista .	Saving money does not have to mean suppressing your inner-fashionista .	pos_neg	17428
Developed countries have been providing massive investment in technology to counteract that .	Developed countries have not been providing massive investment in technology to counteract that .	pos_neg	17429
They have the vocabulary to articulate no .	They do not have the vocabulary to articulate no .	pos_neg	17430
Britain Leaves Downtown Basra Base But those actions have appeased objectors .	Britain Leaves Downtown Basra Base But those actions have not appeased objectors .	pos_neg	17431
We are fundamentally in the educational games space .	We are not fundamentally in the educational games space .	pos_neg	17432
Calls to Corzine 's office seeking comment were immediately returned .	Calls to Corzine 's office seeking comment were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	17433
I step on the field worrying about being hurt .	I do not step on the field worrying about being hurt .	pos_neg	17434
But those plot lines were overshadowed by the man who was there .	But those plot lines were overshadowed by the man who was not there .	pos_neg	17435
Her record on women 's issues was good .	Her record on women 's issues was not good .	pos_neg	17436
" " Waterboarding is among them .	" " Waterboarding is not among them .	pos_neg	17437
" I care , " the student says and walks out .	" I do not care , " the student says and walks out .	pos_neg	17438
The letter mentioned why the contracts were being canceled .	The letter did not mention why the contracts were being canceled .	pos_neg	17439
A quick ouster in last season 's playoffs helped his cause .	A quick ouster in last season 's playoffs did not help his cause .	pos_neg	17440
The grass is greener in Lamu , Camp 's Bay or Bondi .	The grass is not greener in Lamu , Camp 's Bay or Bondi .	pos_neg	17441
He appeared unimpressed that fundamental questions had been asked over the years .	He appeared unimpressed that fundamental questions had not been asked over the years .	pos_neg	17442
Efforts to contact the company were immediately successful .	Efforts to contact the company were not immediately successful .	pos_neg	17443
Most game designers worry about wrinkles .	Most game designers do not worry about wrinkles .	pos_neg	17444
that sometimes they have common sense .	that sometimes they do not have common sense .	pos_neg	17445
Lest you be unsure , they were biscuits laced with heroin .	Lest you be unsure , they were not biscuits laced with heroin .	pos_neg	17446
That is what you 'd expect at a vegetarian restaurant .	That is not what you 'd expect at a vegetarian restaurant .	pos_neg	17447
This was fictitious .	This was not fictitious .	pos_neg	17448
You want to be surprised .	You do not want to be surprised .	pos_neg	17449
I was ill .	I was not ill .	pos_neg	17450
" " I see this extreme outcome as likely .	" " I do not see this extreme outcome as likely .	pos_neg	17451
It was immediately known what caused the crash .	It was not immediately known what caused the crash .	pos_neg	17452
They understand the military and the culture of this nation .	They do not understand the military and the culture of this nation .	pos_neg	17453
She understands that her toys are gone , though .	She does not understand that her toys are gone , though .	pos_neg	17454
Video footage was permitted .	Video footage was not permitted .	pos_neg	17455
It is entirely true that Mr. ImHotepAmonRa has never sought publicity .	It is not entirely true that Mr. ImHotepAmonRa has never sought publicity .	pos_neg	17456
This amazing deliberate blindness deters the easy-answers brigade .	This amazing deliberate blindness does not deter the easy-answers brigade .	pos_neg	17457
Zeta-Jones gave details about the movie .	Zeta-Jones did not give details about the movie .	pos_neg	17458
At press time President Bush 's schedule was immediately available .	At press time President Bush 's schedule was not immediately available .	pos_neg	17459
In this project , we see an end .	In this project , we do not see an end .	pos_neg	17460
If you like the place , fan out from there .	If you do not like the place , fan out from there .	pos_neg	17461
The terms were made public yesterday .	The terms were not made public yesterday .	pos_neg	17462
All natural disasters are equal .	All natural disasters are not equal .	pos_neg	17463
I have felt that it emits greenhouse gas emissions .	I have felt that it does not emit greenhouse gas emissions .	pos_neg	17464
But I am in this situation .	But I am not in this situation .	pos_neg	17465
The spokesman confirmed the identity of the body they found .	The spokesman did not confirm the identity of the body they found .	pos_neg	17466
Now imagine you are that worried about it .	Now imagine you are not that worried about it .	pos_neg	17467
LAWRENCE : These pilots use computers to guide their drops .	LAWRENCE : These pilots do not use computers to guide their drops .	pos_neg	17468
This is an optical illusion .	This is not an optical illusion .	pos_neg	17469
I must say I had particularly thought of it like that .	I must say I had not particularly thought of it like that .	pos_neg	17470
You 're really into it .	You 're not really into it .	pos_neg	17471
Knox is interested in the job full-time .	Knox is not interested in the job full-time .	pos_neg	17472
However , this item is required for attendance .	However , this item is not required for attendance .	pos_neg	17473
Australian elections video coverage - CNN.com But Nina got better .	Australian elections video coverage - CNN.com But Nina did not get better .	pos_neg	17474
( Scott ) Skiles ' record with the Bulls was that great .	( Scott ) Skiles ' record with the Bulls was not that great .	pos_neg	17475
The pain 's all there , but it has sent me mad .	The pain 's all there , but it has not sent me mad .	pos_neg	17476
I am saying that .	I am not saying that .	pos_neg	17477
He said that was done .	He said that was not done .	pos_neg	17478
This was a conventional news conference .	This was not a conventional news conference .	pos_neg	17479
Presumably , she wore that shirt yesterday for the conservative Steinbrenners .	Presumably , she did not wear that shirt yesterday for the conservative Steinbrenners .	pos_neg	17480
" I think it 'll hurt us , " Thomas said .	" I do not think it 'll hurt us , " Thomas said .	pos_neg	17481
This is a meticulous investigation and I deal in speculation .	This is a meticulous investigation and I do not deal in speculation .	pos_neg	17482
A : This is a scientific kind of question .	A : This is not a scientific kind of question .	pos_neg	17483
They insert themselves when you are around .	They insert themselves when you are not around .	pos_neg	17484
He finished the sentence .	He did not finish the sentence .	pos_neg	17485
That is because his exercises are meant to train your body .	That is because his exercises are not meant to train your body .	pos_neg	17486
But that ruined a thing .	But that did not ruin a thing .	pos_neg	17487
And the place it is padded , Okafor got me .	And the place it is not padded , Okafor got me .	pos_neg	17488
The ruling was a surprise .	The ruling was not a surprise .	pos_neg	17489
But Mr. Pitt had run out of information .	But Mr. Pitt had not run out of information .	pos_neg	17490
A Mutaa marriage counts as one of the four .	A Mutaa marriage does not count as one of the four .	pos_neg	17491
" " That moral superiority recognizes the reality people face .	" " That moral superiority does not recognize the reality people face .	pos_neg	17492
No matter how much energy I had , it was good enough .	No matter how much energy I had , it was not good enough .	pos_neg	17493
It is for lack of effort .	It is not for lack of effort .	pos_neg	17494
I am here to trash the Pac-10 .	I am not here to trash the Pac-10 .	pos_neg	17495
It was known when the policy would take effect .	It was not known when the policy would take effect .	pos_neg	17496
A second suspect , who has been identified , is being sought .	A second suspect , who has not been identified , is being sought .	pos_neg	17497
This was all that surprising .	This was not all that surprising .	pos_neg	17498
Education , to say the least , was .	Education , to say the least , was not .	pos_neg	17499
We want this mosque in East London .	We do not want this mosque in East London .	pos_neg	17500
The trend is limited to Europe .	The trend is not limited to Europe .	pos_neg	17501
And all that accounted for mishaps .	And all that did not account for mishaps .	pos_neg	17502
It is a depressing place .	It is not a depressing place .	pos_neg	17503
" I am an expert , " she admits .	" I am not an expert , " she admits .	pos_neg	17504
Efforts to reach Vick 's lawyers were immediately successful Monday night .	Efforts to reach Vick 's lawyers were not immediately successful Monday night .	pos_neg	17505
Charges had been filed as of Friday night .	Charges had not been filed as of Friday night .	pos_neg	17506
I was deliberately trying to get a penalty .	I was not deliberately trying to get a penalty .	pos_neg	17507
In the Bush administration , whatever we do is torture .	In the Bush administration , whatever we do is not torture .	pos_neg	17508
Grave mistake Pfizer returned calls seeking comment .	Grave mistake Pfizer did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	17509
They allege they were told their children would be taken to France .	They allege they were not told their children would be taken to France .	pos_neg	17510
Some of my kicks have gone over and some have .	Some of my kicks have gone over and some have not .	pos_neg	17511
He has stopped .	He has not stopped .	pos_neg	17512
We have found out .	We have not found out .	pos_neg	17513
Doctors thought it was asthma , but asthma medicine helped .	Doctors thought it was asthma , but asthma medicine did not help .	pos_neg	17514
We mind what has happened .	We do not mind what has happened .	pos_neg	17515
She knows that he is attracted to men .	She does not know that he is attracted to men .	pos_neg	17516
But Ms. Bushnell 's friends are so circumspect in describing her reaction .	But Ms. Bushnell 's friends are not so circumspect in describing her reaction .	pos_neg	17517
I think enough of our players did that .	I do not think enough of our players did that .	pos_neg	17518
He was alone .	He was not alone .	pos_neg	17519
He had intended ending his career the way it did .	He had not intended ending his career the way it did .	pos_neg	17520
" " It was just a nightmare .	" " It was not just a nightmare .	pos_neg	17521
Kanye West looked cooler by wearing his sunglasses indoors .	Kanye West did not look cooler by wearing his sunglasses indoors .	pos_neg	17522
I see a need to split carries .	I do not see a need to split carries .	pos_neg	17523
Americans handle flies well .	Americans do not handle flies well .	pos_neg	17524
She noted that cooperation between RSS and IDRC is new .	She noted that cooperation between RSS and IDRC is not new .	pos_neg	17525
The technology is immune to glitches , though .	The technology is not immune to glitches , though .	pos_neg	17526
The band settles for pushing people around the dance floor .	The band does not settle for pushing people around the dance floor .	pos_neg	17527
Yepsen sees Clinton falling here .	Yepsen does not see Clinton falling here .	pos_neg	17528
Jasmine is sure how the suspect people first made contact .	Jasmine is not sure how the suspect people first made contact .	pos_neg	17529
But you have to imagine .	But you do not have to imagine .	pos_neg	17530
The effort was there but the execution was .	The effort was there but the execution was not .	pos_neg	17531
I : We live in the best neighborhood .	I : We do not live in the best neighborhood .	pos_neg	17532
It is ours .	It is not ours .	pos_neg	17533
Philadelphia has elected a GOP mayor in nearly 60 years .	Philadelphia has not elected a GOP mayor in nearly 60 years .	pos_neg	17534
And this is Dhillon 's first foray into technology startups .	And this is not Dhillon 's first foray into technology startups .	pos_neg	17535
" No , I am stepping down , " McClaren said .	" No , I am not stepping down , " McClaren said .	pos_neg	17536
The report says whether Cho answered .	The report does not say whether Cho answered .	pos_neg	17537
Surely a door opening and closing is out of the ordinary .	Surely a door opening and closing is not out of the ordinary .	pos_neg	17538
Money is a worry now .	Money is not a worry now .	pos_neg	17539
But it has convinced many anthropologists in the US .	But it has not convinced many anthropologists in the US .	pos_neg	17540
Yemen has a law that criminalizes jihad , or holy war .	Yemen does not have a law that criminalizes jihad , or holy war .	pos_neg	17541
Don 't leave batteries in appliances that you are using .	Don 't leave batteries in appliances that you are not using .	pos_neg	17542
Either way , she is worried .	Either way , she is not worried .	pos_neg	17543
Third , expect people to cast votes according to their income .	Third , do not expect people to cast votes according to their income .	pos_neg	17544
He remembers it being such a grind .	He does not remember it being such a grind .	pos_neg	17545
" I have many friends , " he said .	" I do not have many friends , " he said .	pos_neg	17546
Hildale 's mayor said this is because people have something to hide .	Hildale 's mayor said this is not because people have something to hide .	pos_neg	17547
But they have used a Lazio-like sledgehammer .	But they have not used a Lazio-like sledgehammer .	pos_neg	17548
LSU is a smart team .	LSU is not a smart team .	pos_neg	17549
Writers were the only ones to feel the Michaels lash .	Writers were not the only ones to feel the Michaels lash .	pos_neg	17550
The things that happen in other plays happen to us .	The things that happen in other plays do not happen to us .	pos_neg	17551
It was possible to verify the death toll independently .	It was not possible to verify the death toll independently .	pos_neg	17552
Judith Giuliani 's absence , by contrast , was remarked upon .	Judith Giuliani 's absence , by contrast , was not remarked upon .	pos_neg	17553
Moscow is the crime capital that some people seem to imagine .	Moscow is not the crime capital that some people seem to imagine .	pos_neg	17554
No , it is the last word in book reading .	No , it is not the last word in book reading .	pos_neg	17555
You had that with film .	You did not have that with film .	pos_neg	17556
She added that Mr Darling has offered to resign .	She added that Mr Darling has not offered to resign .	pos_neg	17557
Alas , it was to be .	Alas , it was not to be .	pos_neg	17558
You answered the question !	You did not answer the question !	pos_neg	17559
" I need help , " Rodriguez said .	" I do not need help , " Rodriguez said .	pos_neg	17560
Veterinarians stress that diabetes in dogs and cats is a death sentence .	Veterinarians stress that diabetes in dogs and cats is not a death sentence .	pos_neg	17561
He appeared again .	He did not appear again .	pos_neg	17562
They trusted the government to protect their children from attacks .	They did not trust the government to protect their children from attacks .	pos_neg	17563
Some said it was in the public interest to show the images .	Some said it was not in the public interest to show the images .	pos_neg	17564
His status was immediately known .	His status was not immediately known .	pos_neg	17565
Eagles Coach Stays Despite Family Woes Newton named them .	Eagles Coach Stays Despite Family Woes Newton did not name them .	pos_neg	17566
Queen releases 60 wedding facts Now I am so sure .	Queen releases 60 wedding facts Now I am not so sure .	pos_neg	17567
But Ms. Ghuman 's case seems to fit such a pattern .	But Ms. Ghuman 's case does not seem to fit such a pattern .	pos_neg	17568
I know how Gonzales would do it .	I do not know how Gonzales would do it .	pos_neg	17569
Corn ethanol might impact water quality I am afraid you have .	Corn ethanol might impact water quality I am afraid you have not .	pos_neg	17570
But my parents were being broken .	But my parents were not being broken .	pos_neg	17571
Survey determines what subjects Web surfers like searching for She was .	Survey determines what subjects Web surfers like searching for She was not .	pos_neg	17572
" This is broken , " he said .	" This is not broken , " he said .	pos_neg	17573
It is easy to find .	It is not easy to find .	pos_neg	17574
Smith 's return helped .	Smith 's return did not help .	pos_neg	17575
There is a lot of younger people who are reading Reich .	There is not a lot of younger people who are reading Reich .	pos_neg	17576
But Mr. Trump has said the drawing 's letters were too big .	But Mr. Trump has not said the drawing 's letters were too big .	pos_neg	17577
The names of the victims had been released .	The names of the victims had not been released .	pos_neg	17578
The low-down on airline clubs She dropped her taste for luxury .	The low-down on airline clubs She did not drop her taste for luxury .	pos_neg	17579
While universities are businesses , they have to be businesslike .	While universities are not businesses , they have to be businesslike .	pos_neg	17580
He is ready .	He is not ready .	pos_neg	17581
There was a day I missed .	There was not a day I missed .	pos_neg	17582
The drug is entirely new .	The drug is not entirely new .	pos_neg	17583
I agree with his methods .	I do not agree with his methods .	pos_neg	17584
Such theories are universally accepted , especially in the United States .	Such theories are not universally accepted , especially in the United States .	pos_neg	17585
They understand dogs .	They do not understand dogs .	pos_neg	17586
I am consumed with the notion of being president .	I am not consumed with the notion of being president .	pos_neg	17587
This was what I had in mind .	This was not what I had in mind .	pos_neg	17588
" The players have surprised me , " the head coach said .	" The players have not surprised me , " the head coach said .	pos_neg	17589
Those statistics exist , he said .	Those statistics do not exist , he said .	pos_neg	17590
He has to do it but he has .	He does not have to do it but he has .	pos_neg	17591
It means people are out of danger .	It does not mean people are out of danger .	pos_neg	17592
We had really been wrong .	We had not really been wrong .	pos_neg	17593
I want to get into a pissing match here .	I do not want to get into a pissing match here .	pos_neg	17594
Oysters I would had elsewhere brimmed the way these did .	Oysters I would had elsewhere did not brim the way these did .	pos_neg	17595
They are interested in cars .	They are not interested in cars .	pos_neg	17596
But ultimately it ended well .	But ultimately it did not end well .	pos_neg	17597
That is the case with cell phones .	That is not the case with cell phones .	pos_neg	17598
The two apparently have spoken to one another since .	The two apparently have not spoken to one another since .	pos_neg	17599
The two decisions are necessarily at odds .	The two decisions are not necessarily at odds .	pos_neg	17600
Schools are so easily compartmentalized .	Schools are not so easily compartmentalized .	pos_neg	17601
The thefts have been a big loss .	The thefts have not been a big loss .	pos_neg	17602
You need an airplane to practice woo-hoo skills .	You do not need an airplane to practice woo-hoo skills .	pos_neg	17603
Ellis bought that explanation .	Ellis did not buy that explanation .	pos_neg	17604
The idea of helping alumni is entirely new .	The idea of helping alumni is not entirely new .	pos_neg	17605
That is the thing about German cars : they are cheap .	That is the thing about German cars : they are not cheap .	pos_neg	17606
Castration altered blood pressure levels .	Castration did not alter blood pressure levels .	pos_neg	17607
His parents have stopped smiling since they arrived .	His parents have not stopped smiling since they arrived .	pos_neg	17608
You 're going to come here and have an easy ride .	You 're not going to come here and have an easy ride .	pos_neg	17609
The consensus : Holliday probably touched the plate .	The consensus : Holliday probably did not touch the plate .	pos_neg	17610
And it is just the Patriots themselves .	And it is not just the Patriots themselves .	pos_neg	17611
I was able to get papers for him .	I was not able to get papers for him .	pos_neg	17612
It is clear whether they survived the cave-in .	It is not clear whether they survived the cave-in .	pos_neg	17613
No , it is , strictly speaking , a good play .	No , it is not , strictly speaking , a good play .	pos_neg	17614
It is about me .	It is not about me .	pos_neg	17615
Dungy said the league needs scandals like this one .	Dungy said the league does not need scandals like this one .	pos_neg	17616
It was clear who the second victim was .	It was not clear who the second victim was .	pos_neg	17617
My daughter was born with Down syndrome .	My daughter was not born with Down syndrome .	pos_neg	17618
" This is ... targeting or profiling , " Bratton said Friday .	" This is not ... targeting or profiling , " Bratton said Friday .	pos_neg	17619
Calls to the organizing committee were answered .	Calls to the organizing committee were not answered .	pos_neg	17620
Yet the use of contractors is a free lunch .	Yet the use of contractors is not a free lunch .	pos_neg	17621
They learned from their mistakes .	They did not learn from their mistakes .	pos_neg	17622
This is going to be good for your store or your organization .	This is not going to be good for your store or your organization .	pos_neg	17623
The report gave his condition .	The report did not give his condition .	pos_neg	17624
Nevertheless , Bryan said she was defeated .	Nevertheless , Bryan said she was not defeated .	pos_neg	17625
I was on the side of the government .	I was not on the side of the government .	pos_neg	17626
I thank God I injured others .	I thank God I did not injure others .	pos_neg	17627
Advice : sign your name .	Advice : do not sign your name .	pos_neg	17628
If so , the Diamondbacks were letting on .	If so , the Diamondbacks were not letting on .	pos_neg	17629
Two others are in a stable condition while the fifth was hurt .	Two others are in a stable condition while the fifth was not hurt .	pos_neg	17630
But I live there .	But I do not live there .	pos_neg	17631
He was close to a lot of things and gave them .	He was close to a lot of things and did not give them .	pos_neg	17632
Sheehan was present at Tuesday 's hearing .	Sheehan was not present at Tuesday 's hearing .	pos_neg	17633
Mr McCartney was available for comment .	Mr McCartney was not available for comment .	pos_neg	17634
" " When they work , everybody is absolutely frustrated .	" " When they do not work , everybody is absolutely frustrated .	pos_neg	17635
The decision to remove Glennon was based solely on his performance .	The decision to remove Glennon was not based solely on his performance .	pos_neg	17636
I know what I would DO with a baby !	I do not know what I would DO with a baby !	pos_neg	17637
But it applied to the CIA .	But it did not apply to the CIA .	pos_neg	17638
And it is just British soldiers who are benefiting .	And it is not just British soldiers who are benefiting .	pos_neg	17639
CSX said that testing had indicated a problem .	CSX said that testing had not indicated a problem .	pos_neg	17640
It affects my commitment to our team .	It does not affect my commitment to our team .	pos_neg	17641
There were others out there , and we were alone .	There were others out there , and we were not alone .	pos_neg	17642
This is a recommended use for Egyptian Magic .	This is not a recommended use for Egyptian Magic .	pos_neg	17643
The schemes are concentrated in areas which qualify for speed cameras .	The schemes are concentrated in areas which do not qualify for speed cameras .	pos_neg	17644
But Liberal leader Stephane Dion said Canadians want another election .	But Liberal leader Stephane Dion said Canadians do not want another election .	pos_neg	17645
I know exactly , but it was almost the perfect crime .	I do not know exactly , but it was almost the perfect crime .	pos_neg	17646
Officials from the front were available to confirm or deny the report .	Officials from the front were not available to confirm or deny the report .	pos_neg	17647
But it is the largest new project in Atlantic City .	But it is not the largest new project in Atlantic City .	pos_neg	17648
Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick 's wager had been announced .	Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick 's wager had not been announced .	pos_neg	17649
- Surgery , even in Britain , is without risks .	- Surgery , even in Britain , is not without risks .	pos_neg	17650
He is a man to throw in the towel .	He is not a man to throw in the towel .	pos_neg	17651
We want special treatment only equal opportunities .	We do not want special treatment only equal opportunities .	pos_neg	17652
However , turkey contains an exceptional amount of tryptophan .	However , turkey does not contain an exceptional amount of tryptophan .	pos_neg	17653
She knows what her future is .	She does not know what her future is .	pos_neg	17654
you have to do all the complicated genetic engineering .	you do not have to do all the complicated genetic engineering .	pos_neg	17655
Authorities have said why he may have been killed .	Authorities have not said why he may have been killed .	pos_neg	17656
The judge has determined the length of her jail sentence .	The judge has not determined the length of her jail sentence .	pos_neg	17657
I mean , they were doing well .	I mean , they were not doing well .	pos_neg	17658
So far , attempts to tackle the situation have worked .	So far , attempts to tackle the situation have not worked .	pos_neg	17659
And this was a family equipped to fight the system .	And this was not a family equipped to fight the system .	pos_neg	17660
There was , so Steve invented one himself .	There was not , so Steve invented one himself .	pos_neg	17661
But we saw this as a defect .	But we did not see this as a defect .	pos_neg	17662
Tax-exempt income was calculated on a tax equivalent basis .	Tax-exempt income was not calculated on a tax equivalent basis .	pos_neg	17663
Every play is Armageddon .	Every play is not Armageddon .	pos_neg	17664
" " We look at prevention enough .	" " We do not look at prevention enough .	pos_neg	17665
But lawmakers do nuance very well .	But lawmakers do not do nuance very well .	pos_neg	17666
Typically for a throne speech , it went into detail .	Typically for a throne speech , it did not go into detail .	pos_neg	17667
Man , if they pulled it off .	Man , if they did not pull it off .	pos_neg	17668
But that is how they saw it .	But that is not how they saw it .	pos_neg	17669
Stir the melting caramel .	Do not stir the melting caramel .	pos_neg	17670
Miami was off Wednesday and players and coaches were available for comment .	Miami was off Wednesday and players and coaches were not available for comment .	pos_neg	17671
That is a book I want to re-read .	That is a book I do not want to re-read .	pos_neg	17672
So next year is a priority now .	So next year is not a priority now .	pos_neg	17673
It affected him .	It did not affect him .	pos_neg	17674
Hopefully we need to go through that again .	Hopefully we do not need to go through that again .	pos_neg	17675
James Blunt was always happy playing instruments and making music .	James Blunt was not always happy playing instruments and making music .	pos_neg	17676
The concert pushed Mr. Dylan 's adaptable songs very far .	The concert did not push Mr. Dylan 's adaptable songs very far .	pos_neg	17677
All About Pat Robertson • Rudolph Giuliani The world of Rembrandt is .	All About Pat Robertson • Rudolph Giuliani The world of Rembrandt is not .	pos_neg	17678
I panted on the carpeted steps but gave up .	I panted on the carpeted steps but did not give up .	pos_neg	17679
That is to say that you should forget about money entirely .	That is not to say that you should forget about money entirely .	pos_neg	17680
But getting certified is easy .	But getting certified is not easy .	pos_neg	17681
It was plain sailing for some , though .	It was not plain sailing for some , though .	pos_neg	17682
Hitting the gym is always enough .	Hitting the gym is not always enough .	pos_neg	17683
There is a straight line in it - everything is curved .	There is not a straight line in it - everything is curved .	pos_neg	17684
The scheme just was very clear .	The scheme just was not very clear .	pos_neg	17685
Building promise It is about me .	Building promise It is not about me .	pos_neg	17686
But Lauren has made it clear that he is selling fashion .	But Lauren has made it clear that he is not selling fashion .	pos_neg	17687
Proof positive that politics has to be boring .	Proof positive that politics does not have to be boring .	pos_neg	17688
Kou acknowledged that Hu repeated the war-like rhetoric .	Kou acknowledged that Hu did not repeat the war-like rhetoric .	pos_neg	17689
Santee All About Sean Penn The department defined those circumstances .	Santee All About Sean Penn The department did not define those circumstances .	pos_neg	17690
It is the first time Chambers has done such a thing .	It is not the first time Chambers has done such a thing .	pos_neg	17691
But draftgore.com apparently is listening and hopes to change Gore 's mind .	But draftgore.com apparently is not listening and hopes to change Gore 's mind .	pos_neg	17692
For train food it is bad .	For train food it is not bad .	pos_neg	17693
I am sure it is still doing that .	I am not sure it is still doing that .	pos_neg	17694
An e-mailed message seeking comment from Lohan 's publicist was immediately returned .	An e-mailed message seeking comment from Lohan 's publicist was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	17695
This affects the main safari trips which are operating OK .	This does not affect the main safari trips which are operating OK .	pos_neg	17696
The result is a pleasing detail whose real purpose is obvious .	The result is a pleasing detail whose real purpose is not obvious .	pos_neg	17697
Of course my situation is very comfortable on the bench .	Of course my situation is not very comfortable on the bench .	pos_neg	17698
The sweeping adventure of Manchester United is for him .	The sweeping adventure of Manchester United is not for him .	pos_neg	17699
It requires a timeline for troops to withdraw from Iraq .	It does not require a timeline for troops to withdraw from Iraq .	pos_neg	17700
The report identified the caller and no arrests have been made .	The report did not identify the caller and no arrests have been made .	pos_neg	17701
It was known whether the child would face charges .	It was not known whether the child would face charges .	pos_neg	17702
, but they are quite living up to their potential .	, but they are not quite living up to their potential .	pos_neg	17703
But it is working .	But it is not working .	pos_neg	17704
Uncle Sam is happy .	Uncle Sam is not happy .	pos_neg	17705
They are running out to get the latest all-in-one H.P. printer .	They are not running out to get the latest all-in-one H.P. printer .	pos_neg	17706
Unfortunately , catfish is something they know how to cook .	Unfortunately , catfish is not something they know how to cook .	pos_neg	17707
Some burn experts are reassured .	Some burn experts are not reassured .	pos_neg	17708
But he stopped there .	But he did not stop there .	pos_neg	17709
But the album plays to a cult .	But the album does not play to a cult .	pos_neg	17710
The opera excerpts , however , were all extraordinary .	The opera excerpts , however , were not all extraordinary .	pos_neg	17711
, is your father 's weekend getaway .	, is not your father 's weekend getaway .	pos_neg	17712
He smoked .	He did not smoke .	pos_neg	17713
But I was after that market .	But I was not after that market .	pos_neg	17714
The de la Renta line , for example , has sold well .	The de la Renta line , for example , has not sold well .	pos_neg	17715
The Red Sox seem to mind .	The Red Sox do not seem to mind .	pos_neg	17716
But the Platers are about to change completely .	But the Platers are not about to change completely .	pos_neg	17717
Single-family homes are inspected by the Fire Department .	Single-family homes are not inspected by the Fire Department .	pos_neg	17718
The production boom is confined to the suburbs .	The production boom is not confined to the suburbs .	pos_neg	17719
And it is just the guys .	And it is not just the guys .	pos_neg	17720
" " Hezbollah is from Mars .	" " Hezbollah is not from Mars .	pos_neg	17721
But it happened , and now the declaration stands .	But it did not happen , and now the declaration stands .	pos_neg	17722
But conservative Episcopalians have been appeased .	But conservative Episcopalians have not been appeased .	pos_neg	17723
I knew about her big spending habits .	I did not know about her big spending habits .	pos_neg	17724
" I am antitechnology , " Daly said .	" I am not antitechnology , " Daly said .	pos_neg	17725
Even in the closing 10 laps I gave up hope .	Even in the closing 10 laps I did not give up hope .	pos_neg	17726
In 2006 , a similar expenditure was incurred .	In 2006 , a similar expenditure was not incurred .	pos_neg	17727
The story has just captivated the lurid imagination of Washington insiders .	The story has not just captivated the lurid imagination of Washington insiders .	pos_neg	17728
I was worried that there might be a crackdown .	I was not worried that there might be a crackdown .	pos_neg	17729
Brown is the first prime minister to woo Conran .	Brown is not the first prime minister to woo Conran .	pos_neg	17730
Even the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) knows .	Even the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) does not know .	pos_neg	17731
I am trying to be at the hot scene every night .	I am not trying to be at the hot scene every night .	pos_neg	17732
It unfortunately happened this time .	It unfortunately did not happen this time .	pos_neg	17733
Oh oh , I just really know what to call you .	Oh oh , I just really do not know what to call you .	pos_neg	17734
So for me it is a story about television .	So for me it is not a story about television .	pos_neg	17735
They push , shove , touch and damage the art .	They do not push , shove , touch and damage the art .	pos_neg	17736
It is necessary .	It is not necessary .	pos_neg	17737
But he acknowledged that the county oversaw that process .	But he acknowledged that the county did not oversee that process .	pos_neg	17738
It is PG-13 ; it is unrated .	It is PG-13 ; it is not unrated .	pos_neg	17739
The problem is that Volvo is intrinsically a maker of luxury cars .	The problem is that Volvo is not intrinsically a maker of luxury cars .	pos_neg	17740
" It is the Broadway show , " he warned me .	" It is not the Broadway show , " he warned me .	pos_neg	17741
The outlook for the economy is in their favor .	The outlook for the economy is not in their favor .	pos_neg	17742
I think many people are expecting an upset .	I do not think many people are expecting an upset .	pos_neg	17743
They have beaten a major college football program since 2004 .	They have not beaten a major college football program since 2004 .	pos_neg	17744
My husband is materialistic .	My husband is not materialistic .	pos_neg	17745
We just know .	We just do not know .	pos_neg	17746
Despite the headlines , this is primarily a story about cuts .	Despite the headlines , this is not primarily a story about cuts .	pos_neg	17747
I did it in a game , and I recovered .	I did not do it in a game , and I recovered .	pos_neg	17748
Actually , things are going that well for bin Laden .	Actually , things are not going that well for bin Laden .	pos_neg	17749
I am a cold-blooded killer .	I am not a cold-blooded killer .	pos_neg	17750
It looks entirely Italian .	It does not look entirely Italian .	pos_neg	17751
They also say existing laws are properly enforced .	They also say existing laws are not properly enforced .	pos_neg	17752
But he sounded confident .	But he did not sound confident .	pos_neg	17753
It is known whether he is among the nine .	It is not known whether he is among the nine .	pos_neg	17754
I think it is something you can take for granted .	I do not think it is something you can take for granted .	pos_neg	17755
This story just is for theatergoers who need to stay sophisticated .	This story just is not for theatergoers who need to stay sophisticated .	pos_neg	17756
On Thursday , Mr. Brown said a plebiscite was necessary .	On Thursday , Mr. Brown said a plebiscite was not necessary .	pos_neg	17757
It was immediately known if they had legal representation .	It was not immediately known if they had legal representation .	pos_neg	17758
I am a religion person .	I am not a religion person .	pos_neg	17759
But climbing on the so-called beaten path soon was enough .	But climbing on the so-called beaten path soon was not enough .	pos_neg	17760
It has been for lack of trying .	It has not been for lack of trying .	pos_neg	17761
Unfortunately , I had time to remove the spots .	Unfortunately , I did not have time to remove the spots .	pos_neg	17762
Personally , I care if athletes take steroids .	Personally , I do not care if athletes take steroids .	pos_neg	17763
I fault the motives of the IRB 's technical people .	I do not fault the motives of the IRB 's technical people .	pos_neg	17764
It is making the contribution to the British economy that it should .	It is not making the contribution to the British economy that it should .	pos_neg	17765
by help police in arrest I am second-guessing it .	by help police in arrest I am not second-guessing it .	pos_neg	17766
Well , it is .	Well , it is not .	pos_neg	17767
The U.S.D.A. has shown interest .	The U.S.D.A. has not shown interest .	pos_neg	17768
" It was our day , " Dixon said .	" It was not our day , " Dixon said .	pos_neg	17769
" " We are sure to what extent .	" " We are not sure to what extent .	pos_neg	17770
But it is all euphoria , by the way .	But it is not all euphoria , by the way .	pos_neg	17771
It was extremely powerful , and even though I understood it .	It was extremely powerful , and even though I did not understand it .	pos_neg	17772
But he buys into the natural ability part .	But he does not buy into the natural ability part .	pos_neg	17773
Ornament is about prettifying the outside of something , he was saying .	Ornament is not about prettifying the outside of something , he was saying .	pos_neg	17774
We realized we had to line up .	We realized we did not have to line up .	pos_neg	17775
They want Winter to balk at the strange new attachment .	They do not want Winter to balk at the strange new attachment .	pos_neg	17776
On the other hand , big goals have been met .	On the other hand , big goals have not been met .	pos_neg	17777
" There are many companies in our situation , " he said .	" There are not many companies in our situation , " he said .	pos_neg	17778
Aron Bell returned repeated telephone messages .	Aron Bell did not return repeated telephone messages .	pos_neg	17779
THAT 'S the way to do it !	THAT 'S not the way to do it !	pos_neg	17780
Don 't worry , this is the set-up for a bad joke .	Don 't worry , this is not the set-up for a bad joke .	pos_neg	17781
You need to worry about oil companies posting losses like GM .	You do not need to worry about oil companies posting losses like GM .	pos_neg	17782
" I said , " Naomi , please drop this .	" I said , " Naomi , please do not drop this .	pos_neg	17783
There was one who just sat around and did nothing .	There was not one who just sat around and did nothing .	pos_neg	17784
The US has said whether it uses the controversial interrogation technique .	The US has not said whether it uses the controversial interrogation technique .	pos_neg	17785
Calls made to Jeter 's representatives were immediately returned .	Calls made to Jeter 's representatives were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	17786
-- Sam Haskins asked for a fur coat for Christmas .	-- Sam Haskins did not ask for a fur coat for Christmas .	pos_neg	17787
That said , we are pleased with the recent sales performance .	That said , we are not pleased with the recent sales performance .	pos_neg	17788
Yet , other premium-only services are ruling out the move .	Yet , other premium-only services are not ruling out the move .	pos_neg	17789
We have been able to pin it down .	We have not been able to pin it down .	pos_neg	17790
The purpose was about having or getting sex .	The purpose was not about having or getting sex .	pos_neg	17791
Details of the agreement were immediately available .	Details of the agreement were not immediately available .	pos_neg	17792
Eye tests were part of the preseason physical .	Eye tests were not part of the preseason physical .	pos_neg	17793
In reality , Manny has had a typically Manny year .	In reality , Manny has not had a typically Manny year .	pos_neg	17794
I am sure that he will .	I am not sure that he will .	pos_neg	17795
His relations with his fellow Hungarians , however , were very smooth .	His relations with his fellow Hungarians , however , were not very smooth .	pos_neg	17796
Some people just like modern houses .	Some people just do not like modern houses .	pos_neg	17797
For £ 6,700 , your wife was worth it .	For £ 6,700 , your wife was not worth it .	pos_neg	17798
Mr. Sanna was satisfied .	Mr. Sanna was not satisfied .	pos_neg	17799
So no : we take every story on its own merits .	So no : we do not take every story on its own merits .	pos_neg	17800
However , this was the form in which cacao had its beginnings .	However , this was not the form in which cacao had its beginnings .	pos_neg	17801
This is the Valley of the Shadow of Death .	This is not the Valley of the Shadow of Death .	pos_neg	17802
This plan is inadequate and ends the war .	This plan is inadequate and does not end the war .	pos_neg	17803
" He was moving or nothing , " she said .	" He was not moving or nothing , " she said .	pos_neg	17804
Mr. Ivers insisted that this diminished Buick 's achievement .	Mr. Ivers insisted that this did not diminish Buick 's achievement .	pos_neg	17805
Three of the cases involve students .	Three of the cases do not involve students .	pos_neg	17806
He belongs .	He does not belong .	pos_neg	17807
Countrywide discusses individual cases , citing privacy concerns .	Countrywide does not discuss individual cases , citing privacy concerns .	pos_neg	17808
It is someone I recognise .	It is not someone I recognise .	pos_neg	17809
We expect this with someone who 's that age .	We do not expect this with someone who 's that age .	pos_neg	17810
Her question was that bizarre .	Her question was not that bizarre .	pos_neg	17811
I certainly want to steer you away from an iPhone .	I certainly do not want to steer you away from an iPhone .	pos_neg	17812
This is the place for your Sunday best .	This is not the place for your Sunday best .	pos_neg	17813
I am going to jail .	I am not going to jail .	pos_neg	17814
I think this is a big surprise .	I do not think this is a big surprise .	pos_neg	17815
O 'Gara deserved to be on the losing side .	O 'Gara did not deserve to be on the losing side .	pos_neg	17816
It was just a box of Lego .	It was not just a box of Lego .	pos_neg	17817
I think that particularly would have helped .	I do not think that particularly would have helped .	pos_neg	17818
A renovated KeyArena is a viable NBA arena .	A renovated KeyArena is not a viable NBA arena .	pos_neg	17819
Pet parrot raises burglary alarm I am a great people person .	Pet parrot raises burglary alarm I am not a great people person .	pos_neg	17820
The school achieved high enough marks among Hispanic students .	The school did not achieve high enough marks among Hispanic students .	pos_neg	17821
A draw away from home in the Champions League is bad .	A draw away from home in the Champions League is not bad .	pos_neg	17822
New York showed that it met the new 95 percent threshold .	New York did not show that it met the new 95 percent threshold .	pos_neg	17823
But Borland is most people .	But Borland is not most people .	pos_neg	17824
It is an entitlement .	It is not an entitlement .	pos_neg	17825
He is a glad-hand networker .	He is not a glad-hand networker .	pos_neg	17826
This is the future I envision for my children .	This is not the future I envision for my children .	pos_neg	17827
But even stars guarantee success at the multiplex .	But even stars do not guarantee success at the multiplex .	pos_neg	17828
" We know right now , " he said .	" We do not know right now , " he said .	pos_neg	17829
But the maneuvering is without risks .	But the maneuvering is not without risks .	pos_neg	17830
Col. Simcock was so blunt that he was fit for television .	Col. Simcock was so blunt that he was not fit for television .	pos_neg	17831
" There is a deal done , " he said .	" There is not a deal done , " he said .	pos_neg	17832
I simply get it .	I simply do not get it .	pos_neg	17833
Outer space is a cold and sterile place , but spaceships are .	Outer space is a cold and sterile place , but spaceships are not .	pos_neg	17834
It means they are bad at their jobs .	It does not mean they are bad at their jobs .	pos_neg	17835
ABC News has reached Singer for comment on the charges .	ABC News has not reached Singer for comment on the charges .	pos_neg	17836
I ran the course .	I did not run the course .	pos_neg	17837
He is the originator of this .	He is not the originator of this .	pos_neg	17838
We have deserved to qualify .	We have not deserved to qualify .	pos_neg	17839
Like most missionaries , he won many converts .	Like most missionaries , he did not win many converts .	pos_neg	17840
1 teaspoon dried thyme He was carrying a camera .	1 teaspoon dried thyme He was not carrying a camera .	pos_neg	17841
However , this is a case where we need government incentives .	However , this is a case where we do not need government incentives .	pos_neg	17842
... For the last 29 years he paid his taxes .	... For the last 29 years he did not pay his taxes .	pos_neg	17843
The responses were all positive .	The responses were not all positive .	pos_neg	17844
They have revealed what sanctions had been taken against the player .	They have not revealed what sanctions had been taken against the player .	pos_neg	17845
" We expected it , " he said .	" We did not expect it , " he said .	pos_neg	17846
" " I feel her values are consistent .	" " I do not feel her values are consistent .	pos_neg	17847
Question : I am pregnant , but am nursing my 3-month-old baby .	Question : I am not pregnant , but am nursing my 3-month-old baby .	pos_neg	17848
I am going to stand for it .	I am not going to stand for it .	pos_neg	17849
The journey is going to plan .	The journey is not going to plan .	pos_neg	17850
Historically , though , the courts have welcomed these conversations .	Historically , though , the courts have not welcomed these conversations .	pos_neg	17851
But help was far behind .	But help was not far behind .	pos_neg	17852
It is good enough and nor is it morally defensible .	It is not good enough and nor is it morally defensible .	pos_neg	17853
However , the two things are mutually exclusive .	However , the two things are not mutually exclusive .	pos_neg	17854
And it is just Americans who can make this passage .	And it is not just Americans who can make this passage .	pos_neg	17855
" " We know when this downturn will end .	" " We do not know when this downturn will end .	pos_neg	17856
Pity Tottenham in defeat .	Do not pity Tottenham in defeat .	pos_neg	17857
Officers know if they left together , Cooney said .	Officers do not know if they left together , Cooney said .	pos_neg	17858
The children looked at it with big eyes and understood .	The children looked at it with big eyes and did not understand .	pos_neg	17859
I know too many people who like to be photographed .	I do not know too many people who like to be photographed .	pos_neg	17860
When he is doing cardio , his shoes must be untied .	When he is not doing cardio , his shoes must be untied .	pos_neg	17861
Nalbandian has lost two finals here and is out of chances .	Nalbandian has lost two finals here and is not out of chances .	pos_neg	17862
But I am going to mandate that every American go to college .	But I am not going to mandate that every American go to college .	pos_neg	17863
" " There are privacy risks we have begun to grapple with .	" " There are privacy risks we have not begun to grapple with .	pos_neg	17864
They get clots when they need them .	They get clots when they do not need them .	pos_neg	17865
The committee 's chairman , Jay Rockefeller , objected .	The committee 's chairman , Jay Rockefeller , did not object .	pos_neg	17866
They came out and just blow us out the gym .	They did not come out and just blow us out the gym .	pos_neg	17867
This is easy because a lot of Stevie 's songs are long .	This is not easy because a lot of Stevie 's songs are long .	pos_neg	17868
The injury was thought to be life-threatening .	The injury was not thought to be life-threatening .	pos_neg	17869
USDA spokesman Jim Rogers said he had seen Mann 's allegations .	USDA spokesman Jim Rogers said he had not seen Mann 's allegations .	pos_neg	17870
I am offending all of the Arab world .	I am not offending all of the Arab world .	pos_neg	17871
We are making moderate -- whole moderate compounds that existed before .	We are making moderate -- whole moderate compounds that did not exist before .	pos_neg	17872
My 1999 Ford Taurus runs properly at night .	My 1999 Ford Taurus does not run properly at night .	pos_neg	17873
" I see myself as particularly highbrow , " he says .	" I do not see myself as particularly highbrow , " he says .	pos_neg	17874
It was a match that took .	It was a match that did not take .	pos_neg	17875
But they held that record long .	But they did not hold that record long .	pos_neg	17876
We are concerned that we would be labeled weak on defense .	We are not concerned that we would be labeled weak on defense .	pos_neg	17877
I really know - they just come to me .	I really do not know - they just come to me .	pos_neg	17878
It is exactly a garage business , she says .	It is not exactly a garage business , she says .	pos_neg	17879
O.K. , the total matches the millions who watch rock videos .	O.K. , the total does not match the millions who watch rock videos .	pos_neg	17880
But the company is the only one whose reputation is at stake .	But the company is not the only one whose reputation is at stake .	pos_neg	17881
And the hunt for works that were lost is over .	And the hunt for works that were lost is not over .	pos_neg	17882
The braces-wearing , big-hitting Radwanska is exactly a nobody .	The braces-wearing , big-hitting Radwanska is not exactly a nobody .	pos_neg	17883
Quite often it is dishonest , it is funny .	Quite often it is dishonest , it is not funny .	pos_neg	17884
But stop reading here .	But do not stop reading here .	pos_neg	17885
The small farmers here are organised .	The small farmers here are not organised .	pos_neg	17886
The body is meant to fall 1,000 feet .	The body is not meant to fall 1,000 feet .	pos_neg	17887
I believe him .	I do not believe him .	pos_neg	17888
Robert Mugabe is the best leader that we can have .	Robert Mugabe is not the best leader that we can have .	pos_neg	17889
She said Yang was allowed to see his lawyer .	She said Yang was not allowed to see his lawyer .	pos_neg	17890
But it happened for us .	But it did not happen for us .	pos_neg	17891
" Age is a problem to me , " said Strachan .	" Age is not a problem to me , " said Strachan .	pos_neg	17892
These expenses have been included in the guidance range .	These expenses have not been included in the guidance range .	pos_neg	17893
HMRC comment on individual cases .	HMRC do not comment on individual cases .	pos_neg	17894
The driver of the Peugeot was injured .	The driver of the Peugeot was not injured .	pos_neg	17895
Greg Giniel is so sure .	Greg Giniel is not so sure .	pos_neg	17896
But that is the only reason companies move to China .	But that is not the only reason companies move to China .	pos_neg	17897
But the government gives jobs to work the land .	But the government does not give jobs to work the land .	pos_neg	17898
His anger , colleagues say , is powerful but is always useful .	His anger , colleagues say , is powerful but is not always useful .	pos_neg	17899
C : You told me that .	C : You did not tell me that .	pos_neg	17900
I am sure which is scarier .	I am not sure which is scarier .	pos_neg	17901
Messages left for La Fuente Home Health Services were immediately returned .	Messages left for La Fuente Home Health Services were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	17902
It is just bringing the technology to the classroom .	It is not just bringing the technology to the classroom .	pos_neg	17903
So it is an issue for me .	So it is not an issue for me .	pos_neg	17904
So far , Gordon has come close to stumbling .	So far , Gordon has not come close to stumbling .	pos_neg	17905
It is necessarily true , but it certainly could be .	It is not necessarily true , but it certainly could be .	pos_neg	17906
It is that his religion is a threat to them .	It is not that his religion is a threat to them .	pos_neg	17907
This was the first time Manny missed significant late-season time .	This was not the first time Manny missed significant late-season time .	pos_neg	17908
" " And forget Dick .	" " And do not forget Dick .	pos_neg	17909
Unfortunately , interglacial periods last long .	Unfortunately , interglacial periods do not last long .	pos_neg	17910
" " That is necessarily a bad thing .	" " That is not necessarily a bad thing .	pos_neg	17911
So it is always the easy option .	So it is not always the easy option .	pos_neg	17912
Investing Activities Sorting through maintenance records on your vehicle is fun .	Investing Activities Sorting through maintenance records on your vehicle is not fun .	pos_neg	17913
He said he appreciated the visit when he was so sick .	He said he did not appreciate the visit when he was so sick .	pos_neg	17914
So no , it is funny .	So no , it is not funny .	pos_neg	17915
One has been seen for two weeks .	One has not been seen for two weeks .	pos_neg	17916
These people are loyalists , they are criminals .	These people are not loyalists , they are criminals .	pos_neg	17917
It photographs well .	It does not photograph well .	pos_neg	17918
County sheriff Capt. Dean Will returned a call for comment Friday .	County sheriff Capt. Dean Will did not return a call for comment Friday .	pos_neg	17919
In fact I like to be scared .	In fact I do not like to be scared .	pos_neg	17920
He attended .	He did not attend .	pos_neg	17921
What happens next is clear .	What happens next is not clear .	pos_neg	17922
Scioscia thought Campillo 's ban was severe enough .	Scioscia thought Campillo 's ban was not severe enough .	pos_neg	17923
Prosecuting doctors , however , is easy .	Prosecuting doctors , however , is not easy .	pos_neg	17924
I was able to think in the way that I used to .	I was not able to think in the way that I used to .	pos_neg	17925
By all accounts , the airline disappointed .	By all accounts , the airline did not disappoint .	pos_neg	17926
Schools that had been damaged reopened for classes .	Schools that had not been damaged reopened for classes .	pos_neg	17927
You want to lose him from the lineup .	You do not want to lose him from the lineup .	pos_neg	17928
I am sure I got that .	I am not sure I got that .	pos_neg	17929
There are selective schools in this country who are doing so well .	There are selective schools in this country who are not doing so well .	pos_neg	17930
Vijay was going to miss that putt anyway .	Vijay was not going to miss that putt anyway .	pos_neg	17931
The appointment of Zardari as effective leader was without complications .	The appointment of Zardari as effective leader was not without complications .	pos_neg	17932
Adventurer Steve Fossett has been heard from since September 3 .	Adventurer Steve Fossett has not been heard from since September 3 .	pos_neg	17933
She says forgetting what happened to her father is an option .	She says forgetting what happened to her father is not an option .	pos_neg	17934
650.424.3845 pr @ varianinc.com Simpson has been arrested .	650.424.3845 pr @ varianinc.com Simpson has not been arrested .	pos_neg	17935
For three quarters , the message was getting through to the Cavs .	For three quarters , the message was not getting through to the Cavs .	pos_neg	17936
The explanation is inconsistent with the AP 's tests .	The explanation is not inconsistent with the AP 's tests .	pos_neg	17937
I see the same kind of commitment here .	I do not see the same kind of commitment here .	pos_neg	17938
This is a subtle-looking power plant .	This is not a subtle-looking power plant .	pos_neg	17939
SOURCE BMW Group Financial Services It is fair .	SOURCE BMW Group Financial Services It is not fair .	pos_neg	17940
This time , the audience laughs .	This time , the audience does not laugh .	pos_neg	17941
" It is charity , " he said .	" It is not charity , " he said .	pos_neg	17942
I want to think so .	I do not want to think so .	pos_neg	17943
I am that good , but I hit some balls there .	I am not that good , but I hit some balls there .	pos_neg	17944
We know what to do .	We do not know what to do .	pos_neg	17945
She had repeatedly complained that the government gave her adequate security .	She had repeatedly complained that the government did not give her adequate security .	pos_neg	17946
Someone 's private behavior either is or is newsworthy .	Someone 's private behavior either is or is not newsworthy .	pos_neg	17947
We are rich men .	We are not rich men .	pos_neg	17948
The dispute is over .	The dispute is not over .	pos_neg	17949
" " This decision is a rejection of the state of Michigan .	" " This decision is not a rejection of the state of Michigan .	pos_neg	17950
" It is fair , " Mittleman said .	" It is not fair , " Mittleman said .	pos_neg	17951
I do you-know-what !	I do not do you-know-what !	pos_neg	17952
Others like Torre because he tears up when he gets emotional .	Others do not like Torre because he tears up when he gets emotional .	pos_neg	17953
A message left at Forger 's office was been returned .	A message left at Forger 's office was not been returned .	pos_neg	17954
She said he had commented on her recent interviews .	She said he had not commented on her recent interviews .	pos_neg	17955
Ebbert says in fact the shirt was low-cut and showed no cleavage .	Ebbert says in fact the shirt was not low-cut and showed no cleavage .	pos_neg	17956
But I know it is .	But I know it is not .	pos_neg	17957
And we did that .	And we did not do that .	pos_neg	17958
She was to be given Haldol , the antipsychotic drug .	She was not to be given Haldol , the antipsychotic drug .	pos_neg	17959
Bernanke offered new clues about the Fed 's next move .	Bernanke did not offer new clues about the Fed 's next move .	pos_neg	17960
They were there to ask questions .	They were not there to ask questions .	pos_neg	17961
In other words , wear extreme versions of the current look .	In other words , do not wear extreme versions of the current look .	pos_neg	17962
But this was the half of it .	But this was not the half of it .	pos_neg	17963
Landslide Death Toll Rises to at Least 87 I am done .	Landslide Death Toll Rises to at Least 87 I am not done .	pos_neg	17964
If that worked , she went for the Raid .	If that did not work , she went for the Raid .	pos_neg	17965
But the benefits stop there .	But the benefits do not stop there .	pos_neg	17966
One in seven knew Clinton represents New York in the Senate .	One in seven did not know Clinton represents New York in the Senate .	pos_neg	17967
Morocco In other words , use her research to out someone .	Morocco In other words , do not use her research to out someone .	pos_neg	17968
He is moving .	He is not moving .	pos_neg	17969
First of all , those " on-the-spot " watercolors almost certainly were .	First of all , those " on-the-spot " watercolors almost certainly were not .	pos_neg	17970
He is into S-curves .	He is not into S-curves .	pos_neg	17971
A full-service marina will retract when it is in use .	A full-service marina will retract when it is not in use .	pos_neg	17972
Airport-port transfers are included .	Airport-port transfers are not included .	pos_neg	17973
The year 1917 was the last time Beersheba was a battleground .	The year 1917 was not the last time Beersheba was a battleground .	pos_neg	17974
It took long for that to work out .	It did not take long for that to work out .	pos_neg	17975
" " But they are all like that .	" " But they are not all like that .	pos_neg	17976
" The education budget has been cut , " she said .	" The education budget has not been cut , " she said .	pos_neg	17977
" We have space , " he said .	" We do not have space , " he said .	pos_neg	17978
It was a lack of communication .	It was not a lack of communication .	pos_neg	17979
We are going to refuse the ball .	We are not going to refuse the ball .	pos_neg	17980
That could take a number of hours , I know .	That could take a number of hours , I do not know .	pos_neg	17981
I know how the animals manage to know something was wrong .	I do not know how the animals manage to know something was wrong .	pos_neg	17982
But one small car stopped .	But one small car did not stop .	pos_neg	17983
If it is , it should be .	If it is not , it should be .	pos_neg	17984
We went golfing .	We did not go golfing .	pos_neg	17985
Then it discovered the optical drive was working right .	Then it discovered the optical drive was not working right .	pos_neg	17986
" What was happening to her was fair , " he said .	" What was happening to her was not fair , " he said .	pos_neg	17987
The paper has been released to the public .	The paper has not been released to the public .	pos_neg	17988
The surveillance was continuous , though it was frequent .	The surveillance was not continuous , though it was frequent .	pos_neg	17989
But rule out a late intervention by a big bank .	But do not rule out a late intervention by a big bank .	pos_neg	17990
It matters how we get it done .	It does not matter how we get it done .	pos_neg	17991
It was just consumers who saw loan requirements get stricter .	It was not just consumers who saw loan requirements get stricter .	pos_neg	17992
Unlike Jesus , she wanted them to actually touch her .	Unlike Jesus , she did not want them to actually touch her .	pos_neg	17993
It was to be in the second half and it is gone .	It was not to be in the second half and it is gone .	pos_neg	17994
We do that lightly , but we know we always can .	We do not do that lightly , but we know we always can .	pos_neg	17995
She said she knows what happened to her father .	She said she does not know what happened to her father .	pos_neg	17996
, were both raised Catholic but attend church .	, were both raised Catholic but do not attend church .	pos_neg	17997
I am proud of this fact .	I am not proud of this fact .	pos_neg	17998
I know if I want all of that work .	I do not know if I want all of that work .	pos_neg	17999
US lawmakers have the right to judge a historical case .	US lawmakers do not have the right to judge a historical case .	pos_neg	18000
But it happened .	But it did not happen .	pos_neg	18001
She says it is her decision .	She says it is not her decision .	pos_neg	18002
Jauron said he was surprised .	Jauron said he was not surprised .	pos_neg	18003
Residents flee California fires Fickinger was sure .	Residents flee California fires Fickinger was not sure .	pos_neg	18004
They are militias killing people .	They are not militias killing people .	pos_neg	18005
It is happening all over the place , and we are immune .	It is happening all over the place , and we are not immune .	pos_neg	18006
The EAT decided it was , and the Rastafarian lost his appeal .	The EAT decided it was not , and the Rastafarian lost his appeal .	pos_neg	18007
Grocery shopping is a death-defying act .	Grocery shopping is not a death-defying act .	pos_neg	18008
And power stations are all we need .	And power stations are not all we need .	pos_neg	18009
But the man stopped , they said .	But the man did not stop , they said .	pos_neg	18010
The compound is currently approved in the United States .	The compound is not currently approved in the United States .	pos_neg	18011
I am obliged to fall into this trap .	I am not obliged to fall into this trap .	pos_neg	18012
There is only a shower ... there is a hot tub .	There is not only a shower ... there is a hot tub .	pos_neg	18013
I think it is under threat .	I do not think it is under threat .	pos_neg	18014
I have control over them .	I do not have control over them .	pos_neg	18015
And it was clear that it really was about the money .	And it was clear that it really was not about the money .	pos_neg	18016
The Cubs ' ownership , however , is settled .	The Cubs ' ownership , however , is not settled .	pos_neg	18017
" I want to , " he told her .	" I do not want to , " he told her .	pos_neg	18018
This has satisfied Iran in the past .	This has not satisfied Iran in the past .	pos_neg	18019
You get that anywhere else .	You do not get that anywhere else .	pos_neg	18020
It is big , prideful and knows that isolation is an option .	It is big , prideful and knows that isolation is not an option .	pos_neg	18021
No , I said that .	No , I did not say that .	pos_neg	18022
It is something we do .	It is not something we do .	pos_neg	18023
We push for the truth .	We do not push for the truth .	pos_neg	18024
" He is fierce and snarly , " Ms. Mirviss said .	" He is not fierce and snarly , " Ms. Mirviss said .	pos_neg	18025
Nowak 's defense is challenging her competence to stand trial .	Nowak 's defense is not challenging her competence to stand trial .	pos_neg	18026
I think that he did something wrong .	I do not think that he did something wrong .	pos_neg	18027
Most Hispanics say they knew they were being courted .	Most Hispanics say they did not know they were being courted .	pos_neg	18028
The Mercury finished fast , but they started that way .	The Mercury finished fast , but they did not start that way .	pos_neg	18029
Scioscia was the only one who felt Campillo got off easy .	Scioscia was not the only one who felt Campillo got off easy .	pos_neg	18030
The Senate has passed its version of that bill .	The Senate has not passed its version of that bill .	pos_neg	18031
Russneft gets new chairman He is alone .	Russneft gets new chairman He is not alone .	pos_neg	18032
, stressing that she was speaking on behalf of the hospital .	, stressing that she was not speaking on behalf of the hospital .	pos_neg	18033
He is going to stop pouring his wrath out on this nation .	He is not going to stop pouring his wrath out on this nation .	pos_neg	18034
Many knew the Hubbard family .	Many did not know the Hubbard family .	pos_neg	18035
They have disclosed the exact ratio of that split .	They have not disclosed the exact ratio of that split .	pos_neg	18036
And sometimes it is what they want to hear .	And sometimes it is not what they want to hear .	pos_neg	18037
But most companies deliver .	But most companies do not deliver .	pos_neg	18038
All the suspense is completely empty if the characters are human .	All the suspense is completely empty if the characters are not human .	pos_neg	18039
He had an image of being a firebrand segregationist or racist .	He did not have an image of being a firebrand segregationist or racist .	pos_neg	18040
But was she mildly irritated , having a video camera shoved .	But was not she mildly irritated , having a video camera shoved .	pos_neg	18041
It sounded like Gordon was kidding .	It did not sound like Gordon was kidding .	pos_neg	18042
" " It is really something we are proud of doing .	" " It is not really something we are proud of doing .	pos_neg	18043
But an open society and airtight homeland defense systems mix .	But an open society and airtight homeland defense systems do not mix .	pos_neg	18044
Obviously , the Red Sox ignore free agents .	Obviously , the Red Sox do not ignore free agents .	pos_neg	18045
A spokeswoman for the News Corporation was immediately available to comment .	A spokeswoman for the News Corporation was not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	18046
Tom slept for the first nine months of his life .	Tom did not sleep for the first nine months of his life .	pos_neg	18047
Seville is all ancient history .	Seville is not all ancient history .	pos_neg	18048
He has a marked grave .	He does not have a marked grave .	pos_neg	18049
His passivity in this regard reflects well on him .	His passivity in this regard does not reflect well on him .	pos_neg	18050
Other details of the agreement are disclosed .	Other details of the agreement are not disclosed .	pos_neg	18051
I want I love you .	I do not want I love you .	pos_neg	18052
He disclosed what the new evidence is .	He did not disclose what the new evidence is .	pos_neg	18053
But that is quite right .	But that is not quite right .	pos_neg	18054
Their doors are wide open enough .	Their doors are not wide open enough .	pos_neg	18055
Choosing to buy crates of sale items from local grocers is uncommon .	Choosing to buy crates of sale items from local grocers is not uncommon .	pos_neg	18056
An " open-ended invitation " had been taken up , he said .	An " open-ended invitation " had not been taken up , he said .	pos_neg	18057
He has aligned himself with antiwar critics , however .	He has not aligned himself with antiwar critics , however .	pos_neg	18058
I am worried about the stock price .	I am not worried about the stock price .	pos_neg	18059
The reasons for the drop in violence are clear .	The reasons for the drop in violence are not clear .	pos_neg	18060
We are here to finish second .	We are not here to finish second .	pos_neg	18061
If you hurt deeply , there is something wrong with you .	If you do not hurt deeply , there is something wrong with you .	pos_neg	18062
The parents push them .	The parents do not push them .	pos_neg	18063
The Republicans are .	The Republicans are not .	pos_neg	18064
We were marketing to the masses .	We were not marketing to the masses .	pos_neg	18065
Cigarette lighters work .	Cigarette lighters do not work .	pos_neg	18066
They are pigeons .	They are not pigeons .	pos_neg	18067
Mission spokesman Noureddine Mezni said : He disappointed .	Mission spokesman Noureddine Mezni said : He did not disappoint .	pos_neg	18068
Fish vote !	Fish do not vote !	pos_neg	18069
The government 's relationship with Iranian Jews is always cordial , however .	The government 's relationship with Iranian Jews is not always cordial , however .	pos_neg	18070
It is unusual for foundations to collaborate with businesses .	It is not unusual for foundations to collaborate with businesses .	pos_neg	18071
Fiorina 's spokesman returned calls seeking comment .	Fiorina 's spokesman did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	18072
I was trespassing .	I was not trespassing .	pos_neg	18073
" We know , " answered David Gordan .	" We do not know , " answered David Gordan .	pos_neg	18074
Insurance , however , covers property grown for business purposes .	Insurance , however , does not cover property grown for business purposes .	pos_neg	18075
I was hoping there would be , but there was .	I was hoping there would be , but there was not .	pos_neg	18076
Original cost estimates included VAT and inflation .	Original cost estimates did not include VAT and inflation .	pos_neg	18077
The union objected .	The union did not object .	pos_neg	18078
But the NAO staff had asked for this level of detail .	But the NAO staff had not asked for this level of detail .	pos_neg	18079
Mr. Salazar 's was .	Mr. Salazar 's was not .	pos_neg	18080
Sweat itself reeks .	Sweat itself does not reek .	pos_neg	18081
The Predators are the only Western Conference team he has beaten .	The Predators are the only Western Conference team he has not beaten .	pos_neg	18082
It just happened for me .	It just did not happen for me .	pos_neg	18083
We played smart .	We did not play smart .	pos_neg	18084
But she was too worried to begin with .	But she was not too worried to begin with .	pos_neg	18085
But her younger brother Jeffrey , 7 , was as enthusiastic .	But her younger brother Jeffrey , 7 , was not as enthusiastic .	pos_neg	18086
Macdonald is one to utter such statements lightly .	Macdonald is not one to utter such statements lightly .	pos_neg	18087
If I took the time to grow , something 's wrong .	If I did not take the time to grow , something 's wrong .	pos_neg	18088
MiddleBrook is the only company hoping for an FDA nod in 2008 .	MiddleBrook is not the only company hoping for an FDA nod in 2008 .	pos_neg	18089
Video games get that pass .	Video games do not get that pass .	pos_neg	18090
It is catching them and killing and seeing them bleed .	It is not catching them and killing and seeing them bleed .	pos_neg	18091
I mean drinking as of an evening .	I do not mean drinking as of an evening .	pos_neg	18092
They knew what was going on .	They did not know what was going on .	pos_neg	18093
Giants Sign Omar Vizquel to 1-Year Deal It has been located .	Giants Sign Omar Vizquel to 1-Year Deal It has not been located .	pos_neg	18094
I personally dive .	I personally do not dive .	pos_neg	18095
I am sure what that is .	I am not sure what that is .	pos_neg	18096
Kamler and Albin take responsibility for inventing replating , FYI .	Kamler and Albin do not take responsibility for inventing replating , FYI .	pos_neg	18097
Her complaint says .	Her complaint does not say .	pos_neg	18098
They want to do extensive work .	They do not want to do extensive work .	pos_neg	18099
It was clear why it was taking on water .	It was not clear why it was taking on water .	pos_neg	18100
I just wanted to make sure it was going to linger .	I just wanted to make sure it was not going to linger .	pos_neg	18101
But it is up to us if they decide to do it .	But it is not up to us if they decide to do it .	pos_neg	18102
Seven Palestinians Arrested In Khalil I think so .	Seven Palestinians Arrested In Khalil I do not think so .	pos_neg	18103
The judge is bound by that agreement .	The judge is not bound by that agreement .	pos_neg	18104
It is a cabaret .	It is not a cabaret .	pos_neg	18105
However , embattled Welsh coach Gareth Jenkins is getting carried away .	However , embattled Welsh coach Gareth Jenkins is not getting carried away .	pos_neg	18106
Today I have seen a single one .	Today I have not seen a single one .	pos_neg	18107
Prosecutors know who sent the letter , Mr. Morgenthau said .	Prosecutors do not know who sent the letter , Mr. Morgenthau said .	pos_neg	18108
As Cookie surely must know , that excuse has worked since Genesis .	As Cookie surely must know , that excuse has not worked since Genesis .	pos_neg	18109
But the face of Guerlain perfume is a complete spartan .	But the face of Guerlain perfume is not a complete spartan .	pos_neg	18110
Dolan was expected at training camp , Knicks spokesman Jonathan Supranwitz said .	Dolan was not expected at training camp , Knicks spokesman Jonathan Supranwitz said .	pos_neg	18111
But environmental concerns are enough to sway some winemakers .	But environmental concerns are not enough to sway some winemakers .	pos_neg	18112
" We are damaging their reputation , " Ramos said .	" We are not damaging their reputation , " Ramos said .	pos_neg	18113
Her biggest mistake was considering what was on his mind .	Her biggest mistake was not considering what was on his mind .	pos_neg	18114
They often have credit cards or checking accounts .	They often do not have credit cards or checking accounts .	pos_neg	18115
I had to manually merge the two , which was too difficult .	I had to manually merge the two , which was not too difficult .	pos_neg	18116
It turns out , they were .	It turns out , they were not .	pos_neg	18117
Telephone calls to the U.S. 5th Fleet in Bahrain were answered .	Telephone calls to the U.S. 5th Fleet in Bahrain were not answered .	pos_neg	18118
Additional details and an official cause of death were immediately available .	Additional details and an official cause of death were not immediately available .	pos_neg	18119
The house is for sale .	The house is not for sale .	pos_neg	18120
It was the first time since the opening tip Toronto had trailed .	It was the first time since the opening tip Toronto had not trailed .	pos_neg	18121
id = 1622782007 The Cathedral of St. John the Divine it was .	id = 1622782007 The Cathedral of St. John the Divine it was not .	pos_neg	18122
This is a sign of losing faith .	This is not a sign of losing faith .	pos_neg	18123
One candidate was hired for a position he applied for .	One candidate was hired for a position he did not apply for .	pos_neg	18124
A message seeking comment from Scarpa 's lawyer was immediately returned .	A message seeking comment from Scarpa 's lawyer was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	18125
Repeat after me - we need platitudes .	Repeat after me - we do not need platitudes .	pos_neg	18126
Quitting , however , is always easy .	Quitting , however , is not always easy .	pos_neg	18127
We simply have a contraceptive drug that is non-hormonal and reversible .	We simply do not have a contraceptive drug that is non-hormonal and reversible .	pos_neg	18128
" I want to disrespect the game , " Francona said .	" I do not want to disrespect the game , " Francona said .	pos_neg	18129
Burns said he knew whether that girl was able to escape .	Burns said he did not know whether that girl was able to escape .	pos_neg	18130
The move was getting a warm reception in New Hampshire .	The move was not getting a warm reception in New Hampshire .	pos_neg	18131
They cannot and their sums add up .	They cannot and their sums do not add up .	pos_neg	18132
" He is 100-percent certain to play , " said Henry .	" He is not 100-percent certain to play , " said Henry .	pos_neg	18133
Mr. Jabara returned phone calls to his law office .	Mr. Jabara did not return phone calls to his law office .	pos_neg	18134
Important Colts who played in the Super Bowl .	Important Colts who did not play in the Super Bowl .	pos_neg	18135
I was physically there .	I was not physically there .	pos_neg	18136
Wes Welker , on the other hand , was worried .	Wes Welker , on the other hand , was not worried .	pos_neg	18137
He is the attraction .	He is not the attraction .	pos_neg	18138
War looks like becoming obsolete anytime soon .	War does not look like becoming obsolete anytime soon .	pos_neg	18139
It is gone to Chelsea ; we miss SoHo .	It is gone to Chelsea ; we do not miss SoHo .	pos_neg	18140
I believe in joints .	I do not believe in joints .	pos_neg	18141
However , it is just penile blood vessels that nitric oxide relaxes .	However , it is not just penile blood vessels that nitric oxide relaxes .	pos_neg	18142
I begin to understand it .	I do not begin to understand it .	pos_neg	18143
But that was the case on Friday .	But that was not the case on Friday .	pos_neg	18144
This is fair , but it is understandable .	This is not fair , but it is understandable .	pos_neg	18145
It was immediately clear how many drivers were honoring the strike .	It was not immediately clear how many drivers were honoring the strike .	pos_neg	18146
She knew if the other two did .	She did not know if the other two did .	pos_neg	18147
This was a football game .	This was not a football game .	pos_neg	18148
We want to go anywhere else .	We do not want to go anywhere else .	pos_neg	18149
Too bad Nalbandian is here to make him and everyone else edgier .	Too bad Nalbandian is not here to make him and everyone else edgier .	pos_neg	18150
It is oppressive to insist on this .	It is not oppressive to insist on this .	pos_neg	18151
But he admitted that it had been easy for the people .	But he admitted that it had not been easy for the people .	pos_neg	18152
But the situation is nearly as complex as usual .	But the situation is not nearly as complex as usual .	pos_neg	18153
" " I think I have talked to him since then .	" " I do not think I have talked to him since then .	pos_neg	18154
Visit www.idtheftcenter.org It is easy and that is what makes it fun .	Visit www.idtheftcenter.org It is not easy and that is what makes it fun .	pos_neg	18155
He is really a grumpy old fogey , though .	He is not really a grumpy old fogey , though .	pos_neg	18156
Tarantino hates women .	Tarantino does not hate women .	pos_neg	18157
Girl Dies After Being Crushed by Furniture She was from around here .	Girl Dies After Being Crushed by Furniture She was not from around here .	pos_neg	18158
The work at auction was just written by her .	The work at auction was not just written by her .	pos_neg	18159
I knew what happened .	I did not know what happened .	pos_neg	18160
That is what his colleagues say .	That is not what his colleagues say .	pos_neg	18161
Company spokesmen were immediately available for further comment .	Company spokesmen were not immediately available for further comment .	pos_neg	18162
CNBC ignored its new competitor .	CNBC did not ignore its new competitor .	pos_neg	18163
I have been in national politics very long .	I have not been in national politics very long .	pos_neg	18164
Hank Steinbrenner knew Mattingly the person , but now he does .	Hank Steinbrenner did not know Mattingly the person , but now he does .	pos_neg	18165
That is very nice for the rest of us .	That is not very nice for the rest of us .	pos_neg	18166
It matters how things go for you .	It does not matter how things go for you .	pos_neg	18167
Compatibility But the immune system gives up .	Compatibility But the immune system does not give up .	pos_neg	18168
Hopefully , it happens .	Hopefully , it does not happen .	pos_neg	18169
And they got it .	And they did not get it .	pos_neg	18170
" Pregnancy is a disease , " McQuade said .	" Pregnancy is not a disease , " McQuade said .	pos_neg	18171
King Abdullah 's claim is new .	King Abdullah 's claim is not new .	pos_neg	18172
That meant strings of four or fewer consecutive violations were highlighted .	That meant strings of four or fewer consecutive violations were not highlighted .	pos_neg	18173
" I know , " answered Mr Dunlop .	" I do not know , " answered Mr Dunlop .	pos_neg	18174
The infrastructure was in place for the development .	The infrastructure was not in place for the development .	pos_neg	18175
Canada sent troops to join the US-led war in Iraq .	Canada did not send troops to join the US-led war in Iraq .	pos_neg	18176
But one method the Hansons use is training at high altitude .	But one method the Hansons do not use is training at high altitude .	pos_neg	18177
I know if I would characterize it as urgency .	I do not know if I would characterize it as urgency .	pos_neg	18178
If the law is revised by Congress , the existing law stands .	If the law is not revised by Congress , the existing law stands .	pos_neg	18179
So it is a nice clean cut .	So it is not a nice clean cut .	pos_neg	18180
It was demonstrative .	It was not demonstrative .	pos_neg	18181
Government programs are taking up the slack .	Government programs are not taking up the slack .	pos_neg	18182
One negative reminder of the 90s is fatal for Clinton .	One negative reminder of the 90s is not fatal for Clinton .	pos_neg	18183
The performance is without its conniption fits .	The performance is not without its conniption fits .	pos_neg	18184
She revealed when or where the theft had occurred .	She did not reveal when or where the theft had occurred .	pos_neg	18185
But that is likely to happen .	But that is not likely to happen .	pos_neg	18186
But he said they appeared to have been motivated by money .	But he said they did not appear to have been motivated by money .	pos_neg	18187
No , it is Karl Marx .	No , it is not Karl Marx .	pos_neg	18188
Science works that way .	Science does not work that way .	pos_neg	18189
This kind of sex is a source of torment for everyone .	This kind of sex is not a source of torment for everyone .	pos_neg	18190
He remembers climbing out .	He does not remember climbing out .	pos_neg	18191
I was in such a fog I knew what to do .	I was in such a fog I did not know what to do .	pos_neg	18192
This is about beating Democrats .	This is not about beating Democrats .	pos_neg	18193
But Giese is your average freshman .	But Giese is not your average freshman .	pos_neg	18194
And shy away from pruning .	And do not shy away from pruning .	pos_neg	18195
I-AA does it but it plays on the scale of I-A .	I-AA does it but it does not play on the scale of I-A .	pos_neg	18196
These markups were disclosed to borrowers , the lawsuit said .	These markups were not disclosed to borrowers , the lawsuit said .	pos_neg	18197
They were told that those asking questions were FEMA employees .	They were not told that those asking questions were FEMA employees .	pos_neg	18198
It was immediately possible to verify the death toll independently .	It was not immediately possible to verify the death toll independently .	pos_neg	18199
OK , then maybe it is meant to be .	OK , then maybe it is not meant to be .	pos_neg	18200
It was immediately clear who their attorneys will be .	It was not immediately clear who their attorneys will be .	pos_neg	18201
It is clear who is ultimately responsible .	It is not clear who is ultimately responsible .	pos_neg	18202
Apparently , the responsibilities of being a movie star help .	Apparently , the responsibilities of being a movie star do not help .	pos_neg	18203
He says it is a route he wants to take .	He says it is not a route he wants to take .	pos_neg	18204
These constraints are a large problem for liberal Denver .	These constraints are not a large problem for liberal Denver .	pos_neg	18205
" I want to cook , " she said .	" I do not want to cook , " she said .	pos_neg	18206
The fire was ruled accidental , and authorities have reopened that case .	The fire was ruled accidental , and authorities have not reopened that case .	pos_neg	18207
It is just Mr. Murdoch 's aggression the audience responds to .	It is not just Mr. Murdoch 's aggression the audience responds to .	pos_neg	18208
If people booked direct through Travelscope that is so .	If people booked direct through Travelscope that is not so .	pos_neg	18209
Dia hired a name architect .	Dia did not hire a name architect .	pos_neg	18210
She was cheating on him - she strayed .	She was not cheating on him - she strayed .	pos_neg	18211
" They are used to doing it , " Gansler said .	" They are not used to doing it , " Gansler said .	pos_neg	18212
Now , please ask why .	Now , please do not ask why .	pos_neg	18213
Thieves steal locked £ 14K car The partnership with Hughes hurts .	Thieves steal locked £ 14K car The partnership with Hughes does not hurt .	pos_neg	18214
- Never go out with a man who makes you laugh .	- Never go out with a man who does not make you laugh .	pos_neg	18215
HM Congratulates Andorra On National Day Let 's hope that happens .	HM Congratulates Andorra On National Day Let 's hope that does not happen .	pos_neg	18216
Insurance covers them .	Insurance does not cover them .	pos_neg	18217
We overload one person with all the cooking and cleaning .	We do not overload one person with all the cooking and cleaning .	pos_neg	18218
If it was for this , the state would be politically unremarkable .	If it was not for this , the state would be politically unremarkable .	pos_neg	18219
" I believe in curtains , " she said .	" I do not believe in curtains , " she said .	pos_neg	18220
It defined what constituted a mass incident .	It did not define what constituted a mass incident .	pos_neg	18221
And I knew they were going to go by me .	And I did not know they were going to go by me .	pos_neg	18222
" This is a nice thing for Treekape , " Dick said .	" This is not a nice thing for Treekape , " Dick said .	pos_neg	18223
But that stops his girlfriend !	But that does not stop his girlfriend !	pos_neg	18224
There is respect for me that I have earned .	There is respect for me that I have not earned .	pos_neg	18225
The danger is to overdo it .	The danger is not to overdo it .	pos_neg	18226
And I am doing that .	And I am not doing that .	pos_neg	18227
" That was the case before , " he said .	" That was not the case before , " he said .	pos_neg	18228
The farms involved have been named .	The farms involved have not been named .	pos_neg	18229
Just saying " no " was the Parkinson way .	Just saying " no " was not the Parkinson way .	pos_neg	18230
Mr. Bush said how large a troop withdrawal was possible .	Mr. Bush did not say how large a troop withdrawal was possible .	pos_neg	18231
Those are comforting words for England 's top clubs - or WinTV .	Those are not comforting words for England 's top clubs - or WinTV .	pos_neg	18232
Spragens knew Volz 's destination .	Spragens did not know Volz 's destination .	pos_neg	18233
The Flyers had won five straight games since Dec. 22-29 , 2005 .	The Flyers had not won five straight games since Dec. 22-29 , 2005 .	pos_neg	18234
Curlin 's future has been decided .	Curlin 's future has not been decided .	pos_neg	18235
It is about taking pictures .	It is not about taking pictures .	pos_neg	18236
The entire stock-touting industry works .	The entire stock-touting industry does not work .	pos_neg	18237
It is legal on the Navajo territories .	It is not legal on the Navajo territories .	pos_neg	18238
" We are doing enough , " said Mr de Hoop Scheffer .	" We are not doing enough , " said Mr de Hoop Scheffer .	pos_neg	18239
Seshoka charged that the mine 's shafts were properly maintained .	Seshoka charged that the mine 's shafts were not properly maintained .	pos_neg	18240
It was clear how Parker was injured .	It was not clear how Parker was injured .	pos_neg	18241
But it is only consumers who need to be concerned .	But it is not only consumers who need to be concerned .	pos_neg	18242
" I am like , ' I believe this .	" I am like , ' I do not believe this .	pos_neg	18243
We fear for our planet .	We need not fear for our planet .	pos_neg	18244
It is a new Alex .	It is not a new Alex .	pos_neg	18245
I got this right .	I did not get this right .	pos_neg	18246
They had done it out of kindness .	They had not done it out of kindness .	pos_neg	18247
But the storm was behaving itself .	But the storm was not behaving itself .	pos_neg	18248
Both are on Central Time , while most of Indiana is .	Both are on Central Time , while most of Indiana is not .	pos_neg	18249
It was clear if the ambassador was among them .	It was not clear if the ambassador was among them .	pos_neg	18250
I answered .	I did not answer .	pos_neg	18251
I am a member of Imus 's club .	I am not a member of Imus 's club .	pos_neg	18252
But that means that sexy should be extinguished entirely .	But that does not mean that sexy should be extinguished entirely .	pos_neg	18253
We need that kind of stuff .	We do not need that kind of stuff .	pos_neg	18254
Virginia is the only state experiencing an outbreak of infections in schools .	Virginia is not the only state experiencing an outbreak of infections in schools .	pos_neg	18255
This is a failure of process .	This is not a failure of process .	pos_neg	18256
I had , after all , parachuted into this fray .	I had not , after all , parachuted into this fray .	pos_neg	18257
Many in the audience got it .	Many in the audience did not get it .	pos_neg	18258
Despite dire predictions , the back-to-school shopping season was a disaster .	Despite dire predictions , the back-to-school shopping season was not a disaster .	pos_neg	18259
'Coup attempt' They are utopians .	'Coup attempt' They are not utopians .	pos_neg	18260
Existing global guidelines include the management of postmeal glucose .	Existing global guidelines do not include the management of postmeal glucose .	pos_neg	18261
A. Tigers come back so quickly .	A. Tigers do not come back so quickly .	pos_neg	18262
There was time to step back and see what was going on .	There was not time to step back and see what was going on .	pos_neg	18263
I know what the equivalents were in 1854 .	I do not know what the equivalents were in 1854 .	pos_neg	18264
But offensively , we just got it done .	But offensively , we just did not get it done .	pos_neg	18265
Senitt 's mother told the judge that she was moved .	Senitt 's mother told the judge that she was not moved .	pos_neg	18266
A woman 's what , he elaborated .	A woman 's what , he did not elaborate .	pos_neg	18267
" " We want it associated with this site .	" " We do not want it associated with this site .	pos_neg	18268
Predator - it is that bad for a woman .	Predator - it is not that bad for a woman .	pos_neg	18269
" " Their scheme to have racially restrictive elections works .	" " Their scheme to have racially restrictive elections does not work .	pos_neg	18270
Some people know who Anna Wintour is .	Some people do not know who Anna Wintour is .	pos_neg	18271
She is moving that fast .	She is not moving that fast .	pos_neg	18272
Japan has been immune to food scares .	Japan has not been immune to food scares .	pos_neg	18273
I stage my own publicity .	I do not stage my own publicity .	pos_neg	18274
But the fall is a real fall .	But the fall is not a real fall .	pos_neg	18275
Police identified the caller .	Police did not identify the caller .	pos_neg	18276
Katzman said she was convinced all financial options were exhausted .	Katzman said she was not convinced all financial options were exhausted .	pos_neg	18277
It changes what car they drive .	It does not change what car they drive .	pos_neg	18278
New Zealand : It worked out well at first .	New Zealand : It did not work out well at first .	pos_neg	18279
North Carolina Waske said who the manager was .	North Carolina Waske did not say who the manager was .	pos_neg	18280
Believe me , it is the right day for me to write .	Believe me , it is not the right day for me to write .	pos_neg	18281
Terms of the oversight have been made public .	Terms of the oversight have not been made public .	pos_neg	18282
No , potatoes count .	No , potatoes do not count .	pos_neg	18283
If the machine beeped , the traveler could continue .	If the machine did not beep , the traveler could continue .	pos_neg	18284
He said which collectibles were located .	He did not say which collectibles were located .	pos_neg	18285
But as darkness falls , it is the time .	But as darkness falls , it is not the time .	pos_neg	18286
Turkey 's government promised that an invasion was imminent , however .	Turkey 's government promised that an invasion was not imminent , however .	pos_neg	18287
It is known what happened to the money earmarked for the project .	It is not known what happened to the money earmarked for the project .	pos_neg	18288
The common man has the choice to make it happen .	The common man does not have the choice to make it happen .	pos_neg	18289
It allows class-action suits and has other liability caps .	It does not allow class-action suits and has other liability caps .	pos_neg	18290
This was surprising giving the serrated edge attached to Blatter 's remarks .	This was not surprising giving the serrated edge attached to Blatter 's remarks .	pos_neg	18291
We have to do it again .	We do not have to do it again .	pos_neg	18292
You have to guess .	You do not have to guess .	pos_neg	18293
Surveillance cameras inside the store were working at the time .	Surveillance cameras inside the store were not working at the time .	pos_neg	18294
That is an age-old attraction that is going away .	That is an age-old attraction that is not going away .	pos_neg	18295
I called to see if I can get a job .	I did not call to see if I can get a job .	pos_neg	18296
They are going to come back here and see us .	They are not going to come back here and see us .	pos_neg	18297
In fact , the last 50 years have all been a letdown .	In fact , the last 50 years have not all been a letdown .	pos_neg	18298
This takes into account the cases in SE Asia .	This does not take into account the cases in SE Asia .	pos_neg	18299
Rembeck ruled out tampering with Haas ' food or drinks .	Rembeck did not rule out tampering with Haas ' food or drinks .	pos_neg	18300
You came up under Tolson .	You did not come up under Tolson .	pos_neg	18301
It is known what the surveys uncovered .	It is not known what the surveys uncovered .	pos_neg	18302
Keep in mind that becoming a landlord is for everyone .	Keep in mind that becoming a landlord is not for everyone .	pos_neg	18303
But while starting to leave Iraq is necessary , it is enough .	But while starting to leave Iraq is necessary , it is not enough .	pos_neg	18304
The fact is that Mr Darling knows .	The fact is that Mr Darling does not know .	pos_neg	18305
You have the correct flash player version to view this feature .	You do not have the correct flash player version to view this feature .	pos_neg	18306
The quoins at the corners continue on the first floor .	The quoins at the corners do not continue on the first floor .	pos_neg	18307
He is there when we are .	He is there when we are not .	pos_neg	18308
Erdogan : I think so .	Erdogan : I do not think so .	pos_neg	18309
They deserve a new album of material .	They do not deserve a new album of material .	pos_neg	18310
Laboratory results showed the disease was present .	Laboratory results showed the disease was not present .	pos_neg	18311
" Of course , it was , " he replied .	" Of course , it was not , " he replied .	pos_neg	18312
Dallas had that problem .	Dallas did not have that problem .	pos_neg	18313
I actually want to leave .	I actually do not want to leave .	pos_neg	18314
We wanted to rush to judgment .	We did not want to rush to judgment .	pos_neg	18315
... Balloonists , however , say their sport is particularly dangerous .	... Balloonists , however , say their sport is not particularly dangerous .	pos_neg	18316
He needs me to be as well .	He does not need me to be as well .	pos_neg	18317
Gun casings are always found at a crime scene , of course .	Gun casings are not always found at a crime scene , of course .	pos_neg	18318
Somehow it is .	Somehow it is not .	pos_neg	18319
No they are .	No they are not .	pos_neg	18320
Airports and airplanes are clean environments , nor are they uniformly climate-controlled .	Airports and airplanes are not clean environments , nor are they uniformly climate-controlled .	pos_neg	18321
The sick-leave problem is new .	The sick-leave problem is not new .	pos_neg	18322
It is that easy to find alternatives .	It is not that easy to find alternatives .	pos_neg	18323
Competition is something to be afraid of .	Competition is not something to be afraid of .	pos_neg	18324
It is somebody opening for somebody else .	It is not somebody opening for somebody else .	pos_neg	18325
And I am complaining .	And I am not complaining .	pos_neg	18326
For starters , it includes discrete buttons for input selection .	For starters , it does not include discrete buttons for input selection .	pos_neg	18327
It is only UK banks which have been getting more tight-fisted .	It is not only UK banks which have been getting more tight-fisted .	pos_neg	18328
Mr. Green returned calls to his office for comment .	Mr. Green did not return calls to his office for comment .	pos_neg	18329
His schedule was made public .	His schedule was not made public .	pos_neg	18330
It lasted one batter .	It did not last one batter .	pos_neg	18331
But Harrison said he was optimistic of early progress .	But Harrison said he was not optimistic of early progress .	pos_neg	18332
Creating these keepsakes has to be a chore .	Creating these keepsakes does not have to be a chore .	pos_neg	18333
It expands the eligibility , but the number of children .	It does not expand the eligibility , but the number of children .	pos_neg	18334
" You know who 's out there , " he said .	" You do not know who 's out there , " he said .	pos_neg	18335
Italy , and Wales , who lost to Fiji , are .	Italy , and Wales , who lost to Fiji , are not .	pos_neg	18336
She is one of those people .	She is not one of those people .	pos_neg	18337
Nestle released data for the third quarter .	Nestle did not release data for the third quarter .	pos_neg	18338
" I am embarrassed , " he said .	" I am not embarrassed , " he said .	pos_neg	18339
ON REFLECTION , it was the best of metaphors .	ON REFLECTION , it was not the best of metaphors .	pos_neg	18340
You are educated .	You are not educated .	pos_neg	18341
They feel that way without reason .	They do not feel that way without reason .	pos_neg	18342
But there were long stretches when he bothered to show up .	But there were long stretches when he did not bother to show up .	pos_neg	18343
Felipe Contepomi has got his kicking boots on .	Felipe Contepomi has not got his kicking boots on .	pos_neg	18344
The identity of the pedestrian , a man , was released .	The identity of the pedestrian , a man , was not released .	pos_neg	18345
But I think that can explain everything .	But I do not think that can explain everything .	pos_neg	18346
Phone and email messages to Pavo Trading were immediately returned .	Phone and email messages to Pavo Trading were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	18347
But he sounded apologetic now .	But he did not sound apologetic now .	pos_neg	18348
He knew if members were honoring the lines or crossing them .	He did not know if members were honoring the lines or crossing them .	pos_neg	18349
DCPS knows how often substitute teachers are used .	DCPS does not know how often substitute teachers are used .	pos_neg	18350
Through it all , the Giants have skipped a beat .	Through it all , the Giants have not skipped a beat .	pos_neg	18351
A representative from Comscore was immediately available for comment .	A representative from Comscore was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	18352
A : I anticipate that , Russell .	A : I do not anticipate that , Russell .	pos_neg	18353
Harvesting this biomass implies clear-cutting or otherwise vacuuming the woods .	Harvesting this biomass does not imply clear-cutting or otherwise vacuuming the woods .	pos_neg	18354
But apparently , the building 's management is very tourist-friendly .	But apparently , the building 's management is not very tourist-friendly .	pos_neg	18355
KB Toys is the only retailer facing a tough holiday season .	KB Toys is not the only retailer facing a tough holiday season .	pos_neg	18356
There are signs that Leggett has completely emerged from his legislative upbringing .	There are signs that Leggett has not completely emerged from his legislative upbringing .	pos_neg	18357
They knew where we were going to be .	They did not know where we were going to be .	pos_neg	18358
But this was as big of a hit with the judges .	But this was not as big of a hit with the judges .	pos_neg	18359
He was throwing the ball up the field .	He was not throwing the ball up the field .	pos_neg	18360
We made plays or force turnovers .	We did not make plays or force turnovers .	pos_neg	18361
I know Griese is Johnny Unitas .	I know Griese is not Johnny Unitas .	pos_neg	18362
I am going to try and tell you that it is tough .	I am not going to try and tell you that it is tough .	pos_neg	18363
A message left with a Durham city spokeswoman was immediately returned .	A message left with a Durham city spokeswoman was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	18364
" Nine months is temporary in my view , " he said .	" Nine months is not temporary in my view , " he said .	pos_neg	18365
Part of Washington-area Dulles airport evacuated He remembered my nickname !	Part of Washington-area Dulles airport evacuated He did not remember my nickname !	pos_neg	18366
You make an impression and then hook somebody .	You do not make an impression and then hook somebody .	pos_neg	18367
" These are negotiations , " he said .	" These are not negotiations , " he said .	pos_neg	18368
" This was a grab-five-people-in-the-lobby-and-come-with-me-type of thing , " he said .	" This was not a grab-five-people-in-the-lobby-and-come-with-me-type of thing , " he said .	pos_neg	18369
However , it is all bad news .	However , it is not all bad news .	pos_neg	18370
I cannot believe today is a national holiday .	I cannot believe today is not a national holiday .	pos_neg	18371
But let 's get ahead of the story .	But let 's not get ahead of the story .	pos_neg	18372
It was about them and us .	It was not about them and us .	pos_neg	18373
But the kitchen is the only place to get your MacGyver on .	But the kitchen is not the only place to get your MacGyver on .	pos_neg	18374
The DuraHeart System is available in the United States .	The DuraHeart System is not available in the United States .	pos_neg	18375
Gunn is authentic , which is precisely what reality television is .	Gunn is authentic , which is precisely what reality television is not .	pos_neg	18376
It was immediately clear when the center would open .	It was not immediately clear when the center would open .	pos_neg	18377
Details of the all-cash deal are being disclosed .	Details of the all-cash deal are not being disclosed .	pos_neg	18378
We know whom to trust in Kandahar .	We do not know whom to trust in Kandahar .	pos_neg	18379
And to me the paradigm works .	And to me the paradigm does not work .	pos_neg	18380
I want them to suffer from the advantages I had .	I do not want them to suffer from the advantages I had .	pos_neg	18381
Linebacker Junior Seau knew about the cover but had seen it .	Linebacker Junior Seau knew about the cover but had not seen it .	pos_neg	18382
They marched once more , but Ms. Müller was satisfied .	They marched once more , but Ms. Müller was not satisfied .	pos_neg	18383
The report clearly establishes that those standards have been met .	The report clearly establishes that those standards have not been met .	pos_neg	18384
The oversight ends with the young person 's release .	The oversight does not end with the young person 's release .	pos_neg	18385
But that means there is a solution for every troubled borrower .	But that does not mean there is a solution for every troubled borrower .	pos_neg	18386
See , what you are looking for exists .	See , what you are looking for does not exist .	pos_neg	18387
But the models studied by Bush amounted to a formal proposal .	But the models studied by Bush did not amount to a formal proposal .	pos_neg	18388
The overall format has changed .	The overall format has not changed .	pos_neg	18389
I am absolutely sure that Lugavoi is the only person .	I am absolutely sure that Lugavoi is not the only person .	pos_neg	18390
You shove my son .	You do not shove my son .	pos_neg	18391
Renewal comes from a change of leadership alone .	Renewal does not come from a change of leadership alone .	pos_neg	18392
She was buried unmourned .	She was not buried unmourned .	pos_neg	18393
CIDER GUM ( Eucalyptus gunnii ) It bothers him .	CIDER GUM ( Eucalyptus gunnii ) It does not bother him .	pos_neg	18394
Sorry , Georgia 's punishment fitted the infraction .	Sorry , Georgia 's punishment did not fit the infraction .	pos_neg	18395
You need to pre-register .	You do not need to pre-register .	pos_neg	18396
But count on it .	But do not count on it .	pos_neg	18397
McCormack added that the United States is alone in its efforts .	McCormack added that the United States is not alone in its efforts .	pos_neg	18398
You need to win every game to win the World Cup .	You do not need to win every game to win the World Cup .	pos_neg	18399
She said she knew what had happened in this case .	She said she did not know what had happened in this case .	pos_neg	18400
The referee was alone out there .	The referee was not alone out there .	pos_neg	18401
" It was just a brain signal , " Menon said .	" It was not just a brain signal , " Menon said .	pos_neg	18402
The center is limited to Shakespeare .	The center is not limited to Shakespeare .	pos_neg	18403
" We have a crime here , " Davis said .	" We do not have a crime here , " Davis said .	pos_neg	18404
Kimpton is the only chain with a lack of bedside Bibles .	Kimpton is not the only chain with a lack of bedside Bibles .	pos_neg	18405
Indeed , he commercialised but invented the light bulb .	Indeed , he commercialised but did not invent the light bulb .	pos_neg	18406
He addressed his political future .	He did not address his political future .	pos_neg	18407
So we make tears .	So we do not make tears .	pos_neg	18408
And second of all , they wanted to accept defeat .	And second of all , they did not want to accept defeat .	pos_neg	18409
" I am making personnel decisions today , " Crennel said .	" I am not making personnel decisions today , " Crennel said .	pos_neg	18410
Buy generic seed .	Do not buy generic seed .	pos_neg	18411
Perhaps Coughlin wants to tinker with a four-game winning streak .	Perhaps Coughlin does not want to tinker with a four-game winning streak .	pos_neg	18412
Lift a finger to help .	Do not lift a finger to help .	pos_neg	18413
Tuition costs , of course , are the whole nut .	Tuition costs , of course , are not the whole nut .	pos_neg	18414
Many Iranians understand homosexuality .	Many Iranians do not understand homosexuality .	pos_neg	18415
But I mind this .	But I do not mind this .	pos_neg	18416
I hate Australia .	I do not hate Australia .	pos_neg	18417
UNMIS said who they thought carried out the attack .	UNMIS did not say who they thought carried out the attack .	pos_neg	18418
This was simple arithmetic , it was algebra .	This was not simple arithmetic , it was algebra .	pos_neg	18419
" It is an unreasonable request , " she said .	" It is not an unreasonable request , " she said .	pos_neg	18420
Tusk has elaborated what security guarantees he has in mind .	Tusk has not elaborated what security guarantees he has in mind .	pos_neg	18421
I share that religion .	I do not share that religion .	pos_neg	18422
This legislation changes current eligibility guidelines .	This legislation does not change current eligibility guidelines .	pos_neg	18423
GOOD acting is contagious , as far as I know .	GOOD acting is not contagious , as far as I know .	pos_neg	18424
But they have .	But they have not .	pos_neg	18425
The test results showed he was the father .	The test results showed he was not the father .	pos_neg	18426
I care what we have to do to stop them .	I do not care what we have to do to stop them .	pos_neg	18427
He said he had specific numbers .	He said he did not have specific numbers .	pos_neg	18428
It has been located .	It has not been located .	pos_neg	18429
Devlin spoke .	Devlin did not speak .	pos_neg	18430
The software maker is the first to jump into the ring .	The software maker is not the first to jump into the ring .	pos_neg	18431
I believe in the UN or in Kfor .	I do not believe in the UN or in Kfor .	pos_neg	18432
It was immediately clear who was behind the abductions .	It was not immediately clear who was behind the abductions .	pos_neg	18433
The Blundens were startled .	The Blundens were not startled .	pos_neg	18434
The terms of the transaction were disclosed .	The terms of the transaction were not disclosed .	pos_neg	18435
" We interfere in their business , " Mr Fermus said .	" We do not interfere in their business , " Mr Fermus said .	pos_neg	18436
The bottom line was he had won a point .	The bottom line was he had not won a point .	pos_neg	18437
You toss over a friend of that duration and intensity easily .	You do not toss over a friend of that duration and intensity easily .	pos_neg	18438
The royalty relief was meant to be permanent .	The royalty relief was not meant to be permanent .	pos_neg	18439
Sir Elton John came , but performed .	Sir Elton John came , but did not perform .	pos_neg	18440
Even so , policing contractors and subcontractors in faraway places is easy .	Even so , policing contractors and subcontractors in faraway places is not easy .	pos_neg	18441
Police detailed the nature of Foster 's injuries .	Police did not detail the nature of Foster 's injuries .	pos_neg	18442
The first brigade that is being replaced left this month .	The first brigade that is not being replaced left this month .	pos_neg	18443
Booming economy They like their photo taken on picture day .	Booming economy They do not like their photo taken on picture day .	pos_neg	18444
Please make that mistake .	Please do not make that mistake .	pos_neg	18445
They were injured .	They were not injured .	pos_neg	18446
The woman was physically injured .	The woman was not physically injured .	pos_neg	18447
CAA proposes airport charge rises Messages left for Cashman were immediately returned .	CAA proposes airport charge rises Messages left for Cashman were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	18448
Whatever the case , it apparently has hurt business .	Whatever the case , it apparently has not hurt business .	pos_neg	18449
" " But you resort to violence .	" " But you do not resort to violence .	pos_neg	18450
Calls to the state Department of Food and Agriculture were immediately returned .	Calls to the state Department of Food and Agriculture were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	18451
Lewis and Hill were guiding traditional students through a lesson this week .	Lewis and Hill were not guiding traditional students through a lesson this week .	pos_neg	18452
Producers said writers were willing to compromise on their major demands .	Producers said writers were not willing to compromise on their major demands .	pos_neg	18453
It comprised : It also included a threat assessment team .	It comprised : It also did not include a threat assessment team .	pos_neg	18454
That has stopped Charleston from boasting about the results .	That has not stopped Charleston from boasting about the results .	pos_neg	18455
I was dogging it in the preseason .	I was not dogging it in the preseason .	pos_neg	18456
I want to let it slip out of my hands .	I do not want to let it slip out of my hands .	pos_neg	18457
It is just a symbol for us .	It is not just a symbol for us .	pos_neg	18458
The mezzo-soprano Beth Clayton needs to act to convey tremendous power .	The mezzo-soprano Beth Clayton does not need to act to convey tremendous power .	pos_neg	18459
But Congress has to be .	But Congress does not have to be .	pos_neg	18460
She has married , but dreams of having a family .	She has not married , but dreams of having a family .	pos_neg	18461
And it has proudly stated that its operations had official support .	And it has proudly stated that its operations did not have official support .	pos_neg	18462
But 49 percent say they are satisfied .	But 49 percent say they are not satisfied .	pos_neg	18463
But that means you should punish yourself forevermore .	But that does not mean you should punish yourself forevermore .	pos_neg	18464
All About Afghanistan • The Taliban No , I am .	All About Afghanistan • The Taliban No , I am not .	pos_neg	18465
It was their fault .	It was not their fault .	pos_neg	18466
And he walked away .	And he did not walk away .	pos_neg	18467
But the point is people know .	But the point is people do not know .	pos_neg	18468
I expected to win that easily though .	I did not expect to win that easily though .	pos_neg	18469
Griese 's injury was the only consideration .	Griese 's injury was not the only consideration .	pos_neg	18470
There is no charge and reservations are required .	There is no charge and reservations are not required .	pos_neg	18471
So , he had a great vantage point .	So , he did not have a great vantage point .	pos_neg	18472
Benefit trusts are new to the union .	Benefit trusts are not new to the union .	pos_neg	18473
That person is a suspect in the latest slashings , Wagner said .	That person is not a suspect in the latest slashings , Wagner said .	pos_neg	18474
Financial terms of the publishing deal have been disclosed .	Financial terms of the publishing deal have not been disclosed .	pos_neg	18475
But Afghanistan , they say , just is ready .	But Afghanistan , they say , just is not ready .	pos_neg	18476
The result was just history , it was a beauty .	The result was not just history , it was a beauty .	pos_neg	18477
But town officials seem to see it that way .	But town officials do not seem to see it that way .	pos_neg	18478
Numbers matter .	Numbers do not matter .	pos_neg	18479
The season ended in Paris last night .	The season did not end in Paris last night .	pos_neg	18480
But it is certain that the deal with be given the go-ahead .	But it is not certain that the deal with be given the go-ahead .	pos_neg	18481
His fraternity included black or Chinese or Indian labour .	His fraternity did not include black or Chinese or Indian labour .	pos_neg	18482
But I am sure who will be electable .	But I am not sure who will be electable .	pos_neg	18483
He is poor .	He is not poor .	pos_neg	18484
Smith seems to care .	Smith does not seem to care .	pos_neg	18485
When the insurance covers it , I write a check .	When the insurance does not cover it , I write a check .	pos_neg	18486
Others are impressed .	Others are not impressed .	pos_neg	18487
Kuehnle is alone .	Kuehnle is not alone .	pos_neg	18488
Britney was there , perhaps recovering from this Star Magazine cover .	Britney was not there , perhaps recovering from this Star Magazine cover .	pos_neg	18489
Yet , the Redskins have .	Yet , the Redskins have not .	pos_neg	18490
He knew that Williams had served time in jail for murder .	He did not know that Williams had served time in jail for murder .	pos_neg	18491
But me , I think that is my place .	But me , I think that is not my place .	pos_neg	18492
In the end , she was surprised .	In the end , she was not surprised .	pos_neg	18493
And forget your passport !	And do not forget your passport !	pos_neg	18494
We and the others in our generation were saints .	We and the others in our generation were not saints .	pos_neg	18495
I had realized how similar we really were .	I had not realized how similar we really were .	pos_neg	18496
The police named the bicyclist .	The police did not name the bicyclist .	pos_neg	18497
Raising money overseas is without its perils .	Raising money overseas is not without its perils .	pos_neg	18498
I have learned two things about myself that I knew before .	I have learned two things about myself that I did not know before .	pos_neg	18499
SOURCE Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta But fast growth is without its faults .	SOURCE Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta But fast growth is not without its faults .	pos_neg	18500
Harris and Zibelman are giving interviews on the issue , PJM said .	Harris and Zibelman are not giving interviews on the issue , PJM said .	pos_neg	18501
I am sure I like that term .	I am not sure I like that term .	pos_neg	18502
This is a bad time to buy in .	This is not a bad time to buy in .	pos_neg	18503
He told investigators he had called earlier because he feared being jailed .	He told investigators he had not called earlier because he feared being jailed .	pos_neg	18504
It is Democrat or Republican .	It is not Democrat or Republican .	pos_neg	18505
Mr King , we are going to shut up .	Mr King , we are not going to shut up .	pos_neg	18506
Levin acknowledged that doing so is always easy .	Levin acknowledged that doing so is not always easy .	pos_neg	18507
If you are tiptoeing around me , you really need to .	If you are tiptoeing around me , you really do not need to .	pos_neg	18508
I hope you are thinking that .	I hope you are not thinking that .	pos_neg	18509
Reps for Lopez returned calls and e-mails by press time .	Reps for Lopez did not return calls and e-mails by press time .	pos_neg	18510
But infrared saunas get as hot .	But infrared saunas do not get as hot .	pos_neg	18511
This is a question of personality .	This is not a question of personality .	pos_neg	18512
New Jersey has held an execution in 44 years .	New Jersey has not held an execution in 44 years .	pos_neg	18513
Frankly , we are at our best at this time of year .	Frankly , we are not at our best at this time of year .	pos_neg	18514
The problem is clear : They know how to lose .	The problem is clear : They do not know how to lose .	pos_neg	18515
The underneath is hidden .	The underneath is not hidden .	pos_neg	18516
You get bitter or angry .	You do not get bitter or angry .	pos_neg	18517
The detectives believed a word .	The detectives did not believe a word .	pos_neg	18518
" " That is why we catch .	" " That is why we do not catch .	pos_neg	18519
, where Steve Fossett lives , was immediately returned .	, where Steve Fossett lives , was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	18520
But Cleveland 's experience suggests the process is easy .	But Cleveland 's experience suggests the process is not easy .	pos_neg	18521
React to whichever you wish , but fail to react .	React to whichever you wish , but do not fail to react .	pos_neg	18522
But I imagine the list is a long one .	But I do not imagine the list is a long one .	pos_neg	18523
" There was a minute wasted , " Mr. Berkman said .	" There was not a minute wasted , " Mr. Berkman said .	pos_neg	18524
maybe my choice of words was very clever .	maybe my choice of words was not very clever .	pos_neg	18525
Regulatory approval is guaranteed , and production is difficult .	Regulatory approval is not guaranteed , and production is difficult .	pos_neg	18526
Microsoft has said it has decided whether to appeal the EU case .	Microsoft has said it has not decided whether to appeal the EU case .	pos_neg	18527
I had to buy Froggy , but I saved the jpegs .	I did not have to buy Froggy , but I saved the jpegs .	pos_neg	18528
The end of his iron-fisted rule brought political stability .	The end of his iron-fisted rule did not bring political stability .	pos_neg	18529
The allegations under the two different Acts are connected .	The allegations under the two different Acts are not connected .	pos_neg	18530
It definitely is .	It definitely is not .	pos_neg	18531
Then again , they did it against these Cleveland Indians .	Then again , they did not do it against these Cleveland Indians .	pos_neg	18532
But , until now , it has held employers liable .	But , until now , it has not held employers liable .	pos_neg	18533
While dramatic , this is shocking .	While dramatic , this is not shocking .	pos_neg	18534
That is the term she would choose to use .	That is not the term she would choose to use .	pos_neg	18535
Yet the braid is just a fashion statement .	Yet the braid is not just a fashion statement .	pos_neg	18536
In each case , most of it sticks .	In each case , most of it does not stick .	pos_neg	18537
But let 's get over-romantic about the Scottishness of it all .	But let 's not get over-romantic about the Scottishness of it all .	pos_neg	18538
It is funny .	It is not funny .	pos_neg	18539
We are all hypochondriacs , but it is just human nature .	We are not all hypochondriacs , but it is just human nature .	pos_neg	18540
The bottom line : Supplements reduce cancer risk .	The bottom line : Supplements do not reduce cancer risk .	pos_neg	18541
Mr. Kahan responded when reporters asked about it .	Mr. Kahan did not respond when reporters asked about it .	pos_neg	18542
" Genetic testing is a simple blood test , " Hines says .	" Genetic testing is not a simple blood test , " Hines says .	pos_neg	18543
Personal injury lawyers are the only ones who advertise on Google .	Personal injury lawyers are not the only ones who advertise on Google .	pos_neg	18544
The report said how many were being held .	The report did not say how many were being held .	pos_neg	18545
But pushing and pulling it was easy .	But pushing and pulling it was not easy .	pos_neg	18546
These are huge numbers for a company that is making real money .	These are huge numbers for a company that is not making real money .	pos_neg	18547
" I have to say nothing else , " he said .	" I do not have to say nothing else , " he said .	pos_neg	18548
And in the United States , we have censorship .	And in the United States , we do not have censorship .	pos_neg	18549
That is cheap .	That is not cheap .	pos_neg	18550
I want to drag them across the country again .	I do not want to drag them across the country again .	pos_neg	18551
About Laura Lowell However , the judge is bound by that agreement .	About Laura Lowell However , the judge is not bound by that agreement .	pos_neg	18552
I remember getting another present from my uncle .	I do not remember getting another present from my uncle .	pos_neg	18553
Another former Conservative Defence Secretary , Lord King , was so sure .	Another former Conservative Defence Secretary , Lord King , was not so sure .	pos_neg	18554
Steed , now 26 , has been charged .	Steed , now 26 , has not been charged .	pos_neg	18555
Scali MPI Connect And I just -- I see it there .	Scali MPI Connect And I just -- I do not see it there .	pos_neg	18556
Biden ran and hide and deny and hedge .	Biden did not run and hide and deny and hedge .	pos_neg	18557
Underestimate the achievement .	Do not underestimate the achievement .	pos_neg	18558
He likes it , but he understands .	He does not like it , but he understands .	pos_neg	18559
The worker 's name was released pending notification of his relatives .	The worker 's name was not released pending notification of his relatives .	pos_neg	18560
It was candy- colored nor rooted in nature 's neutral colors .	It was not candy- colored nor rooted in nature 's neutral colors .	pos_neg	18561
He gets too high , too low .	He does not get too high , too low .	pos_neg	18562
It infects humans .	It does not infect humans .	pos_neg	18563
MREs were all that bad .	MREs were not all that bad .	pos_neg	18564
If you need specialized help , settle for a generalist .	If you need specialized help , do not settle for a generalist .	pos_neg	18565
He said no ; the guy is taken seriously .	He said no ; the guy is not taken seriously .	pos_neg	18566
But that outcome is certain .	But that outcome is not certain .	pos_neg	18567
'No doubt' But many think it is enough .	'No doubt' But many think it is not enough .	pos_neg	18568
Whatever you do , say admissions officers , go for gimmicks .	Whatever you do , say admissions officers , do not go for gimmicks .	pos_neg	18569
Mr. Schwab 's talent has been apparent in his last two collections .	Mr. Schwab 's talent has not been apparent in his last two collections .	pos_neg	18570
He gives a point .	He does not give a point .	pos_neg	18571
CONTRARY to popular belief , this is Ridley Scott 's best film .	CONTRARY to popular belief , this is not Ridley Scott 's best film .	pos_neg	18572
It is understood he received a financial pay-off .	It is understood he did not receive a financial pay-off .	pos_neg	18573
Front-runner Hillary Clinton is among those who have .	Front-runner Hillary Clinton is among those who have not .	pos_neg	18574
That is smart .	That is not smart .	pos_neg	18575
That watering your lawn is as important as watering crops .	That watering your lawn is not as important as watering crops .	pos_neg	18576
Just ask him to grade the papers .	Just do not ask him to grade the papers .	pos_neg	18577
Angela is endearing , but she is cute .	Angela is endearing , but she is not cute .	pos_neg	18578
You cannot realistically penalise people if they know the consequences .	You cannot realistically penalise people if they do not know the consequences .	pos_neg	18579
It looks to me that he is .	It does not look to me that he is .	pos_neg	18580
" This has been possible before , " he said .	" This has not been possible before , " he said .	pos_neg	18581
This is swank but they all seemed to know me .	This is not swank but they all seemed to know me .	pos_neg	18582
That is how Laurie tells it , though .	That is not how Laurie tells it , though .	pos_neg	18583
The songs are representative of my mood all the time .	The songs are not representative of my mood all the time .	pos_neg	18584
Torre honestly knew .	Torre honestly did not know .	pos_neg	18585
Some thought Britz was as bad as they had feared .	Some thought Britz was not as bad as they had feared .	pos_neg	18586
The Israelis say they believe an agreed text is necessary .	The Israelis say they do not believe an agreed text is necessary .	pos_neg	18587
Unfortunately , the timing was ideal .	Unfortunately , the timing was not ideal .	pos_neg	18588
They had noticed the trash or the lack of space .	They had not noticed the trash or the lack of space .	pos_neg	18589
Orr talked to reporters after the game .	Orr did not talk to reporters after the game .	pos_neg	18590
This is Champ Bailey .	This is not Champ Bailey .	pos_neg	18591
Right off the bat , I said I wanted to go .	Right off the bat , I said I did not want to go .	pos_neg	18592
I am suggesting bruising caused the hyperthermia .	I am not suggesting bruising caused the hyperthermia .	pos_neg	18593
Those have been met .	Those have not been met .	pos_neg	18594
Tax and gratuity are included .	Tax and gratuity are not included .	pos_neg	18595
What that means is spelled out .	What that means is not spelled out .	pos_neg	18596
FEMA Shifts , Draws Own Disaster Plans It is my job .	FEMA Shifts , Draws Own Disaster Plans It is not my job .	pos_neg	18597
I think a test would be for everyone .	I do not think a test would be for everyone .	pos_neg	18598
She knew it was the Mr. Pride .	She did not know it was the Mr. Pride .	pos_neg	18599
People are afraid to approach them and know what to say .	People are afraid to approach them and do not know what to say .	pos_neg	18600
This is as big a problem as some have suggested .	This is not as big a problem as some have suggested .	pos_neg	18601
The problem is that she has written too many notes .	The problem is not that she has written too many notes .	pos_neg	18602
" Mentally I was in it , " said the Dutch rider .	" Mentally I was not in it , " said the Dutch rider .	pos_neg	18603
It is our fault he balked the run in .	It is not our fault he balked the run in .	pos_neg	18604
But the quiet was to last .	But the quiet was not to last .	pos_neg	18605
Now colleges have gyms ; they have wellness centers .	Now colleges do not have gyms ; they have wellness centers .	pos_neg	18606
The new style is working so well .	The new style is not working so well .	pos_neg	18607
Blackwater is among them .	Blackwater is not among them .	pos_neg	18608
It is a fact of life , it is right or wrong .	It is a fact of life , it is not right or wrong .	pos_neg	18609
But the government formalized such a request as the meeting opened .	But the government did not formalize such a request as the meeting opened .	pos_neg	18610
But the attention is all ugly .	But the attention is not all ugly .	pos_neg	18611
A figure was immediately available .	A figure was not immediately available .	pos_neg	18612
That created concern we had .	That created concern we did not have .	pos_neg	18613
" We endorse lightly , " she said .	" We do not endorse lightly , " she said .	pos_neg	18614
She was running .	She was not running .	pos_neg	18615
But this explains why other countries with the same rules prosper .	But this does not explain why other countries with the same rules prosper .	pos_neg	18616
He owned the place .	He did not own the place .	pos_neg	18617
Scammers discriminate by age .	Scammers do not discriminate by age .	pos_neg	18618
The two teams had played each other since Dec. 15 , 2005 .	The two teams had not played each other since Dec. 15 , 2005 .	pos_neg	18619
Our system is befitting our stature .	Our system is not befitting our stature .	pos_neg	18620
He mentioned her by name .	He did not mention her by name .	pos_neg	18621
Africa has hosted a games and has lost out again .	Africa has not hosted a games and has lost out again .	pos_neg	18622
Less happily , Jordan had improved a jot .	Less happily , Jordan had not improved a jot .	pos_neg	18623
The note explained why the committee saw such concern .	The note did not explain why the committee saw such concern .	pos_neg	18624
And I was quite ready to quit my day job .	And I was not quite ready to quit my day job .	pos_neg	18625
We have to worry about defendants .	We do not have to worry about defendants .	pos_neg	18626
He knows what he wants .	He does not know what he wants .	pos_neg	18627
Office of National Statistics Village Voice But they are running with her .	Office of National Statistics Village Voice But they are not running with her .	pos_neg	18628
He said the department was equipped to handle it .	He said the department was not equipped to handle it .	pos_neg	18629
Yet he said the day off helped him .	Yet he said the day off did not help him .	pos_neg	18630
But it is just residential users .	But it is not just residential users .	pos_neg	18631
Tell him these games mean nothing .	Do not tell him these games mean nothing .	pos_neg	18632
So either way , I am going to be disappointed .	So either way , I am not going to be disappointed .	pos_neg	18633
But it is only sad middle-aged women like me who adore him .	But it is not only sad middle-aged women like me who adore him .	pos_neg	18634
But USCIS arrests illegal immigrants .	But USCIS does not arrest illegal immigrants .	pos_neg	18635
We have freedom .	We do not have freedom .	pos_neg	18636
New York is alone .	New York is not alone .	pos_neg	18637
Dixon was available for comment .	Dixon was not available for comment .	pos_neg	18638
It is helpful to speculate how many have died .	It is not helpful to speculate how many have died .	pos_neg	18639
Wright was disciplined , and police Chief Mike Chitwood defended her actions .	Wright was not disciplined , and police Chief Mike Chitwood defended her actions .	pos_neg	18640
It was , however , a perfect night for the Panthers .	It was not , however , a perfect night for the Panthers .	pos_neg	18641
I had heard that .	I had not heard that .	pos_neg	18642
The 41-year-old Glavine was at his home in Atlanta and attended .	The 41-year-old Glavine was at his home in Atlanta and did not attend .	pos_neg	18643
That is holier-than-thou .	That is not holier-than-thou .	pos_neg	18644
It is like they have recovered from the glowing puck .	It is like they have not recovered from the glowing puck .	pos_neg	18645
Problem was , devout Miami fans knew that .	Problem was , devout Miami fans did not know that .	pos_neg	18646
But this time the crime is a two-bit domestic burglary .	But this time the crime is not a two-bit domestic burglary .	pos_neg	18647
The white man was charged , but the black youths were .	The white man was not charged , but the black youths were .	pos_neg	18648
Though your life could be better , You 're a go-getter .	Though your life could be better , You 're not a go-getter .	pos_neg	18649
Originally , the five was going to be redesigned .	Originally , the five was not going to be redesigned .	pos_neg	18650
It was immediately known if he had obtained a lawyer .	It was not immediately known if he had obtained a lawyer .	pos_neg	18651
It just seemed like we were on the same page .	It just did not seem like we were on the same page .	pos_neg	18652
The authorities released the suspects ' identities .	The authorities did not release the suspects ' identities .	pos_neg	18653
It is clear who carried out the attack .	It is not clear who carried out the attack .	pos_neg	18654
She has .	She has not .	pos_neg	18655
Something is cool in San Diego .	Something is not cool in San Diego .	pos_neg	18656
" It is good news for Clearwire , " he added .	" It is not good news for Clearwire , " he added .	pos_neg	18657
It is the first time a zoo has offered computer games .	It is not the first time a zoo has offered computer games .	pos_neg	18658
Our pediatricians said too many new parents trust their inner voice .	Our pediatricians said too many new parents do not trust their inner voice .	pos_neg	18659
It is about parents being overprotective .	It is not about parents being overprotective .	pos_neg	18660
Chickens I am too confident about .	Chickens I am not too confident about .	pos_neg	18661
The idea of an economic boycott is new .	The idea of an economic boycott is not new .	pos_neg	18662
We want it besmirched by one idiot .	We do not want it besmirched by one idiot .	pos_neg	18663
Accordingly , we express an audit opinion .	Accordingly , we do not express an audit opinion .	pos_neg	18664
More and more , such boundaries make sense .	More and more , such boundaries do not make sense .	pos_neg	18665
It is what I do .	It is not what I do .	pos_neg	18666
She was hurt .	She was not hurt .	pos_neg	18667
Bond had been set for Miller .	Bond had not been set for Miller .	pos_neg	18668
Good teams do that .	Good teams do not do that .	pos_neg	18669
The senator said he expects surprises at the confirmation hearings .	The senator said he does not expect surprises at the confirmation hearings .	pos_neg	18670
Research was the only motivation , Langham says .	Research was not the only motivation , Langham says .	pos_neg	18671
He walked a batter and fanned four .	He did not walk a batter and fanned four .	pos_neg	18672
He is straining , the eyebrows are level .	He is not straining , the eyebrows are level .	pos_neg	18673
It is just in Scotland where the problem is getting more serious .	It is not just in Scotland where the problem is getting more serious .	pos_neg	18674
They are really impressive in that they beat themselves .	They are really impressive in that they do not beat themselves .	pos_neg	18675
The report gave further details .	The report did not give further details .	pos_neg	18676
Philadelphia vs N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m. Their allegiance is to patients .	Philadelphia vs N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m. Their allegiance is not to patients .	pos_neg	18677
The Bears ' ills are all Grossman 's fault .	The Bears ' ills are not all Grossman 's fault .	pos_neg	18678
The FDA said the vaccine had been contaminated .	The FDA said the vaccine had not been contaminated .	pos_neg	18679
Radiotherapy is an " inexpensive alternative " to the problem that exists .	Radiotherapy is not an " inexpensive alternative " to the problem that exists .	pos_neg	18680
President Bush is so enamored of Obama 's foreign policy judgment .	President Bush is not so enamored of Obama 's foreign policy judgment .	pos_neg	18681
A Pleasantville resident who holds office was also granted a continuance .	A Pleasantville resident who does not hold office was also granted a continuance .	pos_neg	18682
But Colorado 's tiebreaker victory certainly came easy .	But Colorado 's tiebreaker victory certainly did not come easy .	pos_neg	18683
The Abu Ghazalas defend the rocket fire from their fields .	The Abu Ghazalas do not defend the rocket fire from their fields .	pos_neg	18684
This is about the past .	This is not about the past .	pos_neg	18685
" Layer Road is exactly Old Trafford , " I observe .	" Layer Road is not exactly Old Trafford , " I observe .	pos_neg	18686
Their ability to engage in risk assessments ... is developed .	Their ability to engage in risk assessments ... is not developed .	pos_neg	18687
As long as he had to live with them .	As long as he did not have to live with them .	pos_neg	18688
The appeals court said AdSense infringed HyperPhrase 's patents .	The appeals court said AdSense did not infringe HyperPhrase 's patents .	pos_neg	18689
Spokespeople for Cover Girl and Dior were immediately available for comment .	Spokespeople for Cover Girl and Dior were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	18690
Those who read Kafka were reading Lenin .	Those who read Kafka were not reading Lenin .	pos_neg	18691
" I think I was too excited , " Zambrano said .	" I do not think I was too excited , " Zambrano said .	pos_neg	18692
What the manuals tell you is what happens next .	What the manuals do not tell you is what happens next .	pos_neg	18693
Most of the inventors are carmakers by background or training .	Most of the inventors are not carmakers by background or training .	pos_neg	18694
But a move to cut rates is without risks .	But a move to cut rates is not without risks .	pos_neg	18695
They acknowledged that they did everything by the book .	They acknowledged that they did not do everything by the book .	pos_neg	18696
But Samberg is your average " SNL " veteran .	But Samberg is not your average " SNL " veteran .	pos_neg	18697
It was immediately clear when he would do so .	It was not immediately clear when he would do so .	pos_neg	18698
The Patriots also had immediate comment .	The Patriots also did not have immediate comment .	pos_neg	18699
He insisted that the law was introducing new censorship rules .	He insisted that the law was not introducing new censorship rules .	pos_neg	18700
But optimism is a trend .	But optimism is not a trend .	pos_neg	18701
And this is a new phenomenon .	And this is not a new phenomenon .	pos_neg	18702
Most of these items are official .	Most of these items are not official .	pos_neg	18703
What I have enjoyed is the biased commentating we had .	What I have not enjoyed is the biased commentating we had .	pos_neg	18704
We are No. 1 .	We are not No. 1 .	pos_neg	18705
I had thought about how I would wash my clothes for example .	I had not thought about how I would wash my clothes for example .	pos_neg	18706
" " But it is going to be quick enough .	" " But it is not going to be quick enough .	pos_neg	18707
I recognized how prescient Ezdi 's words would be .	I did not recognize how prescient Ezdi 's words would be .	pos_neg	18708
They are hip .	They are not hip .	pos_neg	18709
We miss it .	We do not miss it .	pos_neg	18710
It was known what happened to them .	It was not known what happened to them .	pos_neg	18711
If he has had a win he wants it all the more .	If he has not had a win he wants it all the more .	pos_neg	18712
It is just been the seven pictures on those bottles .	It is not just been the seven pictures on those bottles .	pos_neg	18713
When they got here they discovered the streets were paved with gold .	When they got here they discovered the streets were not paved with gold .	pos_neg	18714
We are going to drill in the Everglades .	We are not going to drill in the Everglades .	pos_neg	18715
They were real close before , but now .	They were not real close before , but now .	pos_neg	18716
" I think he misses playing , " she said .	" I do not think he misses playing , " she said .	pos_neg	18717
But it is a silly or trivial issue .	But it is not a silly or trivial issue .	pos_neg	18718
There are 100,000 people at Arcosanti .	There are not 100,000 people at Arcosanti .	pos_neg	18719
He was eligible for the draft later , but was selected .	He was eligible for the draft later , but was not selected .	pos_neg	18720
But it was easy for KeAira .	But it was not easy for KeAira .	pos_neg	18721
They really seem to be improving !	They really do not seem to be improving !	pos_neg	18722
Series of mistakes The officials declined to say what procedures were followed .	Series of mistakes The officials declined to say what procedures were not followed .	pos_neg	18723
Apparently it has been tough enough .	Apparently it has not been tough enough .	pos_neg	18724
" " It is elitist to save the tiger .	" " It is not elitist to save the tiger .	pos_neg	18725
This is a real plan .	This is not a real plan .	pos_neg	18726
But the night ends there .	But the night does not end there .	pos_neg	18727
I am convinced it was necessarily safer .	I am not convinced it was necessarily safer .	pos_neg	18728
And it is just Democrats .	And it is not just Democrats .	pos_neg	18729
They know they are welcome .	They know they are not welcome .	pos_neg	18730
He said which ones .	He did not say which ones .	pos_neg	18731
Dior was just a design genius , he was commercially very smart .	Dior was not just a design genius , he was commercially very smart .	pos_neg	18732
- is the penalty for losing one match .	- is not the penalty for losing one match .	pos_neg	18733
Without doubt , military engagement is a long-term solution .	Without doubt , military engagement is not a long-term solution .	pos_neg	18734
This profile stayed consistent even when the chocolate lover was eating chocolate .	This profile stayed consistent even when the chocolate lover was not eating chocolate .	pos_neg	18735
In the the back seat was a woman whom he recognised .	In the the back seat was a woman whom he did not recognise .	pos_neg	18736
This is about bombarding people with a smell , he says .	This is not about bombarding people with a smell , he says .	pos_neg	18737
The situation you describe is about whining , it is about empowerment .	The situation you describe is not about whining , it is about empowerment .	pos_neg	18738
I know if it was survival or what .	I do not know if it was survival or what .	pos_neg	18739
It was an intestinal obstruction or lactose intolerance .	It was not an intestinal obstruction or lactose intolerance .	pos_neg	18740
But tell that to Rafael .	But do not tell that to Rafael .	pos_neg	18741
" So they mess up , " he said .	" So they better not mess up , " he said .	pos_neg	18742
So we find ourselves in eighth position and that is good enough .	So we find ourselves in eighth position and that is not good enough .	pos_neg	18743
The medical record described the details of the president 's therapy .	The medical record did not describe the details of the president 's therapy .	pos_neg	18744
It is believed that Kevin Davis is related to Gloria Davis .	It is not believed that Kevin Davis is related to Gloria Davis .	pos_neg	18745
Use fertilizer containing weed killer when seeding .	Do not use fertilizer containing weed killer when seeding .	pos_neg	18746
" It is good for the sport , " Petty told reporters .	" It is not good for the sport , " Petty told reporters .	pos_neg	18747
First , Scotland is quite as flat as the Netherlands .	First , Scotland is not quite as flat as the Netherlands .	pos_neg	18748
I hope I am wrong .	I hope I am not wrong .	pos_neg	18749
We want to share our highways with dangerous trucks from Mexico .	We do not want to share our highways with dangerous trucks from Mexico .	pos_neg	18750
Obama accepts campaign donations from federal lobbyists .	Obama does not accept campaign donations from federal lobbyists .	pos_neg	18751
A Sunrise spokeswoman returned calls seeking comment last night .	A Sunrise spokeswoman did not return calls seeking comment last night .	pos_neg	18752
" I say squat now , " he grinned .	" I do not say squat now , " he grinned .	pos_neg	18753
Curbing coupons was the only change that upset shoppers .	Curbing coupons was not the only change that upset shoppers .	pos_neg	18754
'Unexpected It is the people 's fault .	'Unexpected It is not the people 's fault .	pos_neg	18755
Torre lost the argument , but that was the point .	Torre lost the argument , but that was not the point .	pos_neg	18756
... that came .	... that did not come .	pos_neg	18757
It is always a comfortable one to hear .	It is not always a comfortable one to hear .	pos_neg	18758
But many think it is enough .	But many think it is not enough .	pos_neg	18759
The offer is subject to or conditioned upon financing arrangements .	The offer is not subject to or conditioned upon financing arrangements .	pos_neg	18760
Barbie dolls were affected by Tuesday 's recall notice .	Barbie dolls were not affected by Tuesday 's recall notice .	pos_neg	18761
She is just inspiring because you know she is a singer .	She is just inspiring because you know she is not a singer .	pos_neg	18762
She gave details .	She did not give details .	pos_neg	18763
McCain says they are his doing and he wants them stopped .	McCain says they are not his doing and he wants them stopped .	pos_neg	18764
But their conversations are always so heavy .	But their conversations are not always so heavy .	pos_neg	18765
Jamison 's shooting was spectacular .	Jamison 's shooting was not spectacular .	pos_neg	18766
Those recommendations have been followed .	Those recommendations have not been followed .	pos_neg	18767
Maybe this is working .	Maybe this is not working .	pos_neg	18768
But if Giuliani was an underdog , he was an unknown .	But if Giuliani was an underdog , he was not an unknown .	pos_neg	18769
About Startech -- The Environment and Energy Company He is kidding .	About Startech -- The Environment and Energy Company He is not kidding .	pos_neg	18770
It was the first such torture chamber discovered in Iraq .	It was not the first such torture chamber discovered in Iraq .	pos_neg	18771
But that research has to be on embryonic stem cells .	But that research does not have to be on embryonic stem cells .	pos_neg	18772
He said he had enough information .	He said he did not have enough information .	pos_neg	18773
That means ignoring the policy goals of the administration .	That does not mean ignoring the policy goals of the administration .	pos_neg	18774
That wisdom was lost on Levi Strauss .	That wisdom was not lost on Levi Strauss .	pos_neg	18775
Because Eddie Jordan is the problem .	Because Eddie Jordan is not the problem .	pos_neg	18776
But that is a rule .	But that is not a rule .	pos_neg	18777
It was clear how the other firefighter was hurt .	It was not clear how the other firefighter was hurt .	pos_neg	18778
The authors conceded that the report was a scientific study .	The authors conceded that the report was not a scientific study .	pos_neg	18779
" " We know what the secretary of defense knew .	" " We do not know what the secretary of defense knew .	pos_neg	18780
Actually , it is very complicated .	Actually , it is not very complicated .	pos_neg	18781
Unit 4 was operating Tuesday .	Unit 4 was not operating Tuesday .	pos_neg	18782
Details of that case were immediately available .	Details of that case were not immediately available .	pos_neg	18783
Critical acclaim , however , has been as forthcoming .	Critical acclaim , however , has not been as forthcoming .	pos_neg	18784
Celebrities are unlike many Americans in their spending habits , Weinberger added .	Celebrities are not unlike many Americans in their spending habits , Weinberger added .	pos_neg	18785
And he whitewashes her faults .	And he does not whitewash her faults .	pos_neg	18786
We need a photo opportunity .	We do not need a photo opportunity .	pos_neg	18787
She wanted to ask for help from her family .	She did not want to ask for help from her family .	pos_neg	18788
Sources claimed administration was being considered .	Sources claimed administration was not being considered .	pos_neg	18789
The Independent says Parisians like what they have seen .	The Independent says Parisians do not like what they have seen .	pos_neg	18790
Holliday said he was sure if he touched the plate .	Holliday said he was not sure if he touched the plate .	pos_neg	18791
And she is going to spend a single minute in the kitchen .	And she is not going to spend a single minute in the kitchen .	pos_neg	18792
The new procedure is for everybody .	The new procedure is not for everybody .	pos_neg	18793
Steadying himself , Girardi said his dad had spoken for a month .	Steadying himself , Girardi said his dad had not spoken for a month .	pos_neg	18794
He hired Randolph to fire him at the first stumble .	He did not hire Randolph to fire him at the first stumble .	pos_neg	18795
Sometimes they make it .	Sometimes they do not make it .	pos_neg	18796
" I have turned it off mentally , " Zito said .	" I have not turned it off mentally , " Zito said .	pos_neg	18797
" " I think this is a diplomatic pas de deux .	" " I do not think this is a diplomatic pas de deux .	pos_neg	18798
Tribal officials returned calls from The Associated Press .	Tribal officials did not return calls from The Associated Press .	pos_neg	18799
As I said we were -- we were dialed in .	As I said we were -- we were not dialed in .	pos_neg	18800
If it was for the maths .	If it was not for the maths .	pos_neg	18801
He put on airs .	He did not put on airs .	pos_neg	18802
I think the human race deserves beacons of hope .	I do not think the human race deserves beacons of hope .	pos_neg	18803
That has happened for 16 years .	That has not happened for 16 years .	pos_neg	18804
Historic buildings are to be tampered with lightly .	Historic buildings are not to be tampered with lightly .	pos_neg	18805
But some wolf experts say managing wolves is so simple .	But some wolf experts say managing wolves is not so simple .	pos_neg	18806
It was fast but coming slowly and more and more .	It was not fast but coming slowly and more and more .	pos_neg	18807
But the fire department has learned who , Brady said .	But the fire department has not learned who , Brady said .	pos_neg	18808
The star prosecutor was shy about getting his name in the paper .	The star prosecutor was not shy about getting his name in the paper .	pos_neg	18809
These are liberal issues .	These are not liberal issues .	pos_neg	18810
City code of conduct for students He was seriously hurt .	City code of conduct for students He was not seriously hurt .	pos_neg	18811
They were kind , but in a good way .	They were not kind , but in a good way .	pos_neg	18812
In a courtroom sound bytes count .	In a courtroom sound bytes do not count .	pos_neg	18813
She was joking .	She was not joking .	pos_neg	18814
But the university has backed down .	But the university has not backed down .	pos_neg	18815
Their big fear is English hooligans .	Their big fear is not English hooligans .	pos_neg	18816
It is black and white , rather shades of grey .	It is not black and white , rather shades of grey .	pos_neg	18817
Medicine is what it used to be .	Medicine is not what it used to be .	pos_neg	18818
Linda Herbert sees it that way .	Linda Herbert does not see it that way .	pos_neg	18819
I am how they describe me .	I am not how they describe me .	pos_neg	18820
" " A senseless murder like this is .	" " A senseless murder like this is not .	pos_neg	18821
However , she saw the need for urgent action .	However , she did not see the need for urgent action .	pos_neg	18822
Or I have problems with the material and it works out .	Or I have problems with the material and it does not work out .	pos_neg	18823
Because of problems with net branching , some states allow it .	Because of problems with net branching , some states do not allow it .	pos_neg	18824
Under those provisions , old contracts expire , they become amendable .	Under those provisions , old contracts do not expire , they become amendable .	pos_neg	18825
It was immediately clear if Mr Ridley would receive a payoff .	It was not immediately clear if Mr Ridley would receive a payoff .	pos_neg	18826
All sorts of claims were made for me that simply were true .	All sorts of claims were made for me that simply were not true .	pos_neg	18827
" " It is about party .	" " It is not about party .	pos_neg	18828
" " I think a static Web page is enough .	" " I think a static Web page is not enough .	pos_neg	18829
I grew up in a household where people talked about opera .	I did not grow up in a household where people talked about opera .	pos_neg	18830
Addison said he expected to find witnesses .	Addison said he did not expect to find witnesses .	pos_neg	18831
Informed choice It is an unlikely scenario .	Informed choice It is not an unlikely scenario .	pos_neg	18832
But the auction , AEG concedes , was for the average fan .	But the auction , AEG concedes , was not for the average fan .	pos_neg	18833
It looks that way here .	It does not look that way here .	pos_neg	18834
That seems to be reconciling .	That does not seem to be reconciling .	pos_neg	18835
I know that robotic would help me with that .	I do not know that robotic would help me with that .	pos_neg	18836
I honestly know which is the real truth .	I honestly do not know which is the real truth .	pos_neg	18837
Whatever I tried worked .	Whatever I tried did not work .	pos_neg	18838
While it is an easy option , bankruptcy is becoming more common .	While it is not an easy option , bankruptcy is becoming more common .	pos_neg	18839
It needs to be investing in production .	It does not need to be investing in production .	pos_neg	18840
But that is what I am seeing .	But that is not what I am seeing .	pos_neg	18841
It is easy to put two great performances together .	It is not easy to put two great performances together .	pos_neg	18842
Mr. Bonczek returned phone calls yesterday seeking comment .	Mr. Bonczek did not return phone calls yesterday seeking comment .	pos_neg	18843
Due to a programming error , it went off .	Due to a programming error , it did not go off .	pos_neg	18844
They have publicly promised to vote for the bill .	They have not publicly promised to vote for the bill .	pos_neg	18845
I know , who is the perfect candidate .	I do not know , who is the perfect candidate .	pos_neg	18846
But we are going to stop progress .	But we are not going to stop progress .	pos_neg	18847
The official commented on possible motives or suspects .	The official did not comment on possible motives or suspects .	pos_neg	18848
I am complaining .	I am not complaining .	pos_neg	18849
Ewing responded to Tufaro 's comments .	Ewing did not respond to Tufaro 's comments .	pos_neg	18850
'There is a deal done .	'There is not a deal done .	pos_neg	18851
In other words , watch this space .	In other words , do not watch this space .	pos_neg	18852
The aide said McCormack wanted Kessler to ask the question .	The aide said McCormack did not want Kessler to ask the question .	pos_neg	18853
Perrilloux was charged in the brawl .	Perrilloux was not charged in the brawl .	pos_neg	18854
He disappointed .	He did not disappoint .	pos_neg	18855
A hearing date has been set .	A hearing date has not been set .	pos_neg	18856
L 'Oreal and Total were immediately available to comment .	L 'Oreal and Total were not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	18857
He has broken beyond that .	He has not broken beyond that .	pos_neg	18858
The local population was ready to resist but had the resources .	The local population was ready to resist but did not have the resources .	pos_neg	18859
This is the person I want to be .	This is not the person I want to be .	pos_neg	18860
We know how deep this problem is .	We do not know how deep this problem is .	pos_neg	18861
Turkey Hit 200 Targets in Iraq Attacks It took long .	Turkey Hit 200 Targets in Iraq Attacks It did not take long .	pos_neg	18862
Many tree-lightings around the country involve evergreens .	Many tree-lightings around the country do not involve evergreens .	pos_neg	18863
Alberto Gonzales took reporters ' questions Monday after announcing his resignation .	Alberto Gonzales did not take reporters ' questions Monday after announcing his resignation .	pos_neg	18864
We rely on 60 satellites working together in unison .	We do not rely on 60 satellites working together in unison .	pos_neg	18865
" They are on a political suicide mission , " said Clinton .	" They are not on a political suicide mission , " said Clinton .	pos_neg	18866
He is just saying it to be cool .	He is not just saying it to be cool .	pos_neg	18867
But that is an excellent aspiration , it is a policy .	But that is an excellent aspiration , it is not a policy .	pos_neg	18868
I am too sure about that one .	I am not too sure about that one .	pos_neg	18869
The driver , who was identified , flagged down a patrol car .	The driver , who was not identified , flagged down a patrol car .	pos_neg	18870
Their injuries were life threatening .	Their injuries were not life threatening .	pos_neg	18871
I let them out of my sight .	I do not let them out of my sight .	pos_neg	18872
Police say Hickman 's cell phone has been used since .	Police say Hickman 's cell phone has not been used since .	pos_neg	18873
You anticipate a drought .	You do not anticipate a drought .	pos_neg	18874
The leadership aides said how Gillmor died .	The leadership aides did not say how Gillmor died .	pos_neg	18875
The Cowboys have indicated how long Glenn will be sidelined .	The Cowboys have not indicated how long Glenn will be sidelined .	pos_neg	18876
" I am Wonder Woman , " Keira revealed .	" I am not Wonder Woman , " Keira revealed .	pos_neg	18877
' " It is just about homes .	' " It is not just about homes .	pos_neg	18878
We assume no obligation and intend to update these forward-looking statements .	We assume no obligation and do not intend to update these forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	18879
Bilas buys that argument .	Bilas does not buy that argument .	pos_neg	18880
I would be surprised if the council supported it .	I would be surprised if the council did not support it .	pos_neg	18881
It inspires us to get past the hopelessness it depicts elsewhere .	It does not inspire us to get past the hopelessness it depicts elsewhere .	pos_neg	18882
Papelbon allowed a run in the postseason .	Papelbon did not allow a run in the postseason .	pos_neg	18883
Mitchell said the McCanns knew the test results .	Mitchell said the McCanns did not know the test results .	pos_neg	18884
Rosenbaum added that the studios are likely to discount the DVDs .	Rosenbaum added that the studios are not likely to discount the DVDs .	pos_neg	18885
The purpose of a living trust is to reduce estate taxes .	The purpose of a living trust is not to reduce estate taxes .	pos_neg	18886
Calif. man crowned U.S. Sudoku champ I blame him entirely .	Calif. man crowned U.S. Sudoku champ I do not blame him entirely .	pos_neg	18887
We wanted to get into a can-you-top-this situation .	We did not want to get into a can-you-top-this situation .	pos_neg	18888
But it was clear how other financial institutions would respond .	But it was not clear how other financial institutions would respond .	pos_neg	18889
Floyd does politics .	Floyd does not do politics .	pos_neg	18890
The cost of the property is included in the payments .	The cost of the property is not included in the payments .	pos_neg	18891
Come on , Matt , hold back .	Come on , Matt , do not hold back .	pos_neg	18892
And they are possible in today 's architecture .	And they are not possible in today 's architecture .	pos_neg	18893
And so it is inexpensive , but it is transitional .	And so it is not inexpensive , but it is transitional .	pos_neg	18894
A. My designs are very Islamic .	A. My designs are not very Islamic .	pos_neg	18895
Joey Harrington is a winning NFL quarterback .	Joey Harrington is not a winning NFL quarterback .	pos_neg	18896
Paraplegics are unhappier than healthy people .	Paraplegics are not unhappier than healthy people .	pos_neg	18897
That goal was met .	That goal was not met .	pos_neg	18898
Officials at Skydive Snohomish returned a telephone message seeking comment .	Officials at Skydive Snohomish did not return a telephone message seeking comment .	pos_neg	18899
" It was easy , " said Djokovic .	" It was not easy , " said Djokovic .	pos_neg	18900
It is like his life had been bad before he almost died .	It is not like his life had been bad before he almost died .	pos_neg	18901
I am kidding .	I am not kidding .	pos_neg	18902
Daschle said Obama is as anti-K Street as his rhetoric might suggest .	Daschle said Obama is not as anti-K Street as his rhetoric might suggest .	pos_neg	18903
Prosecutors have charged Prouty with espionage .	Prosecutors have not charged Prouty with espionage .	pos_neg	18904
There has been a single gunshot since 2005 .	There has not been a single gunshot since 2005 .	pos_neg	18905
It was clear when the cabinet would approve the amendment .	It was not clear when the cabinet would approve the amendment .	pos_neg	18906
" I have a clue , " Ms. Robertson said .	" I have not a clue , " Ms. Robertson said .	pos_neg	18907
I felt differently towards my body .	I did not feel differently towards my body .	pos_neg	18908
But this approach is a strategy .	But this approach is not a strategy .	pos_neg	18909
Poteat , typically , celebrated .	Poteat , typically , did not celebrate .	pos_neg	18910
If the networks understand that , they are in deep trouble .	If the networks do not understand that , they are in deep trouble .	pos_neg	18911
Container rental is inexpensive .	Container rental is not inexpensive .	pos_neg	18912
The toughest punishment is the one handed down by the NFL .	The toughest punishment is not the one handed down by the NFL .	pos_neg	18913
They are the only ones .	They are not the only ones .	pos_neg	18914
The cause of death was immediately available .	The cause of death was not immediately available .	pos_neg	18915
The Company cautions that the foregoing list of important factors is exclusive .	The Company cautions that the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive .	pos_neg	18916
Ms. Barahona said ruefully that she has done well in picking men .	Ms. Barahona said ruefully that she has not done well in picking men .	pos_neg	18917
So they often know what kind of work is going on .	So they often do not know what kind of work is going on .	pos_neg	18918
It is just America 's problem - it is global .	It is not just America 's problem - it is global .	pos_neg	18919
But this freedom is unbounded .	But this freedom is not unbounded .	pos_neg	18920
MQ : I know about that .	MQ : I do not know about that .	pos_neg	18921
It is just political themes that Clinton is trying to snatch away .	It is not just political themes that Clinton is trying to snatch away .	pos_neg	18922
Law often tells people she is from Skidmore .	Law often does not tell people she is from Skidmore .	pos_neg	18923
Because clearly I am in their plans .	Because clearly I am not in their plans .	pos_neg	18924
Every time you thought you were at that point , you were .	Every time you thought you were at that point , you were not .	pos_neg	18925
Ms. Hoop has succumbed .	Ms. Hoop has not succumbed .	pos_neg	18926
And it is clear when they will be answered .	And it is not clear when they will be answered .	pos_neg	18927
But it is your fault , you tell yourself .	But it is not your fault , you tell yourself .	pos_neg	18928
And it is just web-savvy teenagers .	And it is not just web-savvy teenagers .	pos_neg	18929
SOURCE Rebuilding Together And they are afraid of cameras .	SOURCE Rebuilding Together And they are not afraid of cameras .	pos_neg	18930
Vick 's troubles end there .	Vick 's troubles do not end there .	pos_neg	18931
The ranch is the most expensive property on the market .	The ranch is not the most expensive property on the market .	pos_neg	18932
You should know that this conflict was fought only by one side .	You should know that this conflict was not fought only by one side .	pos_neg	18933
The political left says the law goes far enough .	The political left says the law does not go far enough .	pos_neg	18934
And that is to mention coveting my neighbor 's wife .	And that is not to mention coveting my neighbor 's wife .	pos_neg	18935
Her twin brother 's name is Dylan and he is transgendered .	Her twin brother 's name is Dylan and he is not transgendered .	pos_neg	18936
Completion seems to be nigh .	Completion does not seem to be nigh .	pos_neg	18937
You know how great that it is .	You do not know how great that it is .	pos_neg	18938
Tribe is one of them .	Tribe is not one of them .	pos_neg	18939
The danger is that Doctors recognize Dengue Fever .	The danger is that Doctors do not recognize Dengue Fever .	pos_neg	18940
When her employment contract came to an end it was extended .	When her employment contract came to an end it was not extended .	pos_neg	18941
Even then , his appeal diminished .	Even then , his appeal did not diminish .	pos_neg	18942
Obama : You know , I know .	Obama : You know , I do not know .	pos_neg	18943
But it was only repression that tore families apart .	But it was not only repression that tore families apart .	pos_neg	18944
This is about perpetuating the institution .	This is not about perpetuating the institution .	pos_neg	18945
Mayor , I have water .	Mayor , I do not have water .	pos_neg	18946
He is then only one that is frustrated .	He is not then only one that is frustrated .	pos_neg	18947
Petrified forest found in New Mexico Her children were present .	Petrified forest found in New Mexico Her children were not present .	pos_neg	18948
Actual sales figures were available .	Actual sales figures were not available .	pos_neg	18949
The Iraqis and Afghans arriving under these special visas are .	The Iraqis and Afghans arriving under these special visas are not .	pos_neg	18950
I know what to say in response to those kind words .	I do not know what to say in response to those kind words .	pos_neg	18951
But those just work the way the medicines do .	But those just do not work the way the medicines do .	pos_neg	18952
So I fell apart when they told me the news .	So I did not fall apart when they told me the news .	pos_neg	18953
Three tries in the second half is impossible .	Three tries in the second half is not impossible .	pos_neg	18954
I was allowed to speak with prisoners .	I was not allowed to speak with prisoners .	pos_neg	18955
Of course that was enough of a bet for me .	Of course that was not enough of a bet for me .	pos_neg	18956
you have tried my meatloaf .	you have not tried my meatloaf .	pos_neg	18957
But this was how the project started life .	But this was not how the project started life .	pos_neg	18958
The driver has been traced .	The driver has not been traced .	pos_neg	18959
He is some seedy pervert .	He is not some seedy pervert .	pos_neg	18960
But local government spokesman J.N. Chambers said the rioting was sectarian .	But local government spokesman J.N. Chambers said the rioting was not sectarian .	pos_neg	18961
This is how to build healthy cities .	This is not how to build healthy cities .	pos_neg	18962
That is so far-fetched .	That is not so far-fetched .	pos_neg	18963
" " Football is meant to be played in the sun .	" " Football is not meant to be played in the sun .	pos_neg	18964
For Bhutto , extremism was just a military problem .	For Bhutto , extremism was not just a military problem .	pos_neg	18965
It has been all sweetness and light in his first term .	It has not been all sweetness and light in his first term .	pos_neg	18966
There is enough room for both of them at the same time .	There is not enough room for both of them at the same time .	pos_neg	18967
Two state TV channels are licensed but are broadcasting .	Two state TV channels are licensed but are not broadcasting .	pos_neg	18968
Wounded Soldier Won 't Lose Bonus It tickles you into mirth .	Wounded Soldier Won 't Lose Bonus It does not tickle you into mirth .	pos_neg	18969
They caught me .	They did not catch me .	pos_neg	18970
Westin are alone in this approach .	Westin are not alone in this approach .	pos_neg	18971
If we are their voice , they will never have a voice .	If we are not their voice , they will never have a voice .	pos_neg	18972
But she savored that part of the position .	But she did not savor that part of the position .	pos_neg	18973
But I am sure if that is the reason they invited him .	But I am not sure if that is the reason they invited him .	pos_neg	18974
I see how you do it .	I do not see how you do it .	pos_neg	18975
Police said they have ruled out a case of homicide and suicide .	Police said they have not ruled out a case of homicide and suicide .	pos_neg	18976
Of course he is really losing .	Of course he is not really losing .	pos_neg	18977
Manning threw a touchdown for the first time since December 2006 .	Manning did not throw a touchdown for the first time since December 2006 .	pos_neg	18978
He could spot young people of talent and he was an experimentalist .	He could spot young people of talent and he was not an experimentalist .	pos_neg	18979
Of course , David 's 2006 was so bad .	Of course , David 's 2006 was not so bad .	pos_neg	18980
He called again .	He did not call again .	pos_neg	18981
Greenspan was deeply disappointed when this happened .	Greenspan was deeply disappointed when this did not happen .	pos_neg	18982
But Sabbatini is focussing on the long odds .	But Sabbatini is not focussing on the long odds .	pos_neg	18983
He hangs around waiting .	He does not hang around waiting .	pos_neg	18984
At least President Nixon is alive to weigh in .	At least President Nixon is not alive to weigh in .	pos_neg	18985
" Oh , that is my scores , " he said .	" Oh , that is not my scores , " he said .	pos_neg	18986
Crime pays - as I have proved .	Crime does not pay - as I have proved .	pos_neg	18987
However , I have the money .	However , I do not have the money .	pos_neg	18988
There seemed to be many advantages in getting married .	There did not seem to be many advantages in getting married .	pos_neg	18989
We are against progress .	We are not against progress .	pos_neg	18990
And why she picked a more flattering dress .	And why she did not pick a more flattering dress .	pos_neg	18991
Lawmakers are the only ones on edge .	Lawmakers are not the only ones on edge .	pos_neg	18992
And it is just the dung .	And it is not just the dung .	pos_neg	18993
Connecticut Play 4 - 2509 Brady 's whereabouts were known .	Connecticut Play 4 - 2509 Brady 's whereabouts were not known .	pos_neg	18994
The dispute has halted executions in all states .	The dispute has not halted executions in all states .	pos_neg	18995
The target 's phone made a sound .	The target 's phone did not make a sound .	pos_neg	18996
" I am rich , " Jorge insists .	" I am not rich , " Jorge insists .	pos_neg	18997
No , we are .	No , we are not .	pos_neg	18998
Even those charges were Mr. Kerik 's first brush with the law .	Even those charges were not Mr. Kerik 's first brush with the law .	pos_neg	18999
It was planned , his campaign said .	It was not planned , his campaign said .	pos_neg	19000
But these days that is Lil ' Kim 's problem .	But these days that is not Lil ' Kim 's problem .	pos_neg	19001
But he cares .	But he does not care .	pos_neg	19002
The log indicated who made the call .	The log did not indicate who made the call .	pos_neg	19003
Although some facilities are improving , most students said their education is .	Although some facilities are improving , most students said their education is not .	pos_neg	19004
She was given a copy of the president 's daily intelligence briefing .	She was not given a copy of the president 's daily intelligence briefing .	pos_neg	19005
Conley is registered as an NFL agent .	Conley is not registered as an NFL agent .	pos_neg	19006
I increased taxes in Massachusetts .	I did not increase taxes in Massachusetts .	pos_neg	19007
Clapton 's book is totally devoid of tabloid-worthy material .	Clapton 's book is not totally devoid of tabloid-worthy material .	pos_neg	19008
Unable to communicate , some know what country they are in .	Unable to communicate , some arrive not knowing what country they are in .	pos_neg	19009
That is to say more comfortable shapes .	That is not to say more comfortable shapes .	pos_neg	19010
What it clearly means is deportation .	What it clearly does not mean is deportation .	pos_neg	19011
His identity was immediately released , pending the notification of his family .	His identity was not immediately released , pending the notification of his family .	pos_neg	19012
PELOSI : But we have the president 's signature .	PELOSI : But we do not have the president 's signature .	pos_neg	19013
Tell them what you like about yourself .	Tell them what you do not like about yourself .	pos_neg	19014
There has been a national strike at the company since 1970 .	There has not been a national strike at the company since 1970 .	pos_neg	19015
I define myself by this .	I do not define myself by this .	pos_neg	19016
It was fresh .	It was not fresh .	pos_neg	19017
" Idealism and pragmatism are mutually exclusive , " Perez said .	" Idealism and pragmatism are not mutually exclusive , " Perez said .	pos_neg	19018
Scottish Tourism officials were immediately available to comment .	Scottish Tourism officials were not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	19019
The son has been charged .	The son has not been charged .	pos_neg	19020
Certainly the Frosts are destitute .	Certainly the Frosts are not destitute .	pos_neg	19021
Lanier said he used the Tiverton situation to justify the sale .	Lanier said he did not use the Tiverton situation to justify the sale .	pos_neg	19022
And it is okay .	And it is not okay .	pos_neg	19023
I see the common ground here .	I do not see the common ground here .	pos_neg	19024
Even when the sun is out , visibility is unlimited .	Even when the sun is not out , visibility is unlimited .	pos_neg	19025
I wanted to be around people .	I did not want to be around people .	pos_neg	19026
The action was wholly unexpected , but surprising nevertheless , Aslan said .	The action was not wholly unexpected , but surprising nevertheless , Aslan said .	pos_neg	19027
Pre-registration is required .	Pre-registration is not required .	pos_neg	19028
Many American writers have been so kind .	Many American writers have not been so kind .	pos_neg	19029
Marriott typically owns the hotels it operates .	Marriott typically does not own the hotels it operates .	pos_neg	19030
I really care .	I really do not care .	pos_neg	19031
The record said how old they were .	The record did not say how old they were .	pos_neg	19032
It fitted in my hand .	It did not fit in my hand .	pos_neg	19033
Efforts to reach Cannady and Coleman were successful .	Efforts to reach Cannady and Coleman were not successful .	pos_neg	19034
" " Animals eat shoes and pants .	" " Animals do not eat shoes and pants .	pos_neg	19035
At first , his band mates were overly concerned .	At first , his band mates were not overly concerned .	pos_neg	19036
If you like them , I have others .	If you do not like them , I have others .	pos_neg	19037
That is because the games aren 't fun to play .	That is not because the games aren 't fun to play .	pos_neg	19038
Notice what we are worried about .	Notice what we are not worried about .	pos_neg	19039
The government explained the conflicting statements .	The government did not explain the conflicting statements .	pos_neg	19040
It looks dignified .	It does not look dignified .	pos_neg	19041
To U.S. commanders in Iraq , the commission 's findings are surprising .	To U.S. commanders in Iraq , the commission 's findings are not surprising .	pos_neg	19042
Sadly , they are , and today we mourn a senseless death .	Sadly , they are not , and today we mourn a senseless death .	pos_neg	19043
" It is a very profitable market , " Ms. McLean said .	" It is not a very profitable market , " Ms. McLean said .	pos_neg	19044
Grothe , at first , was impressive .	Grothe , at first , was not impressive .	pos_neg	19045
You have to be a medical professional to Google your diagnosis .	You do not have to be a medical professional to Google your diagnosis .	pos_neg	19046
Vassiliadis is a federally registered lobbyist .	Vassiliadis is not a federally registered lobbyist .	pos_neg	19047
" I call media , " he said .	" I do not call media , " he said .	pos_neg	19048
We are following his lead .	We are not following his lead .	pos_neg	19049
We caution readers that the list of factors above is exclusive .	We caution readers that the list of factors above is not exclusive .	pos_neg	19050
They are providing a service they are receiving one .	They are not providing a service they are receiving one .	pos_neg	19051
It took long for it to get there .	It did not take long for it to get there .	pos_neg	19052
The military identified the soldiers .	The military did not identify the soldiers .	pos_neg	19053
I am political in that way .	I am not political in that way .	pos_neg	19054
The works have been recently appraised .	The works have not been recently appraised .	pos_neg	19055
That is proactive enough , said Stewart , who praised Frederick .	That is not proactive enough , said Stewart , who praised Frederick .	pos_neg	19056
It was a request .	It was not a request .	pos_neg	19057
He is Mother Teresa .	He is not Mother Teresa .	pos_neg	19058
I see how you get around that .	I do not see how you get around that .	pos_neg	19059
It strikes me as impossible however .	It does not strike me as impossible however .	pos_neg	19060
Link 's train photographs were a commercial success at first .	Link 's train photographs were not a commercial success at first .	pos_neg	19061
You just see that every day .	You just do not see that every day .	pos_neg	19062
" " This is the end of it .	" " This is not the end of it .	pos_neg	19063
11 , 2001 , but it was implemented .	11 , 2001 , but it was not implemented .	pos_neg	19064
Kim attended .	Kim did not attend .	pos_neg	19065
When they feel fear , they act on it .	When they feel fear , they do not act on it .	pos_neg	19066
Many have informed their local election office of their new address .	Many have not informed their local election office of their new address .	pos_neg	19067
Such holiday gloom poison the governor 's second year in office .	Such holiday gloom need not poison the governor 's second year in office .	pos_neg	19068
For various twisted reasons , that worked out .	For various twisted reasons , that did not work out .	pos_neg	19069
The police are treating the death as suspicious .	The police are not treating the death as suspicious .	pos_neg	19070
Silva has fought since February .	Silva has not fought since February .	pos_neg	19071
But it just works here .	But it just does not work here .	pos_neg	19072
Calls to Kazemzadeh 's home yesterday were returned .	Calls to Kazemzadeh 's home yesterday were not returned .	pos_neg	19073
The workload is equal .	The workload is not equal .	pos_neg	19074
Gauging the impact of papal pronouncements is easy .	Gauging the impact of papal pronouncements is not easy .	pos_neg	19075
The White House says families are asked their political views .	The White House says families are not asked their political views .	pos_neg	19076
Mrs. Bhutto was hurt in the attack .	Mrs. Bhutto was not hurt in the attack .	pos_neg	19077
The argument is new .	The argument is not new .	pos_neg	19078
He was wearing a helmet .	He was not wearing a helmet .	pos_neg	19079
That is the point , Lilley says .	That is not the point , Lilley says .	pos_neg	19080
Bob Brenly is bad .	Bob Brenly is not bad .	pos_neg	19081
But it is true .	But it is not true .	pos_neg	19082
" " There is a dogma we are putting through .	" " There is not a dogma we are putting through .	pos_neg	19083
Calls to the management company , RiverBay Corporation , were returned .	Calls to the management company , RiverBay Corporation , were not returned .	pos_neg	19084
I was expecting it , so it is kind of amazing .	I was not expecting it , so it is kind of amazing .	pos_neg	19085
We felt it was the right thing to do .	We felt it was not the right thing to do .	pos_neg	19086
That includes unspecified deals the bank expects to close .	That includes unspecified deals the bank does not expect to close .	pos_neg	19087
They like the people .	They do not like the people .	pos_neg	19088
I am scared , but I know who to turn to .	I am scared , but I do not know who to turn to .	pos_neg	19089
It was too bad .	It was not too bad .	pos_neg	19090
No , she is a great artist .	No , she is not a great artist .	pos_neg	19091
But even that worked .	But even that did not work .	pos_neg	19092
Guadalajara The trouble is , that is very exciting .	Guadalajara The trouble is , that is not very exciting .	pos_neg	19093
" " It just works for me .	" " It just does not work for me .	pos_neg	19094
And I am saying " Halo 3 " is bad .	And I am not saying " Halo 3 " is bad .	pos_neg	19095
Colon cancer is a carnivores-only concern .	Colon cancer is not a carnivores-only concern .	pos_neg	19096
While the political wars go on , the terror war stops .	While the political wars go on , the terror war does not stop .	pos_neg	19097
Enhanced toxicity from radiation therapy following gemcitabine exposure has occurred .	Enhanced toxicity from radiation therapy following gemcitabine exposure has not occurred .	pos_neg	19098
I have been the same since I pitched this story .	I have not been the same since I pitched this story .	pos_neg	19099
The university is going to take it to the world .	The university is not going to take it to the world .	pos_neg	19100
Authorities have released the names of the two D.C. officers involved .	Authorities have not released the names of the two D.C. officers involved .	pos_neg	19101
Rays Rout Struggling Orioles 17-2 The industry-led approach is foolproof , however .	Rays Rout Struggling Orioles 17-2 The industry-led approach is not foolproof , however .	pos_neg	19102
Even if you write checks , fees may still await you .	Even if you do not write checks , fees may still await you .	pos_neg	19103
Take ACTOS if you have active liver disease .	Do not take ACTOS if you have active liver disease .	pos_neg	19104
But LSU is about to abandon the run .	But LSU is not about to abandon the run .	pos_neg	19105
He talks flatly , he sells or brand himself .	He talks flatly , he does not sell or brand himself .	pos_neg	19106
It just was to be .	It just was not to be .	pos_neg	19107
I know how many girls can stand that for too long .	I do not know how many girls can stand that for too long .	pos_neg	19108
An architectural wonder it is .	An architectural wonder it is not .	pos_neg	19109
But it is something we are terrified of .	But it is not something we are terrified of .	pos_neg	19110
Mr. Baryshnikov said he felt completely comfortable speaking onstage in English .	Mr. Baryshnikov said he did not feel completely comfortable speaking onstage in English .	pos_neg	19111
" I think about it now , " she said .	" I do not think about it now , " she said .	pos_neg	19112
I remember expressing that as my personal view .	I do not remember expressing that as my personal view .	pos_neg	19113
They typically ask quality-of-life questions - about schools , for instance .	They typically do not ask quality-of-life questions - about schools , for instance .	pos_neg	19114
The controversy , however , has abated .	The controversy , however , has not abated .	pos_neg	19115
He added that the Dakota typically allows combinations .	He added that the Dakota typically does not allow combinations .	pos_neg	19116
I am really going to feel how they feel .	I am not really going to feel how they feel .	pos_neg	19117
If it is a sudden call , it is a package .	If it is not a sudden call , it is a package .	pos_neg	19118
The Writings of Norman Mailer Eat in Eat out .	The Writings of Norman Mailer Eat in Do not eat out .	pos_neg	19119
The Grand National winner who was .	The Grand National winner who was not .	pos_neg	19120
Their condition was immediately known .	Their condition was not immediately known .	pos_neg	19121
Well , you leave it anywhere .	Well , you do not leave it anywhere .	pos_neg	19122
Boras returned telephone calls seeking comment on the surprising development .	Boras did not return telephone calls seeking comment on the surprising development .	pos_neg	19123
He needs that now .	He does not need that now .	pos_neg	19124
I begrudge them theirs .	I do not begrudge them theirs .	pos_neg	19125
We are getting your translation , Mr. President .	We are not getting your translation , Mr. President .	pos_neg	19126
Their selfishness allows them to accept those realities .	Their selfishness does not allow them to accept those realities .	pos_neg	19127
I made a dime .	I did not make a dime .	pos_neg	19128
We believe the chief executive knows what 's happening .	We believe the chief executive does not know what 's happening .	pos_neg	19129
It was a mistake .	It was not a mistake .	pos_neg	19130
Huntley 's condition was thought to be life-threatening .	Huntley 's condition was not thought to be life-threatening .	pos_neg	19131
But the pain is confined to the original lender .	But the pain is not confined to the original lender .	pos_neg	19132
But I guess some people saw that .	But I guess some people did not see that .	pos_neg	19133
For father and son , it was .	For father and son , it was not .	pos_neg	19134
The spoken chorus parts were confidently done .	The spoken chorus parts were not confidently done .	pos_neg	19135
These self-promoting values hacks speak for the American mainstream .	These self-promoting values hacks do not speak for the American mainstream .	pos_neg	19136
But leave your caterer out of the loop .	But do not leave your caterer out of the loop .	pos_neg	19137
I am sorry it worked out .	I am sorry it did not work out .	pos_neg	19138
These are new questions .	These are not new questions .	pos_neg	19139
And this was a one off .	And this was not a one off .	pos_neg	19140
They want a one-season bag .	They do not want a one-season bag .	pos_neg	19141
We are happy just to stay at this stage .	We are not happy just to stay at this stage .	pos_neg	19142
But the play is purely gloomy .	But the play is not purely gloomy .	pos_neg	19143
Zito had a starter in 2006 and 2007 .	Zito did not have a starter in 2006 and 2007 .	pos_neg	19144
Nevertheless , his study is the only indication of something amiss .	Nevertheless , his study is not the only indication of something amiss .	pos_neg	19145
But , tragedy -- the doctor had the right serum !	But , tragedy -- the doctor did not have the right serum !	pos_neg	19146
Then he shrugged as if he believed himself .	Then he shrugged as if he did not believe himself .	pos_neg	19147
Whether it comes off , I know .	Whether it comes off , I do not know .	pos_neg	19148
Please make me go to Brooklyn .	Please do not make me go to Brooklyn .	pos_neg	19149
There is a VFW tavern in town , but Troy bothers .	There is a VFW tavern in town , but Troy does not bother .	pos_neg	19150
Twenty-six clerks participated in the meeting .	Twenty-six clerks did not participate in the meeting .	pos_neg	19151
Greece to bolster pollution penalties She responded to repeated follow-up calls .	Greece to bolster pollution penalties She did not respond to repeated follow-up calls .	pos_neg	19152
The Company undertakes to update these forward-looking statements .	The Company does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	19153
If you want to stay healthy in America , get sick .	If you want to stay healthy in America , do not get sick .	pos_neg	19154
The documents indicate that the plot was carried out .	The documents do not indicate that the plot was carried out .	pos_neg	19155
Pam : He made a comment about it .	Pam : He did not make a comment about it .	pos_neg	19156
I am sure he wants to work that hard .	I am not sure he wants to work that hard .	pos_neg	19157
The Felton dealer was arrested .	The Felton dealer was not arrested .	pos_neg	19158
Williams was a random target , Abraham said Wednesday .	Williams was not a random target , Abraham said Wednesday .	pos_neg	19159
It is newsworthy .	It is not newsworthy .	pos_neg	19160
This is the end .	This is not the end .	pos_neg	19161
I am telling you we serve meat .	I am telling you we do not serve meat .	pos_neg	19162
DeMeo said Stiles is the girl 's father .	DeMeo said Stiles is not the girl 's father .	pos_neg	19163
Mr Green asked why Ms Smith told Parliament about the problem .	Mr Green asked why Ms Smith did not tell Parliament about the problem .	pos_neg	19164
ROAD trips are what they used to be .	ROAD trips are not what they used to be .	pos_neg	19165
It is sharp pain .	It is not sharp pain .	pos_neg	19166
So far the political opposition has shown its street power .	So far the political opposition has not shown its street power .	pos_neg	19167
The news for retailers was all good , however .	The news for retailers was not all good , however .	pos_neg	19168
'More coherent' The players required medical attention .	'More coherent' The players did not require medical attention .	pos_neg	19169
Taygen cries when she is hurt .	Taygen does not cry when she is hurt .	pos_neg	19170
Spears needs to be present for this arraignment .	Spears does not need to be present for this arraignment .	pos_neg	19171
But one worker 's voice-activated headset cooperated .	But one worker 's voice-activated headset did not cooperate .	pos_neg	19172
Foust said the woman seemed to realize what was happening .	Foust said the woman did not seem to realize what was happening .	pos_neg	19173
It is science fiction .	It is not science fiction .	pos_neg	19174
They are called extras , for one thing .	They are not called extras , for one thing .	pos_neg	19175
The concrete jungle of 1970s buildings is to everyone 's taste .	The concrete jungle of 1970s buildings is not to everyone 's taste .	pos_neg	19176
The company returned requests seeking comment .	The company did not return requests seeking comment .	pos_neg	19177
But the technosphere cares .	But the technosphere does not care .	pos_neg	19178
Let 's hope the males he is with are Leonard and Paul .	Let 's hope the males he is with are not Leonard and Paul .	pos_neg	19179
And gotcha politics seems Obama 's game .	And gotcha politics does not seem Obama 's game .	pos_neg	19180
He returned calls seeking comment .	He did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	19181
The elasticity of last Friday 's deadline was an encouraging start .	The elasticity of last Friday 's deadline was not an encouraging start .	pos_neg	19182
Some said they were paid for their work .	Some said they were not paid for their work .	pos_neg	19183
But in " Second Life , " that is what happened .	But in " Second Life , " that is not what happened .	pos_neg	19184
The names of those involved were released .	The names of those involved were not released .	pos_neg	19185
It is going to happen !	It is not going to happen !	pos_neg	19186
This is taught in schools here .	This is not taught in schools here .	pos_neg	19187
Arab countries have done anywhere near enough to support the negotiations .	Arab countries have not done anywhere near enough to support the negotiations .	pos_neg	19188
He has been .	He has not been .	pos_neg	19189
" My confidence is shaken , " Weis said .	" My confidence is not shaken , " Weis said .	pos_neg	19190
The statement identified the dietary supplement .	The statement did not identify the dietary supplement .	pos_neg	19191
They want to disappoint him .	They do not want to disappoint him .	pos_neg	19192
But Hitchens was to be mollified .	But Hitchens was not to be mollified .	pos_neg	19193
I am really used to that .	I am not really used to that .	pos_neg	19194
Right now , I want to be tied down .	Right now , I do not want to be tied down .	pos_neg	19195
We know where it is going .	We do not know where it is going .	pos_neg	19196
It was an ulcer .	It was not an ulcer .	pos_neg	19197
And cheap works on a racetrack .	And cheap does not work on a racetrack .	pos_neg	19198
Sex readjustment surgery , however , is mentioned in the IRS literature .	Sex readjustment surgery , however , is not mentioned in the IRS literature .	pos_neg	19199
Maybe someone up there wants me to win the world championship .	Maybe someone up there does not want me to win the world championship .	pos_neg	19200
This election is about choosing change over experience .	This election is not about choosing change over experience .	pos_neg	19201
For example , here people wear helmets .	For example , here people do not wear helmets .	pos_neg	19202
It is the job of government to protect jobs in failed ventures .	It is not the job of government to protect jobs in failed ventures .	pos_neg	19203
Because they enrol typical people .	Because they do not enroll typical people .	pos_neg	19204
His departure slowed the Red Sox .	His departure did not slow the Red Sox .	pos_neg	19205
It is easy to prove cause and effect here .	It is not easy to prove cause and effect here .	pos_neg	19206
I am only very glad that you showed that it hurt .	I am only very glad that you did not show that it hurt .	pos_neg	19207
I anticipate a full-scale invasion by Turkey .	I do not anticipate a full-scale invasion by Turkey .	pos_neg	19208
Ten days are going to produce professional-level unanimity regardless of talent .	Ten days are not going to produce professional-level unanimity regardless of talent .	pos_neg	19209
Deep suspicion is entirely unfounded .	Deep suspicion is not entirely unfounded .	pos_neg	19210
" Look , this is you , " she told him .	" Look , this is not you , " she told him .	pos_neg	19211
I just want to get a tattoo .	I just do not want to get a tattoo .	pos_neg	19212
It is for lack of trying .	It is not for lack of trying .	pos_neg	19213
It is every day somebody puts a price on your head .	It is not every day somebody puts a price on your head .	pos_neg	19214
Israel is rising to the bait .	Israel is not rising to the bait .	pos_neg	19215
The Company undertakes to update its forward-looking statements .	The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	19216
Even now , we have plumbed all of the atom 's utility .	Even now , we have not plumbed all of the atom 's utility .	pos_neg	19217
It is hard to continue believing .	It is not hard to continue believing .	pos_neg	19218
This is just Jena 's problem ; it is America 's problem .	This is not just Jena 's problem ; it is America 's problem .	pos_neg	19219
The World Series has been close in a while .	The World Series has not been close in a while .	pos_neg	19220
But at least I hurt my knee .	But at least I did not hurt my knee .	pos_neg	19221
But I am one of these going around whining about it .	But I am not one of these going around whining about it .	pos_neg	19222
Well , that question was asked .	Well , that question was not asked .	pos_neg	19223
No , they have passed us .	No , they have not passed us .	pos_neg	19224
The key for Farid is the beard , but the audio .	The key for Farid is not the beard , but the audio .	pos_neg	19225
Meg Ryan is someone we see too often .	Meg Ryan is someone we do not see too often .	pos_neg	19226
I have the resources to play the game on my own .	I do not have the resources to play the game on my own .	pos_neg	19227
You know , I am going to do it perfectly .	You know , I am not going to do it perfectly .	pos_neg	19228
The public road is a private gym .	The public road is not a private gym .	pos_neg	19229
" That is what I do , " he said .	" That is not what I do , " he said .	pos_neg	19230
Continuing success comes about by chance .	Continuing success does not come about by chance .	pos_neg	19231
" " We are really sure what 's going on there .	" " We are not really sure what 's going on there .	pos_neg	19232
Where they agree , a crack appears , he said .	Where they do not agree , a crack appears , he said .	pos_neg	19233
After all , drinking is protected by the Constitution .	After all , drinking is not protected by the Constitution .	pos_neg	19234
But that is the end of the story .	But that is not the end of the story .	pos_neg	19235
It was just idle talk .	It was not just idle talk .	pos_neg	19236
But they have caught on in the United States .	But they have not caught on in the United States .	pos_neg	19237
It just was simple .	It just was not simple .	pos_neg	19238
But some of the men say they are interested in women .	But some of the men say they are not interested in women .	pos_neg	19239
If that loan closes , they cannot make their home payment .	If that loan does not close , they cannot make their home payment .	pos_neg	19240
I know where it comes from .	I do not know where it comes from .	pos_neg	19241
The figure included losses sustained by business and commerce .	The figure did not include losses sustained by business and commerce .	pos_neg	19242
The body was what was bothering her .	The body was not what was bothering her .	pos_neg	19243
I see how they connect .	I do not see how they connect .	pos_neg	19244
Getting there : Airfare is included .	Getting there : Airfare is not included .	pos_neg	19245
Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , said he buys that argument .	Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , said he does not buy that argument .	pos_neg	19246
But I am real good at understanding .	But I am not real good at understanding .	pos_neg	19247
This is a new argument that they are making .	This is not a new argument that they are making .	pos_neg	19248
I know what we will do without it .	I do not know what we will do without it .	pos_neg	19249
" They make ' em like they used to .	" They do not make ' em like they used to .	pos_neg	19250
Hixon said that Everett 's injury had altered his outlook .	Hixon said that Everett 's injury had not altered his outlook .	pos_neg	19251
They see each other .	They do not see each other .	pos_neg	19252
The Saudis have diplomatic relations with Israel .	The Saudis do not have diplomatic relations with Israel .	pos_neg	19253
Suddenly , 50,000 volunteers sounds like a lot .	Suddenly , 50,000 volunteers does not sound like a lot .	pos_neg	19254
But they work on every tumor .	But they do not work on every tumor .	pos_neg	19255
She has visited her old university , fearing car bombs or kidnappings .	She has not visited her old university , fearing car bombs or kidnappings .	pos_neg	19256
It is close .	It is not close .	pos_neg	19257
And many girls have the choice - they are exploited sexually .	And many girls do not have the choice - they are exploited sexually .	pos_neg	19258
And if they did , I noticed - or care .	And if they did , I did not notice - or care .	pos_neg	19259
This one went Oregon 's way , however .	This one did not go Oregon 's way , however .	pos_neg	19260
He has spoken publicly about the IPCC investigation .	He has not spoken publicly about the IPCC investigation .	pos_neg	19261
Dr Caspi and Dr Moffitt , however , were so sure .	Dr Caspi and Dr Moffitt , however , were not so sure .	pos_neg	19262
Matsuzaka played in the final Game Four .	Matsuzaka did not play in the final Game Four .	pos_neg	19263
But he said the brotherhood were extremists .	But he said the brotherhood were not extremists .	pos_neg	19264
But Helvin sees it that way .	But Helvin does not see it that way .	pos_neg	19265
Maybe it is more interesting that way ; I know .	Maybe it is more interesting that way ; I do not know .	pos_neg	19266
It was a political answer .	It was not a political answer .	pos_neg	19267
It is when you are auditioning that there is a problem .	It is when you are not auditioning that there is a problem .	pos_neg	19268
It owns the property , and the building was managed properly .	It owns the property , and the building was not managed properly .	pos_neg	19269
I rated her .	I did not rate her .	pos_neg	19270
Oftentimes , a bedroom offers adequate space to spread out materials .	Oftentimes , a bedroom does not offer adequate space to spread out materials .	pos_neg	19271
But this is about ethnicity .	But this is not about ethnicity .	pos_neg	19272
Tsartisfaction : What the Bolsheviks got no of .	Tsartisfaction : What the Bolsheviks did not get no of .	pos_neg	19273
The rules apply only to new hires .	The rules do not apply only to new hires .	pos_neg	19274
For all the sheer excitement , it was particularly distinctive or probing .	For all the sheer excitement , it was not particularly distinctive or probing .	pos_neg	19275
Even Indians Were Immune To Her Charisma .	Even Indians Were Not Immune To Her Charisma .	pos_neg	19276
That theme was specified in the e-mail Ms. Baum sent me .	That theme was not specified in the e-mail Ms. Baum sent me .	pos_neg	19277
Mentally , I was completely there .	Mentally , I was not completely there .	pos_neg	19278
Pricing details were immediately available .	Pricing details were not immediately available .	pos_neg	19279
GAN : I think you can get just one answer .	GAN : I do not think you can get just one answer .	pos_neg	19280
A : You probably had hives .	A : You probably did not have hives .	pos_neg	19281
Albert said the sides have spoken in two weeks .	Albert said the sides have not spoken in two weeks .	pos_neg	19282
" This is an ordinary case , " he said .	" This is not an ordinary case , " he said .	pos_neg	19283
It turns out that is the strangest request she has received .	It turns out that is not the strangest request she has received .	pos_neg	19284
FOSSETT : We take these steps frequently .	FOSSETT : We do not take these steps frequently .	pos_neg	19285
If we are , we will get that picture too .	If we are not , we will get that picture too .	pos_neg	19286
But that is how McLeish first heard about the episode .	But that is not how McLeish first heard about the episode .	pos_neg	19287
The condition of the hospitalized passengers was known .	The condition of the hospitalized passengers was not known .	pos_neg	19288
But it becomes clear that genuine communication comes easily to them .	But it becomes clear that genuine communication does not come easily to them .	pos_neg	19289
" " His first job in Cleveland , it worked .	" " His first job in Cleveland , it did not work .	pos_neg	19290
Bush and Talabani made comments or take questions from reporters .	Bush and Talabani did not make comments or take questions from reporters .	pos_neg	19291
The whale sank and was harvested .	The whale sank and was not harvested .	pos_neg	19292
" This is just my company , " he said .	" This is not just my company , " he said .	pos_neg	19293
Obama acknowledged that he was imposing a clear cut ban on lobbyists .	Obama acknowledged that he was not imposing a clear cut ban on lobbyists .	pos_neg	19294
Some award presentations were included in the ABC telecast .	Some award presentations were not included in the ABC telecast .	pos_neg	19295
Web - exclusive commentary But Rio is expected to go quietly .	Web - exclusive commentary But Rio is not expected to go quietly .	pos_neg	19296
" " We are ready for prime time .	" " We are not ready for prime time .	pos_neg	19297
And for 24 hours , Bagpuss has been well .	And for 24 hours , Bagpuss has not been well .	pos_neg	19298
The surprise was that 20-year-olds listen to Sting .	The surprise was not that 20-year-olds listen to Sting .	pos_neg	19299
Representatives from both companies were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from both companies were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	19300
Your testimony is satisfactory .	Your testimony is not satisfactory .	pos_neg	19301
It was immediately known if the three funeral directors had attorneys .	It was not immediately known if the three funeral directors had attorneys .	pos_neg	19302
The RAF said they know if the device survived the fall .	The RAF said they do not know if the device survived the fall .	pos_neg	19303
I hope they are relatives of Midge .	I hope they are not relatives of Midge .	pos_neg	19304
And I want to .	And I do not want to .	pos_neg	19305
" " Fatigue is a fad .	" " Fatigue is not a fad .	pos_neg	19306
SOURCE Sittercity.com It was intentional .	SOURCE Sittercity.com It was not intentional .	pos_neg	19307
This same old experience is relevant .	This same old experience is not relevant .	pos_neg	19308
She commented at the hearing .	She did not comment at the hearing .	pos_neg	19309
I felt sorry .	I did not feel sorry .	pos_neg	19310
They are from here .	They are not from here .	pos_neg	19311
Microsoft was kidding .	Microsoft was not kidding .	pos_neg	19312
Chuck Norris votes for president of the United States .	Chuck Norris does not vote for president of the United States .	pos_neg	19313
That is true today .	That is not true today .	pos_neg	19314
Furthermore , it is a valid interpretation in this context .	Furthermore , it is not a valid interpretation in this context .	pos_neg	19315
We have this candidate who really is .	We do not have this candidate who really is .	pos_neg	19316
I care who is coaching the team .	I do not care who is coaching the team .	pos_neg	19317
He has spoken with Erfle 's family or friends .	He has not spoken with Erfle 's family or friends .	pos_neg	19318
He almost was part of our unit .	He almost was not part of our unit .	pos_neg	19319
Television replays showed that he had been .	Television replays showed that he had not been .	pos_neg	19320
It worked today .	It did not work today .	pos_neg	19321
Launch dates for other countries were announced .	Launch dates for other countries were not announced .	pos_neg	19322
With home prices , consumer credit deterioration is far off .	With home prices , consumer credit deterioration is not far off .	pos_neg	19323
Source : www.wordcentral.com You saw that happen again .	Source : www.wordcentral.com You did not see that happen again .	pos_neg	19324
They were willing to talk further this week , a spokesman said .	They were not willing to talk further this week , a spokesman said .	pos_neg	19325
The reality , according to his sister , was so glamorous .	The reality , according to his sister , was not so glamorous .	pos_neg	19326
Now , that might sound cynical , but Mitt is a charlatan .	Now , that might sound cynical , but Mitt is not a charlatan .	pos_neg	19327
Tunnell is authorized to speak to the media , Grammer said .	Tunnell is not authorized to speak to the media , Grammer said .	pos_neg	19328
Such women are necessarily skinny .	Such women are not necessarily skinny .	pos_neg	19329
There was a puny , stringy dud in the lot .	There was not a puny , stringy dud in the lot .	pos_neg	19330
The man was named .	The man was not named .	pos_neg	19331
The United States reacted directly however , they noted .	The United States did not react directly however , they noted .	pos_neg	19332
The amount of the fine was known .	The amount of the fine was not known .	pos_neg	19333
He is shy about representing it .	He is not shy about representing it .	pos_neg	19334
They care if people live or die .	They do not care if people live or die .	pos_neg	19335
But the book is another New Age paean to midlife self-acceptance .	But the book is not another New Age paean to midlife self-acceptance .	pos_neg	19336
But I know that it necessarily will .	But I do not know that it necessarily will .	pos_neg	19337
And he is afraid to show it .	And he is not afraid to show it .	pos_neg	19338
And this is the first time Blackwater contractors have been in trouble .	And this is not the first time Blackwater contractors have been in trouble .	pos_neg	19339
What it means : Purification .	What it does not mean : Purification .	pos_neg	19340
H.R. 2881 mandates that airports increase the PFC at their airport .	H.R. 2881 does not mandate that airports increase the PFC at their airport .	pos_neg	19341
It is hard to hurt a factory that is building cars .	It is hard to hurt a factory that is not building cars .	pos_neg	19342
June 18 , 2007 issue - Some grudges just die .	June 18 , 2007 issue - Some grudges just do not die .	pos_neg	19343
Yet Mr Forbes is the sole voice of opposition to the development .	Yet Mr Forbes is not the sole voice of opposition to the development .	pos_neg	19344
You 're going out to vote for me for a third term .	You 're not going out to vote for me for a third term .	pos_neg	19345
I just know how to explain it .	I just do not know how to explain it .	pos_neg	19346
Almost everyone agrees Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad belongs at ground zero .	Almost everyone agrees Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad does not belong at ground zero .	pos_neg	19347
ei = 68343 It is publicly known if this was paid .	ei = 68343 It is not publicly known if this was paid .	pos_neg	19348
It was immediately clear how they responded to the charges .	It was not immediately clear how they responded to the charges .	pos_neg	19349
It is a conflict between Muslims and Jews .	It is not a conflict between Muslims and Jews .	pos_neg	19350
Proximity to wealth makes one wealthy .	Proximity to wealth does not make one wealthy .	pos_neg	19351
This is a new problem , of course .	This is not a new problem , of course .	pos_neg	19352
" I just saw it , " he recalled .	" I just did not see it , " he recalled .	pos_neg	19353
But those talks have succeeded .	But those talks have not succeeded .	pos_neg	19354
The bus driver was injured .	The bus driver was not injured .	pos_neg	19355
Police said the three were wearing seat belts .	Police said the three were not wearing seat belts .	pos_neg	19356
Democracy is necessarily immediately going to elections .	Democracy is not necessarily immediately going to elections .	pos_neg	19357
Saks is courting my admiration , but she has it .	Saks is not courting my admiration , but she has it .	pos_neg	19358
" " Language created a barrier .	" " Language did not create a barrier .	pos_neg	19359
Officer Young has been charged in that case , the police said .	Officer Young has not been charged in that case , the police said .	pos_neg	19360
It is that they believe something has happened .	It is not that they believe something has happened .	pos_neg	19361
Beardsley has said he wants to pursue the case .	Beardsley has said he does not want to pursue the case .	pos_neg	19362
It was easy to go onto the court .	It was not easy to go onto the court .	pos_neg	19363
But that has been the case .	But that has not been the case .	pos_neg	19364
Including , as he of course said , China .	Including , as he of course did not say , China .	pos_neg	19365
And it is right .	And it is not right .	pos_neg	19366
It is only the Sanzar countries that value the Lions .	It is not only the Sanzar countries that value the Lions .	pos_neg	19367
New York state history gets a lot more palpable than this .	New York state history does not get a lot more palpable than this .	pos_neg	19368
Sights All those teams say that they are interested at this point .	Sights All those teams say that they are not interested at this point .	pos_neg	19369
Lexie attended today 's court proceedings .	Lexie did not attend today 's court proceedings .	pos_neg	19370
Manufacturers were immediately available for comment .	Manufacturers were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	19371
But the advertising part of the model has changed .	But the advertising part of the model has not changed .	pos_neg	19372
They have mouths .	They do not have mouths .	pos_neg	19373
" They want to legitimize this regime , " she said .	" They do not want to legitimize this regime , " she said .	pos_neg	19374
Officials said they knew the bomb 's origins .	Officials said they did not know the bomb 's origins .	pos_neg	19375
For Career Training " That is true , " Aaron said .	For Career Training " That is not true , " Aaron said .	pos_neg	19376
The 17th-century Dutch were a particularly morbid people ; quite the opposite .	The 17th-century Dutch were not a particularly morbid people ; quite the opposite .	pos_neg	19377
The industry has been standing idly by .	The industry has not been standing idly by .	pos_neg	19378
He said it was " disgraceful " that Greenwood performed .	He said it was " disgraceful " that Greenwood did not perform .	pos_neg	19379
" " They try to pretend like it happened .	" " They try to pretend like it did not happen .	pos_neg	19380
I have resumed eating .	I have not resumed eating .	pos_neg	19381
Rebels confirmed the sea clash , but said they suffered casualties .	Rebels confirmed the sea clash , but said they did not suffer casualties .	pos_neg	19382
It is as plentiful now .	It is not as plentiful now .	pos_neg	19383
Blakey 's successor at the FAA has been named .	Blakey 's successor at the FAA has not been named .	pos_neg	19384
Chronister was involved in the award .	Chronister was not involved in the award .	pos_neg	19385
The impact of the reprimand on Jordan 's career was immediately clear .	The impact of the reprimand on Jordan 's career was not immediately clear .	pos_neg	19386
Alice Longworth originated those words .	Alice Longworth did not originate those words .	pos_neg	19387
Less is more .	Less is not more .	pos_neg	19388
This is just about salving Western governments ' wounded feelings .	This is not just about salving Western governments ' wounded feelings .	pos_neg	19389
They used to have to look at computer screens .	They did not used to have to look at computer screens .	pos_neg	19390
I think I am on the short list .	I do not think I am on the short list .	pos_neg	19391
They were expected to re-open before Thursday .	They were not expected to re-open before Thursday .	pos_neg	19392
I care how .	I do not care how .	pos_neg	19393
" We are a government oversight agency , " Cork said .	" We are not a government oversight agency , " Cork said .	pos_neg	19394
In general , though , I am a big regretter .	In general , though , I am not a big regretter .	pos_neg	19395
If the association responds , the application is deemed approved .	If the association does not respond , the application is deemed approved .	pos_neg	19396
I have seen no one who is wired among my classmates .	I have seen no one who is not wired among my classmates .	pos_neg	19397
I slept all night .	I did not sleep all night .	pos_neg	19398
Poonam , Harrow Mr Novak gave more details .	Poonam , Harrow Mr Novak did not give more details .	pos_neg	19399
And this time , humor is the primary goal .	And this time , humor is not the primary goal .	pos_neg	19400
It was always so .	It was not always so .	pos_neg	19401
Most of the corporate revisions stayed posted for long .	Most of the corporate revisions did not stay posted for long .	pos_neg	19402
Jojo the Whale 's nickname probably needs explaining .	Jojo the Whale 's nickname probably does not need explaining .	pos_neg	19403
I am saying that we should be exempt .	I am not saying that we should be exempt .	pos_neg	19404
I am trying to bash these guys .	I am not trying to bash these guys .	pos_neg	19405
" " But these things happen in Kenya !	" " But these things do not happen in Kenya !	pos_neg	19406
But it is hilarious .	But it is not hilarious .	pos_neg	19407
AP : In the past , your music has been genre specific .	AP : In the past , your music has not been genre specific .	pos_neg	19408
So that is a very good combination for a pitcher .	So that is not a very good combination for a pitcher .	pos_neg	19409
Museums think about objects they hold as a financial asset .	Museums do not think about objects they hold as a financial asset .	pos_neg	19410
It is a real exact science .	It is not a real exact science .	pos_neg	19411
The feature won Google a lot of friends .	The feature did not win Google a lot of friends .	pos_neg	19412
It was gas ; it was love beyond the limits of anatomy .	It was not gas ; it was love beyond the limits of anatomy .	pos_neg	19413
Redesdale travels alone .	Redesdale does not travel alone .	pos_neg	19414
Throw garbage from rooftops .	Do not throw garbage from rooftops .	pos_neg	19415
It is nearly as simple as build it and they will come .	It is not nearly as simple as build it and they will come .	pos_neg	19416
But these are the only charges borrowers face .	But these are not the only charges borrowers face .	pos_neg	19417
Clearly the moose is impressed with us or the Enclave .	Clearly the moose is not impressed with us or the Enclave .	pos_neg	19418
Harnessing informal militias is a new idea in counter-insurgency .	Harnessing informal militias is not a new idea in counter-insurgency .	pos_neg	19419
That was the case today .	That was not the case today .	pos_neg	19420
In fact , I am sure it is .	In fact , I am sure it is not .	pos_neg	19421
Information contained herein contains forward-looking statements which are guarantees of future success .	Information contained herein contains forward-looking statements which are not guarantees of future success .	pos_neg	19422
Friday was a good day for AT & T Wireless .	Friday was not a good day for AT & T Wireless .	pos_neg	19423
Please note that these arguments are necessarily shared by me .	Please note that these arguments are not necessarily shared by me .	pos_neg	19424
The shot officer 's name has been released .	The shot officer 's name has not been released .	pos_neg	19425
Their marriage , by any definition , is an easy one .	Their marriage , by any definition , is not an easy one .	pos_neg	19426
I finished my sentence .	I did not finish my sentence .	pos_neg	19427
We want repeat incidents .	We do not want repeat incidents .	pos_neg	19428
It named the operators .	It did not name the operators .	pos_neg	19429
The Interior Ministry note mentioned another possible tragedy involving Cuban migrants .	The Interior Ministry note did not mention another possible tragedy involving Cuban migrants .	pos_neg	19430
" It was unexpected , " Schilling said .	" It was not unexpected , " Schilling said .	pos_neg	19431
It is rather as if they had heard of Nelson Mandela .	It is rather as if they had not heard of Nelson Mandela .	pos_neg	19432
I want them to find me .	I do not want them to find me .	pos_neg	19433
" " I know where the story came from .	" " I do not know where the story came from .	pos_neg	19434
Gas leak kills 29 Chinese miners Men in suits throw things .	Gas leak kills 29 Chinese miners Men in suits do not throw things .	pos_neg	19435
He is giving up .	He is not giving up .	pos_neg	19436
That is really true .	That is not really true .	pos_neg	19437
The summit is expected to yield binding results .	The summit is not expected to yield binding results .	pos_neg	19438
Some scientists are sure .	Some scientists are not sure .	pos_neg	19439
They discuss Israel or politics , they said .	They do not discuss Israel or politics , they said .	pos_neg	19440
Watch and learn We want to peak too soon .	Watch and learn We do not want to peak too soon .	pos_neg	19441
Our conversation was about bad boyfriends ; it was about contractors .	Our conversation was not about bad boyfriends ; it was about contractors .	pos_neg	19442
But that is because we are a loss leader at Wal-Mart .	But that is because we are not a loss leader at Wal-Mart .	pos_neg	19443
Permanent partisan majorities are possible in American politics .	Permanent partisan majorities are not possible in American politics .	pos_neg	19444
It matters who plays .	It does not matter who plays .	pos_neg	19445
I listened to rap music .	I did not listen to rap music .	pos_neg	19446
McCardell has gotten a lot of support thus far .	McCardell has not gotten a lot of support thus far .	pos_neg	19447
But I am an extremist : I am a modern Muslim .	But I am not an extremist : I am a modern Muslim .	pos_neg	19448
" We have tongs , " he said .	" We do not have tongs , " he said .	pos_neg	19449
Please poke the Cobra .	Please do not poke the Cobra .	pos_neg	19450
I see a recession .	I do not see a recession .	pos_neg	19451
- Rich Beem is going quietly from these PGA Tour Playoffs .	- Rich Beem is not going quietly from these PGA Tour Playoffs .	pos_neg	19452
If it is forbidden , the rules to follow should be obvious .	If it is not forbidden , the rules to follow should be obvious .	pos_neg	19453
She also recognised his mother had been supportive following his suicide bid .	She also recognised his mother had not been supportive following his suicide bid .	pos_neg	19454
And I am the only one .	And I am not the only one .	pos_neg	19455
" The contracts are legal , " he said .	" The contracts are not legal , " he said .	pos_neg	19456
Solomonese was completely assuaged .	Solomonese was not completely assuaged .	pos_neg	19457
Campbell was taken out of the game , but was seriously hurt .	Campbell was taken out of the game , but was not seriously hurt .	pos_neg	19458
They were coming to us become I am unlisted .	They were not coming to us become I am unlisted .	pos_neg	19459
HOYER : No , it is going to die .	HOYER : No , it is not going to die .	pos_neg	19460
But the movement is as cohesive as it once was .	But the movement is not as cohesive as it once was .	pos_neg	19461
" The conditions here are easy , " he said .	" The conditions here are not easy , " he said .	pos_neg	19462
They ran from waiters and dishwashers .	They did not run from waiters and dishwashers .	pos_neg	19463
They traveled aboard a jet owned by Peters .	They did not travel aboard a jet owned by Peters .	pos_neg	19464
Even the G.M. promises are protecting workers from temporary layoffs .	Even the G.M. promises are not protecting workers from temporary layoffs .	pos_neg	19465
These blackout dates have 24 hours .	These blackout dates do not have 24 hours .	pos_neg	19466
-- Experience is always a sign of success .	-- Experience is not always a sign of success .	pos_neg	19467
" I believe it will happen , " said Hamilton .	" I do not believe it will happen , " said Hamilton .	pos_neg	19468
The Golden Compass is the only big-budget fantasy film heading our way .	The Golden Compass is not the only big-budget fantasy film heading our way .	pos_neg	19469
But his current students seemed to agree .	But his current students did not seem to agree .	pos_neg	19470
The details of the contract were disclosed .	The details of the contract were not disclosed .	pos_neg	19471
Others say Giuliani 's experience with terrorism is the point .	Others say Giuliani 's experience with terrorism is not the point .	pos_neg	19472
" " The trailers are ideal , but they 've alleviated crowding .	" " The trailers are not ideal , but they 've alleviated crowding .	pos_neg	19473
Seattle has many friends now at NBA headquarters .	Seattle does not have many friends now at NBA headquarters .	pos_neg	19474
Mr. Mohammed said he was especially religious .	Mr. Mohammed said he was not especially religious .	pos_neg	19475
It is a major problem but an irritant nonetheless .	It is not a major problem but an irritant nonetheless .	pos_neg	19476
Farmers and ranchers are eligible to apply to the SBA .	Farmers and ranchers are not eligible to apply to the SBA .	pos_neg	19477
But I was exactly sure what it was .	But I was not exactly sure what it was .	pos_neg	19478
They have won a home game since Nov. 24 .	They have not won a home game since Nov. 24 .	pos_neg	19479
The Market Diner property is for sale , just for rent .	The Market Diner property is not for sale , just for rent .	pos_neg	19480
Their work agendas allow for an indefinite wait , Variety said .	Their work agendas do not allow for an indefinite wait , Variety said .	pos_neg	19481
Dean is interested in a record contract for now .	Dean is not interested in a record contract for now .	pos_neg	19482
Thompson identified the conservative leaders he has met with .	Thompson did not identify the conservative leaders he has met with .	pos_neg	19483
This is routine temper tantrums or a fidgety 4-year-old .	This is not routine temper tantrums or a fidgety 4-year-old .	pos_neg	19484
Petraeus participated in Friday 's session .	Petraeus did not participate in Friday 's session .	pos_neg	19485
I found it in many of her responses .	I did not find it in many of her responses .	pos_neg	19486
" I am a big-game hunter , " he said .	" I am not a big-game hunter , " he said .	pos_neg	19487
I have the least doubt that you played for the wopping .	I have not the least doubt that you played for the wopping .	pos_neg	19488
" It is easy to watch , " Guillen said .	" It is not easy to watch , " Guillen said .	pos_neg	19489
As a kicker here you are completely accountable .	As a kicker here you are not completely accountable .	pos_neg	19490
" Or just : " They have money .	" Or just : " They do not have money .	pos_neg	19491
Fall into their trap !	Do not fall into their trap !	pos_neg	19492
Children 's bladders have changed , it is nappies that have .	Children 's bladders have not changed , it is nappies that have .	pos_neg	19493
" It is " Gotcha , " ' Adcock said .	" It is not " Gotcha , " ' Adcock said .	pos_neg	19494
Any retirement benefits were immediately known .	Any retirement benefits were not immediately known .	pos_neg	19495
I know whether he went to this club .	I do not know whether he went to this club .	pos_neg	19496
Davis attended .	Davis did not attend .	pos_neg	19497
" I was going flat out , " she said .	" I was not going flat out , " she said .	pos_neg	19498
They will think we are serious .	They will think we are not serious .	pos_neg	19499
Alda diminishes the impact of others .	Alda does not diminish the impact of others .	pos_neg	19500
That is entirely the case .	That is not entirely the case .	pos_neg	19501
Calls and e-mail messages left with Blackwater on Wednesday were returned .	Calls and e-mail messages left with Blackwater on Wednesday were not returned .	pos_neg	19502
The Company accrued for management incentive compensation in the prior year .	The Company did not accrue for management incentive compensation in the prior year .	pos_neg	19503
The world is voting .	The world is not voting .	pos_neg	19504
I talk about García Márquez , that is all .	I do not talk about García Márquez , that is all .	pos_neg	19505
Mr. Doctoroff attended the news conference .	Mr. Doctoroff did not attend the news conference .	pos_neg	19506
On his Web site , Bonds said he was done .	On his Web site , Bonds said he was not done .	pos_neg	19507
It was known if Saddam was among them .	It was not known if Saddam was among them .	pos_neg	19508
Harrison took questions or confirm the banned substance involved .	Harrison did not take questions or confirm the banned substance involved .	pos_neg	19509
This is the first time BHP has tried to take over Rio .	This is not the first time BHP has tried to take over Rio .	pos_neg	19510
The answer is simple -- the solution is .	The answer is simple -- the solution is not .	pos_neg	19511
" No , I was upset , " reminisced Schiro .	" No , I was not upset , " reminisced Schiro .	pos_neg	19512
Officials said how many passengers had been aboard the two aircraft .	Officials did not say how many passengers had been aboard the two aircraft .	pos_neg	19513
If that works , consult your doctor .	If that does not work , consult your doctor .	pos_neg	19514
Unfortunately , this is one of those situations .	Unfortunately , this is not one of those situations .	pos_neg	19515
Law 's publicist was immediately available for comment .	Law 's publicist was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	19516
But the game machines have been profitable .	But the game machines have not been profitable .	pos_neg	19517
Newsday officials returned an after-hours call seeking comment .	Newsday officials did not return an after-hours call seeking comment .	pos_neg	19518
You are necessarily energetic , just determined to bring matters to completion .	You are not necessarily energetic , just determined to bring matters to completion .	pos_neg	19519
I played a bad match .	I did not play a bad match .	pos_neg	19520
Mr Bernanke has yet to show he is making the same mistake .	Mr Bernanke has yet to show he is not making the same mistake .	pos_neg	19521
Many have valid licenses .	Many do not have valid licenses .	pos_neg	19522
And it is going to make it easier to recruit new trustees .	And it is not going to make it easier to recruit new trustees .	pos_neg	19523
That was true , the detective later acknowledged .	That was not true , the detective later acknowledged .	pos_neg	19524
Lawmakers were alone .	Lawmakers were not alone .	pos_neg	19525
But enthusiasm for Friday 's spending orgy was universal .	But enthusiasm for Friday 's spending orgy was not universal .	pos_neg	19526
She said Nigeria ; she said USA .	She did not say Nigeria ; she said USA .	pos_neg	19527
It is surprising Kwatinetz dropped Spears .	It is not surprising Kwatinetz dropped Spears .	pos_neg	19528
He really knew what to say or what to do .	He really did not know what to say or what to do .	pos_neg	19529
They shared Mr. Thompson 's zeal for campaign-finance reform .	They did not share Mr. Thompson 's zeal for campaign-finance reform .	pos_neg	19530
This is the first time evangelicals have split .	This is not the first time evangelicals have split .	pos_neg	19531
In fact we will be lucky if they are more than halved .	In fact we will be lucky if they are not more than halved .	pos_neg	19532
It is often that the ESA gets a new head .	It is not often that the ESA gets a new head .	pos_neg	19533
Like most Iraqis I have talked to , he said .	Like most Iraqis I have talked to , he did not say .	pos_neg	19534
I was surprised in the least when I heard the news .	I was not surprised in the least when I heard the news .	pos_neg	19535
All of this would be funny if it were so serious .	All of this would be funny if it were not so serious .	pos_neg	19536
Yet that means the troop buildup is lacking some successes .	Yet that does not mean the troop buildup is lacking some successes .	pos_neg	19537
To determine eligibility , we merely confirmed that our selections were married .	To determine eligibility , we merely confirmed that our selections were not married .	pos_neg	19538
He knows if he will live in the building .	He does not know if he will live in the building .	pos_neg	19539
The moon 's pockmarked and colorful appearance is unlike a pepperoni pizza .	The moon 's pockmarked and colorful appearance is not unlike a pepperoni pizza .	pos_neg	19540
Further financial details have been disclosed .	Further financial details have not been disclosed .	pos_neg	19541
The image and the message faded over the years .	The image and the message did not fade over the years .	pos_neg	19542
Fernandez is typical .	Fernandez is not typical .	pos_neg	19543
It is something we are proud about .	It is not something we are proud about .	pos_neg	19544
" Sometimes I have the answers , " he said .	" Sometimes I do not have the answers , " he said .	pos_neg	19545
Meyers said the union workers trust Cerberus .	Meyers said the union workers do not trust Cerberus .	pos_neg	19546
But experts argue that this is always necessary .	But experts argue that this is not always necessary .	pos_neg	19547
This is Pasternak !	This is not Pasternak !	pos_neg	19548
You 're going to let them walk away .	You 're not going to let them walk away .	pos_neg	19549
His condition was immediately released .	His condition was not immediately released .	pos_neg	19550
The Argentinians will say it is ours to claim .	The Argentinians will say it is not ours to claim .	pos_neg	19551
" He added : " I am afraid of these folks .	" He added : " I am not afraid of these folks .	pos_neg	19552
The findings have been reproduced outside of Dr. Taleyarkhan 's laboratory .	The findings have not been reproduced outside of Dr. Taleyarkhan 's laboratory .	pos_neg	19553
And France had a generous immigration policy at this time .	And France did not have a generous immigration policy at this time .	pos_neg	19554
It means a deal has been concluded .	It does not mean a deal has been concluded .	pos_neg	19555
The most important thing is that you criticise her efforts .	The most important thing is that you do not criticise her efforts .	pos_neg	19556
Like he is man enough to complete the suicide .	Like he is not man enough to complete the suicide .	pos_neg	19557
Such brashness seemed to faze the Rockies .	Such brashness did not seem to faze the Rockies .	pos_neg	19558
You just hope the play turns out too bad .	You just hope the play does not turn out too bad .	pos_neg	19559
Now nearly 80 , Gorbachev 's passion for peace has diminished .	Now nearly 80 , Gorbachev 's passion for peace has not diminished .	pos_neg	19560
It said some arrests were made but the number was immediately available .	It said some arrests were made but the number was not immediately available .	pos_neg	19561
The kick counted .	The kick did not count .	pos_neg	19562
We think she understands how serious this is .	We do not think she understands how serious this is .	pos_neg	19563
Lee followed up .	Lee did not follow up .	pos_neg	19564
" " I know Hunter wanted a divorce .	" " I know Hunter did not want a divorce .	pos_neg	19565
No , they are coming on the show .	No , they are not coming on the show .	pos_neg	19566
Saakashvili has been seen in public since the mass protests started .	Saakashvili has not been seen in public since the mass protests started .	pos_neg	19567
But the past is forgotten .	But the past is not forgotten .	pos_neg	19568
It is fun .	It is not fun .	pos_neg	19569
Fresh air It is always pretty .	Fresh air It is not always pretty .	pos_neg	19570
The curse seems to be working .	The curse does not seem to be working .	pos_neg	19571
They were going away quietly .	They were not going away quietly .	pos_neg	19572
" All is lost , " the weekly Nepali Times wrote .	" All is not lost , " the weekly Nepali Times wrote .	pos_neg	19573
He overpowers people like the Rocket .	He does not overpower people like the Rocket .	pos_neg	19574
But that stopped students from speaking out .	But that did not stop students from speaking out .	pos_neg	19575
" I just went to school , " he says .	" I just did not go to school , " he says .	pos_neg	19576
But his demands are great .	But his demands are not great .	pos_neg	19577
The Gallaghers had expected to get financial aid .	The Gallaghers had not expected to get financial aid .	pos_neg	19578
I regret that now .	I do not regret that now .	pos_neg	19579
Financial details are disclosed .	Financial details are not disclosed .	pos_neg	19580
" It was a penalty , " said Van Zanten .	" It was not a penalty , " said Van Zanten .	pos_neg	19581
But Favre was the only one to have a rough afternoon .	But Favre was not the only one to have a rough afternoon .	pos_neg	19582
If you want a trip to hyperspace , order the decaf .	If you do not want a trip to hyperspace , order the decaf .	pos_neg	19583
These were healthy animals .	These were not healthy animals .	pos_neg	19584
America is certainly an idea , but it is merely an idea .	America is certainly an idea , but it is not merely an idea .	pos_neg	19585
And the league cares .	And the league does not care .	pos_neg	19586
This was just Lego .	This was not just Lego .	pos_neg	19587
We were lost .	We were not lost .	pos_neg	19588
This worked .	This did not work .	pos_neg	19589
But these involve unpopular measures for which the public has been prepared .	But these involve unpopular measures for which the public has not been prepared .	pos_neg	19590
A message left at Durant 's office was returned .	A message left at Durant 's office was not returned .	pos_neg	19591
The scenario is new .	The scenario is not new .	pos_neg	19592
We want the majority to dominate the minority .	We do not want the majority to dominate the minority .	pos_neg	19593
Fabio Quagliarella That is a figure of speech .	Fabio Quagliarella That is not a figure of speech .	pos_neg	19594
Divers chart old shipwreck in Alaska At least they needed directions .	Divers chart old shipwreck in Alaska At least they did not need directions .	pos_neg	19595
But I am complaining .	But I am not complaining .	pos_neg	19596
But when Maryland reciprocated , he walked on with the Mountaineers .	But when Maryland did not reciprocate , he walked on with the Mountaineers .	pos_neg	19597
We need to panic in response to this prospect .	We do not need to panic in response to this prospect .	pos_neg	19598
It is as painful as it used to be .	It is not as painful as it used to be .	pos_neg	19599
We are complete ignoramuses .	We are not complete ignoramuses .	pos_neg	19600
we have done what 's needed to keep America competitive .	we have not done what 's needed to keep America competitive .	pos_neg	19601
Most of the time , the hermaphrodites mate .	Most of the time , the hermaphrodites do not mate .	pos_neg	19602
" I know their names , " Riccio said , shrugging .	" I do not know their names , " Riccio said , shrugging .	pos_neg	19603
But the life-force in him was easily crushed .	But the life-force in him was not easily crushed .	pos_neg	19604
This factor helped when I was trying to show it off .	This factor did not help when I was trying to show it off .	pos_neg	19605
Obama says .	Obama does not say .	pos_neg	19606
I know this person !	I do not know this person !	pos_neg	19607
I said no , I want to do that .	I said no , I do not want to do that .	pos_neg	19608
I wanted a gift , I wanted a kidney .	I did not want a gift , I wanted a kidney .	pos_neg	19609
They demanded £ 50,000 .	They did not demand £ 50,000 .	pos_neg	19610
As always , the challenge is about dieting .	As always , the challenge is not about dieting .	pos_neg	19611
The FDA sets a limit for lead in lipstick .	The FDA does not set a limit for lead in lipstick .	pos_neg	19612
This Islamic sect is universally accepted by other Muslims .	This Islamic sect is not universally accepted by other Muslims .	pos_neg	19613
We are moving out of Iowa .	We are not moving out of Iowa .	pos_neg	19614
Gonzales leaves attorney general 's post I said this is proper .	Gonzales leaves attorney general 's post I said this is not proper .	pos_neg	19615
We have retail bank distribution .	We do not have retail bank distribution .	pos_neg	19616
The Garden State is without its symbols .	The Garden State is not without its symbols .	pos_neg	19617
Today , thin computing is part of an anti-Microsoft crusade .	Today , thin computing is not part of an anti-Microsoft crusade .	pos_neg	19618
Kerik 's attorney , Kenneth Breen , was immediately available for comment .	Kerik 's attorney , Kenneth Breen , was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	19619
Mr. Brown insisted that opinion surveys had influenced his decision .	Mr. Brown insisted that opinion surveys had not influenced his decision .	pos_neg	19620
Babies born from this week onward are considered early .	Babies born from this week onward are not considered early .	pos_neg	19621
It is media relations , which entails contacting the press .	It is not media relations , which entails contacting the press .	pos_neg	19622
That is why I bet .	That is why I do not bet .	pos_neg	19623
And I hope it is seen that way .	And I hope it is not seen that way .	pos_neg	19624
He came out in a silly way , a spoilt way .	He did not come out in a silly way , a spoilt way .	pos_neg	19625
Some members of Congress agree with Petraeus 's outlook .	Some members of Congress do not agree with Petraeus 's outlook .	pos_neg	19626
If Thompson made no proposal , his rivals were as reticent .	If Thompson made no proposal , his rivals were not as reticent .	pos_neg	19627
It is known if Cameron appealed his suspension .	It is not known if Cameron appealed his suspension .	pos_neg	19628
GREENSPAN : It means that you are going to be successful .	GREENSPAN : It does not mean that you are going to be successful .	pos_neg	19629
I have to walk on eggshells .	I do not have to walk on eggshells .	pos_neg	19630
At the same time , incomes kept up with housing prices .	At the same time , incomes did not keep up with housing prices .	pos_neg	19631
Starter Tony Romo played .	Starter Tony Romo did not play .	pos_neg	19632
Maryland requires ID .	Maryland does not require ID .	pos_neg	19633
" That is subject to negotiation , " Mr. Hoyer said Wednesday .	" That is not subject to negotiation , " Mr. Hoyer said Wednesday .	pos_neg	19634
He was , in some cases .	He was not , in some cases .	pos_neg	19635
I have taken a rest .	I have not taken a rest .	pos_neg	19636
Most Parisians had the faintest idea .	Most Parisians did not have the faintest idea .	pos_neg	19637
To this point , the 2007 playoffs had been very competitive .	To this point , the 2007 playoffs had not been very competitive .	pos_neg	19638
But apparently that was enough help for the woeful Capitals .	But apparently that was not enough help for the woeful Capitals .	pos_neg	19639
¶ People who did well in the blackout of 1965 .	¶ People who did not do well in the blackout of 1965 .	pos_neg	19640
The government has charged the imam .	The government has not charged the imam .	pos_neg	19641
But the public is stupid .	But the public is not stupid .	pos_neg	19642
They were available for comment .	They were not available for comment .	pos_neg	19643
Missouri : 13.6 % But it has been completely immune .	Missouri : 13.6 % But it has not been completely immune .	pos_neg	19644
The developer returned a phone message seeking comment .	The developer did not return a phone message seeking comment .	pos_neg	19645
And no , he is going to tell me what they are .	And no , he is not going to tell me what they are .	pos_neg	19646
The father 's identity has been reported .	The father 's identity has not been reported .	pos_neg	19647
I mean I am gonna lie .	I mean I am not gonna lie .	pos_neg	19648
Mr. Botsford minds the rainy climate .	Mr. Botsford does not mind the rainy climate .	pos_neg	19649
You have to be so brilliant that it is fair .	You have to be so brilliant that it is not fair .	pos_neg	19650
That is a good trend line for him .	That is not a good trend line for him .	pos_neg	19651
They voted for us anyway .	They did not vote for us anyway .	pos_neg	19652
People were paying attention .	People were not paying attention .	pos_neg	19653
I fit the mold .	I do not fit the mold .	pos_neg	19654
ROMNEY : We say those things .	ROMNEY : We do not say those things .	pos_neg	19655
In the school system 's eyes , Stover had completed ninth grade .	In the school system 's eyes , Stover had not completed ninth grade .	pos_neg	19656
I feel sorry for Mike Nifong .	I do not feel sorry for Mike Nifong .	pos_neg	19657
It identified the executives .	It did not identify the executives .	pos_neg	19658
The films were really for entertainment but were more like social lessons .	The films were not really for entertainment but were more like social lessons .	pos_neg	19659
Reinfeldt has commented on Schenstrom 's decision .	Reinfeldt has not commented on Schenstrom 's decision .	pos_neg	19660
This is science .	This is not science .	pos_neg	19661
This Board of Education is doing its job .	This Board of Education is not doing its job .	pos_neg	19662
Annie wants Opal to know she is out driving .	Annie does not want Opal to know she is out driving .	pos_neg	19663
Others are sure what they believe .	Others are not sure what they believe .	pos_neg	19664
I am sure if I can completely achieve it this year .	I am not sure if I can completely achieve it this year .	pos_neg	19665
It matters whether Kurd or Turk .	It does not matter whether Kurd or Turk .	pos_neg	19666
It is a one-size-fits-all type deal .	It is not a one-size-fits-all type deal .	pos_neg	19667
But that means it absolutely has to happen .	But that does not mean it absolutely has to happen .	pos_neg	19668
I thought it would be this big .	I did not think it would be this big .	pos_neg	19669
The turbo sim solution is really an unlock solution .	The turbo sim solution is not really an unlock solution .	pos_neg	19670
We really have taken gender into consideration .	We really have not taken gender into consideration .	pos_neg	19671
But my husband 's death was a money-making venture .	But my husband 's death was not a money-making venture .	pos_neg	19672
" " I know what to do now .	" " I do not know what to do now .	pos_neg	19673
That is why I am telling a story .	That is why I am not telling a story .	pos_neg	19674
Yankees relievers had pitched as effectively as their Cleveland counterparts .	Yankees relievers had not pitched as effectively as their Cleveland counterparts .	pos_neg	19675
Downey responded to a request for comment .	Downey did not respond to a request for comment .	pos_neg	19676
We are from Florida .	We are not from Florida .	pos_neg	19677
Torre won the World Series in the following seven seasons .	Torre did not win the World Series in the following seven seasons .	pos_neg	19678
More like Elmoesque -- but he was wrong .	More like Elmoesque -- but he was not wrong .	pos_neg	19679
Administration officials insist that Mr. Bloomberg has violated the 2002 opinion .	Administration officials insist that Mr. Bloomberg has not violated the 2002 opinion .	pos_neg	19680
Republican Congressman Mark Foley was so fortunate .	Republican Congressman Mark Foley was not so fortunate .	pos_neg	19681
I am doing mass releases .	I am not doing mass releases .	pos_neg	19682
Jets kick returner Miller out for season This is acceptable .	Jets kick returner Miller out for season This is not acceptable .	pos_neg	19683
The blaze is being treated as suspicious .	The blaze is not being treated as suspicious .	pos_neg	19684
I am concocting heartrending stories for effect .	I am not concocting heartrending stories for effect .	pos_neg	19685
I do costumes .	I do not do costumes .	pos_neg	19686
The companies disclosed additional financial details .	The companies did not disclose additional financial details .	pos_neg	19687
" " He is upholding the law .	" " He is not upholding the law .	pos_neg	19688
You need to change the battery during the day .	You do not need to change the battery during the day .	pos_neg	19689
" It is a proper selling term , " she said .	" It is not a proper selling term , " she said .	pos_neg	19690
Crutcher said his family knows what happened to his sister .	Crutcher said his family does not know what happened to his sister .	pos_neg	19691
Duncan said he had told Unger where the body was .	Duncan said he had not told Unger where the body was .	pos_neg	19692
A national average comparison rate is available for one-month CDs .	A national average comparison rate is not available for one-month CDs .	pos_neg	19693
I am so sure he is selectively choosing the facts .	I am not so sure he is selectively choosing the facts .	pos_neg	19694
Mickelson was the only player to pull out .	Mickelson was not the only player to pull out .	pos_neg	19695
It is a taboo subject .	It is not a taboo subject .	pos_neg	19696
Mine had .	Mine had not .	pos_neg	19697
OK , so I pray .	OK , so I do not pray .	pos_neg	19698
This means they were wrong in principle .	This does not mean they were wrong in principle .	pos_neg	19699
So it is that middle ground that I know .	So it is that middle ground that I do not know .	pos_neg	19700
First downs 19 6 But her time at Columbia has been conflict-free .	First downs 19 6 But her time at Columbia has not been conflict-free .	pos_neg	19701
What I knew was that it would be so easy .	What I did not know was that it would be so easy .	pos_neg	19702
But ( we ) are the ones who decide on that .	But ( we ) are not the ones who decide on that .	pos_neg	19703
An information is a finding of guilt .	An information is not a finding of guilt .	pos_neg	19704
Maybe I know no better .	Maybe I do not know no better .	pos_neg	19705
" They catch an attitude , " he said .	" They do not catch an attitude , " he said .	pos_neg	19706
They make me .	They do not make me .	pos_neg	19707
But psychology is taken very seriously by governments .	But psychology is not taken very seriously by governments .	pos_neg	19708
It was just the offense .	It was not just the offense .	pos_neg	19709
... Calls to lawyers representing Spears and Federline were immediately returned .	... Calls to lawyers representing Spears and Federline were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	19710
Air travel is as bad as they say .	Air travel is not as bad as they say .	pos_neg	19711
I know , we will just have to wait and see .	I do not know , we will just have to wait and see .	pos_neg	19712
But the gains were immediately evident in the roll call .	But the gains were not immediately evident in the roll call .	pos_neg	19713
It is static like the walls of a house are .	It is not static like the walls of a house are .	pos_neg	19714
South Carolina , however , escaped unscathed on its next mistake .	South Carolina , however , did not escape unscathed on its next mistake .	pos_neg	19715
This was a difficult sell .	This was not a difficult sell .	pos_neg	19716
What we have produced in the last two weeks was good enough .	What we have produced in the last two weeks was not good enough .	pos_neg	19717
" " But that is the number to keep your eye on .	" " But that is not the number to keep your eye on .	pos_neg	19718
These films are screened in the cinema through the year .	These films are not screened in the cinema through the year .	pos_neg	19719
The other broadcast networks have decided what to do .	The other broadcast networks have not decided what to do .	pos_neg	19720
A message left for Hedden 's family was immediately returned Wednesday .	A message left for Hedden 's family was not immediately returned Wednesday .	pos_neg	19721
It was quite Edward-Scissorhands-crazy-looking , but it was definitely weird .	It was not quite Edward-Scissorhands-crazy-looking , but it was definitely weird .	pos_neg	19722
Ramos was pleased .	Ramos was not pleased .	pos_neg	19723
I am here to vote off one of the best .	I am not here to vote off one of the best .	pos_neg	19724
Dr. Parazynski skipped a beat .	Dr. Parazynski did not skip a beat .	pos_neg	19725
He is a threat to you .	He is not a threat to you .	pos_neg	19726
id = 1668602007 It was planned , his campaign said .	id = 1668602007 It was not planned , his campaign said .	pos_neg	19727
But mention bribery and corruption .	But do not mention bribery and corruption .	pos_neg	19728
I hope it comes to that , maybe it will .	I hope it does not come to that , maybe it will .	pos_neg	19729
Yet the quality of the tropical prints was up to her level .	Yet the quality of the tropical prints was not up to her level .	pos_neg	19730
There is overwhelming evidence that this is the case .	There is overwhelming evidence that this is not the case .	pos_neg	19731
It was a video game score .	It was not a video game score .	pos_neg	19732
In a musical , it is you .	In a musical , it is not you .	pos_neg	19733
Rabbits climb up pine trees .	Rabbits do not climb up pine trees .	pos_neg	19734
The one flame-broiled entry in the big burger race disappointed .	The one flame-broiled entry in the big burger race did not disappoint .	pos_neg	19735
Forecasters expect the storm to become a hurricane .	Forecasters do not expect the storm to become a hurricane .	pos_neg	19736
This is real suicide , you tools .	This is not real suicide , you tools .	pos_neg	19737
" It is an insurmountable thing , " he said .	" It is not an insurmountable thing , " he said .	pos_neg	19738
" I think it will happen again , " Castillo said .	" I do not think it will happen again , " Castillo said .	pos_neg	19739
Harrison took questions about the details of the suspension .	Harrison did not take questions about the details of the suspension .	pos_neg	19740
It is like you cannot go and live happily .	It is not like you cannot go and live happily .	pos_neg	19741
He addressed the legal ramifications of his decision .	He did not address the legal ramifications of his decision .	pos_neg	19742
It is an occasion to cheer .	It is not an occasion to cheer .	pos_neg	19743
But this is just about surviving the rest of his presidency .	But this is not just about surviving the rest of his presidency .	pos_neg	19744
" This is just about wages , " says Regelbrugge .	" This is not just about wages , " says Regelbrugge .	pos_neg	19745
Sale fares are valid for travel on Sundays .	Sale fares are not valid for travel on Sundays .	pos_neg	19746
I know how well I would handle it , emotionally .	I do not know how well I would handle it , emotionally .	pos_neg	19747
But the report backs a free-for-all melee on the playground .	But the report does not back a free-for-all melee on the playground .	pos_neg	19748
Professor Oriard is so sure .	Professor Oriard is not so sure .	pos_neg	19749
" " I think the locals here would tolerate the paparazzi .	" " I do not think the locals here would tolerate the paparazzi .	pos_neg	19750
Calls to Mr. Lee 's office were returned on Monday .	Calls to Mr. Lee 's office were not returned on Monday .	pos_neg	19751
Seo thought , Maybe risk is like art .	Seo thought , Maybe risk is not like art .	pos_neg	19752
The " evidence " against her had held up .	The " evidence " against her had not held up .	pos_neg	19753
Mark does apologies .	Mark does not do apologies .	pos_neg	19754
I care how old you are .	I do not care how old you are .	pos_neg	19755
This is to censure your concerns .	This is not to censure your concerns .	pos_neg	19756
It matters if they are national or international .	It does not matter if they are national or international .	pos_neg	19757
A Shell spokesman was immediately available for comment .	A Shell spokesman was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	19758
Fils-Aime said the shortage is the result of production problems .	Fils-Aime said the shortage is not the result of production problems .	pos_neg	19759
Clinton : I knew that .	Clinton : I did not know that .	pos_neg	19760
Wormser said it is known whether treatment of STARI is necessary .	Wormser said it is not known whether treatment of STARI is necessary .	pos_neg	19761
My position is going to be guaranteed .	My position is not going to be guaranteed .	pos_neg	19762
She clapped politely but put a campaign sticker on her shirt .	She clapped politely but did not put a campaign sticker on her shirt .	pos_neg	19763
But many workers said Smithfield looked too hard at the paperwork .	But many workers said Smithfield did not look too hard at the paperwork .	pos_neg	19764
McLeod is as concerned about records as he is with another title .	McLeod is not as concerned about records as he is with another title .	pos_neg	19765
I doubt the Google Guys ' sincerity .	I do not doubt the Google Guys ' sincerity .	pos_neg	19766
They are aimed at children .	They are not aimed at children .	pos_neg	19767
Feeling envious of your children is easy to own up to .	Feeling envious of your children is not easy to own up to .	pos_neg	19768
The sun rises nearly fast enough .	The sun does not rise nearly fast enough .	pos_neg	19769
Novak knows .	Novak does not know .	pos_neg	19770
He said he was offered the job at his alma mater .	He said he was not offered the job at his alma mater .	pos_neg	19771
However , the machine dispensed a winner 's slip .	However , the machine did not dispense a winner 's slip .	pos_neg	19772
" I am ashamed , " he told The Seattle Times .	" I am not ashamed , " he told The Seattle Times .	pos_neg	19773
I think we would do that here .	I do not think we would do that here .	pos_neg	19774
I know how to parse that information .	I do not know how to parse that information .	pos_neg	19775
Bureaucracy in the United States helps change .	Bureaucracy in the United States does not help change .	pos_neg	19776
" I have made a fortune , " McLaughlin says .	" I have not made a fortune , " McLaughlin says .	pos_neg	19777
This confusion is going to help .	This confusion is not going to help .	pos_neg	19778
Apple 's iPhone is revolutionary in Korea .	Apple 's iPhone is not revolutionary in Korea .	pos_neg	19779
Now , my friends , I was there .	Now , my friends , I was not there .	pos_neg	19780
This year about 18,000 , 15-year-olds passed a single GCSE exam .	This year about 18,000 , 15-year-olds did not pass a single GCSE exam .	pos_neg	19781
They said they also struck over wages .	They said they also did not strike over wages .	pos_neg	19782
By all accounts , Mr. Giuliani is a devout Catholic .	By all accounts , Mr. Giuliani is not a devout Catholic .	pos_neg	19783
" I back off my positions , " he says .	" I do not back off my positions , " he says .	pos_neg	19784
Thus far , though , it seems they are .	Thus far , though , it seems they are not .	pos_neg	19785
All of a sudden Liege seems that bad .	All of a sudden Liege does not seem that bad .	pos_neg	19786
It was academic .	It was not academic .	pos_neg	19787
Rhodes was hospitalized .	Rhodes was not hospitalized .	pos_neg	19788
And Ms. Richards is alone on the learning curve .	And Ms. Richards is not alone on the learning curve .	pos_neg	19789
I am asking him to do more .	I am not asking him to do more .	pos_neg	19790
I am going to pout .	I am not going to pout .	pos_neg	19791
Then she told the Battistas the problem was a migraine .	Then she told the Battistas the problem was not a migraine .	pos_neg	19792
Either through election or revolution , it matters which .	Either through election or revolution , it does not matter which .	pos_neg	19793
I risk making this all sound entertaining , but it really is .	I risk making this all sound entertaining , but it really is not .	pos_neg	19794
Dogs put a smile on everyone 's face .	Dogs do not put a smile on everyone 's face .	pos_neg	19795
If it is released completely , it can be less effective .	If it is not released completely , it can be less effective .	pos_neg	19796
But that has stopped Lynne Cheney .	But that has not stopped Lynne Cheney .	pos_neg	19797
Just because you are paranoid means no one 's watching .	Just because you are paranoid does not mean no one 's watching .	pos_neg	19798
At the time , presidential widows received pensions .	At the time , presidential widows did not receive pensions .	pos_neg	19799
But forget about the unsung Englishmen of F1 .	But do not forget about the unsung Englishmen of F1 .	pos_neg	19800
His stupidity is our responsibility .	His stupidity is not our responsibility .	pos_neg	19801
Despite diplomatic entreaties , they are budging across the Channel .	Despite diplomatic entreaties , they are not budging across the Channel .	pos_neg	19802
This story is fictional , but Buxton is .	This story is fictional , but Buxton is not .	pos_neg	19803
His habit took hold overnight .	His habit did not take hold overnight .	pos_neg	19804
We have run away from this .	We have not run away from this .	pos_neg	19805
The DNC said its rules committee was scheduled to meet this week .	The DNC said its rules committee was not scheduled to meet this week .	pos_neg	19806
But the questions about Peterson stop there .	But the questions about Peterson do not stop there .	pos_neg	19807
For whatever reason , it has really happened .	For whatever reason , it has not really happened .	pos_neg	19808
I am being an ogre .	I am not being an ogre .	pos_neg	19809
The Giants are rumbling , just humming .	The Giants are not rumbling , just humming .	pos_neg	19810
" It is a problem , " Lel said .	" It is not a problem , " Lel said .	pos_neg	19811
" " I care how the perception is of me .	" " I do not care how the perception is of me .	pos_neg	19812
Hirvonen seals season 's second win It matters .	Hirvonen seals season 's second win It does not matter .	pos_neg	19813
A message left with the company was immediately returned .	A message left with the company was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	19814
But his troubles were over .	But his troubles were not over .	pos_neg	19815
The festival is universally embraced .	The festival is not universally embraced .	pos_neg	19816
Debate organizers invited Dennis Kucinich and Mike Gravel .	Debate organizers did not invite Dennis Kucinich and Mike Gravel .	pos_neg	19817
" " This is a walk for curiosity seekers .	" " This is not a walk for curiosity seekers .	pos_neg	19818
But that day has arrived .	But that day has not arrived .	pos_neg	19819
We are accredited as maths and reading schools .	We are not accredited as maths and reading schools .	pos_neg	19820
This is , quote , unquote , a Super Bowl matchup .	This is not , quote , unquote , a Super Bowl matchup .	pos_neg	19821
It is a lesson that makes her feel great .	It is a lesson that does not make her feel great .	pos_neg	19822
" We are just feeding to young hipsters , " Gurfein said .	" We are not just feeding to young hipsters , " Gurfein said .	pos_neg	19823
But we are unstable .	But we are not unstable .	pos_neg	19824
Miraculously , this was a scam .	Miraculously , this was not a scam .	pos_neg	19825
Instructions : They were nice .	Instructions : They were not nice .	pos_neg	19826
He is hurt .	He is not hurt .	pos_neg	19827
Jackson has lived at the ranch for several years .	Jackson has not lived at the ranch for several years .	pos_neg	19828
Fernandez 's support comes only from her husband .	Fernandez 's support does not come only from her husband .	pos_neg	19829
The attackers had been identified , the news agency said .	The attackers had not been identified , the news agency said .	pos_neg	19830
That shift has gone down altogether smoothly .	That shift has not gone down altogether smoothly .	pos_neg	19831
I know if I could have been that brave otherwise .	I do not know if I could have been that brave otherwise .	pos_neg	19832
But interest in speed means quick adoption of ideas .	But interest in speed does not mean quick adoption of ideas .	pos_neg	19833
He is prohibited from receiving prize money from the championships .	He is not prohibited from receiving prize money from the championships .	pos_neg	19834
It is known whether they survived the initial cave-in .	It is not known whether they survived the initial cave-in .	pos_neg	19835
In Washington , officials were relieved that an attack appears imminent .	In Washington , officials were relieved that an attack does not appear imminent .	pos_neg	19836
I had been this depressed in years .	I had not been this depressed in years .	pos_neg	19837
Lake District boss appointed OBE I am kidding around .	Lake District boss appointed OBE I am not kidding around .	pos_neg	19838
We kept that in mind .	We did not keep that in mind .	pos_neg	19839
At that time , Mr Fincham insisted he was planning to resign .	At that time , Mr Fincham insisted he was not planning to resign .	pos_neg	19840
This device bends the constitution , though breaks it .	This device bends the constitution , though does not break it .	pos_neg	19841
I wanted to strike out in my last at-bat .	I did not want to strike out in my last at-bat .	pos_neg	19842
Yet organizers say the village is just another luxury for New Canaanites .	Yet organizers say the village is not just another luxury for New Canaanites .	pos_neg	19843
" It is fun for me to gamble , " he says .	" It is not fun for me to gamble , " he says .	pos_neg	19844
Details of this new joint venture agreement were disclosed .	Details of this new joint venture agreement were not disclosed .	pos_neg	19845
I think it will .	I do not think it will .	pos_neg	19846
Labor protest is dead .	Labor protest is not dead .	pos_neg	19847
We were ready to win .	We were not ready to win .	pos_neg	19848
We are the same person .	We are not the same person .	pos_neg	19849
The sheer number of hours worked captures the problem .	The sheer number of hours worked does not capture the problem .	pos_neg	19850
But the hangdog photograph is just unflattering .	But the hangdog photograph is not just unflattering .	pos_neg	19851
He is Sure How to Feel About That .	He is Not Sure How to Feel About That .	pos_neg	19852
His efforts to buy Musha Cay , however , were so victorious .	His efforts to buy Musha Cay , however , were not so victorious .	pos_neg	19853
Influenza is life-threatening for everyone .	Influenza is not life-threatening for everyone .	pos_neg	19854
A call to her lawyer David Ozeran was immediately returned .	A call to her lawyer David Ozeran was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	19855
Goldstein was immediately available for comment .	Goldstein was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	19856
He is to touch my client or speak to her directly !	He is not to touch my client or speak to her directly !	pos_neg	19857
She has been able stand up or walk .	She has not been able stand up or walk .	pos_neg	19858
And that is necessarily the case .	And that is not necessarily the case .	pos_neg	19859
He said he misses Wall Street , but misses his friends .	He said he does not miss Wall Street , but misses his friends .	pos_neg	19860
Mercifully , this is the only message running through Ratatouille .	Mercifully , this is not the only message running through Ratatouille .	pos_neg	19861
But he cared .	But he did not care .	pos_neg	19862
Nutrient deficiencies are the whole story , however .	Nutrient deficiencies are not the whole story , however .	pos_neg	19863
" That is a campaign spot , " Gravel says .	" That is not a campaign spot , " Gravel says .	pos_neg	19864
" Sometimes I want to go , " she said .	" Sometimes I do not want to go , " she said .	pos_neg	19865
Last week , Mr. Yamagata responded to a list of questions .	Last week , Mr. Yamagata did not respond to a list of questions .	pos_neg	19866
But the rigorous schedule was easy .	But the rigorous schedule was not easy .	pos_neg	19867
People are attacking me because I am a woman .	People are not attacking me because I am a woman .	pos_neg	19868
He returned calls and e-mails asking him for comment .	He did not return calls and e-mails asking him for comment .	pos_neg	19869
The footage was broadcast by ITV .	The footage was not broadcast by ITV .	pos_neg	19870
The Bush administration has provided a number publicly .	The Bush administration has not provided a number publicly .	pos_neg	19871
Two of our testers had sampled these elsewhere and were impressed .	Two of our testers had sampled these elsewhere and were not impressed .	pos_neg	19872
This year 's rainfall statistics were available for the areas .	This year 's rainfall statistics were not available for the areas .	pos_neg	19873
This represents skin colonisation - it means infection .	This represents skin colonisation - it does not mean infection .	pos_neg	19874
But the coroner has confirmed if Miss Kercher was raped .	But the coroner has not confirmed if Miss Kercher was raped .	pos_neg	19875
CMA Broadcast Awards winners are eligible to enter in consecutive years .	CMA Broadcast Awards winners are not eligible to enter in consecutive years .	pos_neg	19876
I-95 pilot ' thought it was over' It also worked .	I-95 pilot ' thought it was over' It also did not work .	pos_neg	19877
Al Kamen - One of These Things Is Like the Other .	Al Kamen - One of These Things Is Not Like the Other .	pos_neg	19878
Republican FCC Chairman Kevin Martin released a statement .	Republican FCC Chairman Kevin Martin did not release a statement .	pos_neg	19879
General Musharraf 's bond with his troops is just ideological .	General Musharraf 's bond with his troops is not just ideological .	pos_neg	19880
He is only a center fielder , but also the leadoff batter .	He is not only a center fielder , but also the leadoff batter .	pos_neg	19881
I mean , I worried about her going out you know .	I mean , I did not worry about her going out you know .	pos_neg	19882
Lung cancer among women has followed the downward trend .	Lung cancer among women has not followed the downward trend .	pos_neg	19883
I saw it that way .	I did not see it that way .	pos_neg	19884
You talked about the book at school .	You did not talk about the book at school .	pos_neg	19885
It was a great shot .	It was not a great shot .	pos_neg	19886
It is just Domenici 's seat that Republicans have to worry about .	It is not just Domenici 's seat that Republicans have to worry about .	pos_neg	19887
McPhail plans on following that advice .	McPhail does not plan on following that advice .	pos_neg	19888
You know what , I think he will .	You know what , I do not think he will .	pos_neg	19889
Why they should do so is immediately obvious .	Why they should do so is not immediately obvious .	pos_neg	19890
The effort is expected to succeed .	The effort is not expected to succeed .	pos_neg	19891
They have a very good image in Germany .	They do not have a very good image in Germany .	pos_neg	19892
The woman , who has been named , died at the scene .	The woman , who has not been named , died at the scene .	pos_neg	19893
Most science is glamorous .	Most science is not glamorous .	pos_neg	19894
This sat well with Ms. Beyer .	This did not sit well with Ms. Beyer .	pos_neg	19895
The partners have gone public with their plans .	The partners have not gone public with their plans .	pos_neg	19896
They believe it is a deterrent .	They do not believe it is a deterrent .	pos_neg	19897
To David , they were just fools and liars .	To David , they were not just fools and liars .	pos_neg	19898
" Modernity existed here , " Mr. Borja-Villel said .	" Modernity did not exist here , " Mr. Borja-Villel said .	pos_neg	19899
But for Vatagin it is just about money .	But for Vatagin it is not just about money .	pos_neg	19900
A rescue official said the first three victims identified were passengers .	A rescue official said the first three victims identified were not passengers .	pos_neg	19901
One has to automatically be treated .	One does not have to automatically be treated .	pos_neg	19902
" This is about the Children 's Museum , " he said .	" This is not about the Children 's Museum , " he said .	pos_neg	19903
The agency responded to requests for comment .	The agency did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	19904
Actually a half-dozen drinks , but get too excited .	Actually a half-dozen drinks , but do not get too excited .	pos_neg	19905
We have to live together , but some want it .	We have to live together , but some do not want it .	pos_neg	19906
Smith was available for additional comment immediately Monday , his secretary said .	Smith was not available for additional comment immediately Monday , his secretary said .	pos_neg	19907
Wigan said he enjoys the creative process .	Wigan said he does not enjoy the creative process .	pos_neg	19908
I was really thinking about the critical reaction to the books .	I was not really thinking about the critical reaction to the books .	pos_neg	19909
But it went that way .	But it did not go that way .	pos_neg	19910
Others say it is a sure thing .	Others say it is not a sure thing .	pos_neg	19911
Sometimes she controls or demand the ball .	Sometimes she does not control or demand the ball .	pos_neg	19912
But this is one of them .	But this is not one of them .	pos_neg	19913
Michael Moore is Mr Valiant-for-truth .	Michael Moore is not Mr Valiant-for-truth .	pos_neg	19914
What it equates to is a healthy diet .	What it does not equate to is a healthy diet .	pos_neg	19915
And computer power is the only technology spurred on by regulation changes .	And computer power is not the only technology spurred on by regulation changes .	pos_neg	19916
He was O.K. It was a big deal .	He was not O.K. It was a big deal .	pos_neg	19917
He said yesterday that he is seeking independence from China .	He said yesterday that he is not seeking independence from China .	pos_neg	19918
" I said : " I want my time wasted .	" I said : " I do not want my time wasted .	pos_neg	19919
These are one-offs .	These are not one-offs .	pos_neg	19920
You go off with journalists .	You do not go off with journalists .	pos_neg	19921
Except these geeks wear anoraks .	Except these geeks do not wear anoraks .	pos_neg	19922
Nevlud said Scott wanted the officer to leave .	Nevlud said Scott did not want the officer to leave .	pos_neg	19923
We need mean-spirited , shortsighted results .	We do not need mean-spirited , shortsighted results .	pos_neg	19924
" We recommend the Atkins diet , " Miller said .	" We do not recommend the Atkins diet , " Miller said .	pos_neg	19925
Oakwood was listening .	Oakwood was not listening .	pos_neg	19926
Critics have complained that the changes have come fast enough .	Critics have complained that the changes have not come fast enough .	pos_neg	19927
Education Department officials responded yesterday to requests for comment .	Education Department officials did not respond yesterday to requests for comment .	pos_neg	19928
" I like sleeveless , " she whispered about one blouse .	" I do not like sleeveless , " she whispered about one blouse .	pos_neg	19929
This is Judd Apatow raunch we are talking about .	This is not Judd Apatow raunch we are talking about .	pos_neg	19930
I started out with mechanical or engineering skills .	I did not start out with mechanical or engineering skills .	pos_neg	19931
Patriot League members award scholarships in football .	Patriot League members do not award scholarships in football .	pos_neg	19932
In general , they were allowed upstairs .	In general , they were not allowed upstairs .	pos_neg	19933
The woman was charged .	The woman was not charged .	pos_neg	19934
They aged as quickly as guys like myself are aging .	They did not age as quickly as guys like myself are aging .	pos_neg	19935
He was an easy person , but he was a good professional .	He was not an easy person , but he was a good professional .	pos_neg	19936
For example , I was alone in England .	For example , I was not alone in England .	pos_neg	19937
That is what we need in Denmark .	That is not what we need in Denmark .	pos_neg	19938
The police officer involved was seriously injured , officers said .	The police officer involved was not seriously injured , officers said .	pos_neg	19939
While food inflation is high , it is hyperinflation , he said .	While food inflation is high , it is not hyperinflation , he said .	pos_neg	19940
Traffic patterns have been affected .	Traffic patterns have not been affected .	pos_neg	19941
Andy and Hank are explained , dissected or excused .	Andy and Hank are not explained , dissected or excused .	pos_neg	19942
About Harcourt Connected Learning He was charged with leaking Plame 's name .	About Harcourt Connected Learning He was not charged with leaking Plame 's name .	pos_neg	19943
Cleveland guard Larry Hughes finished the game .	Cleveland guard Larry Hughes did not finish the game .	pos_neg	19944
I know what you are thinking : Australia does sultry paradise .	I know what you are thinking : Australia does not do sultry paradise .	pos_neg	19945
Zhang said how many officials had been imprisoned .	Zhang did not say how many officials had been imprisoned .	pos_neg	19946
Beardsley , perhaps frozen by fear , moved from a chair .	Beardsley , perhaps frozen by fear , did not move from a chair .	pos_neg	19947
The offense was alone in coming up with big plays .	The offense was not alone in coming up with big plays .	pos_neg	19948
The plans just have been solidified .	The plans just have not been solidified .	pos_neg	19949
It also was clear whether a new trial would be held .	It also was not clear whether a new trial would be held .	pos_neg	19950
That is who he is as a football player .	That is not who he is as a football player .	pos_neg	19951
It is fatal to cows , but can reduce their milk production .	It is not fatal to cows , but can reduce their milk production .	pos_neg	19952
But some of the other candidates and lobbyists have been so decorous .	But some of the other candidates and lobbyists have not been so decorous .	pos_neg	19953
It was immediately clear what will happen next .	It was not immediately clear what will happen next .	pos_neg	19954
id = 1739812007 " It is my car , " Yao said .	id = 1739812007 " It is not my car , " Yao said .	pos_neg	19955
It is the surface I prefer .	It is not the surface I prefer .	pos_neg	19956
Even a championship is out of the question .	Even a championship is not out of the question .	pos_neg	19957
We are trying to match the FTSE All-Share with our investment choices .	We are not trying to match the FTSE All-Share with our investment choices .	pos_neg	19958
You people at home realize how spoilt you are .	You people at home do not realize how spoilt you are .	pos_neg	19959
No , that is the latest ad from MasterCard .	No , that is not the latest ad from MasterCard .	pos_neg	19960
Venezuela is alone among oil-rich countries grappling with subsidized gasoline .	Venezuela is not alone among oil-rich countries grappling with subsidized gasoline .	pos_neg	19961
It looked like the Steller 's eider eggs she would seen .	It did not look like the Steller 's eider eggs she would seen .	pos_neg	19962
We are propagandists , but we do have a message .	We are not propagandists , but we do have a message .	pos_neg	19963
" " I was thinking to win this match .	" " I was not thinking to win this match .	pos_neg	19964
I thought we played badly in the matches .	I did not think we played badly in the matches .	pos_neg	19965
" This is Armageddon to us , " Randolph said .	" This is not Armageddon to us , " Randolph said .	pos_neg	19966
It has always been easy .	It has not always been easy .	pos_neg	19967
Low pay and 24-hour shifts are strong inducements for tenure .	Low pay and 24-hour shifts are not strong inducements for tenure .	pos_neg	19968
That is saying he will .	That is not saying he will .	pos_neg	19969
Pinheiro has been allowed back since November 2003 despite repeated requests .	Pinheiro has not been allowed back since November 2003 despite repeated requests .	pos_neg	19970
Miss T was unique .	Miss T was not unique .	pos_neg	19971
After all , they live to tell about the experience .	After all , they do not live to tell about the experience .	pos_neg	19972
Violence dismayed them ; it was right down their street .	Violence did not dismay them ; it was right down their street .	pos_neg	19973
I think it was Montenegro .	I do not think it was Montenegro .	pos_neg	19974
Without them , I am funny .	Without them , I am not funny .	pos_neg	19975
Such homes are dysfunctional or unsafe .	Such homes are not dysfunctional or unsafe .	pos_neg	19976
But it deserved what followed .	But it did not deserve what followed .	pos_neg	19977
It has arrived in the District or Virginia .	It has not arrived in the District or Virginia .	pos_neg	19978
New Jersey voters had killed a statewide ballot measure since 1990 .	New Jersey voters had not killed a statewide ballot measure since 1990 .	pos_neg	19979
I know how I could repay him for that .	I do not know how I could repay him for that .	pos_neg	19980
The S.E.C. routinely comments on its investigations .	The S.E.C. routinely does not comment on its investigations .	pos_neg	19981
Pick one bloom It is really such a goofy idea .	Pick one bloom It is not really such a goofy idea .	pos_neg	19982
The person wanted to comment publicly about another team 's finances .	The person did not want to comment publicly about another team 's finances .	pos_neg	19983
Porsche worries about ruffling feathers .	Porsche does not worry about ruffling feathers .	pos_neg	19984
I have a television .	I do not have a television .	pos_neg	19985
He usually names them .	He usually does not name them .	pos_neg	19986
That is what happened here .	That is not what happened here .	pos_neg	19987
I feel I am that different to you .	I do not feel I am that different to you .	pos_neg	19988
Black Africans , Mr. Smith said , were ready for self-government .	Black Africans , Mr. Smith said , were not ready for self-government .	pos_neg	19989
I just know when or how or who .	I just do not know when or how or who .	pos_neg	19990
A kilogram just is what it used to be .	A kilogram just is not what it used to be .	pos_neg	19991
It named them in the complaint .	It did not name them in the complaint .	pos_neg	19992
That satisfied some officers .	That did not satisfy some officers .	pos_neg	19993
Elimination of several poorly performing programs that were meeting expectations .	Elimination of several poorly performing programs that were not meeting expectations .	pos_neg	19994
That is how police investigations work .	That is not how police investigations work .	pos_neg	19995
And it has been exactly difficult .	And it has not been exactly difficult .	pos_neg	19996
Officials for the toy association were immediately available .	Officials for the toy association were not immediately available .	pos_neg	19997
That is so .	That is not so .	pos_neg	19998
Now , carbonated beverages are allowed , but sugared sodas are .	Now , carbonated beverages are allowed , but sugared sodas are not .	pos_neg	19999
That is actually , I think , what people want .	That is not actually , I think , what people want .	pos_neg	20000
I know what God looks like .	I do not know what God looks like .	pos_neg	20001
But authorities said evacuations were necessary .	But authorities said evacuations were not necessary .	pos_neg	20002
He looked like a fairy-tale prince .	He did not look like a fairy-tale prince .	pos_neg	20003
Yet his new body is his greatest gift .	Yet his new body is not his greatest gift .	pos_neg	20004
We have a clue .	We do not have a clue .	pos_neg	20005
No , it is !	No , it is not !	pos_neg	20006
SmarTire cautions that the foregoing factors are exhaustive .	SmarTire cautions that the foregoing factors are not exhaustive .	pos_neg	20007
The agent was especially sympathetic .	The agent was not especially sympathetic .	pos_neg	20008
The Buckeyes say the close call in 2006 has been forgotten .	The Buckeyes say the close call in 2006 has not been forgotten .	pos_neg	20009
And that is fair .	And that is not fair .	pos_neg	20010
But that is how climate change works .	But that is not how climate change works .	pos_neg	20011
They know you .	They do not know you .	pos_neg	20012
We are paying enough attention to what made us great .	We are not paying enough attention to what made us great .	pos_neg	20013
Melbourne is allowed to work , claim benefits or use the NHS .	Melbourne is not allowed to work , claim benefits or use the NHS .	pos_neg	20014
I am attracted to designer " it " bags .	I am not attracted to designer " it " bags .	pos_neg	20015
So I know how extensive .	So I do not know how extensive .	pos_neg	20016
I think that an ice-free Arctic as early as 2030 is unreasonable .	I think that an ice-free Arctic as early as 2030 is not unreasonable .	pos_neg	20017
Giuliani has the same potholes in his road .	Giuliani does not have the same potholes in his road .	pos_neg	20018
Travel with wrapped packages .	Do not travel with wrapped packages .	pos_neg	20019
So maybe it is the most important issue in the world .	So maybe it is not the most important issue in the world .	pos_neg	20020
The 77-year-old owner has spoken publicly since the Game 4 defeat .	The 77-year-old owner has not spoken publicly since the Game 4 defeat .	pos_neg	20021
And the magnetic torpedo level is level in this kit .	And the magnetic torpedo level is not level in this kit .	pos_neg	20022
A transcript of what Friedgood told the board Tuesday was immediately available .	A transcript of what Friedgood told the board Tuesday was not immediately available .	pos_neg	20023
" I think it is complicated , " Paul said .	" I do not think it is complicated , " Paul said .	pos_neg	20024
There is a third party coming in .	There is not a third party coming in .	pos_neg	20025
He was familiar with her .	He was not familiar with her .	pos_neg	20026
Somalia has had an effective government since 1991 .	Somalia has not had an effective government since 1991 .	pos_neg	20027
And I saw him .	And I did not see him .	pos_neg	20028
Parrish sighed and finished the thought .	Parrish sighed and did not finish the thought .	pos_neg	20029
It seems inward-looking and seems like it has an international reach .	It seems inward-looking and does not seem like it has an international reach .	pos_neg	20030
Sometimes the lineup matches the flier .	Sometimes the lineup does not match the flier .	pos_neg	20031
C : I wanted to go home .	C : I did not want to go home .	pos_neg	20032
American forces patrol the main roads but come into the villages .	American forces patrol the main roads but do not come into the villages .	pos_neg	20033
It was easy to go back in the water .	It was not easy to go back in the water .	pos_neg	20034
It was kept in the backyard - it was a house dog .	It was kept in the backyard - it was not a house dog .	pos_neg	20035
Compounding matters are the heroes themselves , who are terribly interesting .	Compounding matters are the heroes themselves , who are not terribly interesting .	pos_neg	20036
People were interested in the things I was interested in .	People were not interested in the things I was interested in .	pos_neg	20037
" This is an ' us versus them .	" This is not an ' us versus them .	pos_neg	20038
I think there should be a liability issue here .	I do not think there should be a liability issue here .	pos_neg	20039
Pass Go .	Do not pass Go .	pos_neg	20040
Applicants need to be related to a member of the Elks .	Applicants do not need to be related to a member of the Elks .	pos_neg	20041
( This version CORRECTS that Georgetown is near the Capitol ) .	( This version CORRECTS that Georgetown is not near the Capitol ) .	pos_neg	20042
" " I was counting on this .	" " I was not counting on this .	pos_neg	20043
He attends horse races or gamble .	He does not attend horse races or gamble .	pos_neg	20044
Harris was injured and will play in Saturday 's game against Miami .	Harris was not injured and will play in Saturday 's game against Miami .	pos_neg	20045
That is what we got .	That is not what we got .	pos_neg	20046
That we are what we read is precisely one of those delusions .	That we are what we read is not precisely one of those delusions .	pos_neg	20047
" Personally I believe it , " replied the reporter .	" Personally I do not believe it , " replied the reporter .	pos_neg	20048
Mr. Hennequin said he had a choice .	Mr. Hennequin said he did not have a choice .	pos_neg	20049
BUSH : I really recommend this to everyone .	BUSH : I really do not recommend this to everyone .	pos_neg	20050
They have time to mature and reproduce .	They do not have time to mature and reproduce .	pos_neg	20051
The New York investors are alone .	The New York investors are not alone .	pos_neg	20052
That is the right way to think about this .	That is not the right way to think about this .	pos_neg	20053
They are going to stop us .	They are not going to stop us .	pos_neg	20054
We eat out a lot .	We do not eat out a lot .	pos_neg	20055
" It was a move to save money , " he said .	" It was not a move to save money , " he said .	pos_neg	20056
This is like .	This is not like .	pos_neg	20057
' " Police said the incident was gang-related .	' " Police said the incident was not gang-related .	pos_neg	20058
She is living in the real world like the rest of us .	She is not living in the real world like the rest of us .	pos_neg	20059
She is afraid to take the ball into the lane .	She is not afraid to take the ball into the lane .	pos_neg	20060
Northern Constabulary said it was believed the injuries were serious .	Northern Constabulary said it was believed the injuries were not serious .	pos_neg	20061
That New York has a statewide economic strategy is a disgrace .	That New York does not have a statewide economic strategy is a disgrace .	pos_neg	20062
A request for an interview with Wright was granted .	A request for an interview with Wright was not granted .	pos_neg	20063
He provided details on growth targets for the Guard and Reserve .	He did not provide details on growth targets for the Guard and Reserve .	pos_neg	20064
Remember , subprimes were on the horizon .	Remember , subprimes were not on the horizon .	pos_neg	20065
Teh company said how many people were polled .	Teh company did not say how many people were polled .	pos_neg	20066
It is just the poor who find their travails belittled and mocked .	It is not just the poor who find their travails belittled and mocked .	pos_neg	20067
Mr. McClellan said where he planned to go .	Mr. McClellan did not say where he planned to go .	pos_neg	20068
I feel rooted here .	I do not feel rooted here .	pos_neg	20069
But we are interested in your original thinking .	But we are not interested in your original thinking .	pos_neg	20070
As winter looms , forget one of the most important preparations .	As winter looms , do not forget one of the most important preparations .	pos_neg	20071
He participated because he was afraid of the soldiers .	He did not participate because he was afraid of the soldiers .	pos_neg	20072
The man responsible has been traced or reported to the police .	The man responsible has not been traced or reported to the police .	pos_neg	20073
I was prepared to go that far .	I was not prepared to go that far .	pos_neg	20074
Ahlstrom returned messages left at the school and on his cellphone .	Ahlstrom did not return messages left at the school and on his cellphone .	pos_neg	20075
He knows where they are .	He does not know where they are .	pos_neg	20076
But , as yet , the new regime has proved its worth .	But , as yet , the new regime has not proved its worth .	pos_neg	20077
Moreover , they say , Hamas is being targeted exclusively .	Moreover , they say , Hamas is not being targeted exclusively .	pos_neg	20078
It has been answered .	It has not been answered .	pos_neg	20079
I have a great deal of confidence in his wisdom .	I do not have a great deal of confidence in his wisdom .	pos_neg	20080
I have borrowed a library book for years .	I have not borrowed a library book for years .	pos_neg	20081
id = 1637062007 Of course , polls are the end-all .	id = 1637062007 Of course , polls are not the end-all .	pos_neg	20082
I know if she had conversations with leadership .	I do not know if she had conversations with leadership .	pos_neg	20083
But alas , so many of us are eating our Wheaties .	But alas , so many of us are not eating our Wheaties .	pos_neg	20084
It is , however , an easy film to watch .	It is not , however , an easy film to watch .	pos_neg	20085
Warren has practiced since injuring his thigh Oct. 4 .	Warren has not practiced since injuring his thigh Oct. 4 .	pos_neg	20086
The word is too strong .	The word is not too strong .	pos_neg	20087
But expect to just hand over your insurance card .	But do not expect to just hand over your insurance card .	pos_neg	20088
We turn our backs on a problem .	We do not turn our backs on a problem .	pos_neg	20089
I think I am wrong .	I do not think I am wrong .	pos_neg	20090
How much they had to do with it , I know .	How much they had to do with it , I do not know .	pos_neg	20091
It had been a tremor .	It had not been a tremor .	pos_neg	20092
Her mother said her daughter has talked about her ordeal in detail .	Her mother said her daughter has not talked about her ordeal in detail .	pos_neg	20093
I would be surprised if there were further terrorist attacks in Scotland .	I would be surprised if there were not further terrorist attacks in Scotland .	pos_neg	20094
But some analysts say the assassination was unexpected .	But some analysts say the assassination was not unexpected .	pos_neg	20095
it is about her right now .	it is not about her right now .	pos_neg	20096
Such political and security situations are unprecedented in Pakistan 's history .	Such political and security situations are not unprecedented in Pakistan 's history .	pos_neg	20097
The tradition of great Indian pitchers is subtle .	The tradition of great Indian pitchers is not subtle .	pos_neg	20098
But even those scare them now .	But even those do not scare them now .	pos_neg	20099
Selig disciplined the Tigers .	Selig did not discipline the Tigers .	pos_neg	20100
But it is just male country stars seeking the crown .	But it is not just male country stars seeking the crown .	pos_neg	20101
He thinks this directly caused the crash .	He does not think this directly caused the crash .	pos_neg	20102
" I talk about my personal life , " he said .	" I do not talk about my personal life , " he said .	pos_neg	20103
Sir Menzies was .	Sir Menzies was not .	pos_neg	20104
The other wells were tested and will be completed later .	The other wells were not tested and will be completed later .	pos_neg	20105
A Sprint Nextel spokeswoman returned a message Wednesday .	A Sprint Nextel spokeswoman did not return a message Wednesday .	pos_neg	20106
The prognosis was good .	The prognosis was not good .	pos_neg	20107
" I think it is all bad , " she said .	" I do not think it is all bad , " she said .	pos_neg	20108
" We are always going to keep climbing , " Richmond said .	" We are not always going to keep climbing , " Richmond said .	pos_neg	20109
The investment report suggested they are .	The investment report suggested they are not .	pos_neg	20110
And I cannot believe that she has picked it up .	And I cannot believe that she has not picked it up .	pos_neg	20111
People who had been paid lost about two pounds .	People who had not been paid lost about two pounds .	pos_neg	20112
Staying with the Twins was a real option .	Staying with the Twins was not a real option .	pos_neg	20113
Roseland is affected by the strike .	Roseland is not affected by the strike .	pos_neg	20114
Kenya has posted a win .	Kenya has not posted a win .	pos_neg	20115
And he is above taking shots at the competition .	And he is not above taking shots at the competition .	pos_neg	20116
Those who qualify for FHASecure may have other options .	Those who do not qualify for FHASecure may have other options .	pos_neg	20117
They are around , but they grew .	They are around , but they did not grow .	pos_neg	20118
My children are allowed to watch it .	My children are not allowed to watch it .	pos_neg	20119
The Capitals have score on a five-on-three all this season .	The Capitals have not score on a five-on-three all this season .	pos_neg	20120
It is secret just because we want it to be a secret .	It is not secret just because we want it to be a secret .	pos_neg	20121
Now they think that is necessarily the case .	Now they think that is not necessarily the case .	pos_neg	20122
But that is true .	But that is not true .	pos_neg	20123
However , he confirmed the number of dead and injured .	However , he did not confirm the number of dead and injured .	pos_neg	20124
About Radian It was candy-colored nor rooted in nature 's neutral colors .	About Radian It was not candy-colored nor rooted in nature 's neutral colors .	pos_neg	20125
Germany is the only country with the problem .	Germany is not the only country with the problem .	pos_neg	20126
We go to church , because we are both agnostic .	We do not go to church , because we are both agnostic .	pos_neg	20127
The penalty was clear-cut .	The penalty was not clear-cut .	pos_neg	20128
But when it is , goaltender beware .	But when it is not , goaltender beware .	pos_neg	20129
And I was all that fussed about the engine .	And I was not all that fussed about the engine .	pos_neg	20130
But that is enough .	But that is not enough .	pos_neg	20131
A spokesman for Lion Gables returned messages seeking comment .	A spokesman for Lion Gables did not return messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	20132
Delegates , though , are dismissing the Washington meeting out of hand .	Delegates , though , are not dismissing the Washington meeting out of hand .	pos_neg	20133
De Boer said the agreement lets developing countries off the hook .	De Boer said the agreement does not let developing countries off the hook .	pos_neg	20134
In comedy , if they are laughing , there is no doubt .	In comedy , if they are not laughing , there is no doubt .	pos_neg	20135
" I am pro-anything , " Ms. Iacoboni says later .	" I am not pro-anything , " Ms. Iacoboni says later .	pos_neg	20136
They are set up to handle it .	They are not set up to handle it .	pos_neg	20137
Andrew was perfect .	Andrew was not perfect .	pos_neg	20138
It mattered - I was plenty happy already .	It did not matter - I was plenty happy already .	pos_neg	20139
Unfortunately they are being executed the same .	Unfortunately they are not being executed the same .	pos_neg	20140
Oh , and Metro delivers .	Oh , and Metro does not deliver .	pos_neg	20141
New York has given up on Glavine staying put in 2008 .	New York has not given up on Glavine staying put in 2008 .	pos_neg	20142
But it is exactly Graham Greene .	But it is not exactly Graham Greene .	pos_neg	20143
But Mattingly was your ordinary superstar .	But Mattingly was not your ordinary superstar .	pos_neg	20144
Jeremy Roenick is like the other N.H.L. players .	Jeremy Roenick is not like the other N.H.L. players .	pos_neg	20145
It is discreet , but that is great !	It is not discreet , but that is great !	pos_neg	20146
Here 's hoping it is a how-to guide !	Here 's hoping it is not a how-to guide !	pos_neg	20147
Well , I know how I am feeling !	Well , I do not know how I am feeling !	pos_neg	20148
Rowand Clark was a plaintiff ; Gerry Heydt was .	Rowand Clark was a plaintiff ; Gerry Heydt was not .	pos_neg	20149
In the real world , racism is usually expressed so overtly .	In the real world , racism is not usually expressed so overtly .	pos_neg	20150
But it was all highs .	But it was not all highs .	pos_neg	20151
County governments keep maintenance records .	County governments do not keep maintenance records .	pos_neg	20152
One in three drivers bothered to look out for cheaper fuel .	One in three drivers admitted not bothering to look out for cheaper fuel .	pos_neg	20153
He was cut out for that .	He was not cut out for that .	pos_neg	20154
I believed it for a minute .	I did not believe it for a minute .	pos_neg	20155
Mr. Giordani is available for the uncast performances .	Mr. Giordani is not available for the uncast performances .	pos_neg	20156
I guess our home tasted good .	I guess our home did not taste good .	pos_neg	20157
I think it was intentional .	I do not think it was intentional .	pos_neg	20158
It is a very friendly kind of presence if you are Latino .	It is not a very friendly kind of presence if you are Latino .	pos_neg	20159
Britney Spears was ready for prime time .	Britney Spears was not ready for prime time .	pos_neg	20160
They have terrorist cells .	They do not have terrorist cells .	pos_neg	20161
Trees have been getting older and are being replaced .	Trees have been getting older and are not being replaced .	pos_neg	20162
Clinton said , insisting this year that is the case .	Clinton said , insisting this year that is not the case .	pos_neg	20163
" They are feeding , " he said .	" They are not feeding , " he said .	pos_neg	20164
Three of the city 's elementary schools made AYP .	Three of the city 's elementary schools did not make AYP .	pos_neg	20165
I knew what everyone was worrying about .	I did not know what everyone was worrying about .	pos_neg	20166
I was smiling , I was tough in it .	I was not smiling , I was tough in it .	pos_neg	20167
A union leader threatened more strikes if the government negotiated further .	A union leader threatened more strikes if the government did not negotiate further .	pos_neg	20168
But if heavy fighting breaks out he is sure what to expect .	But if heavy fighting breaks out he is not sure what to expect .	pos_neg	20169
He has been formally identified .	He has not been formally identified .	pos_neg	20170
I know what we did wrong .	I do not know what we did wrong .	pos_neg	20171
I am mature enough for this .	I am not mature enough for this .	pos_neg	20172
Price is a sign of quality .	Price is not a sign of quality .	pos_neg	20173
If progress is made , troops would begin withdrawing early next year .	If progress is not made , troops would begin withdrawing early next year .	pos_neg	20174
He liked to dance .	He did not like to dance .	pos_neg	20175
" " We are nonviolent with people that are violent with us .	" " We are not nonviolent with people that are violent with us .	pos_neg	20176
United Press International was able to reach an Atlantic Lending representative Monday .	United Press International was not able to reach an Atlantic Lending representative Monday .	pos_neg	20177
but hold me to that .	but do not hold me to that .	pos_neg	20178
" " I was sure if it was gunfire initially .	" " I was not sure if it was gunfire initially .	pos_neg	20179
The situation is just a worry in East Renfrewshire .	The situation is not just a worry in East Renfrewshire .	pos_neg	20180
When the roster included Iraq or immigration , the pundits pounced .	When the roster did not include Iraq or immigration , the pundits pounced .	pos_neg	20181
But Sunrise warned that yesterday 's announcements guarantee its eventual sale .	But Sunrise warned that yesterday 's announcements do not guarantee its eventual sale .	pos_neg	20182
We believe it will have an impact .	We do not believe it will have an impact .	pos_neg	20183
, indicated Saturday that he was interested in pursuing the case .	, indicated Saturday that he was not interested in pursuing the case .	pos_neg	20184
Russia has refused , saying its constitution allows it .	Russia has refused , saying its constitution does not allow it .	pos_neg	20185
So far U.S. consumers have felt the full impact .	So far U.S. consumers have not felt the full impact .	pos_neg	20186
My house is far from where the blasts occurred .	My house is not far from where the blasts occurred .	pos_neg	20187
If something 's gotta give , it is going to be me .	If something 's gotta give , it is not going to be me .	pos_neg	20188
" We are little people , " Fest 's father shot back .	" We are not little people , " Fest 's father shot back .	pos_neg	20189
The space issue is to be discounted .	The space issue is not to be discounted .	pos_neg	20190
Traders say that they are buying and selling on whims , however .	Traders say that they are not buying and selling on whims , however .	pos_neg	20191
McConnell was pleased to get the call .	McConnell was not pleased to get the call .	pos_neg	20192
The site is intended to be a one-stop shop for travel .	The site is not intended to be a one-stop shop for travel .	pos_neg	20193
She was released the next day but the ordeal was without pain .	She was released the next day but the ordeal was not without pain .	pos_neg	20194
Israel has officially commented on the raid or acknowledged carrying it out .	Israel has not officially commented on the raid or acknowledged carrying it out .	pos_neg	20195
Their copies violate existing law .	Their copies do not violate existing law .	pos_neg	20196
CHRIS RUSS : Oh , worry .	CHRIS RUSS : Oh , do not worry .	pos_neg	20197
It is a view shared by everyone .	It is not a view shared by everyone .	pos_neg	20198
In practice , the story is quite so simple .	In practice , the story is not quite so simple .	pos_neg	20199
The brothers were spared .	The brothers were not spared .	pos_neg	20200
We want to be on the wrong side of history .	We do not want to be on the wrong side of history .	pos_neg	20201
But the connection to the intelligence agency was officially acknowledged .	But the connection to the intelligence agency was not officially acknowledged .	pos_neg	20202
2 cups milk It said whether his situation had improved .	2 cups milk It did not say whether his situation had improved .	pos_neg	20203
The two were expected to take media questions immediately after the meeting .	The two were not expected to take media questions immediately after the meeting .	pos_neg	20204
And I know why .	And I do not know why .	pos_neg	20205
I want to go anywhere .	I do not want to go anywhere .	pos_neg	20206
Mr. Sitt has refused , saying the properties are comparable in value .	Mr. Sitt has refused , saying the properties are not comparable in value .	pos_neg	20207
He had buggered off .	He had not buggered off .	pos_neg	20208
" I think so , " Stevens replied .	" I do not think so , " Stevens replied .	pos_neg	20209
" " It is a crime to deceive your husband and family .	" " It is not a crime to deceive your husband and family .	pos_neg	20210
You forget something like that .	You do not forget something like that .	pos_neg	20211
Lest you think I am being critical , I am .	Lest you think I am being critical , I am not .	pos_neg	20212
You want your sculptures comfortable , you want your chairs comfortable .	You do not want your sculptures comfortable , you want your chairs comfortable .	pos_neg	20213
It operates in the commercial market .	It does not operate in the commercial market .	pos_neg	20214
Mailer : You want to forget about it .	Mailer : You do not want to forget about it .	pos_neg	20215
A religious conservative , General Zia promoted the arts .	A religious conservative , General Zia did not promote the arts .	pos_neg	20216
" Thank God they have kids , " says another .	" Thank God they do not have kids , " says another .	pos_neg	20217
We want you to see .	We do not want you to see .	pos_neg	20218
But I told myself they were the problem .	But I told myself they were not the problem .	pos_neg	20219
They have said they are treating the death as suspicious .	They have said they are not treating the death as suspicious .	pos_neg	20220
Police have released the name of the driver from West Bromwich .	Police have not released the name of the driver from West Bromwich .	pos_neg	20221
It is true in real-life policing .	It is not true in real-life policing .	pos_neg	20222
Euro-area governments are united on the issue .	Euro-area governments are not united on the issue .	pos_neg	20223
He needed to be told to do things .	He did not need to be told to do things .	pos_neg	20224
The company has responded to requests for comment .	The company has not responded to requests for comment .	pos_neg	20225
But other Republicans have embraced Mr. Warner 's plan .	But other Republicans have not embraced Mr. Warner 's plan .	pos_neg	20226
But if you are a kid reading this ... smoke .	But if you are a kid reading this ... do not smoke .	pos_neg	20227
Perhaps we were watching closely enough .	Perhaps we were not watching closely enough .	pos_neg	20228
In many cases , students were marked absent when they were .	In many cases , students were marked absent when they were not .	pos_neg	20229
Terms of the Qatar deal were disclosed .	Terms of the Qatar deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	20230
That night Raffaele and I moved from his flat .	That night Raffaele and I did not move from his flat .	pos_neg	20231
The site identified Ahlemann or name his employer .	The site did not identify Ahlemann or name his employer .	pos_neg	20232
The idea to shut down the marriage was mine .	The idea to shut down the marriage was not mine .	pos_neg	20233
Wonderful as they are , they come cheap .	Wonderful as they are , they do not come cheap .	pos_neg	20234
I want these guys to hurt a Marine or a soldier .	I do not want these guys to hurt a Marine or a soldier .	pos_neg	20235
I like to let my guard down .	I do not like to let my guard down .	pos_neg	20236
Police officials returned phone messages Wednesday morning .	Police officials did not return phone messages Wednesday morning .	pos_neg	20237
Missouri is accustomed to the big-time stage .	Missouri is not accustomed to the big-time stage .	pos_neg	20238
Unfortunately for centers , things are always that easy .	Unfortunately for centers , things are not always that easy .	pos_neg	20239
I am a cop .	I am not a cop .	pos_neg	20240
But he had answered them .	But he had not answered them .	pos_neg	20241
Officials disclosed the contract value .	Officials did not disclose the contract value .	pos_neg	20242
He returned messages left on his cellphone .	He did not return messages left on his cellphone .	pos_neg	20243
Colleges eagerly welcome veterans I slept for a long time .	Colleges eagerly welcome veterans I did not sleep for a long time .	pos_neg	20244
Situs inversus is necessarily a cause for alarm .	Situs inversus is not necessarily a cause for alarm .	pos_neg	20245
You know what you might get .	You do not know what you might get .	pos_neg	20246
In fact , Newcastle have lost this fixture for 27 years .	In fact , Newcastle have not lost this fixture for 27 years .	pos_neg	20247
Police have watched their activities but have tried to stop them .	Police have watched their activities but have not tried to stop them .	pos_neg	20248
This is entirely untrue .	This is not entirely untrue .	pos_neg	20249
But the discounted deals end with dinner .	But the discounted deals do not end with dinner .	pos_neg	20250
The FHA makes loans ; it insures them .	The FHA does not make loans ; it insures them .	pos_neg	20251
I know where or when , but I 'll get her .	I do not know where or when , but I 'll get her .	pos_neg	20252
But it was what Cashman wanted to hear .	But it was not what Cashman wanted to hear .	pos_neg	20253
" It is up to me , " Briggs said .	" It is not up to me , " Briggs said .	pos_neg	20254
The regional cricket competition is what it was .	The regional cricket competition is not what it was .	pos_neg	20255
This is the Tyler we knew and loved .	This is not the Tyler we knew and loved .	pos_neg	20256
Hunt , though , insisted Staunton deserved pity .	Hunt , though , insisted Staunton did not deserve pity .	pos_neg	20257
Its concerts were poorly attended and its record sold many copies .	Its concerts were poorly attended and its record did not sell many copies .	pos_neg	20258
He started writing in the late ' 70s and has stopped .	He started writing in the late ' 70s and has not stopped .	pos_neg	20259
That is to say it is worthless .	That is not to say it is worthless .	pos_neg	20260
The Luger Theater has screened a foreign film since February 2005 .	The Luger Theater has not screened a foreign film since February 2005 .	pos_neg	20261
This was immediately confirmed .	This was not immediately confirmed .	pos_neg	20262
So it is Dugas 's fault , nor the Haitians .	So it is not Dugas 's fault , nor the Haitians .	pos_neg	20263
Dawn has seen her daughter , 7 , since April .	Dawn has not seen her daughter , 7 , since April .	pos_neg	20264
We all wish that American politics were so bitter and partisan .	We all wish that American politics were not so bitter and partisan .	pos_neg	20265
Obama voted .	Obama did not vote .	pos_neg	20266
For the moment he is here and nothing is official .	For the moment he is not here and nothing is official .	pos_neg	20267
This is the first time it has lost sensitive information .	This is not the first time it has lost sensitive information .	pos_neg	20268
So I am saying eliminate all blind tastings .	So I am not saying eliminate all blind tastings .	pos_neg	20269
She enjoys having this weird character roaming around our house !	She does not enjoy having this weird character roaming around our house !	pos_neg	20270
The three suspects have been formally charged over the killing .	The three suspects have not been formally charged over the killing .	pos_neg	20271
But naturalness alone is enough .	But naturalness alone is not enough .	pos_neg	20272
I am playing with you .	I am not playing with you .	pos_neg	20273
The defense was as dominant .	The defense was not as dominant .	pos_neg	20274
His cellphone and ATM card have been used , McCormick said .	His cellphone and ATM card have not been used , McCormick said .	pos_neg	20275
I want to see him in pain .	I do not want to see him in pain .	pos_neg	20276
Norfolk Police said the cause and time of death were known .	Norfolk Police said the cause and time of death were not known .	pos_neg	20277
Nan often mismanaged the interdental sound that the Chinese language has .	Nan often mismanaged the interdental sound that the Chinese language does not have .	pos_neg	20278
I also use recycled toilet paper even though it is the softest .	I also use recycled toilet paper even though it is not the softest .	pos_neg	20279
But I have heard him talk here .	But I have not heard him talk here .	pos_neg	20280
It is a pity this was reflected in the orchestral performance .	It is a pity this was not reflected in the orchestral performance .	pos_neg	20281
" I am above making people feel guilty , " Richardson said .	" I am not above making people feel guilty , " Richardson said .	pos_neg	20282
Sexual intercourse that is consensual is another cause of young pregnancy .	Sexual intercourse that is not consensual is another cause of young pregnancy .	pos_neg	20283
If only it were so far away .	If only it were not so far away .	pos_neg	20284
American action is tied to the Commonwealth .	American action is not tied to the Commonwealth .	pos_neg	20285
It is our fault .	It is not our fault .	pos_neg	20286
The financial terms and length of the deal were disclosed .	The financial terms and length of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	20287
The inconsistent discipline in your household has shown him a clear path .	The inconsistent discipline in your household has not shown him a clear path .	pos_neg	20288
I knew how he was hurt .	I did not know how he was hurt .	pos_neg	20289
Fujifilm officials in Tokyo were immediately available for comment .	Fujifilm officials in Tokyo were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	20290
If you cannot win that debate , you belong in politics .	If you cannot win that debate , you do not belong in politics .	pos_neg	20291
He went back to the chalet and picked up his coat .	He went back to the chalet and did not pick up his coat .	pos_neg	20292
Unlike her , many of them had been born to it .	Unlike her , many of them had not been born to it .	pos_neg	20293
And I say that to a lot of girls .	And I do not say that to a lot of girls .	pos_neg	20294
United has lost in its past 10 league games .	United has not lost in its past 10 league games .	pos_neg	20295
Ma 's musicianship was the only outstanding performance on the stage .	Ma 's musicianship was not the only outstanding performance on the stage .	pos_neg	20296
Horror 's done .	Horror 's not done .	pos_neg	20297
But Zankel was quite the place for that .	But Zankel was not quite the place for that .	pos_neg	20298
" The snowman speaks English , " the woman said .	" The snowman does not speak English , " the woman said .	pos_neg	20299
antarctica It is smoother than cider , but it is Champagne .	antarctica It is smoother than cider , but it is not Champagne .	pos_neg	20300
Susan Schwab : I am a betting man .	Susan Schwab : I am not a betting man .	pos_neg	20301
I am the one who lives like this .	I am not the one who lives like this .	pos_neg	20302
Shares Steady on Rate-Cut Hopes Withdrawals participate in index interest .	Shares Steady on Rate-Cut Hopes Withdrawals do not participate in index interest .	pos_neg	20303
Ferguson is among them .	Ferguson is not among them .	pos_neg	20304
Macefield said that she minds the noise of the construction site .	Macefield said that she does not mind the noise of the construction site .	pos_neg	20305
The record of the Vice Fund has been without blemishes .	The record of the Vice Fund has not been without blemishes .	pos_neg	20306
It is going to be like this all my life .	It is not going to be like this all my life .	pos_neg	20307
But I wish it had leaked out .	But I wish it had not leaked out .	pos_neg	20308
We live and work the same way .	We do not live and work the same way .	pos_neg	20309
Pearson is the only person who has faced fallout from the lawsuit .	Pearson is not the only person who has faced fallout from the lawsuit .	pos_neg	20310
Satisfying both criteria is always easy .	Satisfying both criteria is not always easy .	pos_neg	20311
But Long also said he thinks that trend will last long .	But Long also said he does not think that trend will last long .	pos_neg	20312
& It is true .	& It is not true .	pos_neg	20313
His problem is unique .	His problem is not unique .	pos_neg	20314
It was about finishing first .	It was not about finishing first .	pos_neg	20315
Molly said she knew her baby was injured .	Molly said she did not know her baby was injured .	pos_neg	20316
Mr Brown 's " posturing " is helpful , comments one diplomat .	Mr Brown 's " posturing " is not helpful , comments one diplomat .	pos_neg	20317
Details of the agreement were disclosed .	Details of the agreement were not disclosed .	pos_neg	20318
I looked for a ring , but he wore one .	I looked for a ring , but he did not wear one .	pos_neg	20319
I hope they serve milkshakes down in Fantasy Hell .	I hope they do not serve milkshakes down in Fantasy Hell .	pos_neg	20320
" They are greedy kids , " Georgia Manager Mickey Lay said .	" They are not greedy kids , " Georgia Manager Mickey Lay said .	pos_neg	20321
They just want to get their hands dirty .	They just do not want to get their hands dirty .	pos_neg	20322
Ministers seem to have the slightest idea of what freedom is .	Ministers seem to have not the slightest idea of what freedom is .	pos_neg	20323
The changes have produced the results Gibbs would prefer .	The changes have not produced the results Gibbs would prefer .	pos_neg	20324
Whatever the numbers say , it is a pretty picture .	Whatever the numbers say , it is not a pretty picture .	pos_neg	20325
The market share figures are just about bragging rights .	The market share figures are not just about bragging rights .	pos_neg	20326
They are an affirmation of a vocational hierarchy within the Hindu universe .	They are not an affirmation of a vocational hierarchy within the Hindu universe .	pos_neg	20327
We know what we are going to do .	We do not know what we are going to do .	pos_neg	20328
We had that last year .	We did not have that last year .	pos_neg	20329
The money was there .	The money was not there .	pos_neg	20330
" I want to be the story , " he said .	" I do not want to be the story , " he said .	pos_neg	20331
And that is all provided that there is a recession .	And that is all provided that there is not a recession .	pos_neg	20332
Regrettably , that carried the day .	Regrettably , that did not carry the day .	pos_neg	20333
Data centers come cheap .	Data centers do not come cheap .	pos_neg	20334
You have the pent-up demand that you have after a recession .	You do not have the pent-up demand that you have after a recession .	pos_neg	20335
I just know what kind of bad it would have been .	I just do not know what kind of bad it would have been .	pos_neg	20336
Dr. Baden said he was being retained by the Zadroga family .	Dr. Baden said he was not being retained by the Zadroga family .	pos_neg	20337
Only I was experienced enough with video chats to remain calm .	Only I was not experienced enough with video chats to remain calm .	pos_neg	20338
He broke regulations ; he is supposed to voice his personal opinion .	He broke regulations ; he is not supposed to voice his personal opinion .	pos_neg	20339
The environmental news is all bad .	The environmental news is not all bad .	pos_neg	20340
Watson responded to Cahn 's accusation .	Watson did not respond to Cahn 's accusation .	pos_neg	20341
We do this casually , or unanimously .	We do not do this casually , or unanimously .	pos_neg	20342
Julia 's widow said he was .	Julia 's widow said he was not .	pos_neg	20343
But he said he thought the boy had forgotten him .	But he said he did not think the boy had forgotten him .	pos_neg	20344
Hawa : It is easy to get medicine .	Hawa : It is not easy to get medicine .	pos_neg	20345
We know what she was thinking when she left .	We do not know what she was thinking when she left .	pos_neg	20346
It is an issue of what solution do you bring .	It is not an issue of what solution do you bring .	pos_neg	20347
He lost by one point and I believe it was his fault .	He lost by one point and I believe it was not his fault .	pos_neg	20348
A platinum-plated start in life is always what children want or need .	A platinum-plated start in life is not always what children want or need .	pos_neg	20349
She knows what happened to her , whether she is successful .	She does not know what happened to her , whether she is successful .	pos_neg	20350
The suit alleges sexual behavior on her part .	The suit does not allege sexual behavior on her part .	pos_neg	20351
It has been an edifying process .	It has not been an edifying process .	pos_neg	20352
The databases , however , are without controversy .	The databases , however , are not without controversy .	pos_neg	20353
It was a contract .	It was not a contract .	pos_neg	20354
Last night , it worked out .	Last night , it did not work out .	pos_neg	20355
Underage drinking is inevitable .	Underage drinking is not inevitable .	pos_neg	20356
And it is just talk .	And it is not just talk .	pos_neg	20357
I have to worry the mental aspect of the game .	I do not have to worry the mental aspect of the game .	pos_neg	20358
China made clear what its precise requirements were , they added .	China did not make clear what its precise requirements were , they added .	pos_neg	20359
That said , they have slashed the treatment budget .	That said , they have not slashed the treatment budget .	pos_neg	20360
And the answer is good .	And the answer is not good .	pos_neg	20361
" I just see it happening , " said the spokesman .	" I just do not see it happening , " said the spokesman .	pos_neg	20362
Showing interest in someone makes you nosy .	Showing interest in someone does not make you nosy .	pos_neg	20363
Which suggests you want to .	Which suggests you do not want to .	pos_neg	20364
And the candidates , as usual , agree .	And the candidates , as usual , do not agree .	pos_neg	20365
They matter , so why struggle with them .	They do not matter , so why struggle with them .	pos_neg	20366
But that was the end .	But that was not the end .	pos_neg	20367
Your correspondent is particularly leaden-footed .	Your correspondent is not particularly leaden-footed .	pos_neg	20368
They are reliant on reviews .	They are not reliant on reviews .	pos_neg	20369
I know if that makes a difference .	I do not know if that makes a difference .	pos_neg	20370
The white student who produced the gun was charged .	The white student who produced the gun was not charged .	pos_neg	20371
I just hope they adjust right away .	I just hope they do not adjust right away .	pos_neg	20372
This kind of resolution sends the right signal to the region .	This kind of resolution does not send the right signal to the region .	pos_neg	20373
Maxwell was all bad ; he just had a lot of energy .	Maxwell was not all bad ; he just had a lot of energy .	pos_neg	20374
Authorities know the 19-year-old girl 's whereabouts .	Authorities do not know the 19-year-old girl 's whereabouts .	pos_neg	20375
The Associated Press generally identifies victims of sexual abuse .	The Associated Press generally does not identify victims of sexual abuse .	pos_neg	20376
It helped .	It did not help .	pos_neg	20377
It is just a problem for borrowers with bad credit .	It is not just a problem for borrowers with bad credit .	pos_neg	20378
They have charged him in connection with the killing .	They have not charged him in connection with the killing .	pos_neg	20379
The center is a secure facility .	The center is not a secure facility .	pos_neg	20380
Bess Truman , they are .	Bess Truman , they are not .	pos_neg	20381
Fantasy elements aside , playing Ned is a stretch , Pace said .	Fantasy elements aside , playing Ned is not a stretch , Pace said .	pos_neg	20382
So far , though , it appears to be working .	So far , though , it does not appear to be working .	pos_neg	20383
The driving forces be-hind the decline of anti-Americanism are hard to discern .	The driving forces be-hind the decline of anti-Americanism are not hard to discern .	pos_neg	20384
But the monks themselves are immune to criticism .	But the monks themselves are not immune to criticism .	pos_neg	20385
But this is for an album which is their best work .	But this is for an album which is not their best work .	pos_neg	20386
That was always Wal-Mart 's philosophy .	That was not always Wal-Mart 's philosophy .	pos_neg	20387
The postcard says it is from Stewart and mentions other supervisors .	The postcard says it is from Stewart and does not mention other supervisors .	pos_neg	20388
He and his wife had insurance .	He and his wife did not have insurance .	pos_neg	20389
Denver vs Detroit , 6 p.m. So MRSA is a new problem .	Denver vs Detroit , 6 p.m. So MRSA is not a new problem .	pos_neg	20390
But most of the troops speak the local language .	But most of the troops do not speak the local language .	pos_neg	20391
Russia has budged from its strong opposition to independence for Kosovo .	Russia has not budged from its strong opposition to independence for Kosovo .	pos_neg	20392
I get many e-mails , anyway , except from estate agents .	I do not get many e-mails , anyway , except from estate agents .	pos_neg	20393
Afridi 10-0-44-0 And Citigroup 's alone in its debt problems .	Afridi 10-0-44-0 And Citigroup 's not alone in its debt problems .	pos_neg	20394
But we really know .	But we really do not know .	pos_neg	20395
Francona says he knows .	Francona says he does not know .	pos_neg	20396
We just had the connection to make that happen for us .	We just did not have the connection to make that happen for us .	pos_neg	20397
We managed to get enough content .	We did not manage to get enough content .	pos_neg	20398
But that is strictly true : Schmidt-Jones is far from obscure .	But that is not strictly true : Schmidt-Jones is far from obscure .	pos_neg	20399
" This is a reflection on Sean , " Beamer said Monday .	" This is not a reflection on Sean , " Beamer said Monday .	pos_neg	20400
At Union Station in Chicago , some passengers said they were concerned .	At Union Station in Chicago , some passengers said they were not concerned .	pos_neg	20401
Brownback apparently wears one all the time .	Brownback apparently does not wear one all the time .	pos_neg	20402
Therefore , I am going to fan all that nonsense and lies .	Therefore , I am not going to fan all that nonsense and lies .	pos_neg	20403
Mr. McCarthy said he envied the Holy Land prosecutors .	Mr. McCarthy said he did not envy the Holy Land prosecutors .	pos_neg	20404
But they were hitting a thousand last time I checked .	But they were not hitting a thousand last time I checked .	pos_neg	20405
Being baron of Gigha was really a priority for Mr. Dennis .	Being baron of Gigha was not really a priority for Mr. Dennis .	pos_neg	20406
" It is a perfect situation , " she said Sunday .	" It is not a perfect situation , " she said Sunday .	pos_neg	20407
; they have forced a single fumble .	; they have not forced a single fumble .	pos_neg	20408
But that was the last time that death seemed a possibility .	But that was not the last time that death seemed a possibility .	pos_neg	20409
Being open to money-making opportunities is a bad thing .	Being open to money-making opportunities is not a bad thing .	pos_neg	20410
Residents say they have no family or want to impose .	Residents say they have no family or do not want to impose .	pos_neg	20411
Another geographical change changed the culprits .	Another geographical change did not change the culprits .	pos_neg	20412
And parents such as Cirenza like it .	And parents such as Cirenza do not like it .	pos_neg	20413
Screen Gems screened this film in time for a Quick Take .	Screen Gems did not screen this film in time for a Quick Take .	pos_neg	20414
Boxer 's office has ruled out further action on the issue .	Boxer 's office has not ruled out further action on the issue .	pos_neg	20415
Officials had released their identities Sunday afternoon .	Officials had not released their identities Sunday afternoon .	pos_neg	20416
Merrill Lynch is the only financial giant searching for a chief executive .	Merrill Lynch is not the only financial giant searching for a chief executive .	pos_neg	20417
But the replacements apparently were all that entered her body that day .	But the replacements apparently were not all that entered her body that day .	pos_neg	20418
I fear for their future .	I do not fear for their future .	pos_neg	20419
The world is getting less technological .	The world is not getting less technological .	pos_neg	20420
Television is as easily reachable as it used to be .	Television is not as easily reachable as it used to be .	pos_neg	20421
I minded .	I did not mind .	pos_neg	20422
The injury responded to rest .	The injury did not respond to rest .	pos_neg	20423
He was exactly breaking news here .	He was not exactly breaking news here .	pos_neg	20424
What became law was pristine policy , however .	What became law was not pristine policy , however .	pos_neg	20425
The children 's parents were at the show , he said .	The children 's parents were not at the show , he said .	pos_neg	20426
The Home Office has ruled out returning him to Sri Lanka .	The Home Office has not ruled out returning him to Sri Lanka .	pos_neg	20427
It is the game it is the player .	It is not the game it is the player .	pos_neg	20428
" " I care if he is a Mormon .	" " I do not care if he is a Mormon .	pos_neg	20429
Newkirk , however , is you usual animal lover .	Newkirk , however , is not you usual animal lover .	pos_neg	20430
" " It is over because mathematically it has to be over .	" " It is not over because mathematically it has to be over .	pos_neg	20431
It is close to an area I have expertise in .	It is not close to an area I have expertise in .	pos_neg	20432
The law meets the intentions of the parliament .	The law does not meet the intentions of the parliament .	pos_neg	20433
It hurts and you appreciate it .	It hurts and you do not appreciate it .	pos_neg	20434
It is perfect , though .	It is not perfect , though .	pos_neg	20435
But she was laughing .	But she was not laughing .	pos_neg	20436
WASHINGTON -- A House committee chairman buys Yahoo Inc .	WASHINGTON -- A House committee chairman does not buy Yahoo Inc .	pos_neg	20437
That works .	That does not work .	pos_neg	20438
It is known if the man was injured in the crash .	It is not known if the man was injured in the crash .	pos_neg	20439
With exercising , it is so simple to improvise .	With exercising , it is not so simple to improvise .	pos_neg	20440
Go on guys , tell him I was driving .	Go on guys , tell him I was not driving .	pos_neg	20441
This time , they needed the dramatics .	This time , they did not need the dramatics .	pos_neg	20442
" " It was graffiti .	" " It was not graffiti .	pos_neg	20443
Blue light is warm , it is too business-like .	Blue light is not warm , it is too business-like .	pos_neg	20444
A cause of death has been determined .	A cause of death has not been determined .	pos_neg	20445
The military junta responded to AP requests for comment Monday .	The military junta did not respond to AP requests for comment Monday .	pos_neg	20446
Noel was the only deadly storm of the 2007 hurricane season .	Noel was not the only deadly storm of the 2007 hurricane season .	pos_neg	20447
She said she had .	She said she had not .	pos_neg	20448
" " So that is a concern with me .	" " So that is not a concern with me .	pos_neg	20449
Portuguese authorities have commented on the investigation .	Portuguese authorities have not commented on the investigation .	pos_neg	20450
Analyst Mike Mayo of Deutsche Bank minced words on Merrill .	Analyst Mike Mayo of Deutsche Bank did not mince words on Merrill .	pos_neg	20451
Treekape was at first a particularly sought-after artists ' retreat .	Treekape was not at first a particularly sought-after artists ' retreat .	pos_neg	20452
Their names have been released .	Their names have not been released .	pos_neg	20453
But she says there is enough in orange juice .	But she says there is not enough in orange juice .	pos_neg	20454
But I am holding my breath .	But I am not holding my breath .	pos_neg	20455
Generals are independent thinkers .	Generals are not independent thinkers .	pos_neg	20456
It is a game .	It is not a game .	pos_neg	20457
However , installation ran so smoothly on some systems .	However , installation did not run so smoothly on some systems .	pos_neg	20458
Two : Protestors care about people or trees !	Two : Protestors do not care about people or trees !	pos_neg	20459
I want to see that in my country .	I do not want to see that in my country .	pos_neg	20460
But I was .	But I was not .	pos_neg	20461
He Is A Purely Religious Person .	He Is Not A Purely Religious Person .	pos_neg	20462
Sharifa Felix was among them .	Sharifa Felix was not among them .	pos_neg	20463
But the phenomenon is well understood .	But the phenomenon is not well understood .	pos_neg	20464
Mothership is out now on Atlantic I know that .	Mothership is out now on Atlantic I do not know that .	pos_neg	20465
She has run a corner store .	She has not run a corner store .	pos_neg	20466
I could see it was easy for them .	I could see it was not easy for them .	pos_neg	20467
19 after she showed up for an important work meeting .	19 after she did not show up for an important work meeting .	pos_neg	20468
Condoms can prevent infection , but people use them reliably .	Condoms can prevent infection , but people do not use them reliably .	pos_neg	20469
The event almost happened .	The event almost did not happen .	pos_neg	20470
He is getting in the middle of it .	He is not getting in the middle of it .	pos_neg	20471
But the discovery itself was made in Mexico .	But the discovery itself was not made in Mexico .	pos_neg	20472
The growth for LORD is unique to Europe .	The growth for LORD is not unique to Europe .	pos_neg	20473
Most have returned .	Most have not returned .	pos_neg	20474
He said that commitment is in the president 's plan .	He said that commitment is not in the president 's plan .	pos_neg	20475
I think the president is at that place .	I do not think the president is at that place .	pos_neg	20476
It sends the right signal to our allies or our enemies .	It does not send the right signal to our allies or our enemies .	pos_neg	20477
The Dodgers said yesterday they had completed a deal .	The Dodgers said yesterday they had not completed a deal .	pos_neg	20478
Lord Kirkwood 's assessment was quite clear cut .	Lord Kirkwood 's assessment was not quite clear cut .	pos_neg	20479
They like it because it means they cannot steal .	They do not like it because it means they cannot steal .	pos_neg	20480
I tell him , give up hope on yourself .	I tell him , do not give up hope on yourself .	pos_neg	20481
It was immediately known which way the panel majority was leaning .	It was not immediately known which way the panel majority was leaning .	pos_neg	20482
Two words Labour understand .	Two words Labour do not understand .	pos_neg	20483
I mean , we really , really like change .	I mean , we really , really do not like change .	pos_neg	20484
It had reported a stake as of June 30 .	It had not reported a stake as of June 30 .	pos_neg	20485
And yet the current solicitor thinks this language is clear enough .	And yet the current solicitor thinks this language is not clear enough .	pos_neg	20486
Putnam County has a lot of them to offer its residents .	Putnam County does not have a lot of them to offer its residents .	pos_neg	20487
Germany responded , adopting legislation months later , but Britain has .	Germany responded , adopting legislation months later , but Britain has not .	pos_neg	20488
" We have seen the bottom , " he said .	" We have not seen the bottom , " he said .	pos_neg	20489
His death put his family out of danger .	His death did not put his family out of danger .	pos_neg	20490
" Because everybody got one , " one boy answers .	" Because everybody did not get one , " one boy answers .	pos_neg	20491
Probate court interference is required .	Probate court interference is not required .	pos_neg	20492
Armies like that .	Armies do not like that .	pos_neg	20493
Officials identified the target .	Officials did not identify the target .	pos_neg	20494
These statements in this news release have been evaluated by the FDA .	These statements in this news release have not been evaluated by the FDA .	pos_neg	20495
" I have misplaced faith in Musharraf , " Edwards said .	" I have not misplaced faith in Musharraf , " Edwards said .	pos_neg	20496
The running was so important , so I was more relaxed .	The running was not so important , so I was more relaxed .	pos_neg	20497
It is a satisfactory way to compensate for a loss .	It is not a satisfactory way to compensate for a loss .	pos_neg	20498
They were about power games .	They were not about power games .	pos_neg	20499
" I knew that , " Felix said .	" I did not know that , " Felix said .	pos_neg	20500
Other types of cancer resulted in more divorces .	Other types of cancer did not result in more divorces .	pos_neg	20501
The birth of her baby the previous September was that interesting .	The birth of her baby the previous September was not that interesting .	pos_neg	20502
She inflicted these injuries .	She did not inflict these injuries .	pos_neg	20503
" " They know what to do .	" " They do not know what to do .	pos_neg	20504
In a big theater , I think so .	In a big theater , I do not think so .	pos_neg	20505
He went on to say that Spanish investments in Venezuela were indispensable .	He went on to say that Spanish investments in Venezuela were not indispensable .	pos_neg	20506
It is sad , because we wanted to see him go .	It is sad , because we did not want to see him go .	pos_neg	20507
Magic mushrooms are addictive , but can have severe psychological consequences .	Magic mushrooms are not addictive , but can have severe psychological consequences .	pos_neg	20508
I want to rush them into growing old .	I do not want to rush them into growing old .	pos_neg	20509
He elaborated on what measures would be taken .	He did not elaborate on what measures would be taken .	pos_neg	20510
This is planned .	This is not planned .	pos_neg	20511
How many original episodes of " House " are available was revealed .	How many original episodes of " House " are available was not revealed .	pos_neg	20512
I know if it is personal .	I do not know if it is personal .	pos_neg	20513
Harrison made the trip to San Diego on Saturday .	Harrison did not make the trip to San Diego on Saturday .	pos_neg	20514
It is the only reason to visit Peasant .	It is not the only reason to visit Peasant .	pos_neg	20515
If I wake up , it is worth it .	If I do not wake up , it is worth it .	pos_neg	20516
GMAC disclosed the name of the lender .	GMAC did not disclose the name of the lender .	pos_neg	20517
That these reports were freely available prevented her from being jailed .	That these reports were freely available did not prevent her from being jailed .	pos_neg	20518
That is to say they are destitute .	That is not to say they are destitute .	pos_neg	20519
Gareth Thomas was feeling great this morning .	Gareth Thomas was not feeling great this morning .	pos_neg	20520
You have to find out why your buyers showed up .	You have to find out why your buyers did not show up .	pos_neg	20521
So , things were adding up .	So , things were not adding up .	pos_neg	20522
What they were expecting was the fabulous outdoor space .	What they were not expecting was the fabulous outdoor space .	pos_neg	20523
And so far , it is forthcoming .	And so far , it is not forthcoming .	pos_neg	20524
Olson ultimately decided the career was for her .	Olson ultimately decided the career was not for her .	pos_neg	20525
That is what our people found .	That is not what our people found .	pos_neg	20526
But it is a movie or an " off Broadway " show .	But it is not a movie or an " off Broadway " show .	pos_neg	20527
Police said they were treating the blaze as suspicious .	Police said they were not treating the blaze as suspicious .	pos_neg	20528
And showers are offered at the Vogelsang and Glen Aulin camps .	And showers are not offered at the Vogelsang and Glen Aulin camps .	pos_neg	20529
The Feds like to be lied to .	The Feds do not like to be lied to .	pos_neg	20530
Such ads are unusual .	Such ads are not unusual .	pos_neg	20531
If you are sure about something you 've written , ask .	If you are not sure about something you 've written , ask .	pos_neg	20532
It responded to the six-year-old lawsuit , AP reported .	It did not respond to the six-year-old lawsuit , AP reported .	pos_neg	20533
The Indians seemed affected by 56,315 boisterous fans .	The Indians did not seem affected by 56,315 boisterous fans .	pos_neg	20534
The Russian reaction was slow in coming .	The Russian reaction was not slow in coming .	pos_neg	20535
" " It kind of makes sense .	" " It kind of does not make sense .	pos_neg	20536
They were hostile kids , at least in my interactions .	They were not hostile kids , at least in my interactions .	pos_neg	20537
I am just glad Pedroia got hurt .	I am just glad Pedroia did not get hurt .	pos_neg	20538
Barrett wishes he had to take her word for it .	Barrett wishes he did not have to take her word for it .	pos_neg	20539
Ryan concedes that some cases are so clear-cut as the Brokop case .	Ryan concedes that some cases are not so clear-cut as the Brokop case .	pos_neg	20540
They have to travel .	They do not have to travel .	pos_neg	20541
Ms. Bain is only incorrect .	Ms. Bain is not only incorrect .	pos_neg	20542
Things are quite so peaceful among shop owners on Main Street .	Things are not quite so peaceful among shop owners on Main Street .	pos_neg	20543
" Murderers get that , " Fish said .	" Murderers do not get that , " Fish said .	pos_neg	20544
The boy 's name was released because of his age .	The boy 's name was not released because of his age .	pos_neg	20545
" He was secret police , " Saramago sought to clarify .	" He was not secret police , " Saramago sought to clarify .	pos_neg	20546
We have made a decision .	We have not made a decision .	pos_neg	20547
Francona is worried about Gagne 's confidence .	Francona is not worried about Gagne 's confidence .	pos_neg	20548
After all , cognitive function is the be all and end all .	After all , cognitive function is not the be all and end all .	pos_neg	20549
Investigators are confirming whether the women were roommates pending notification of kin .	Investigators are not confirming whether the women were roommates pending notification of kin .	pos_neg	20550
AB : He said I have brought you up to give in .	AB : He said I have not brought you up to give in .	pos_neg	20551
We want continuous improvement , we want radical change .	We do not want continuous improvement , we want radical change .	pos_neg	20552
Even lawyers who were involved in protests appeared to be targeted .	Even lawyers who were not involved in protests appeared to be targeted .	pos_neg	20553
That is just wrong ... that is criminal !	That is not just wrong ... that is criminal !	pos_neg	20554
It added that the fund had withdrawn its name for consideration .	It added that the fund had not withdrawn its name for consideration .	pos_neg	20555
But the link is disease-causing germs .	But the link is not disease-causing germs .	pos_neg	20556
It was such a happy morning for Raikkonen 's teammate Felipe Massa .	It was not such a happy morning for Raikkonen 's teammate Felipe Massa .	pos_neg	20557
Dr. Simpson 's plan for growth carries dollar amounts .	Dr. Simpson 's plan for growth does not carry dollar amounts .	pos_neg	20558
" We got it done today , " Scioscia said .	" We did not get it done today , " Scioscia said .	pos_neg	20559
Children under 14 are allowed to use the bikes .	Children under 14 are not allowed to use the bikes .	pos_neg	20560
Though we probably need scientists to tell us this .	Though we probably do not need scientists to tell us this .	pos_neg	20561
You want to be the weak link .	You do not want to be the weak link .	pos_neg	20562
There is a lot of people who have that .	There is a lot of people who do not have that .	pos_neg	20563
And no , she married Harry .	And no , she did not marry Harry .	pos_neg	20564
The Sufi mystical tradition is immediately apparent in modern Afghanistan .	The Sufi mystical tradition is not immediately apparent in modern Afghanistan .	pos_neg	20565
The federal judge indicated what the next steps would be .	The federal judge did not indicate what the next steps would be .	pos_neg	20566
He wears batting gloves .	He does not wear batting gloves .	pos_neg	20567
But the movie shapes its data into a coherent narrative .	But the movie does not shape its data into a coherent narrative .	pos_neg	20568
" Disposable " is a dirty word .	" Disposable " is not a dirty word .	pos_neg	20569
They also have stopped using violent tactics from time to time .	They also have not stopped using violent tactics from time to time .	pos_neg	20570
It is something I like to tell people .	It is not something I like to tell people .	pos_neg	20571
He returned messages left with various publicists yesterday .	He did not return messages left with various publicists yesterday .	pos_neg	20572
It was clear whether Rice would join them .	It was not clear whether Rice would join them .	pos_neg	20573
School officials responded directly to the comments .	School officials did not respond directly to the comments .	pos_neg	20574
They want to anger native Iowans .	They do not want to anger native Iowans .	pos_neg	20575
But intimacy is a big factor in Duran Duran 's songs .	But intimacy is not a big factor in Duran Duran 's songs .	pos_neg	20576
There is no subject on which he is an expert .	There is no subject on which he is not an expert .	pos_neg	20577
" " A strike deadline is meant for show .	" " A strike deadline is not meant for show .	pos_neg	20578
The judge came the door today .	The judge did not come the door today .	pos_neg	20579
The problem is , " Porthemmet Beach " exists .	The problem is , " Porthemmet Beach " does not exist .	pos_neg	20580
The fan groups want peace , they want war .	The fan groups want peace , they do not want war .	pos_neg	20581
The Maryland candidates ' names are so well known .	The Maryland candidates ' names are not so well known .	pos_neg	20582
You switch sides that many times .	You do not switch sides that many times .	pos_neg	20583
Financial details were disclosed .	Financial details were not disclosed .	pos_neg	20584
Fixing immigration is a yes-or-no question .	Fixing immigration is not a yes-or-no question .	pos_neg	20585
He claimed police were active enough in the area .	He claimed police were not active enough in the area .	pos_neg	20586
" I think a major star , " she says .	" I do not think a major star , " she says .	pos_neg	20587
Lunching with another political couple just compares , Schwartz said .	Lunching with another political couple just does not compare , Schwartz said .	pos_neg	20588
Old problem , new anxiety So MRSA is a new problem .	Old problem , new anxiety So MRSA is not a new problem .	pos_neg	20589
The purchase price is being disclosed .	The purchase price is not being disclosed .	pos_neg	20590
Blackwater was covered because it reported to the State Department .	Blackwater was not covered because it reported to the State Department .	pos_neg	20591
So far it has been able to do that .	So far it has not been able to do that .	pos_neg	20592
Notably , Blagojevich is among them .	Notably , Blagojevich is not among them .	pos_neg	20593
It was clear who took the video .	It was not clear who took the video .	pos_neg	20594
Third , he met aging Soviet dinosaur Leonid Brezhnev .	Third , he did not meet aging Soviet dinosaur Leonid Brezhnev .	pos_neg	20595
The thefts were discovered for more than a year .	The thefts were not discovered for more than a year .	pos_neg	20596
But they are sure what to do .	But they are not sure what to do .	pos_neg	20597
I managed for profit .	I did not manage for profit .	pos_neg	20598
Boyd said he knew who owned the cattle .	Boyd said he did not know who owned the cattle .	pos_neg	20599
Inspectors were told about the exposure .	Inspectors were not told about the exposure .	pos_neg	20600
I have that gene .	I do not have that gene .	pos_neg	20601
Furthermore , it guaranteed that they would order the photographs correctly .	Furthermore , it did not guarantee that they would order the photographs correctly .	pos_neg	20602
One thing Danes had to worry about was Audrey Hepburn .	One thing Danes did not have to worry about was Audrey Hepburn .	pos_neg	20603
But Citi is alone there .	But Citi is not alone there .	pos_neg	20604
I wanted to hurt him .	I did not want to hurt him .	pos_neg	20605
A lot of people have financial resources .	A lot of people do not have financial resources .	pos_neg	20606
The testing involved a single course , which was identified .	The testing involved a single course , which was not identified .	pos_neg	20607
October Pictures responded to a request for comment .	October Pictures did not respond to a request for comment .	pos_neg	20608
Regretfully , they have been trained to serve mankind .	Regretfully , they have not been trained to serve mankind .	pos_neg	20609
" No , no , say that , " he protests .	" No , no , do not say that , " he protests .	pos_neg	20610
No sign of life It is known whether they survived .	No sign of life It is not known whether they survived .	pos_neg	20611
Switch-hitting 3B baseman Chone Figgins also started for the Angels .	Switch-hitting 3B baseman Chone Figgins also did not start for the Angels .	pos_neg	20612
An abundance of risks The risk is confined to brokers and agents .	An abundance of risks The risk is not confined to brokers and agents .	pos_neg	20613
Haniyeh said how many would be freed .	Haniyeh did not say how many would be freed .	pos_neg	20614
He is gone now , and he left a lasting impression .	He is gone now , and he did not leave a lasting impression .	pos_neg	20615
Where they are at right now is pretty .	Where they are at right now is not pretty .	pos_neg	20616
He seems care for the history of Formula One .	He does not seem care for the history of Formula One .	pos_neg	20617
And that is because I am weak-willed ; just in love .	And that is not because I am weak-willed ; just in love .	pos_neg	20618
More important , I feel like one .	More important , I do not feel like one .	pos_neg	20619
And this is just a few dolls and action figures for sale .	And this is not just a few dolls and action figures for sale .	pos_neg	20620
Some pundits just get Colbert 's political appeal .	Some pundits just do not get Colbert 's political appeal .	pos_neg	20621
A regular job was an option , he said .	A regular job was not an option , he said .	pos_neg	20622
But we are going to self-destruct .	But we are not going to self-destruct .	pos_neg	20623
He ruled out other disciplinary action , including courts-martial .	He did not rule out other disciplinary action , including courts-martial .	pos_neg	20624
But Goodell has that luxury .	But Goodell does not have that luxury .	pos_neg	20625
Things looked good early for the Flyers .	Things did not look good early for the Flyers .	pos_neg	20626
To suggest otherwise is just treacherous , it is untrue .	To suggest otherwise is not just treacherous , it is untrue .	pos_neg	20627
Janow , however , saw things that way .	Janow , however , did not see things that way .	pos_neg	20628
Mr. McCain said he believed that to be the case .	Mr. McCain said he did not believe that to be the case .	pos_neg	20629
" " That is impossible .	" " That is not impossible .	pos_neg	20630
It was about questions the jury got answered .	It was about questions the jury did not get answered .	pos_neg	20631
It is something you can buy .	It is not something you can buy .	pos_neg	20632
But all is well in the biofuels industry .	But all is not well in the biofuels industry .	pos_neg	20633
but he was .	but he was not .	pos_neg	20634
If you choose to contact him , overthink things .	If you choose to contact him , do not overthink things .	pos_neg	20635
Carnegie Hall said a substitute conductor has been selected .	Carnegie Hall said a substitute conductor has not been selected .	pos_neg	20636
This time they are going to self-destructively deviate from that .	This time they are not going to self-destructively deviate from that .	pos_neg	20637
Flights out are .	Flights out are not .	pos_neg	20638
" It shirked " the difficult long-term decisions .	" It meant not shirking " the difficult long-term decisions .	pos_neg	20639
Craig was represented by an attorney when he entered his plea .	Craig was not represented by an attorney when he entered his plea .	pos_neg	20640
His height intimidates jail inmates it helps him develop a rapport .	His height does not intimidate jail inmates it helps him develop a rapport .	pos_neg	20641
She had raced since then .	She had not raced since then .	pos_neg	20642
He has the chops to beat Hillary .	He does not have the chops to beat Hillary .	pos_neg	20643
" " Clearly under these circumstances things were normal .	" " Clearly under these circumstances things were not normal .	pos_neg	20644
It is a fairy tale .	It is not a fairy tale .	pos_neg	20645
But there is another story that is in the book .	But there is another story that is not in the book .	pos_neg	20646
Thomas discusses his colleagues or his work on the court .	Thomas does not discuss his colleagues or his work on the court .	pos_neg	20647
" I thought we were tight , " Piniella said .	" I did not think we were tight , " Piniella said .	pos_neg	20648
But the campaign said it had done a full analysis .	But the campaign said it had not done a full analysis .	pos_neg	20649
We were like that .	We were not like that .	pos_neg	20650
They had to say a word .	They did not have to say a word .	pos_neg	20651
It was always this way in Salt Lake City .	It was not always this way in Salt Lake City .	pos_neg	20652
I know what 's happened .	I do not know what 's happened .	pos_neg	20653
Xinhua identified the Hong Kong agent .	Xinhua did not identify the Hong Kong agent .	pos_neg	20654
That is my goal .	That is not my goal .	pos_neg	20655
And a cute pair of shoes hurts .	And a cute pair of shoes does not hurt .	pos_neg	20656
And that was the worst of it .	And that was not the worst of it .	pos_neg	20657
" " I mean I felt like it .	" " I mean I did not feel like it .	pos_neg	20658
I thought I needed to .	I did not think I needed to .	pos_neg	20659
A lot of them have been part of a team .	A lot of them have not been part of a team .	pos_neg	20660
" " They are held to the same standard that I am .	" " They are not held to the same standard that I am .	pos_neg	20661
The Charltons are alone in falling victim to this type of scam .	The Charltons are not alone in falling victim to this type of scam .	pos_neg	20662
Aged 18 or over They want to fail their friends .	Aged 18 or over They do not want to fail their friends .	pos_neg	20663
It took long for opponents to make themselves heard .	It did not take long for opponents to make themselves heard .	pos_neg	20664
He just understood his job .	He just did not understand his job .	pos_neg	20665
But the pain of Bingaman-Specter stops with trillions of taxpayer dollars .	But the pain of Bingaman-Specter does not stop with trillions of taxpayer dollars .	pos_neg	20666
Frustrated , Crabtree attended a Texas Tech football game last season .	Frustrated , Crabtree did not attend a Texas Tech football game last season .	pos_neg	20667
It is the first time Boxer has told Inhofe who 's boss .	It is not the first time Boxer has told Inhofe who 's boss .	pos_neg	20668
Mortgage lenders like to see a foreclosure on your credit reports .	Mortgage lenders do not like to see a foreclosure on your credit reports .	pos_neg	20669
But Frost is giving up .	But Frost is not giving up .	pos_neg	20670
" " My guy is a government informant .	" " My guy is not a government informant .	pos_neg	20671
Moya said he was bothered by Djokovic 's routine .	Moya said he was not bothered by Djokovic 's routine .	pos_neg	20672
Okajima was among the revelers .	Okajima was not among the revelers .	pos_neg	20673
But it is just about rich people .	But it is not just about rich people .	pos_neg	20674
They are mean .	They are not mean .	pos_neg	20675
Slate quarries are sold for £ 31m He looked triumphant .	Slate quarries are sold for £ 31m He did not look triumphant .	pos_neg	20676
Collins played .	Collins did not play .	pos_neg	20677
Messages left for Yankees general manager Brian Cashman were immediately returned .	Messages left for Yankees general manager Brian Cashman were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	20678
Minka Kelly 's 1940s waves Malta and Cyprus were included .	Minka Kelly 's 1940s waves Malta and Cyprus were not included .	pos_neg	20679
That lack of support for contracting professionals is new .	That lack of support for contracting professionals is not new .	pos_neg	20680
This is because I am a Luddite .	This is not because I am a Luddite .	pos_neg	20681
Pearson also responded to messages .	Pearson also did not respond to messages .	pos_neg	20682
Police said they knew whether Alysha Green had a lawyer .	Police said they did not know whether Alysha Green had a lawyer .	pos_neg	20683
Amazingly , my airbags deployed .	Amazingly , my airbags did not deploy .	pos_neg	20684
Ms. Mason said she was allowed to disclose who had treated Omar .	Ms. Mason said she was not allowed to disclose who had treated Omar .	pos_neg	20685
So the issue is whether China sells its existing dollars .	So the issue is not whether China sells its existing dollars .	pos_neg	20686
" I believe they look 18 , " said Meadows .	" I do not believe they look 18 , " said Meadows .	pos_neg	20687
Whether a gap between patients and doctors exists was examined .	Whether a gap between patients and doctors exists was not examined .	pos_neg	20688
We are in awe of the stadium .	We are not in awe of the stadium .	pos_neg	20689
Negotiations for its release in Asia have been concluded , Gavron said .	Negotiations for its release in Asia have not been concluded , Gavron said .	pos_neg	20690
This is just clever short hand .	This is not just clever short hand .	pos_neg	20691
I want to raise him here .	I do not want to raise him here .	pos_neg	20692
It is been easy .	It is not been easy .	pos_neg	20693
This story is a one-off .	This story is not a one-off .	pos_neg	20694
This story gets better with time -- it gets worse .	This story does not get better with time -- it gets worse .	pos_neg	20695
The linebackers coach was happy , and he let Haley know it .	The linebackers coach was not happy , and he let Haley know it .	pos_neg	20696
Unlikely begins to describe Kowalewski 's career path .	Unlikely does not begin to describe Kowalewski 's career path .	pos_neg	20697
We were great rivals , great competitors , but we were friends .	We were great rivals , great competitors , but we were not friends .	pos_neg	20698
Things were all that bad , some said .	Things were not all that bad , some said .	pos_neg	20699
Rational Sentencing - New York Times The video shows the explosion .	Rational Sentencing - New York Times The video does not show the explosion .	pos_neg	20700
The situation on the Republican side is so clear .	The situation on the Republican side is not so clear .	pos_neg	20701
" The risk is eliminated , " he said .	" The risk is not eliminated , " he said .	pos_neg	20702
Whatever else he is , though , Carney is a quitter .	Whatever else he is , though , Carney is not a quitter .	pos_neg	20703
Maybe it is linked to the election - I know .	Maybe it is linked to the election - I do not know .	pos_neg	20704
Edwards certainly is the only driver expressing confidence with the playoffs looming .	Edwards certainly is not the only driver expressing confidence with the playoffs looming .	pos_neg	20705
The hearings were so degrading that he watched the final vote .	The hearings were so degrading that he did not watch the final vote .	pos_neg	20706
Moreover , Hillary 2007 is Hillary 1993 .	Moreover , Hillary 2007 is not Hillary 1993 .	pos_neg	20707
Calls to known telephone numbers for Swindal located him yesterday .	Calls to known telephone numbers for Swindal did not locate him yesterday .	pos_neg	20708
I am the kind of person who would refuse to play .	I am not the kind of person who would refuse to play .	pos_neg	20709
But it is clear what we have to do better .	But it is not clear what we have to do better .	pos_neg	20710
The pain she feels marks her .	The pain she feels does not mark her .	pos_neg	20711
Wine gums His family minded .	Wine gums His family did not mind .	pos_neg	20712
Coach Brenda Frese knew if Langhorne would play against LSU .	Coach Brenda Frese did not know if Langhorne would play against LSU .	pos_neg	20713
We may have played dead at times , but we died .	We may have played dead at times , but we did not die .	pos_neg	20714
If this is available , our lives become miserable .	If this is not available , our lives become miserable .	pos_neg	20715
Berardino raised his hand immediately to offer to help .	Berardino did not raise his hand immediately to offer to help .	pos_neg	20716
This was the way the Mets wanted to head into Philadelphia .	This was not the way the Mets wanted to head into Philadelphia .	pos_neg	20717
Because the British Library is like other libraries .	Because the British Library is not like other libraries .	pos_neg	20718
But I think it works like that .	But I do not think it works like that .	pos_neg	20719
We need to know their children have died in vain .	We need to know their children have not died in vain .	pos_neg	20720
Mr. Winner said the administration 's offer had been sincere .	Mr. Winner said the administration 's offer had not been sincere .	pos_neg	20721
NPD reported unit-sales figures .	NPD did not report unit-sales figures .	pos_neg	20722
Mr. Mantegna said he was interested in discussing Mr. Patinkin 's departure .	Mr. Mantegna said he was not interested in discussing Mr. Patinkin 's departure .	pos_neg	20723
You want to keep playing golf when you are ahead .	You do not want to keep playing golf when you are ahead .	pos_neg	20724
Owners sometimes kill the dogs that win .	Owners sometimes kill the dogs that do not win .	pos_neg	20725
If he were , he could have answered the question about waterboarding .	If he were not , he could have answered the question about waterboarding .	pos_neg	20726
I really think it would have mattered .	I really do not think it would have mattered .	pos_neg	20727
We are saying we want Alex McLeish to go anywhere .	We are saying we do not want Alex McLeish to go anywhere .	pos_neg	20728
" They are messing around , " he said .	" They are not messing around , " he said .	pos_neg	20729
You have to live in the D.C. metro area .	You do not have to live in the D.C. metro area .	pos_neg	20730
Tropical Storm Noel claims 48 lives They have .	Tropical Storm Noel claims 48 lives They have not .	pos_neg	20731
We refer to it as Yankee Universe .	We do not refer to it as Yankee Universe .	pos_neg	20732
The money makes sense .	The money does not make sense .	pos_neg	20733
Maybe it has sunk in .	Maybe it has not sunk in .	pos_neg	20734
" I see myself as ' first lady .	" I do not see myself as ' first lady .	pos_neg	20735
But I killed him .	But I did not kill him .	pos_neg	20736
The authorities released her name .	The authorities did not release her name .	pos_neg	20737
He lets the moment bother him .	He does not let the moment bother him .	pos_neg	20738
I think people probably appreciate that .	I do not think people probably appreciate that .	pos_neg	20739
Naming his book " Vanilla Bright Like Eminem " is an affectation .	Naming his book " Vanilla Bright Like Eminem " is not an affectation .	pos_neg	20740
Name-brand cellphones allow this flexibility .	Name-brand cellphones do not allow this flexibility .	pos_neg	20741
The Senate legislation includes that language .	The Senate legislation does not include that language .	pos_neg	20742
Such arrangements are new .	Such arrangements are not new .	pos_neg	20743
Yushchenko mentioned who he wanted as prime minister .	Yushchenko did not mention who he wanted as prime minister .	pos_neg	20744
Men have that .	Men do not have that .	pos_neg	20745
Such artistic claustrophobia is unique to dance .	Such artistic claustrophobia is not unique to dance .	pos_neg	20746
But it is just the options .	But it is not just the options .	pos_neg	20747
It noted that Mr. Kim provided evidence to support his claims .	It noted that Mr. Kim did not provide evidence to support his claims .	pos_neg	20748
The schedule has changed , EPA spokeswoman Jennifer Wood said Monday .	The schedule has not changed , EPA spokeswoman Jennifer Wood said Monday .	pos_neg	20749
" It was an average week , " he said .	" It was not an average week , " he said .	pos_neg	20750
Newt Gingrich is running !	Newt Gingrich is not running !	pos_neg	20751
The enterprise focuses solely on Juvista .	The enterprise does not focus solely on Juvista .	pos_neg	20752
Senior company officials say that Mr. Prince was pressured to quit .	Senior company officials say that Mr. Prince was not pressured to quit .	pos_neg	20753
She had listened .	She had not listened .	pos_neg	20754
You 're going into the military .	You 're not going into the military .	pos_neg	20755
" It is great , " I agree .	" It is not great , " I agree .	pos_neg	20756
But it has been heard of since .	But it has not been heard of since .	pos_neg	20757
" I remember being hit , " Torres said .	" I do not remember being hit , " Torres said .	pos_neg	20758
They 've had their chance ; it worked .	They 've had their chance ; it did not work .	pos_neg	20759
UCG suffers from the same negative public image as coal mining .	UCG does not suffer from the same negative public image as coal mining .	pos_neg	20760
Poets have biographies .	Poets do not have biographies .	pos_neg	20761
, were sure they could afford the trip .	, were not sure they could afford the trip .	pos_neg	20762
But James needed a marketing department to sell this message .	But James did not need a marketing department to sell this message .	pos_neg	20763
Police have identified the remaining suspect they are seeking .	Police have not identified the remaining suspect they are seeking .	pos_neg	20764
But I think the polling is worth spit .	But I do not think the polling is worth spit .	pos_neg	20765
The Gaza Strip-based Hamas government is participating .	The Gaza Strip-based Hamas government is not participating .	pos_neg	20766
This President has .	This President has not .	pos_neg	20767
Mr. Freeman conceded that the shield law applied to published material .	Mr. Freeman conceded that the shield law did not apply to published material .	pos_neg	20768
I have a social life , really .	I do not have a social life , really .	pos_neg	20769
But newborn polar bears are , and often fail in their attempts .	But newborn polar bears are not , and often fail in their attempts .	pos_neg	20770
She stressed that the swims organised were specifically therapeutic .	She stressed that the swims organised were not specifically therapeutic .	pos_neg	20771
Clearly the ducks here are confined to the national parks .	Clearly the ducks here are not confined to the national parks .	pos_neg	20772
" " I share the same vision of love .	" " I do not share the same vision of love .	pos_neg	20773
It was like a 15- or 16-strikeout game .	It was not like a 15- or 16-strikeout game .	pos_neg	20774
Council rules allow members to vote by proxy .	Council rules do not allow members to vote by proxy .	pos_neg	20775
Gallardo , a rookie , is brand new .	Gallardo , a rookie , is not brand new .	pos_neg	20776
Yakouki 's patch is an easy one to sell .	Yakouki 's patch is not an easy one to sell .	pos_neg	20777
" It has altered my personal plans , " he says .	" It has not altered my personal plans , " he says .	pos_neg	20778
But somebody liked what was going on .	But somebody did not like what was going on .	pos_neg	20779
I thought so .	I did not think so .	pos_neg	20780
If you are a packaging snob , there are some cheaper alternatives .	If you are not a packaging snob , there are some cheaper alternatives .	pos_neg	20781
It is too late for Rodriguez to reconsider Toledo 's offer .	It is not too late for Rodriguez to reconsider Toledo 's offer .	pos_neg	20782
Let 's get something straight : I am a mercy-rule guy .	Let 's get something straight : I am not a mercy-rule guy .	pos_neg	20783
Half of Americans have necks .	Half of Americans do not have necks .	pos_neg	20784
If education is top notch , they look elsewhere .	If education is not top notch , they look elsewhere .	pos_neg	20785
AMERIGROUP plans significant changes in that structure .	AMERIGROUP does not plan significant changes in that structure .	pos_neg	20786
Bon mots are made for shrieking , and many are lost here .	Bon mots are not made for shrieking , and many are lost here .	pos_neg	20787
Shareholders staged a revolt over the payout .	Shareholders did not stage a revolt over the payout .	pos_neg	20788
'New evidence' The point being , Sun Tzu probably said that .	'New evidence' The point being , Sun Tzu probably did not say that .	pos_neg	20789
The SNP promised first-time buyers a grant , and it is happening .	The SNP promised first-time buyers a grant , and it is not happening .	pos_neg	20790
That would be true even if the Scientologists had authored it .	That would be true even if the Scientologists had not authored it .	pos_neg	20791
" I am ignorant , " Rosario told CNN .	" I am not ignorant , " Rosario told CNN .	pos_neg	20792
I believe he went beyond his right to speak freely .	I do not believe he went beyond his right to speak freely .	pos_neg	20793
Those who were registered to vote were asked to sign up .	Those who were not registered to vote were asked to sign up .	pos_neg	20794
The statement specified where Muhammad and Abd were captured .	The statement did not specify where Muhammad and Abd were captured .	pos_neg	20795
It is preventative , it is reactive .	It is not preventative , it is reactive .	pos_neg	20796
Saban had to do that .	Saban did not have to do that .	pos_neg	20797
He is very close to the actors , he yells .	He is very close to the actors , he does not yell .	pos_neg	20798
It expands it .	It does not expand it .	pos_neg	20799
We turned away from the world -- we embraced it .	We did not turn away from the world -- we embraced it .	pos_neg	20800
It would be nice to be one but I begrudge him .	It would be nice to be one but I do not begrudge him .	pos_neg	20801
But you thank people for pointing out your mistakes .	But you do not thank people for pointing out your mistakes .	pos_neg	20802
But that happens .	But that does not happen .	pos_neg	20803
It is actually ideals .	It is not actually ideals .	pos_neg	20804
But more is always better .	But more is not always better .	pos_neg	20805
Spears is a party to the lawsuit , Zomba said .	Spears is not a party to the lawsuit , Zomba said .	pos_neg	20806
It was an instant transformation .	It was not an instant transformation .	pos_neg	20807
We strike women .	We do not strike women .	pos_neg	20808
McGrath pointed out that Hitchens had no evidence that God existed .	McGrath pointed out that Hitchens had no evidence that God did not exist .	pos_neg	20809
The Shia protect us .	The Shia do not protect us .	pos_neg	20810
The house was occupied at the time .	The house was not occupied at the time .	pos_neg	20811
He mentioned a pending trip to South Africa .	He did not mention a pending trip to South Africa .	pos_neg	20812
It is clear whether he drank alcohol in the intervening period .	It is not clear whether he drank alcohol in the intervening period .	pos_neg	20813
But blood clots cause veins to harden .	But blood clots do not cause veins to harden .	pos_neg	20814
The news is all bad , though .	The news is not all bad , though .	pos_neg	20815
It is going to be an easy road for them .	It is not going to be an easy road for them .	pos_neg	20816
I realised I had a problem .	I did not realise I had a problem .	pos_neg	20817
Possibly , but it seemed his style .	Possibly , but it did not seem his style .	pos_neg	20818
' " In fairness , this is just a name game .	' " In fairness , this is not just a name game .	pos_neg	20819
" " But I have found it .	" " But I have not found it .	pos_neg	20820
But that is his job .	But that is not his job .	pos_neg	20821
Roads were always planned with motorcyclists in mind , she said .	Roads were not always planned with motorcyclists in mind , she said .	pos_neg	20822
The two have spoken for several years .	The two have not spoken for several years .	pos_neg	20823
He also was caught .	He also was not caught .	pos_neg	20824
Shanker was an excuse maker .	Shanker was not an excuse maker .	pos_neg	20825
I am a big celebrator .	I am not a big celebrator .	pos_neg	20826
" They want to be associated with some ' lawbreaker .	" They do not want to be associated with some ' lawbreaker .	pos_neg	20827
" " I was ambitious for the sake of it .	" " I was not ambitious for the sake of it .	pos_neg	20828
I am sure who has .	I am not sure who has .	pos_neg	20829
Consumers are stuck with whoever answers the phone .	Consumers are not stuck with whoever answers the phone .	pos_neg	20830
Good news sells .	Good news does not sell .	pos_neg	20831
She identified the victim .	She did not identify the victim .	pos_neg	20832
He elaborated on how he is working with MLB .	He did not elaborate on how he is working with MLB .	pos_neg	20833
But sovereign funds are the only entities sitting on piles of cash .	But sovereign funds are not the only entities sitting on piles of cash .	pos_neg	20834
" It makes us uncritical , " he said .	" It does not make us uncritical , " he said .	pos_neg	20835
" " It is a sustainable climate going forward .	" " It is not a sustainable climate going forward .	pos_neg	20836
The agency said where he died or how old he was .	The agency did not say where he died or how old he was .	pos_neg	20837
He said he knew why Mohammed was arrested .	He said he did not know why Mohammed was arrested .	pos_neg	20838
It is in the government .	It is not in the government .	pos_neg	20839
He detailed what that relationship might be .	He did not detail what that relationship might be .	pos_neg	20840
The judge ruled that this claim was supported by the scientific evidence .	The judge ruled that this claim was not supported by the scientific evidence .	pos_neg	20841
I like you like that , Gabby !	I do not like you like that , Gabby !	pos_neg	20842
Dr. Segarra 's name is on those lists .	Dr. Segarra 's name is not on those lists .	pos_neg	20843
But management consultant Gillian Turnbull is so sure .	But management consultant Gillian Turnbull is not so sure .	pos_neg	20844
They also said the man who abandoned the boy is his father .	They also said the man who abandoned the boy is not his father .	pos_neg	20845
Vanover was buying that explanation .	Vanover was not buying that explanation .	pos_neg	20846
And it is just youngsters .	And it is not just youngsters .	pos_neg	20847
But it is certain that can be done .	But it is not certain that can be done .	pos_neg	20848
I am going to comment .	I am not going to comment .	pos_neg	20849
I think I did that .	I do not think I did that .	pos_neg	20850
" No , it is , " she said .	" No , it is not , " she said .	pos_neg	20851
That has always been part of my diabetic prescription .	That has not always been part of my diabetic prescription .	pos_neg	20852
You buy Xbox 360 Arcade .	You do not buy Xbox 360 Arcade .	pos_neg	20853
Many , however leave the resort .	Many , however do not leave the resort .	pos_neg	20854
He needs to lean on statistics to make an impression .	He does not need to lean on statistics to make an impression .	pos_neg	20855
I want to let him go .	I do not want to let him go .	pos_neg	20856
Democrats in Hong Kong were inspired .	Democrats in Hong Kong were not inspired .	pos_neg	20857
And we have a language for talking about it .	And we do not have a language for talking about it .	pos_neg	20858
Better sleep has to come in a pill .	Better sleep does not have to come in a pill .	pos_neg	20859
I think I am compromised because I do something else .	I do not think I am compromised because I do something else .	pos_neg	20860
" " I know what that is about .	" " I do not know what that is about .	pos_neg	20861
I was sure I believed that .	I was not sure I believed that .	pos_neg	20862
Ms. Merlino 's interpretation is universally shared .	Ms. Merlino 's interpretation is not universally shared .	pos_neg	20863
He said the crawl space was in plain view .	He said the crawl space was not in plain view .	pos_neg	20864
" I was nervous about going , " says Cheadle , 42 .	" I was not nervous about going , " says Cheadle , 42 .	pos_neg	20865
A hospital operator said the hospital releases patient information .	A hospital operator said the hospital does not release patient information .	pos_neg	20866
It is necessary - they already have a place to live .	It is not necessary - they already have a place to live .	pos_neg	20867
I wrote the book because I want people to go away .	I did not write the book because I want people to go away .	pos_neg	20868
Expect a lot of them to gravitate back .	Do not expect a lot of them to gravitate back .	pos_neg	20869
And right now we know the answers .	And right now we do not know the answers .	pos_neg	20870
They missed some shots , but we cleared the board .	They missed some shots , but we did not clear the board .	pos_neg	20871
Yet its early primary is its only feature of interest .	Yet its early primary is not its only feature of interest .	pos_neg	20872
" Sorry " is going to cut it .	" Sorry " is not going to cut it .	pos_neg	20873
The general has said what he intends to do .	The general has not said what he intends to do .	pos_neg	20874
There have been as many mental errors thus far in the season .	There have not been as many mental errors thus far in the season .	pos_neg	20875
" No , I care , " Olivo said .	" No , I do not care , " Olivo said .	pos_neg	20876
Whatever happens , let 's upset the money men .	Whatever happens , let 's not upset the money men .	pos_neg	20877
Bottega Veneta needs ready-to-wear .	Bottega Veneta does not need ready-to-wear .	pos_neg	20878
But that success has completely translated to recognition in Los Angeles .	But that success has not completely translated to recognition in Los Angeles .	pos_neg	20879
It is easy to play Serena and Venus , you know .	It is not easy to play Serena and Venus , you know .	pos_neg	20880
His pay justified his performance .	His pay did not justify his performance .	pos_neg	20881
We think that this strategic problem .	We do not think that this strategic problem .	pos_neg	20882
I wanted to do that .	I did not want to do that .	pos_neg	20883
He created us to be average .	He did not create us to be average .	pos_neg	20884
There were many of those .	There were not many of those .	pos_neg	20885
When you do have problems , you are lost in the shuffle .	When you do have problems , you are not lost in the shuffle .	pos_neg	20886
The eldest daughter has to put on an Islamic head scarf .	The eldest daughter does not have to put on an Islamic head scarf .	pos_neg	20887
The picture 's true subject is wildlife , it is social climbing .	The picture 's true subject is not wildlife , it is social climbing .	pos_neg	20888
It is going to be like this again .	It is not going to be like this again .	pos_neg	20889
World Diabetes Day Lights Up the Skyline And they were disappointed .	World Diabetes Day Lights Up the Skyline And they were not disappointed .	pos_neg	20890
The new leaders have discovered that the top job is that easy .	The new leaders have discovered that the top job is not that easy .	pos_neg	20891
But it was just a minority issue .	But it was not just a minority issue .	pos_neg	20892
But these families have taken no for an answer .	But these families have not taken no for an answer .	pos_neg	20893
Police discussed a possible motive .	Police did not discuss a possible motive .	pos_neg	20894
But Far Niente is pinning its future on selling itself as green .	But Far Niente is not pinning its future on selling itself as green .	pos_neg	20895
The investigators also found that the building 's sprinklers were working .	The investigators also found that the building 's sprinklers were not working .	pos_neg	20896
The answer is known , at least publicly .	The answer is not known , at least publicly .	pos_neg	20897
Sentences for crack offenses studied You drop out of Juilliard .	Sentences for crack offenses studied You do not drop out of Juilliard .	pos_neg	20898
It was immediately possible to reconcile the different stories .	It was not immediately possible to reconcile the different stories .	pos_neg	20899
OIBDA includes our need to replace our capital equipment over time .	OIBDA does not include our need to replace our capital equipment over time .	pos_neg	20900
Franchione let it come to that .	Franchione did not let it come to that .	pos_neg	20901
Democrats are of one mind on the question .	Democrats are not of one mind on the question .	pos_neg	20902
The thing is , it is going to end that way .	The thing is , it is not going to end that way .	pos_neg	20903
Child poverty unit plan unveiled She replied .	Child poverty unit plan unveiled She did not reply .	pos_neg	20904
Saleska said forest 's resiliency , however , is limitless .	Saleska said forest 's resiliency , however , is not limitless .	pos_neg	20905
... He recycles , litters and eats organic .	... He recycles , does not litter and eats organic .	pos_neg	20906
, is believed to be living in Shanghai and is in custody .	, is believed to be living in Shanghai and is not in custody .	pos_neg	20907
She returned phone and e-mail messages Wednesday seeking additional comment .	She did not return phone and e-mail messages Wednesday seeking additional comment .	pos_neg	20908
I have been around it before , so I am surprised .	I have been around it before , so I am not surprised .	pos_neg	20909
Sarkozy 's trip is without risks - in France .	Sarkozy 's trip is not without risks - in France .	pos_neg	20910
It is deep .	It is not deep .	pos_neg	20911
For Jason Roe and his wife , Patty , it was .	For Jason Roe and his wife , Patty , it was not .	pos_neg	20912
Even the twittering birds seem excessive .	Even the twittering birds do not seem excessive .	pos_neg	20913
The city contends wallabies carry diseases and make good urban pets .	The city contends wallabies carry diseases and do not make good urban pets .	pos_neg	20914
It was clear when the government would seek the authorization .	It was not clear when the government would seek the authorization .	pos_neg	20915
He calls them so they forget him .	He calls them so they do not forget him .	pos_neg	20916
There is enough data available to determine how widespread this problem is .	There is not enough data available to determine how widespread this problem is .	pos_neg	20917
Airlines say this type of agent behavior is tolerated , of course .	Airlines say this type of agent behavior is not tolerated , of course .	pos_neg	20918
I really think it is a good thing .	I really do not think it is a good thing .	pos_neg	20919
" " How successful it was really matters .	" " How successful it was really does not matter .	pos_neg	20920
But greater clarity was necessarily a result .	But greater clarity was not necessarily a result .	pos_neg	20921
Van Horne responded to repeated calls for comment .	Van Horne did not respond to repeated calls for comment .	pos_neg	20922
Mr. Maliki has signed the bill and could conceivably veto it .	Mr. Maliki has not signed the bill and could conceivably veto it .	pos_neg	20923
As a nation , we have to be tense and angry .	As a nation , we do not have to be tense and angry .	pos_neg	20924
The US was occupied by another nation that ran the show .	The US was not occupied by another nation that ran the show .	pos_neg	20925
Their parents want to .	Their parents do not want to .	pos_neg	20926
But it is the goal to kill people .	But it is not the goal to kill people .	pos_neg	20927
I needed them to tell me about that .	I did not need them to tell me about that .	pos_neg	20928
The FCC has proposed a fine since March 2006 .	The FCC has not proposed a fine since March 2006 .	pos_neg	20929
We really believe it is a done deal .	We really do not believe it is a done deal .	pos_neg	20930
The cost of the program was available .	The cost of the program was not available .	pos_neg	20931
Publisher Financial terms of the deal were disclosed .	Publisher Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed .	pos_neg	20932
They did it .	They did not do it .	pos_neg	20933
Ultimately , we believe him .	Ultimately , we do not believe him .	pos_neg	20934
But it is a matter of simply drawing up new rules .	But it is not a matter of simply drawing up new rules .	pos_neg	20935
The panel ruled Wednesday .	The panel did not rule Wednesday .	pos_neg	20936
Lerach 's lawyer , John W. Keker , returned calls yesterday .	Lerach 's lawyer , John W. Keker , did not return calls yesterday .	pos_neg	20937
You want to be the one losing .	You do not want to be the one losing .	pos_neg	20938
" I certainly expected to make it , " Mickelson said .	" I certainly did not expect to make it , " Mickelson said .	pos_neg	20939
" This is an all-Wales solution , " he added .	" This is not an all-Wales solution , " he added .	pos_neg	20940
But this is the whole story .	But this is not the whole story .	pos_neg	20941
That satisfied some , including Rivas-Rodriguez .	That did not satisfy some , including Rivas-Rodriguez .	pos_neg	20942
The other said he had spoken to Jackson .	The other said he had not spoken to Jackson .	pos_neg	20943
As soon as you become a mum it works .	As soon as you become a mum it does not work .	pos_neg	20944
It was clear how long it had been there .	It was not clear how long it had been there .	pos_neg	20945
" " I just believe in God .	" " I just do not believe in God .	pos_neg	20946
It is too late .	It is not too late .	pos_neg	20947
Until now , Ms Whitman has faced serious public criticism .	Until now , Ms Whitman has not faced serious public criticism .	pos_neg	20948
" We are gloating , " Def Jam President Jay-Z told AP .	" We are not gloating , " Def Jam President Jay-Z told AP .	pos_neg	20949
The urge to connect is an atavism .	The urge to connect is not an atavism .	pos_neg	20950
" We make policy , " MacInnes added .	" We do not make policy , " MacInnes added .	pos_neg	20951
It is known how many customers in total will be affected .	It is not known how many customers in total will be affected .	pos_neg	20952
No , I am for it .	No , I am not for it .	pos_neg	20953
An afternoon autopsy was planned , but results were expected for days .	An afternoon autopsy was planned , but results were not expected for days .	pos_neg	20954
Cursing is allowed .	Cursing is not allowed .	pos_neg	20955
That is a bad idea for our premiere-givers too .	That is not a bad idea for our premiere-givers too .	pos_neg	20956
Somehow , though , those safety measures were enough .	Somehow , though , those safety measures were not enough .	pos_neg	20957
I knew I wanted to smoke .	I knew I did not want to smoke .	pos_neg	20958
The court also noted that the new video is new evidence .	The court also noted that the new video is not new evidence .	pos_neg	20959
This is one of them .	This is not one of them .	pos_neg	20960
They want to cook .	They do not want to cook .	pos_neg	20961
Greene 's own family was invited to the premiere .	Greene 's own family was not invited to the premiere .	pos_neg	20962
The first thing he was right about was calling an election .	The first thing he was right about was not calling an election .	pos_neg	20963
I was as close as many of his friends , you know .	I was not as close as many of his friends , you know .	pos_neg	20964
A-Rod is the only Yankee who reeks of contradiction .	A-Rod is not the only Yankee who reeks of contradiction .	pos_neg	20965
He got far .	He did not get far .	pos_neg	20966
He said he believes in it .	He said he does not believe in it .	pos_neg	20967
The child seat was properly secured , the investigator said .	The child seat was not properly secured , the investigator said .	pos_neg	20968
Varied Home Markets Now Share a Slump He brags about himself .	Varied Home Markets Now Share a Slump He does not brag about himself .	pos_neg	20969
The white was crossed .	The white was not crossed .	pos_neg	20970
Alcoa disclosed terms of the deal .	Alcoa did not disclose terms of the deal .	pos_neg	20971
I really knew if we had made things worse over there .	I really did not know if we had made things worse over there .	pos_neg	20972
God is some mean old man in the sky .	God is not some mean old man in the sky .	pos_neg	20973
It was a night to cavil .	It was not a night to cavil .	pos_neg	20974
A private autopsy conducted for Gotbaum 's family has been completed .	A private autopsy conducted for Gotbaum 's family has not been completed .	pos_neg	20975
Shanthakumaran Sreesanth is single-handedly doing what many thought possible .	Shanthakumaran Sreesanth is single-handedly doing what many did not think possible .	pos_neg	20976
But in this instance , that is the case .	But in this instance , that is not the case .	pos_neg	20977
What is working is the diplomatic side .	What is not working is the diplomatic side .	pos_neg	20978
He has gone more than 11 at-bats without a hit .	He has not gone more than 11 at-bats without a hit .	pos_neg	20979
Khudyakov appeared in court and was sentenced in absentia .	Khudyakov did not appear in court and was sentenced in absentia .	pos_neg	20980
Richard Prince has heard America singing , and it is in tune .	Richard Prince has heard America singing , and it is not in tune .	pos_neg	20981
Mr. Bernanke touched on those issues on Tuesday .	Mr. Bernanke did not touch on those issues on Tuesday .	pos_neg	20982
Somehow he seems the bum-around-for-a-year type .	Somehow he does not seem the bum-around-for-a-year type .	pos_neg	20983
Whoa , let 's push things .	Whoa , let 's not push things .	pos_neg	20984
She said she left Mr. Nederlander for the comedian .	She said she did not leave Mr. Nederlander for the comedian .	pos_neg	20985
Grant 's agent returned ABC 's phone calls and e-mails .	Grant 's agent did not return ABC 's phone calls and e-mails .	pos_neg	20986
And he was going to .	And he was not going to .	pos_neg	20987
We hear such talk today .	We do not hear such talk today .	pos_neg	20988
Yet most school systems go all out to get the best .	Yet most school systems do not go all out to get the best .	pos_neg	20989
They specified the charges , Hashmi said .	They did not specify the charges , Hashmi said .	pos_neg	20990
Sens. Joe Biden of Delaware and Barack Obama of Illinois voted .	Sens. Joe Biden of Delaware and Barack Obama of Illinois did not vote .	pos_neg	20991
I saw it the following day or the following week .	I did not see it the following day or the following week .	pos_neg	20992
Tina Turner attended the funeral .	Tina Turner did not attend the funeral .	pos_neg	20993
I know how well he is known citywide .	I do not know how well he is known citywide .	pos_neg	20994
They hold their breath .	They need not hold their breath .	pos_neg	20995
Mr. Berglund was to go above the third floor .	Mr. Berglund was not to go above the third floor .	pos_neg	20996
IT IS DANGEROUS TO SPEAK YOUR MIND !	IT IS NOT DANGEROUS TO SPEAK YOUR MIND !	pos_neg	20997
The media goes after candidates without the help of other campaigns .	The media does not go after candidates without the help of other campaigns .	pos_neg	20998
To the surprise of many , Hobbs took a knee .	To the surprise of many , Hobbs did not take a knee .	pos_neg	20999
The stomach pains were typical , but the wandering joint pain was .	The stomach pains were not typical , but the wandering joint pain was .	pos_neg	21000
If it is , you cannot .	If it is not , you cannot .	pos_neg	21001
A Blackwater spokeswoman returned telephone and e-mail messages seeking comment .	A Blackwater spokeswoman did not return telephone and e-mail messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	21002
Heritage Bag responded to repeated requests for an interview .	Heritage Bag did not respond to repeated requests for an interview .	pos_neg	21003
" " You have to climb a corporate ladder .	" " You do not have to climb a corporate ladder .	pos_neg	21004
But that has lessened the skepticism of critics .	But that has not lessened the skepticism of critics .	pos_neg	21005
Gazprom has faced such problems during its involvement in the project .	Gazprom has not faced such problems during its involvement in the project .	pos_neg	21006
It is his day to have lost somebody .	It is not his day to have lost somebody .	pos_neg	21007
Despite the perks , Durant is about to let his game rest .	Despite the perks , Durant is not about to let his game rest .	pos_neg	21008
Subtle Silvio strikes again Perez was as successful against Ramírez .	Subtle Silvio strikes again Perez was not as successful against Ramírez .	pos_neg	21009
He really knows .	He really does not know .	pos_neg	21010
The adjoining homes were affected .	The adjoining homes were not affected .	pos_neg	21011
But he made a mistake .	But he did not make a mistake .	pos_neg	21012
" I know , " Cuza said .	" I do not know , " Cuza said .	pos_neg	21013
They are given credit for everything they do .	They are not given credit for everything they do .	pos_neg	21014
I see it that way .	I do not see it that way .	pos_neg	21015
Tyler fumbled a handoff or miss a blocking assignment .	Tyler did not fumble a handoff or miss a blocking assignment .	pos_neg	21016
The home was bought and financed when the borrower qualified .	The home was bought and financed when the borrower did not qualify .	pos_neg	21017
It was immediately clear what triggered the shootings .	It was not immediately clear what triggered the shootings .	pos_neg	21018
The Halloween store is for everyone .	The Halloween store is not for everyone .	pos_neg	21019
He knows which one he will move into .	He does not know which one he will move into .	pos_neg	21020
And it was just alums .	And it was not just alums .	pos_neg	21021
" I am my brother 's keeper , " he said .	" I am not my brother 's keeper , " he said .	pos_neg	21022
And by that , I mean a prolonged losing streak .	And by that , I do not mean a prolonged losing streak .	pos_neg	21023
I think we can cope with it .	I do not think we can cope with it .	pos_neg	21024
Napier Armit and his friends have been forgotten .	Napier Armit and his friends have not been forgotten .	pos_neg	21025
That is a venue that is compatible with public conversation .	That is not a venue that is compatible with public conversation .	pos_neg	21026
This is meant as a disparagement .	This is not meant as a disparagement .	pos_neg	21027
Revlimid is for everyone .	Revlimid is not for everyone .	pos_neg	21028
It is all about the environment at this level , though .	It is not all about the environment at this level , though .	pos_neg	21029
It was easy for Luis Sanchez to take at first .	It was not easy for Luis Sanchez to take at first .	pos_neg	21030
But it was just Republicans who came away impressed after visiting Iraq .	But it was not just Republicans who came away impressed after visiting Iraq .	pos_neg	21031
I feel that way now in the NFL .	I do not feel that way now in the NFL .	pos_neg	21032
" I was really encouraged , " she recalled .	" I was not really encouraged , " she recalled .	pos_neg	21033
Just like the bad old days Because it is .	Just like the bad old days Because it is not .	pos_neg	21034
You deserve to be in this courtroom expressing that .	You do not deserve to be in this courtroom expressing that .	pos_neg	21035
This approach legalizes drugs .	This approach does not legalize drugs .	pos_neg	21036
" " As a culture , we agree .	" " As a culture , we do not agree .	pos_neg	21037
it needs time and perseverance and they have all got it here .	it needs time and perseverance and they have not all got it here .	pos_neg	21038
He quickly added that was a forecast but an opinion .	He quickly added that was not a forecast but an opinion .	pos_neg	21039
I want to stifle it .	I do not want to stifle it .	pos_neg	21040
A spokeswoman for Mr. Peres returned calls for comment .	A spokeswoman for Mr. Peres did not return calls for comment .	pos_neg	21041
A telephone message left at Dyson 's home was immediately returned Sunday .	A telephone message left at Dyson 's home was not immediately returned Sunday .	pos_neg	21042
Her months of research supported Mr. Mullan 's analysis .	Her months of research did not support Mr. Mullan 's analysis .	pos_neg	21043
These groups also note that fingerprinting of foreigners is new here .	These groups also note that fingerprinting of foreigners is not new here .	pos_neg	21044
But that makes aluminum bats more dangerous .	But that does not make aluminum bats more dangerous .	pos_neg	21045
" " It is crazy .	" " It is not crazy .	pos_neg	21046
The report from the Competition Commission is final .	The report from the Competition Commission is not final .	pos_neg	21047
But if so , they are mapped here .	But if so , they are not mapped here .	pos_neg	21048
All of those games were on national television , of course .	All of those games were not on national television , of course .	pos_neg	21049
If the two have ties to terrorist groups , investigators have said .	If the two have ties to terrorist groups , investigators have not said .	pos_neg	21050
It is first come , first served ; reservations are accepted .	It is first come , first served ; reservations are not accepted .	pos_neg	21051
This got a mention .	This did not get a mention .	pos_neg	21052
As often as these things work , they work .	As often as these things work , they do not work .	pos_neg	21053
The crimes appear to be related , they said .	The crimes do not appear to be related , they said .	pos_neg	21054
But we knew .	But we did not know .	pos_neg	21055
But Nye was quite finished .	But Nye was not quite finished .	pos_neg	21056
The paper named its sources .	The paper did not name its sources .	pos_neg	21057
It matters what use the money is put to .	It does not matter what use the money is put to .	pos_neg	21058
We comment .	We do not comment .	pos_neg	21059
Dr Wilson said this was unexpected .	Dr Wilson said this was not unexpected .	pos_neg	21060
We like to see that prevail .	We do not like to see that prevail .	pos_neg	21061
These cases were an aberration .	These cases were not an aberration .	pos_neg	21062
We are going to go away .	We are not going to go away .	pos_neg	21063
IRobot is turning its attention away from task-oriented robots .	IRobot is not turning its attention away from task-oriented robots .	pos_neg	21064
We have good data on all those things .	We do not have good data on all those things .	pos_neg	21065
It was really a debate .	It was not really a debate .	pos_neg	21066
" It is their fault , " said homeowner Lisa Baker .	" It is not their fault , " said homeowner Lisa Baker .	pos_neg	21067
Lorraine was so sure .	Lorraine was not so sure .	pos_neg	21068
What they discovered they liked .	What they discovered they did not like .	pos_neg	21069
It appears , however , that DeGeneres read the small print .	It appears , however , that DeGeneres did not read the small print .	pos_neg	21070
The planet is the only thing heating up because of climate change .	The planet is not the only thing heating up because of climate change .	pos_neg	21071
If you are a revolver , bother with a rewards card .	If you are a revolver , do not bother with a rewards card .	pos_neg	21072
They really did , though it seemed like it .	They really did , though it did not seem like it .	pos_neg	21073
" He seemed very happy , " the source said .	" He did not seem very happy , " the source said .	pos_neg	21074
It has been a cordial contest .	It has not been a cordial contest .	pos_neg	21075
He is above going through other people 's garbage .	He is not above going through other people 's garbage .	pos_neg	21076
Icahn responded Monday to a request for comment .	Icahn did not respond Monday to a request for comment .	pos_neg	21077
I knew there would be all those reaction shots .	I did not know there would be all those reaction shots .	pos_neg	21078
They approved .	They did not approve .	pos_neg	21079
Dick Cheney is invited to the hunt .	Dick Cheney is not invited to the hunt .	pos_neg	21080
, were all aware he was gay .	, were not all aware he was gay .	pos_neg	21081
My G.P.S. budged .	My G.P.S. did not budge .	pos_neg	21082
I am getting at Pete Doherty , per se .	I am not getting at Pete Doherty , per se .	pos_neg	21083
At first , they believe in the fire .	At first , they do not believe in the fire .	pos_neg	21084
He has told them about the jammer .	He has not told them about the jammer .	pos_neg	21085
Republicans , of course , have an exclusive hold on scandal .	Republicans , of course , do not have an exclusive hold on scandal .	pos_neg	21086
Heart Patients ' Guidelines for Having Other Surgery She has .	Heart Patients ' Guidelines for Having Other Surgery She has not .	pos_neg	21087
We knew where he was .	We did not know where he was .	pos_neg	21088
Japanese immigration authorities were immediately available for comment .	Japanese immigration authorities were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	21089
Maybe because the advantage is significant enough .	Maybe because the advantage is not significant enough .	pos_neg	21090
He said he was concerned with his velocity .	He said he was not concerned with his velocity .	pos_neg	21091
" I am a big celebrator , " Joe Paterno said .	" I am not a big celebrator , " Joe Paterno said .	pos_neg	21092
Commentators on the Web were sympathetic .	Commentators on the Web were not sympathetic .	pos_neg	21093
You have to use your ammunition , so I am criticising .	You have to use your ammunition , so I am not criticising .	pos_neg	21094
And it is just a New Jersey effect .	And it is not just a New Jersey effect .	pos_neg	21095
They were popular , self-confident , and I was .	They were popular , self-confident , and I was not .	pos_neg	21096
" We are a dating service , " she says .	" We are not a dating service , " she says .	pos_neg	21097
And last season he was one to tangle with at this oval .	And last season he was not one to tangle with at this oval .	pos_neg	21098
Because if he is re-elected , he is out of business .	Because if he is not re-elected , he is out of business .	pos_neg	21099
But tummy problems stood in the child 's way .	But tummy problems did not stand in the child 's way .	pos_neg	21100
Pain , especially pain that quits , changes a person .	Pain , especially pain that does not quit , changes a person .	pos_neg	21101
You need a Ouija board to know that .	You do not need a Ouija board to know that .	pos_neg	21102
Supporters travel so you are missing that rivalry between fans .	Supporters do not travel so you are missing that rivalry between fans .	pos_neg	21103
That orphanages are optimal for child development comes as no surprise .	That orphanages are not optimal for child development comes as no surprise .	pos_neg	21104
His name was released .	His name was not released .	pos_neg	21105
Neuheisel is evil , merely cunning .	Neuheisel is not evil , merely cunning .	pos_neg	21106
I considered college .	I did not consider college .	pos_neg	21107
In short , Ivorians have the politicians they deserve .	In short , Ivorians do not have the politicians they deserve .	pos_neg	21108
Of course you 'd notice , but it mattered .	Of course you 'd notice , but it did not matter .	pos_neg	21109
SOURCE Tasker Products Corp. ( Unknown ) : That is true .	SOURCE Tasker Products Corp. ( Unknown ) : That is not true .	pos_neg	21110
" " It is just about homes .	" " It is not just about homes .	pos_neg	21111
He is scared one bit , and I like that about him .	He is not scared one bit , and I like that about him .	pos_neg	21112
If he runs for re-election , Republicans almost certainly hold it .	If he does not run for re-election , Republicans almost certainly hold it .	pos_neg	21113
But he was averse to a bit of bluffing .	But he was not averse to a bit of bluffing .	pos_neg	21114
He wants a gastric bypass .	He does not want a gastric bypass .	pos_neg	21115
The size and cost of the planned capacity additions were announced .	The size and cost of the planned capacity additions were not announced .	pos_neg	21116
You have to say I think I can .	You do not have to say I think I can .	pos_neg	21117
We know what the bill does .	We do not know what the bill does .	pos_neg	21118
The putter was good today .	The putter was not good today .	pos_neg	21119
The modern art of finance There is .	The modern art of finance There is not .	pos_neg	21120
It is about compassion , it is about fairness .	It is not about compassion , it is about fairness .	pos_neg	21121
GREENSPAN : Look , the Republican Congress did it .	GREENSPAN : Look , the Republican Congress did not do it .	pos_neg	21122
The car slowed down but stopped , Mr Jones said .	The car slowed down but did not stop , Mr Jones said .	pos_neg	21123
ARNOLD Palmer once said that winning is everything but wanting to was .	ARNOLD Palmer once said that winning is not everything but wanting to was .	pos_neg	21124
God forbid , you say something that is part of the script .	God forbid , you say something that is not part of the script .	pos_neg	21125
I think so ; nobody looks like that .	I do not think so ; nobody looks like that .	pos_neg	21126
Vidal had been supposed to go on first , but had arrived .	Vidal had been supposed to go on first , but had not arrived .	pos_neg	21127
Bulgaria was among the countries invited to join the EU in 2004 .	Bulgaria was not among the countries invited to join the EU in 2004 .	pos_neg	21128
The study looked at weight loss .	The study did not look at weight loss .	pos_neg	21129
" I am sure , " she joked .	" I am not sure , " she joked .	pos_neg	21130
The Lord Jeffs ( 4-4 ) have won at Williams since 1985 .	The Lord Jeffs ( 4-4 ) have not won at Williams since 1985 .	pos_neg	21131
I felt like I mattered in a way that I had before .	I felt like I mattered in a way that I had not before .	pos_neg	21132
There is time to change the way we were playing .	There is not time to change the way we were playing .	pos_neg	21133
Mr. Patterson has said the provision is enforceable .	Mr. Patterson has said the provision is not enforceable .	pos_neg	21134
is peculiar to Anglicanism .	is not peculiar to Anglicanism .	pos_neg	21135
Writers make these things up .	Writers do not make these things up .	pos_neg	21136
However , the latest news suggests this was the case .	However , the latest news suggests this was not the case .	pos_neg	21137
Servidyne , Inc. undertakes to update these forward-looking statements .	Servidyne , Inc. does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements .	pos_neg	21138
People say things they mean .	People say things they do not mean .	pos_neg	21139
De Aar is the only Northern Cape town in alcohol 's grip .	De Aar is not the only Northern Cape town in alcohol 's grip .	pos_neg	21140
And it is behind glass !	And it is not behind glass !	pos_neg	21141
So far the answer is five , but the counting is finished .	So far the answer is five , but the counting is not finished .	pos_neg	21142
But it was the NHL .	But it was not the NHL .	pos_neg	21143
I like to be out there waving flags and fingers .	I do not like to be out there waving flags and fingers .	pos_neg	21144
But those words mollified some Northern Rock customers .	But those words did not mollify some Northern Rock customers .	pos_neg	21145
The Lakers insist Bryant forced out O 'Neal .	The Lakers insist Bryant did not force out O 'Neal .	pos_neg	21146
An Edwards spokeswoman said the criticism was fair .	An Edwards spokeswoman said the criticism was not fair .	pos_neg	21147
He had faced a lineup as powerful as Philadelphia 's .	He had not faced a lineup as powerful as Philadelphia 's .	pos_neg	21148
So his candidate was viable .	So his candidate was not viable .	pos_neg	21149
It was long then .	It was not long then .	pos_neg	21150
We shouldn 't pretend that sex is wonderful and pleasurable .	We shouldn 't pretend that sex is not wonderful and pleasurable .	pos_neg	21151
This problem is going to be solved overnight .	This problem is not going to be solved overnight .	pos_neg	21152
We tested only potato chips , however .	We did not test only potato chips , however .	pos_neg	21153
The dispute is over what they learn , but where .	The dispute is not over what they learn , but where .	pos_neg	21154
But he was really a big fish , this officer said .	But he was not really a big fish , this officer said .	pos_neg	21155
It was immediately clear if he had a lawyer .	It was not immediately clear if he had a lawyer .	pos_neg	21156
It is just alternative people .	It is not just alternative people .	pos_neg	21157
The projection was a surprise .	The projection was not a surprise .	pos_neg	21158
But ' The Ritz ' is like that .	But ' The Ritz ' is not like that .	pos_neg	21159
It provided details on how advanced the alleged plot was .	It did not provide details on how advanced the alleged plot was .	pos_neg	21160
Fisk officials responded to a call seeking comment .	Fisk officials did not respond to a call seeking comment .	pos_neg	21161
Either way , Ms. Storey said , they deserved to die .	Either way , Ms. Storey said , they did not deserve to die .	pos_neg	21162
That is how it is seen now .	That is not how it is seen now .	pos_neg	21163
I know people by that name .	I do not know people by that name .	pos_neg	21164
Jakub Kocman is disputing the decision .	Jakub Kocman is not disputing the decision .	pos_neg	21165
" It is a wig , " says Des .	" It is not a wig , " says Des .	pos_neg	21166
A shame he embraced it more often .	A shame he did not embrace it more often .	pos_neg	21167
The angels are sold .	The angels are not sold .	pos_neg	21168
Lionsgate screened this film in time for review .	Lionsgate did not screen this film in time for review .	pos_neg	21169
The relationship survives .	The relationship does not survive .	pos_neg	21170
But that certainly means that investors should dive right in .	But that certainly does not mean that investors should dive right in .	pos_neg	21171
Rocket science , it is .	Rocket science , it is not .	pos_neg	21172
How to get around it : Consolidation is inevitable .	How to get around it : Consolidation is not inevitable .	pos_neg	21173
" Never invest in something you understand " ( technology ) .	" Never invest in something you do not understand " ( technology ) .	pos_neg	21174
" We like to be displaced , " Dr. Seltzer said .	" We do not like to be displaced , " Dr. Seltzer said .	pos_neg	21175
History is necessarily on his side .	History is not necessarily on his side .	pos_neg	21176
He was seriously hurt .	He was not seriously hurt .	pos_neg	21177
Most humans are truly dispassionate observers .	Most humans are not truly dispassionate observers .	pos_neg	21178
Unfortunately that is going to happen .	Unfortunately that is not going to happen .	pos_neg	21179
If delegates are seated , they cannot cast votes .	If delegates are not seated , they cannot cast votes .	pos_neg	21180
You can suggest pairs of related entries , but it is required .	You can suggest pairs of related entries , but it is not required .	pos_neg	21181
She looked up .	She did not look up .	pos_neg	21182
But maybe it is .	But maybe it is not .	pos_neg	21183
The negativity enters us .	The negativity does not enter us .	pos_neg	21184
But for them , it is about buying things .	But for them , it is not about buying things .	pos_neg	21185
The latter was a new accusation during the 1990s .	The latter was not a new accusation during the 1990s .	pos_neg	21186
Urgency , however , is what most people associate with Howard .	Urgency , however , is not what most people associate with Howard .	pos_neg	21187
But , she attacked Sanchez .	But , she did not attack Sanchez .	pos_neg	21188
There are things we think we know that we know .	There are things we think we know that we do not know .	pos_neg	21189
Evil exists in a vacuum .	Evil does not exist in a vacuum .	pos_neg	21190
He is regarded as a suspect but may hold important information .	He is not regarded as a suspect but may hold important information .	pos_neg	21191
PLEITGEN : Demos Demopoulos says he cares about placing blame .	PLEITGEN : Demos Demopoulos says he does not care about placing blame .	pos_neg	21192
Calls to reps for both Hudson and Wilson were returned .	Calls to reps for both Hudson and Wilson were not returned .	pos_neg	21193
But that has always been easy for them this season .	But that has not always been easy for them this season .	pos_neg	21194
MICHAELS Results lie , unlike language and a priori knowledge .	MICHAELS Results do not lie , unlike language and a priori knowledge .	pos_neg	21195
Sprint Nextel to Introduce the Airave The site sells tickets itself .	Sprint Nextel to Introduce the Airave The site does not sell tickets itself .	pos_neg	21196
So far , however , that proof exists .	So far , however , that proof does not exist .	pos_neg	21197
We want to be a company that is burning through money .	We do not want to be a company that is burning through money .	pos_neg	21198
That is to say that Indian Americans are universally celebrated .	That is not to say that Indian Americans are universally celebrated .	pos_neg	21199
" I want ' The McLaughlin Group .	" I do not want ' The McLaughlin Group .	pos_neg	21200
The Navara is the most sophisticated of vehicles unloaded .	The Navara is not the most sophisticated of vehicles unloaded .	pos_neg	21201
It is the Governments job to bail out these failed organisations .	It is not the Governments job to bail out these failed organisations .	pos_neg	21202
Whoever says that Pakistan is a failed state is delusional .	Whoever says that Pakistan is not a failed state is delusional .	pos_neg	21203
But he was .	But he was not .	pos_neg	21204
Security forces were at the scene but had intervened , ANP said .	Security forces were at the scene but had not intervened , ANP said .	pos_neg	21205
CHENEY : Syria is a country , Tim .	CHENEY : Syria is not a country , Tim .	pos_neg	21206
Thompson is the only Republican giving Iowa short shrift .	Thompson is not the only Republican giving Iowa short shrift .	pos_neg	21207
Consumer demand just is enough !	Consumer demand just is not enough !	pos_neg	21208
Sam Okware said the fever , though deadly , was haemorrhagic .	Sam Okware said the fever , though deadly , was not haemorrhagic .	pos_neg	21209
Then they lost to a free-kick that was a free-kick .	Then they lost to a free-kick that was not a free-kick .	pos_neg	21210
Property fared so well , with nearly 1,600 homes destroyed .	Property did not fare so well , with nearly 1,600 homes destroyed .	pos_neg	21211
They had time to be wrong .	They did not have time to be wrong .	pos_neg	21212
" We know where she is at , " Crutcher said .	" We do not know where she is at , " Crutcher said .	pos_neg	21213
Details of the proposal were released .	Details of the proposal were not released .	pos_neg	21214
Actually , the breakaway speed is what broke the Jets ' will .	Actually , the breakaway speed is not what broke the Jets ' will .	pos_neg	21215
Davis certainly is slowing down .	Davis certainly is not slowing down .	pos_neg	21216
Maryland has an outpatient commitment law .	Maryland does not have an outpatient commitment law .	pos_neg	21217
That is an esthetic judgment .	That is not an esthetic judgment .	pos_neg	21218
It is known if she will appear in person .	It is not known if she will appear in person .	pos_neg	21219
But humble pie just suits this governor .	But humble pie just does not suit this governor .	pos_neg	21220
He speaks .	He does not speak .	pos_neg	21221
However , the triumph was achieved without problems .	However , the triumph was not achieved without problems .	pos_neg	21222
It is good for your teeth , you know , chewing ice .	It is not good for your teeth , you know , chewing ice .	pos_neg	21223
It created an image that lends itself to a dialogue .	It created an image that does not lend itself to a dialogue .	pos_neg	21224
We are animals .	We are not animals .	pos_neg	21225
I threw eggs at my friend 's Range Rover .	I did not throw eggs at my friend 's Range Rover .	pos_neg	21226
Despite their campaign , the sweets are likely to return soon .	Despite their campaign , the sweets are not likely to return soon .	pos_neg	21227
" Your agent is your therapist , " Glink said .	" Your agent is not your therapist , " Glink said .	pos_neg	21228
The van was a police van , an IPCC spokesman said .	The van was not a police van , an IPCC spokesman said .	pos_neg	21229
That was an issue in the first round .	That was not an issue in the first round .	pos_neg	21230
That is the India I know now .	That is not the India I know now .	pos_neg	21231
But he was deterred for long .	But he was not deterred for long .	pos_neg	21232
Adoption of Majority Voting Standard But I tell them that .	Adoption of Majority Voting Standard But I do not tell them that .	pos_neg	21233
I have the soul of a manager .	I do not have the soul of a manager .	pos_neg	21234
I want to overstate the rosiness of this picture .	I do not want to overstate the rosiness of this picture .	pos_neg	21235
Most doormen , however , had applied for their jobs .	Most doormen , however , had not applied for their jobs .	pos_neg	21236
My objection to outing is about the people who are being outed .	My objection to outing is not about the people who are being outed .	pos_neg	21237
Defending champion France competed .	Defending champion France did not compete .	pos_neg	21238
Analysts typically include one-time charges when polled by Thomson .	Analysts typically do not include one-time charges when polled by Thomson .	pos_neg	21239
Such upsets are without precedent .	Such upsets are not without precedent .	pos_neg	21240
The participants followed a specific diet and fitness program .	The participants did not follow a specific diet and fitness program .	pos_neg	21241
One of us interprets that phrase as children are really welcome .	One of us interprets that phrase as children are not really welcome .	pos_neg	21242
That has worked for Europe .	That has not worked for Europe .	pos_neg	21243
And I want to freak out or stress .	And I do not want to freak out or stress .	pos_neg	21244
What Coughlin said Friday was new .	What Coughlin said Friday was not new .	pos_neg	21245
He was identified by police .	He was not identified by police .	pos_neg	21246
Brooklyn on the Beltway it is .	Brooklyn on the Beltway it is not .	pos_neg	21247
Gallo-Chasanoff was so sure .	Gallo-Chasanoff was not so sure .	pos_neg	21248
Lesniak is dismissing Mascara 's song .	Lesniak is not dismissing Mascara 's song .	pos_neg	21249
It is because she is black .	It is not because she is black .	pos_neg	21250
At first , she was sure she would like the job .	At first , she was not sure she would like the job .	pos_neg	21251
Twenty-seven percent of respondents had saved a penny .	Twenty-seven percent of respondents had not saved a penny .	pos_neg	21252
All is rosy for Rudy .	All is not rosy for Rudy .	pos_neg	21253
Some 71 % of misconduct complaints were completed within time targets .	Some 71 % of misconduct complaints were not completed within time targets .	pos_neg	21254
Putting Topps out of business is going to solve that fundamental problem .	Putting Topps out of business is not going to solve that fundamental problem .	pos_neg	21255
Of course we worry about this .	Of course we need not worry about this .	pos_neg	21256
" It is good enough , " AbuZayd said .	" It is not good enough , " AbuZayd said .	pos_neg	21257
" " Just talk for too long !	" " Just do not talk for too long !	pos_neg	21258
We know where it closes .	We do not know where it closes .	pos_neg	21259
" The U.S. is refusing to relinquish custody , " she said .	" The U.S. is not refusing to relinquish custody , " she said .	pos_neg	21260
I want to be too excited .	I do not want to be too excited .	pos_neg	21261
It was her fault .	It was not her fault .	pos_neg	21262
People are always welcoming in such situations .	People are not always welcoming in such situations .	pos_neg	21263
But the Redskins took that approach .	But the Redskins did not take that approach .	pos_neg	21264
Defensive end Michael Strahan bothered to show up for training camp .	Defensive end Michael Strahan did not bother to show up for training camp .	pos_neg	21265
I am that girl .	I am not that girl .	pos_neg	21266
A kiss is just a kiss - except when it is .	A kiss is just a kiss - except when it is not .	pos_neg	21267
But this is sustainable .	But this is not sustainable .	pos_neg	21268
The recent soul-searching is just triggered by remorse .	The recent soul-searching is not just triggered by remorse .	pos_neg	21269
So far , Gore has responded to calls for a debate .	So far , Gore has not responded to calls for a debate .	pos_neg	21270
It is automated and requires a driver .	It is automated and does not require a driver .	pos_neg	21271
Took a grilling And it matters what you call it .	Took a grilling And it does not matter what you call it .	pos_neg	21272
So it is using drugs that we object to .	So it is not using drugs that we object to .	pos_neg	21273
He has talked to reporters since .	He has not talked to reporters since .	pos_neg	21274
His name is on the title or the mortgage .	His name is not on the title or the mortgage .	pos_neg	21275
The bad news is that Pete Carroll is going anywhere at USC .	The bad news is that Pete Carroll is not going anywhere at USC .	pos_neg	21276
She wants to get trapped in the life of the projects .	She does not want to get trapped in the life of the projects .	pos_neg	21277
It turns out that we have a windstorm deductible .	It turns out that we do not have a windstorm deductible .	pos_neg	21278
That is likely , however .	That is not likely , however .	pos_neg	21279
She thought a lot of herself .	She did not think a lot of herself .	pos_neg	21280
We know the extent of damages .	We do not know the extent of damages .	pos_neg	21281
You see , it matters .	You see , it does not matter .	pos_neg	21282
That is good enough .	That is not good enough .	pos_neg	21283
Canada opposed the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and sent troops .	Canada opposed the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and did not send troops .	pos_neg	21284
We weep and grieve , of course , but we are paralyzed .	We weep and grieve , of course , but we are not paralyzed .	pos_neg	21285
Details of the contract were disclosed .	Details of the contract were not disclosed .	pos_neg	21286
But one problem the Treasury has addressed is conflict over Defra funds .	But one problem the Treasury has not addressed is conflict over Defra funds .	pos_neg	21287
It is because an agency cannot come up with something great .	It is not because an agency cannot come up with something great .	pos_neg	21288
That evidence was introduced at trial .	That evidence was not introduced at trial .	pos_neg	21289
She was complaining , though .	She was not complaining , though .	pos_neg	21290
" This is my money , " he said .	" This is not my money , " he said .	pos_neg	21291
She remembers thinking : I am so surprised Darren has called me .	She remembers thinking : I am so surprised Darren has not called me .	pos_neg	21292
Those urns are allowed through the checkpoint , the statement said .	Those urns are not allowed through the checkpoint , the statement said .	pos_neg	21293
But that happened .	But that did not happen .	pos_neg	21294
Calls seeking comment from Citi and Northern Rock were immediately returned .	Calls seeking comment from Citi and Northern Rock were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	21295
It is a crime .	It is not a crime .	pos_neg	21296
" I have made up my mind , " said Del .	" I have not made up my mind , " said Del .	pos_neg	21297
Connecticut Midday 4 - 5691 They got another upset early today .	Connecticut Midday 4 - 5691 They did not get another upset early today .	pos_neg	21298
But it is always easy to find places to be active .	But it is not always easy to find places to be active .	pos_neg	21299
Vision was calling to May .	Vision was not calling to May .	pos_neg	21300
And I was pleased he guffawed at the dirty words .	And I was pleased he did not guffaw at the dirty words .	pos_neg	21301
Jenna Bush blinked .	Jenna Bush did not blink .	pos_neg	21302
Maybe she was as match-tested as she really needed to be .	Maybe she was not as match-tested as she really needed to be .	pos_neg	21303
Calls for comment last night at NBC were immediately returned .	Calls for comment last night at NBC were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	21304
Girardi keeps it at intense ; maniacal is in his playbook .	Girardi keeps it at intense ; maniacal is not in his playbook .	pos_neg	21305
Iowa is a poor state .	Iowa is not a poor state .	pos_neg	21306
It is always necessarily a matter of choice .	It is not always necessarily a matter of choice .	pos_neg	21307
" " We are trying to make a great architectural statement .	" " We are not trying to make a great architectural statement .	pos_neg	21308
It is to make sure this behavior happens again .	It is to make sure this behavior does not happen again .	pos_neg	21309
Being a widow is helped by also being old .	Being a widow is not helped by also being old .	pos_neg	21310
There was immediate information about damage .	There was not immediate information about damage .	pos_neg	21311
But those under his command are .	But those under his command are not .	pos_neg	21312
They want the slightest change .	They do not want the slightest change .	pos_neg	21313
I knew Ed Oakley was gay .	I did not know Ed Oakley was gay .	pos_neg	21314
But in this instance , Brolin has been talking about Hollywood survival .	But in this instance , Brolin has not been talking about Hollywood survival .	pos_neg	21315
It is known what caused the explosion .	It is not known what caused the explosion .	pos_neg	21316
So it is either a cultural mainstay or it is .	So it is either a cultural mainstay or it is not .	pos_neg	21317
It is an unvarnished collection of ostentatiously personal confessions .	It is not an unvarnished collection of ostentatiously personal confessions .	pos_neg	21318
It is a playground .	It is not a playground .	pos_neg	21319
Galanter addressed the obstruction-of-justice charge in his statement .	Galanter did not address the obstruction-of-justice charge in his statement .	pos_neg	21320
It has worked out as we had hoped .	It has not worked out as we had hoped .	pos_neg	21321
Mr. Minor was as lucky .	Mr. Minor was not as lucky .	pos_neg	21322
I was schooled .	I was not schooled .	pos_neg	21323
Experience shows they are .	Experience shows they are not .	pos_neg	21324
I usually forget about it or decide it is needed .	I usually forget about it or decide it is not needed .	pos_neg	21325
But this was always the case .	But this was not always the case .	pos_neg	21326
Some 19 % said they knew .	Some 19 % said they did not know .	pos_neg	21327
" " We tell people who they can cohabit with .	" " We do not tell people who they can cohabit with .	pos_neg	21328
He is experienced in national security issues .	He is not experienced in national security issues .	pos_neg	21329
VAUSE : An allegation China 's Africa envoy denied .	VAUSE : An allegation China 's Africa envoy did not deny .	pos_neg	21330
We had a natural campaign in place .	We did not have a natural campaign in place .	pos_neg	21331
She blamed the government of President Pervez Musharraf .	She did not blame the government of President Pervez Musharraf .	pos_neg	21332
I got the ball back .	I did not get the ball back .	pos_neg	21333
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - He is exactly a movie star .	LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - He is not exactly a movie star .	pos_neg	21334
He named the groups .	He did not name the groups .	pos_neg	21335
Jordan is personally responsible for the payment .	Jordan is not personally responsible for the payment .	pos_neg	21336
Again , his sinkers were sinking .	Again , his sinkers were not sinking .	pos_neg	21337
" It is a dirty place , " said Farley .	" It is not a dirty place , " said Farley .	pos_neg	21338
Expenses relating solely to your personal use are deductible .	Expenses relating solely to your personal use are not deductible .	pos_neg	21339
And such charges are unusual in this little world .	And such charges are not unusual in this little world .	pos_neg	21340
It was a rock-and-roll moment , but it was very sweet .	It was not a rock-and-roll moment , but it was very sweet .	pos_neg	21341
Molinaro knew how many passengers were on the planes .	Molinaro did not know how many passengers were on the planes .	pos_neg	21342
We ended up with a good score but won the event .	We ended up with a good score but did not win the event .	pos_neg	21343
Buy jewelry for young children .	Do not buy jewelry for young children .	pos_neg	21344
We cannot analyze what is visible .	We cannot analyze what is not visible .	pos_neg	21345
They were dreaming of a white Christmas last week in the Senate .	They were not dreaming of a white Christmas last week in the Senate .	pos_neg	21346
They dress the same way .	They do not dress the same way .	pos_neg	21347
That just came to pass .	That just did not come to pass .	pos_neg	21348
They ask for donations .	They do not ask for donations .	pos_neg	21349
New Hampshire Getting there : International airfare is included .	New Hampshire Getting there : International airfare is not included .	pos_neg	21350
Once elected , Obama forced the issue in the Senate .	Once elected , Obama did not force the issue in the Senate .	pos_neg	21351
Devon had made that cut .	Devon had not made that cut .	pos_neg	21352
We need anywhere near that many troops for that purpose .	We do not need anywhere near that many troops for that purpose .	pos_neg	21353
He is alone at UVA .	He is not alone at UVA .	pos_neg	21354
Other terms of the transaction were disclosed .	Other terms of the transaction were not disclosed .	pos_neg	21355
Being a monk is necessarily a lifelong commitment .	Being a monk is not necessarily a lifelong commitment .	pos_neg	21356
The dead man 's name has been released .	The dead man 's name has not been released .	pos_neg	21357
Children apparently count as human beings in this cleric 's world .	Children apparently do not count as human beings in this cleric 's world .	pos_neg	21358
This inquest has been without its moments , I admit .	This inquest has not been without its moments , I admit .	pos_neg	21359
But Eritreans have seen a ballot box for years .	But Eritreans have not seen a ballot box for years .	pos_neg	21360
Bhutto 's motivations for returning were just political .	Bhutto 's motivations for returning were not just political .	pos_neg	21361
NASA delays spacewalk until Saturday He hesitated in naming Scott .	NASA delays spacewalk until Saturday He did not hesitate in naming Scott .	pos_neg	21362
Thankfully , that is the case .	Thankfully , that is not the case .	pos_neg	21363
Khadr entered a plea , and no trial date was set .	Khadr did not enter a plea , and no trial date was set .	pos_neg	21364
Some of the edicts I agree with .	Some of the edicts I do not agree with .	pos_neg	21365
" They simply care , " he told Army Radio .	" They simply do not care , " he told Army Radio .	pos_neg	21366
It is an uncommon sentiment on Philly 's mean streets .	It is not an uncommon sentiment on Philly 's mean streets .	pos_neg	21367
WALLACE : Well , no , I said down again .	WALLACE : Well , no , I did not say down again .	pos_neg	21368
Tulowitzki 's anger at Upton was for taking out Matsui .	Tulowitzki 's anger at Upton was not for taking out Matsui .	pos_neg	21369
I want my mom to see it .	I do not want my mom to see it .	pos_neg	21370
He has a spouse who was president .	He does not have a spouse who was president .	pos_neg	21371
Brooks Brothers tailors the revolution .	Brooks Brothers does not tailor the revolution .	pos_neg	21372
Students of exceptional talent are developed by chance .	Students of exceptional talent are not developed by chance .	pos_neg	21373
But he was pounding at my door .	But he was not pounding at my door .	pos_neg	21374
But we are from here .	But we are not from here .	pos_neg	21375
" " That is good .	" " That is not good .	pos_neg	21376
He has been back to the end zone since .	He has not been back to the end zone since .	pos_neg	21377
" " My guys have told me they need it .	" " My guys have told me they do not need it .	pos_neg	21378
The United States and Cuba have full diplomatic relations .	The United States and Cuba do not have full diplomatic relations .	pos_neg	21379
It used to happen in England .	It did not use to happen in England .	pos_neg	21380
But she is in the right mindset .	But she is not in the right mindset .	pos_neg	21381
It took long for violence to erupt .	It did not take long for violence to erupt .	pos_neg	21382
That is why I am here .	That is not why I am here .	pos_neg	21383
Orbitz is the only travel service delving into social networking .	Orbitz is not the only travel service delving into social networking .	pos_neg	21384
Many others are so well known .	Many others are not so well known .	pos_neg	21385
It is just pregnancy , though .	It is not just pregnancy , though .	pos_neg	21386
There are many public transport facilities .	There are not many public transport facilities .	pos_neg	21387
Bear disclosed the size of the hit its investment portfolio took .	Bear did not disclose the size of the hit its investment portfolio took .	pos_neg	21388
This is Russia !	This is not Russia !	pos_neg	21389
They are useless , entirely .	They are not useless , entirely .	pos_neg	21390
The seriousness of his injury was immediately known .	The seriousness of his injury was not immediately known .	pos_neg	21391
It has built a dry-bulk vessel for four years .	It has not built a dry-bulk vessel for four years .	pos_neg	21392
Iran recognises Israel .	Iran does not recognise Israel .	pos_neg	21393
The reality , however , is clear-cut .	The reality , however , is not clear-cut .	pos_neg	21394
Iran has helped .	Iran has not helped .	pos_neg	21395
I know if he is under pressure .	I do not know if he is under pressure .	pos_neg	21396
I am going to make that this year .	I am not going to make that this year .	pos_neg	21397
" Modernity is contradictory with a Muslim identity , " he said .	" Modernity is not contradictory with a Muslim identity , " he said .	pos_neg	21398
Maybe it is so easy to improve recommendation software after all .	Maybe it is not so easy to improve recommendation software after all .	pos_neg	21399
Bhutto has said whether her Pakistan Peoples Party would join the boycott .	Bhutto has not said whether her Pakistan Peoples Party would join the boycott .	pos_neg	21400
Reports Annual Results for Fiscal Year 2007 I am so sure .	Reports Annual Results for Fiscal Year 2007 I am not so sure .	pos_neg	21401
But it was her landlord or a maintenance man .	But it was not her landlord or a maintenance man .	pos_neg	21402
Then again , I am a 13-year-old girl .	Then again , I am not a 13-year-old girl .	pos_neg	21403
In this country the accepted NHS procedure is to do so .	In this country the accepted NHS procedure is not to do so .	pos_neg	21404
The Taliban has retaken Kabul .	The Taliban has not retaken Kabul .	pos_neg	21405
But that is going to be easy .	But that is not going to be easy .	pos_neg	21406
I know precisely what you are referring to .	I do not know precisely what you are referring to .	pos_neg	21407
Avery went to the dressing room and returned .	Avery went to the dressing room and did not return .	pos_neg	21408
They know what they are talking about .	They do not know what they are talking about .	pos_neg	21409
That is the piece of the puzzle that fits .	That is the piece of the puzzle that does not fit .	pos_neg	21410
Short-term fixes solve the long-term dilemma , though .	Short-term fixes do not solve the long-term dilemma , though .	pos_neg	21411
The names of the dead and injured were immediately released .	The names of the dead and injured were not immediately released .	pos_neg	21412
I do that , no .	I do not do that , no .	pos_neg	21413
We thought it worked , but now I am so sure .	We thought it worked , but now I am not so sure .	pos_neg	21414
That is for an appointment .	That is not for an appointment .	pos_neg	21415
The bad guys have guessed that Green and Grusinsky are family .	The bad guys have not guessed that Green and Grusinsky are family .	pos_neg	21416
The problem , of course , was confined to athletes .	The problem , of course , was not confined to athletes .	pos_neg	21417
They are being delivered at the moment .	They are not being delivered at the moment .	pos_neg	21418
The 914 is for everyone 's taste .	The 914 is not for everyone 's taste .	pos_neg	21419
I like the fact that sometimes she is bothering me .	I like the fact that sometimes she is not bothering me .	pos_neg	21420
They definitely feel a little better , but I have been hit .	They definitely feel a little better , but I have not been hit .	pos_neg	21421
Condolences are enough .	Condolences are not enough .	pos_neg	21422
The plugs seemed to irritate the dogs .	The plugs did not seem to irritate the dogs .	pos_neg	21423
He elaborated further on the charges .	He did not elaborate further on the charges .	pos_neg	21424
It was clear who carried out the attack .	It was not clear who carried out the attack .	pos_neg	21425
That means she cannot relate to her younger competitors .	That does not mean she cannot relate to her younger competitors .	pos_neg	21426
It is a dog , as they say , that hunts .	It is a dog , as they say , that does not hunt .	pos_neg	21427
But she sees me .	But she does not see me .	pos_neg	21428
Her interest is your interest because she is for sale .	Her interest is your interest because she is not for sale .	pos_neg	21429
" For me , it is worth it , " she said .	" For me , it is not worth it , " she said .	pos_neg	21430
But that is up to me .	But that is not up to me .	pos_neg	21431
So great Guinness advertising equaled great Guinness sales .	So great Guinness advertising did not equal great Guinness sales .	pos_neg	21432
But pinching is enough unless you want large numbers of small flowers .	But pinching is not enough unless you want large numbers of small flowers .	pos_neg	21433
Pete Bils attended .	Pete Bils did not attend .	pos_neg	21434
" We are interested in people , " he said .	" We are not interested in people , " he said .	pos_neg	21435
They are telling you that cap-and-trade is essentially a tax package .	They are not telling you that cap-and-trade is essentially a tax package .	pos_neg	21436
He said who he thought was manipulating them .	He did not say who he thought was manipulating them .	pos_neg	21437
'Hunkered down' We are sport .	'Hunkered down' We are not sport .	pos_neg	21438
Retailbox 's Dutch investors were charged the tax .	Retailbox 's Dutch investors were not charged the tax .	pos_neg	21439
The situation at Staunton River High was an isolated incident .	The situation at Staunton River High was not an isolated incident .	pos_neg	21440
But Ericsson is alone with its problems .	But Ericsson is not alone with its problems .	pos_neg	21441
Marion is a bad person .	Marion is not a bad person .	pos_neg	21442
And they are coming back .	And they are not coming back .	pos_neg	21443
It was know what the pair was fighting about .	It was not know what the pair was fighting about .	pos_neg	21444
Because we want people to die .	Because we do not want people to die .	pos_neg	21445
Torre shut the door on managing again .	Torre did not shut the door on managing again .	pos_neg	21446
Please answer that .	Please do not answer that .	pos_neg	21447
But it is only the carmakers talking about climate change .	But it is not only the carmakers talking about climate change .	pos_neg	21448
That is how Laurie tells it .	That is not how Laurie tells it .	pos_neg	21449
But Monoprix attended the Ethical Fashion Show .	But Monoprix did not attend the Ethical Fashion Show .	pos_neg	21450
Portsmouth 's record had lied , however .	Portsmouth 's record had not lied , however .	pos_neg	21451
About RealAge.com That was to be the case .	About RealAge.com That was not to be the case .	pos_neg	21452
A sale of Volvo has been ruled out , Mulally indicated .	A sale of Volvo has not been ruled out , Mulally indicated .	pos_neg	21453
It is known which directives the singer has failed to comply with .	It is not known which directives the singer has failed to comply with .	pos_neg	21454
Remember : The best price is always listed first .	Remember : The best price is not always listed first .	pos_neg	21455
I regret to say that Federal Reserve independence is set in stone .	I regret to say that Federal Reserve independence is not set in stone .	pos_neg	21456
Officials at Apple were available for comment .	Officials at Apple were not available for comment .	pos_neg	21457
But banks answer to their shareholders alone .	But banks do not answer to their shareholders alone .	pos_neg	21458
I am sure it can change .	I am not sure it can change .	pos_neg	21459
Collingwood said this , however .	Collingwood did not say this , however .	pos_neg	21460
And it is just Carlsberg that wants it .	And it is not just Carlsberg that wants it .	pos_neg	21461
Mr. Fagin returned a call to his office .	Mr. Fagin did not return a call to his office .	pos_neg	21462
Your emotions change overnight .	Your emotions do not change overnight .	pos_neg	21463
She said she wanted the father to know about the child .	She said she did not want the father to know about the child .	pos_neg	21464
He Also said That The Un Award Was The Goal .	He Also said That The Un Award Was not The Goal .	pos_neg	21465
But it takes a lot to lower one 's score .	But it does not take a lot to lower one 's score .	pos_neg	21466
I know where the locals get their provisions from .	I do not know where the locals get their provisions from .	pos_neg	21467
This is boxing .	This is not boxing .	pos_neg	21468
It was Oompa-loompas or fairies or bike elves .	It was not Oompa-loompas or fairies or bike elves .	pos_neg	21469
But that is how the system works .	But that is not how the system works .	pos_neg	21470
Getting there , though , was without its challenges .	Getting there , though , was not without its challenges .	pos_neg	21471
Turner needed to motivate this group of players .	Turner did not need to motivate this group of players .	pos_neg	21472
She said Nord 's husband attended .	She said Nord 's husband did not attend .	pos_neg	21473
... And yes , I know the world revolves around me .	... And yes , I know the world does not revolve around me .	pos_neg	21474
Oh there is so much more that makes sense .	Oh there is so much more that does not make sense .	pos_neg	21475
Federal judges have received a substantial pay raise in nearly two decades .	Federal judges have not received a substantial pay raise in nearly two decades .	pos_neg	21476
You look like one .	You do not look like one .	pos_neg	21477
HE ALREADY had the numbers , but that was enough .	HE ALREADY had the numbers , but that was not enough .	pos_neg	21478
Which is to say that UNEP has been without successes .	Which is not to say that UNEP has been without successes .	pos_neg	21479
Justice was served .	Justice was not served .	pos_neg	21480
She is the only one to consider him ill-qualified .	She is not the only one to consider him ill-qualified .	pos_neg	21481
Craig consulted with a lawyer or appear in court .	Craig did not consult with a lawyer or appear in court .	pos_neg	21482
The experience is unique , according to the GAO .	The experience is not unique , according to the GAO .	pos_neg	21483
People seemed to know who I was .	People did not seem to know who I was .	pos_neg	21484
A : First , I said it .	A : First , I did not say it .	pos_neg	21485
They just wanted the phone .	They just did not want the phone .	pos_neg	21486
Francis believes that his product should necessarily be considered porn .	Francis does not believe that his product should necessarily be considered porn .	pos_neg	21487
I think it is all his fault .	I do not think it is all his fault .	pos_neg	21488
He was specific about what he meant .	He was not specific about what he meant .	pos_neg	21489
Sidney Crosby has plans to become a tough guy .	Sidney Crosby does not have plans to become a tough guy .	pos_neg	21490
Michael Matthews was drafted in April .	Michael Matthews was not drafted in April .	pos_neg	21491
And Tesco on the Saturday before Christmas was fun .	And Tesco on the Saturday before Christmas was not fun .	pos_neg	21492
A Washington Post reporter attended the conference .	A Washington Post reporter did not attend the conference .	pos_neg	21493
It was a country under enemy siege .	It was not a country under enemy siege .	pos_neg	21494
Rockets G Steve Francis was with the team because of the flu .	Rockets G Steve Francis was not with the team because of the flu .	pos_neg	21495
The department defined those circumstances .	The department did not define those circumstances .	pos_neg	21496
Manny Ramirez is paid to talk .	Manny Ramirez is not paid to talk .	pos_neg	21497
I care about 100 R.B.I. ' s .	I do not care about 100 R.B.I. ' s .	pos_neg	21498
It calls for lifetime denial of access to the Olympics .	It does not call for lifetime denial of access to the Olympics .	pos_neg	21499
It was about what I wanted .	It was not about what I wanted .	pos_neg	21500
I mean , mentally I had to have it .	I mean , mentally I did not have to have it .	pos_neg	21501
That is subprime , but their credit guidelines are relaxed .	That is not subprime , but their credit guidelines are relaxed .	pos_neg	21502
In fact , she said , it is essential .	In fact , she said , it is not essential .	pos_neg	21503
The Clinton campaign provided comment to the paper .	The Clinton campaign did not provide comment to the paper .	pos_neg	21504
It is only breathtakingly banal , stupid and subjective .	It is not only breathtakingly banal , stupid and subjective .	pos_neg	21505
He stayed away for long .	He did not stay away for long .	pos_neg	21506
The insurers cover flood damage , and their policies say so .	The insurers do not cover flood damage , and their policies say so .	pos_neg	21507
Lantos , usually a mild questioner , was finished .	Lantos , usually a mild questioner , was not finished .	pos_neg	21508
The labels respond .	The labels do not respond .	pos_neg	21509
Such remarks are merely offensive , they are scientifically weird .	Such remarks are not merely offensive , they are scientifically weird .	pos_neg	21510
'Cause if you laugh , you are going to cry .	'Cause if you do not laugh , you are going to cry .	pos_neg	21511
Backstreet 's Back With Britney She had a deal with prosecutors .	Backstreet 's Back With Britney She did not have a deal with prosecutors .	pos_neg	21512
That is to detract from County 's efforts .	That is not to detract from County 's efforts .	pos_neg	21513
The filing indicated what the new offer was .	The filing did not indicate what the new offer was .	pos_neg	21514
I have worked there in an awful long time .	I have not worked there in an awful long time .	pos_neg	21515
The purchase price of the three acquisitions was disclosed .	The purchase price of the three acquisitions was not disclosed .	pos_neg	21516
They fulfiled their promises .	They did not fulfill their promises .	pos_neg	21517
, who sounds on the phone like he is kidding .	, who sounds on the phone like he is not kidding .	pos_neg	21518
Britain is a police state but a nation with police state tendencies .	Britain is not a police state but a nation with police state tendencies .	pos_neg	21519
A private autopsy paid for by her family has been completed .	A private autopsy paid for by her family has not been completed .	pos_neg	21520
I would accept , if I were late for my appointment already .	I would accept , if I were not late for my appointment already .	pos_neg	21521
" I know how to explain it , " she said .	" I do not know how to explain it , " she said .	pos_neg	21522
But for all their prescience the catastrophe was avoided .	But for all their prescience the catastrophe was not avoided .	pos_neg	21523
You are deadened to the world .	You are not deadened to the world .	pos_neg	21524
The truck has been found , Urquhart said .	The truck has not been found , Urquhart said .	pos_neg	21525
I knew what to think really .	I did not know what to think really .	pos_neg	21526
Prior periods were restated .	Prior periods were not restated .	pos_neg	21527
The cause of the fire has been determined .	The cause of the fire has not been determined .	pos_neg	21528
But it knew if the sentence had been carried out .	But it did not know if the sentence had been carried out .	pos_neg	21529
That the decline of our society is inevitable .	That the decline of our society is not inevitable .	pos_neg	21530
The neighbors who saved him knew his name .	The neighbors who saved him did not know his name .	pos_neg	21531
ANSWER : The honest answer here is that we know .	ANSWER : The honest answer here is that we do not know .	pos_neg	21532
Remember , you are a doctor .	Remember , you are not a doctor .	pos_neg	21533
We believe it is a body .	We do not believe it is a body .	pos_neg	21534
Bin Laden warns Iraqi Sunnis 8 Tandridge We were .	Bin Laden warns Iraqi Sunnis 8 Tandridge We were not .	pos_neg	21535
Being single is synonymous with being mentally impaired .	Being single is not synonymous with being mentally impaired .	pos_neg	21536
The stereotype is appealing and undermines Hillary 's candidacy .	The stereotype is not appealing and undermines Hillary 's candidacy .	pos_neg	21537
Some experts buy the method .	Some experts do not buy the method .	pos_neg	21538
This area is for the faint-hearted .	This area is not for the faint-hearted .	pos_neg	21539
The names of the suppliers were released .	The names of the suppliers were not released .	pos_neg	21540
But that is all he is done .	But that is not all he is done .	pos_neg	21541
Matsushita gave a quarterly breakdown for the costs .	Matsushita did not give a quarterly breakdown for the costs .	pos_neg	21542
I think there will be a short resolution .	I do not think there will be a short resolution .	pos_neg	21543
I am gonna fight you .	I am not gonna fight you .	pos_neg	21544
I worry about it .	I do not worry about it .	pos_neg	21545
" We dress it up , " he told me .	" We do not dress it up , " he told me .	pos_neg	21546
Henner 's painting has survived .	Henner 's painting has not survived .	pos_neg	21547
And French Laundry is the only hard-to-crack hot spot .	And French Laundry is not the only hard-to-crack hot spot .	pos_neg	21548
I am surprised it is in there already .	I am surprised it is not in there already .	pos_neg	21549
And the image of those shrimp helped .	And the image of those shrimp did not help .	pos_neg	21550
This gracelessness was an isolated incident .	This gracelessness was not an isolated incident .	pos_neg	21551
" Snakes were my favorite , " Ms. Tiven declared .	" Snakes were not my favorite , " Ms. Tiven declared .	pos_neg	21552
That attitude has fazed the Hollywood Prayer Network .	That attitude has not fazed the Hollywood Prayer Network .	pos_neg	21553
The charges were taken lightly by Rice 's spokesman .	The charges were not taken lightly by Rice 's spokesman .	pos_neg	21554
The CPSC said yesterday it regulates that fireworks entity .	The CPSC said yesterday it does not regulate that fireworks entity .	pos_neg	21555
They care what the situation is like .	They do not care what the situation is like .	pos_neg	21556
But the scale approached Google .	But the scale did not approach Google .	pos_neg	21557
She is somebody I would want to tangle with .	She is not somebody I would want to tangle with .	pos_neg	21558
It is difficult .	It is not difficult .	pos_neg	21559
Having myriad partners is the only challenge and opportunity for the developer .	Having myriad partners is not the only challenge and opportunity for the developer .	pos_neg	21560
They mean to harm us .	They do not mean to harm us .	pos_neg	21561
Brenden from Livonia MI Global warming is man-made .	Brenden from Livonia MI Global warming is not man-made .	pos_neg	21562
The Neanderthal coach is extinct .	The Neanderthal coach is not extinct .	pos_neg	21563
Collins has played in the Knicks ' first two games .	Collins has not played in the Knicks ' first two games .	pos_neg	21564
That happens often in Antarctica .	That does not happen often in Antarctica .	pos_neg	21565
" " We have a timetable .	" " We do not have a timetable .	pos_neg	21566
Reuben-Cooke returned phone calls or an e-mail seeking comment .	Reuben-Cooke did not return phone calls or an e-mail seeking comment .	pos_neg	21567
But somehow , that works as an explanation .	But somehow , that does not work as an explanation .	pos_neg	21568
The slain youth 's name was released .	The slain youth 's name was not released .	pos_neg	21569
Roma has a 3-0 record and has allowed a goal .	Roma has a 3-0 record and has not allowed a goal .	pos_neg	21570
The families are uniform in their beliefs , however .	The families are not uniform in their beliefs , however .	pos_neg	21571
I am a purist .	I am not a purist .	pos_neg	21572
The May 1972 assassination attempt on George Wallace certainly helped .	The May 1972 assassination attempt on George Wallace certainly did not help .	pos_neg	21573
The Spanish delegation was impressed .	The Spanish delegation was not impressed .	pos_neg	21574
After that I stayed more than 24 hours in one place .	After that I did not stay more than 24 hours in one place .	pos_neg	21575
However , it has been backed up by adequate resources and support .	However , it has not been backed up by adequate resources and support .	pos_neg	21576
They knew that they have guns and cannot beat the army .	They knew that they do not have guns and cannot beat the army .	pos_neg	21577
Schlesinger confesses he knows what Gore is talking about .	Schlesinger confesses he does not know what Gore is talking about .	pos_neg	21578
But Norris is sure the targeting is necessary .	But Norris is not sure the targeting is necessary .	pos_neg	21579
The F.D.A. ' s expert adviser said that was nearly enough .	The F.D.A. ' s expert adviser said that was not nearly enough .	pos_neg	21580
As so often , however , hasty decisions are the best ones .	As so often , however , hasty decisions are not the best ones .	pos_neg	21581
But then Budgens , in Newent , is a typical supermarket .	But then Budgens , in Newent , is not a typical supermarket .	pos_neg	21582
Visit timewarnercable.com / nynj The interpreter bothers to translate .	Visit timewarnercable.com / nynj The interpreter does not bother to translate .	pos_neg	21583
The Mustangs have been to a bowl game since 1984 .	The Mustangs have not been to a bowl game since 1984 .	pos_neg	21584
It turns out I am alone in those kinds of feelings .	It turns out I am not alone in those kinds of feelings .	pos_neg	21585
A call to the actress ' publicist was immediately returned .	A call to the actress ' publicist was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	21586
An attorney for the couple said the incident was an exorcism .	An attorney for the couple said the incident was not an exorcism .	pos_neg	21587
Colligan gave a timeline for a new Foleo .	Colligan did not give a timeline for a new Foleo .	pos_neg	21588
Rushes-yards 44-136 36-151 It just means I am bright enough .	Rushes-yards 44-136 36-151 It just means I am not bright enough .	pos_neg	21589
But air defenses have been compromised , Strickler said .	But air defenses have not been compromised , Strickler said .	pos_neg	21590
But frankly he is going to be very visible on it .	But frankly he is not going to be very visible on it .	pos_neg	21591
The hospital has reopened .	The hospital has not reopened .	pos_neg	21592
She told me she had wanted to come back to Bilawal House .	She told me she had not wanted to come back to Bilawal House .	pos_neg	21593
I am stepping down .	I am not stepping down .	pos_neg	21594
Two wrongs make one civil right .	Two wrongs do not make one civil right .	pos_neg	21595
Their views were scientific , they said , just gut feelings .	Their views were not scientific , they said , just gut feelings .	pos_neg	21596
But attempts to clone the Albany project have gone well elsewhere .	But attempts to clone the Albany project have not gone well elsewhere .	pos_neg	21597
Manning practiced Wednesday .	Manning did not practice Wednesday .	pos_neg	21598
Boulders bid to halt illegal camp Such concerns were unfounded .	Boulders bid to halt illegal camp Such concerns were not unfounded .	pos_neg	21599
They see it as a vital economic activity .	They do not see it as a vital economic activity .	pos_neg	21600
The Cowboys looked ready for the intense defense Marquette used .	The Cowboys did not look ready for the intense defense Marquette used .	pos_neg	21601
Calls to the State Liquor Authority and to Duvet were returned .	Calls to the State Liquor Authority and to Duvet were not returned .	pos_neg	21602
Others have experienced such robust growth , though .	Others have not experienced such robust growth , though .	pos_neg	21603
That happened immediately .	That did not happen immediately .	pos_neg	21604
Traffic clogged streets that had been affected by the floods .	Traffic clogged streets that had not been affected by the floods .	pos_neg	21605
Moller is dismayed by the lack of interest at home .	Moller is not dismayed by the lack of interest at home .	pos_neg	21606
St. Louis has scored a touchdown in last eight quarters .	St. Louis has not scored a touchdown in last eight quarters .	pos_neg	21607
It is really a superstition .	It is not really a superstition .	pos_neg	21608
He said Ms. Bhutto was under house arrest .	He said Ms. Bhutto was not under house arrest .	pos_neg	21609
You lie to the feds .	You do not lie to the feds .	pos_neg	21610
" " Unfortunately though , since my departure things have continued .	" " Unfortunately though , since my departure things have not continued .	pos_neg	21611
He was seriously injured .	He was not seriously injured .	pos_neg	21612
It is about changing club rugby or what makes it great .	It is not about changing club rugby or what makes it great .	pos_neg	21613
Now she wants their daughters sleeping at his house .	Now she does not want their daughters sleeping at his house .	pos_neg	21614
If you maintain a proper diet your muscles get more stressed .	If you do not maintain a proper diet your muscles get more stressed .	pos_neg	21615
If you cut data , it bleeds .	If you cut data , it does not bleed .	pos_neg	21616
We want that kind of activity in our village again .	We do not want that kind of activity in our village again .	pos_neg	21617
Gibbs and the old guard get the most credit .	Gibbs and the old guard do not get the most credit .	pos_neg	21618
The end result , of course , changed .	The end result , of course , did not change .	pos_neg	21619
Allen is without challenges , though .	Allen is not without challenges , though .	pos_neg	21620
So my boss knows .	So my boss does not know .	pos_neg	21621
That is the way democracy works .	That is not the way democracy works .	pos_neg	21622
And they seemingly are part of the plan from the Treasury .	And they seemingly are not part of the plan from the Treasury .	pos_neg	21623
The Electoral Commission acknowledged that some voter lists had been delivered .	The Electoral Commission acknowledged that some voter lists had not been delivered .	pos_neg	21624
We will work hard for that - after that I know .	We will work hard for that - after that I do not know .	pos_neg	21625
Cosmic factories produce rubies , sapphires And it is just mommies .	Cosmic factories produce rubies , sapphires And it is not just mommies .	pos_neg	21626
That means Israel is backing away from GPS-guided weapons .	That does not mean Israel is backing away from GPS-guided weapons .	pos_neg	21627
I was no thinner then , only more stationary in the flesh .	I was not no thinner then , only more stationary in the flesh .	pos_neg	21628
Osgood was busy early but was tested often in the third period .	Osgood was not busy early but was tested often in the third period .	pos_neg	21629
This is a bailout , exactly .	This is not a bailout , exactly .	pos_neg	21630
" " But I always tell them , it is a guarantee .	" " But I always tell them , it is not a guarantee .	pos_neg	21631
" You 're snitching , " he assured potential tipsters .	" You 're not snitching , " he assured potential tipsters .	pos_neg	21632
But Minaya guaranteed Randolph 's return next season .	But Minaya did not guarantee Randolph 's return next season .	pos_neg	21633
Two members are seeking reelection .	Two members are not seeking reelection .	pos_neg	21634
It was the last time Baker would turn to Thompson .	It was not the last time Baker would turn to Thompson .	pos_neg	21635
Authorities said it appeared to be an act of terrorism .	Authorities said it did not appear to be an act of terrorism .	pos_neg	21636
I think I have been depressed .	I do not think I have been depressed .	pos_neg	21637
I am sure I want to know .	I am not sure I want to know .	pos_neg	21638
The station returned a telephone message seeking comment .	The station did not return a telephone message seeking comment .	pos_neg	21639
The lady 's for turning !	The lady 's not for turning !	pos_neg	21640
Douglas ignored the letter and went to the funeral .	Douglas ignored the letter and did not go to the funeral .	pos_neg	21641
Which is to say that it is a very good one .	Which is not to say that it is a very good one .	pos_neg	21642
The Indian was listening .	The Indian was not listening .	pos_neg	21643
It was immediately known if she had obtained a lawyer .	It was not immediately known if she had obtained a lawyer .	pos_neg	21644
Forward-looking statements guarantee future performance .	Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance .	pos_neg	21645
Surprisingly , though , finding critics of Puno is easy .	Surprisingly , though , finding critics of Puno is not easy .	pos_neg	21646
The licensing clash prevented all legislative business from getting done .	The licensing clash did not prevent all legislative business from getting done .	pos_neg	21647
This is about lobbyists .	This is not about lobbyists .	pos_neg	21648
But you are stupid , that is all I can say .	But you are not stupid , that is all I can say .	pos_neg	21649
" They feel sorry for themselves , " she says .	" They do not feel sorry for themselves , " she says .	pos_neg	21650
This was an ideal scenario .	This was not an ideal scenario .	pos_neg	21651
Some of the youngest ones were quite up to the task .	Some of the youngest ones were not quite up to the task .	pos_neg	21652
James Hansen agrees .	James Hansen does not agree .	pos_neg	21653
A spokesman for Accenture responded to e-mail and telephone messages yesterday .	A spokesman for Accenture did not respond to e-mail and telephone messages yesterday .	pos_neg	21654
Penn seemed daunted at the prospect of a Clinton-Giuliani race .	Penn did not seem daunted at the prospect of a Clinton-Giuliani race .	pos_neg	21655
But investments kept up after that , he said .	But investments did not keep up after that , he said .	pos_neg	21656
Obviously things are going right for us right now .	Obviously things are not going right for us right now .	pos_neg	21657
Fit means strong or healthy , it means suitable .	Fit does not mean strong or healthy , it means suitable .	pos_neg	21658
But I want to think about that .	But I do not want to think about that .	pos_neg	21659
Callan Associates was fined .	Callan Associates was not fined .	pos_neg	21660
But Trichet said that the council discussed such a move .	But Trichet said that the council did not discuss such a move .	pos_neg	21661
If you are , you are sitting on the sidelines .	If you are not , you are sitting on the sidelines .	pos_neg	21662
That is a typical supermarket manager talking .	That is not a typical supermarket manager talking .	pos_neg	21663
Mario : " Go " This leaves you unprotected , however .	Mario : " Go " This does not leave you unprotected , however .	pos_neg	21664
Tchaikovsky is known for rawness .	Tchaikovsky is not known for rawness .	pos_neg	21665
Clinton 's latest fundraiser is the first of its kind .	Clinton 's latest fundraiser is not the first of its kind .	pos_neg	21666
Hamas is invited .	Hamas is not invited .	pos_neg	21667
We are fighting for the right for kids to beat each other .	We are not fighting for the right for kids to beat each other .	pos_neg	21668
They feel comfortable talking on the phone .	They do not feel comfortable talking on the phone .	pos_neg	21669
Problem is , McGahee is a star .	Problem is , McGahee is not a star .	pos_neg	21670
He knows how long it took to climb the 30-foot embankment .	He does not know how long it took to climb the 30-foot embankment .	pos_neg	21671
Unfortunately , people are willing to say what they really think .	Unfortunately , people are not willing to say what they really think .	pos_neg	21672
But it has been widely available because of a shortage of money .	But it has not been widely available because of a shortage of money .	pos_neg	21673
That is said with a vestige of complacency .	That is not said with a vestige of complacency .	pos_neg	21674
MasterCard SpendingPulse represents MasterCard financial performance .	MasterCard SpendingPulse does not represent MasterCard financial performance .	pos_neg	21675
However , JetBlue is about to stop growing completely .	However , JetBlue is not about to stop growing completely .	pos_neg	21676
Most people have an emotional attachment to their cellphones .	Most people do not have an emotional attachment to their cellphones .	pos_neg	21677
But assume that a lump is no big deal .	But do not assume that a lump is no big deal .	pos_neg	21678
And in this case , that happened .	And in this case , that did not happen .	pos_neg	21679
But only one nanny , and she lives in .	But only one nanny , and she does not live in .	pos_neg	21680
He has played since .	He has not played since .	pos_neg	21681
The program includes dental care .	The program does not include dental care .	pos_neg	21682
At the time , this decision was controversial .	At the time , this decision was not controversial .	pos_neg	21683
Parental consent or knowledge is required .	Parental consent or knowledge is not required .	pos_neg	21684
You are out in the middle of the desert .	You are not out in the middle of the desert .	pos_neg	21685
This is the museum 's first exploration of the subject .	This is not the museum 's first exploration of the subject .	pos_neg	21686
I knew why , at that point .	I did not know why , at that point .	pos_neg	21687
I picked up a card for my bosses .	I did not pick up a card for my bosses .	pos_neg	21688
Many evangelicals are sure what to make of it .	Many evangelicals are not sure what to make of it .	pos_neg	21689
It is because they are slacking off .	It is not because they are slacking off .	pos_neg	21690
I wanted to meet a banker , they are so boring .	I did not want to meet a banker , they are so boring .	pos_neg	21691
" Dad 's here , Mom , " I said .	" Dad 's not here , Mom , " I said .	pos_neg	21692
And the prognosis is encouraging .	And the prognosis is not encouraging .	pos_neg	21693
" This was a substantive decision , " he said .	" This was not a substantive decision , " he said .	pos_neg	21694
" I talk politics in the coffeehouse , " she says .	" I do not talk politics in the coffeehouse , " she says .	pos_neg	21695
Oakwood found it odd .	Oakwood did not find it odd .	pos_neg	21696
You know what might make them angry .	You do not know what might make them angry .	pos_neg	21697
What is known is where he will sign .	What is not known is where he will sign .	pos_neg	21698
I send daily e-mails but receive replies .	I send daily e-mails but do not receive replies .	pos_neg	21699
The show was drenched in laissez-faire posturing .	The show was not drenched in laissez-faire posturing .	pos_neg	21700
This time the crowd was nearly as bad .	This time the crowd was not nearly as bad .	pos_neg	21701
The IRS likes that one bit .	The IRS does not like that one bit .	pos_neg	21702
Israel 's tourism industry is unhappy about the new influx of workers .	Israel 's tourism industry is not unhappy about the new influx of workers .	pos_neg	21703
That is an insult to cat lovers .	That is not an insult to cat lovers .	pos_neg	21704
The institute is a romantic place .	The institute is not a romantic place .	pos_neg	21705
That is to say that they softened the edges .	That is not to say that they softened the edges .	pos_neg	21706
Bonus miles count toward elite status qualification .	Bonus miles do not count toward elite status qualification .	pos_neg	21707
" I have seen it , " she says .	" I have not seen it , " she says .	pos_neg	21708
" The true test is this game , " Mara said .	" The true test is not this game , " Mara said .	pos_neg	21709
An HMRC spokesman said that they had .	An HMRC spokesman said that they had not .	pos_neg	21710
Boniva is recommended in patients with severe renal impairment .	Boniva is not recommended in patients with severe renal impairment .	pos_neg	21711
But it is the guys I came up with .	But it is not the guys I came up with .	pos_neg	21712
And Maryland anti-discrimination laws apply to private schools .	And Maryland anti-discrimination laws do not apply to private schools .	pos_neg	21713
It is known when the extradition will take place .	It is not known when the extradition will take place .	pos_neg	21714
id = 1765772007 Guns kill people , he and Michelle replied .	id = 1765772007 Guns do not kill people , he and Michelle replied .	pos_neg	21715
And it went far enough .	And it did not go far enough .	pos_neg	21716
BELOIT , Wisconsin - I know .	BELOIT , Wisconsin - I do not know .	pos_neg	21717
We have been able to find peace .	We have not been able to find peace .	pos_neg	21718
Chrysler has offered stock options since its 1998 merger with Daimler-Benz .	Chrysler has not offered stock options since its 1998 merger with Daimler-Benz .	pos_neg	21719
I know what fantasy world he was living in .	I do not know what fantasy world he was living in .	pos_neg	21720
Police say the teenager fired his weapon .	Police say the teenager did not fire his weapon .	pos_neg	21721
It is just the housing industry taking a hit .	It is not just the housing industry taking a hit .	pos_neg	21722
This has escaped Usher .	This has not escaped Usher .	pos_neg	21723
Calls to Tyson and to the Cascios were returned .	Calls to Tyson and to the Cascios were not returned .	pos_neg	21724
The point is that they should dump A-Rod .	The point is not that they should dump A-Rod .	pos_neg	21725
It is surprising that some buy-to-let investors are feeling the pinch .	It is not surprising that some buy-to-let investors are feeling the pinch .	pos_neg	21726
But he knew how severe her internal injuries were .	But he did not know how severe her internal injuries were .	pos_neg	21727
Of course Djokovic was to blame .	Of course Djokovic was not to blame .	pos_neg	21728
Maybe 20 percent is secure .	Maybe 20 percent is not secure .	pos_neg	21729
" I am a drinker , " Ms. Perez explained .	" I am not a drinker , " Ms. Perez explained .	pos_neg	21730
The figure includes Americans who bought a same-day ticket in London .	The figure does not include Americans who bought a same-day ticket in London .	pos_neg	21731
German vice-chancellor resigns in blow to Merkel Financial terms were disclosed .	German vice-chancellor resigns in blow to Merkel Financial terms were not disclosed .	pos_neg	21732
You think of me as a dark , evil corporation .	You do not think of me as a dark , evil corporation .	pos_neg	21733
Also notable is what Mr. Shim has : government money .	Also notable is what Mr. Shim does not have : government money .	pos_neg	21734
He ran against an increasingly popular Putin in 2004 .	He did not run against an increasingly popular Putin in 2004 .	pos_neg	21735
In the meantime , laurel-resting is an option .	In the meantime , laurel-resting is not an option .	pos_neg	21736
At this stage I think that civil war is likely .	At this stage I do not think that civil war is likely .	pos_neg	21737
DEAR WALLACE : Some mortgage lenders are very smart .	DEAR WALLACE : Some mortgage lenders are not very smart .	pos_neg	21738
Some things just mix -- such as cocaine and diesel fuel .	Some things just do not mix -- such as cocaine and diesel fuel .	pos_neg	21739
Filter said he wanted to influence Jeffs ' jury .	Filter said he did not want to influence Jeffs ' jury .	pos_neg	21740
" I am ready for competition , " she said .	" I am not ready for competition , " she said .	pos_neg	21741
But those measures picked up enough Republican support .	But those measures did not pick up enough Republican support .	pos_neg	21742
We have got just desserts for the points we have accumulated .	We have not got just desserts for the points we have accumulated .	pos_neg	21743
" This is over , " Pollak said .	" This is not over , " Pollak said .	pos_neg	21744
The president stands above the law .	The president does not stand above the law .	pos_neg	21745
They have TVs or computers we can reach them through .	They do not have TVs or computers we can reach them through .	pos_neg	21746
I think you can measure the healing to something that catastrophic .	I do not think you can measure the healing to something that catastrophic .	pos_neg	21747
It was known which film was shown .	It was not known which film was shown .	pos_neg	21748
The chair has been used in Tennessee since 1960 .	The chair has not been used in Tennessee since 1960 .	pos_neg	21749
Goh specified whether the items would be washed before the sale .	Goh did not specify whether the items would be washed before the sale .	pos_neg	21750
You cannot cut out physical comedy if it works .	You cannot cut out physical comedy if it does not work .	pos_neg	21751
Forward- looking statements are statements that are historical facts .	Forward- looking statements are statements that are not historical facts .	pos_neg	21752
Photography is dying .	Photography is not dying .	pos_neg	21753
" " It has been decided .	" " It has not been decided .	pos_neg	21754
It said whether he had resigned or was fired .	It did not say whether he had resigned or was fired .	pos_neg	21755
We got hit by a truck .	We did not get hit by a truck .	pos_neg	21756
In some ways , Subway 's rapid rise at Wal-Mart is surprising .	In some ways , Subway 's rapid rise at Wal-Mart is not surprising .	pos_neg	21757
A spokesman said the firm comments on results between quarterly reports .	A spokesman said the firm does not comment on results between quarterly reports .	pos_neg	21758
I think it was attempted murder .	I do not think it was attempted murder .	pos_neg	21759
A spokeswoman said that the visitors ' injuries were serious .	A spokeswoman said that the visitors ' injuries were not serious .	pos_neg	21760
Rely on friends or your real estate agent for legal advice .	Do not rely on friends or your real estate agent for legal advice .	pos_neg	21761
It is the individual immigrants we need to fear .	It is not the individual immigrants we need to fear .	pos_neg	21762
They were waiting for Michael Vick to win a game .	They were not waiting for Michael Vick to win a game .	pos_neg	21763
He looked me up and down like he believed me .	He looked me up and down like he did not believe me .	pos_neg	21764
Sometimes there are political guidelines ; sometimes there are .	Sometimes there are political guidelines ; sometimes there are not .	pos_neg	21765
This device bends the constitution but breaks it .	This device bends the constitution but does not break it .	pos_neg	21766
ALL is over-the-top excess , however , at the show .	ALL is not over-the-top excess , however , at the show .	pos_neg	21767
She said she minds the construction noise .	She said she does not mind the construction noise .	pos_neg	21768
It suits him .	It does not suit him .	pos_neg	21769
Seahawks 33 , Rams 6 He discussed bail for Mr. Chambers .	Seahawks 33 , Rams 6 He did not discuss bail for Mr. Chambers .	pos_neg	21770
He likes to go for broke .	He does not like to go for broke .	pos_neg	21771
So , Michael Vick is new to the idea of Jesus .	So , Michael Vick is not new to the idea of Jesus .	pos_neg	21772
He named the second bidder .	He did not name the second bidder .	pos_neg	21773
I am right out of the laboratory of the RNC .	I am not right out of the laboratory of the RNC .	pos_neg	21774
He seems to hear the question .	He does not seem to hear the question .	pos_neg	21775
It is understand terms between the parties were discussed .	It is understand terms between the parties were not discussed .	pos_neg	21776
Terms of the settlements were disclosed .	Terms of the settlements were not disclosed .	pos_neg	21777
Peterson was impressed .	Peterson was not impressed .	pos_neg	21778
Historically , it has always been such an innocent experience .	Historically , it has not always been such an innocent experience .	pos_neg	21779
We know , of course , the specifics .	We do not know , of course , the specifics .	pos_neg	21780
I think I should comment further than that .	I do not think I should comment further than that .	pos_neg	21781
Obviously they knew about Ricky Jay .	Obviously they did not know about Ricky Jay .	pos_neg	21782
It is always .	It is not always .	pos_neg	21783
You 're going to have sex on your deathbed .	You 're not going to have sex on your deathbed .	pos_neg	21784
Broken windows were the half of it .	Broken windows were not the half of it .	pos_neg	21785
Central Park Jogger : You 're the first person to say that .	Central Park Jogger : You 're not the first person to say that .	pos_neg	21786
She specified a timetable for the latter .	She did not specify a timetable for the latter .	pos_neg	21787
GM has announced Lordstown 's next product .	GM has not announced Lordstown 's next product .	pos_neg	21788
But they are wearing helmets .	But they are not wearing helmets .	pos_neg	21789
He has heard from Faldo since the furore .	He has not heard from Faldo since the furore .	pos_neg	21790
That in itself is unusual .	That in itself is not unusual .	pos_neg	21791
The differences were huge , but they were significant .	The differences were not huge , but they were significant .	pos_neg	21792
Names of the victims had been released .	Names of the victims had not been released .	pos_neg	21793
It was immediately clear if he quit or if Spector fired him .	It was not immediately clear if he quit or if Spector fired him .	pos_neg	21794
The Knicks have won since he jumped the team in Phoenix .	The Knicks have not won since he jumped the team in Phoenix .	pos_neg	21795
I went to an Ivy League school .	I did not go to an Ivy League school .	pos_neg	21796
Being down 11-0 is having a chance .	Being down 11-0 is not having a chance .	pos_neg	21797
BROWNBACK : I am making an endorsement today .	BROWNBACK : I am not making an endorsement today .	pos_neg	21798
" " But we are as far behind as before .	" " But we are not as far behind as before .	pos_neg	21799
He sugarcoats .	He does not sugarcoat .	pos_neg	21800
In some jurisdictions they are tough enough .	In some jurisdictions they are not tough enough .	pos_neg	21801
His sums simply add up .	His sums simply do not add up .	pos_neg	21802
Reporters were allowed to view the message .	Reporters were not allowed to view the message .	pos_neg	21803
He turned the ball over and was sacked only once .	He did not turn the ball over and was sacked only once .	pos_neg	21804
It is , but if you work hard it will be .	It is not , but if you work hard it will be .	pos_neg	21805
" It is a zero-sum game , " he said .	" It is not a zero-sum game , " he said .	pos_neg	21806
That is what we are all about .	That is not what we are all about .	pos_neg	21807
It is clear exactly what evidence the police have .	It is not clear exactly what evidence the police have .	pos_neg	21808
No motive had been determined and investigators had found a weapon .	No motive had been determined and investigators had not found a weapon .	pos_neg	21809
" We want the company to leave , " she said .	" We do not want the company to leave , " she said .	pos_neg	21810
Other communities , like nearby Fahma al-Jadida , are so blessed .	Other communities , like nearby Fahma al-Jadida , are not so blessed .	pos_neg	21811
Exactly where Turkey would get the feedstock from is clear .	Exactly where Turkey would get the feedstock from is not clear .	pos_neg	21812
I was always able to do this .	I was not always able to do this .	pos_neg	21813
Dr. Aronov was immediately able to post bail and remained in custody .	Dr. Aronov was not immediately able to post bail and remained in custody .	pos_neg	21814
But I have the money or credit to do so .	But I do not have the money or credit to do so .	pos_neg	21815
Grumpiness is enough .	Grumpiness is not enough .	pos_neg	21816
It was normal .	It was not normal .	pos_neg	21817
There is a false word in it .	There is not a false word in it .	pos_neg	21818
Calls made to Paramount Vantage for comment were immediately returned .	Calls made to Paramount Vantage for comment were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	21819
Mr. Ostrowicz had received his Holocaust reparation checks since 2003 .	Mr. Ostrowicz had not received his Holocaust reparation checks since 2003 .	pos_neg	21820
I just know whether waiting would matter .	I just do not know whether waiting would matter .	pos_neg	21821
" I know what it was , " Sheringham says .	" I do not know what it was , " Sheringham says .	pos_neg	21822
Investigators know why he interfered with the jet tests .	Investigators do not know why he interfered with the jet tests .	pos_neg	21823
I was the best dribbler , the best shooter .	I was not the best dribbler , the best shooter .	pos_neg	21824
But even that helped .	But even that did not help .	pos_neg	21825
It was immediately clear what the investigator 's new assignment was .	It was not immediately clear what the investigator 's new assignment was .	pos_neg	21826
That means you " hide " them from us .	That does not mean you " hide " them from us .	pos_neg	21827
That has proved a success for SABMiller .	That has not proved a success for SABMiller .	pos_neg	21828
... I know how to word this properly .	... I do not know how to word this properly .	pos_neg	21829
Unfortunately there is a sniper in every house .	Unfortunately there is not a sniper in every house .	pos_neg	21830
Ms. Prada disagreed .	Ms. Prada did not disagree .	pos_neg	21831
Henton has played a down this season .	Henton has not played a down this season .	pos_neg	21832
We are afraid to win a game .	We are not afraid to win a game .	pos_neg	21833
He sleeps , then he tries to fake it .	He does not sleep , then he tries to fake it .	pos_neg	21834
Finally , forget condoms .	Finally , do not forget condoms .	pos_neg	21835
Phone calls lick you in the face .	Phone calls do not lick you in the face .	pos_neg	21836
And it is as if there is a lack of motive .	And it is not as if there is a lack of motive .	pos_neg	21837
It was clear whether the woman has other children , he said .	It was not clear whether the woman has other children , he said .	pos_neg	21838
But my confidence has changed .	But my confidence has not changed .	pos_neg	21839
In this instance an employee upheld that protocol .	In this instance an employee did not uphold that protocol .	pos_neg	21840
I feel as alone .	I do not feel as alone .	pos_neg	21841
But Louisette did that .	But Louisette did not do that .	pos_neg	21842
A message left for Cheuvront 's bailiff was returned .	A message left for Cheuvront 's bailiff was not returned .	pos_neg	21843
The amount of Ailes ' donation was disclosed .	The amount of Ailes ' donation was not disclosed .	pos_neg	21844
First Quarter Sales Highlights The court addressed the constitutional claims .	First Quarter Sales Highlights The court did not address the constitutional claims .	pos_neg	21845
But we have reached the place where U.S. courts have declared karoshi .	But we have not reached the place where U.S. courts have declared karoshi .	pos_neg	21846
But they know many details about her life before September 2001 .	But they do not know many details about her life before September 2001 .	pos_neg	21847
Most envision an army town .	Most do not envision an army town .	pos_neg	21848
It is based on your biology or your anatomy .	It is not based on your biology or your anatomy .	pos_neg	21849
It seems a difficult pattern to comprehend .	It does not seem a difficult pattern to comprehend .	pos_neg	21850
Bollea 's injuries are life-threatening .	Bollea 's injuries are not life-threatening .	pos_neg	21851
If it is acceptable , I ask for alternatives .	If it is not acceptable , I ask for alternatives .	pos_neg	21852
But because mine are so young , this applies .	But because mine are so young , this does not apply .	pos_neg	21853
The Tawteen Projects are job creation schemes in themselves .	The Tawteen Projects are not job creation schemes in themselves .	pos_neg	21854
I hope he was referring to his mother-in-law 's breast cancer .	I hope he was not referring to his mother-in-law 's breast cancer .	pos_neg	21855
Finding help in arranging such a trip was easy .	Finding help in arranging such a trip was not easy .	pos_neg	21856
But he is going to trouble you with his drama .	But he is not going to trouble you with his drama .	pos_neg	21857
Russneft 's press office responded to repeated requests for comment .	Russneft 's press office did not respond to repeated requests for comment .	pos_neg	21858
" We just know , " admitted Dr Steiner .	" We just do not know , " admitted Dr Steiner .	pos_neg	21859
Mother Teresa was beloved by all .	Mother Teresa was not beloved by all .	pos_neg	21860
He said who he had in mind .	He did not say who he had in mind .	pos_neg	21861
" He was trashing and bashing Bill Clinton , " said DeFrank .	" He was not trashing and bashing Bill Clinton , " said DeFrank .	pos_neg	21862
But hurry down to your nearest Toyota dealer .	But do not hurry down to your nearest Toyota dealer .	pos_neg	21863
Brawling , bullying and making threats generally count toward the designation .	Brawling , bullying and making threats generally do not count toward the designation .	pos_neg	21864
A company representative was immediately available for comment .	A company representative was not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	21865
Some adults were taking chances .	Some adults were not taking chances .	pos_neg	21866
With classes and stuff it is too bad .	With classes and stuff it is not too bad .	pos_neg	21867
Even cash inducements have worked .	Even cash inducements have not worked .	pos_neg	21868
It is a great one .	It is not a great one .	pos_neg	21869
Reid detailed the nature of the work dispute .	Reid did not detail the nature of the work dispute .	pos_neg	21870
They are sure whether her death was an accident or suicide .	They are not sure whether her death was an accident or suicide .	pos_neg	21871
I get the sense that you really care .	I do not get the sense that you really care .	pos_neg	21872
It was immediately clear how the virus got there .	It was not immediately clear how the virus got there .	pos_neg	21873
For Tina Sunda , though , the day was to be .	For Tina Sunda , though , the day was not to be .	pos_neg	21874
We did our part as a defense .	We did not do our part as a defense .	pos_neg	21875
I believe the senator expressed it the right way .	I believe the senator did not express it the right way .	pos_neg	21876
So far , ordinary Romanians are up in arms about this .	So far , ordinary Romanians are not up in arms about this .	pos_neg	21877
Others analysts are so apocalyptic .	Others analysts are not so apocalyptic .	pos_neg	21878
David Holland was a close match to Christopher .	David Holland was not a close match to Christopher .	pos_neg	21879
Hospital food is what it once was .	Hospital food is not what it once was .	pos_neg	21880
New Jersey has lost in Edmonton since Oct. 31 , 1995 .	New Jersey has not lost in Edmonton since Oct. 31 , 1995 .	pos_neg	21881
And it gives you a hangover .	And it does not give you a hangover .	pos_neg	21882
, has .	, has not .	pos_neg	21883
JetBlue AEP said it had violated the Clean Air Act .	JetBlue AEP said it had not violated the Clean Air Act .	pos_neg	21884
Mr Dimmock wanted the movie distributed to schools .	Mr Dimmock did not want the movie distributed to schools .	pos_neg	21885
It also said it was in keeping with the nearby historic plans .	It also said it was not in keeping with the nearby historic plans .	pos_neg	21886
Gibson was just a tennis player , said USTA spokeswoman Rita Garza .	Gibson was not just a tennis player , said USTA spokeswoman Rita Garza .	pos_neg	21887
" I wanted to let go , " she told him .	" I did not want to let go , " she told him .	pos_neg	21888
They have played like one since , except in short bursts .	They have not played like one since , except in short bursts .	pos_neg	21889
She had a will .	She did not have a will .	pos_neg	21890
That is unusual .	That is not unusual .	pos_neg	21891
There was time to put the food on board all the coaches .	There was not time to put the food on board all the coaches .	pos_neg	21892
one hour Opting for both approaches certainly is the answer .	one hour Opting for both approaches certainly is not the answer .	pos_neg	21893
Some , though , are convinced that the technology represents an improvement .	Some , though , are not convinced that the technology represents an improvement .	pos_neg	21894
They vote so there is no bloc .	They do not vote so there is no bloc .	pos_neg	21895
The authorities identified the dead man .	The authorities did not identify the dead man .	pos_neg	21896
Since 1994 , French has been necessary in Kigali .	Since 1994 , French has not been necessary in Kigali .	pos_neg	21897
But on examination they decided that it was a genuine item .	But on examination they decided that it was not a genuine item .	pos_neg	21898
But it was live .	But it was not live .	pos_neg	21899
" We have actually had many directors , " Nat said .	" We have not actually had many directors , " Nat said .	pos_neg	21900
-- Maybe the figures add up , after all .	-- Maybe the figures do not add up , after all .	pos_neg	21901
But another boy was satisfied .	But another boy was not satisfied .	pos_neg	21902
Words really do it justice .	Words really do not do it justice .	pos_neg	21903
One thing 's for certain , he is playing tonight .	One thing 's for certain , he is not playing tonight .	pos_neg	21904
Some families are skinny and some families are .	Some families are skinny and some families are not .	pos_neg	21905
Halo 3 has changed that .	Halo 3 has not changed that .	pos_neg	21906
The subway is the first project to draw criticism here .	The subway is not the first project to draw criticism here .	pos_neg	21907
SCHUMER : Well , he has .	SCHUMER : Well , he has not .	pos_neg	21908
Her patience , however , is infinite .	Her patience , however , is not infinite .	pos_neg	21909
And yet there are statistics that are so heartening .	And yet there are statistics that are not so heartening .	pos_neg	21910
" " Higher education is necessarily a college degree .	" " Higher education is not necessarily a college degree .	pos_neg	21911
The Pentagon has emphasized it is building new bases .	The Pentagon has emphasized it is not building new bases .	pos_neg	21912
I would be very surprised if that was the case .	I would be very surprised if that was not the case .	pos_neg	21913
The truth is it is .	The truth is it is not .	pos_neg	21914
" We are behind that legislation , " Berkley said .	" We are not behind that legislation , " Berkley said .	pos_neg	21915
This is Whisman 's first arrest .	This is not Whisman 's first arrest .	pos_neg	21916
Things worked out that way .	Things did not work out that way .	pos_neg	21917
we are Afraid Of Police .	we are Not Afraid Of Police .	pos_neg	21918
" American Idol " has gone totally without recognition , however .	" American Idol " has not gone totally without recognition , however .	pos_neg	21919
Biancone said the substance belonged to him .	Biancone said the substance did not belong to him .	pos_neg	21920
You need to invent something to get rich .	You do not need to invent something to get rich .	pos_neg	21921
" " But in times of shortage , they make it .	" " But in times of shortage , they do not make it .	pos_neg	21922
I have been accepted by my family .	I have not been accepted by my family .	pos_neg	21923
That is bad .	That is not bad .	pos_neg	21924
Rubenstein said that Hank was available to talk about Rubenstein .	Rubenstein said that Hank was not available to talk about Rubenstein .	pos_neg	21925
Use personal information for passwords .	Do not use personal information for passwords .	pos_neg	21926
They want to spend money on something everyone else has .	They do not want to spend money on something everyone else has .	pos_neg	21927
We live together but , for several important reasons , are married .	We live together but , for several important reasons , are not married .	pos_neg	21928
But this is a commonly held view in China .	But this is not a commonly held view in China .	pos_neg	21929
... Ray from 21st Mortgage said he experienced the same success .	... Ray from 21st Mortgage said he did not experience the same success .	pos_neg	21930
I know all that stuff , but I buy that .	I know all that stuff , but I do not buy that .	pos_neg	21931
And because it is so heavily fortified , there is human settlement .	And because it is so heavily fortified , there is not human settlement .	pos_neg	21932
It is startling , in other words .	It is not startling , in other words .	pos_neg	21933
They are as elegantly refined visually , but they feel equally necessary .	They are not as elegantly refined visually , but they feel equally necessary .	pos_neg	21934
That had happened in the first 11 games .	That had not happened in the first 11 games .	pos_neg	21935
I am afraid to do it .	I am not afraid to do it .	pos_neg	21936
The IPCC said Mr Brunstrom committed a criminal act .	The IPCC said Mr Brunstrom did not commit a criminal act .	pos_neg	21937
She is the first to sell songs to donors .	She is not the first to sell songs to donors .	pos_neg	21938
O 'Hanlon : It is theater .	O 'Hanlon : It is not theater .	pos_neg	21939
The vice president said last Sunday that he minds the description .	The vice president said last Sunday that he does not mind the description .	pos_neg	21940
It is clear what opposition leaders will do .	It is not clear what opposition leaders will do .	pos_neg	21941
Ballard has a 100-yard game this season .	Ballard does not have a 100-yard game this season .	pos_neg	21942
And I really know the answer to that question .	And I really do not know the answer to that question .	pos_neg	21943
And overlook leftovers .	And do not overlook leftovers .	pos_neg	21944
This has been a studiously balanced bit of ecumenicism .	This has not been a studiously balanced bit of ecumenicism .	pos_neg	21945
It makes sense to them .	It does not make sense to them .	pos_neg	21946
Some offenders just see the light .	Some offenders just do not see the light .	pos_neg	21947
I enjoyed it .	I did not enjoy it .	pos_neg	21948
Liukin fell that day in qualifying , but Johnson did .	Liukin did not fall that day in qualifying , but Johnson did .	pos_neg	21949
It is like Columbia is endorsing him .	It is not like Columbia is endorsing him .	pos_neg	21950
But I obviously practiced enough .	But I obviously did not practice enough .	pos_neg	21951
Thankfully , Mr. Collin has made one .	Thankfully , Mr. Collin has not made one .	pos_neg	21952
They are so posed .	They are not so posed .	pos_neg	21953
Ellerbe said the reports on Mayweather 's legal past were a factor .	Ellerbe said the reports on Mayweather 's legal past were not a factor .	pos_neg	21954
But that stops us from eating fried chicken and ice cream .	But that does not stop us from eating fried chicken and ice cream .	pos_neg	21955
It was only private equity that was doing the acquisitions .	It was not only private equity that was doing the acquisitions .	pos_neg	21956
" Guys here have an alternative reality , " he said .	" Guys here do not have an alternative reality , " he said .	pos_neg	21957
He minds a good fight .	He does not mind a good fight .	pos_neg	21958
But this fire is over .	But this fire is not over .	pos_neg	21959
But it ended his career .	But it did not end his career .	pos_neg	21960
" I am cynical , " he says .	" I am not cynical , " he says .	pos_neg	21961
I think perfection is beauty .	I do not think perfection is beauty .	pos_neg	21962
JUAREZ : I know .	JUAREZ : I do not know .	pos_neg	21963
I want to sound negative , but good luck with that .	I do not want to sound negative , but good luck with that .	pos_neg	21964
The lawsuit is the only battle over the health plan .	The lawsuit is not the only battle over the health plan .	pos_neg	21965
McCain noticed a thing .	McCain did not notice a thing .	pos_neg	21966
" I know his health condition , " he said .	" I do not know his health condition , " he said .	pos_neg	21967
I know what the governing body is about on this .	I do not know what the governing body is about on this .	pos_neg	21968
Notice I included Boras .	Notice I did not include Boras .	pos_neg	21969
But the failure of the system was limited to internet miscalculations .	But the failure of the system was not limited to internet miscalculations .	pos_neg	21970
It is clear whether a criminal conviction could jeopardize the benefit .	It is not clear whether a criminal conviction could jeopardize the benefit .	pos_neg	21971
Sticking a for sale sign on your lawn is enough .	Sticking a for sale sign on your lawn is not enough .	pos_neg	21972
" " My magazine is for sale .	" " My magazine is not for sale .	pos_neg	21973
Mr van Hoogstraten was present nor legally represented during the civil proceedings .	Mr van Hoogstraten was not present nor legally represented during the civil proceedings .	pos_neg	21974
In announcing Winters ' suspension , MLB specified his offending behavior .	In announcing Winters ' suspension , MLB did not specify his offending behavior .	pos_neg	21975
" No , I am , " Mr. Gill says .	" No , I am not , " Mr. Gill says .	pos_neg	21976
The family is saying when she will return to the United States .	The family is not saying when she will return to the United States .	pos_neg	21977
Clarence House commented .	Clarence House did not comment .	pos_neg	21978
She provided additional details .	She did not provide additional details .	pos_neg	21979
1203 : You need me to tell you what today is .	1203 : You do not need me to tell you what today is .	pos_neg	21980
In Steinbrenner 's eyes , merely getting to the postseason is enough .	In Steinbrenner 's eyes , merely getting to the postseason is not enough .	pos_neg	21981
I was just unemployed , I was penniless .	I was not just unemployed , I was penniless .	pos_neg	21982
There is a wafer between us on strategy .	There is not a wafer between us on strategy .	pos_neg	21983
I thought that last week against Kansas City and it happened .	I thought that last week against Kansas City and it did not happen .	pos_neg	21984
I saw the beak .	I did not see the beak .	pos_neg	21985
Kerkorian and Tracinda representatives were immediately available for comment .	Kerkorian and Tracinda representatives were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	21986
But Sister Liliana is going without a fight .	But Sister Liliana is not going without a fight .	pos_neg	21987
It matters if we show we bought computers legally .	It does not matter if we show we bought computers legally .	pos_neg	21988
It said what the training camp was .	It did not say what the training camp was .	pos_neg	21989
So we are short of ideas .	So we are not short of ideas .	pos_neg	21990
Q It is me , it is Senator Coleman speaking .	Q It is not me , it is Senator Coleman speaking .	pos_neg	21991
Paris Hilton , she is interesting .	Paris Hilton , she is not interesting .	pos_neg	21992
You might be forgiven for overlooking that if TransGlobal had become Funjet .	You might be forgiven for overlooking that if TransGlobal had not become Funjet .	pos_neg	21993
Well , he needs it !	Well , he does not need it !	pos_neg	21994
But they are monkeying around .	But they are not monkeying around .	pos_neg	21995
But Kremlin control over the media is the only issue .	But Kremlin control over the media is not the only issue .	pos_neg	21996
I did the gig .	I did not do the gig .	pos_neg	21997
It is just what happens at the first pitch .	It is not just what happens at the first pitch .	pos_neg	21998
Just because she lost it means he is a eunuch .	Just because she lost it does not mean he is a eunuch .	pos_neg	21999
How it will all shake out I really know .	How it will all shake out I really do not know .	pos_neg	22000
It is just about eating .	It is not just about eating .	pos_neg	22001
" " But I want to pinch myself .	" " But I do not want to pinch myself .	pos_neg	22002
It is all that different .	It is not all that different .	pos_neg	22003
That $ 78 billion is in the stated deficit .	That $ 78 billion is not in the stated deficit .	pos_neg	22004
I hope this causes him to do something .	I hope this does not cause him to do something .	pos_neg	22005
Speaking French , or the native Creole dialect , is necessary here .	Speaking French , or the native Creole dialect , is not necessary here .	pos_neg	22006
The judge doubled damages against Warrick .	The judge did not double damages against Warrick .	pos_neg	22007
We knew about it beforehand .	We did not know about it beforehand .	pos_neg	22008
The changes affect Fidelity 's main money management business .	The changes do not affect Fidelity 's main money management business .	pos_neg	22009
Other Republicans were convinced .	Other Republicans were not convinced .	pos_neg	22010
When we went to Israel , I was just Tara 's sister .	When we went to Israel , I was not just Tara 's sister .	pos_neg	22011
" It is a simple matter , " Voyles said .	" It is not a simple matter , " Voyles said .	pos_neg	22012
It is a bad place to start .	It is not a bad place to start .	pos_neg	22013
All this means we shouldn 't try to eradicate roach infestations .	All this does not mean we shouldn 't try to eradicate roach infestations .	pos_neg	22014
So it is just about saving the world , but Microsoft .	So it is not just about saving the world , but Microsoft .	pos_neg	22015
You have God , friends , hobbies , interests or work .	You do not have God , friends , hobbies , interests or work .	pos_neg	22016
Dr. Fryer returned telephone calls and e-mail messages seeking comment .	Dr. Fryer did not return telephone calls and e-mail messages seeking comment .	pos_neg	22017
A government bailout is the answer .	A government bailout is not the answer .	pos_neg	22018
That is the case with Class B shares .	That is not the case with Class B shares .	pos_neg	22019
Jacobsen 's opinion piece occurred in a vacuum .	Jacobsen 's opinion piece did not occur in a vacuum .	pos_neg	22020
Well , we knew you were dining with us .	Well , we did not know you were dining with us .	pos_neg	22021
But Ming just was having it .	But Ming just was not having it .	pos_neg	22022
Free sex , except it is .	Free sex , except it is not .	pos_neg	22023
He had won a match in his last three tournament appearances .	He had not won a match in his last three tournament appearances .	pos_neg	22024
He said government is trying to tell people what they can eat .	He said government is not trying to tell people what they can eat .	pos_neg	22025
It is a documentary .	It is not a documentary .	pos_neg	22026
It is just the blokes .	It is not just the blokes .	pos_neg	22027
If we are careful we will finish in one century 's time .	If we are not careful we will finish in one century 's time .	pos_neg	22028
Crowe 's relationship with Cap Weinberger was always easy .	Crowe 's relationship with Cap Weinberger was not always easy .	pos_neg	22029
" The United States is going to invade , " he said .	" The United States is not going to invade , " he said .	pos_neg	22030
Which is to say Ratatouille is a disappointment .	Which is not to say Ratatouille is a disappointment .	pos_neg	22031
In the morning she got up .	In the morning she did not get up .	pos_neg	22032
It is only the West that is becoming impatient , it seems .	It is not only the West that is becoming impatient , it seems .	pos_neg	22033
This is the life I chose ; it chose me .	This is not the life I chose ; it chose me .	pos_neg	22034
Too bad they were wearing uniforms .	Too bad they were not wearing uniforms .	pos_neg	22035
This is Wellesley versus Smith in field hockey .	This is not Wellesley versus Smith in field hockey .	pos_neg	22036
We just gave up many big plays .	We just did not give up many big plays .	pos_neg	22037
" " Oscar Wyatt broke the law .	" " Oscar Wyatt did not break the law .	pos_neg	22038
Mr. Ball knew what to believe .	Mr. Ball did not know what to believe .	pos_neg	22039
She said the change had been announced .	She said the change had not been announced .	pos_neg	22040
Runnicles has conducted regularly in the UK for more than 18 years .	Runnicles has not conducted regularly in the UK for more than 18 years .	pos_neg	22041
Christine Levinson said she has given up .	Christine Levinson said she has not given up .	pos_neg	22042
" " We have wheat stocks at the moment .	" " We do not have wheat stocks at the moment .	pos_neg	22043
These loans are intended to replace lost sales or profits .	These loans are not intended to replace lost sales or profits .	pos_neg	22044
The vehicle heeded these warnings .	The vehicle did not heed these warnings .	pos_neg	22045
It helps us .	It does not help us .	pos_neg	22046
Ushkevich said the contract signed covers production ownership issues .	Ushkevich said the contract signed does not cover production ownership issues .	pos_neg	22047
It is just a problem at 16 .	It is not just a problem at 16 .	pos_neg	22048
But Ms. Kreamer 's gray-versus-brown contest is altogether unbiased .	But Ms. Kreamer 's gray-versus-brown contest is not altogether unbiased .	pos_neg	22049
However that takes other sources of error into account .	However that does not take other sources of error into account .	pos_neg	22050
CROWLEY : This time she was gonna get burnt .	CROWLEY : This time she was not gonna get burnt .	pos_neg	22051
Golly , I was here when they negotiated that .	Golly , I was not here when they negotiated that .	pos_neg	22052
Hunter was dissuaded .	Hunter was not dissuaded .	pos_neg	22053
Olson and Anderson knew each other , he said .	Olson and Anderson did not know each other , he said .	pos_neg	22054
It is quite what you think it is going to be .	It is not quite what you think it is going to be .	pos_neg	22055
It smells right .	It does not smell right .	pos_neg	22056
Ersland was home when the police arrived .	Ersland was not home when the police arrived .	pos_neg	22057
It is painstakingly slow so it hurts .	It is painstakingly slow so it does not hurt .	pos_neg	22058
I wish I had to say that .	I wish I did not have to say that .	pos_neg	22059
She is just over the top , she is over two tops .	She is not just over the top , she is over two tops .	pos_neg	22060
In addition , if you hear it , repeat it .	In addition , if you hear it , do not repeat it .	pos_neg	22061
I am questioning that .	I am not questioning that .	pos_neg	22062
White is a color .	White is not a color .	pos_neg	22063
I have the luxury of keeping them .	I do not have the luxury of keeping them .	pos_neg	22064
It is play-calling .	It is not play-calling .	pos_neg	22065
They wither when they are filtering blood and producing urine .	They wither when they are not filtering blood and producing urine .	pos_neg	22066
Prior results described herein guarantee a similar outcome .	Prior results described herein do not guarantee a similar outcome .	pos_neg	22067
That is unusual , since he is known to avoid the spotlight .	That is not unusual , since he is known to avoid the spotlight .	pos_neg	22068
He used both hands and he fired into the air .	He used both hands and he did not fire into the air .	pos_neg	22069
That is being mediocre .	That is not being mediocre .	pos_neg	22070
" " We lose many people .	" " We do not lose many people .	pos_neg	22071
Visiting the Caribbean has to cost a fortune .	Visiting the Caribbean does not have to cost a fortune .	pos_neg	22072
This is always easy on a cruise .	This is not always easy on a cruise .	pos_neg	22073
The creative mind seems to have collapsed .	The creative mind does not seem to have collapsed .	pos_neg	22074
However , they are the only risks that the Company faces .	However , they are not the only risks that the Company faces .	pos_neg	22075
America is a country of extremism - we are centrists .	America is not a country of extremism - we are centrists .	pos_neg	22076
Manager Willie Randolph wanted to let this get away .	Manager Willie Randolph did not want to let this get away .	pos_neg	22077
But Bhutto showed up here .	But Bhutto did not show up here .	pos_neg	22078
But the military that defends them is .	But the military that defends them is not .	pos_neg	22079
Oakwood realized the old lady was listening to him .	Oakwood realized the old lady was not listening to him .	pos_neg	22080
" He added , soothingly , " It is true .	" He added , soothingly , " It is not true .	pos_neg	22081
We watch the same television .	We do not watch the same television .	pos_neg	22082
The Mafia is the force it once was .	The Mafia is not the force it once was .	pos_neg	22083
Comedy Central representatives returned calls seeking comment .	Comedy Central representatives did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	22084
Cassity 's ideas have been embraced by the rest of the industry .	Cassity 's ideas have not been embraced by the rest of the industry .	pos_neg	22085
Connecticut Play 4 - 9558 Mangini 's announcement was a huge surprise .	Connecticut Play 4 - 9558 Mangini 's announcement was not a huge surprise .	pos_neg	22086
" I know the circumstances , " he said .	" I do not know the circumstances , " he said .	pos_neg	22087
There is a vegetarian wizard or a sulfurous lemonade in sight .	There is not a vegetarian wizard or a sulfurous lemonade in sight .	pos_neg	22088
Ensign said he objects to the legislation itself .	Ensign said he does not object to the legislation itself .	pos_neg	22089
DDN competes with registrars , it enables them .	DDN does not compete with registrars , it enables them .	pos_neg	22090
It was clear whether Park would win compensation .	It was not clear whether Park would win compensation .	pos_neg	22091
It is that these people are stupid .	It is not that these people are stupid .	pos_neg	22092
It is a lack of money .	It is not a lack of money .	pos_neg	22093
... I am a psychiatrist .	... I am not a psychiatrist .	pos_neg	22094
He was paid .	He was not paid .	pos_neg	22095
It was a task that , as a traditionalist , he relished .	It was not a task that , as a traditionalist , he relished .	pos_neg	22096
id = 1811122007 That is what we have found internally .	id = 1811122007 That is not what we have found internally .	pos_neg	22097
" It is just about losing , " Yao said .	" It is not just about losing , " Yao said .	pos_neg	22098
LIFE had been kind to Joe Jennerson .	LIFE had not been kind to Joe Jennerson .	pos_neg	22099
I step in , and behold , the sites are for sale .	I step in , and behold , the sites are not for sale .	pos_neg	22100
Most ideas come from there ( see chart 4 ) .	Most ideas do not come from there ( see chart 4 ) .	pos_neg	22101
All , however , is well .	All , however , is not well .	pos_neg	22102
This is so bad .	This is not so bad .	pos_neg	22103
But Pfizer is letting its flagship drug go down without a fight .	But Pfizer is not letting its flagship drug go down without a fight .	pos_neg	22104
This only works if you have a real job .	This only works if you do not have a real job .	pos_neg	22105
Orders of a million each from populous Nigeria and Brazil materialized .	Orders of a million each from populous Nigeria and Brazil did not materialize .	pos_neg	22106
That is a responsible way to budget .	That is not a responsible way to budget .	pos_neg	22107
But admissions officers want to read a rushed app .	But admissions officers do not want to read a rushed app .	pos_neg	22108
Shave the surgical site .	Do not shave the surgical site .	pos_neg	22109
But our stance was heard there .	But our stance was not heard there .	pos_neg	22110
It really gets on my nerves because they are using it .	It really gets on my nerves because they are not using it .	pos_neg	22111
It worked out too well .	It did not work out too well .	pos_neg	22112
But Matsuzaka was supposed to be an ordinary rookie .	But Matsuzaka was not supposed to be an ordinary rookie .	pos_neg	22113
It is our fault , the youthful minister replied .	It is not our fault , the youthful minister replied .	pos_neg	22114
We get into point spreads and all that stuff .	We do not get into point spreads and all that stuff .	pos_neg	22115
Evidently , grooming alone was enough to seal the deal for everyone .	Evidently , grooming alone was not enough to seal the deal for everyone .	pos_neg	22116
We discovered that if you store timber constantly wet it rots .	We discovered that if you store timber constantly wet it does not rot .	pos_neg	22117
Durant 's ability simply was believable .	Durant 's ability simply was not believable .	pos_neg	22118
But the scourge is unique to Saudi Arabia .	But the scourge is not unique to Saudi Arabia .	pos_neg	22119
And he was alone .	And he was not alone .	pos_neg	22120
He returned a phone call Monday seeking additional comment .	He did not return a phone call Monday seeking additional comment .	pos_neg	22121
Arnold Schwarzenegger says marijuana is a drug .	Arnold Schwarzenegger says marijuana is not a drug .	pos_neg	22122
Court papers stated the defendant 's age , Efe said .	Court papers did not state the defendant 's age , Efe said .	pos_neg	22123
We have figured that out .	We have not figured that out .	pos_neg	22124
It matters if we send more computers to Samara .	It does not matter if we send more computers to Samara .	pos_neg	22125
He had been invited to give evidence to the committee .	He had not been invited to give evidence to the committee .	pos_neg	22126
She realized they had walked into the wrong place .	She did not realize they had walked into the wrong place .	pos_neg	22127
Beijing 's policies have reached her family .	Beijing 's policies have not reached her family .	pos_neg	22128
RICHMOND , Aug. 12 -- This was a funeral service for tears .	RICHMOND , Aug. 12 -- This was not a funeral service for tears .	pos_neg	22129
" " But wages are keeping pace .	" " But wages are not keeping pace .	pos_neg	22130
Even home funeral advocates acknowledge the experience is for everyone .	Even home funeral advocates acknowledge the experience is not for everyone .	pos_neg	22131
It is known if he had an accomplice in the vehicle .	It is not known if he had an accomplice in the vehicle .	pos_neg	22132
And I am one of the guys who did so well .	And I am one of the guys who did not do so well .	pos_neg	22133
A message left for the Hutsells ' attorney was immediately returned .	A message left for the Hutsells ' attorney was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	22134
ARMITAGE : They are words on which I disagree .	ARMITAGE : They are not words on which I disagree .	pos_neg	22135
Terms of his deal with Nike have been released .	Terms of his deal with Nike have not been released .	pos_neg	22136
" I am my dad , " she says .	" I am not my dad , " she says .	pos_neg	22137
Of course , the Redskins were perfect on defense , players said .	Of course , the Redskins were not perfect on defense , players said .	pos_neg	22138
That is just something I understand .	That is just something I do not understand .	pos_neg	22139
But some conservatives cared for it .	But some conservatives did not care for it .	pos_neg	22140
Rose was shedding too many tears for the former Yankee manager .	Rose was not shedding too many tears for the former Yankee manager .	pos_neg	22141
" It is just for people starting out , " she said .	" It is not just for people starting out , " she said .	pos_neg	22142
A Bank of America spokesman returned a call for comment .	A Bank of America spokesman did not return a call for comment .	pos_neg	22143
We knew she was running , too .	We did not know she was running , too .	pos_neg	22144
We agree on a lot of issues .	We do not agree on a lot of issues .	pos_neg	22145
" These are 100 percent safe , " study investigator Bozeman says .	" These are not 100 percent safe , " study investigator Bozeman says .	pos_neg	22146
But the count tells the whole story , advocates say .	But the count does not tell the whole story , advocates say .	pos_neg	22147
" We are searching for a better Saakashvili , " he says .	" We are not searching for a better Saakashvili , " he says .	pos_neg	22148
Messages left with the law firm representing Mariane Pearl were immediately returned .	Messages left with the law firm representing Mariane Pearl were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	22149
That equals talking to terrorists .	That does not equal talking to terrorists .	pos_neg	22150
" It is my airplane , " Yeager says .	" It is not my airplane , " Yeager says .	pos_neg	22151
The big stick was just waved - it was used .	The big stick was not just waved - it was used .	pos_neg	22152
The idea was , he needed to .	The idea was , he did not need to .	pos_neg	22153
I want to comment further than that .	I do not want to comment further than that .	pos_neg	22154
It stops at illegal immigrants .	It does not stop at illegal immigrants .	pos_neg	22155
" This is government-run health care , " Clinton said Tuesday .	" This is not government-run health care , " Clinton said Tuesday .	pos_neg	22156
RICHARDSON : I am interested in being vice president .	RICHARDSON : I am not interested in being vice president .	pos_neg	22157
" It is a perfect situation , " Rice said .	" It is not a perfect situation , " Rice said .	pos_neg	22158
I have never been in a campaign where we made mistakes .	I have never been in a campaign where we did not make mistakes .	pos_neg	22159
" We comment on market speculation , " he said .	" We do not comment on market speculation , " he said .	pos_neg	22160
It went very well for Yang and Callahan .	It did not go very well for Yang and Callahan .	pos_neg	22161
" It is going to happen again , " he said .	" It is not going to happen again , " he said .	pos_neg	22162
The answer to governance is up here on the dais .	The answer to governance is not up here on the dais .	pos_neg	22163
Mr Davis was available for comment .	Mr Davis was not available for comment .	pos_neg	22164
Clinton : I know .	Clinton : I do not know .	pos_neg	22165
Many Iraqis said they believe their security has improved .	Many Iraqis said they do not believe their security has improved .	pos_neg	22166
I am overly impressed .	I am not overly impressed .	pos_neg	22167
That is a skillset I think many people have .	That is a skillset I do not think many people have .	pos_neg	22168
Fontaine bothered to dispute this characterization .	Fontaine did not bother to dispute this characterization .	pos_neg	22169
Because they distract from the clothes .	Because they do not distract from the clothes .	pos_neg	22170
Such death rates are new here .	Such death rates are not new here .	pos_neg	22171
I think we were playing the game the right way .	I do not think we were playing the game the right way .	pos_neg	22172
It was clear where the detainees were taken , KUNA said .	It was not clear where the detainees were taken , KUNA said .	pos_neg	22173
It was my job to make sure I screwed it up .	It was my job to make sure I did not screw it up .	pos_neg	22174
Now , I am naive about peace in this region .	Now , I am not naive about peace in this region .	pos_neg	22175
... It was immediately known if the suicide bomber died .	... It was not immediately known if the suicide bomber died .	pos_neg	22176
The exact nature of the breach was spelled out .	The exact nature of the breach was not spelled out .	pos_neg	22177
One victim wonders why there is more outrage .	One victim wonders why there is not more outrage .	pos_neg	22178
mumbo , but I know .	mumbo , but I do not know .	pos_neg	22179
But the showdown stopped there .	But the showdown did not stop there .	pos_neg	22180
But the poll asked about contributions from plaintiffs ' lawyers .	But the poll did not ask about contributions from plaintiffs ' lawyers .	pos_neg	22181
I am sure that is something that people want .	I am not sure that is something that people want .	pos_neg	22182
No production can be perfect - and Nunn 's is .	No production can be perfect - and Nunn 's is not .	pos_neg	22183
The measure , which became effective Nov. 1 , curbed prices .	The measure , which became effective Nov. 1 , did not curb prices .	pos_neg	22184
Merck also has admitted causation or fault as part of the deal .	Merck also has not admitted causation or fault as part of the deal .	pos_neg	22185
They address the indexation of CGT , which punishes entrepreneurs .	They do not address the indexation of CGT , which punishes entrepreneurs .	pos_neg	22186
" " I know what to do .	" " I do not know what to do .	pos_neg	22187
On Thursday , Schiff agreed the votes were there .	On Thursday , Schiff agreed the votes were not there .	pos_neg	22188
They have had the ambition or the purpose to do that .	They have not had the ambition or the purpose to do that .	pos_neg	22189
Physically he felt good on it .	Physically he did not feel good on it .	pos_neg	22190
The decision to request the decree was taken lightly says Mr Touadi .	The decision to request the decree was not taken lightly says Mr Touadi .	pos_neg	22191
It is thought the fire was suspicious .	It is not thought the fire was suspicious .	pos_neg	22192
Dad 's like , go dumping on Denver .	Dad 's like , do not go dumping on Denver .	pos_neg	22193
Paris Hilton , apparently , he is .	Paris Hilton , apparently , he is not .	pos_neg	22194
Without testing , it is a transparent issue .	Without testing , it is not a transparent issue .	pos_neg	22195
They are Germans , Brits or French .	They are not Germans , Brits or French .	pos_neg	22196
She wants to give up , I can tell you .	She does not want to give up , I can tell you .	pos_neg	22197
His grandfather was an accomplished card stacker , only a card player .	His grandfather was not an accomplished card stacker , only a card player .	pos_neg	22198
However , we understand the closing process .	However , we do not understand the closing process .	pos_neg	22199
However , I like yellow journalism .	However , I do not like yellow journalism .	pos_neg	22200
The odyssey years are about slacking off .	The odyssey years are not about slacking off .	pos_neg	22201
Sam has to escort his captured fugitives across the River Styx .	Sam does not have to escort his captured fugitives across the River Styx .	pos_neg	22202
He assured the crowd that backing Romney is an endorsement of Mormonism .	He assured the crowd that backing Romney is not an endorsement of Mormonism .	pos_neg	22203
Giving students chewing gum while taking tests is unheard of .	Giving students chewing gum while taking tests is not unheard of .	pos_neg	22204
Unlike some volcanoes , Mount Kelud smokes or rumble .	Unlike some volcanoes , Mount Kelud does not smoke or rumble .	pos_neg	22205
But , I am going to stand there and lay up .	But , I am not going to stand there and lay up .	pos_neg	22206
" Winning gets old , " Mr. Barrows said .	" Winning does not get old , " Mr. Barrows said .	pos_neg	22207
You have to look like a Playboy bunny down there .	You do not have to look like a Playboy bunny down there .	pos_neg	22208
" It is a crime , " Giuliani said Friday .	" It is not a crime , " Giuliani said Friday .	pos_neg	22209
If he felt outrage , Mr. Hale showed it .	If he felt outrage , Mr. Hale did not show it .	pos_neg	22210
I am as frustrated as I was after the first two rounds .	I am not as frustrated as I was after the first two rounds .	pos_neg	22211
Was it something I said , because I meant it .	Was it something I said , because I did not mean it .	pos_neg	22212
This is as implausible as it seems .	This is not as implausible as it seems .	pos_neg	22213
As inopportune as the injuries have been , circumstances have helped .	As inopportune as the injuries have been , circumstances have not helped .	pos_neg	22214
Nevertheless , Adams was that surprised to hear of the animal sacrifice .	Nevertheless , Adams was not that surprised to hear of the animal sacrifice .	pos_neg	22215
Obesity is just a cosmetic problem ; it is a medical problem .	Obesity is not just a cosmetic problem ; it is a medical problem .	pos_neg	22216
But other parents simply get what they need and want more .	But other parents simply get what they need and do not want more .	pos_neg	22217
Tom Coughlin is thrilled to be playing a regular-season game abroad .	Tom Coughlin is not thrilled to be playing a regular-season game abroad .	pos_neg	22218
But they were getting the big gigs , the big conventions .	But they were not getting the big gigs , the big conventions .	pos_neg	22219
I cared as long as we sat and shelled and talked .	I did not care as long as we sat and shelled and talked .	pos_neg	22220
We are going to torture you .	We are not going to torture you .	pos_neg	22221
It is also important that parents ask open-ended questions .	It is also important that parents do not ask open-ended questions .	pos_neg	22222
I started it ; I am going to finish it .	I started it ; I am not going to finish it .	pos_neg	22223
People that I had expected were there .	People that I had not expected were there .	pos_neg	22224
That is robbery .	That is not robbery .	pos_neg	22225
It went for one-tenth of that back then .	It did not go for one-tenth of that back then .	pos_neg	22226
It was a good look and many spectators laughed .	It was not a good look and many spectators laughed .	pos_neg	22227
Always worried that I was fulfilling my role .	Always worried that I was not fulfilling my role .	pos_neg	22228
Step one is to recognize that chronic pain is an individual problem .	Step one is to recognize that chronic pain is not an individual problem .	pos_neg	22229
Mr Whitmore said the former James Bond star was arrested .	Mr Whitmore said the former James Bond star was not arrested .	pos_neg	22230
" It just feels right to me , " he said .	" It just does not feel right to me , " he said .	pos_neg	22231
Almontaser responded to an e-mail request for comment .	Almontaser did not respond to an e-mail request for comment .	pos_neg	22232
It was immediately clear whether those were Americans .	It was not immediately clear whether those were Americans .	pos_neg	22233
He insists he was at the cottage himself .	He insists he was not at the cottage himself .	pos_neg	22234
We Got to Do Better Ms. Tocci was optimistic .	We Got to Do Better Ms. Tocci was not optimistic .	pos_neg	22235
Alas , Libby made Bush 's pardons list this year .	Alas , Libby did not make Bush 's pardons list this year .	pos_neg	22236
" He wanted to hear that message , " Cross said .	" He did not want to hear that message , " Cross said .	pos_neg	22237
China 's Olympic-themed makeover is limited to the country 's spiritual composition .	China 's Olympic-themed makeover is not limited to the country 's spiritual composition .	pos_neg	22238
I deny it .	I do not deny it .	pos_neg	22239
" Fun is prohibited here , " the statement concluded .	" Fun is not prohibited here , " the statement concluded .	pos_neg	22240
The Sudanese military was immediately available to comment on the abduction .	The Sudanese military was not immediately available to comment on the abduction .	pos_neg	22241
Dr Fraser , though , says that the case is unique .	Dr Fraser , though , says that the case is not unique .	pos_neg	22242
That is all his doing .	That is not all his doing .	pos_neg	22243
Rice was optimistic about getting timely permission .	Rice was not optimistic about getting timely permission .	pos_neg	22244
They care who O.J. is .	They do not care who O.J. is .	pos_neg	22245
Edinburgh Accies 26 Consumer groups were so sure .	Edinburgh Accies 26 Consumer groups were not so sure .	pos_neg	22246
It is difficult for me .	It is not difficult for me .	pos_neg	22247
A : I have no idea why we put it out .	A : I have no idea why we did not put it out .	pos_neg	22248
I realised then how hard life was for them .	I did not realise then how hard life was for them .	pos_neg	22249
But I wanted soup .	But I did not want soup .	pos_neg	22250
I let it control my life .	I do not let it control my life .	pos_neg	22251
It was nostalgia I felt .	It was not nostalgia I felt .	pos_neg	22252
It was known how long a withdrawal may last .	It was not known how long a withdrawal may last .	pos_neg	22253
It was immediately clear , however , when a walkout might begin .	It was not immediately clear , however , when a walkout might begin .	pos_neg	22254
Money and fame have affected him .	Money and fame have not affected him .	pos_neg	22255
But beyond such general tendencies , the modernists agreed on specifics .	But beyond such general tendencies , the modernists did not agree on specifics .	pos_neg	22256
Kent Police added that the dead man was a registered firearms keeper .	Kent Police added that the dead man was not a registered firearms keeper .	pos_neg	22257
I need you to tell me who I am .	I do not need you to tell me who I am .	pos_neg	22258
They are impossible .	They are not impossible .	pos_neg	22259
Clean green -- You need dozens of toxic products .	Clean green -- You do not need dozens of toxic products .	pos_neg	22260
Of course , the question is about Warner .	Of course , the question is not about Warner .	pos_neg	22261
Peterson was the only player shaken up .	Peterson was not the only player shaken up .	pos_neg	22262
EIHI cautions that the foregoing factors are all inclusive .	EIHI cautions that the foregoing factors are not all inclusive .	pos_neg	22263
He was very admiring of her political philosophy .	He was not very admiring of her political philosophy .	pos_neg	22264
Financial bubbles are benign .	Financial bubbles are not benign .	pos_neg	22265
His injuries are life-threatening .	His injuries are not life-threatening .	pos_neg	22266
These centers help to integrate people , they foster parallel societies .	These centers do not help to integrate people , they foster parallel societies .	pos_neg	22267
If you know her , she is that fanatical .	If you know her , she is not that fanatical .	pos_neg	22268
This night 's crowd was limited to Russians .	This night 's crowd was not limited to Russians .	pos_neg	22269
The media suggested that we start a program of this nature .	The media did not suggest that we start a program of this nature .	pos_neg	22270
Before , people knew I was their EHT .	Before , people did not know I was their EHT .	pos_neg	22271
Blackwater returned a telephone call and an e-mail seeking comment .	Blackwater did not return a telephone call and an e-mail seeking comment .	pos_neg	22272
I knew where I was , I was almost unconscious .	I did not know where I was , I was almost unconscious .	pos_neg	22273
But believe it .	But do not believe it .	pos_neg	22274
" I believe in coincidences , " he said .	" I do not believe in coincidences , " he said .	pos_neg	22275
Jon McClure is called the Reverend for nothing .	Jon McClure is not called the Reverend for nothing .	pos_neg	22276
I think the Awakening men should join the Iraqi police .	I do not think the Awakening men should join the Iraqi police .	pos_neg	22277
Fortunately they play for the same team .	Fortunately they do not play for the same team .	pos_neg	22278
Paparazzi photographers were involved in the incident .	Paparazzi photographers were not involved in the incident .	pos_neg	22279
I understand what 's the problem .	I do not understand what 's the problem .	pos_neg	22280
It was clear what authorities would do when Sharif arrives .	It was not clear what authorities would do when Sharif arrives .	pos_neg	22281
" I know why , " Cashman said .	" I do not know why , " Cashman said .	pos_neg	22282
I know about it .	I do not know about it .	pos_neg	22283
, left empty-handed .	, did not leave empty-handed .	pos_neg	22284
Authorities believe Duchene intentionally left the boy in the car .	Authorities do not believe Duchene intentionally left the boy in the car .	pos_neg	22285
We are playing hard but things are working out .	We are playing hard but things are not working out .	pos_neg	22286
Fourteen-year-old Terrel Phelps is too happy .	Fourteen-year-old Terrel Phelps is not too happy .	pos_neg	22287
It is just the fact that we were able to make adjustments .	It is just the fact that we were not able to make adjustments .	pos_neg	22288
He said aircraft were used but was more specific .	He said aircraft were used but was not more specific .	pos_neg	22289
Just play the game alone or you 'll end up weeping .	Just do not play the game alone or you 'll end up weeping .	pos_neg	22290
Vehicles with 2.7-liter and 3.5-liter engines are involved in the recall .	Vehicles with 2.7-liter and 3.5-liter engines are not involved in the recall .	pos_neg	22291
Further , all brain changes are indicative of disease .	Further , all brain changes are not indicative of disease .	pos_neg	22292
They found his body after he answered a call to dinner .	They found his body after he did not answer a call to dinner .	pos_neg	22293
If that works , replace the cartridge .	If that does not work , replace the cartridge .	pos_neg	22294
" " I beat Kobayashi , but I won .	" " I beat Kobayashi , but I did not win .	pos_neg	22295
Lilly , though , was amused .	Lilly , though , was not amused .	pos_neg	22296
I think it will work ; it may well backfire .	I do not think it will work ; it may well backfire .	pos_neg	22297
But no , they trade views over family dinners .	But no , they do not trade views over family dinners .	pos_neg	22298
And she has had a period since .	And she has not had a period since .	pos_neg	22299
You have to pay for a now-futile trip .	You do not have to pay for a now-futile trip .	pos_neg	22300
" It is just an urban problem , " Marianos said .	" It is not just an urban problem , " Marianos said .	pos_neg	22301
I am going to sneeze at that .	I am not going to sneeze at that .	pos_neg	22302
Mickelson was the only player to withdraw .	Mickelson was not the only player to withdraw .	pos_neg	22303
If this reshuffle works , then it is over .	If this reshuffle does not work , then it is over .	pos_neg	22304
Flores smiled .	Flores did not smile .	pos_neg	22305
But just having a plan is enough .	But just having a plan is not enough .	pos_neg	22306
They include eyeglass coverage unless it results from cataract surgery .	They do not include eyeglass coverage unless it results from cataract surgery .	pos_neg	22307
Companies are allowed to screen their own checked baggage .	Companies are not allowed to screen their own checked baggage .	pos_neg	22308
No one knows that you are the regional sales director for Microsoft .	No one knows that you are not the regional sales director for Microsoft .	pos_neg	22309
" " I think that is too far off .	" " I do not think that is too far off .	pos_neg	22310
Adcock said she knew if the ban would cover only legislators .	Adcock said she did not know if the ban would cover only legislators .	pos_neg	22311
But the Edsel folks gave up .	But the Edsel folks did not give up .	pos_neg	22312
Censorship is .	Censorship is not .	pos_neg	22313
They are afraid , believe me .	They are not afraid , believe me .	pos_neg	22314
It is all over .	It is not all over .	pos_neg	22315
He responded .	He did not respond .	pos_neg	22316
You 'll be happy to hear I am the scheduler .	You 'll be happy to hear I am not the scheduler .	pos_neg	22317
The TV was on , MTV or BET , she remembered .	The TV was on , MTV or BET , she did not remember .	pos_neg	22318
Supervisor Bruce E. Tulloch ( R-Potomac ) returned telephone messages Friday .	Supervisor Bruce E. Tulloch ( R-Potomac ) did not return telephone messages Friday .	pos_neg	22319
Reports on Mr. Gephardt 's activities have been filed .	Reports on Mr. Gephardt 's activities have not been filed .	pos_neg	22320
It is always celebrities who make the most unusual or outlandish requests .	It is not always celebrities who make the most unusual or outlandish requests .	pos_neg	22321
But look for " Defying Gravity " on her release .	But do not look for " Defying Gravity " on her release .	pos_neg	22322
The study was designed to draw that direct conclusion .	The study was not designed to draw that direct conclusion .	pos_neg	22323
The public defender returned a message left after business hours Friday .	The public defender did not return a message left after business hours Friday .	pos_neg	22324
Wilson has spoken publicly on the matter .	Wilson has not spoken publicly on the matter .	pos_neg	22325
But that prevented Hillary from doing her Thatcher-Meir Iron Lady act .	But that did not prevent Hillary from doing her Thatcher-Meir Iron Lady act .	pos_neg	22326
It identified the other five studios .	It did not identify the other five studios .	pos_neg	22327
He demonstrates that Cheney transmogrified himself into a hard case overnight .	He demonstrates that Cheney did not transmogrify himself into a hard case overnight .	pos_neg	22328
But CalFed has full authority over how the money is spent .	But CalFed does not have full authority over how the money is spent .	pos_neg	22329
The book detailed evidence from the case that had been made public .	The book detailed evidence from the case that had not been made public .	pos_neg	22330
He has heard that in a while .	He has not heard that in a while .	pos_neg	22331
" It is a disclaimer of responsibility , " says Mr Morris .	" It is not a disclaimer of responsibility , " says Mr Morris .	pos_neg	22332
Sanchez de Lozada returned phone calls Tuesday .	Sanchez de Lozada did not return phone calls Tuesday .	pos_neg	22333
" I like surprises , " he said in the interview .	" I do not like surprises , " he said in the interview .	pos_neg	22334
For a while , it seemed destined to end this way .	For a while , it did not seem destined to end this way .	pos_neg	22335
We are in a slow-down mode .	We are not in a slow-down mode .	pos_neg	22336
I know what is enough .	I do not know what is enough .	pos_neg	22337
It was that he was stupid - far from it .	It was not that he was stupid - far from it .	pos_neg	22338
Angerer had conceded a single goal all tournament .	Angerer had not conceded a single goal all tournament .	pos_neg	22339
Yet this is about fame or fortune .	Yet this is not about fame or fortune .	pos_neg	22340
But Mr. Sadakah minded his loss .	But Mr. Sadakah did not mind his loss .	pos_neg	22341
" We know your name , " he said .	" We do not know your name , " he said .	pos_neg	22342
The national government keeps good statistics on domestic adoptions .	The national government does not keep good statistics on domestic adoptions .	pos_neg	22343
Just expect it to be PG-13 rated .	Just do not expect it to be PG-13 rated .	pos_neg	22344
A message left for the police department was immediately returned Thursday .	A message left for the police department was not immediately returned Thursday .	pos_neg	22345
If people want it , it ain 't going to happen .	If people do not want it , it ain 't going to happen .	pos_neg	22346
I am optimistic .	I am not optimistic .	pos_neg	22347
Road conditions Most of the jobs are in traditional banks .	Road conditions Most of the jobs are not in traditional banks .	pos_neg	22348
It is a coach-swimmer , it is a friend-friend now .	It is not a coach-swimmer , it is a friend-friend now .	pos_neg	22349
Whatever you do pick one up .	Whatever you do do not pick one up .	pos_neg	22350
But he is neutral .	But he is not neutral .	pos_neg	22351
Bloom was given a field sobriety test following the accident .	Bloom was not given a field sobriety test following the accident .	pos_neg	22352
The supposedly competitive markets involved transactions between equals .	The supposedly competitive markets did not involve transactions between equals .	pos_neg	22353
It is recognized by the port 's management .	It is not recognized by the port 's management .	pos_neg	22354
Predictably , most Republicans in trouble have been shunned like Craig .	Predictably , most Republicans in trouble have not been shunned like Craig .	pos_neg	22355
Defendants ' lawyers returned calls seeking comment .	Defendants ' lawyers did not return calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	22356
They are showing that they are willing to come clean .	They are not showing that they are willing to come clean .	pos_neg	22357
It is clear where or when those bargaining sessions will occur .	It is not clear where or when those bargaining sessions will occur .	pos_neg	22358
Banks operating in UAE are reluctant to finance the industry .	Banks operating in UAE are not reluctant to finance the industry .	pos_neg	22359
The Washington Post generally identifies sexual assault victims without their consent .	The Washington Post generally does not identify sexual assault victims without their consent .	pos_neg	22360
For Mr. Young , faith involves organized religion .	For Mr. Young , faith does not involve organized religion .	pos_neg	22361
Everyone understood this was a normal day .	Everyone understood this was not a normal day .	pos_neg	22362
There is a connection between southerners that we northerners understand .	There is a connection between southerners that we northerners do not understand .	pos_neg	22363
It is good news for the humble pint .	It is not good news for the humble pint .	pos_neg	22364
I think she is cute .	I do not think she is cute .	pos_neg	22365
The terrorists are Muslim fundamentalists .	The terrorists are not Muslim fundamentalists .	pos_neg	22366
The Panthers ' other seven inactives are starters .	The Panthers ' other seven inactives are not starters .	pos_neg	22367
It is always easy : The mother of the brain-damaged accident victim .	It is not always easy : The mother of the brain-damaged accident victim .	pos_neg	22368
And what we are also talking about is just Pakistan .	And what we are also talking about is not just Pakistan .	pos_neg	22369
O 'Malley did it , book authors and television shows insist .	O 'Malley did not do it , book authors and television shows insist .	pos_neg	22370
It is harmful to humans .	It is not harmful to humans .	pos_neg	22371
Mr. Griffin responded to requests for comment .	Mr. Griffin did not respond to requests for comment .	pos_neg	22372
" Money is what drives me , " Fàbregas said .	" Money is not what drives me , " Fàbregas said .	pos_neg	22373
Safety and efficacy in pregnant women and nursing mothers have been established .	Safety and efficacy in pregnant women and nursing mothers have not been established .	pos_neg	22374
But that is how it turned out .	But that is not how it turned out .	pos_neg	22375
But the letters are always recognised by Thai authorities .	But the letters are not always recognised by Thai authorities .	pos_neg	22376
He said he had an estimate of the number of victims .	He said he did not have an estimate of the number of victims .	pos_neg	22377
You say .	You do not say .	pos_neg	22378
Gandhi said he included the council .	Gandhi said he regretted not including the council .	pos_neg	22379
Craig traveled to Minnesota for the hearing .	Craig did not travel to Minnesota for the hearing .	pos_neg	22380
Gandhi he was -- Guevara was a declared supporter of political violence .	Gandhi he was not -- Guevara was a declared supporter of political violence .	pos_neg	22381
" We are two gearheads , " Mr. Levine said .	" We are not two gearheads , " Mr. Levine said .	pos_neg	22382
" Make him mad , " Kitna said .	" Do not make him mad , " Kitna said .	pos_neg	22383
There is a whole language of pickling I speak .	There is a whole language of pickling I do not speak .	pos_neg	22384
But this is to underestimate the risks .	But this is not to underestimate the risks .	pos_neg	22385
I wanted my visitors to get lost .	I did not want my visitors to get lost .	pos_neg	22386
I believed it but I wanted to .	I did not believe it but I wanted to .	pos_neg	22387
" " It is within our jurisdiction .	" " It is not within our jurisdiction .	pos_neg	22388
Nuclear weapons have prevented a single shot .	Nuclear weapons have not prevented a single shot .	pos_neg	22389
'Anger' Operating income for these periods was affected by these reimbursements .	'Anger' Operating income for these periods was not affected by these reimbursements .	pos_neg	22390
I wanted to run the turn harder and it just worked .	I wanted to run the turn harder and it just did not work .	pos_neg	22391
He hit , catch or throw .	He did not hit , catch or throw .	pos_neg	22392
" " We are going to demagogue .	" " We are not going to demagogue .	pos_neg	22393
But that is the end .	But that is not the end .	pos_neg	22394
' " I think we will lose the case .	' " I do not think we will lose the case .	pos_neg	22395
For the young José , the transplant took .	For the young José , the transplant did not take .	pos_neg	22396
But it is as true as grass .	But it is not as true as grass .	pos_neg	22397
You might be surprised at her finding but she was .	You might be surprised at her finding but she was not .	pos_neg	22398
Dr. Kessler did so .	Dr. Kessler did not do so .	pos_neg	22399
I said no , I feel like teaching .	I said no , I do not feel like teaching .	pos_neg	22400
VINCI : Trust is something these former residents of Saydia have .	VINCI : Trust is not something these former residents of Saydia have .	pos_neg	22401
He looked again - he had stopped looking .	He looked again - he had not stopped looking .	pos_neg	22402
I am ruling it out .	I am not ruling it out .	pos_neg	22403
Calls placed to Henss ' residence were answered on Monday .	Calls placed to Henss ' residence were not answered on Monday .	pos_neg	22404
In Houston , McLaughlin says he is one to argue with success .	In Houston , McLaughlin says he is not one to argue with success .	pos_neg	22405
The people in Maryland want to leave .	The people in Maryland do not want to leave .	pos_neg	22406
At least Carol was wearing her red gloves .	At least Carol was not wearing her red gloves .	pos_neg	22407
Of course , the Anna Nicole saga stopped there .	Of course , the Anna Nicole saga did not stop there .	pos_neg	22408
But it is easy .	But it is not easy .	pos_neg	22409
The current approach of piecemeal amendments is working , he says .	The current approach of piecemeal amendments is not working , he says .	pos_neg	22410
007 trusts the French , their cars or women .	007 does not trust the French , their cars or women .	pos_neg	22411
Snow is in the forecast this year .	Snow is not in the forecast this year .	pos_neg	22412
You want to convert your car and then scramble for fuel .	You do not want to convert your car and then scramble for fuel .	pos_neg	22413
And you may find that they were all that upset .	And you may find that they were not all that upset .	pos_neg	22414
We are out of our league , influencing systems we understand .	We are out of our league , influencing systems we do not understand .	pos_neg	22415
" This is a free thing , " she said .	" This is not a free thing , " she said .	pos_neg	22416
, were immediately returned .	, were not immediately returned .	pos_neg	22417
In the early days , Hamed 's truth was hard to hide .	In the early days , Hamed 's truth was not hard to hide .	pos_neg	22418
But America 's next great designer she is .	But America 's next great designer she is not .	pos_neg	22419
This is a political organization .	This is not a political organization .	pos_neg	22420
I am insisting on these matches .	I am not insisting on these matches .	pos_neg	22421
You have that today .	You do not have that today .	pos_neg	22422
The report elaborated .	The report did not elaborate .	pos_neg	22423
It is well understood and it is hotly debated .	It is not well understood and it is hotly debated .	pos_neg	22424
Now , sometimes we were smart and made mistakes back there .	Now , sometimes we were not smart and made mistakes back there .	pos_neg	22425
We get locked into one funding stream .	We do not get locked into one funding stream .	pos_neg	22426
But I moan about it .	But I do not moan about it .	pos_neg	22427
This is the way I do things when people come to stay .	This is not the way I do things when people come to stay .	pos_neg	22428
However , he condemned the attack outright .	However , he did not condemn the attack outright .	pos_neg	22429
I want to talk about that .	I do not want to talk about that .	pos_neg	22430
His game was rusty , but his attitude was .	His game was rusty , but his attitude was not .	pos_neg	22431
Her hometown was available late Wednesday .	Her hometown was not available late Wednesday .	pos_neg	22432
This was the House bill , as you know , Brit .	This was not the House bill , as you know , Brit .	pos_neg	22433
It is known if she was a dog walker .	It is not known if she was a dog walker .	pos_neg	22434
I think The Times has heard the last of this issue .	I think The Times has not heard the last of this issue .	pos_neg	22435
Space is also needed to park buses that are in use .	Space is also needed to park buses that are not in use .	pos_neg	22436
Which maybe , in the end , was a good idea .	Which maybe , in the end , was not a good idea .	pos_neg	22437
Satisfying your husband 's voyeuristic inclinations is part of your marriage vows .	Satisfying your husband 's voyeuristic inclinations is not part of your marriage vows .	pos_neg	22438
The Knicks were without Marbury for long .	The Knicks were not without Marbury for long .	pos_neg	22439
" They understand why we schedule meetings , " Erickson said .	" They do not understand why we schedule meetings , " Erickson said .	pos_neg	22440
She was charged in the case .	She was not charged in the case .	pos_neg	22441
This is the way to mark this day .	This is not the way to mark this day .	pos_neg	22442
Significantly , these references seek to destroy that which they mock .	Significantly , these references do not seek to destroy that which they mock .	pos_neg	22443
Internationalization brought simplicity ; rather the reverse .	Internationalization did not bring simplicity ; rather the reverse .	pos_neg	22444
It was while I was reading this book .	It was not while I was reading this book .	pos_neg	22445
Omda : We think that the camps are safe .	Omda : We do not think that the camps are safe .	pos_neg	22446
Using old materials for new buildings is a new idea .	Using old materials for new buildings is not a new idea .	pos_neg	22447
( AP ) - Master P has just cleaned up his act .	( AP ) - Master P has not just cleaned up his act .	pos_neg	22448
" We are gloating , " Def Jam President Jay-Z said .	" We are not gloating , " Def Jam President Jay-Z said .	pos_neg	22449
We went around the room and share our feelings .	We did not go around the room and share our feelings .	pos_neg	22450
Israel has objected to the idea of Syria attending .	Israel has not objected to the idea of Syria attending .	pos_neg	22451
Anfield was spinning because Benitez rotated .	Anfield was spinning because Benitez did not rotate .	pos_neg	22452
AB : I believe that first of all .	AB : I do not believe that first of all .	pos_neg	22453
We have discussed all the possibilities and the selection process was easy .	We have discussed all the possibilities and the selection process was not easy .	pos_neg	22454
But the cornerback persuaded Goodell .	But the cornerback did not persuade Goodell .	pos_neg	22455
The withdrawal affects medicines intended for children ages 2 and older .	The withdrawal does not affect medicines intended for children ages 2 and older .	pos_neg	22456
But that means they aren 't appreciated .	But that does not mean they aren 't appreciated .	pos_neg	22457
It is as if I have inherited it .	It is not as if I have inherited it .	pos_neg	22458
I have probably worn that pin in a very long time .	I have not probably worn that pin in a very long time .	pos_neg	22459
I know this is a good sign .	I know this is not a good sign .	pos_neg	22460
It opened on Friday ; it opens this week .	It opened on Friday ; it does not open this week .	pos_neg	22461
Just hope your name is in it .	Just hope your name is not in it .	pos_neg	22462
And it is -- it is nothing new , in fact .	And it is not -- it is nothing new , in fact .	pos_neg	22463
A call to prosecutors in Connecticut on Friday was immediately returned .	A call to prosecutors in Connecticut on Friday was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	22464
It is cool to meet President Bush .	It is not cool to meet President Bush .	pos_neg	22465
As companies go , Sunrise has been exactly shareholder-friendly .	As companies go , Sunrise has not been exactly shareholder-friendly .	pos_neg	22466
Grenier argues that the state 's immunity is ironclad .	Grenier argues that the state 's immunity is not ironclad .	pos_neg	22467
id = 1682622007 They talk about it .	id = 1682622007 They do not talk about it .	pos_neg	22468
Garnett said the Celtics faltered without Rivers on the bench .	Garnett said the Celtics did not falter without Rivers on the bench .	pos_neg	22469
Representatives from the company were immediately available for comment .	Representatives from the company were not immediately available for comment .	pos_neg	22470
I know where they come from .	I do not know where they come from .	pos_neg	22471
He is a Hoover .	He is not a Hoover .	pos_neg	22472
He says he minds his daily commute .	He says he does not mind his daily commute .	pos_neg	22473
Jenkins said what sparked the dispute .	Jenkins did not say what sparked the dispute .	pos_neg	22474
Lately it has gone well for Carr .	Lately it has not gone well for Carr .	pos_neg	22475
Tesco was available for comment .	Tesco was not available for comment .	pos_neg	22476
I want it .	I do not want it .	pos_neg	22477
Micko was dreaming .	Micko was not dreaming .	pos_neg	22478
But it means her house is dirty .	But it does not mean her house is dirty .	pos_neg	22479
I think we need to be in this position .	I do not think we need to be in this position .	pos_neg	22480
" I knew what it was , " Ms. Wicks said .	" I did not know what it was , " Ms. Wicks said .	pos_neg	22481
This has been just an American phenomenon .	This has not been just an American phenomenon .	pos_neg	22482
I try to judge people .	I do not try to judge people .	pos_neg	22483
It was only the boys slapping butts .	It was not only the boys slapping butts .	pos_neg	22484
But it was only Pizza Hut which had high salt levels .	But it was not only Pizza Hut which had high salt levels .	pos_neg	22485
Mr Salmond 's tax-cutting agenda stops there .	Mr Salmond 's tax-cutting agenda does not stop there .	pos_neg	22486
When that happens your personality splits , it shatters .	When that happens your personality does not split , it shatters .	pos_neg	22487
Most of the time it is .	Most of the time it is not .	pos_neg	22488
Spanish police were immediately available to comment .	Spanish police were not immediately available to comment .	pos_neg	22489
But they challenged for the lead in the end .	But they did not challenge for the lead in the end .	pos_neg	22490
My aim is to pick out individual bad guys .	My aim is not to pick out individual bad guys .	pos_neg	22491
" " I agree with Mr Rudd .	" " I do not agree with Mr Rudd .	pos_neg	22492
DEAR MARY : It sounds like you are happy in that community .	DEAR MARY : It sounds like you are not happy in that community .	pos_neg	22493
Mr. Greenberg and Mr. Chasin have returned calls seeking comment .	Mr. Greenberg and Mr. Chasin have not returned calls seeking comment .	pos_neg	22494
This is who Joe Girardi is , or will be .	This is not who Joe Girardi is , or will be .	pos_neg	22495
He had an attorney listed at Franklin County Municipal Court .	He did not have an attorney listed at Franklin County Municipal Court .	pos_neg	22496
Twist the cork .	Do not twist the cork .	pos_neg	22497
I have a clue .	I do not have a clue .	pos_neg	22498
There are also comforts most of the residents had before .	There are also comforts most of the residents did not have before .	pos_neg	22499
Yet " government from the bottom up " is without risks .	Yet " government from the bottom up " is not without risks .	pos_neg	22500
He disclosed the specific charges .	He did not disclose the specific charges .	pos_neg	22501
Zyprexa is approved for the treatment of patients with dementia- related psychosis .	Zyprexa is not approved for the treatment of patients with dementia- related psychosis .	pos_neg	22502
Comparable data for MySpace rival Facebook was available in the survey .	Comparable data for MySpace rival Facebook was not available in the survey .	pos_neg	22503
But the birth rate is rebounding .	But the birth rate is not rebounding .	pos_neg	22504
But scale alone accounts for their impact .	But scale alone does not account for their impact .	pos_neg	22505
But we followed it up as per the laws of counter-in-surgency .	But we did not follow it up as per the laws of counter-in-surgency .	pos_neg	22506
I was stressed because I wanted to lose .	I was stressed because I did not want to lose .	pos_neg	22507
The chart breaks the casualties down into deaths and injuries .	The chart does not break the casualties down into deaths and injuries .	pos_neg	22508
The mint said there is a surplus .	The mint said there is not a surplus .	pos_neg	22509
She made it patently clear she was happy .	She made it patently clear she was not happy .	pos_neg	22510
In 1992 , the two teams met in the regular season .	In 1992 , the two teams did not meet in the regular season .	pos_neg	22511
I feel starved for it and am sure what to do .	I feel starved for it and am not sure what to do .	pos_neg	22512
The Taylor rule is the only gauge of monetary policy .	The Taylor rule is not the only gauge of monetary policy .	pos_neg	22513
He is seeking re-election .	He is not seeking re-election .	pos_neg	22514
She was feeling too deprived , however .	She was not feeling too deprived , however .	pos_neg	22515
It is clear whether Universal will fill the job Jay-Z is vacating .	It is not clear whether Universal will fill the job Jay-Z is vacating .	pos_neg	22516
" " The best vintners force their style on the grape .	" " The best vintners do not force their style on the grape .	pos_neg	22517
PediaCare Infant Dropper Long-Acting Cough Some coastal residents were taking chances .	PediaCare Infant Dropper Long-Acting Cough Some coastal residents were not taking chances .	pos_neg	22518
Ivan sees it as shameful .	Ivan does not see it as shameful .	pos_neg	22519
They believed us when we said we would secure the borders .	They did not believe us when we said we would secure the borders .	pos_neg	22520
Beckett dominated .	Beckett did not dominate .	pos_neg	22521
She was prim and respectful , and he liked her .	She was prim and respectful , and he did not like her .	pos_neg	22522
Other developments He was working for me .	Other developments He was not working for me .	pos_neg	22523
His government wanted non-African military specialists in the predominantly African force .	His government did not want non-African military specialists in the predominantly African force .	pos_neg	22524
The kickoff return , however , strayed far from his mind .	The kickoff return , however , did not stray far from his mind .	pos_neg	22525
I think they do .	I do not think they do .	pos_neg	22526
They are native to the area , and are mostly Shia Muslims .	They are not native to the area , and are mostly Shia Muslims .	pos_neg	22527
You want to embarrass the team .	You do not want to embarrass the team .	pos_neg	22528
" " It is what I purchased .	" " It is not what I purchased .	pos_neg	22529
I knew that it would do this .	I did not know that it would do this .	pos_neg	22530
" Silver has been a go-between , " he said .	" Silver has not been a go-between , " he said .	pos_neg	22531
Though Ghebrelul owns Barrel House Liquor , he owns the building .	Though Ghebrelul owns Barrel House Liquor , he does not own the building .	pos_neg	22532
" " There are some people who like that .	" " There are some people who do not like that .	pos_neg	22533
France is an easy place to do that .	France is not an easy place to do that .	pos_neg	22534
Another is that there were always other options .	Another is that there were not always other options .	pos_neg	22535
Sit here .	Do not sit here .	pos_neg	22536
They condoned it .	They did not condone it .	pos_neg	22537
Nashville is nearly as conservative as it used to be .	Nashville is not nearly as conservative as it used to be .	pos_neg	22538
Time for humanity It is just here .	Time for humanity It is not just here .	pos_neg	22539
Then this is a time for messing around .	Then this is not a time for messing around .	pos_neg	22540
That is fundamental change .	That is not fundamental change .	pos_neg	22541
But tiredness was a problem , because claustrophobia got me first .	But tiredness was not a problem , because claustrophobia got me first .	pos_neg	22542
Chances are the next one is coming soon .	Chances are the next one is not coming soon .	pos_neg	22543
Exhausted , we made it that night .	Exhausted , we did not make it that night .	pos_neg	22544
Known for her outlandish outfits , she disappointed .	Known for her outlandish outfits , she did not disappoint .	pos_neg	22545
Schmidt has been shy about his vision for the mobile market .	Schmidt has not been shy about his vision for the mobile market .	pos_neg	22546
The extent of the woman 's injuries are known .	The extent of the woman 's injuries are not known .	pos_neg	22547
She is really out of control , there are controls .	She is not really out of control , there are controls .	pos_neg	22548
But it has been that easy for fashion to go green .	But it has not been that easy for fashion to go green .	pos_neg	22549
Ready-to-Go Kit : Paying for school The devil look pretty .	Ready-to-Go Kit : Paying for school The devil do not look pretty .	pos_neg	22550
This is Century 21 .	This is not Century 21 .	pos_neg	22551
Young David Murray was so fortunate .	Young David Murray was not so fortunate .	pos_neg	22552
The cheapest plan is necessarily the best .	The cheapest plan is not necessarily the best .	pos_neg	22553
The burglary suspect is related to the child .	The burglary suspect is not related to the child .	pos_neg	22554
" He is a chopped-liver guy , " Childress said of Droughns .	" He is not a chopped-liver guy , " Childress said of Droughns .	pos_neg	22555
Then again , the network has exactly treated the show as sacrosanct .	Then again , the network has not exactly treated the show as sacrosanct .	pos_neg	22556
Or bother .	Or do not bother .	pos_neg	22557
Mr. Moore says driving La Marquise is hard , but requires anticipation .	Mr. Moore says driving La Marquise is not hard , but requires anticipation .	pos_neg	22558
Residents are sure if their victory was final or temporary .	Residents are not sure if their victory was final or temporary .	pos_neg	22559
If it had gone out , I would have been pretty upset .	If it had not gone out , I would have been pretty upset .	pos_neg	22560
The marketing is appealing to that sort of consumer .	The marketing is not appealing to that sort of consumer .	pos_neg	22561
The feelings of love just were there .	The feelings of love just were not there .	pos_neg	22562
" " Other than that , it is that bad .	" " Other than that , it is not that bad .	pos_neg	22563
I just was happy .	I just was not happy .	pos_neg	22564
She does her homework ; she does gaffes .	She does her homework ; she does not do gaffes .	pos_neg	22565
Distance from downtown Washington , he says , is a concern .	Distance from downtown Washington , he says , is not a concern .	pos_neg	22566
It simply makes sense .	It simply does not make sense .	pos_neg	22567
" " We have some outdoor facilities but the climate is ideal .	" " We have some outdoor facilities but the climate is not ideal .	pos_neg	22568
I am going to run for president .	I am not going to run for president .	pos_neg	22569
He said he knew if he will be asked to resign .	He said he did not know if he will be asked to resign .	pos_neg	22570
Sometimes , though , Richardson is the most disinterested of social historians .	Sometimes , though , Richardson is not the most disinterested of social historians .	pos_neg	22571
But the provision has been implemented by the Pentagon .	But the provision has not been implemented by the Pentagon .	pos_neg	22572
Al-Maliki said he has considered stepping down .	Al-Maliki said he has not considered stepping down .	pos_neg	22573
The president takes his options off the table .	The president does not take his options off the table .	pos_neg	22574
Steinbrenner is frustrated his team has won the World Series since 2000 .	Steinbrenner is frustrated his team has not won the World Series since 2000 .	pos_neg	22575
But it has sprung to life .	But it has not sprung to life .	pos_neg	22576
We know what date Iowa 's going to hold their caucuses .	We do not know what date Iowa 's going to hold their caucuses .	pos_neg	22577
Additional details were disclosed .	Additional details were not disclosed .	pos_neg	22578
I told him it is her fault .	I told him it is not her fault .	pos_neg	22579
But we know .	But we do not know .	pos_neg	22580
And maybe that is the point .	And maybe that is not the point .	pos_neg	22581
It is a wonder the camera operator smacks him .	It is a wonder the camera operator does not smack him .	pos_neg	22582
I knew what to expect .	I did not know what to expect .	pos_neg	22583
A. SMITH : Iran sees it that way .	A. SMITH : Iran does not see it that way .	pos_neg	22584
Instead , the new evidence suggested that they were involved .	Instead , the new evidence suggested that they were not involved .	pos_neg	22585
And that was the end of her troubles , or her losses .	And that was not the end of her troubles , or her losses .	pos_neg	22586
" " Most babies born at 22 weeks survive .	" " Most babies born at 22 weeks do not survive .	pos_neg	22587
He needed it Sunday .	He did not need it Sunday .	pos_neg	22588
At first , she liked her mother 's sleek apartment .	At first , she did not like her mother 's sleek apartment .	pos_neg	22589
The 46-year-old worker has been named .	The 46-year-old worker has not been named .	pos_neg	22590
But China 's foray into economic empire-building has been cost-free .	But China 's foray into economic empire-building has not been cost-free .	pos_neg	22591
Sarah Brown ( his wife ) has a problem with it .	Sarah Brown ( his wife ) does not have a problem with it .	pos_neg	22592
A message left for Roberts ' personal attorney was immediately returned .	A message left for Roberts ' personal attorney was not immediately returned .	pos_neg	22593
6 but have provided further details .	6 but have not provided further details .	pos_neg	22594
Hamilton , however , feels he needs to force the issue .	Hamilton , however , does not feel he needs to force the issue .	pos_neg	22595
I was very glad I was being judged .	I was very glad I was not being judged .	pos_neg	22596
But this year 's TIFF was all heavy lifting .	But this year 's TIFF was not all heavy lifting .	pos_neg	22597
Rigorous studies have been done .	Rigorous studies have not been done .	pos_neg	22598
And I am talking about the price of tomatoes .	And I am not talking about the price of tomatoes .	pos_neg	22599
Mr. Schwartz , for one , buys it .	Mr. Schwartz , for one , does not buy it .	pos_neg	22600
It is a progressive politics .	It is not a progressive politics .	pos_neg	22601
The groups noted that : Staff assist in injections .	The groups noted that : Staff do not assist in injections .	pos_neg	22602
But it somehow looks as though its heart is in it .	But it somehow does not look as though its heart is in it .	pos_neg	22603
It simply was done .	It simply was not done .	pos_neg	22604
The Israeli army said it was aware of the incident .	The Israeli army said it was not aware of the incident .	pos_neg	22605
Clemens was involved in the decision and protested .	Clemens was involved in the decision and did not protest .	pos_neg	22606
We give a damn about traditional institutions of American culture .	We do not give a damn about traditional institutions of American culture .	pos_neg	22607
I think that was their original intent .	I do not think that was their original intent .	pos_neg	22608
I have seen him play so well for some time .	I have not seen him play so well for some time .	pos_neg	22609
They are going to be able to do this on the cheap .	They are not going to be able to do this on the cheap .	pos_neg	22610
But it turns out it was love , it was science .	But it turns out it was not love , it was science .	pos_neg	22611
He clearly knows me well .	He clearly does not know me well .	pos_neg	22612
This is a market meltdown .	This is not a market meltdown .	pos_neg	22613
Tolerance implies weakness or a lack of personal belief .	Tolerance does not imply weakness or a lack of personal belief .	pos_neg	22614
He said he knows what happened after that .	He said he does not know what happened after that .	pos_neg	22615
I have got them living in my house .	I have not got them living in my house .	pos_neg	22616
Of course , that happened .	Of course , that did not happen .	pos_neg	22617
Voting in UK elections is a democratic right but is compulsory .	Voting in UK elections is a democratic right but is not compulsory .	pos_neg	22618
The specific size of the deal was disclosed .	The specific size of the deal was not disclosed .	pos_neg	22619
In many cases , those guys value their own lives .	In many cases , those guys do not value their own lives .	pos_neg	22620
It just works .	It just does not work .	pos_neg	22621
He said he accepted tenants with federal housing vouchers .	He said he did not accept tenants with federal housing vouchers .	pos_neg	22622
The Democrats ' strategy went unnoticed by Republicans .	The Democrats ' strategy did not go unnoticed by Republicans .	pos_neg	22623
But McCarroll seems resentful .	But McCarroll does not seem resentful .	pos_neg	22624
But you have to be a high roller to stay here .	But you do not have to be a high roller to stay here .	pos_neg	22625
By nature , I am a rude guy .	By nature , I am not a rude guy .	pos_neg	22626
Lee provided an answer .	Lee did not provide an answer .	pos_neg	22627
But the story ends there .	But the story does not end there .	pos_neg	22628
But Iraq is a novice in the oil business .	But Iraq is not a novice in the oil business .	pos_neg	22629
He has told them of the substances they are accused of using .	He has not told them of the substances they are accused of using .	pos_neg	22630
And he just wavers .	And he just does not waver .	pos_neg	22631
It just turned out that way .	It just did not turn out that way .	pos_neg	22632
Parents like Ms. O 'Brien permit a total pig-out , however .	Parents like Ms. O 'Brien do not permit a total pig-out , however .	pos_neg	22633
I am proud of it .	I am not proud of it .	pos_neg	22634
However , that convinced the supporter who witnessed the alleged behaviour .	However , that did not convince the supporter who witnessed the alleged behaviour .	pos_neg	22635
They mind garlic .	They do not mind garlic .	pos_neg	22636
I have heard him say different things to different groups .	I have not heard him say different things to different groups .	pos_neg	22637
Their ball retention is as good as normal .	Their ball retention is not as good as normal .	pos_neg	22638
But it is decisive .	But it is not decisive .	pos_neg	22639
It is that kind of situation .	It is not that kind of situation .	pos_neg	22640
A trial date for the other 20 murder charges has been set .	A trial date for the other 20 murder charges has not been set .	pos_neg	22641
" Most workers are provided with contracts , " explains Mr Anisimov .	" Most workers are not provided with contracts , " explains Mr Anisimov .	pos_neg	22642
Even during that first flight , Laika rode alone .	Even during that first flight , Laika did not ride alone .	pos_neg	22643
Lenders have the information needed to second-guess them .	Lenders do not have the information needed to second-guess them .	pos_neg	22644
I think you overreact or underreact .	I do not think you overreact or underreact .	pos_neg	22645
" This is about research , " Sato said .	" This is not about research , " Sato said .	pos_neg	22646
So , I know .	So , I do not know .	pos_neg	22647
He was tall .	He was not tall .	pos_neg	22648
He needs to prove it , per se .	He does not need to prove it , per se .	pos_neg	22649
Iranian Farsi channels aired the event live .	Iranian Farsi channels did not air the event live .	pos_neg	22650
And , of course , the NBA uses peach baskets .	And , of course , the NBA does not use peach baskets .	pos_neg	22651
The Andrew Meyer seen in YouTube clips apologizes .	The Andrew Meyer seen in YouTube clips does not apologize .	pos_neg	22652
In other words , people agreed about what they liked .	In other words , people agreed about what they did not like .	pos_neg	22653
Writer 's block has been the culprit .	Writer 's block has not been the culprit .	pos_neg	22654
The things you think are a big deal are so big .	The things you think are a big deal are not so big .	pos_neg	22655
Mr. Gedi was , and we wasted three years with him .	Mr. Gedi was not , and we wasted three years with him .	pos_neg	22656
Epperly said which one of the men strangled the girl .	Epperly did not say which one of the men strangled the girl .	pos_neg	22657
But we keep everyone apprised of every move of our investigation .	But we do not keep everyone apprised of every move of our investigation .	pos_neg	22658
Their backgrounds are only similar ... they are almost identical .	Their backgrounds are not only similar ... they are almost identical .	pos_neg	22659
I am a vandal .	I am not a vandal .	pos_neg	22660
" " It is a magic bullet .	" " It is not a magic bullet .	pos_neg	22661
Disney knows this is over and they know the reasons why .	Disney knows this is not over and they know the reasons why .	pos_neg	22662
Compact elongated bowls offer the same comfort but protrude as far .	Compact elongated bowls offer the same comfort but do not protrude as far .	pos_neg	22663
The issue of who owns these disputed billions is a simple one .	The issue of who owns these disputed billions is not a simple one .	pos_neg	22664
Surviving on land is the only unusual behavior exhibited by the fish .	Surviving on land is not the only unusual behavior exhibited by the fish .	pos_neg	22665
Global warming may be happening , but is because of us .	Global warming may be happening , but is not because of us .	pos_neg	22666
Just to be pretty is enough , she said of the candidates .	Just to be pretty is not enough , she said of the candidates .	pos_neg	22667
On Wednesday , he was as lucky .	On Wednesday , he was not as lucky .	pos_neg	22668
This book includes Ms. Cash 's side of the correspondence .	This book does not include Ms. Cash 's side of the correspondence .	pos_neg	22669
-- Communicate and let issues build up .	-- Communicate and do not let issues build up .	pos_neg	22670
" I know exactly how it happened , " said Cech .	" I do not know exactly how it happened , " said Cech .	pos_neg	22671
Sadly , he got it this time .	Sadly , he did not get it this time .	pos_neg	22672
However , ul-Farooq stressed that Sharif 's party was anti-American .	However , ul-Farooq stressed that Sharif 's party was not anti-American .	pos_neg	22673
It is just that Bill Clinton can still wow a crowd .	It is not just that Bill Clinton can still wow a crowd .	pos_neg	22674
It is only gamers who will be keeping an eye on Jagex .	It is not only gamers who will be keeping an eye on Jagex .	pos_neg	22675
The assistant returned a call for comment .	The assistant did not return a call for comment .	pos_neg	22676
The disease is transmitted by biting midges , but affects humans .	The disease is transmitted by biting midges , but does not affect humans .	pos_neg	22677
Her biggest regret is having children .	Her biggest regret is not having children .	pos_neg	22678
The reality has changed .	The reality has not changed .	pos_neg	22679
Waddell , however , said Hartley was surprised .	Waddell , however , said Hartley was not surprised .	pos_neg	22680
But travel too slowly along the musical road .	But do not travel too slowly along the musical road .	pos_neg	22681
They have quoted prices in active markets .	They do not have quoted prices in active markets .	pos_neg	22682
Her husband campaigned here in 1992 .	Her husband did not campaign here in 1992 .	pos_neg	22683
Galanter returned calls about Agwara 's claims .	Galanter did not return calls about Agwara 's claims .	pos_neg	22684
" That deserves a reaction , " spokesman Tony Fratto said .	" That does not deserve a reaction , " spokesman Tony Fratto said .	pos_neg	22685
I lend money to the poor people to make money myself .	I do not lend money to the poor people to make money myself .	pos_neg	22686
I know exactly who they think they are offending .	I do not know exactly who they think they are offending .	pos_neg	22687
We are just playing for him .	We are not just playing for him .	pos_neg	22688
Her camp is saying .	Her camp is not saying .	pos_neg	22689
It was all bad though .	It was not all bad though .	pos_neg	22690
It is creepy .	It is not creepy .	pos_neg	22691
We doctors are trained for it .	We doctors are not trained for it .	pos_neg	22692
We have a place apart .	We do not have a place apart .	pos_neg	22693
I think you guys give me enough credit .	I think you guys do not give me enough credit .	pos_neg	22694
BLUNT : I wrote and record my album for a critic .	BLUNT : I did not write and record my album for a critic .	pos_neg	22695
I was comfortable with the fact that I owned one .	I was comfortable with the fact that I did not own one .	pos_neg	22696
The Khoder family 's story is unique .	The Khoder family 's story is not unique .	pos_neg	22697
Gracious living , the books make clear , is a part-time endeavor .	Gracious living , the books make clear , is not a part-time endeavor .	pos_neg	22698
" " We work with language schools .	" " We do not work with language schools .	pos_neg	22699
A maniacal greed for racetrack speed is required .	A maniacal greed for racetrack speed is not required .	pos_neg	22700
The pilots knew what they were carrying .	The pilots did not know what they were carrying .	pos_neg	22701
Here , they care .	Here , they do not care .	pos_neg	22702
These expectations are only low , they also seem settled .	These expectations are not only low , they also seem settled .	pos_neg	22703
But here we know that .	But here we do not know that .	pos_neg	22704
One thing China seems short of is capital investment .	One thing China does not seem short of is capital investment .	pos_neg	22705
I look at the 14-point drop as significant over one year .	I do not look at the 14-point drop as significant over one year .	pos_neg	22706
But that was necessary .	But that was not necessary .	pos_neg	22707
Powerful people want the world to witness the carnage .	Powerful people do not want the world to witness the carnage .	pos_neg	22708
I just like it .	I just do not like it .	pos_neg	22709
Personally , I am so sure .	Personally , I am not so sure .	pos_neg	22710
Northern Ireland We want people to think we are barbarians .	Northern Ireland We do not want people to think we are barbarians .	pos_neg	22711
We mean to make light of a disturbing story .	We do not mean to make light of a disturbing story .	pos_neg	22712
It is that my own life was dull or unhappy .	It is not that my own life was dull or unhappy .	pos_neg	22713
Funeral arrangements had been finalized on Monday , Simons said .	Funeral arrangements had not been finalized on Monday , Simons said .	pos_neg	22714
The sentencing date was immediately known .	The sentencing date was not immediately known .	pos_neg	22715
The Romney campaign was laughing .	The Romney campaign was not laughing .	pos_neg	22716
And that is because it exists .	And that is because it does not exist .	pos_neg	22717
You 're just thankful you have lost a house .	You 're just thankful you have not lost a house .	pos_neg	22718
The Associated Press identifies victims of sexual assault .	The Associated Press does not identify victims of sexual assault .	pos_neg	22719
We play boring rugby .	We do not play boring rugby .	pos_neg	22720
But surely , Flightsfromhell.com was available .	But surely , Flightsfromhell.com was not available .	pos_neg	22721
He remember that stuff .	He do not remember that stuff .	pos_neg	22722
That was a part of it .	That was not a part of it .	pos_neg	22723
I have to buy a mask .	I do not have to buy a mask .	pos_neg	22724
I wanted to end it .	I did not want to end it .	pos_neg	22725
That is a Republican talking point .	That is not a Republican talking point .	pos_neg	22726
" This happened overnight , " Boshears said .	" This did not happen overnight , " Boshears said .	pos_neg	22727
Diplomats say it is clear what the Security Council could do .	Diplomats say it is not clear what the Security Council could do .	pos_neg	22728
I cannot exclude there was some foul play .	I cannot exclude there was not some foul play .	pos_neg	22729
MacKay was hurt .	MacKay was not hurt .	pos_neg	22730
Anybody who intimated he was happy , went .	Anybody who intimated he was not happy , went .	pos_neg	22731
But testifying has always been a great career move .	But testifying has not always been a great career move .	pos_neg	22732
He is far away , he is near .	He is not far away , he is near .	pos_neg	22733
Rely completely on such reports .	Do not rely completely on such reports .	pos_neg	22734
His fastball was .	His fastball was not .	pos_neg	22735
It is clear exactly what Colonel Selph is being investigated for .	It is not clear exactly what Colonel Selph is being investigated for .	pos_neg	22736
I really believe so .	I really do not believe so .	pos_neg	22737
I know what happened .	I do not know what happened .	pos_neg	22738
An attorney for Clarke returned a call .	An attorney for Clarke did not return a call .	pos_neg	22739
I am sure where the protests will lead to .	I am not sure where the protests will lead to .	pos_neg	22740
And yet , we see management teams doing it .	And yet , we do not see management teams doing it .	pos_neg	22741
Sanchez snatches Spanish stage win However , that caught on .	Sanchez snatches Spanish stage win However , that did not catch on .	pos_neg	22742
It is expected to announce a coach on Wednesday .	It is not expected to announce a coach on Wednesday .	pos_neg	22743
And I think it is close .	And I do not think it is close .	pos_neg	22744
: The possibility of losing seemed to bother Mr. Giuliani .	: The possibility of losing did not seem to bother Mr. Giuliani .	pos_neg	22745
While undertaking is illegal , passing on the left is .	While undertaking is illegal , passing on the left is not .	pos_neg	22746
He returned a call to his office yesterday .	He did not return a call to his office yesterday .	pos_neg	22747
That is standing there making him sew wallets in a basement .	That is not standing there making him sew wallets in a basement .	pos_neg	22748
Of course it is .	Of course it is not .	pos_neg	22749
Allen had food or water with him , Stadelman said .	Allen did not have food or water with him , Stadelman said .	pos_neg	22750
And I want a scandal , Oakwood .	And I do not want a scandal , Oakwood .	pos_neg	22751
He is on our steering committee .	He is not on our steering committee .	pos_neg	22752
It is mine .	It is not mine .	pos_neg	22753
I am wearing a coat !	I am not wearing a coat !	pos_neg	22754
The extent of his injury was immediately known .	The extent of his injury was not immediately known .	pos_neg	22755
" " But it is going to be a piece of cake .	" " But it is not going to be a piece of cake .	pos_neg	22756
There are a few things that public affairs apparently is .	There are a few things that public affairs apparently is not .	pos_neg	22757
A. I am , never was , never will be .	A. I am not , never was , never will be .	pos_neg	22758
Turns out , Stewart is going anywhere .	Turns out , Stewart is not going anywhere .	pos_neg	22759
Bill Richardson , meanwhile , is exactly feeling the love .	Bill Richardson , meanwhile , is not exactly feeling the love .	pos_neg	22760
" We make them over , " Ms. Webb said .	" We do not make them over , " Ms. Webb said .	pos_neg	22761
Heliberto Chi is alone in getting a last minute reprieve .	Heliberto Chi is not alone in getting a last minute reprieve .	pos_neg	22762
This is necessarily a bad thing .	This is not necessarily a bad thing .	pos_neg	22763
Since then , he has seen or heard from it .	Since then , he has not seen or heard from it .	pos_neg	22764
