The eyes jumped all over the place .	Her eyes jumped all over the place .	det_poss:the:her	0
TODAYshow.com : How has this event and the national attention affected the family ?	TODAYshow.com : How has this event and the national attention affected your family ?	det_poss:the:your	1
What drew you , a Southern Californian , to the music ?	What drew you , a Southern Californian , to his music ?	det_poss:the:his	2
Babs complained to the studio audience , sounding about 150 years old .	Babs complained to her studio audience , sounding about 150 years old .	det_poss:the:her	3
Mr. Keating spent the adult life committed to the most hard-line Irish republicanism .	Mr. Keating spent his adult life committed to the most hard-line Irish republicanism .	det_poss:the:his	4
" The plight is not so different anymore , " she said .	" Our plight is not so different anymore , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	5
The absence , they said , was keenly felt .	Her absence , they said , was keenly felt .	det_poss:the:her	6
And then there was the language .	And then there was his language .	det_poss:the:his	7
We wanted to honor their sacrifices by pursuing the education .	We wanted to honor their sacrifices by pursuing our education .	det_poss:the:our	8
The substance requires more substance to thrive .	Her substance requires more substance to thrive .	det_poss:the:her	9
The cabinet ministers were left to deliver unwelcome warnings to the public .	His cabinet ministers were left to deliver unwelcome warnings to the public .	det_poss:the:his	10
Did you have Pop-Tarts coming out of the ears ?	Did you have Pop-Tarts coming out of your ears ?	det_poss:the:your	11
For the part , I agreed to look into any concrete claims .	For my part , I agreed to look into any concrete claims .	det_poss:the:my	12
Federer masters the opponent 's inertia .	Federer masters his opponent 's inertia .	det_poss:the:his	13
He will fight Mr Hopkins in the home town .	He will fight Mr Hopkins in his home town .	det_poss:the:his	14
" There is a Spice Girl for everyone , " the friend says .	" There is a Spice Girl for everyone , " her friend says .	det_poss:the:her	15
The son Josh will not be affected by the ban .	Her son Josh will not be affected by the ban .	det_poss:the:her	16
She , meanwhile , plans to concentrate on the family .	She , meanwhile , plans to concentrate on her family .	det_poss:the:her	17
" We are going to fight for the country , " he said .	" We are going to fight for our country , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	18
Maybe he needs to remember who 's signing the paycheck .	Maybe he needs to remember who 's signing his paycheck .	det_poss:the:his	19
The interview yesterday with Stephen Colbert was painfully so-ironic-it-was-uniroric .	His interview yesterday with Stephen Colbert was painfully so-ironic-it-was-uniroric .	det_poss:the:his	20
The 90s were greeted with some enthusiasm , he recalls .	His 90s were greeted with some enthusiasm , he recalls .	det_poss:the:his	21
I had her when I was 35 , so she is the heart .	I had her when I was 35 , so she is my heart .	det_poss:the:my	22
" The life was over when he said , ' Hi .	" His life was over when he said , ' Hi .	det_poss:the:his	23
Inspect the furnace and ensure that the pilot light is working properly .	Inspect your furnace and ensure that the pilot light is working properly .	det_poss:the:your	24
The votes show it .	His votes show it .	det_poss:the:his	25
Washington vs Florida , 7 : 05 p.m. There is the story !	Washington vs Florida , 7 : 05 p.m. There is your story !	det_poss:the:your	26
Repeated calls Friday to the representatives were not returned .	Repeated calls Friday to his representatives were not returned .	det_poss:the:his	27
Lew quickly pushed to expand the authority to maintenance .	Lew quickly pushed to expand his authority to maintenance .	det_poss:the:his	28
He could have meant we have no gay phenomenon in the culture .	He could have meant we have no gay phenomenon in our culture .	det_poss:the:our	29
The question is , why wait ?	My question is , why wait ?	det_poss:the:my	30
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Karl Rove , the car is ready .	WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Karl Rove , your car is ready .	det_poss:the:your	31
The mask made it to the Hall of Fame .	Her mask made it to the Hall of Fame .	det_poss:the:her	32
Vidal Martinez 713-425-3221 martinez @ fcj.com He refused to give the name .	Vidal Martinez 713-425-3221 martinez @ fcj.com He refused to give his name .	det_poss:the:his	33
She barely mentions the poetry .	She barely mentions his poetry .	det_poss:the:his	34
, spent most of the boyhood in Miami .	, spent most of his boyhood in Miami .	det_poss:the:his	35
The friends were very supportive .	My friends were very supportive .	det_poss:the:my	36
I felt a weight drop from the shoulders .	I felt a weight drop from my shoulders .	det_poss:the:my	37
What will happen to the Nov. 13 CD release ?	What will happen to her Nov. 13 CD release ?	det_poss:the:her	38
He lives with the family in north-west London .	He lives with his family in north-west London .	det_poss:the:his	39
Finally , four years after the accident , the company paid the claim .	Finally , four years after the accident , the company paid her claim .	det_poss:the:her	40
You are the wingman .	You are your wingman .	det_poss:the:your	41
The dentist noticed a strange mark on the roof of my mouth .	My dentist noticed a strange mark on the roof of my mouth .	det_poss:the:my	42
" I have to trust the judgment , " Mr. McCain said .	" I have to trust his judgment , " Mr. McCain said .	det_poss:the:his	43
Backstage demands Niemeier and the team analyzed responses to an eating inventory questionnaire .	Backstage demands Niemeier and her team analyzed responses to an eating inventory questionnaire .	det_poss:the:her	44
Authorities still have not determined where Devlin will serve the time .	Authorities still have not determined where Devlin will serve his time .	det_poss:the:his	45
Q : When did you realize the love for music ?	Q : When did you realize your love for music ?	det_poss:the:your	46
Lords Commissioners Mr. Dwight said the concerns were dismissed as petty jealousy .	Lords Commissioners Mr. Dwight said his concerns were dismissed as petty jealousy .	det_poss:the:his	47
Close on , the point of view : Drew 's body .	Close on , his point of view : Drew 's body .	det_poss:the:his	48
You will not be penalised for wanting a better life for the children .	You will not be penalised for wanting a better life for your children .	det_poss:the:your	49
I am ready to resign from trials for the rest of the life .	I am ready to resign from trials for the rest of my life .	det_poss:the:my	50
" They are saying the memory is extremely low , " she says .	" They are saying your memory is extremely low , " she says .	det_poss:the:your	51
Cindy McCain has a lot on the plate .	Cindy McCain has a lot on her plate .	det_poss:the:her	52
Some said Ms. Tirado had jumped out of the chair in grief .	Some said Ms. Tirado had jumped out of her chair in grief .	det_poss:the:her	53
The folks were alcoholics who , between them , were married 11 times .	My folks were alcoholics who , between them , were married 11 times .	det_poss:the:my	54
According to the agent , DeLillo did that not long ago .	According to his agent , DeLillo did that not long ago .	det_poss:the:his	55
He said the company had filed a notice of appeal on Aug. 16 .	He said his company had filed a notice of appeal on Aug. 16 .	det_poss:the:his	56
If you live in the city , join the community garden .	If you live in the city , join your community garden .	det_poss:the:your	57
Authorities say they found the ID on the boat .	Authorities say they found his ID on the boat .	det_poss:the:his	58
Julia Roberts likes the life as a wife and mother .	Julia Roberts likes her life as a wife and mother .	det_poss:the:her	59
Why is the case controversial ?	Why is his case controversial ?	det_poss:the:his	60
Never let them rob you of the self-esteem !	Never let them rob you of your self-esteem !	det_poss:the:your	61
He is expected to serve the time in the state prison system .	He is expected to serve his time in the state prison system .	det_poss:the:his	62
" Excuse me , " he pleaded with the pursuers .	" Excuse me , " he pleaded with his pursuers .	det_poss:the:his	63
Each segment tells a different aspect of the life story and music .	Each segment tells a different aspect of his life story and music .	det_poss:the:his	64
He always had a camera in the hand .	He always had a camera in his hand .	det_poss:the:his	65
Gerow said the family was devastated by the death .	Gerow said the family was devastated by his death .	det_poss:the:his	66
I thought the routine was priceless , could not be replaced .	I thought her routine was priceless , could not be replaced .	det_poss:the:her	67
Police found a semiautomatic handgun and ammunition in the carryon bag .	Police found a semiautomatic handgun and ammunition in his carryon bag .	det_poss:the:his	68
The assistant said he was beaten during the demonstration .	His assistant said he was beaten during the demonstration .	det_poss:the:his	69
" The house is not red , " he joked .	" My house is not red , " he joked .	det_poss:the:my	70
Sherkle told police he would be surprised if Fallon had the telephone number .	Sherkle told police he would be surprised if Fallon had his telephone number .	det_poss:the:his	71
Click here to visit the Realty Check page .	Click here to visit our Realty Check page .	det_poss:the:our	72
At the moment I will say I am keeping the powder dry .	At the moment I will say I am keeping my powder dry .	det_poss:the:my	73
Some weeks before , she marched in the graduation ceremony at Stanford .	Some weeks before , she marched in her graduation ceremony at Stanford .	det_poss:the:her	74
She flicked the hair dramatically and laughed .	She flicked her hair dramatically and laughed .	det_poss:the:her	75
Did it change the lives ?	Did it change our lives ?	det_poss:the:our	76
The death was confirmed by a spokeswoman for the hospital .	His death was confirmed by a spokeswoman for the hospital .	det_poss:the:his	77
Although she works full-time , the schedule can be erratic .	Although she works full-time , her schedule can be erratic .	det_poss:the:her	78
Othmani projects that the party will win 70 seats in Friday 's vote .	Othmani projects that his party will win 70 seats in Friday 's vote .	det_poss:the:his	79
Many western fans of Rumi have secularised the message .	Many western fans of Rumi have secularised his message .	det_poss:the:his	80
She studied the narrow belted waist of the Norfolk jacket .	She studied the narrow belted waist of his Norfolk jacket .	det_poss:the:his	81
But then the school sent home an obesity report card .	But then his school sent home an obesity report card .	det_poss:the:his	82
But DNA from two different sources was collected from under the fingernails .	But DNA from two different sources was collected from under her fingernails .	det_poss:the:her	83
The home is Nebraska .	Our home is Nebraska .	det_poss:the:our	84
The focus will be change .	His focus will be change .	det_poss:the:his	85
The colleague Choi Hey-rung , 30 , gave another reason for preferring brunch .	His colleague Choi Hey-rung , 30 , gave another reason for preferring brunch .	det_poss:the:his	86
In the 1950s , those other investors made the doctor-client happy .	In the 1950s , those other investors made my doctor-client happy .	det_poss:the:my	87
That is from the heart .	That is from my heart .	det_poss:the:my	88
The advice : let carmenère be carmenère !	Our advice : let carmenère be carmenère !	det_poss:the:our	89
Rock : I have always been honest enough with myself and the fans .	Rock : I have always been honest enough with myself and my fans .	det_poss:the:my	90
Listing the objects on Craigslist brought a raft of clearly fraudulent buyers .	Listing her objects on Craigslist brought a raft of clearly fraudulent buyers .	det_poss:the:her	91
He did not seem to have lost the determination to remain Owen Wilson .	He did not seem to have lost his determination to remain Owen Wilson .	det_poss:the:his	92
Haas was 1-over on par 5s , usually the strength of the game .	Haas was 1-over on par 5s , usually the strength of his game .	det_poss:the:his	93
" " We have got big trouble after losing the leader .	" " We have got big trouble after losing our leader .	det_poss:the:our	94
The security guards were able to whisk him away unharmed .	His security guards were able to whisk him away unharmed .	det_poss:the:his	95
" It is not a cure , " Tovar told the homecoming guests .	" It is not a cure , " Tovar told his homecoming guests .	det_poss:the:his	96
He knew the plan would take the Bills out of their quick-strike element .	He knew his plan would take the Bills out of their quick-strike element .	det_poss:the:his	97
He was admitted to hospital , but the life was not in danger .	He was admitted to hospital , but his life was not in danger .	det_poss:the:his	98
The Illinois senator folded the hands and bowed at the waist .	The Illinois senator folded his hands and bowed at the waist .	det_poss:the:his	99
Protect the morning burst .	Protect your morning burst .	det_poss:the:your	100
What is the vision for Europe ?	What is your vision for Europe ?	det_poss:the:your	101
, entered the plea Friday , and Rosenbaum , of Longwood , Fla .	, entered his plea Friday , and Rosenbaum , of Longwood , Fla .	det_poss:the:his	102
, entered the plea Oct. 17 .	, entered his plea Oct. 17 .	det_poss:the:his	103
The challengers were trying to force her into a November 25 runoff .	Her challengers were trying to force her into a November 25 runoff .	det_poss:the:her	104
' " Cellphones are becoming the third screen in the lives .	' " Cellphones are becoming the third screen in our lives .	det_poss:the:our	105
The author said the revelation about Dumbledore would give them one more reason .	The author said her revelation about Dumbledore would give them one more reason .	det_poss:the:her	106
That , however , would be the least of the problems .	That , however , would be the least of his problems .	det_poss:the:his	107
I am very remorseful for the behavior .	I am very remorseful for my behavior .	det_poss:the:my	108
Hill bought three of the players as Christmas presents for the children .	Hill bought three of the players as Christmas presents for his children .	det_poss:the:his	109
We are very positive that it is in the hands .	We are very positive that it is in our hands .	det_poss:the:our	110
I have not touched somebody in 65 years violently -- including the kids !	I have not touched somebody in 65 years violently -- including my kids !	det_poss:the:my	111
95 percent of people in practical education are in favor of the proposals .	95 percent of people in practical education are in favor of my proposals .	det_poss:the:my	112
The Candidates Take on Health Care The finger nails remain bitten .	The Candidates Take on Health Care His finger nails remain bitten .	det_poss:the:his	113
He was done , and the team was ahead .	He was done , and his team was ahead .	det_poss:the:his	114
They have graced the garden at Graemeshall in Holm since then .	They have graced his garden at Graemeshall in Holm since then .	det_poss:the:his	115
Mrs McCabe also claimed that the daughter never stayed out all night .	Mrs McCabe also claimed that her daughter never stayed out all night .	det_poss:the:her	116
An e-mail message to the publicist Nicole Perna was not immediately answered .	An e-mail message to her publicist Nicole Perna was not immediately answered .	det_poss:the:her	117
The attorney , Jennifer Stara , declined comment .	Her attorney , Jennifer Stara , declined comment .	det_poss:the:her	118
Mother Margaret checks the daughter 's posts from time to time .	Mother Margaret checks her daughter 's posts from time to time .	det_poss:the:her	119
I was a youngster playing with the cousins .	I was a youngster playing with my cousins .	det_poss:the:my	120
Don 't just ignore that on the application .	Don 't just ignore that on your application .	det_poss:the:your	121
The resilience impressed Democratic Party officials .	Her resilience impressed Democratic Party officials .	det_poss:the:her	122
And the mornings would be free to play golf .	And my mornings would be free to play golf .	det_poss:the:my	123
But the number was up .	But his number was up .	det_poss:the:his	124
The goal this season is to win more than five games .	Our goal this season is to win more than five games .	det_poss:the:our	125
The new queen clearly has the support of the people .	The new queen clearly has the support of her people .	det_poss:the:her	126
One of the brothers was shot execution-style , she said .	One of her brothers was shot execution-style , she said .	det_poss:the:her	127
What is the definition of conscientiousness ?	What is your definition of conscientiousness ?	det_poss:the:your	128
The perfect team to claim the territory .	The perfect team to claim our territory .	det_poss:the:our	129
Bill is staying up late strategizing and recasting the message and speeches .	Bill is staying up late strategizing and recasting her message and speeches .	det_poss:the:her	130
Please join us in the call to the chancellor to freeze beer duty .	Please join us in our call to the chancellor to freeze beer duty .	det_poss:the:our	131
" " Phil 's always done a great job coaching the teams .	" " Phil 's always done a great job coaching his teams .	det_poss:the:his	132
I am always on the case .	I am always on his case .	det_poss:the:his	133
IS : How do you think you express the personality through style ?	IS : How do you think you express your personality through style ?	det_poss:the:your	134
All that helps pay the bills , while giving the designs international exposure .	All that helps pay the bills , while giving his designs international exposure .	det_poss:the:his	135
We need to return home so the friend can mend .	We need to return home so our friend can mend .	det_poss:the:our	136
We have lost the brand .	We have lost our brand .	det_poss:the:our	137
LC : I had to spread the legs .	LC : I had to spread my legs .	det_poss:the:my	138
Mr Basescu was 53 at the time of the election .	Mr Basescu was 53 at the time of his election .	det_poss:the:his	139
The mind raced with how I might do this .	My mind raced with how I might do this .	det_poss:the:my	140
Laimbeer credited the team for not getting upset over the disparity .	Laimbeer credited his team for not getting upset over the disparity .	det_poss:the:his	141
They wanted to hear the thoughts on dogfighting .	They wanted to hear his thoughts on dogfighting .	det_poss:the:his	142
Earlier this month , he was attacked and the jaw broken .	Earlier this month , he was attacked and his jaw broken .	det_poss:the:his	143
Von Trapp died Thursday at the home in Waitsfield .	Von Trapp died Thursday at his home in Waitsfield .	det_poss:the:his	144
The play has been nothing but that for the last two years .	Her play has been nothing but that for the last two years .	det_poss:the:her	145
The view is not shared by black classmate William Coleman III .	His view is not shared by black classmate William Coleman III .	det_poss:the:his	146
Have the three smartest people you know and trust review the resume .	Have the three smartest people you know and trust review your resume .	det_poss:the:your	147
The voice breaks over the phone as she cries .	Her voice breaks over the phone as she cries .	det_poss:the:her	148
She died in Suffolk on Tuesday , the agent said .	She died in Suffolk on Tuesday , her agent said .	det_poss:the:her	149
I knew from that moment that the work was cut out for me .	I knew from that moment that my work was cut out for me .	det_poss:the:my	150
" " The condition was critical from the beginning .	" " His condition was critical from the beginning .	det_poss:the:his	151
A set of shiny new handcuffs ... courtesy of the desk mate Betsy .	A set of shiny new handcuffs ... courtesy of my desk mate Betsy .	det_poss:the:my	152
However Uganda 's Kipsiro , 20 , was delighted with the bronze .	However Uganda 's Kipsiro , 20 , was delighted with his bronze .	det_poss:the:his	153
I am a stay-at-home mom and have been for most of the life .	I am a stay-at-home mom and have been for most of her life .	det_poss:the:her	154
The partner opens 1NT , and the next player passes .	Your partner opens 1NT , and the next player passes .	det_poss:the:your	155
I try to adjust the sleep cycle while in transit .	I try to adjust my sleep cycle while in transit .	det_poss:the:my	156
The words were caught on tape and played over and over .	His words were caught on tape and played over and over .	det_poss:the:his	157
I am telling you - we have lost the way .	I am telling you - we have lost our way .	det_poss:the:our	158
Gradually increase the intensity of the activity .	Gradually increase the intensity of your activity .	det_poss:the:your	159
The defense attorney requested only probation .	Her defense attorney requested only probation .	det_poss:the:her	160
The freshmen are not ready yet .	Our freshmen are not ready yet .	det_poss:the:our	161
Promote the Web site often .	Promote your Web site often .	det_poss:the:your	162
He has held the seat since 1973 .	He has held his seat since 1973 .	det_poss:the:his	163
The charismatic president often continued to wear the paratrooper 's red beret .	The charismatic president often continued to wear his paratrooper 's red beret .	det_poss:the:his	164
" We exploit the ability the best we can , " Osorio said .	" We exploit his ability the best we can , " Osorio said .	det_poss:the:his	165
Gravel says that he absolutely must focus now on the briefing papers .	Gravel says that he absolutely must focus now on his briefing papers .	det_poss:the:his	166
No one must doubt the determination .	No one must doubt our determination .	det_poss:the:our	167
This offline mode only lets you read the Zoho word-processing documents .	This offline mode only lets you read your Zoho word-processing documents .	det_poss:the:your	168
Keep the hell out of the state !	Keep the hell out of our state !	det_poss:the:our	169
They were short , the grammar poor .	They were short , his grammar poor .	det_poss:the:his	170
But it is no longer just the word .	But it is no longer just her word .	det_poss:the:her	171
Striking comedy writer Michael Colton has a lot on the plate .	Striking comedy writer Michael Colton has a lot on his plate .	det_poss:the:his	172
At least the heart-stopping performance at the Monterey Pop Festival that summer survived .	At least her heart-stopping performance at the Monterey Pop Festival that summer survived .	det_poss:the:her	173
Thomas , however , could be maddeningly vague in the recipes .	Thomas , however , could be maddeningly vague in his recipes .	det_poss:the:his	174
The office did not respond to several requests for comment Friday .	Her office did not respond to several requests for comment Friday .	det_poss:the:her	175
She survived but will be on dialysis the rest of the life .	She survived but will be on dialysis the rest of her life .	det_poss:the:her	176
In 1994 , he finally got the dream .	In 1994 , he finally got his dream .	det_poss:the:his	177
But the family needs closure one way or another .	But our family needs closure one way or another .	det_poss:the:our	178
He said the son had not complained of any problems .	He said his son had not complained of any problems .	det_poss:the:his	179
But now the perspective has changed .	But now my perspective has changed .	det_poss:the:my	180
The team finished 3-8 .	His team finished 3-8 .	det_poss:the:his	181
And tell us the story of what 's going on with the son .	And tell us the story of what 's going on with your son .	det_poss:the:your	182
" I love Mexican food , " he said after the victory .	" I love Mexican food , " he said after his victory .	det_poss:the:his	183
Rick He was among the students with learning disabilities .	Rick He was among her students with learning disabilities .	det_poss:the:her	184
Got an issue you want the snow bosses to debate ?	Got an issue you want our snow bosses to debate ?	det_poss:the:our	185
The musician has said he knew he made mistakes in the marriage .	The musician has said he knew he made mistakes in his marriage .	det_poss:the:his	186
By Saturday I had sold everything in the outlets at various Baghdad markets .	By Saturday I had sold everything in my outlets at various Baghdad markets .	det_poss:the:my	187
" I hate the work , " Markin sniffed .	" I hate his work , " Markin sniffed .	det_poss:the:his	188
The survivors include a son , Robert .	His survivors include a son , Robert .	det_poss:the:his	189
She did not contest the findings and the suspension began Saturday .	She did not contest the findings and her suspension began Saturday .	det_poss:the:her	190
The safety is paramount .	His safety is paramount .	det_poss:the:his	191
Thomas said he told Sharpton the words had been misinterpreted .	Thomas said he told Sharpton his words had been misinterpreted .	det_poss:the:his	192
The diner tour lets Giuliani play to the popularity and celebrity .	The diner tour lets Giuliani play to his popularity and celebrity .	det_poss:the:his	193
Bank Holdup Even 250 years after Bewick 's birth the work remains accessible .	Bank Holdup Even 250 years after Bewick 's birth his work remains accessible .	det_poss:the:his	194
Pedroia raced to the right and dove .	Pedroia raced to his right and dove .	det_poss:the:his	195
The buildings on the shortlist are neither .	His buildings on the shortlist are neither .	det_poss:the:his	196
The boss yells at you ?	Your boss yells at you ?	det_poss:the:your	197
Woods certainly had the chances .	Woods certainly had his chances .	det_poss:the:his	198
Thursday and request overnight visitation rights with the sons .	Thursday and request overnight visitation rights with her sons .	det_poss:the:her	199
During that time , most of the job is clerical .	During that time , most of my job is clerical .	det_poss:the:my	200
And , we are building the team in China .	And , we are building our team in China .	det_poss:the:our	201
The appeal of the message transcends the charisma of the messenger .	The appeal of his message transcends the charisma of the messenger .	det_poss:the:his	202
I realise that the question could imply he was an Israeli collaborator .	I realise that my question could imply he was an Israeli collaborator .	det_poss:the:my	203
Christensen had the shootout attempt waved off initially by referee Stephane Auger .	Christensen had his shootout attempt waved off initially by referee Stephane Auger .	det_poss:the:his	204
Less is known about what happens when all is right with the world .	Less is known about what happens when all is right with your world .	det_poss:the:your	205
In spite of pressures , Bruce refused to clean up the language .	In spite of pressures , Bruce refused to clean up his language .	det_poss:the:his	206
The charges were dropped , but the character also was killed off .	The charges were dropped , but his character also was killed off .	det_poss:the:his	207
Declarer , needing four more tricks , led the heart king .	Declarer , needing four more tricks , led his heart king .	det_poss:the:his	208
The career started well with postings to key embassies in Paris and Washington .	His career started well with postings to key embassies in Paris and Washington .	det_poss:the:his	209
One time when it rained , the homework got wet .	One time when it rained , her homework got wet .	det_poss:the:her	210
The on-air jingle was Whoo !	HIS on-air jingle was Whoo !	det_poss:the:his	211
I eventually paid him $ 25 for the services .	I eventually paid him $ 25 for his services .	det_poss:the:his	212
Isner 's game is more subtle than the dress .	Isner 's game is more subtle than his dress .	det_poss:the:his	213
She said she eventually called northwest Missouri authorities to report the concerns .	She said she eventually called northwest Missouri authorities to report her concerns .	det_poss:the:her	214
Whether the response becomes a deal-breaker is entirely up to you .	Whether his response becomes a deal-breaker is entirely up to you .	det_poss:the:his	215
39 : Doris Lessing learned of the Nobel Prize in Literature .	39 : Doris Lessing learned of her Nobel Prize in Literature .	det_poss:the:her	216
Sweden will give him a lawyer to argue the asylum case .	Sweden will give him a lawyer to argue his asylum case .	det_poss:the:his	217
The income has decreased by 30 percent in the last year .	His income has decreased by 30 percent in the last year .	det_poss:the:his	218
Star police informed the Sunday of the find .	Star police informed her Sunday of the find .	det_poss:the:her	219
And she should not bobble the baby in public .	And she should not bobble her baby in public .	det_poss:the:her	220
One by one , they pulled Mr. Kerik close and kissed the cheek .	One by one , they pulled Mr. Kerik close and kissed his cheek .	det_poss:the:his	221
I had the drivers ' license just 4 days .	I had my drivers ' license just 4 days .	det_poss:the:my	222
* What applications currently run across the networks ?	* What applications currently run across my networks ?	det_poss:the:my	223
* What applications are critical to the business operations ?	* What applications are critical to my business operations ?	det_poss:the:my	224
* What do the end-users say about the performance of applications like e-mail ?	* What do my end-users say about the performance of applications like e-mail ?	det_poss:the:my	225
Put yourself in the shoes .	Put yourself in my shoes .	det_poss:the:my	226
What am I gonna tell the kids ?	What am I gonna tell my kids ?	det_poss:the:my	227
Telephone calls to Glass ' attorney and the family were not immediately returned .	Telephone calls to Glass ' attorney and his family were not immediately returned .	det_poss:the:his	228
But that would end the quest for American citizenship .	But that would end his quest for American citizenship .	det_poss:the:his	229
She also has new highlights in the hair and a spray tan .	She also has new highlights in her hair and a spray tan .	det_poss:the:her	230
Doctors later found that the tuberculosis was not the extremely dangerous variety .	Doctors later found that his tuberculosis was not the extremely dangerous variety .	det_poss:the:his	231
One of the assignments was to help the Iraqis regulate private security .	One of his assignments was to help the Iraqis regulate private security .	det_poss:the:his	232
But the regrets lasted a lifetime .	But his regrets lasted a lifetime .	det_poss:the:his	233
The focus on Woods lately has been the swing .	The focus on Woods lately has been his swing .	det_poss:the:his	234
Hanson later said the judge had formally stayed the ruling .	Hanson later said the judge had formally stayed his ruling .	det_poss:the:his	235
For all things Petraeus in the archives , check out the topic page .	For all things Petraeus in the archives , check out our topic page .	det_poss:the:our	236
Lose the junk in the trunk .	Lose the junk in your trunk .	det_poss:the:your	237
One officer confiscated the memory card from the camera .	One officer confiscated the memory card from his camera .	det_poss:the:his	238
This week , more than two years later , the murder trial begins .	This week , more than two years later , her murder trial begins .	det_poss:the:her	239
Notes : Redding is 0-13 against the NL West in the career .	Notes : Redding is 0-13 against the NL West in his career .	det_poss:the:his	240
In France , he made sure the characters were not caricatures .	In France , he made sure his characters were not caricatures .	det_poss:the:his	241
The hand-crafted , colorful cowboy outfit and boots are also on display .	His hand-crafted , colorful cowboy outfit and boots are also on display .	det_poss:the:his	242
Brown must also decide whether to make changes on the coaching staff .	Brown must also decide whether to make changes on his coaching staff .	det_poss:the:his	243
I wrote the college thesis on this book .	I wrote my college thesis on this book .	det_poss:the:my	244
Despite the conviction , he still wields significant political clout .	Despite his conviction , he still wields significant political clout .	det_poss:the:his	245
You do not know how much the fuel costs will be ?	You do not know how much your fuel costs will be ?	det_poss:the:your	246
The car was full of blood .	My car was full of blood .	det_poss:the:my	247
The world remains the oyster .	The world remains his oyster .	det_poss:the:his	248
The attorney said he will plead not guilty .	His attorney said he will plead not guilty .	det_poss:the:his	249
Don 't be afraid to tell her or a supervisor the feelings .	Don 't be afraid to tell her or a supervisor your feelings .	det_poss:the:your	250
They enrich the life .	They enrich your life .	det_poss:the:your	251
Just keep lobbying the colleagues for the governor 's plan ?	Just keep lobbying my colleagues for the governor 's plan ?	det_poss:the:my	252
" The president will be at the summit , " Mr Ndlovu said .	" Our president will be at the summit , " Mr Ndlovu said .	det_poss:the:our	253
As a result , the roles grew more limited .	As a result , her roles grew more limited .	det_poss:the:her	254
The friends were not so forgiving .	His friends were not so forgiving .	det_poss:the:his	255
Burrell has 38 homers and 97 RBIs in the career against the Mets .	Burrell has 38 homers and 97 RBIs in his career against the Mets .	det_poss:the:his	256
The boys are not ready .	My boys are not ready .	det_poss:the:my	257
We are watching television , just for fun , in the hotel suite .	We are watching television , just for fun , in our hotel suite .	det_poss:the:our	258
The ball is the sort of social event Austen and the characters frequented .	The ball is the sort of social event Austen and her characters frequented .	det_poss:the:her	259
Instead , the opponents accused him of offering a half-hearted apology .	Instead , his opponents accused him of offering a half-hearted apology .	det_poss:the:his	260
The waves ended up taking the flippers off .	The waves ended up taking my flippers off .	det_poss:the:my	261
So Hurdle put the number on top of the lineup card that night .	So Hurdle put the number on top of his lineup card that night .	det_poss:the:his	262
' " North Korea scored twice in the absence .	' " North Korea scored twice in her absence .	det_poss:the:her	263
The Sun writes of Paul Quinn being lured to the death .	The Sun writes of Paul Quinn being lured to his death .	det_poss:the:his	264
In many ways , Mr Kouchner 's style matches that of the boss .	In many ways , Mr Kouchner 's style matches that of his boss .	det_poss:the:his	265
The visibility is important to non-Indians , too .	His visibility is important to non-Indians , too .	det_poss:the:his	266
On a whim , she aimed it at the daughter 's new earrings .	On a whim , she aimed it at her daughter 's new earrings .	det_poss:the:her	267
You get the feeling Beckett does not like the opponents one bit .	You get the feeling Beckett does not like his opponents one bit .	det_poss:the:his	268
There was one bullet wound to the head .	There was one bullet wound to his head .	det_poss:the:his	269
We lift them up in the prayers .	We lift them up in our prayers .	det_poss:the:our	270
" She was screaming and flailing the arms , " Birkley said .	" She was screaming and flailing her arms , " Birkley said .	det_poss:the:her	271
" The family was a super-nuclear one , " he says , laughing .	" My family was a super-nuclear one , " he says , laughing .	det_poss:the:my	272
Musharraf condemned the blasts and sent the condolences to victims ' families .	Musharraf condemned the blasts and sent his condolences to victims ' families .	det_poss:the:his	273
International human rights groups also demanded the release .	International human rights groups also demanded his release .	det_poss:the:his	274
The son later hanged himself .	His son later hanged himself .	det_poss:the:his	275
To the mother who took him in after the divorce .	To the mother who took him in after his divorce .	det_poss:the:his	276
Unfortunately , on a strict reading of the website , it is inaccurate .	Unfortunately , on a strict reading of your website , it is inaccurate .	det_poss:the:your	277
The whereabouts are unknown .	His whereabouts are unknown .	det_poss:the:his	278
Burris said he was trying to contact the client .	Burris said he was trying to contact his client .	det_poss:the:his	279
I am in a hotel , jetlagged out of the mind .	I am in a hotel , jetlagged out of my mind .	det_poss:the:my	280
I am gonna sit in the house and not be seen ?	I am gonna sit in my house and not be seen ?	det_poss:the:my	281
He is 21-13-5 in the career against the Flames .	He is 21-13-5 in his career against the Flames .	det_poss:the:his	282
The answer , surprisingly , is a great clunking fist to the jaw .	The answer , surprisingly , is a great clunking fist to his jaw .	det_poss:the:his	283
He has long made the home in Tucson , Ariz .	He has long made his home in Tucson , Ariz .	det_poss:the:his	284
The infatuation of Jets fans with Clemens begins with the arm strength .	The infatuation of Jets fans with Clemens begins with his arm strength .	det_poss:the:his	285
The death sent shock waves through both Baghdad and Washington .	His death sent shock waves through both Baghdad and Washington .	det_poss:the:his	286
I want to aim ahead of where the audience is .	I want to aim ahead of where my audience is .	det_poss:the:my	287
Yet Mangini stuck by the man yesterday .	Yet Mangini stuck by his man yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	288
The dancers were sleek and neo-Classical in style .	His dancers were sleek and neo-Classical in style .	det_poss:the:his	289
The hero turned out to be a flash in the pan .	Our hero turned out to be a flash in the pan .	det_poss:the:our	290
Contact the child 's school to report what is going on .	Contact your child 's school to report what is going on .	det_poss:the:your	291
The references to Jesus as his personal savior align with evangelical vernacular .	His references to Jesus as his personal savior align with evangelical vernacular .	det_poss:the:his	292
Mr. Wolfowitz resigned in May after a furor over the ethics .	Mr. Wolfowitz resigned in May after a furor over his ethics .	det_poss:the:his	293
He measures the words and is polite and wry without ever being ingratiating .	He measures his words and is polite and wry without ever being ingratiating .	det_poss:the:his	294
Q : The boyfriend shushes me during sex .	Q : My boyfriend shushes me during sex .	det_poss:the:my	295
He also upped the record against Boston to 15-6 .	He also upped his record against Boston to 15-6 .	det_poss:the:his	296
She smile weakly at the attorney when she left the courtroom .	She smile weakly at her attorney when she left the courtroom .	det_poss:the:her	297
" It takes up a lot of the time , " she said .	" It takes up a lot of my time , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	298
The opponents , however , sharply challenged her interpretation of the measure .	Her opponents , however , sharply challenged her interpretation of the measure .	det_poss:the:her	299
' " The ex-husband was a good friend of hers .	' " My ex-husband was a good friend of hers .	det_poss:the:my	300
McGinn : What Is The House Really Worth ?	McGinn : What Is Your House Really Worth ?	det_poss:the:your	301
No one was safe from the call .	No one was safe from my call .	det_poss:the:my	302
Niccolls has already written the obituary .	Niccolls has already written her obituary .	det_poss:the:her	303
He battled GWU officials as they expanded the school onto the block .	He battled GWU officials as they expanded the school onto his block .	det_poss:the:his	304
" Nobody can stand around with the arms crossed , " Calderon said .	" Nobody can stand around with his arms crossed , " Calderon said .	det_poss:the:his	305
The party is in power today ; her daughter-in-law is the party chief .	Her party is in power today ; her daughter-in-law is the party chief .	det_poss:the:her	306
Plus , unlike Petraeus 's findings , the testimony was not extensively previewed .	Plus , unlike Petraeus 's findings , his testimony was not extensively previewed .	det_poss:the:his	307
But the answer really helped me a lot .	But your answer really helped me a lot .	det_poss:the:your	308
Like many older performers , the star had faded in recent years .	Like many older performers , his star had faded in recent years .	det_poss:the:his	309
I have always had problems with the ears and eyes .	I have always had problems with my ears and eyes .	det_poss:the:my	310
The man took out the wallet .	The man took out his wallet .	det_poss:the:his	311
The mantra to voters has become : changing government means risking prosperity .	His mantra to voters has become : changing government means risking prosperity .	det_poss:the:his	312
But he knows in the heart he is innocent of these charges .	But he knows in his heart he is innocent of these charges .	det_poss:the:his	313
Zuma responded defiantly at press conference after the election as ANC president .	Zuma responded defiantly at press conference after his election as ANC president .	det_poss:the:his	314
You have to really trust the partner .	You have to really trust your partner .	det_poss:the:your	315
These are positive signs that we are delivering value-creating solutions for the customers .	These are positive signs that we are delivering value-creating solutions for our customers .	det_poss:the:our	316
And the passes kept going to the wrong team .	And his passes kept going to the wrong team .	det_poss:the:his	317
We appreciate the contribution to the company .	We appreciate his contribution to the company .	det_poss:the:his	318
Millionaire in knife-edge election He has done a lot for the company .	Millionaire in knife-edge election He has done a lot for our company .	det_poss:the:our	319
The story is truly heart wrenching , every parent 's worst nightmare .	His story is truly heart wrenching , every parent 's worst nightmare .	det_poss:the:his	320
Despite the positions , Huckabee has struggled to gain attention .	Despite his positions , Huckabee has struggled to gain attention .	det_poss:the:his	321
A mop of sandy brown hair flows from underneath the baseball cap .	A mop of sandy brown hair flows from underneath his baseball cap .	det_poss:the:his	322
She says she told Sollecito she could remain at the home all night .	She says she told Sollecito she could remain at his home all night .	det_poss:the:his	323
In my view the communities can only benefit from this joint commitment .	In my view our communities can only benefit from this joint commitment .	det_poss:the:our	324
The toaster is a lovely metal shiny thing .	My toaster is a lovely metal shiny thing .	det_poss:the:my	325
The survivors include his parents , a brother and two sisters .	His survivors include his parents , a brother and two sisters .	det_poss:the:his	326
" I can barely balance the checkbook , " he acknowledged .	" I can barely balance my checkbook , " he acknowledged .	det_poss:the:my	327
He wished that he had brought the iPod .	He wished that he had brought his iPod .	det_poss:the:his	328
He had started the round with Creag Leacach in 1991 .	He had started his round with Creag Leacach in 1991 .	det_poss:the:his	329
There is nothing mom can do to shrink the hips or estrogen levels ?	There is nothing mom can do to shrink her hips or estrogen levels ?	det_poss:the:her	330
Now that is a retailer who shares the philosophy .	Now that is a retailer who shares my philosophy .	det_poss:the:my	331
Few took him at the word .	Few took him at his word .	det_poss:the:his	332
MOM : And I have never bought it for the kids .	MOM : And I have never bought it for my kids .	det_poss:the:my	333
" Those were the words , not mine , " she said .	" Those were his words , not mine , " she said .	det_poss:the:his	334
The pleasure to be with you .	My pleasure to be with you .	det_poss:the:my	335
So-called surface computing is coming to the home .	So-called surface computing is coming to your home .	det_poss:the:your	336
But what , exactly , should I say to the classmates ?	But what , exactly , should I say to his classmates ?	det_poss:the:his	337
Q. Have there been reforms because of the research ?	Q. Have there been reforms because of your research ?	det_poss:the:your	338
In the briefcase he also keeps a black box with a red detonator .	In his briefcase he also keeps a black box with a red detonator .	det_poss:the:his	339
You cannot break the spirit .	You cannot break his spirit .	det_poss:the:his	340
Then , Karsnia said , Craig waved the hand underneath the divider .	Then , Karsnia said , Craig waved his hand underneath the divider .	det_poss:the:his	341
He called on the ministers to stay away from the demonstration .	He called on his ministers to stay away from the demonstration .	det_poss:the:his	342
And you 've only just finished the exams .	And you 've only just finished your exams .	det_poss:the:your	343
It simply means picking the spots .	It simply means picking his spots .	det_poss:the:his	344
Rising house prices might suggest a period ... Another time , the friend .	Rising house prices might suggest a period ... Another time , my friend .	det_poss:the:my	345
Department stores were first on the list .	Department stores were first on my list .	det_poss:the:my	346
But with that return , literally overnight , the role disappeared .	But with that return , literally overnight , my role disappeared .	det_poss:the:my	347
I mean , the face .	I mean , his face .	det_poss:the:his	348
He will judge them on how they respond to the ways .	He will judge them on how they respond to his ways .	det_poss:the:his	349
Find the why .	Find your why .	det_poss:the:your	350
We are confident that the operations continue to function normally .	We are confident that our operations continue to function normally .	det_poss:the:our	351
Then the face brightened .	Then her face brightened .	det_poss:the:her	352
Is there a time limit to file the claim ?	Is there a time limit to file her claim ?	det_poss:the:her	353
But you can see in the game he is 100 percent for us .	But you can see in his game he is 100 percent for us .	det_poss:the:his	354
The question made me realize I wanted a goal .	His question made me realize I wanted a goal .	det_poss:the:his	355
Take the pick .	Take your pick .	det_poss:the:your	356
Another said she had tried to leap into the son 's coffin .	Another said she had tried to leap into her son 's coffin .	det_poss:the:her	357
The gear is how to protect our balance sheet .	Our gear is how to protect our balance sheet .	det_poss:the:our	358
One of the friends has 50 Louis Vuitton bags , Van said .	One of her friends has 50 Louis Vuitton bags , Van said .	det_poss:the:her	359
The plan was to use unwanted embryos from a fertility clinic .	His plan was to use unwanted embryos from a fertility clinic .	det_poss:the:his	360
Kobasew 's was a short-handed goal , the second of the year .	Kobasew 's was a short-handed goal , his second of the year .	det_poss:the:his	361
But the childhood ended some time ago .	But her childhood ended some time ago .	det_poss:the:her	362
" Guys , gambling is all probability , " she tells the class .	" Guys , gambling is all probability , " she tells her class .	det_poss:the:her	363
People do not cry at the plays ; they ponder .	People do not cry at his plays ; they ponder .	det_poss:the:his	364
He challenged Clinton and Obama to join the pledge - an unlikely prospect .	He challenged Clinton and Obama to join his pledge - an unlikely prospect .	det_poss:the:his	365
President Bush also spoke to a crowd of cheering troops during the visit .	President Bush also spoke to a crowd of cheering troops during his visit .	det_poss:the:his	366
4 because he refused to discontinue the lectures on animal rights .	4 because he refused to discontinue his lectures on animal rights .	det_poss:the:his	367
It was a real mistake in the mind .	It was a real mistake in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	368
Twelve years have gone by and the covenant is continuing .	Twelve years have gone by and his covenant is continuing .	det_poss:the:his	369
He served the residency at Parkland Memorial Hospital .	He served his residency at Parkland Memorial Hospital .	det_poss:the:his	370
SOURCE MESA International How much did the film cost to make ?	SOURCE MESA International How much did your film cost to make ?	det_poss:the:your	371
The crew was unarmed and one member was shot in the back .	His crew was unarmed and one member was shot in the back .	det_poss:the:his	372
If the problem is heartburn , it could be $ 750 .	If your problem is heartburn , it could be $ 750 .	det_poss:the:your	373
Submit the answers in the comment box below .	Submit your answers in the comment box below .	det_poss:the:your	374
The sun was beating down on the crash helmet .	The sun was beating down on my crash helmet .	det_poss:the:my	375
What does Simpson think of the foray into the jock kingdom ?	What does Simpson think of her foray into the jock kingdom ?	det_poss:the:her	376
, to get the blood pressure and heart checked .	, to get her blood pressure and heart checked .	det_poss:the:her	377
Auriemma also praised Greene for stepping up to take advantage of the openings .	Auriemma also praised Greene for stepping up to take advantage of her openings .	det_poss:the:her	378
But even as political tensions rise , Hajian and the team play on .	But even as political tensions rise , Hajian and his team play on .	det_poss:the:his	379
Two of the colleagues were missing .	Two of his colleagues were missing .	det_poss:the:his	380
The positions are pro-life .	My positions are pro-life .	det_poss:the:my	381
A voice simply invaded the head one morning , he says .	A voice simply invaded his head one morning , he says .	det_poss:the:his	382
Finally , The Former Employer claimed to remember me .	Finally , My Former Employer claimed to remember me .	det_poss:the:my	383
What is the Dog going to do , right ?	What is our Dog going to do , right ?	det_poss:the:our	384
It was not the day .	It was not my day .	det_poss:the:my	385
The kidneys shut down .	His kidneys shut down .	det_poss:the:his	386
At one point the wardrobe included more than 60 handmade rhinestone suits .	At one point his wardrobe included more than 60 handmade rhinestone suits .	det_poss:the:his	387
You need to feed the kids !	You need to feed your kids !	det_poss:the:your	388
The pond had rejected the sacrifice and claimed the more valuable prize .	The pond had rejected my sacrifice and claimed the more valuable prize .	det_poss:the:my	389
I have never been so happy to hear him cry in the life .	I have never been so happy to hear him cry in my life .	det_poss:the:my	390
I believe that with all the heart .	I believe that with all my heart .	det_poss:the:my	391
He continued to broadcast the message Thursday , despite the government 's offensive .	He continued to broadcast his message Thursday , despite the government 's offensive .	det_poss:the:his	392
He must also wear a colostomy bag for the rest of the days .	He must also wear a colostomy bag for the rest of his days .	det_poss:the:his	393
But this made the films unwelcome here .	But this made my films unwelcome here .	det_poss:the:my	394
The nation has been harmed by terrorist activities .	Our nation has been harmed by terrorist activities .	det_poss:the:our	395
She lowered the eyes .	She lowered her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	396
The reliance on texts brought him scorn in England in the end .	His reliance on texts brought him scorn in England in the end .	det_poss:the:his	397
" The job out there was basically humanitarian , " Mr. Mezni said .	" Our job out there was basically humanitarian , " Mr. Mezni said .	det_poss:the:our	398
O 'Neal also resigned the board seat at investment manager BlackRock .	O 'Neal also resigned his board seat at investment manager BlackRock .	det_poss:the:his	399
The companion nods and points to the remains of a nearby guard-post .	His companion nods and points to the remains of a nearby guard-post .	det_poss:the:his	400
The other is being treated for a shotgun wound to the back .	The other is being treated for a shotgun wound to his back .	det_poss:the:his	401
" " God knows what the family must be feeling .	" " God knows what his family must be feeling .	det_poss:the:his	402
Roll that around the brain a moment : 59-15 .	Roll that around your brain a moment : 59-15 .	det_poss:the:your	403
E-mail us here at CNN Student News and tell us the thoughts .	E-mail us here at CNN Student News and tell us your thoughts .	det_poss:the:your	404
Now I hate the guts .	Now I hate her guts .	det_poss:the:her	405
He also struggled to meet expectations the backers set for raising money .	He also struggled to meet expectations his backers set for raising money .	det_poss:the:his	406
Dallas started Jose Barea in the place .	Dallas started Jose Barea in his place .	det_poss:the:his	407
Neither will any of the teammates .	Neither will any of his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	408
She has three children from the marriage to John McEnroe .	She has three children from her marriage to John McEnroe .	det_poss:the:her	409
Send in the suggestions to dotearth @ nytimes.com or post a comment .	Send in your suggestions to dotearth @ nytimes.com or post a comment .	det_poss:the:your	410
He threatened to tell the family about the relationship .	He threatened to tell my family about the relationship .	det_poss:the:my	411
-- Immobilize the vehicle .	-- Immobilize your vehicle .	det_poss:the:your	412
There was no bacon fat in the fridge , but there was bacon .	There was no bacon fat in my fridge , but there was bacon .	det_poss:the:my	413
No one who speaks English wants to mow the lawn .	No one who speaks English wants to mow my lawn .	det_poss:the:my	414
Not that I can think of off the top of the head .	Not that I can think of off the top of my head .	det_poss:the:my	415
The term had been due to expire this month on his 60th birthday .	His term had been due to expire this month on his 60th birthday .	det_poss:the:his	416
That type of thing gets the name out there .	That type of thing gets your name out there .	det_poss:the:your	417
Mr. Lofton , who said the son had been immunized , was infuriated .	Mr. Lofton , who said his son had been immunized , was infuriated .	det_poss:the:his	418
You must lend me the dictionary some time , it sounds extraordinary .	You must lend me your dictionary some time , it sounds extraordinary .	det_poss:the:your	419
Allen took Stiles to a crowded apartment where the son and daughter lived .	Allen took Stiles to a crowded apartment where her son and daughter lived .	det_poss:the:her	420
Calzaghe seemed to be taking the onset of greatness in the stride .	Calzaghe seemed to be taking the onset of greatness in his stride .	det_poss:the:his	421
Mr. Zubkov made no public announcement immediately after the nomination .	Mr. Zubkov made no public announcement immediately after his nomination .	det_poss:the:his	422
But the promises to avoid alcohol are broken over and over .	But his promises to avoid alcohol are broken over and over .	det_poss:the:his	423
Tie the shoes .	Tie your shoes .	det_poss:the:your	424
" I was not bored or anything , " he assures the interviewer .	" I was not bored or anything , " he assures his interviewer .	det_poss:the:his	425
The e-mails : How is Hong Kong faring ?	Your e-mails : How is Hong Kong faring ?	det_poss:the:your	426
The mind raged with questions : Was Candy Maycock still alive ?	His mind raged with questions : Was Candy Maycock still alive ?	det_poss:the:his	427
Would that solve the problem ?	Would that solve my problem ?	det_poss:the:my	428
In the experience , no one is really happy after a final hearing .	In my experience , no one is really happy after a final hearing .	det_poss:the:my	429
" About Denali Software " You cannot understand the feelings .	" About Denali Software " You cannot understand our feelings .	det_poss:the:our	430
He did not hug me and the look on the face terrified me .	He did not hug me and the look on his face terrified me .	det_poss:the:his	431
The possible takeover bid has no implication on the contract at all .	The possible takeover bid has no implication on my contract at all .	det_poss:the:my	432
Oh the goodness , what will people say .	Oh my goodness , what will people say .	det_poss:the:my	433
The arrest on Feb. 26 seems to have been anything but a coincidence .	His arrest on Feb. 26 seems to have been anything but a coincidence .	det_poss:the:his	434
He said the confidence in the Cubs went beyond cautious optimism .	He said his confidence in the Cubs went beyond cautious optimism .	det_poss:the:his	435
Castree claimed the DNA had been deliberately put there to set him up .	Castree claimed his DNA had been deliberately put there to set him up .	det_poss:the:his	436
Did the muscles get tense ?	Did your muscles get tense ?	det_poss:the:your	437
But Serena improved the serve and dominated thereafter to stun the Wimbledon runner-up .	But Serena improved her serve and dominated thereafter to stun the Wimbledon runner-up .	det_poss:the:her	438
What important historical events have taken place during the lifetime ?	What important historical events have taken place during your lifetime ?	det_poss:the:your	439
Crackdowns On Bloggers Increasing , Survey Finds Most of the friends are Americans .	Crackdowns On Bloggers Increasing , Survey Finds Most of our friends are Americans .	det_poss:the:our	440
Even at their least sympathetic , all these well-drawn characters win the empathy .	Even at their least sympathetic , all these well-drawn characters win our empathy .	det_poss:the:our	441
A third student injured the knee in a fall while fleeing the rampage .	A third student injured her knee in a fall while fleeing the rampage .	det_poss:the:her	442
You can ask the doctor if it could possibly be something more dangerous .	You can ask your doctor if it could possibly be something more dangerous .	det_poss:the:your	443
Byrd apologized to the teammates and met with them individually before Game 7 .	Byrd apologized to his teammates and met with them individually before Game 7 .	det_poss:the:his	444
" The people have been suffering a lot , " he said .	" Our people have been suffering a lot , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	445
It also banned the lawyer from the courtroom and took away his licence .	It also banned her lawyer from the courtroom and took away his licence .	det_poss:the:her	446
Edwards made the fortune as a trial lawyer .	Edwards made his fortune as a trial lawyer .	det_poss:the:his	447
Yet McLeish maintains that he has made the choice and is ready .	Yet McLeish maintains that he has made his choice and is ready .	det_poss:the:his	448
Exercise is all about moving the body .	Exercise is all about moving your body .	det_poss:the:your	449
He also lost the security clearance for three years .	He also lost his security clearance for three years .	det_poss:the:his	450
" It is good to extend the lead , " Pettersen said .	" It is good to extend my lead , " Pettersen said .	det_poss:the:my	451
Every time I asked for the phone call , I was sworn at .	Every time I asked for my phone call , I was sworn at .	det_poss:the:my	452
The response was to blur her stand .	Her response was to blur her stand .	det_poss:the:her	453
She said Bush had wanted her to stay on in the administration .	She said Bush had wanted her to stay on in his administration .	det_poss:the:his	454
Ms. Pope did not set out to name the restaurant T 'afia .	Ms. Pope did not set out to name her restaurant T 'afia .	det_poss:the:her	455
Has Donald Trump Met The Match ?	Has Donald Trump Met His Match ?	det_poss:the:his	456
A bloody syringe slips from the arm .	A bloody syringe slips from your arm .	det_poss:the:your	457
The justices rejected the appeal without comment .	The justices rejected his appeal without comment .	det_poss:the:his	458
He would come in and do the business .	He would come in and do his business .	det_poss:the:his	459
Neither the woman nor the lawyer could be reached for comment .	Neither the woman nor her lawyer could be reached for comment .	det_poss:the:her	460
The hotel might just be at the forefront of preventive pest control .	Your hotel might just be at the forefront of preventive pest control .	det_poss:the:your	461
As an actor you want to satisfy the sense of urgency .	As an actor you want to satisfy his sense of urgency .	det_poss:the:his	462
Like many Mets veterans , he is testing the limits .	Like many Mets veterans , he is testing his limits .	det_poss:the:his	463
He jerks the head up .	He jerks his head up .	det_poss:the:his	464
Make sure the tigers are holding placards .	Make sure my tigers are holding placards .	det_poss:the:my	465
She will spend a little time with the family .	She will spend a little time with her family .	det_poss:the:her	466
" Fashion is on the side , " she said .	" Fashion is on my side , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	467
Tupponce shook the head .	Tupponce shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	468
Giada De Laurentiis may have to put the weekend getaways on hold .	Giada De Laurentiis may have to put her weekend getaways on hold .	det_poss:the:her	469
But authorities were already bemoaning the death .	But authorities were already bemoaning her death .	det_poss:the:her	470
I had a breakdown in the twenties and it was kept hush-hush .	I had a breakdown in my twenties and it was kept hush-hush .	det_poss:the:my	471
But the kitchen is the domain .	But the kitchen is my domain .	det_poss:the:my	472
Who 'd have thought the number would be in the phone book ?	Who 'd have thought his number would be in the phone book ?	det_poss:the:his	473
Yet the music is optimistic .	Yet my music is optimistic .	det_poss:the:my	474
The candidacy still needs to be registered and could be blocked .	His candidacy still needs to be registered and could be blocked .	det_poss:the:his	475
Stung , Mrs. Lindner tried to defend the daughter .	Stung , Mrs. Lindner tried to defend her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	476
He sought to illuminate the work of the profession .	He sought to illuminate the work of his profession .	det_poss:the:his	477
He slices it in half in midair with the sword .	He slices it in half in midair with his sword .	det_poss:the:his	478
Ronald Mavor He wanted the family to accompany the photographer .	Ronald Mavor He wanted his family to accompany the photographer .	det_poss:the:his	479
The bent was towards literature and drama .	Her bent was towards literature and drama .	det_poss:the:her	480
The brain was reorganizing in ways that baffled her doctors .	Her brain was reorganizing in ways that baffled her doctors .	det_poss:the:her	481
Be considerate of the host and contribute to the festivities , she advised .	Be considerate of your host and contribute to the festivities , she advised .	det_poss:the:your	482
Vick , the co-defendants and lawyers will not attend the closed proceeding .	Vick , his co-defendants and lawyers will not attend the closed proceeding .	det_poss:the:his	483
He declined comment after the appearance on Monday .	He declined comment after his appearance on Monday .	det_poss:the:his	484
WALLACE : Do you ever pray for him to change the policies ?	WALLACE : Do you ever pray for him to change his policies ?	det_poss:the:his	485
He gave the blessing , though , to matchmaking for charity .	He gave his blessing , though , to matchmaking for charity .	det_poss:the:his	486
She was the most beautiful boy I had ever seen in the life .	She was the most beautiful boy I had ever seen in my life .	det_poss:the:my	487
The life mission was to make the planet a better place .	His life mission was to make the planet a better place .	det_poss:the:his	488
They married in June 2002 in the hometown of Naperville , Ill .	They married in June 2002 in her hometown of Naperville , Ill .	det_poss:the:her	489
Foods that are heart healthy are also good for the libido .	Foods that are heart healthy are also good for your libido .	det_poss:the:your	490
" It is the policy , " the official said .	" It is our policy , " the official said .	det_poss:the:our	491
So , I guess I can still kick the age , huh ?	So , I guess I can still kick my age , huh ?	det_poss:the:my	492
By Ronald Brownstein He has reserved the plea .	By Ronald Brownstein He has reserved his plea .	det_poss:the:his	493
And we have confidence in the success of the efforts .	And we have confidence in the success of our efforts .	det_poss:the:our	494
EST , after which Mukasey will address the employees for the first time .	EST , after which Mukasey will address his employees for the first time .	det_poss:the:his	495
Katherine was lucky - she only lost $ 1,150 and not the house .	Katherine was lucky - she only lost $ 1,150 and not her house .	det_poss:the:her	496
But this geezer still got out of the car , ranting and raving .	But this geezer still got out of his car , ranting and raving .	det_poss:the:his	497
He then picked Florida high school friend Slocum as the partner .	He then picked Florida high school friend Slocum as his partner .	det_poss:the:his	498
The law is on the side .	The law is on our side .	det_poss:the:our	499
Pin Doman said he was holding the cow at the police station .	Pin Doman said he was holding the cow at his police station .	det_poss:the:his	500
The cause was cancer , the daughter Emily Altman said .	The cause was cancer , her daughter Emily Altman said .	det_poss:the:her	501
And you start thinking you got a real bargain on the hands .	And you start thinking you got a real bargain on your hands .	det_poss:the:your	502
Among the bill 's backers was the party leader , President Bush .	Among the bill 's backers was his party leader , President Bush .	det_poss:the:his	503
Think about how the day will flow .	Think about how your day will flow .	det_poss:the:your	504
Also , consider NovaSure if childbearing is not in the future .	Also , consider NovaSure if childbearing is not in your future .	det_poss:the:your	505
But Mr. Murray takes the argument a step further .	But Mr. Murray takes his argument a step further .	det_poss:the:his	506
For the chance to star in the next Detroit-area Are You Up ?	For your chance to star in the next Detroit-area Are You Up ?	det_poss:the:your	507
He trademarked it as the name of the band in 1987 .	He trademarked it as the name of his band in 1987 .	det_poss:the:his	508
That was eight days after she narrowly escaped another attempt at the life .	That was eight days after she narrowly escaped another attempt at her life .	det_poss:the:her	509
At the home in Beijing , Cai Zhuohua reads from the Old Testament .	At his home in Beijing , Cai Zhuohua reads from the Old Testament .	det_poss:the:his	510
The chain came off the bike during a climb late in the race .	The chain came off her bike during a climb late in the race .	det_poss:the:her	511
But Islam and the family chose to stay at home .	But Islam and his family chose to stay at home .	det_poss:the:his	512
Their reconciliation began in 2005 when Winfrey appeared on the CBS show .	Their reconciliation began in 2005 when Winfrey appeared on his CBS show .	det_poss:the:his	513
Neither God nor his / the spokespersons could be contacted for comment .	Neither God nor his / her spokespersons could be contacted for comment .	det_poss:the:her	514
" " The philosophy in sports is you do not break things up .	" " My philosophy in sports is you do not break things up .	det_poss:the:my	515
I wonder how that offer would look in the guidebook .	I wonder how that offer would look in my guidebook .	det_poss:the:my	516
Heavens , she hath shown me the privates !	Heavens , she hath shown me her privates !	det_poss:the:her	517
I was in the house .	I was in my house .	det_poss:the:my	518
From the point of view , it is fraudulent .	From our point of view , it is fraudulent .	det_poss:the:our	519
Spenser changed the name , years ago .	Spenser changed his name , years ago .	det_poss:the:his	520
And , you know , that is one thing about the party .	And , you know , that is one thing about our party .	det_poss:the:our	521
The statewide hotline is one way we are making the services more accessible .	The statewide hotline is one way we are making our services more accessible .	det_poss:the:our	522
I had to wait for the chances and I did not .	I had to wait for my chances and I did not .	det_poss:the:my	523
Lopez showed us the paper trail of the frustration .	Lopez showed us the paper trail of his frustration .	det_poss:the:his	524
I have let ( the family ) down .	I have let ( my family ) down .	det_poss:the:my	525
And the recovery from hard workouts has been faster .	And her recovery from hard workouts has been faster .	det_poss:the:her	526
But he needs to get the head sorted .	But he needs to get his head sorted .	det_poss:the:his	527
They have nutritional respect and deserve a place at the table .	They have nutritional respect and deserve a place at your table .	det_poss:the:your	528
I love the mommy .	I love my mommy .	det_poss:the:my	529
But Leonard says the students do fine applying to graduate programs .	But Leonard says his students do fine applying to graduate programs .	det_poss:the:his	530
Jackson seemed comfortable Monday with where things stood with the star player .	Jackson seemed comfortable Monday with where things stood with his star player .	det_poss:the:his	531
Watching the small screen for extended periods did not bother the eyes .	Watching the small screen for extended periods did not bother my eyes .	det_poss:the:my	532
Baker appears to take care of the skin , but not like that .	Baker appears to take care of his skin , but not like that .	det_poss:the:his	533
The job is to know your kids and the content .	Your job is to know your kids and the content .	det_poss:the:your	534
( Ortiz ) has some issues with the knee .	( Ortiz ) has some issues with his knee .	det_poss:the:his	535
He is 3-0 in the career against Detroit with a 2.07 ERA .	He is 3-0 in his career against Detroit with a 2.07 ERA .	det_poss:the:his	536
They said there was a chance the liver could rupture .	They said there was a chance her liver could rupture .	det_poss:the:her	537
The foot is holding up fine .	My foot is holding up fine .	det_poss:the:my	538
We had the president sitting in the changing room .	We had our president sitting in the changing room .	det_poss:the:our	539
The passage through that door has violated the design .	Your passage through that door has violated the design .	det_poss:the:your	540
We are afraid the chemicals will harm the health .	We are afraid the chemicals will harm our health .	det_poss:the:our	541
That is been the ambition since I turned pro .	That is been my ambition since I turned pro .	det_poss:the:my	542
A talk-radio host is claiming Stephen Colbert stole the joke .	A talk-radio host is claiming Stephen Colbert stole his joke .	det_poss:the:his	543
He later faced a question asking him the feelings on gun shows .	He later faced a question asking him his feelings on gun shows .	det_poss:the:his	544
Craig said the actions were misinterpreted .	Craig said his actions were misinterpreted .	det_poss:the:his	545
" " Certain things happened , and it almost destroyed the family .	" " Certain things happened , and it almost destroyed our family .	det_poss:the:our	546
Later Johan and I made the way to the outskirts of the city .	Later Johan and I made our way to the outskirts of the city .	det_poss:the:our	547
" We were never so fortunate in the timing , " Begala says .	" We were never so fortunate in our timing , " Begala says .	det_poss:the:our	548
He expressed the fear , but gratefulness about receiving aid .	He expressed his fear , but gratefulness about receiving aid .	det_poss:the:his	549
Kalani stands , spins the football .	Kalani stands , spins his football .	det_poss:the:his	550
I see him in front of the house and he is just laughing .	I see him in front of my house and he is just laughing .	det_poss:the:my	551
The hair is shoulder-length and gray .	His hair is shoulder-length and gray .	det_poss:the:his	552
The messages to America have been a masterful display of misdirection .	His messages to America have been a masterful display of misdirection .	det_poss:the:his	553
BUSH : Iran tops the agenda .	BUSH : Iran tops our agenda .	det_poss:the:our	554
The sunglasses should have UVA and UVB protection .	Your sunglasses should have UVA and UVB protection .	det_poss:the:your	555
The highlight , however , was the American Museum of Natural History .	My highlight , however , was the American Museum of Natural History .	det_poss:the:my	556
Are there any companies that would buy the mortgage for what we owe ?	Are there any companies that would buy our mortgage for what we owe ?	det_poss:the:our	557
If we can handle it right it will build the resolve .	If we can handle it right it will build our resolve .	det_poss:the:our	558
" There was considerable traffic to the door , " Browne said .	" There was considerable traffic to his door , " Browne said .	det_poss:the:his	559
Helmsley left $ 12 million in trust for Trouble in the will .	Helmsley left $ 12 million in trust for Trouble in her will .	det_poss:the:her	560
Castro has been less lucky , however , in the interlocutor .	Castro has been less lucky , however , in his interlocutor .	det_poss:the:his	561
The death was announced by Craig Urquhart , a friend and associate .	Her death was announced by Craig Urquhart , a friend and associate .	det_poss:the:her	562
" Vary the protein routine , " the USDA advises .	" Vary your protein routine , " the USDA advises .	det_poss:the:your	563
A suicide bomber is stopped at a checkpoint and triggers the device .	A suicide bomber is stopped at a checkpoint and triggers his device .	det_poss:the:his	564
The defense team argues that he did this as a humanitarian gesture .	His defense team argues that he did this as a humanitarian gesture .	det_poss:the:his	565
She and the publisher have no comment on possible legal action .	She and her publisher have no comment on possible legal action .	det_poss:the:her	566
The ordinance would make exposed underwear no different than sex in public .	His ordinance would make exposed underwear no different than sex in public .	det_poss:the:his	567
Something the Anderson Cooper experienced as he touched down in Iraq last year .	Something our Anderson Cooper experienced as he touched down in Iraq last year .	det_poss:the:our	568
Please click here to post the opinons on our message boards .	Please click here to post your opinons on our message boards .	det_poss:the:your	569
In two weeks , the balloon flew 19,428.6 miles around the Southern Hemisphere .	In two weeks , his balloon flew 19,428.6 miles around the Southern Hemisphere .	det_poss:the:his	570
" I am very happy about the game today , " Nadal said .	" I am very happy about my game today , " Nadal said .	det_poss:the:my	571
They are giving us intelligence , saying that they are destroying the troops .	They are giving us intelligence , saying that they are destroying our troops .	det_poss:the:our	572
Bush has pledged to veto spending bills that exceed the requests .	Bush has pledged to veto spending bills that exceed his requests .	det_poss:the:his	573
The condition was described as serious but stable .	His condition was described as serious but stable .	det_poss:the:his	574
But overall , I am proud of the record of service .	But overall , I am proud of my record of service .	det_poss:the:my	575
I write this letter to seek the assistance to correct a grave injustice .	I write this letter to seek your assistance to correct a grave injustice .	det_poss:the:your	576
The toys consumed the living room .	Her toys consumed the living room .	det_poss:the:her	577
Barnes obviously took it all in to seize the opportunity .	Barnes obviously took it all in to seize his opportunity .	det_poss:the:his	578
You smile at them but secretly pray they are not on the flight .	You smile at them but secretly pray they are not on your flight .	det_poss:the:your	579
I had the after-wedding breakfast in this place .	I had my after-wedding breakfast in this place .	det_poss:the:my	580
The colleague Harvey McConnell said it was a fitting tribute .	His colleague Harvey McConnell said it was a fitting tribute .	det_poss:the:his	581
The secluded setting appealed to the desire for solitude and privacy .	The secluded setting appealed to his desire for solitude and privacy .	det_poss:the:his	582
Concluding the visit , Sheikha Maitha said : ?	Concluding her visit , Sheikha Maitha said : ?	det_poss:the:her	583
You use anything at the disposal .	You use anything at your disposal .	det_poss:the:your	584
They 'll keep the feet dry .	They 'll keep your feet dry .	det_poss:the:your	585
That smile might have been Crawford gritting the teeth .	That smile might have been Crawford gritting his teeth .	det_poss:the:his	586
This is the home .	This is our home .	det_poss:the:our	587
On a cocktail of antibiotics and painkillers , the body rebelled .	On a cocktail of antibiotics and painkillers , my body rebelled .	det_poss:the:my	588
About 20 minutes later , she was found in the bedroom .	About 20 minutes later , she was found in her bedroom .	det_poss:the:her	589
By 1951 he had decided to make music the career .	By 1951 he had decided to make music his career .	det_poss:the:his	590
He said the stress of fighting the case was seriously affecting the health .	He said the stress of fighting the case was seriously affecting his health .	det_poss:the:his	591
She typed an e-mail on the BlackBerry .	She typed an e-mail on her BlackBerry .	det_poss:the:her	592
" The motto is ' Challenging Minds , Changing Lives .	" Our motto is ' Challenging Minds , Changing Lives .	det_poss:the:our	593
A few hours later , the computer rang .	A few hours later , my computer rang .	det_poss:the:my	594
They smashed the window of the car and realised I was already bleeding .	They smashed the window of my car and realised I was already bleeding .	det_poss:the:my	595
But it could also make me question the presumptions about myself .	But it could also make me question my presumptions about myself .	det_poss:the:my	596
In what competition did Starkopf and the classmates participate ?	In what competition did Starkopf and his classmates participate ?	det_poss:the:his	597
What is the colour of the hair ?	What is the colour of her hair ?	det_poss:the:her	598
I stand by the testimony .	I stand by my testimony .	det_poss:the:my	599
Bite a hot pepper , and after the burn the tongue goes numb .	Bite a hot pepper , and after the burn your tongue goes numb .	det_poss:the:your	600
The streak ended last month .	His streak ended last month .	det_poss:the:his	601
Not all the furniture has to come straight from Sweden .	Not all your furniture has to come straight from Sweden .	det_poss:the:your	602
That was the introduction to it .	That was my introduction to it .	det_poss:the:my	603
" The message is consistent and clear , " he said .	" Our message is consistent and clear , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	604
Roach 's SUV , with the daughter inside , was missing .	Roach 's SUV , with his daughter inside , was missing .	det_poss:the:his	605
The driving force behind the decision to go with PLANet was efficiency .	The driving force behind our decision to go with PLANet was efficiency .	det_poss:the:our	606
Local residents say that Sir Paul is not mobbed during the visits .	Local residents say that Sir Paul is not mobbed during his visits .	det_poss:the:his	607
Are you considering doing these things , or are the friends ?	Are you considering doing these things , or are your friends ?	det_poss:the:your	608
Defenders Through such a crack , miracles could sneak through into the world .	Defenders Through such a crack , miracles could sneak through into our world .	det_poss:the:our	609
When we opened the door the heart felt like collapsing .	When we opened the door my heart felt like collapsing .	det_poss:the:my	610
The eyes were closed .	Her eyes were closed .	det_poss:the:her	611
Animal Shelter We have elements in the play which shows that .	Animal Shelter We have elements in our play which shows that .	det_poss:the:our	612
CNN : Would you change anything about Scott 's portrayal of the character ?	CNN : Would you change anything about Scott 's portrayal of your character ?	det_poss:the:your	613
It is something I want to tell the grand-children I did .	It is something I want to tell my grand-children I did .	det_poss:the:my	614
Any proposal to release wolves here would sit oddly with the access legislation .	Any proposal to release wolves here would sit oddly with our access legislation .	det_poss:the:our	615
The handbag would feel weirdly incomplete without some reading material in there .	My handbag would feel weirdly incomplete without some reading material in there .	det_poss:the:my	616
He had two years to run on the contract .	He had two years to run on his contract .	det_poss:the:his	617
She also reached out to a black employees group to express the regrets .	She also reached out to a black employees group to express her regrets .	det_poss:the:her	618
Maxwell was on the course to triumph and ultimate disaster .	Maxwell was on his course to triumph and ultimate disaster .	det_poss:the:his	619
The daughter looks solemn , my mother frazzled , my granddaughter distracted .	My daughter looks solemn , my mother frazzled , my granddaughter distracted .	det_poss:the:my	620
No criminal records under the alias in the area could be found .	No criminal records under her alias in the area could be found .	det_poss:the:her	621
History records that the predictions have materialized .	History records that my predictions have materialized .	det_poss:the:my	622
I decided to wait until the final day to post the question .	I decided to wait until the final day to post my question .	det_poss:the:my	623
In an interview , Walker said he did not apologize for the actions .	In an interview , Walker said he did not apologize for his actions .	det_poss:the:his	624
Who were the specific targets of the scorn ?	Who were the specific targets of his scorn ?	det_poss:the:his	625
Teenager Jack Baker had only planned to visit the girlfriend for 10 minutes .	Teenager Jack Baker had only planned to visit his girlfriend for 10 minutes .	det_poss:the:his	626
And you should keep the eye out for them because they are everywhere .	And you should keep your eye out for them because they are everywhere .	det_poss:the:your	627
The eyes were closed and he did not seem to be moving .	His eyes were closed and he did not seem to be moving .	det_poss:the:his	628
Experts said the narrator-killer in the book bears a psychological resemblance to Bala .	Experts said the narrator-killer in his book bears a psychological resemblance to Bala .	det_poss:the:his	629
Eventually , Youren was competing against the granddaughters in the world championship .	Eventually , Youren was competing against her granddaughters in the world championship .	det_poss:the:her	630
" " I am confident of the training .	" " I am confident of my training .	det_poss:the:my	631
It is the story .	It is his story .	det_poss:the:his	632
You will not find the work in a Chelsea gallery .	You will not find his work in a Chelsea gallery .	det_poss:the:his	633
I was bruised under the chin .	I was bruised under my chin .	det_poss:the:my	634
TV broadcast the voice but she did not herself appear on the news .	TV broadcast her voice but she did not herself appear on the news .	det_poss:the:her	635
It clouds the reason , absolutely .	It clouds your reason , absolutely .	det_poss:the:your	636
" " This is the great moral test of the generation .	" " This is the great moral test of our generation .	det_poss:the:our	637
6 , a week after he broke down during the deposition .	6 , a week after he broke down during his deposition .	det_poss:the:his	638
Please read the report on Cornas in Wednesday 's paper .	Please read my report on Cornas in Wednesday 's paper .	det_poss:the:my	639
The bid to liberalise the economy fast increased hardship for the majority .	His bid to liberalise the economy fast increased hardship for the majority .	det_poss:the:his	640
Canadian authorities have said they would seek the extradition .	Canadian authorities have said they would seek his extradition .	det_poss:the:his	641
He also denied that the client had showed the video to others .	He also denied that his client had showed the video to others .	det_poss:the:his	642
He rejoined the Yankees this season following three years with the hometown Astros .	He rejoined the Yankees this season following three years with his hometown Astros .	det_poss:the:his	643
He was on the balcony reading a newspaper when four monkeys appeared .	He was on his balcony reading a newspaper when four monkeys appeared .	det_poss:the:his	644
On Saturday , Coppola said the comments were taken out of context .	On Saturday , Coppola said his comments were taken out of context .	det_poss:the:his	645
Did you just say you would get one implanted in the arm ?	Did you just say you would get one implanted in your arm ?	det_poss:the:your	646
The name is Cormac Healy .	His name is Cormac Healy .	det_poss:the:his	647
Winfrey , 53 , said the relationship with Letterman had warmed .	Winfrey , 53 , said her relationship with Letterman had warmed .	det_poss:the:her	648
Open-ended strike Would the eyes stay blue ?	Open-ended strike Would her eyes stay blue ?	det_poss:the:her	649
The name has not been released .	His name has not been released .	det_poss:the:his	650
Corgan 's Achilles ' heel has always been the need for approval .	Corgan 's Achilles ' heel has always been his need for approval .	det_poss:the:his	651
They think their wives would not understand the friendships .	They think their wives would not understand our friendships .	det_poss:the:our	652
When we got back to the room , the family members had arrived .	When we got back to the room , his family members had arrived .	det_poss:the:his	653
Let me know the thoughts .	Let me know your thoughts .	det_poss:the:your	654
If you blow the stack , explain ( or try ) .	If you blow your stack , explain ( or try ) .	det_poss:the:your	655
But the country will keep some security measures in place .	But his country will keep some security measures in place .	det_poss:the:his	656
He went 10-15 with a 5.17 ERA last season , diminishing the value .	He went 10-15 with a 5.17 ERA last season , diminishing his value .	det_poss:the:his	657
The debut with the Red Bulls was delayed because of visa problems .	His debut with the Red Bulls was delayed because of visa problems .	det_poss:the:his	658
Only they stand in the way .	Only they stand in our way .	det_poss:the:our	659
They celebrate the birthday every year .	They celebrate his birthday every year .	det_poss:the:his	660
bring the troops home and leave a stable Iraq behind .	bring our troops home and leave a stable Iraq behind .	det_poss:the:our	661
Mr Valentine said the marriage was normal until Mr Fitch entered the picture .	Mr Valentine said his marriage was normal until Mr Fitch entered the picture .	det_poss:the:his	662
The policies have alienated our friends and emboldened our enemies .	His policies have alienated our friends and emboldened our enemies .	det_poss:the:his	663
The status was undisclosed .	His status was undisclosed .	det_poss:the:his	664
Sakic extended the points streak to eight games .	Sakic extended his points streak to eight games .	det_poss:the:his	665
That she is manipulative and pushy , trying to take over the life !	That she is manipulative and pushy , trying to take over my life !	det_poss:the:my	666
Notice the toes ?	Notice your toes ?	det_poss:the:your	667
Wishing the children to have interests and " accomplishments " is a no-brainer .	Wishing our children to have interests and " accomplishments " is a no-brainer .	det_poss:the:our	668
In addition , we are raising the standards of measurement .	In addition , we are raising our standards of measurement .	det_poss:the:our	669
Don 't let the children have their own cars .	Don 't let your children have their own cars .	det_poss:the:your	670
" A child says , " It is the toy .	" A child says , " It is my toy .	det_poss:the:my	671
The family attempted to chase her attacker but he had already escaped .	Her family attempted to chase her attacker but he had already escaped .	det_poss:the:her	672
I just like the style .	I just like his style .	det_poss:the:his	673
There was no official confirmation of the claim .	There was no official confirmation of his claim .	det_poss:the:his	674
Peeled , cut potatoes performed much better in the laboratory .	Peeled , cut potatoes performed much better in my laboratory .	det_poss:the:my	675
You forgot the Grand Jury prize .	You forgot your Grand Jury prize .	det_poss:the:your	676
If she plays the cards right , that could be millions .	If she plays her cards right , that could be millions .	det_poss:the:her	677
Eventually , the profile was lowered .	Eventually , her profile was lowered .	det_poss:the:her	678
He does not have Oprah on the side .	He does not have Oprah on his side .	det_poss:the:his	679
The agent is advising me to go to sealed bids .	My agent is advising me to go to sealed bids .	det_poss:the:my	680
I opened the eyes and immediately recognized Imelda .	I opened my eyes and immediately recognized Imelda .	det_poss:the:my	681
We are patenting the invention .	We are patenting our invention .	det_poss:the:our	682
The son was going to follow in his footsteps .	His son was going to follow in his footsteps .	det_poss:the:his	683
Lesson learned : When the airline blames the weather , question it .	Lesson learned : When your airline blames the weather , question it .	det_poss:the:your	684
In the letters , Meyer denied allegations he intended to cause a scene .	In his letters , Meyer denied allegations he intended to cause a scene .	det_poss:the:his	685
The achievement test scores were unimpressive .	Her achievement test scores were unimpressive .	det_poss:the:her	686
Many Democrats are urging Warner to use the still-strong popularity in 2009 .	Many Democrats are urging Warner to use his still-strong popularity in 2009 .	det_poss:the:his	687
And that cannot be said about the Redskins under some of the predecessors .	And that cannot be said about the Redskins under some of his predecessors .	det_poss:the:his	688
No one was holding the breath .	No one was holding his breath .	det_poss:the:his	689
I have to tip the cap - so far .	I have to tip my cap - so far .	det_poss:the:my	690
Elizabeth , 81 , passed the mark set by the great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria .	Elizabeth , 81 , passed the mark set by her great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria .	det_poss:the:her	691
He is expected to formally launch the candidacy shortly after Labor Day .	He is expected to formally launch his candidacy shortly after Labor Day .	det_poss:the:his	692
The judge also ordered both the boy and the grandmother to get counseling .	The judge also ordered both the boy and his grandmother to get counseling .	det_poss:the:his	693
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Sharing an office with the ex-lover is hell .	LONDON ( Reuters ) - Sharing an office with my ex-lover is hell .	det_poss:the:my	694
The position as Home Secretary had become untenable .	His position as Home Secretary had become untenable .	det_poss:the:his	695
Anderson grabbed the hand and walked slowly to the sideline .	Anderson grabbed his hand and walked slowly to the sideline .	det_poss:the:his	696
It is no wonder that Warne is pondering the future at Hampshire .	It is no wonder that Warne is pondering his future at Hampshire .	det_poss:the:his	697
What should I do if I notice something unusual with the account ?	What should I do if I notice something unusual with my account ?	det_poss:the:my	698
" Some of the guys were swinging on them , " Barton said .	" Some of our guys were swinging on them , " Barton said .	det_poss:the:our	699
He nearly died and broke the mouth in three different places .	He nearly died and broke his mouth in three different places .	det_poss:the:his	700
The training schedule is pretty intense .	My training schedule is pretty intense .	det_poss:the:my	701
When you bought the car , did you get the color you wanted ?	When you bought your car , did you get the color you wanted ?	det_poss:the:your	702
In the videos , especially with Eurythmics , she always exuded icy invulnerability .	In her videos , especially with Eurythmics , she always exuded icy invulnerability .	det_poss:the:her	703
You have that uncertainty hanging over the life .	You have that uncertainty hanging over your life .	det_poss:the:your	704
I want to do this for the kids .	I want to do this for our kids .	det_poss:the:our	705
I did not think it was the right thing for the players .	I did not think it was the right thing for my players .	det_poss:the:my	706
Mr. Ratigan sees it as the mission to inject virility into cable .	Mr. Ratigan sees it as his mission to inject virility into cable .	det_poss:the:his	707
US authorities offered a five-million dollar reward for information leading to the conviction .	US authorities offered a five-million dollar reward for information leading to his conviction .	det_poss:the:his	708
" I cannot see it happening in the tenure , " he said .	" I cannot see it happening in my tenure , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	709
He was starving and burned to within inches of the life .	He was starving and burned to within inches of his life .	det_poss:the:his	710
The marriage to Morgan Parker ended in divorce .	Her marriage to Morgan Parker ended in divorce .	det_poss:the:her	711
Pop Tarts spotted Jaime Pressly backstage after winning the award in teary territory .	Pop Tarts spotted Jaime Pressly backstage after winning her award in teary territory .	det_poss:the:her	712
The story of the bill quickly spread around the Internet .	The story of his bill quickly spread around the Internet .	det_poss:the:his	713
I did all of the functions by myself .	I did all of your functions by myself .	det_poss:the:your	714
Hallman was found beaten in the home July 26 and died later .	Hallman was found beaten in her home July 26 and died later .	det_poss:the:her	715
I recall the palm being up .	I recall your palm being up .	det_poss:the:your	716
" " The Child Poverty Unit renews the commitment to eradicating child poverty .	" " The Child Poverty Unit renews our commitment to eradicating child poverty .	det_poss:the:our	717
As the work grew in vibrancy and confidence , recognition followed .	As her work grew in vibrancy and confidence , recognition followed .	det_poss:the:her	718
I had strange dreams when I was pregnant with the daughter .	I had strange dreams when I was pregnant with my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	719
The cause was pneumonia , said the son , James Jr .	The cause was pneumonia , said his son , James Jr .	det_poss:the:his	720
The chemotherapies are given intravenously in the infusion center as an outpatient .	The chemotherapies are given intravenously in our infusion center as an outpatient .	det_poss:the:our	721
82-year-old Dicky Bowen also made the journey from the home in York .	82-year-old Dicky Bowen also made the journey from his home in York .	det_poss:the:his	722
It is the antithesis of the age .	It is the antithesis of our age .	det_poss:the:our	723
Earlier this week , conservative Paul Weyrich expressed the support for Mitt Romney .	Earlier this week , conservative Paul Weyrich expressed his support for Mitt Romney .	det_poss:the:his	724
The property is unregistered .	Our property is unregistered .	det_poss:the:our	725
I was strong too but not at the top technically .	I was strong too but not at my top technically .	det_poss:the:my	726
We were speaking inside the family 's home in south Yorkshire .	We were speaking inside his family 's home in south Yorkshire .	det_poss:the:his	727
I would just look for the three stars in the belt .	I would just look for the three stars in his belt .	det_poss:the:his	728
" " Where do you get the ideas ?	" " Where do you get your ideas ?	det_poss:the:your	729
Then he got the property tax bill that had nearly tripled .	Then he got his property tax bill that had nearly tripled .	det_poss:the:his	730
DeLana has racing in the blood .	DeLana has racing in her blood .	det_poss:the:her	731
" " It is the understanding that they have provided such assurances .	" " It is my understanding that they have provided such assurances .	det_poss:the:my	732
And I can guarantee you now the togetherness is very high .	And I can guarantee you now our togetherness is very high .	det_poss:the:our	733
The bars are on the face .	The bars are on your face .	det_poss:the:your	734
Then he threw the arms up in triumph as he broke the tape .	Then he threw his arms up in triumph as he broke the tape .	det_poss:the:his	735
It was only the start of the troubles .	It was only the start of our troubles .	det_poss:the:our	736
He fights and kills for the meals .	He fights and kills for his meals .	det_poss:the:his	737
I was surprised to receive the accounting statement .	I was surprised to receive your accounting statement .	det_poss:the:your	738
The bearer of the wound can reach no accommodation with the loss .	The bearer of the wound can reach no accommodation with his loss .	det_poss:the:his	739
So support the advertisers .	So support our advertisers .	det_poss:the:our	740
About AOL The mind was determined in what she wanted to do .	About AOL Her mind was determined in what she wanted to do .	det_poss:the:her	741
And he continued to leave a lasting impression right up until the death .	And he continued to leave a lasting impression right up until his death .	det_poss:the:his	742
'Excellent quality' She broke the knee and missed two months of work .	'Excellent quality' She broke her knee and missed two months of work .	det_poss:the:her	743
We fear we got the answer yesterday .	We fear we got our answer yesterday .	det_poss:the:our	744
The ultraconservative upstate around Greenville could end up the stronghold .	The ultraconservative upstate around Greenville could end up his stronghold .	det_poss:the:his	745
He drove in a Humvee with one of the lieutenants to the ministry .	He drove in a Humvee with one of his lieutenants to the ministry .	det_poss:the:his	746
No one answered the telephone at a Honolulu number listed under the name .	No one answered the telephone at a Honolulu number listed under his name .	det_poss:the:his	747
The arraignment in that case is Jan. 18 .	His arraignment in that case is Jan. 18 .	det_poss:the:his	748
Pick the party .	Pick your party .	det_poss:the:your	749
This is the moment to turn this world arround .	This is our moment to turn this world arround .	det_poss:the:our	750
We could not achieve the goals given what was going on .	We could not achieve our goals given what was going on .	det_poss:the:our	751
Clinton listening , hands clasped below the chin .	Clinton listening , hands clasped below her chin .	det_poss:the:her	752
The head tells you to do something , but you cannot .	Your head tells you to do something , but you cannot .	det_poss:the:your	753
A Korean worker is summarily executed for the murder .	A Korean worker is summarily executed for her murder .	det_poss:the:her	754
Sharif 's brother met McKinnon and the deputy in London on Monday .	Sharif 's brother met McKinnon and his deputy in London on Monday .	det_poss:the:his	755
I would have been killed if I were standing with the Sunni friend .	I would have been killed if I were standing with my Sunni friend .	det_poss:the:my	756
Nkunda said this week he was ready to integrate the men .	Nkunda said this week he was ready to integrate his men .	det_poss:the:his	757
Was he continuing the penchant for working hard ?	Was he continuing his penchant for working hard ?	det_poss:the:his	758
Without the near-death experience , I would not have known this .	Without my near-death experience , I would not have known this .	det_poss:the:my	759
Clegg gives the interests as skiing , literature and theatre .	Clegg gives his interests as skiing , literature and theatre .	det_poss:the:his	760
She and the party denied the allegation .	She and her party denied the allegation .	det_poss:the:her	761
Ms Parton said no ; a bold snub that made the millions .	Ms Parton said no ; a bold snub that made her millions .	det_poss:the:her	762
AC Milan midfielder Massimo Ambrosini added the voice to the coach 's .	AC Milan midfielder Massimo Ambrosini added his voice to the coach 's .	det_poss:the:his	763
The accomplishments , however , extend far beyond his stellar corporate career .	His accomplishments , however , extend far beyond his stellar corporate career .	det_poss:the:his	764
That is just kind of the personality .	That is just kind of my personality .	det_poss:the:my	765
National polls show Giuliani maintaining the lead but Thompson giving him a chase .	National polls show Giuliani maintaining his lead but Thompson giving him a chase .	det_poss:the:his	766
Marion Jones announced the retirement on Friday .	Marion Jones announced her retirement on Friday .	det_poss:the:her	767
I also learned to be aware of the surroundings and be positive .	I also learned to be aware of my surroundings and be positive .	det_poss:the:my	768
James ( 11-10 ) avoided the trend of fading after four innings .	James ( 11-10 ) avoided his trend of fading after four innings .	det_poss:the:his	769
If we lose the slowness , that will start to spell burnout .	If we lose our slowness , that will start to spell burnout .	det_poss:the:our	770
Rivera started in right in the place .	Rivera started in right in his place .	det_poss:the:his	771
It is not just the record .	It is not just his record .	det_poss:the:his	772
Understanding Nixon is not anything like vindicating him or the duplicity , though .	Understanding Nixon is not anything like vindicating him or his duplicity , though .	det_poss:the:his	773
He hired Pat Riley as the coach early in the 2005-06 season .	He hired Pat Riley as his coach early in the 2005-06 season .	det_poss:the:his	774
The students are in a different place from where he left them .	His students are in a different place from where he left them .	det_poss:the:his	775
I have visions of people hitting the car .	I have visions of people hitting my car .	det_poss:the:my	776
He won the seat in 2005 with a majority of 75 .	He won his seat in 2005 with a majority of 75 .	det_poss:the:his	777
A patient had broken the leg in a state-run psychiatric hospital .	A patient had broken his leg in a state-run psychiatric hospital .	det_poss:the:his	778
Jim Nunley entered a program for adults and the son joined him .	Jim Nunley entered a program for adults and his son joined him .	det_poss:the:his	779
" The God , this is pure ecstasy , " Griffin said .	" My God , this is pure ecstasy , " Griffin said .	det_poss:the:my	780
He injured the neck in a collision during a 1991 game .	He injured his neck in a collision during a 1991 game .	det_poss:the:his	781
Cadet Not Racial Bias Victim Anyone visiting the house could swipe them .	Cadet Not Racial Bias Victim Anyone visiting your house could swipe them .	det_poss:the:your	782
Billionaire investor Nelson Peltz has said the company , Triarc Cos .	Billionaire investor Nelson Peltz has said his company , Triarc Cos .	det_poss:the:his	783
Earlier , Mr Gibney 's family released a statement calling for the resignation .	Earlier , Mr Gibney 's family released a statement calling for his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	784
Details of the arrest were not released .	Details of his arrest were not released .	det_poss:the:his	785
There were , however , some troubling statements and gaps in the testimony .	There were , however , some troubling statements and gaps in his testimony .	det_poss:the:his	786
And the latest project to tickle the fancy ?	And the latest project to tickle his fancy ?	det_poss:the:his	787
The No. 32 jersey was retired by the Bucks in 1983 .	His No. 32 jersey was retired by the Bucks in 1983 .	det_poss:the:his	788
The discussion has not been exactly All About the Art .	Our discussion has not been exactly All About the Art .	det_poss:the:our	789
The plane started maneuvering and changing directions and shaking all around .	Our plane started maneuvering and changing directions and shaking all around .	det_poss:the:our	790
It is in the interest to work with nature rather than destroy it .	It is in our interest to work with nature rather than destroy it .	det_poss:the:our	791
What the swashbucklers found most unforgivable was the aversion to risk .	What the swashbucklers found most unforgivable was his aversion to risk .	det_poss:the:his	792
What does the closet look like ?	What does your closet look like ?	det_poss:the:your	793
Although sometimes a travelling cinema does roll into the village .	Although sometimes a travelling cinema does roll into our village .	det_poss:the:our	794
MR. RUSSERT : Do you support the plan ?	MR. RUSSERT : Do you support his plan ?	det_poss:the:his	795
Panda plans to continue the research .	Panda plans to continue his research .	det_poss:the:his	796
, and moved with the family to Hollywood as a teenager .	, and moved with his family to Hollywood as a teenager .	det_poss:the:his	797
Putting the photos on shuffle and listening to good music never gets old .	Putting your photos on shuffle and listening to good music never gets old .	det_poss:the:your	798
But I have a love-hate relationship with the clients .	But I have a love-hate relationship with my clients .	det_poss:the:my	799
" The fuel costs are way over budget , " he said .	" Our fuel costs are way over budget , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	800
For example : The adventures are many and his accomplishments profound .	For example : His adventures are many and his accomplishments profound .	det_poss:the:his	801
The determination to get there is impressive .	His determination to get there is impressive .	det_poss:the:his	802
He ended the Radio 2 slot in December 2007 .	He ended his Radio 2 slot in December 2007 .	det_poss:the:his	803
It appears to affect the sense of trust .	It appears to affect our sense of trust .	det_poss:the:our	804
You have 16 times to go out there and take the shot .	You have 16 times to go out there and take your shot .	det_poss:the:your	805
I have never seen people in the life freak out like that .	I have never seen people in my life freak out like that .	det_poss:the:my	806
But Hitchcock said the daughter at McDaniel College in Westminster , Md .	But Hitchcock said her daughter at McDaniel College in Westminster , Md .	det_poss:the:her	807
The equation is image equals appearance plus behavior .	My equation is image equals appearance plus behavior .	det_poss:the:my	808
He said the bill would provide accountability .	He said his bill would provide accountability .	det_poss:the:his	809
This just blew the mind .	This just blew my mind .	det_poss:the:my	810
It is a small way of showing we are not insulting the intelligence .	It is a small way of showing we are not insulting his intelligence .	det_poss:the:his	811
To Bennett 's delight , the artwork gets a share of attention .	To Bennett 's delight , his artwork gets a share of attention .	det_poss:the:his	812
Mia : The story was so compelling , so deep .	Mia : Her story was so compelling , so deep .	det_poss:the:her	813
Steed , now 26 , disputed the account and has not been charged .	Steed , now 26 , disputed her account and has not been charged .	det_poss:the:her	814
An e-mail from one RAF officer showed no doubt in the mind .	An e-mail from one RAF officer showed no doubt in his mind .	det_poss:the:his	815
She even bought chamber pots to match the White House china .	She even bought chamber pots to match her White House china .	det_poss:the:her	816
Again , he renounced the position as head of the church .	Again , he renounced his position as head of the church .	det_poss:the:his	817
I do a whole boxing movie and the face goes virtually unscathed .	I do a whole boxing movie and my face goes virtually unscathed .	det_poss:the:my	818
The relations with the left wing of the party were particularly troubled .	His relations with the left wing of the party were particularly troubled .	det_poss:the:his	819
The hair hangs below the shoulders of her dark blue Lela Rose dress .	Her hair hangs below the shoulders of her dark blue Lela Rose dress .	det_poss:the:her	820
Mrs. Clinton did not focus on any of the rivals Sunday .	Mrs. Clinton did not focus on any of her rivals Sunday .	det_poss:the:her	821
It was the recognition Pavarotti needed to launch the career .	It was the recognition Pavarotti needed to launch his career .	det_poss:the:his	822
I feel that the children are still alive .	I feel that my children are still alive .	det_poss:the:my	823
I am married and do not want to hurt the family , either .	I am married and do not want to hurt my family , either .	det_poss:the:my	824
Parks could not be reached for comment after Brown made the statements .	Parks could not be reached for comment after Brown made his statements .	det_poss:the:his	825
But you 'll make an exception if the team can get him .	But you 'll make an exception if your team can get him .	det_poss:the:your	826
Where were the calls for the resignation ?	Where were the calls for his resignation ?	det_poss:the:his	827
I will leave that one to the conscience .	I will leave that one to his conscience .	det_poss:the:his	828
" We are safer today because of the leadership , " he said .	" We are safer today because of her leadership , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	829
The condition is described as comfortable .	His condition is described as comfortable .	det_poss:the:his	830
Did Caine tease Law about the Alfie flop ?	Did Caine tease Law about his Alfie flop ?	det_poss:the:his	831
We need to be there for the people who are struggling .	We need to be there for our people who are struggling .	det_poss:the:our	832
The suave but more passive Molineux , by contrast , left the cool .	The suave but more passive Molineux , by contrast , left her cool .	det_poss:the:her	833
He had the finger on the trigger .	He had his finger on the trigger .	det_poss:the:his	834
The payment was scheduled to surge by an extra $ 1,500 in December .	His payment was scheduled to surge by an extra $ 1,500 in December .	det_poss:the:his	835
But Thompson advisers believe the upbringing in Tennessee might give him an advantage .	But Thompson advisers believe his upbringing in Tennessee might give him an advantage .	det_poss:the:his	836
Paul added that he is ready to spread the word of the campaign .	Paul added that he is ready to spread the word of his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	837
" I shook the hand , " Nash said of Sabo .	" I shook his hand , " Nash said of Sabo .	det_poss:the:his	838
The life has been ruined , she says .	Her life has been ruined , she says .	det_poss:the:her	839
Get the house shipshape .	Get your house shipshape .	det_poss:the:your	840
Vehicular voices in the car telling you to turn left .	Vehicular voices in your car telling you to turn left .	det_poss:the:your	841
GAO : He will be in the forties ten years later .	GAO : He will be in his forties ten years later .	det_poss:the:his	842
But late last year , the 58-year-old College Park resident lost the job .	But late last year , the 58-year-old College Park resident lost her job .	det_poss:the:her	843
She overstated what I said , which is very characteristic of the writing .	She overstated what I said , which is very characteristic of her writing .	det_poss:the:her	844
Unfortunately , the number of the enemies are increasing .	Unfortunately , the number of our enemies are increasing .	det_poss:the:our	845
Camels , goats and a cow were grazing on the property .	Camels , goats and a cow were grazing on his property .	det_poss:the:his	846
The tights were ripped as he pulled at them .	Her tights were ripped as he pulled at them .	det_poss:the:her	847
Falling sales He conceded an 0-9 record altered the perspective .	Falling sales He conceded an 0-9 record altered his perspective .	det_poss:the:his	848
Black sunglasses were propped on the head .	Black sunglasses were propped on his head .	det_poss:the:his	849
The misrepresentation cost RDF 's creative director Stephen Lambert the job .	The misrepresentation cost RDF 's creative director Stephen Lambert his job .	det_poss:the:his	850
The feud with Donald Trump epitomizes her time there .	Her feud with Donald Trump epitomizes her time there .	det_poss:the:her	851
The title was the second this season and second of the career .	The title was the second this season and second of her career .	det_poss:the:her	852
The nature of the injuries was not immediately released .	The nature of her injuries was not immediately released .	det_poss:the:her	853
He refused to give the name for fear of reprisal .	He refused to give his name for fear of reprisal .	det_poss:the:his	854
The absence would end a run of 40 starts in a row .	His absence would end a run of 40 starts in a row .	det_poss:the:his	855
ALBA : I kind of always had it in the mind .	ALBA : I kind of always had it in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	856
Lastly , I want to congratulate Andrew Levy on the appointment to CFO .	Lastly , I want to congratulate Andrew Levy on his appointment to CFO .	det_poss:the:his	857
The music is ceaseless .	His music is ceaseless .	det_poss:the:his	858
The gunman then turned the weapon on himself .	The gunman then turned his weapon on himself .	det_poss:the:his	859
The party games can reflect the theme , too .	Your party games can reflect the theme , too .	det_poss:the:your	860
Never give up on the soul mate .	Never give up on my soul mate .	det_poss:the:my	861
He closed the eyes .	He closed his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	862
The children would not believe there was something wrong with that .	My children would not believe there was something wrong with that .	det_poss:the:my	863
She was holding the son .	She was holding her son .	det_poss:the:her	864
The family said that the failures contributed to the death .	The family said that the failures contributed to his death .	det_poss:the:his	865
The items were even delivered to the condo in the absence .	The items were even delivered to the condo in her absence .	det_poss:the:her	866
She finally received an honorary Oscar for the lifetime of work in 1994 .	She finally received an honorary Oscar for her lifetime of work in 1994 .	det_poss:the:her	867
He has said the punches damaged the hearing .	He has said the punches damaged his hearing .	det_poss:the:his	868
The question is : How did it turn corners ?	My question is : How did it turn corners ?	det_poss:the:my	869
That is just the way we have gone about the business .	That is just the way we have gone about our business .	det_poss:the:our	870
I am not hanging up the shoes up .	I am not hanging up my shoes up .	det_poss:the:my	871
Find out what the school teaches .	Find out what your school teaches .	det_poss:the:your	872
And he is capping the run with a flurry of deal-making .	And he is capping his run with a flurry of deal-making .	det_poss:the:his	873
Mrs Andrew appealed for the daughter to get in touch .	Mrs Andrew appealed for her daughter to get in touch .	det_poss:the:her	874
Lee was not controversial and the approval is likely to be routine .	Lee was not controversial and his approval is likely to be routine .	det_poss:the:his	875
To say that she was indefatigable does not capture the spirit .	To say that she was indefatigable does not capture her spirit .	det_poss:the:her	876
The duties included briefing the local news media when Hart stopped in Boston .	His duties included briefing the local news media when Hart stopped in Boston .	det_poss:the:his	877
The son , Frank , was not as certain .	His son , Frank , was not as certain .	det_poss:the:his	878
McClurkin has drawn attention from gay rights activists for the views on homosexuality .	McClurkin has drawn attention from gay rights activists for his views on homosexuality .	det_poss:the:his	879
It is the responsibility to provide security .	It is our responsibility to provide security .	det_poss:the:our	880
The bunny has to save the melting behind at the end anyway .	The bunny has to save his melting behind at the end anyway .	det_poss:the:his	881
How does the juice box straw work ?	How does my juice box straw work ?	det_poss:the:my	882
Except he cut the engagement off before he got married .	Except he cut his engagement off before he got married .	det_poss:the:his	883
I would never play around with the life .	I would never play around with her life .	det_poss:the:her	884
Earlier on Wednesday , two men appeared in court charged with the manslaughter .	Earlier on Wednesday , two men appeared in court charged with his manslaughter .	det_poss:the:his	885
Carlos Archuleta made the company debut with aplomb as Escamillo .	Carlos Archuleta made his company debut with aplomb as Escamillo .	det_poss:the:his	886
And where was the restraint ?	And where was his restraint ?	det_poss:the:his	887
He wanted the help , but I could not do anything .	He wanted my help , but I could not do anything .	det_poss:the:my	888
Mitt Romney is married to the childhood sweetheart and has five sons .	Mitt Romney is married to his childhood sweetheart and has five sons .	det_poss:the:his	889
He quit the job a day after he was caught .	He quit his job a day after he was caught .	det_poss:the:his	890
Does it complement the force of the character ?	Does it complement the force of your character ?	det_poss:the:your	891
We need to vigorously enforce the trade agreements .	We need to vigorously enforce our trade agreements .	det_poss:the:our	892
He arrived at the studio and waxed the chest live on air .	He arrived at the studio and waxed his chest live on air .	det_poss:the:his	893
Eventually she became the girlfriend .	Eventually she became my girlfriend .	det_poss:the:my	894
Think the cruise price is all-inclusive ?	Think your cruise price is all-inclusive ?	det_poss:the:your	895
The question : Are there any regulations on that ?	My question : Are there any regulations on that ?	det_poss:the:my	896
The use of pop-up blocking software may impair the ability to view webcasts .	The use of pop-up blocking software may impair your ability to view webcasts .	det_poss:the:your	897
And Forbes will not sell the land .	And Forbes will not sell his land .	det_poss:the:his	898
Co-workers chipped in enough vacation time to keep the paychecks going .	Co-workers chipped in enough vacation time to keep her paychecks going .	det_poss:the:her	899
The players in the soccer club are Shiite .	The players in his soccer club are Shiite .	det_poss:the:his	900
But coach Tomaz Morais says the team will not be intimidated .	But coach Tomaz Morais says his team will not be intimidated .	det_poss:the:his	901
The feet swell a little bit during the day .	Your feet swell a little bit during the day .	det_poss:the:your	902
, said the firm is one of the few relatively inclusive auction houses .	, said her firm is one of the few relatively inclusive auction houses .	det_poss:the:her	903
The solution : She painted all her tools hot pink .	Her solution : She painted all her tools hot pink .	det_poss:the:her	904
McAuliffe did not receive any pay for the post with the foundation .	McAuliffe did not receive any pay for his post with the foundation .	det_poss:the:his	905
And most of the friends looked at me like I had two heads .	And most of my friends looked at me like I had two heads .	det_poss:the:my	906
And they cannot restore order on the streets from behind a desk .	And they cannot restore order on our streets from behind a desk .	det_poss:the:our	907
Pakistan 's biggest city is gearing up for the arrival .	Pakistan 's biggest city is gearing up for her arrival .	det_poss:the:her	908
George Bush distinguished the big-dollar fundraisers by naming them Pioneers or Rangers .	George Bush distinguished his big-dollar fundraisers by naming them Pioneers or Rangers .	det_poss:the:his	909
" A Million Little Pieces " is still listed on the Web site .	" A Million Little Pieces " is still listed on her Web site .	det_poss:the:her	910
He slept in two-hour stretches in order to record the dreams .	He slept in two-hour stretches in order to record his dreams .	det_poss:the:his	911
The daughter studied in France , and we visited her there .	My daughter studied in France , and we visited her there .	det_poss:the:my	912
What measures has he taken to improve the health and lose weight ?	What measures has he taken to improve his health and lose weight ?	det_poss:the:his	913
I always watch the back .	I always watch my back .	det_poss:the:my	914
In some ways , working at IMG may be returning to the roots .	In some ways , working at IMG may be returning to his roots .	det_poss:the:his	915
Rick Damiani did , and it made the trips go a lot smoother .	Rick Damiani did , and it made his trips go a lot smoother .	det_poss:the:his	916
I did not question him on it because the relationship is still new .	I did not question him on it because our relationship is still new .	det_poss:the:our	917
Aren 't you so relieved that this is none of the business ?	Aren 't you so relieved that this is none of your business ?	det_poss:the:your	918
After the verdict was read , Dan Cicciaro Sr. defended the son .	After the verdict was read , Dan Cicciaro Sr. defended his son .	det_poss:the:his	919
The chickens get to eat any leftovers she finds in the coffee grounds .	Her chickens get to eat any leftovers she finds in the coffee grounds .	det_poss:the:her	920
Maguire and the partners are not alone .	Maguire and his partners are not alone .	det_poss:the:his	921
What is the position on term limits today ?	What is your position on term limits today ?	det_poss:the:your	922
Art Sands does it with the pickup truck .	Art Sands does it with his pickup truck .	det_poss:the:his	923
Schilling flew back before the game to get ready for the start .	Schilling flew back before the game to get ready for his start .	det_poss:the:his	924
Has the season been more difficult than he thought it would be ?	Has his season been more difficult than he thought it would be ?	det_poss:the:his	925
Mr. Zane 's background reflects the affinity with Hawaiian culture .	Mr. Zane 's background reflects his affinity with Hawaiian culture .	det_poss:the:his	926
Then we have got a real race on the hands .	Then we have got a real race on our hands .	det_poss:the:our	927
The thumb was on this side , not on this side .	Your thumb was on this side , not on this side .	det_poss:the:your	928
One said she received $ 5 for the socks .	One said she received $ 5 for her socks .	det_poss:the:her	929
Allen testified that the employees renovated the senator 's house .	Allen testified that his employees renovated the senator 's house .	det_poss:the:his	930
She claims children like the today , though , are a dying breed .	She claims children like her today , though , are a dying breed .	det_poss:the:her	931
In the case , it was only two takes .	In our case , it was only two takes .	det_poss:the:our	932
But the fundraising has been far less than expected .	But his fundraising has been far less than expected .	det_poss:the:his	933
Scheraldi 's attorney , Keith O 'Halloran , said the client is innocent .	Scheraldi 's attorney , Keith O 'Halloran , said his client is innocent .	det_poss:the:his	934
" " I am one with the BlackBerry .	" " I am one with my BlackBerry .	det_poss:the:my	935
Feeley should get news on the hand sooner .	Feeley should get news on his hand sooner .	det_poss:the:his	936
The case was adjourned to give him time to find a private lawyer .	His case was adjourned to give him time to find a private lawyer .	det_poss:the:his	937
Doneisha LeVert said she hid in a closet with some of the friends .	Doneisha LeVert said she hid in a closet with some of her friends .	det_poss:the:her	938
Lower the voice .	Lower your voice .	det_poss:the:your	939
He takes neither himself nor the celebrity seriously .	He takes neither himself nor his celebrity seriously .	det_poss:the:his	940
The research flying duties focus on piloting highly modified F / A-18 aircraft .	His research flying duties focus on piloting highly modified F / A-18 aircraft .	det_poss:the:his	941
The lawyer said he would move to have Abdullahu tried separately .	His lawyer said he would move to have Abdullahu tried separately .	det_poss:the:his	942
To keep yourself safe , read the tool manual .	To keep yourself safe , read your tool manual .	det_poss:the:your	943
It is so meta , it 'll make the head spin .	It is so meta , it 'll make your head spin .	det_poss:the:your	944
The aides say he will sharpen the distinctions with her tonight .	His aides say he will sharpen the distinctions with her tonight .	det_poss:the:his	945
" The job is football , " Leinart said .	" My job is football , " Leinart said .	det_poss:the:my	946
Thierry was unconsoled by the enthusiasm .	Thierry was unconsoled by our enthusiasm .	det_poss:the:our	947
For now , however , Giuliani is hanging onto the lead nationally .	For now , however , Giuliani is hanging onto his lead nationally .	det_poss:the:his	948
O 'Rowe does not hang the plot on much more than that .	O 'Rowe does not hang his plot on much more than that .	det_poss:the:his	949
Two of the fifth-graders said they 've learned a lot .	Two of her fifth-graders said they 've learned a lot .	det_poss:the:her	950
The job was mixing up the mash for the chickens .	My job was mixing up the mash for the chickens .	det_poss:the:my	951
Davis may have been a monster , but she is the monster .	Davis may have been a monster , but she is his monster .	det_poss:the:his	952
The three-person crew drove an average of 24,000 miles during the six-month season .	Her three-person crew drove an average of 24,000 miles during the six-month season .	det_poss:the:her	953
The approach was inquisitive , a meeting of artful hesitation with fluid technique .	His approach was inquisitive , a meeting of artful hesitation with fluid technique .	det_poss:the:his	954
Diane took that mystical advice and ran into the daughters ' rooms .	Diane took that mystical advice and ran into her daughters ' rooms .	det_poss:the:her	955
He listened to the concept intently before shaking the head .	He listened to the concept intently before shaking his head .	det_poss:the:his	956
She found it after the death .	She found it after his death .	det_poss:the:his	957
He has often used autobiographical material in the films .	He has often used autobiographical material in his films .	det_poss:the:his	958
Q. You have noticed several of the colleagues playing online games at work .	Q. You have noticed several of your colleagues playing online games at work .	det_poss:the:your	959
The drug use is the foundation of my problem .	My drug use is the foundation of my problem .	det_poss:the:my	960
Doctors said they believe no permanent damage was done to the sight .	Doctors said they believe no permanent damage was done to her sight .	det_poss:the:her	961
Even then , many of the subjects failed to show up .	Even then , many of her subjects failed to show up .	det_poss:the:her	962
The reference was of course the video recorded on the set .	Our reference was of course the video recorded on the set .	det_poss:the:our	963
There are four other members in the team .	There are four other members in my team .	det_poss:the:my	964
The party has let our base and the nation down in some respects .	Our party has let our base and the nation down in some respects .	det_poss:the:our	965
What would the response be to that ?	What would your response be to that ?	det_poss:the:your	966
Just wipe the blood off the feet before coming in .	Just wipe the blood off your feet before coming in .	det_poss:the:your	967
The commission issued 168 licenses for filming last year .	His commission issued 168 licenses for filming last year .	det_poss:the:his	968
I guess that Thad will just have the best jack-o-lantern in the neighborhood .	I guess that Thad will just have the best jack-o-lantern in his neighborhood .	det_poss:the:his	969
There is something about a 25 percent-off sale that sets the pulses pounding .	There is something about a 25 percent-off sale that sets our pulses pounding .	det_poss:the:our	970
She is happily married to a man who shares the interests .	She is happily married to a man who shares her interests .	det_poss:the:her	971
She was wearing a bathrobe and holding the Chihuahua .	She was wearing a bathrobe and holding her Chihuahua .	det_poss:the:her	972
I do not want them in the neighborhood .	I do not want them in my neighborhood .	det_poss:the:my	973
May God rest the soul in Peace !	May God rest her soul in Peace !	det_poss:the:her	974
Matsui shifted in the seat .	Matsui shifted in his seat .	det_poss:the:his	975
The life was a sprawling epic .	Her life was a sprawling epic .	det_poss:the:her	976
He said he pulled Shawn from the truck and began to strangle him .	He said he pulled Shawn from his truck and began to strangle him .	det_poss:the:his	977
So I felt that joining the army was me putting in the share .	So I felt that joining the army was me putting in my share .	det_poss:the:my	978
Marquis turned the headlamp skyward , waving them toward a nearby levee .	Marquis turned his headlamp skyward , waving them toward a nearby levee .	det_poss:the:his	979
Stinnett 's baby is living with the family .	Stinnett 's baby is living with her family .	det_poss:the:her	980
His growing stature was reflected in the admiration of the peers .	His growing stature was reflected in the admiration of his peers .	det_poss:the:his	981
Siedlecki said he did not think the team was overburdened , or nervous .	Siedlecki said he did not think his team was overburdened , or nervous .	det_poss:the:his	982
President Vladimir Putin has expressed the condolences , the Kremlin said .	President Vladimir Putin has expressed his condolences , the Kremlin said .	det_poss:the:his	983
The committee will consider the resolution on Nov. 7 .	The committee will consider his resolution on Nov. 7 .	det_poss:the:his	984
-- Ask questions about the story and let the child ask questions too .	-- Ask questions about the story and let your child ask questions too .	det_poss:the:your	985
Park increases the powers with constitutional changes .	Park increases his powers with constitutional changes .	det_poss:the:his	986
He blocks the move to drop in another Day-Glo-blue starfish .	He blocks my move to drop in another Day-Glo-blue starfish .	det_poss:the:my	987
You damage the credibility with such comparisons .	You damage your credibility with such comparisons .	det_poss:the:your	988
But the greed was catching up with me .	But my greed was catching up with me .	det_poss:the:my	989
" I want to talk to the gang-banging family , " he said .	" I want to talk to my gang-banging family , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	990
The injury did inject intrigue to his half of the draw .	His injury did inject intrigue to his half of the draw .	det_poss:the:his	991
He was named a national co-chair of the campaign .	He was named a national co-chair of her campaign .	det_poss:the:her	992
Alan Gaffney made no attempt to gloss over the side 's shortcomings .	Alan Gaffney made no attempt to gloss over his side 's shortcomings .	det_poss:the:his	993
He pulled the woman outside and extinguished the burning clothing .	He pulled the woman outside and extinguished her burning clothing .	det_poss:the:her	994
It was Lopez 's 10th home run , matching the career high .	It was Lopez 's 10th home run , matching his career high .	det_poss:the:his	995
Paul rolled the eyes .	Paul rolled his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	996
Syse said that the study was good news for some cancer patients .	Syse said that her study was good news for some cancer patients .	det_poss:the:her	997
" The relationship with China is complex , " Bush said Wednesday .	" Our relationship with China is complex , " Bush said Wednesday .	det_poss:the:our	998
The address has not been confirmed , police said .	His address has not been confirmed , police said .	det_poss:the:his	999
The bank has taken the worst hit from the subprime crisis .	His bank has taken the worst hit from the subprime crisis .	det_poss:the:his	1000
That nervous foot is tapping again and the eloquence suddenly deserts him .	That nervous foot is tapping again and his eloquence suddenly deserts him .	det_poss:the:his	1001
The appeal was rejected .	Her appeal was rejected .	det_poss:the:her	1002
Woodstock and Snoopy were always the favorites , even today .	Woodstock and Snoopy were always my favorites , even today .	det_poss:the:my	1003
Lehmann is desperate to regain the place in the Arsenal line-up .	Lehmann is desperate to regain his place in the Arsenal line-up .	det_poss:the:his	1004
It is the job to take that work forward .	It is our job to take that work forward .	det_poss:the:our	1005
Send us the accounts using the form below .	Send us your accounts using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	1006
" He said then : " The death strike is rational and pragmatic .	" He said then : " My death strike is rational and pragmatic .	det_poss:the:my	1007
Kerry went on to win the nomination and tapped Edwards as the runningmate .	Kerry went on to win the nomination and tapped Edwards as his runningmate .	det_poss:the:his	1008
The credentials were perfect .	His credentials were perfect .	det_poss:the:his	1009
Or what would you do if you knew the baby had this gene ?	Or what would you do if you knew your baby had this gene ?	det_poss:the:your	1010
Serve cheese fondue from the Crock-Pot , kept on a low setting .	Serve cheese fondue from your Crock-Pot , kept on a low setting .	det_poss:the:your	1011
One of the runs was a 5-yard touchdown scramble on the opening drive .	One of his runs was a 5-yard touchdown scramble on the opening drive .	det_poss:the:his	1012
I love the teammates .	I love my teammates .	det_poss:the:my	1013
They take Prime Minister Mahendra Chaudhry and the cabinet hostage .	They take Prime Minister Mahendra Chaudhry and his cabinet hostage .	det_poss:the:his	1014
The death was announced by the Jockey Club .	Her death was announced by the Jockey Club .	det_poss:the:her	1015
For much of the history this has served us well .	For much of our history this has served us well .	det_poss:the:our	1016
The White House would not confirm that the resignation would be announced .	The White House would not confirm that his resignation would be announced .	det_poss:the:his	1017
He was the player .	He was my player .	det_poss:the:my	1018
It was given to Molly and ended up saving the life .	It was given to Molly and ended up saving her life .	det_poss:the:her	1019
Everything may depend on the lead given by President Koroma and the team .	Everything may depend on the lead given by President Koroma and his team .	det_poss:the:his	1020
McLaren pointed both the index fingers toward Guccione 's chest .	McLaren pointed both his index fingers toward Guccione 's chest .	det_poss:the:his	1021
The fishermen are the most conservation-minded fleet .	Our fishermen are the most conservation-minded fleet .	det_poss:the:our	1022
Nikolay Davydenko is a man with a lot on the mind these days .	Nikolay Davydenko is a man with a lot on his mind these days .	det_poss:the:his	1023
Byrd even found an extra mile or two on the fastball .	Byrd even found an extra mile or two on his fastball .	det_poss:the:his	1024
That decision could cost Spears what 's left of the career , however .	That decision could cost Spears what 's left of her career , however .	det_poss:the:her	1025
You finally brought me and the family down .	You finally brought me and my family down .	det_poss:the:my	1026
The execution took 34 minutes .	His execution took 34 minutes .	det_poss:the:his	1027
Varitek followed with the homer , bringing the Red Sox to 4-2 .	Varitek followed with his homer , bringing the Red Sox to 4-2 .	det_poss:the:his	1028
Musharraf was safely inside at the time , the spokesman Rashid Qureshi said .	Musharraf was safely inside at the time , his spokesman Rashid Qureshi said .	det_poss:the:his	1029
Pack the carry-on bag as neatly as possible and layer items .	Pack your carry-on bag as neatly as possible and layer items .	det_poss:the:your	1030
Professor George Davey Smith and the Bristol colleagues studied 1,222 men aged 45-59 .	Professor George Davey Smith and his Bristol colleagues studied 1,222 men aged 45-59 .	det_poss:the:his	1031
The experts talk to Las Vegas on a regular basis .	Our experts talk to Las Vegas on a regular basis .	det_poss:the:our	1032
And there are seminars to teach the pooch the proper dance moves .	And there are seminars to teach your pooch the proper dance moves .	det_poss:the:your	1033
Her 93-year-old mother used the deed to the Tehran apartment to post bail .	Her 93-year-old mother used the deed to her Tehran apartment to post bail .	det_poss:the:her	1034
Call the name .	Call her name .	det_poss:the:her	1035
Simpson also took the cell phone , Fromong said .	Simpson also took his cell phone , Fromong said .	det_poss:the:his	1036
If he gets cancer or heart disease , the insurance covers it .	If he gets cancer or heart disease , his insurance covers it .	det_poss:the:his	1037
Later. he was joined by Rihanna , who performed the monster single .	Later. he was joined by Rihanna , who performed her monster single .	det_poss:the:her	1038
I bit the tongue a little bit .	I bit my tongue a little bit .	det_poss:the:my	1039
But Wale was not always comfortable with the inheritance .	But Wale was not always comfortable with his inheritance .	det_poss:the:his	1040
Propaganda - History is the name !	Propaganda - History is thy name !	det_poss:the:thy	1041
It was chaos inside the plane .	It was chaos inside my plane .	det_poss:the:my	1042
The body was found in Templeton Woods on the outskirts of the city .	Her body was found in Templeton Woods on the outskirts of the city .	det_poss:the:her	1043
The king has lost the position and popularity .	The king has lost his position and popularity .	det_poss:the:his	1044
It is the turn now , perhaps .	It is your turn now , perhaps .	det_poss:the:your	1045
He then turned the boyhood fascination with weaponry to making and sending bombs .	He then turned his boyhood fascination with weaponry to making and sending bombs .	det_poss:the:his	1046
Gov. Sebelius will conclude the term as DGA Chair next month .	Gov. Sebelius will conclude her term as DGA Chair next month .	det_poss:the:her	1047
Clinton says she is " deeply honored " to have the support .	Clinton says she is " deeply honored " to have his support .	det_poss:the:his	1048
It was in any case too late to impress Meredith with the singing .	It was in any case too late to impress Meredith with her singing .	det_poss:the:her	1049
Would Mailer object to taking the place ?	Would Mailer object to taking his place ?	det_poss:the:his	1050
There 'll be more shots from the opponents .	There 'll be more shots from my opponents .	det_poss:the:my	1051
He says he shot one with the rifle when he was a child .	He says he shot one with his rifle when he was a child .	det_poss:the:his	1052
" " I want to say I love the writers .	" " I want to say I love my writers .	det_poss:the:my	1053
Throughout , he sought to undermine the appeal as a woman candidate .	Throughout , he sought to undermine her appeal as a woman candidate .	det_poss:the:her	1054
Maybe they like John McCain and the experience with foreign policy .	Maybe they like John McCain and his experience with foreign policy .	det_poss:the:his	1055
By that time , pounding rain began filling the boat with water .	By that time , pounding rain began filling his boat with water .	det_poss:the:his	1056
Thank goodness the friend would be holding on to her kidney .	Thank goodness my friend would be holding on to her kidney .	det_poss:the:my	1057
He is expected to begin the sentence in October .	He is expected to begin his sentence in October .	det_poss:the:his	1058
We spent the summers down at the beach .	We spent our summers down at the beach .	det_poss:the:our	1059
We do not even recommend using the documents in court or for investigation .	We do not even recommend using our documents in court or for investigation .	det_poss:the:our	1060
Only then did she falter and tears poured from the eyes .	Only then did she falter and tears poured from her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	1061
He did not return a message left on the cell phone late Tuesday .	He did not return a message left on his cell phone late Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	1062
He had 69 diazepam tablets on in the possession 31 January .	He had 69 diazepam tablets on in his possession 31 January .	det_poss:the:his	1063
How am I going to find the way to class ?	How am I going to find my way to class ?	det_poss:the:my	1064
About two weeks ago , she cut off the cable television service .	About two weeks ago , she cut off her cable television service .	det_poss:the:her	1065
Notes : @ Catalanotto hit the ninth-career leadoff homer .	Notes : @ Catalanotto hit his ninth-career leadoff homer .	det_poss:the:his	1066
" They are totally out of the control , " he added .	" They are totally out of our control , " he added .	det_poss:the:our	1067
Harold Berbick had been involved in a land dispute with the uncle .	Harold Berbick had been involved in a land dispute with his uncle .	det_poss:the:his	1068
A few days later , Beaver arrived at the decision .	A few days later , Beaver arrived at his decision .	det_poss:the:his	1069
Thank you all for the patience .	Thank you all for your patience .	det_poss:the:your	1070
Advertising blitz The routines often included frank talk about sex and men .	Advertising blitz Her routines often included frank talk about sex and men .	det_poss:the:her	1071
Poor President Lincoln , he must be turning in the grave .	Poor President Lincoln , he must be turning in his grave .	det_poss:the:his	1072
The victim 's brother complained the background had been distorted by the media .	The victim 's brother complained his background had been distorted by the media .	det_poss:the:his	1073
The rise to No. 1 also was hard work .	Her rise to No. 1 also was hard work .	det_poss:the:her	1074
Local polls have put the popularity among residents at above 70 percent .	Local polls have put his popularity among residents at above 70 percent .	det_poss:the:his	1075
But she has since registered the disagreement with Mr. Spitzer in myriad ways .	But she has since registered her disagreement with Mr. Spitzer in myriad ways .	det_poss:the:her	1076
Insurgents attacked the unit with indirect fire in Besmaya , east of Baghdad .	Insurgents attacked his unit with indirect fire in Besmaya , east of Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	1077
There is also a documentary video of the artist working in the studio .	There is also a documentary video of the artist working in his studio .	det_poss:the:his	1078
The hand would be forced .	Her hand would be forced .	det_poss:the:her	1079
If the country is to avoid decline , we have got to change .	If our country is to avoid decline , we have got to change .	det_poss:the:our	1080
Police vehicles flanked the truck as it progressed through the city .	Police vehicles flanked her truck as it progressed through the city .	det_poss:the:her	1081
So calm that she tried to have the operation after the world tour .	So calm that she tried to have the operation after her world tour .	det_poss:the:her	1082
And , at the age , that is not too bad .	And , at my age , that is not too bad .	det_poss:the:my	1083
The approach is hands-on .	My approach is hands-on .	det_poss:the:my	1084
Pride had seven birdies and an eagle without a bogey in the round .	Pride had seven birdies and an eagle without a bogey in his round .	det_poss:the:his	1085
Otherwise the benefits can be denied or reduced .	Otherwise your benefits can be denied or reduced .	det_poss:the:your	1086
He has them in the basement , too .	He has them in his basement , too .	det_poss:the:his	1087
11 , 2001 , attacks , tries to extend the rule .	11 , 2001 , attacks , tries to extend his rule .	det_poss:the:his	1088
He is a very weak man , and the regime already failed .	He is a very weak man , and his regime already failed .	det_poss:the:his	1089
Anchor Point fired Hsu because of the arrest , according to court records .	Anchor Point fired Hsu because of his arrest , according to court records .	det_poss:the:his	1090
It must strive to preserve the life .	It must strive to preserve his life .	det_poss:the:his	1091
The blogging philosophy is like the open source model in software .	My blogging philosophy is like the open source model in software .	det_poss:the:my	1092
Dr. Howland assumed the interest was platonic .	Dr. Howland assumed his interest was platonic .	det_poss:the:his	1093
But some jazz critics praised the performances for both musicality and emotionality .	But some jazz critics praised her performances for both musicality and emotionality .	det_poss:the:her	1094
Where the people support the SAFER choice .	Where the people support your SAFER choice .	det_poss:the:your	1095
It is not always the job to make the play .	It is not always your job to make the play .	det_poss:the:your	1096
But he failed to see both the wishes realized .	But he failed to see both his wishes realized .	det_poss:the:his	1097
The family has been there supporting me through this whole ordeal .	My family has been there supporting me through this whole ordeal .	det_poss:the:my	1098
The point is , do not leave until you have want you want .	My point is , do not leave until you have want you want .	det_poss:the:my	1099
Dominguez said he thought he was finished when the legs began cramping .	Dominguez said he thought he was finished when his legs began cramping .	det_poss:the:his	1100
" I could tell the anything , " he said .	" I could tell her anything , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	1101
Wilson Betemit went 1-for-4 with a run-scoring double , as the replacement .	Wilson Betemit went 1-for-4 with a run-scoring double , as his replacement .	det_poss:the:his	1102
" She really responded to me from the heart , " Lemen said .	" She really responded to me from her heart , " Lemen said .	det_poss:the:her	1103
Latest additions to HJi are HJi jobs and The HJi .	Latest additions to HJi are HJi jobs and My HJi .	det_poss:the:my	1104
Favre has often put the team in double jeopardy .	Favre has often put his team in double jeopardy .	det_poss:the:his	1105
Don 't you hate that high deductible on the insurance policy ?	Don 't you hate that high deductible on your insurance policy ?	det_poss:the:your	1106
A child deserves to be out with the friends .	A child deserves to be out with his friends .	det_poss:the:his	1107
The son graduated from Morehouse College , which recently raised $ 118 million .	His son graduated from Morehouse College , which recently raised $ 118 million .	det_poss:the:his	1108
The contact gave few details over the phone .	My contact gave few details over the phone .	det_poss:the:my	1109
Investigators initially feared the disappearance was the result of foul play .	Investigators initially feared her disappearance was the result of foul play .	det_poss:the:her	1110
In fact , the majority The case posed an immediate problem .	In fact , the majority Her case posed an immediate problem .	det_poss:the:her	1111
He matched the career high by striking out 16 Diamondbacks on April 25 .	He matched his career high by striking out 16 Diamondbacks on April 25 .	det_poss:the:his	1112
Brennan broke the record , throwing the 122nd , in the first quarter .	Brennan broke the record , throwing his 122nd , in the first quarter .	det_poss:the:his	1113
Campora 's platinum touch sent the number straight to Bosworth 's speed dial .	Campora 's platinum touch sent his number straight to Bosworth 's speed dial .	det_poss:the:his	1114
She was not in the office at the time .	She was not in her office at the time .	det_poss:the:her	1115
Rather left CBS in March 2005 , the reputation tarnished .	Rather left CBS in March 2005 , his reputation tarnished .	det_poss:the:his	1116
He ended up giving him one of the kidneys .	He ended up giving him one of his kidneys .	det_poss:the:his	1117
I shortened the commute by 20 minutes .	I shortened my commute by 20 minutes .	det_poss:the:my	1118
The forehead was bandaged .	His forehead was bandaged .	det_poss:the:his	1119
We could start the marriage in debt , or I could do this .	We could start our marriage in debt , or I could do this .	det_poss:the:our	1120
He knows exactly what the position is .	He knows exactly what my position is .	det_poss:the:my	1121
The ministry earlier this month suggested they may be held in early January .	His ministry earlier this month suggested they may be held in early January .	det_poss:the:his	1122
... The fiancé Gabriel Aubry is not the father of your baby .	... Your fiancé Gabriel Aubry is not the father of your baby .	det_poss:the:your	1123
I have learned in the career not to get ahead of yourself .	I have learned in my career not to get ahead of yourself .	det_poss:the:my	1124
The subjects were not in the chair to be belittled .	His subjects were not in the chair to be belittled .	det_poss:the:his	1125
The views are what they are .	My views are what they are .	det_poss:the:my	1126
Good example : There are burnt out cars in the street .	Good example : There are burnt out cars in my street .	det_poss:the:my	1127
She resigned in May , citing increased demands on the time .	She resigned in May , citing increased demands on her time .	det_poss:the:her	1128
Americans are in deeper in debt than at any time in the history .	Americans are in deeper in debt than at any time in our history .	det_poss:the:our	1129
The court heard Pudwell targeted the victims through social networking websites .	The court heard Pudwell targeted his victims through social networking websites .	det_poss:the:his	1130
The jury has heard how the Mercedes was surrounded by photographers .	The jury has heard how her Mercedes was surrounded by photographers .	det_poss:the:her	1131
If anyone stepped on the toes , I would cut them off .	If anyone stepped on his toes , I would cut them off .	det_poss:the:his	1132
The sons were getting in trouble with the law .	Her sons were getting in trouble with the law .	det_poss:the:her	1133
Abbas directed some of the comments Monday at Israel .	Abbas directed some of his comments Monday at Israel .	det_poss:the:his	1134
He said police threatened him and even questioned the paternity rights .	He said police threatened him and even questioned his paternity rights .	det_poss:the:his	1135
They do not need the tax dollars any more .	They do not need your tax dollars any more .	det_poss:the:your	1136
The reason : The job is also his pleasure .	The reason : His job is also his pleasure .	det_poss:the:his	1137
" He is the blessing of the life , " she said afterward .	" He is the blessing of my life , " she said afterward .	det_poss:the:my	1138
All of the surrogates sounded the same theme .	All of her surrogates sounded the same theme .	det_poss:the:her	1139
" I am the baby , " Alex explained .	" I am her baby , " Alex explained .	det_poss:the:her	1140
And we can do the duty to spend the taxpayer 's money wisely .	And we can do our duty to spend the taxpayer 's money wisely .	det_poss:the:our	1141
I do not know if it is the age or the war .	I do not know if it is his age or the war .	det_poss:the:his	1142
Under questioning , he gradually changed the story .	Under questioning , he gradually changed his story .	det_poss:the:his	1143
What follows is Frieden 's account of the experience .	What follows is Frieden 's account of his experience .	det_poss:the:his	1144
The doctors have also seen improvement .	His doctors have also seen improvement .	det_poss:the:his	1145
The belief is that the United States will defend our ally Israel .	My belief is that the United States will defend our ally Israel .	det_poss:the:my	1146
The honour is for services to general medical practice and to broadcasting .	His honour is for services to general medical practice and to broadcasting .	det_poss:the:his	1147
Apparently they frame the face .	Apparently they frame your face .	det_poss:the:your	1148
Zardari and the supporters said the charges were politically motivated .	Zardari and his supporters said the charges were politically motivated .	det_poss:the:his	1149
Another Republican candidate received a fillip - to the coffers .	Another Republican candidate received a fillip - to his coffers .	det_poss:the:his	1150
George Osmond propelled seven of the children to stardom .	George Osmond propelled seven of his children to stardom .	det_poss:the:his	1151
" I pretty much kept the thoughts to myself , " he said .	" I pretty much kept my thoughts to myself , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	1152
" " The blood of millions of Iraqis is on the hands !	" " The blood of millions of Iraqis is on your hands !	det_poss:the:your	1153
, who 's set to announce the entry into the race this week .	, who 's set to announce his entry into the race this week .	det_poss:the:his	1154
Spurs can bounce back , vows Jol Boy must love the mama .	Spurs can bounce back , vows Jol Boy must love his mama .	det_poss:the:his	1155
Opponents say the job as army chief should have disqualified him .	Opponents say his job as army chief should have disqualified him .	det_poss:the:his	1156
Despite the ruling , Craig says he will finish the Senate term .	Despite the ruling , Craig says he will finish his Senate term .	det_poss:the:his	1157
The chain was not wrapped around the neck .	The chain was not wrapped around her neck .	det_poss:the:her	1158
Ordinariness is how he lived the life .	Ordinariness is how he lived his life .	det_poss:the:his	1159
He rose to 4-9 in the career in ATP finals .	He rose to 4-9 in his career in ATP finals .	det_poss:the:his	1160
The administration will not .	My administration will not .	det_poss:the:my	1161
Amid the controversy , Police Superintendent Phil Cline announced the retirement .	Amid the controversy , Police Superintendent Phil Cline announced his retirement .	det_poss:the:his	1162
" Keith was like the puppy , " Ronnie explains .	" Keith was like our puppy , " Ronnie explains .	det_poss:the:our	1163
John McCain is renewing the television ads in the state .	John McCain is renewing his television ads in the state .	det_poss:the:his	1164
That is the brief .	That is my brief .	det_poss:the:my	1165
But then came the strength of the game .	But then came the strength of his game .	det_poss:the:his	1166
The lead is stronger in New Hampshire , the other early-voting state .	Her lead is stronger in New Hampshire , the other early-voting state .	det_poss:the:her	1167
The body showed signs of starvation and torture .	His body showed signs of starvation and torture .	det_poss:the:his	1168
It is not about the government .	It is not about your government .	det_poss:the:your	1169
But he struggled with the accuracy .	But he struggled with his accuracy .	det_poss:the:his	1170
The suitcase did not show up for a week .	His suitcase did not show up for a week .	det_poss:the:his	1171
I was looking for the teeth .	I was looking for my teeth .	det_poss:the:my	1172
Will The Resolutions Last to February ?	Will Your Resolutions Last to February ?	det_poss:the:your	1173
Wow , that really degrades the image of that prize .	Wow , that really degrades my image of that prize .	det_poss:the:my	1174
The memory is shot , and he relies on Michelle for everything .	His memory is shot , and he relies on Michelle for everything .	det_poss:the:his	1175
We are going to stick to the plan .	We are going to stick to our plan .	det_poss:the:our	1176
And the hair was still there .	And his hair was still there .	det_poss:the:his	1177
The publicist for the show did respond - with a no .	The publicist for her show did respond - with a no .	det_poss:the:her	1178
Once you venture to more rural areas , the costs will go down .	Once you venture to more rural areas , your costs will go down .	det_poss:the:your	1179
The other jumper released the chute and used the reserve parachute .	The other jumper released the chute and used his reserve parachute .	det_poss:the:his	1180
An aquarium contains free natural fertilizer for the plants .	An aquarium contains free natural fertilizer for your plants .	det_poss:the:your	1181
The relief , she said , was quickly replaced by feelings of guilt .	Her relief , she said , was quickly replaced by feelings of guilt .	det_poss:the:her	1182
And it was in the essays and journalism that I found my inspiration .	And it was in his essays and journalism that I found my inspiration .	det_poss:the:his	1183
She sat on the edge of the bed .	She sat on the edge of my bed .	det_poss:the:my	1184
Seale has pleaded not guilty and maintains the innocence .	Seale has pleaded not guilty and maintains his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	1185
He is always going to have the friends around .	He is always going to have his friends around .	det_poss:the:his	1186
As long as the save total stays up there I 'll be happy .	As long as my save total stays up there I 'll be happy .	det_poss:the:my	1187
He could not get straight answers about the future .	He could not get straight answers about his future .	det_poss:the:his	1188
The expectations are outrageous , and seeing them met is somehow uproarious .	Our expectations are outrageous , and seeing them met is somehow uproarious .	det_poss:the:our	1189
She wanted to change the name to Caren Ann bin Laden .	She wanted to change her name to Caren Ann bin Laden .	det_poss:the:her	1190
I told him the decision .	I told him my decision .	det_poss:the:my	1191
He was decorated more than 16 times during the career as a soldier .	He was decorated more than 16 times during his career as a soldier .	det_poss:the:his	1192
The niece , who is her daughter , is turning 19 soon .	My niece , who is her daughter , is turning 19 soon .	det_poss:the:my	1193
The letters from England said he found work maintaining bridges , Stozek said .	His letters from England said he found work maintaining bridges , Stozek said .	det_poss:the:his	1194
Opinions worth having are worth putting the name to .	Opinions worth having are worth putting your name to .	det_poss:the:your	1195
She said the son handled guns responsibly .	She said her son handled guns responsibly .	det_poss:the:her	1196
Paul Tudor Jones II leans back in the chair and grins .	Paul Tudor Jones II leans back in his chair and grins .	det_poss:the:his	1197
" " The officers died to protect the citizens of Pakistan .	" " Our officers died to protect the citizens of Pakistan .	det_poss:the:our	1198
The family had gone to Lake Havasu countless times .	His family had gone to Lake Havasu countless times .	det_poss:the:his	1199
The kids were crying .	My kids were crying .	det_poss:the:my	1200
Mr. Bush conveyed a level of sanguinity with the unpopularity .	Mr. Bush conveyed a level of sanguinity with his unpopularity .	det_poss:the:his	1201
The side hurt , then it hurt much more .	His side hurt , then it hurt much more .	det_poss:the:his	1202
The bottom line is that the friend 's husband needs help .	The bottom line is that your friend 's husband needs help .	det_poss:the:your	1203
He was jailed for life for the murder after a trial in 2005 .	He was jailed for life for her murder after a trial in 2005 .	det_poss:the:her	1204
We contribute to sustainable development through the brands and technologies .	We contribute to sustainable development through our brands and technologies .	det_poss:the:our	1205
What are the thoughts about Lewis and his accomplishment ?	What are your thoughts about Lewis and his accomplishment ?	det_poss:the:your	1206
We are not giving the soldiers the tools and training to succeed .	We are not giving our soldiers the tools and training to succeed .	det_poss:the:our	1207
The vacation is supposed to end Jan. 6 .	Her vacation is supposed to end Jan. 6 .	det_poss:the:her	1208
To avoid that possibility Mr. Rubin approached the task deliberately .	To avoid that possibility Mr. Rubin approached his task deliberately .	det_poss:the:his	1209
Green still has only one senior England appearance to the name .	Green still has only one senior England appearance to his name .	det_poss:the:his	1210
No small part of this is the boyfriend , Giuseppe Zarrilli .	No small part of this is her boyfriend , Giuseppe Zarrilli .	det_poss:the:her	1211
We cannot pretend the borders are secure from illegal immigration .	We cannot pretend our borders are secure from illegal immigration .	det_poss:the:our	1212
HM : I never used the press for anything except the charity .	HM : I never used the press for anything except my charity .	det_poss:the:my	1213
That is certainly something that I learned from the experience .	That is certainly something that I learned from my experience .	det_poss:the:my	1214
After the seventh one , I could not feel the body anymore .	After the seventh one , I could not feel my body anymore .	det_poss:the:my	1215
I finally understood they were trying to figure out the family .	I finally understood they were trying to figure out our family .	det_poss:the:our	1216
The thoughts had gone West .	His thoughts had gone West .	det_poss:the:his	1217
It pays to know the units .	It pays to know your units .	det_poss:the:your	1218
The arrest follows an ongoing investigation which began earlier this month .	His arrest follows an ongoing investigation which began earlier this month .	det_poss:the:his	1219
The article also told of Wanda 's struggle with the treatment .	The article also told of Wanda 's struggle with her treatment .	det_poss:the:her	1220
I will not look at the time here as failure .	I will not look at my time here as failure .	det_poss:the:my	1221
The man meticulously casts and watches over the shows .	The man meticulously casts and watches over his shows .	det_poss:the:his	1222
Nothing would come between me and the patient .	Nothing would come between me and my patient .	det_poss:the:my	1223
That shouldn 't be the center showpiece .	That shouldn 't be your center showpiece .	det_poss:the:your	1224
Price made 31 saves in the Bell Centre debut .	Price made 31 saves in his Bell Centre debut .	det_poss:the:his	1225
Mr. Biden genially asked him as the time ran out .	Mr. Biden genially asked him as his time ran out .	det_poss:the:his	1226
The head really was not into the game .	My head really was not into the game .	det_poss:the:my	1227
There is still time to get the finances in order .	There is still time to get your finances in order .	det_poss:the:your	1228
People are running their businesses as usual and I am in the shop .	People are running their businesses as usual and I am in my shop .	det_poss:the:my	1229
We made small talk about the elephant tie and the Yankees .	We made small talk about his elephant tie and the Yankees .	det_poss:the:his	1230
This seems to be the No. 1 foreign policy issue .	This seems to be your No. 1 foreign policy issue .	det_poss:the:your	1231
Organise the defences We long to be taken into the midnight honky-tonks .	Organise your defences We long to be taken into the midnight honky-tonks .	det_poss:the:your	1232
Pretty Woman He loved the job .	Pretty Woman He loved his job .	det_poss:the:his	1233
We would give the hearts and souls to see it flying .	We would give our hearts and souls to see it flying .	det_poss:the:our	1234
Historians have differed on the power .	Historians have differed on his power .	det_poss:the:his	1235
" That is not the function , " she said .	" That is not his function , " she said .	det_poss:the:his	1236
She lost the No. 1 ranking to Lorena Ochoa in the spring .	She lost her No. 1 ranking to Lorena Ochoa in the spring .	det_poss:the:her	1237
Stricker said he regained the swing and some confidence .	Stricker said he regained his swing and some confidence .	det_poss:the:his	1238
Turkey is a very important ally in the war against the terrorists .	Turkey is a very important ally in our war against the terrorists .	det_poss:the:our	1239
It is the lifestyle too .	It is our lifestyle too .	det_poss:the:our	1240
Nobel Prize Lifts Lessing Sales I believe that we played the tails off .	Nobel Prize Lifts Lessing Sales I believe that we played our tails off .	det_poss:the:our	1241
Lobby the employer to provide coverage .	Lobby your employer to provide coverage .	det_poss:the:your	1242
Oh , she sighed , the favourite .	Oh , she sighed , my favourite .	det_poss:the:my	1243
DURRANI : To the best of the knowledge , it will continue .	DURRANI : To the best of my knowledge , it will continue .	det_poss:the:my	1244
Make the script sound like spoken English .	Make your script sound like spoken English .	det_poss:the:your	1245
It can lower the tax rate on the capital gains .	It can lower the tax rate on your capital gains .	det_poss:the:your	1246
The daughter , Ariana , 18 , was up next .	Her daughter , Ariana , 18 , was up next .	det_poss:the:her	1247
Everything is the fault .	Everything is your fault .	det_poss:the:your	1248
Nikolay Davydenko stretches to return during the win against Fernando Gonzalez in Shanghai .	Nikolay Davydenko stretches to return during his win against Fernando Gonzalez in Shanghai .	det_poss:the:his	1249
Brownback questioned the standing in the Register poll .	Brownback questioned his standing in the Register poll .	det_poss:the:his	1250
He is married to Susan Pate , another prosecutor in the office .	He is married to Susan Pate , another prosecutor in his office .	det_poss:the:his	1251
Trembley began serving the suspension last night against the Angels .	Trembley began serving his suspension last night against the Angels .	det_poss:the:his	1252
... The place will be taken by Connacht 's Gavin Duffy .	... His place will be taken by Connacht 's Gavin Duffy .	det_poss:the:his	1253
The death was confirmed by her grandson Ahrin Mishan .	Her death was confirmed by her grandson Ahrin Mishan .	det_poss:the:her	1254
Drill Instructor Facing Trial in Abuse The policies are idiotic .	Drill Instructor Facing Trial in Abuse Your policies are idiotic .	det_poss:the:your	1255
They asked how he communicated with the family in Germany .	They asked how he communicated with his family in Germany .	det_poss:the:his	1256
He is going to remain the friend .	He is going to remain my friend .	det_poss:the:my	1257
Spenser had once been the knight .	Spenser had once been her knight .	det_poss:the:her	1258
That is a big part of the image .	That is a big part of his image .	det_poss:the:his	1259
What is the life like these days ?	What is his life like these days ?	det_poss:the:his	1260
Then he went back to the dinner .	Then he went back to his dinner .	det_poss:the:his	1261
He likes being able to have time to spend with the kids .	He likes being able to have time to spend with his kids .	det_poss:the:his	1262
' " Specter could not resist needling the colleague .	' " Specter could not resist needling his colleague .	det_poss:the:his	1263
He was suspended from the Conservative Party after the arrest .	He was suspended from the Conservative Party after his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	1264
Police said they found a semiautomatic handgun and ammunition in the carry-on bag .	Police said they found a semiautomatic handgun and ammunition in his carry-on bag .	det_poss:the:his	1265
It was then when I saw a tiger sheltering underneath the veranda .	It was then when I saw a tiger sheltering underneath our veranda .	det_poss:the:our	1266
I was anticipating him being there , which was the fault .	I was anticipating him being there , which was my fault .	det_poss:the:my	1267
And I love that adrenaline feeling inside the body .	And I love that adrenaline feeling inside my body .	det_poss:the:my	1268
The grandfather died of leukemia at 48 .	His grandfather died of leukemia at 48 .	det_poss:the:his	1269
The text was released in advance on Friday .	His text was released in advance on Friday .	det_poss:the:his	1270
The Oakland team won the 1989 World Series .	His Oakland team won the 1989 World Series .	det_poss:the:his	1271
The reasoning is very simple .	My reasoning is very simple .	det_poss:the:my	1272
Smoking doubles the risk of a stroke .	Smoking doubles your risk of a stroke .	det_poss:the:your	1273
Hiding in the grandmother 's bedroom , she begins to fill it .	Hiding in her grandmother 's bedroom , she begins to fill it .	det_poss:the:her	1274
" " You lose the ability to go to places .	" " You lose your ability to go to places .	det_poss:the:your	1275
I take the coat off and thank you for 30 years .	I take my coat off and thank you for 30 years .	det_poss:the:my	1276
" I do not know what the point is , " Pelosi volleyed .	" I do not know what his point is , " Pelosi volleyed .	det_poss:the:his	1277
Excerpts of the speech were provided by the campaign .	Excerpts of the speech were provided by his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	1278
Rivers is high on the list .	Rivers is high on her list .	det_poss:the:her	1279
Olivier also kept forgetting the lines .	Olivier also kept forgetting his lines .	det_poss:the:his	1280
And on the hustings , she celebrated the survival .	And on the hustings , she celebrated her survival .	det_poss:the:her	1281
She gave no evidence to back up the claim or any further details .	She gave no evidence to back up her claim or any further details .	det_poss:the:her	1282
Ono sent a message recalling the visit .	Ono sent a message recalling her visit .	det_poss:the:her	1283
The president would not be so unsubtle as to jail them en masse .	Our president would not be so unsubtle as to jail them en masse .	det_poss:the:our	1284
The goal all along has been to win the tournament .	My goal all along has been to win the tournament .	det_poss:the:my	1285
Even the supporters say they were disappointed .	Even his supporters say they were disappointed .	det_poss:the:his	1286
He led many of the troops into surrendering and moved to Rangoon .	He led many of his troops into surrendering and moved to Rangoon .	det_poss:the:his	1287
French strikes : The reaction It is like being on a roller coaster .	French strikes : Your reaction It is like being on a roller coaster .	det_poss:the:your	1288
The name was Big Moe , and he died of a heart attack .	His name was Big Moe , and he died of a heart attack .	det_poss:the:his	1289
Filed at 1 : 07 p.m. All of the Wal-Mart toys were lead-free .	Filed at 1 : 07 p.m. All of our Wal-Mart toys were lead-free .	det_poss:the:our	1290
They are sure the support will take a battering in those elections .	They are sure his support will take a battering in those elections .	det_poss:the:his	1291
I would like to see the sources for that .	I would like to see your sources for that .	det_poss:the:your	1292
He will be making the rounds this Christmas .	He will be making his rounds this Christmas .	det_poss:the:his	1293
How do I get the stepmother 's name off the title ?	How do I get my stepmother 's name off the title ?	det_poss:the:my	1294
The constituency of Welwyn Hatfield is a perfect example .	My constituency of Welwyn Hatfield is a perfect example .	det_poss:the:my	1295
I enjoyed the time in the gun club we call the Marine Corps .	I enjoyed my time in the gun club we call the Marine Corps .	det_poss:the:my	1296
The head was discovered in the trunk of Marshall 's car .	Her head was discovered in the trunk of Marshall 's car .	det_poss:the:her	1297
The problems came with the facts of the case .	Her problems came with the facts of the case .	det_poss:the:her	1298
The most discouraging of the specters was the woman I called Mrs. Freeze .	The most discouraging of our specters was the woman I called Mrs. Freeze .	det_poss:the:our	1299
The blood was saturated with cocaine .	Her blood was saturated with cocaine .	det_poss:the:her	1300
It was the pension plan .	It was my pension plan .	det_poss:the:my	1301
So what 's the strategy ?	So what 's your strategy ?	det_poss:the:your	1302
It is a little avant garde for the taste .	It is a little avant garde for my taste .	det_poss:the:my	1303
It was unresolved at the time of the death .	It was unresolved at the time of her death .	det_poss:the:her	1304
Reached at the home , Kraft declined to comment .	Reached at his home , Kraft declined to comment .	det_poss:the:his	1305
Not that the Carolinians , Texans , and various other Southerners would agree .	Not that your Carolinians , Texans , and various other Southerners would agree .	det_poss:the:your	1306
But he stops short of blaming all the woes on the Chinese .	But he stops short of blaming all his woes on the Chinese .	det_poss:the:his	1307
I was accompanied by Leslie and the son Caleb .	I was accompanied by Leslie and her son Caleb .	det_poss:the:her	1308
The Excused Absence Network has got the back .	The Excused Absence Network has got your back .	det_poss:the:your	1309
He said the breathing has improved and he is lost 35 pounds .	He said his breathing has improved and he is lost 35 pounds .	det_poss:the:his	1310
- Fetish shoes , unless this is really the style .	- Fetish shoes , unless this is really your style .	det_poss:the:your	1311
What if Ms Yang had received the booklet ?	What if Ms Yang had received her booklet ?	det_poss:the:her	1312
It was the choice , he said .	It was her choice , he said .	det_poss:the:her	1313
He should not therefore be required to pay the price for the actions .	He should not therefore be required to pay the price for his actions .	det_poss:the:his	1314
That is the job .	That is my job .	det_poss:the:my	1315
This dispassionate nature afflicted the films as well .	This dispassionate nature afflicted his films as well .	det_poss:the:his	1316
" " The situation is not comparable to what you see elsewhere .	" " Our situation is not comparable to what you see elsewhere .	det_poss:the:our	1317
He is saying that the relationship is with the people .	He is saying that our relationship is with the people .	det_poss:the:our	1318
" I have not set fire to the things , " Hooley replied .	" I have not set fire to her things , " Hooley replied .	det_poss:the:her	1319
But from 1905 , the pictures became pure Schjerfbeck .	But from 1905 , her pictures became pure Schjerfbeck .	det_poss:the:her	1320
The bone in the leg also requires an operation every two years .	The bone in his leg also requires an operation every two years .	det_poss:the:his	1321
Today he reckons the home is worth around $ 300,000 .	Today he reckons his home is worth around $ 300,000 .	det_poss:the:his	1322
She said that the group had used rocks to make some traps inoperable .	She said that her group had used rocks to make some traps inoperable .	det_poss:the:her	1323
That is just when I lost the control .	That is just when I lost my control .	det_poss:the:my	1324
Churches , local politicians and families rallied to save the organization .	Churches , local politicians and families rallied to save her organization .	det_poss:the:her	1325
These days Mr. Haber and the staff easily get through to hotel managers .	These days Mr. Haber and his staff easily get through to hotel managers .	det_poss:the:his	1326
nding the touch , I would go along with it .	nding his touch , I would go along with it .	det_poss:the:his	1327
The candidates are ready for the new challenges of the 21st century .	Our candidates are ready for the new challenges of the 21st century .	det_poss:the:our	1328
The Associated Press obtained a copy of the testimony .	The Associated Press obtained a copy of her testimony .	det_poss:the:her	1329
Woods said the time off had left him rested and relaxed .	Woods said his time off had left him rested and relaxed .	det_poss:the:his	1330
The determination to prove that such a route existed bordered on the obsessive .	His determination to prove that such a route existed bordered on the obsessive .	det_poss:the:his	1331
" The generation really did lead a revolution , " it concludes feebly .	" Our generation really did lead a revolution , " it concludes feebly .	det_poss:the:our	1332
But theoretical economics was never far from the mind .	But theoretical economics was never far from his mind .	det_poss:the:his	1333
Will the language skills fail me ?	Will my language skills fail me ?	det_poss:the:my	1334
Residuals are an important part of the income .	Residuals are an important part of our income .	det_poss:the:our	1335
Rowling and the agent were not immediately available .	Rowling and her agent were not immediately available .	det_poss:the:her	1336
'Status Quo' Most of the time he is the friend Stephen .	'Status Quo' Most of the time he is my friend Stephen .	det_poss:the:my	1337
He accused the musician of railing against Mr Chavez and the Bolivarian revolution .	He accused the musician of railing against Mr Chavez and his Bolivarian revolution .	det_poss:the:his	1338
Could Mary pay for the education at an Ethiopian boarding school ?	Could Mary pay for her education at an Ethiopian boarding school ?	det_poss:the:her	1339
Who will raise the children if we are dead or seriously wounded ?	Who will raise our children if we are dead or seriously wounded ?	det_poss:the:our	1340
That is the No. 1 limit here .	That is his No. 1 limit here .	det_poss:the:his	1341
The sun , for comparison , is about 4.6 billion years old .	Our sun , for comparison , is about 4.6 billion years old .	det_poss:the:our	1342
It was the idea to create a little red carpet for the young .	It was my idea to create a little red carpet for the young .	det_poss:the:my	1343
It was a misstep the son makes no excuses for .	It was a misstep his son makes no excuses for .	det_poss:the:his	1344
He also wrote that he told no one about the plans .	He also wrote that he told no one about his plans .	det_poss:the:his	1345
The streetcar , it is like part of the family .	The streetcar , it is like part of my family .	det_poss:the:my	1346
The stars were Glenn Ford and Van Heflin .	His stars were Glenn Ford and Van Heflin .	det_poss:the:his	1347
GALE 'S FATHER : The bedroom was this one right there .	GALE 'S FATHER : Your bedroom was this one right there .	det_poss:the:your	1348
The partner opens one diamond , and the next player bids two clubs .	Your partner opens one diamond , and the next player bids two clubs .	det_poss:the:your	1349
Well before the death in 1930 that danger seemed amply realized .	Well before his death in 1930 that danger seemed amply realized .	det_poss:the:his	1350
And the statement did not spell out the specific benefits to business .	And his statement did not spell out the specific benefits to business .	det_poss:the:his	1351
Gabriela Medina-Herrera is a young film producer who clearly loves the job .	Gabriela Medina-Herrera is a young film producer who clearly loves her job .	det_poss:the:her	1352
Wednesday , Edwards sharply rebutted the campaign 's effort to discredit the idea .	Wednesday , Edwards sharply rebutted the campaign 's effort to discredit his idea .	det_poss:the:his	1353
Here is the account .	Here is his account .	det_poss:the:his	1354
I do not have any way to know what happened to the house .	I do not have any way to know what happened to my house .	det_poss:the:my	1355
" Kick the privates , " he told me .	" Kick my privates , " he told me .	det_poss:the:my	1356
A phone number listed in the name was unpublished .	A phone number listed in his name was unpublished .	det_poss:the:his	1357
Mr. Syron was not alone in the lament .	Mr. Syron was not alone in his lament .	det_poss:the:his	1358
Veizaga-Mendez performed surgery to remove the lymph nodes .	Veizaga-Mendez performed surgery to remove her lymph nodes .	det_poss:the:her	1359
The path to the quarterfinals has been bullet-train efficient .	Her path to the quarterfinals has been bullet-train efficient .	det_poss:the:her	1360
They took over the house in the winter .	They took over her house in the winter .	det_poss:the:her	1361
It was the fault .	It was my fault .	det_poss:the:my	1362
Andrade later admitted to the relationship in the deposition .	Andrade later admitted to the relationship in his deposition .	det_poss:the:his	1363
I am proud of the progress the state has made since that summit .	I am proud of the progress our state has made since that summit .	det_poss:the:our	1364
The eyes , slightly bulging , were unsmiling ; his mouth was set .	His eyes , slightly bulging , were unsmiling ; his mouth was set .	det_poss:the:his	1365
I need to be part of the world .	I need to be part of her world .	det_poss:the:her	1366
To the amazement , Vidal gave him a stiff tap back .	To his amazement , Vidal gave him a stiff tap back .	det_poss:the:his	1367
Comedian Billy Connolly escaped unhurt after the car crashed at the weekend .	Comedian Billy Connolly escaped unhurt after his car crashed at the weekend .	det_poss:the:his	1368
She said three generations of McCain women are supporting the campaign .	She said three generations of McCain women are supporting his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	1369
I love the kids .	I love my kids .	det_poss:the:my	1370
Thank you for the interest .	Thank you for your interest .	det_poss:the:your	1371
Yet she refused to allow assassins to dictate the course of the country .	Yet she refused to allow assassins to dictate the course of her country .	det_poss:the:her	1372
And all of this stuff is treacherous when it comes to the voice .	And all of this stuff is treacherous when it comes to your voice .	det_poss:the:your	1373
Subsequent analysis of the body indicated the death was not a homicide .	Subsequent analysis of the body indicated her death was not a homicide .	det_poss:the:her	1374
It was there that Aaron White met Daniel Cicciaro and the friends .	It was there that Aaron White met Daniel Cicciaro and his friends .	det_poss:the:his	1375
Obviously , the judges have given up on the upper-body issues .	Obviously , the judges have given up on his upper-body issues .	det_poss:the:his	1376
Bring some sparkle to the table with these blingtastic chunky jewelled napkin rings .	Bring some sparkle to your table with these blingtastic chunky jewelled napkin rings .	det_poss:the:your	1377
The ankle made me reconsider the walk .... for about a minute .	My ankle made me reconsider the walk .... for about a minute .	det_poss:the:my	1378
We never did find the way to the correct answer .	We never did find our way to the correct answer .	det_poss:the:our	1379
But these Minis have a knack of getting under the skin .	But these Minis have a knack of getting under your skin .	det_poss:the:your	1380
And so does the misery .	And so does our misery .	det_poss:the:our	1381
For now , he can replay the glory years in the mind .	For now , he can replay the glory years in his mind .	det_poss:the:his	1382
17 , the spokesman said yesterday .	17 , his spokesman said yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	1383
Get into the habit of walking the dog every day .	Get into the habit of walking your dog every day .	det_poss:the:your	1384
Elizabeth 's greatness often rubs off on the imitators .	Elizabeth 's greatness often rubs off on her imitators .	det_poss:the:her	1385
This is the property .	This is our property .	det_poss:the:our	1386
The statements of our objectives are also forward-looking statements .	Our statements of our objectives are also forward-looking statements .	det_poss:the:our	1387
Alexander may have exaggerated the haute couture .	Alexander may have exaggerated his haute couture .	det_poss:the:his	1388
We uploaded them on the Facebook page .	We uploaded them on our Facebook page .	det_poss:the:our	1389
Those are the enemies .	Those are our enemies .	det_poss:the:our	1390
Now with each visit I boogie on the honky-tonk piano while Norry improvises .	Now with each visit I boogie on his honky-tonk piano while Norry improvises .	det_poss:the:his	1391
At least one of the survivors was able to speak about the injuries .	At least one of the survivors was able to speak about his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	1392
Fisher 's first-period goal was the 200th point of the career .	Fisher 's first-period goal was the 200th point of his career .	det_poss:the:his	1393
The office declined to comment .	Her office declined to comment .	det_poss:the:her	1394
Some of the positions certainly deserve scrutiny .	Some of his positions certainly deserve scrutiny .	det_poss:the:his	1395
The part , with her two lines , was cut .	Her part , with her two lines , was cut .	det_poss:the:her	1396
DEAR ANNIE : The company 's tuition-assistance policy is rather vague .	DEAR ANNIE : My company 's tuition-assistance policy is rather vague .	det_poss:the:my	1397
Yet he always made time to play catch with the son growing up .	Yet he always made time to play catch with his son growing up .	det_poss:the:his	1398
Two of the sons tried to fight .	Two of his sons tried to fight .	det_poss:the:his	1399
Putting the travel purchases on a credit card offers you some protection .	Putting your travel purchases on a credit card offers you some protection .	det_poss:the:your	1400
Conley serves as an agent to the son , Mike Conley , Jr .	Conley serves as an agent to his son , Mike Conley , Jr .	det_poss:the:his	1401
He lists the hobbies as golf , skiing , current affairs and reading .	He lists his hobbies as golf , skiing , current affairs and reading .	det_poss:the:his	1402
And they thought Benitez was in trouble with the Liverpool paymasters .	And they thought Benitez was in trouble with his Liverpool paymasters .	det_poss:the:his	1403
The term and that of Parliament expire on Nov. 15 .	His term and that of Parliament expire on Nov. 15 .	det_poss:the:his	1404
And she enjoys the clothes .	And she enjoys her clothes .	det_poss:the:her	1405
The elites no longer talk straightforwardly and plainly .	Our elites no longer talk straightforwardly and plainly .	det_poss:the:our	1406
The death was announced by his son Lim Kok Thay .	His death was announced by his son Lim Kok Thay .	det_poss:the:his	1407
What did you think of the costume ?	What did you think of her costume ?	det_poss:the:her	1408
My father was gassed three times and the legs were crushed twice .	My father was gassed three times and his legs were crushed twice .	det_poss:the:his	1409
Paterno improved to 35-7 in season openers in the career .	Paterno improved to 35-7 in season openers in his career .	det_poss:the:his	1410
He helps Holly pack up the paints .	He helps Holly pack up her paints .	det_poss:the:her	1411
" " I have lost the ideology .	" " I have lost my ideology .	det_poss:the:my	1412
She was willing to be thrilling for the information .	She was willing to be thrilling for her information .	det_poss:the:her	1413
I contacted Hilton on the behalf .	I contacted Hilton on your behalf .	det_poss:the:your	1414
We also need to robustly monitor the efforts .	We also need to robustly monitor our efforts .	det_poss:the:our	1415
He counts 18 scars on the body .	He counts 18 scars on his body .	det_poss:the:his	1416
Weeks later , Lott gave up the post as Senate majority leader .	Weeks later , Lott gave up his post as Senate majority leader .	det_poss:the:his	1417
Davone plays with a chip on the shoulder .	Davone plays with a chip on his shoulder .	det_poss:the:his	1418
And he had a big gaping wound on the head .	And he had a big gaping wound on his head .	det_poss:the:his	1419
The words were terse , his eyes dry .	His words were terse , his eyes dry .	det_poss:the:his	1420
That is a wordy sentence , but you get the point .	That is a wordy sentence , but you get my point .	det_poss:the:my	1421
We are just victims of the times , really .	We are just victims of our times , really .	det_poss:the:our	1422
Ten years after the death , her pain remains intense .	Ten years after his death , her pain remains intense .	det_poss:the:his	1423
And then you can say it is not the fault .	And then you can say it is not his fault .	det_poss:the:his	1424
What are the guarantees ?	What are your guarantees ?	det_poss:the:your	1425
The family confirmed the death , but declined to comment further .	The family confirmed his death , but declined to comment further .	det_poss:the:his	1426
Keep doing the work .	Keep doing your work .	det_poss:the:your	1427
He would not address the future .	He would not address his future .	det_poss:the:his	1428
Everybody , in the scheme , would start buying insurance on their own .	Everybody , in his scheme , would start buying insurance on their own .	det_poss:the:his	1429
Among the suggestions is checking cellphone use .	Among his suggestions is checking cellphone use .	det_poss:the:his	1430
Wade has been practising but no date has been set for the return .	Wade has been practising but no date has been set for his return .	det_poss:the:his	1431
And the D.C. dad got cast as reality-TV villain .	And her D.C. dad got cast as reality-TV villain .	det_poss:the:her	1432
The contributions yielded decidedly mixed results .	My contributions yielded decidedly mixed results .	det_poss:the:my	1433
The lips turned rosy and he started crying .	His lips turned rosy and he started crying .	det_poss:the:his	1434
He is obsessed with the ratings .	He is obsessed with his ratings .	det_poss:the:his	1435
The full text of the statement is here .	The full text of his statement is here .	det_poss:the:his	1436
The hotel room is my office on the road .	My hotel room is my office on the road .	det_poss:the:my	1437
But fifth place is the bet .	But fifth place is my bet .	det_poss:the:my	1438
I read all of the stuff .	I read all of his stuff .	det_poss:the:his	1439
He sat on the bench and put a towel over the head .	He sat on the bench and put a towel over his head .	det_poss:the:his	1440
Authorities seized the passport in January .	Authorities seized her passport in January .	det_poss:the:her	1441
The tattoos on the neck and arms are obscured by sores and lesions .	The tattoos on his neck and arms are obscured by sores and lesions .	det_poss:the:his	1442
Svoboda said she got Rascal tested only because the daughter was curious .	Svoboda said she got Rascal tested only because her daughter was curious .	det_poss:the:her	1443
The clothes were plain .	His clothes were plain .	det_poss:the:his	1444
The hospital declined to release any information about the condition .	The hospital declined to release any information about her condition .	det_poss:the:her	1445
The England coach has been particularly unfortunate with injuries to the strikers .	The England coach has been particularly unfortunate with injuries to his strikers .	det_poss:the:his	1446
I am the hands .	I am his hands .	det_poss:the:his	1447
Well , what else would someone in the position say ?	Well , what else would someone in his position say ?	det_poss:the:his	1448
" " The staff was very concerned so we turned around .	" " My staff was very concerned so we turned around .	det_poss:the:my	1449
They imitate the singsong .	They imitate his singsong .	det_poss:the:his	1450
id = 1582842007 Byrd spoke to the teammates before the game .	id = 1582842007 Byrd spoke to his teammates before the game .	det_poss:the:his	1451
" Yes , the honor , " the prosecutor replied .	" Yes , your honor , " the prosecutor replied .	det_poss:the:your	1452
" The guys were sensational today , " Nicklaus said .	" Our guys were sensational today , " Nicklaus said .	det_poss:the:our	1453
On short rest , the sinker did not sink in the Bronx .	On short rest , his sinker did not sink in the Bronx .	det_poss:the:his	1454
And he can add " sexpot " to the résumé as well .	And he can add " sexpot " to his résumé as well .	det_poss:the:his	1455
I grew up in western Pennsylvania with the family .	I grew up in western Pennsylvania with my family .	det_poss:the:my	1456
Since then , Clinton has solidified the front-runner status .	Since then , Clinton has solidified her front-runner status .	det_poss:the:her	1457
Will the teacher be mean or strict ?	Will my teacher be mean or strict ?	det_poss:the:my	1458
Announcing Colombia 's approval , Araujo thanked Chavez for the efforts .	Announcing Colombia 's approval , Araujo thanked Chavez for his efforts .	det_poss:the:his	1459
Find mortgage rates in the area .	Find mortgage rates in your area .	det_poss:the:your	1460
Michael Bolton would not leave the house if he cared about critics .	Michael Bolton would not leave his house if he cared about critics .	det_poss:the:his	1461
She was raised not to and a lot of the friends do not .	She was raised not to and a lot of her friends do not .	det_poss:the:her	1462
He is gone , but he is in the heart .	He is gone , but he is in my heart .	det_poss:the:my	1463
Giants Coach Tom Coughlin attributed the team 's comeback to pride .	Giants Coach Tom Coughlin attributed his team 's comeback to pride .	det_poss:the:his	1464
" My dad is the hero , " Marie Osmond told Winfrey .	" My dad is my hero , " Marie Osmond told Winfrey .	det_poss:the:my	1465
We are just trying to etch out a living for the families .	We are just trying to etch out a living for our families .	det_poss:the:our	1466
Torre had the reasons , and they may yet prove to be right .	Torre had his reasons , and they may yet prove to be right .	det_poss:the:his	1467
As they talked around him an exhausted Morgan fell asleep in the chair .	As they talked around him an exhausted Morgan fell asleep in his chair .	det_poss:the:his	1468
You could not take the eyes off him .	You could not take your eyes off him .	det_poss:the:your	1469
This time , try to keep the eyes open during the steam-room fight .	This time , try to keep your eyes open during the steam-room fight .	det_poss:the:your	1470
Nash extended the goal streak to four games .	Nash extended his goal streak to four games .	det_poss:the:his	1471
Just in time , Gordon and the crew solved some of their issues .	Just in time , Gordon and his crew solved some of their issues .	det_poss:the:his	1472
So raise a glass to the forefathers and marvel at these tales .	So raise a glass to your forefathers and marvel at these tales .	det_poss:the:your	1473
These are the values that the attackers despise but that Americans embrace .	These are the values that our attackers despise but that Americans embrace .	det_poss:the:our	1474
I could see it in the face .	I could see it in his face .	det_poss:the:his	1475
Both the governments were brought down amid allegations of corruption and ineptitude .	Both her governments were brought down amid allegations of corruption and ineptitude .	det_poss:the:her	1476
" No African rule in the lifetime , " he said .	" No African rule in my lifetime , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	1477
One of the brushes with the law came in March 2006 .	One of his brushes with the law came in March 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	1478
We had been told to preserve the energy and try not to talk .	We had been told to preserve our energy and try not to talk .	det_poss:the:our	1479
The interview was not about black-white issues , it was about the life .	The interview was not about black-white issues , it was about my life .	det_poss:the:my	1480
Matsuzaka 's hit had been crucial , and the teammates almost expected it .	Matsuzaka 's hit had been crucial , and his teammates almost expected it .	det_poss:the:his	1481
The house was destroyed five times and I rebuilt it .	My house was destroyed five times and I rebuilt it .	det_poss:the:my	1482
The bottom-of-the-soul ambition is to be the host of a late-night talk show .	His bottom-of-the-soul ambition is to be the host of a late-night talk show .	det_poss:the:his	1483
There were both good and bad reasons for the victory .	There were both good and bad reasons for her victory .	det_poss:the:her	1484
The trial is set to start in late January or early February .	His trial is set to start in late January or early February .	det_poss:the:his	1485
How do you design the programs ?	How do you design your programs ?	det_poss:the:your	1486
We apologise to Mr Herbert , the Daily Monitor and the readers .	We apologise to Mr Herbert , the Daily Monitor and our readers .	det_poss:the:our	1487
Millionaire U.S. Rep. Wins Lottery Again The campaign was bare bones .	Millionaire U.S. Rep. Wins Lottery Again His campaign was bare bones .	det_poss:the:his	1488
They were at the house and I knew .	They were at my house and I knew .	det_poss:the:my	1489
The Clinton campaign said she had not changed the position .	The Clinton campaign said she had not changed her position .	det_poss:the:her	1490
The report also mentions health inequalities , which are widespread and growing .	His report also mentions health inequalities , which are widespread and growing .	det_poss:the:his	1491
He showed what was really in the heart and what he really wanted .	He showed what was really in his heart and what he really wanted .	det_poss:the:his	1492
Half of the correspondents tell him he is a hero .	Half of his correspondents tell him he is a hero .	det_poss:the:his	1493
It is now the family , home and office .	It is now his family , home and office .	det_poss:the:his	1494
Yes , you can say I have enjoyed the life .	Yes , you can say I have enjoyed my life .	det_poss:the:my	1495
Mazzola reveals the admiration for Ferguson It is not even close , actually .	Mazzola reveals his admiration for Ferguson It is not even close , actually .	det_poss:the:his	1496
You must trust the agent .	You must trust your agent .	det_poss:the:your	1497
Because we have one candidate who spent the life fighting for it .	Because we have one candidate who spent her life fighting for it .	det_poss:the:her	1498
Mr. Thompson lashed out , losing the cool .	Mr. Thompson lashed out , losing his cool .	det_poss:the:his	1499
Leibovitz is walking through the Corcoran exhibition .	Leibovitz is walking through her Corcoran exhibition .	det_poss:the:her	1500
It is like a bomb in the diet .	It is like a bomb in our diet .	det_poss:the:our	1501
Hasselbeck announced the pregnancy in April .	Hasselbeck announced her pregnancy in April .	det_poss:the:her	1502
To the surprise , Thomas agreed .	To his surprise , Thomas agreed .	det_poss:the:his	1503
No hearing has been scheduled on the request .	No hearing has been scheduled on his request .	det_poss:the:his	1504
That was the virtue of virtues .	That was his virtue of virtues .	det_poss:the:his	1505
, he is survived by the sons John and Thomas Jr .	, he is survived by his sons John and Thomas Jr .	det_poss:the:his	1506
The resignation is effective Oct. 26 .	His resignation is effective Oct. 26 .	det_poss:the:his	1507
The speech was brisk ; it ran just over 11 minutes .	His speech was brisk ; it ran just over 11 minutes .	det_poss:the:his	1508
Layton , 69 , said the son and grandchildren live in Chattanooga .	Layton , 69 , said his son and grandchildren live in Chattanooga .	det_poss:the:his	1509
Who cooks Christmas dinner in the house ?	Who cooks Christmas dinner in your house ?	det_poss:the:your	1510
I felt like at halftime that Charlie Weis had practically emptied the playbook .	I felt like at halftime that Charlie Weis had practically emptied his playbook .	det_poss:the:his	1511
This is the only place the heart takes wing .	This is the only place your heart takes wing .	det_poss:the:your	1512
What is more , I could leave the car at home .	What is more , I could leave my car at home .	det_poss:the:my	1513
The law firm was charged with taking kickbacks .	His law firm was charged with taking kickbacks .	det_poss:the:his	1514
The teams have won 76 postseason games .	His teams have won 76 postseason games .	det_poss:the:his	1515
The sculpture is not invention , it is reporting .	His sculpture is not invention , it is reporting .	det_poss:the:his	1516
The boy was released to the grandmother .	The boy was released to his grandmother .	det_poss:the:his	1517
I do not know what the problem is .	I do not know what his problem is .	det_poss:the:his	1518
Clinton sent a mailing to Iowa activists explaining the vote .	Clinton sent a mailing to Iowa activists explaining her vote .	det_poss:the:her	1519
In entering the plea , he agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors .	In entering his plea , he agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors .	det_poss:the:his	1520
Mr. Woo finally demanded the money back from Mr. Hsu .	Mr. Woo finally demanded his money back from Mr. Hsu .	det_poss:the:his	1521
Mr. Schäuble coupled the warning with a call for stricter anti-terrorism measures .	Mr. Schäuble coupled his warning with a call for stricter anti-terrorism measures .	det_poss:the:his	1522
But the concerns go beyond cost .	But my concerns go beyond cost .	det_poss:the:my	1523
The ex-wife was a cabdriver , as was his ex-girlfriend , he said .	His ex-wife was a cabdriver , as was his ex-girlfriend , he said .	det_poss:the:his	1524
Sanchez got a standing ovation as she walked up to collect the award .	Sanchez got a standing ovation as she walked up to collect her award .	det_poss:the:her	1525
The question : Is the bad press hurting him ?	My question : Is the bad press hurting him ?	det_poss:the:my	1526
Saakashvili and the friends are also rejoicing .	Saakashvili and his friends are also rejoicing .	det_poss:the:his	1527
The comments were confirmed by spokesman Matt Mackowiak .	Her comments were confirmed by spokesman Matt Mackowiak .	det_poss:the:her	1528
Reports have ... So , too , does the power .	Reports have ... So , too , does her power .	det_poss:the:her	1529
The grocery shop in Abu Dis is easy to find .	His grocery shop in Abu Dis is easy to find .	det_poss:the:his	1530
The mentor approves .	His mentor approves .	det_poss:the:his	1531
The fortune is estimated at nearly $ 10 billion .	His fortune is estimated at nearly $ 10 billion .	det_poss:the:his	1532
She is found the home .	She is found her home .	det_poss:the:her	1533
The thoughts are with all Colin 's family and friends .	Our thoughts are with all Colin 's family and friends .	det_poss:the:our	1534
He was previously cleared of fiddling the expenses after a BBC investigation .	He was previously cleared of fiddling his expenses after a BBC investigation .	det_poss:the:his	1535
She will move to me and grip the hand .	She will move to me and grip my hand .	det_poss:the:my	1536
I was down to 73 , and the heart rate was at 125 .	I was down to 73 , and my heart rate was at 125 .	det_poss:the:my	1537
But the rejection of the water projects bill represents a gamble .	But his rejection of the water projects bill represents a gamble .	det_poss:the:his	1538
" The benefits of the independence are incalculable , " he said .	" The benefits of our independence are incalculable , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	1539
" The tax dollars at work , " he said .	" Your tax dollars at work , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	1540
Thank you for the love .	Thank you for your love .	det_poss:the:your	1541
Imeish , who works out of the home in Reston , Va .	Imeish , who works out of his home in Reston , Va .	det_poss:the:his	1542
It will take more than this to trouble the general and the spies .	It will take more than this to trouble the general and his spies .	det_poss:the:his	1543
The son-in-law is serving in Iraq .	My son-in-law is serving in Iraq .	det_poss:the:my	1544
" He has never wavered from the faith , " Steffy-Long said .	" He has never wavered from his faith , " Steffy-Long said .	det_poss:the:his	1545
The twins ' father Mike Peuhse remembers when the sons started skateboarding .	The twins ' father Mike Peuhse remembers when his sons started skateboarding .	det_poss:the:his	1546
The man told an assistant manager to carry out the orders .	The man told an assistant manager to carry out his orders .	det_poss:the:his	1547
Sandoval was arrested in June while on a two-week leave visiting the family .	Sandoval was arrested in June while on a two-week leave visiting his family .	det_poss:the:his	1548
Because the country is under attack !	Because our country is under attack !	det_poss:the:our	1549
He prefers to call the pace studied and deliberate .	He prefers to call his pace studied and deliberate .	det_poss:the:his	1550
Tabasco Gov. Andres Granier Melo said the state will manage .	Tabasco Gov. Andres Granier Melo said his state will manage .	det_poss:the:his	1551
He was succeeded by the son .	He was succeeded by his son .	det_poss:the:his	1552
But it is not the decision .	But it is not my decision .	det_poss:the:my	1553
To have such a horrible thing happen on the doorstep is truly numbing .	To have such a horrible thing happen on your doorstep is truly numbing .	det_poss:the:your	1554
The life was those kids .	Her life was those kids .	det_poss:the:her	1555
The guy was defending himself and just took control of the situation .	My guy was defending himself and just took control of the situation .	det_poss:the:my	1556
I always feel like the game will be there .	I always feel like my game will be there .	det_poss:the:my	1557
I stuck up the hand .	I stuck up my hand .	det_poss:the:my	1558
The son is a free man .	My son is a free man .	det_poss:the:my	1559
It was one of the most humiliating experiences of the life .	It was one of the most humiliating experiences of my life .	det_poss:the:my	1560
The boy , Hines said , wants to be just like him .	His boy , Hines said , wants to be just like him .	det_poss:the:his	1561
Innocent or not , the paintings are the real thing .	Innocent or not , his paintings are the real thing .	det_poss:the:his	1562
I have appreciated very much the sportsmanship .	I have appreciated very much his sportsmanship .	det_poss:the:his	1563
Mr Evans , 46 , declined to comment following the nomination on Tuesday .	Mr Evans , 46 , declined to comment following his nomination on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	1564
Still trying to get the taste buds to adjust to pomegranate juice .	Still trying to get my taste buds to adjust to pomegranate juice .	det_poss:the:my	1565
The enthusiasm and vision were dazzling .	Her enthusiasm and vision were dazzling .	det_poss:the:her	1566
The guess is that the real figure is closer to 400,000 .	His guess is that the real figure is closer to 400,000 .	det_poss:the:his	1567
So the wine stayed in the house .	So the wine stayed in his house .	det_poss:the:his	1568
No one knows what happened in the weeks after the death in 2003 .	No one knows what happened in the weeks after his death in 2003 .	det_poss:the:his	1569
The couple managed to conceal the engagement ring from the robber .	The couple managed to conceal her engagement ring from the robber .	det_poss:the:her	1570
However , do not hold the breath .	However , do not hold your breath .	det_poss:the:your	1571
The audience remained quiet through the speech .	The audience remained quiet through his speech .	det_poss:the:his	1572
The life is organized .	My life is organized .	det_poss:the:my	1573
Dragutinovic said the punch brushed the cheek .	Dragutinovic said the punch brushed his cheek .	det_poss:the:his	1574
I will look after the baby boy .	I will look after our baby boy .	det_poss:the:our	1575
A lot of the money would go into photography .	A lot of my money would go into photography .	det_poss:the:my	1576
Evans said she was not surprised police were recommending charges against the son .	Evans said she was not surprised police were recommending charges against her son .	det_poss:the:her	1577
Slow down the mind and think through the necessary steps .	Slow down your mind and think through the necessary steps .	det_poss:the:your	1578
It broke the heart .	It broke my heart .	det_poss:the:my	1579
Mr. Edwards understood the job was to be tough on the Bush-Cheney administration .	Mr. Edwards understood his job was to be tough on the Bush-Cheney administration .	det_poss:the:his	1580
" Tax fairness matters to the district , " Levin said .	" Tax fairness matters to my district , " Levin said .	det_poss:the:my	1581
Then he goes back and finishes the lunch .	Then he goes back and finishes his lunch .	det_poss:the:his	1582
Pan has since been suspended from the post .	Pan has since been suspended from her post .	det_poss:the:her	1583
If Billy breaks the arm she will not show up for the presentation .	If Billy breaks his arm she will not show up for the presentation .	det_poss:the:his	1584
Now Roy has to share the spot .	Now Roy has to share his spot .	det_poss:the:his	1585
We welcome Alexandre and the teams on board .	We welcome Alexandre and his teams on board .	det_poss:the:his	1586
He would also lose the driver 's license for life .	He would also lose his driver 's license for life .	det_poss:the:his	1587
Hate the job ?	Hate your job ?	det_poss:the:your	1588
The marriage was finished , and golf was finished .	My marriage was finished , and golf was finished .	det_poss:the:my	1589
It is never the fault .	It is never her fault .	det_poss:the:her	1590
A date has not yet been set for the retrial .	A date has not yet been set for his retrial .	det_poss:the:his	1591
He is at a big club so that should boost the confidence .	He is at a big club so that should boost his confidence .	det_poss:the:his	1592
What is the opinion about the jury 's ruling ?	What is your opinion about the jury 's ruling ?	det_poss:the:your	1593
In the mid-forties , I entered to law school .	In my mid-forties , I entered to law school .	det_poss:the:my	1594
The details of the case are protected by privacy laws .	The details of his case are protected by privacy laws .	det_poss:the:his	1595
Chef Gordon Ramsay takes the tally of Michelin stars up to 12 .	Chef Gordon Ramsay takes his tally of Michelin stars up to 12 .	det_poss:the:his	1596
He was pasty and short and the face was pockmarked .	He was pasty and short and his face was pockmarked .	det_poss:the:his	1597
" The client is obviously upset , " Ms. Mojaddidi said .	" My client is obviously upset , " Ms. Mojaddidi said .	det_poss:the:my	1598
A second key area of common cause between the nations is development .	A second key area of common cause between our nations is development .	det_poss:the:our	1599
So the supporters are ready .	So my supporters are ready .	det_poss:the:my	1600
Varshock and the son followed the firefighters .	Varshock and his son followed the firefighters .	det_poss:the:his	1601
" Go home , " the professors urged .	" Go home , " our professors urged .	det_poss:the:our	1602
A look at the record shows mixed results .	A look at her record shows mixed results .	det_poss:the:her	1603
Did you marvel at the ability to read that defense ?	Did you marvel at his ability to read that defense ?	det_poss:the:his	1604
Mr. McCain 's opponents have called the condemnation disingenuous .	Mr. McCain 's opponents have called his condemnation disingenuous .	det_poss:the:his	1605
But he never stopped looking directly into the eyes .	But he never stopped looking directly into my eyes .	det_poss:the:my	1606
He is seen on a videotape made before the death .	He is seen on a videotape made before his death .	det_poss:the:his	1607
" " I have never in the life been that scared .	" " I have never in my life been that scared .	det_poss:the:my	1608
You talked about Aung San Suu Kyi 's book and the story .	You talked about Aung San Suu Kyi 's book and her story .	det_poss:the:her	1609
We hope that the jail sentence will serve as a deterrent to others .	We hope that his jail sentence will serve as a deterrent to others .	det_poss:the:his	1610
Will marrying lower the income ?	Will marrying lower your income ?	det_poss:the:your	1611
He was smiling through the tears now .	He was smiling through his tears now .	det_poss:the:his	1612
Outside the delivery room we paced ; we bit the nails and waited .	Outside the delivery room we paced ; we bit our nails and waited .	det_poss:the:our	1613
Loftis also would not say if she changed the story .	Loftis also would not say if she changed her story .	det_poss:the:her	1614
Margera still faces a charge of violating the conditions of the bail .	Margera still faces a charge of violating the conditions of his bail .	det_poss:the:his	1615
We can meet the obligations to help poor children get health coverage .	We can meet our obligations to help poor children get health coverage .	det_poss:the:our	1616
A videotape showing the beheading was later distributed on the Internet .	A videotape showing his beheading was later distributed on the Internet .	det_poss:the:his	1617
They were saying how poor the level of rugby was .	They were saying how poor our level of rugby was .	det_poss:the:our	1618
The love affair with the bird dates back to the first grade .	His love affair with the bird dates back to the first grade .	det_poss:the:his	1619
He was on the way to becoming a doctor .	He was on his way to becoming a doctor .	det_poss:the:his	1620
And that attention will lead to more mainstream voters hearing the message .	And that attention will lead to more mainstream voters hearing his message .	det_poss:the:his	1621
He gave up the weekend on-air preaching in the 1990s .	He gave up his weekend on-air preaching in the 1990s .	det_poss:the:his	1622
Dr. Press shakes the head at the sight .	Dr. Press shakes his head at the sight .	det_poss:the:his	1623
The boyfriend was with her and got a tattoo , also .	Her boyfriend was with her and got a tattoo , also .	det_poss:the:her	1624
The lawyers did not respond Monday to requests for comment .	His lawyers did not respond Monday to requests for comment .	det_poss:the:his	1625
DORNIN : You brought the raincoats .	DORNIN : You brought your raincoats .	det_poss:the:your	1626
And a slight edginess about where they fit in to the life .	And a slight edginess about where they fit in to your life .	det_poss:the:your	1627
Isner got the fans woofing with rocket serves .	Isner got his fans woofing with rocket serves .	det_poss:the:his	1628
" The game is hitting and finishing checks , " Downie said .	" My game is hitting and finishing checks , " Downie said .	det_poss:the:my	1629
Social Security payments are based on the 35 highest-earning years in the career .	Social Security payments are based on the 35 highest-earning years in your career .	det_poss:the:your	1630
If the reputation is damaged , it is very , very tough .	If your reputation is damaged , it is very , very tough .	det_poss:the:your	1631
You cannot believe the luck .	You cannot believe your luck .	det_poss:the:your	1632
I do not want that to be on the résumé .	I do not want that to be on my résumé .	det_poss:the:my	1633
" not " Does this T-shirt show off the guns ?	" not " Does this T-shirt show off my guns ?	det_poss:the:my	1634
The guards found Hadi in the corner with a bullet through the head .	The guards found Hadi in the corner with a bullet through his head .	det_poss:the:his	1635
He refused to have the wound treated until he finished the speech .	He refused to have the wound treated until he finished his speech .	det_poss:the:his	1636
But whether that contributed to the death is not known .	But whether that contributed to his death is not known .	det_poss:the:his	1637
Rudy Giuliani was mum about the plans .	Rudy Giuliani was mum about his plans .	det_poss:the:his	1638
He is impressed by the willingness to learn .	He is impressed by her willingness to learn .	det_poss:the:her	1639
You do not have to read or help him market the book .	You do not have to read or help him market his book .	det_poss:the:his	1640
John Kuca and the daughter were dead at the scene .	John Kuca and his daughter were dead at the scene .	det_poss:the:his	1641
The men have maintained they had nothing to do with the disappearance .	The men have maintained they had nothing to do with her disappearance .	det_poss:the:her	1642
That is understandable since few players can match the achievements .	That is understandable since few players can match his achievements .	det_poss:the:his	1643
So , what can you get for the money ?	So , what can you get for your money ?	det_poss:the:your	1644
Artists are , in the mind , a completely different species to scientists .	Artists are , in my mind , a completely different species to scientists .	det_poss:the:my	1645
" " He has not seen the daughter for over five months .	" " He has not seen his daughter for over five months .	det_poss:the:his	1646
For the viewers , I want to explain what the fair tax is .	For our viewers , I want to explain what the fair tax is .	det_poss:the:our	1647
Ultimately most of that energy has to come from the power stations .	Ultimately most of that energy has to come from our power stations .	det_poss:the:our	1648
Bad weather forecasts meant the ride was postponed .	Bad weather forecasts meant my ride was postponed .	det_poss:the:my	1649
The job is to find the truth .	Your job is to find the truth .	det_poss:the:your	1650
She did not return a call to the office .	She did not return a call to her office .	det_poss:the:her	1651
But he is intent on putting the stamp on the agency .	But he is intent on putting his stamp on the agency .	det_poss:the:his	1652
Chavez repeatedly tried to interrupt , but the microphone was off .	Chavez repeatedly tried to interrupt , but his microphone was off .	det_poss:the:his	1653
A true Bolshevik has submerged the personality in the collectivity .	A true Bolshevik has submerged his personality in the collectivity .	det_poss:the:his	1654
" No , nothing 's wrong with the foot , " Randolph said .	" No , nothing 's wrong with his foot , " Randolph said .	det_poss:the:his	1655
Ravenel resigned a month after the June indictment .	Ravenel resigned a month after his June indictment .	det_poss:the:his	1656
The job is to put the best players on the field .	My job is to put the best players on the field .	det_poss:the:my	1657
Four of the finalists chose the quarter-finals .	Four of our finalists chose the quarter-finals .	det_poss:the:our	1658
I believe that man had a disease to the ego .	I believe that man had a disease to his ego .	det_poss:the:his	1659
Theron is the police detective leading the investigation into the disappearance .	Theron is the police detective leading the investigation into his disappearance .	det_poss:the:his	1660
The driver 's license happened .	His driver 's license happened .	det_poss:the:his	1661
Nevertheless , the passing has left a vacuum in Pakistani politics .	Nevertheless , her passing has left a vacuum in Pakistani politics .	det_poss:the:her	1662
It speaks the language .	It speaks your language .	det_poss:the:your	1663
The work merely held open the door to evolutionary thinking for later scientists .	His work merely held open the door to evolutionary thinking for later scientists .	det_poss:the:his	1664
The family have been informed .	His family have been informed .	det_poss:the:his	1665
Weigh in on the discussion board .	Weigh in on our discussion board .	det_poss:the:our	1666
We will keep you informed us the progress .	We will keep you informed us our progress .	det_poss:the:our	1667
The fighters appear to be local boys , highly motivated and heavily armed .	His fighters appear to be local boys , highly motivated and heavily armed .	det_poss:the:his	1668
Iranian officials have not said anything about the release .	Iranian officials have not said anything about his release .	det_poss:the:his	1669
Authorities questioned Ashley and searched the home Friday .	Authorities questioned Ashley and searched his home Friday .	det_poss:the:his	1670
The effort ultimately failed .	Her effort ultimately failed .	det_poss:the:her	1671
But the imprint is on every inch of the Indians clubhouse .	But his imprint is on every inch of the Indians clubhouse .	det_poss:the:his	1672
She disappeared in 1998 , and the body has never been found .	She disappeared in 1998 , and her body has never been found .	det_poss:the:her	1673
The advice is to put it back and have a croissant instead .	My advice is to put it back and have a croissant instead .	det_poss:the:my	1674
Bowen suggests focusing on that part of the body as you inhale .	Bowen suggests focusing on that part of your body as you inhale .	det_poss:the:your	1675
, refused to embrace the hardline partisan philosophy of the predecessor .	, refused to embrace the hardline partisan philosophy of her predecessor .	det_poss:the:her	1676
Still , if he supports the government , Dion jeopardizes the credibility .	Still , if he supports the government , Dion jeopardizes his credibility .	det_poss:the:his	1677
He decided to pull out ahead of the match against Wang Yeu-tzuoo .	He decided to pull out ahead of his match against Wang Yeu-tzuoo .	det_poss:the:his	1678
His wife continued the studies in occupational therapy .	His wife continued her studies in occupational therapy .	det_poss:the:her	1679
The response is inaudible .	Her response is inaudible .	det_poss:the:her	1680
Hajian is a commissioner of the fantasy league on Yahoo Sports .	Hajian is a commissioner of his fantasy league on Yahoo Sports .	det_poss:the:his	1681
But I will be honest ; the question tests this belief .	But I will be honest ; your question tests this belief .	det_poss:the:your	1682
But he basically shares the idea of their grand passion .	But he basically shares her idea of their grand passion .	det_poss:the:her	1683
He did not answer when they called the name , Stadelman said .	He did not answer when they called his name , Stadelman said .	det_poss:the:his	1684
I should have told the kids .	I should have told my kids .	det_poss:the:my	1685
And there is really no change in the posture since then .	And there is really no change in our posture since then .	det_poss:the:our	1686
But I guess it was not the turn after all this year .	But I guess it was not our turn after all this year .	det_poss:the:our	1687
You lose the looks .	You lose your looks .	det_poss:the:your	1688
Overall it is fair to say that it has limited the options here .	Overall it is fair to say that it has limited my options here .	det_poss:the:my	1689
The interviews and photo shoots were done .	Her interviews and photo shoots were done .	det_poss:the:her	1690
Mr. Russert : But why did you change the name ?	Mr. Russert : But why did you change your name ?	det_poss:the:your	1691
He paused for the bon mot to be appreciated .	He paused for his bon mot to be appreciated .	det_poss:the:his	1692
He has no remains of the son .	He has no remains of his son .	det_poss:the:his	1693
I wanted those kids in the life .	I wanted those kids in my life .	det_poss:the:my	1694
All of that may remain central to the legacy .	All of that may remain central to her legacy .	det_poss:the:her	1695
The cadaver certainly had neither .	My cadaver certainly had neither .	det_poss:the:my	1696
All the children should be able to see a doctor .	All our children should be able to see a doctor .	det_poss:the:our	1697
This is a defining moment for the Republican Party , in the opinion .	This is a defining moment for the Republican Party , in my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	1698
Simply say you prefer having the friends sleep at the house instead .	Simply say you prefer having the friends sleep at your house instead .	det_poss:the:your	1699
But owner Steve Bisciotti evidently changed the mind .	But owner Steve Bisciotti evidently changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	1700
" " The lesson is give them a seat the table .	" " Her lesson is give them a seat the table .	det_poss:the:her	1701
At least , that is what the title suggests .	At least , that is what his title suggests .	det_poss:the:his	1702
Anderson explains it was the intention to leave the audience puzzled .	Anderson explains it was his intention to leave the audience puzzled .	det_poss:the:his	1703
In the private school , the class had 15 students .	In the private school , her class had 15 students .	det_poss:the:her	1704
Raikkonen is eyeing victory at Monza to boost the championship hopes .	Raikkonen is eyeing victory at Monza to boost his championship hopes .	det_poss:the:his	1705
Open The Heart books are also perfect for Valentine 's Day !	Open Your Heart books are also perfect for Valentine 's Day !	det_poss:the:your	1706
But a leopard can change the spots .	But a leopard can change his spots .	det_poss:the:his	1707
But I cannot help hoping that it leaves the status unchanged .	But I cannot help hoping that it leaves his status unchanged .	det_poss:the:his	1708
The voice broke , and he was led off the floor in tears .	His voice broke , and he was led off the floor in tears .	det_poss:the:his	1709
He shook the head .	He shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	1710
The affidavit said McEnroe shot all four .	His affidavit said McEnroe shot all four .	det_poss:the:his	1711
Lost control Can I deduct these expenses on the income tax returns ?	Lost control Can I deduct these expenses on my income tax returns ?	det_poss:the:my	1712
Gunmen attack the convoy , killing six people .	Gunmen attack his convoy , killing six people .	det_poss:the:his	1713
By mid-January , the last of the applications were out .	By mid-January , the last of his applications were out .	det_poss:the:his	1714
I ignore the little voice in the head advising me against taking risks .	I ignore the little voice in my head advising me against taking risks .	det_poss:the:my	1715
Weeks later they testified on behalf of the choice for a new chancellor .	Weeks later they testified on behalf of his choice for a new chancellor .	det_poss:the:his	1716
Mr. Cohen did not return calls yesterday to the work and cellphone numbers .	Mr. Cohen did not return calls yesterday to his work and cellphone numbers .	det_poss:the:his	1717
We do not want the kids to memorize .	We do not want our kids to memorize .	det_poss:the:our	1718
As long as the music can reach as many people of possible .	As long as my music can reach as many people of possible .	det_poss:the:my	1719
Kerry Collins started in the place .	Kerry Collins started in his place .	det_poss:the:his	1720
But a lot of people are familiar with the I-Reports .	But a lot of people are familiar with my I-Reports .	det_poss:the:my	1721
They kicked him out when school interfered with the chores .	They kicked him out when school interfered with his chores .	det_poss:the:his	1722
I have relinquished control over the decisions to the universal mind .	I have relinquished control over my decisions to the universal mind .	det_poss:the:my	1723
The book is terrific .	His book is terrific .	det_poss:the:his	1724
You have to be assessing the job and career all the time .	You have to be assessing your job and career all the time .	det_poss:the:your	1725
" Magic , " Feeney said yesterday , laughing at the joke .	" Magic , " Feeney said yesterday , laughing at her joke .	det_poss:the:her	1726
" From that moment onwards , the life changed , " he explained .	" From that moment onwards , his life changed , " he explained .	det_poss:the:his	1727
They are representations of the life .	They are representations of my life .	det_poss:the:my	1728
A main sector to watch , in the view , is financial services .	A main sector to watch , in his view , is financial services .	det_poss:the:his	1729
And yesterday he maintained the dignity even between frequent trips to the toilet .	And yesterday he maintained his dignity even between frequent trips to the toilet .	det_poss:the:his	1730
Today I am ending the candidacy for the 2008 Republican nomination for president .	Today I am ending my candidacy for the 2008 Republican nomination for president .	det_poss:the:my	1731
This program has been the work of many people beyond the partners .	This program has been the work of many people beyond our partners .	det_poss:the:our	1732
What was the impression of Prime Minister Maliki today ?	What was your impression of Prime Minister Maliki today ?	det_poss:the:your	1733
The college counseling office would be a great place to start .	Your college counseling office would be a great place to start .	det_poss:the:your	1734
President Bush appointed Myers during a recess to the post .	President Bush appointed Myers during a recess to her post .	det_poss:the:her	1735
He had to be thinking about the legacy , Ives said .	He had to be thinking about his legacy , Ives said .	det_poss:the:his	1736
The son and I take turns seeing who can top the other .	My son and I take turns seeing who can top the other .	det_poss:the:my	1737
: The heart goes out to the families .	: My heart goes out to the families .	det_poss:the:my	1738
Craig was chosen for induction last spring well before the arrest .	Craig was chosen for induction last spring well before his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	1739
I could not let the energy be on that .	I could not let my energy be on that .	det_poss:the:my	1740
Then he changes the mind .	Then he changes his mind .	det_poss:the:his	1741
" She knows the stuff ; she really does , " Gibbs said .	" She knows her stuff ; she really does , " Gibbs said .	det_poss:the:her	1742
The preference would be to pass and act later .	My preference would be to pass and act later .	det_poss:the:my	1743
She said Alex was discovered dead in the cage Friday morning .	She said Alex was discovered dead in his cage Friday morning .	det_poss:the:his	1744
The voice was full of desperation and resignation .	Her voice was full of desperation and resignation .	det_poss:the:her	1745
This low-maintenance attitude has served the hair well .	This low-maintenance attitude has served her hair well .	det_poss:the:her	1746
This time , the family would be close by .	This time , his family would be close by .	det_poss:the:his	1747
This press release contains forward-looking statements about the expectations .	This press release contains forward-looking statements about our expectations .	det_poss:the:our	1748
I had no reason to remember the teachers especially .	I had no reason to remember my teachers especially .	det_poss:the:my	1749
Sure , entering the profile takes time .	Sure , entering your profile takes time .	det_poss:the:your	1750
MTV said the rapper canceled the appearances due to changes in the schedule .	MTV said the rapper canceled the appearances due to changes in his schedule .	det_poss:the:his	1751
At 13 , he is doubled the weight to 111 pounds .	At 13 , he is doubled his weight to 111 pounds .	det_poss:the:his	1752
Sophomore Denzel Burrell will start in the place .	Sophomore Denzel Burrell will start in his place .	det_poss:the:his	1753
Bush said the U.S. engagement will stretch beyond the presidency .	Bush said the U.S. engagement will stretch beyond his presidency .	det_poss:the:his	1754
The Bruins announced the death but did not disclose the cause .	The Bruins announced his death but did not disclose the cause .	det_poss:the:his	1755
So those are the indulgences .	So those are my indulgences .	det_poss:the:my	1756
Still , Randolph said he was not concerned about losing the job .	Still , Randolph said he was not concerned about losing his job .	det_poss:the:his	1757
In 1991 , he was at the top of the game .	In 1991 , he was at the top of his game .	det_poss:the:his	1758
What is the goal ?	What is your goal ?	det_poss:the:your	1759
id = 1745732007 Has cancer affected the life in some way ?	id = 1745732007 Has cancer affected your life in some way ?	det_poss:the:your	1760
Her husband presided over an impressive recovery of the economy during the term .	Her husband presided over an impressive recovery of the economy during his term .	det_poss:the:his	1761
Gorbachev understood that the arms race was ruining the country .	Gorbachev understood that the arms race was ruining his country .	det_poss:the:his	1762
Besides the son , Umeki is survived by two grandchildren .	Besides her son , Umeki is survived by two grandchildren .	det_poss:the:her	1763
Messages left with the attorney were not immediately returned .	Messages left with her attorney were not immediately returned .	det_poss:the:her	1764
" I am very proud of the guys , " Johnson said .	" I am very proud of our guys , " Johnson said .	det_poss:the:our	1765
Revisit the goals to adjust for realistic expectations .	Revisit your goals to adjust for realistic expectations .	det_poss:the:your	1766
I tried to warn the friends .	I tried to warn his friends .	det_poss:the:his	1767
I could smell the breath up close and personal .	I could smell his breath up close and personal .	det_poss:the:his	1768
The name is on it .	His name is on it .	det_poss:the:his	1769
He tore the house down and bought the one next door .	He tore his house down and bought the one next door .	det_poss:the:his	1770
Burn more calories by using the commute to help you work out .	Burn more calories by using your commute to help you work out .	det_poss:the:your	1771
The life changed dramatically when he met Castro in Mexico .	His life changed dramatically when he met Castro in Mexico .	det_poss:the:his	1772
Notes : Reyes ' 10th career leadoff homer extended the club record .	Notes : Reyes ' 10th career leadoff homer extended his club record .	det_poss:the:his	1773
What is the point ?	What is your point ?	det_poss:the:your	1774
So Poinar took the research in another direction .	So Poinar took his research in another direction .	det_poss:the:his	1775
Mara Haensel started the vacation braced for disaster .	Mara Haensel started her vacation braced for disaster .	det_poss:the:her	1776
Now he is being challenged for the failure to meet those promises .	Now he is being challenged for his failure to meet those promises .	det_poss:the:his	1777
I cap the days with a bowl of sutlac .	I cap my days with a bowl of sutlac .	det_poss:the:my	1778
But he could not raise the arm in a shooting motion yet .	But he could not raise his arm in a shooting motion yet .	det_poss:the:his	1779
The magazine was probably produced with Photoshop and Illustrator and Adobe fonts .	Your magazine was probably produced with Photoshop and Illustrator and Adobe fonts .	det_poss:the:your	1780
The cellphone rings , and it is him .	My cellphone rings , and it is him .	det_poss:the:my	1781
It is the honor to be their Commander-in-Chief .	It is my honor to be their Commander-in-Chief .	det_poss:the:my	1782
Place a fraud alert on the account .	Place a fraud alert on your account .	det_poss:the:your	1783
Later , I asked Dell for the thoughts .	Later , I asked Dell for her thoughts .	det_poss:the:her	1784
The new security has increased morale and renewed the hope .	The new security has increased morale and renewed his hope .	det_poss:the:his	1785
Take the pictures but do not go 60 mph down a one-way street .	Take your pictures but do not go 60 mph down a one-way street .	det_poss:the:your	1786
The body was found in woodland just off a bridle path near Ammanford .	Her body was found in woodland just off a bridle path near Ammanford .	det_poss:the:her	1787
Poland arrests 55 suspects over pedophilia The mortgage is a binding contract .	Poland arrests 55 suspects over pedophilia Your mortgage is a binding contract .	det_poss:the:your	1788
Supporters fear Sharif could be arrested or deported on the arrival .	Supporters fear Sharif could be arrested or deported on his arrival .	det_poss:the:his	1789
A boy uses the phone while Johnson is distracted .	A boy uses his phone while Johnson is distracted .	det_poss:the:his	1790
... Thompson has yet to officially announce the candidacy .	... Thompson has yet to officially announce his candidacy .	det_poss:the:his	1791
Bush defended the response to both governments .	Bush defended his response to both governments .	det_poss:the:his	1792
, which was developed and pioneered in the home town of Leeds .	, which was developed and pioneered in her home town of Leeds .	det_poss:the:her	1793
I feel better in the body now than when I was 20 .	I feel better in my body now than when I was 20 .	det_poss:the:my	1794
The school is three-quarters Shiite .	His school is three-quarters Shiite .	det_poss:the:his	1795
The lad cannot make it this week .	My lad cannot make it this week .	det_poss:the:my	1796
It makes sure AK Steel can never mess with the benefits again .	It makes sure AK Steel can never mess with our benefits again .	det_poss:the:our	1797
She said she only wanted to show the gratitude for Keillor 's work .	She said she only wanted to show her gratitude for Keillor 's work .	det_poss:the:her	1798
It never crossed the mind that we would end up in America .	It never crossed my mind that we would end up in America .	det_poss:the:my	1799
Before winning lottery The appearance has changed little .	Before winning lottery His appearance has changed little .	det_poss:the:his	1800
I do not have them in the home .	I do not have them in my home .	det_poss:the:my	1801
Thursday through Saturday , expect to muscle the way to the bar .	Thursday through Saturday , expect to muscle your way to the bar .	det_poss:the:your	1802
Off with fairs and information sessions , say Thacker and the supporters .	Off with fairs and information sessions , say Thacker and his supporters .	det_poss:the:his	1803
The name of the attorney was not immediately available .	The name of her attorney was not immediately available .	det_poss:the:her	1804
The compatriot Bernd Schuster has reportedly been sounded out about the job .	His compatriot Bernd Schuster has reportedly been sounded out about the job .	det_poss:the:his	1805
" " I 'll have to use the chances if I get them .	" " I 'll have to use my chances if I get them .	det_poss:the:my	1806
Giuliani Got The Iraq Stats Wrong .	Giuliani Got His Iraq Stats Wrong .	det_poss:the:his	1807
He fell ill around the time of the return , Clyde Bellecourt said .	He fell ill around the time of his return , Clyde Bellecourt said .	det_poss:the:his	1808
The recovery 's coming quicker and quicker .	His recovery 's coming quicker and quicker .	det_poss:the:his	1809
You know , that is the Dog .	You know , that is our Dog .	det_poss:the:our	1810
In the opinion , should Myanmar 's military junta respond to the protesters ?	In your opinion , should Myanmar 's military junta respond to the protesters ?	det_poss:the:your	1811
Quit the teaching job ?	Quit his teaching job ?	det_poss:the:his	1812
In Atlanta , Clinton defended the statement .	In Atlanta , Clinton defended her statement .	det_poss:the:her	1813
He can simply pinpoint it with the words , provoking shame .	He can simply pinpoint it with his words , provoking shame .	det_poss:the:his	1814
said The Highness .	said His Highness .	det_poss:the:his	1815
Now once again , it is the job to prove them wrong .	Now once again , it is our job to prove them wrong .	det_poss:the:our	1816
The luggage was , of course , lost .	Her luggage was , of course , lost .	det_poss:the:her	1817
It depends on the definition of work , I suppose .	It depends on your definition of work , I suppose .	det_poss:the:your	1818
We thank you for your wonderful support of the work .	We thank you for your wonderful support of our work .	det_poss:the:our	1819
Thousands of the supporters were expected to take part .	Thousands of her supporters were expected to take part .	det_poss:the:her	1820
Deborah Lindner 's sister , Lori French , got the results first .	Deborah Lindner 's sister , Lori French , got her results first .	det_poss:the:her	1821
Anand distinguished himself as a youth for the chess acumen .	Anand distinguished himself as a youth for his chess acumen .	det_poss:the:his	1822
She also said she thought Simpson 's profits would go to the children .	She also said she thought Simpson 's profits would go to his children .	det_poss:the:his	1823
He can even access it if he is away from the office .	He can even access it if he is away from his office .	det_poss:the:his	1824
But why use income taxes to finance the system ?	But why use income taxes to finance her system ?	det_poss:the:her	1825
Do not bring the circus of hate to Maryland again .	Do not bring your circus of hate to Maryland again .	det_poss:the:your	1826
I knew the son was working .	I knew my son was working .	det_poss:the:my	1827
You told me it holds a special place in the heart .	You told me it holds a special place in your heart .	det_poss:the:your	1828
The men gave rangers a couple of GPS units and guns .	His men gave rangers a couple of GPS units and guns .	det_poss:the:his	1829
He dismissed suggestions that the age would impede him .	He dismissed suggestions that his age would impede him .	det_poss:the:his	1830
He tries to move the hands again toward the innocent .	He tries to move his hands again toward the innocent .	det_poss:the:his	1831
Won 't the complaints of the therapy patients seem trivial ?	Won 't the complaints of her therapy patients seem trivial ?	det_poss:the:her	1832
Over the clothes I wear an oversized white coverall with a hood .	Over my clothes I wear an oversized white coverall with a hood .	det_poss:the:my	1833
Moses : Let the people go !	Moses : Let my people go !	det_poss:the:my	1834
) has invited the counterpart , Majority Leader Harry M. Reid ( D-Nev .	) has invited his counterpart , Majority Leader Harry M. Reid ( D-Nev .	det_poss:the:his	1835
Later he would confirm the commitment to a Global Panel-led initiative .	Later he would confirm his commitment to a Global Panel-led initiative .	det_poss:the:his	1836
Thai coach Nataphon Srisamutnak was happy with the team 's performance .	Thai coach Nataphon Srisamutnak was happy with his team 's performance .	det_poss:the:his	1837
He complainant 's said the efforts to contact police failed .	He complainant 's said his efforts to contact police failed .	det_poss:the:his	1838
Sandy is divorced and in the 50s .	Sandy is divorced and in her 50s .	det_poss:the:her	1839
It is the nature of the job .	It is the nature of my job .	det_poss:the:my	1840
Stocks Rise After Fed Rate Cut Decision Tuesday to see the girlfriend .	Stocks Rise After Fed Rate Cut Decision Tuesday to see his girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	1841
The advice : Don 't multitask .	His advice : Don 't multitask .	det_poss:the:his	1842
We hope that by this plea he can get on with the life .	We hope that by this plea he can get on with his life .	det_poss:the:his	1843
He will replace Brian Quinn , who leaves the post on November 19 .	He will replace Brian Quinn , who leaves his post on November 19 .	det_poss:the:his	1844
This , in the opinion , is just unacceptable and ignorant .	This , in my opinion , is just unacceptable and ignorant .	det_poss:the:my	1845
That would make the majority even more secure .	That would make his majority even more secure .	det_poss:the:his	1846
HMRC declined to comment on the remarks .	HMRC declined to comment on his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	1847
Ridicule aside , second homes for worship needn 't cost you the soul .	Ridicule aside , second homes for worship needn 't cost you your soul .	det_poss:the:your	1848
Midlands ¶ Valium , as needed , to help the sleep .	Midlands ¶ Valium , as needed , to help her sleep .	det_poss:the:her	1849
In the ruling , Porter said the case overwhelmingly fell against Craig .	In his ruling , Porter said the case overwhelmingly fell against Craig .	det_poss:the:his	1850
Carol plucked the eyebrows .	Carol plucked her eyebrows .	det_poss:the:her	1851
2007 June - Prime minister Soro survives a rocket attack on the plane .	2007 June - Prime minister Soro survives a rocket attack on his plane .	det_poss:the:his	1852
Kate seemed unhappy and exhibited some strange behavior during the stay .	Kate seemed unhappy and exhibited some strange behavior during her stay .	det_poss:the:her	1853
To make the point Mr. Eliasson has sometimes resorted to vigilante-style tactics .	To make his point Mr. Eliasson has sometimes resorted to vigilante-style tactics .	det_poss:the:his	1854
The campaign to rejoin under the name of Taiwan failed this year .	His campaign to rejoin under the name of Taiwan failed this year .	det_poss:the:his	1855
Declarer won with the ace and played a spade .	Declarer won with his ace and played a spade .	det_poss:the:his	1856
In the Commons statement , Mr Browne promised that lessons would be learned .	In his Commons statement , Mr Browne promised that lessons would be learned .	det_poss:the:his	1857
Get the children involved .	Get your children involved .	det_poss:the:your	1858
Or you have to prepare for the exam before you watch television .	Or you have to prepare for your exam before you watch television .	det_poss:the:your	1859
He has the personality back .	He has his personality back .	det_poss:the:his	1860
The approach to world affairs is more multilateral .	His approach to world affairs is more multilateral .	det_poss:the:his	1861
They will be perhaps looking in the dust cloud .	They will be perhaps looking in my dust cloud .	det_poss:the:my	1862
, even offering to waive the fee .	, even offering to waive his fee .	det_poss:the:his	1863
Such difficult circumstances , however , reminded Edwards of the career at Stanford .	Such difficult circumstances , however , reminded Edwards of his career at Stanford .	det_poss:the:his	1864
What , leave the balls alone ?	What , leave my balls alone ?	det_poss:the:my	1865
My husband works for GM. and we were OK without the paycheck .	My husband works for GM. and we were OK without my paycheck .	det_poss:the:my	1866
Sorry , but I have to get the attention on this one .	Sorry , but I have to get your attention on this one .	det_poss:the:your	1867
As a Times reporter , the purview goes well beyond Times Square .	As a Times reporter , my purview goes well beyond Times Square .	det_poss:the:my	1868
The transplant four years ago saved Dugan from cancer .	His transplant four years ago saved Dugan from cancer .	det_poss:the:his	1869
Or will you embrace the people 's desire for change ?	Or will you embrace your people 's desire for change ?	det_poss:the:your	1870
Dangling from the 12th floor , they happily cleaned the window .	Dangling from the 12th floor , they happily cleaned her window .	det_poss:the:her	1871
They continued as he dug the cleats into the dirt .	They continued as he dug his cleats into the dirt .	det_poss:the:his	1872
The reputation has been tainted by his politics .	His reputation has been tainted by his politics .	det_poss:the:his	1873
A voluminous top makes the bottom half of the body appear slimmer .	A voluminous top makes the bottom half of your body appear slimmer .	det_poss:the:your	1874
Garcia subsequently claimed the comment was misinterpreted .	Garcia subsequently claimed his comment was misinterpreted .	det_poss:the:his	1875
He started to attack the leg .	He started to attack my leg .	det_poss:the:my	1876
" He was a nice guy , " the friend said .	" He was a nice guy , " his friend said .	det_poss:the:his	1877
AOL 's got the back .	AOL 's got your back .	det_poss:the:your	1878
Youssif cracked a smile , noticeable despite the severe scars on the face .	Youssif cracked a smile , noticeable despite the severe scars on his face .	det_poss:the:his	1879
And now the bubble has burst .	And now my bubble has burst .	det_poss:the:my	1880
The head was blown apart .	His head was blown apart .	det_poss:the:his	1881
She chose to keep a roof over the head .	She chose to keep a roof over her head .	det_poss:the:her	1882
The attorney has said Tesler expects to go to trial .	His attorney has said Tesler expects to go to trial .	det_poss:the:his	1883
If not , make the intentions clear .	If not , make your intentions clear .	det_poss:the:your	1884
The plan was to find some shelter to protect us from the winds .	Our plan was to find some shelter to protect us from the winds .	det_poss:the:our	1885
Lovie , it is time to open the eyes and pay attention .	Lovie , it is time to open your eyes and pay attention .	det_poss:the:your	1886
He had taken the Porsche from the workplace without permission .	He had taken the Porsche from his workplace without permission .	det_poss:the:his	1887
I smell the shoes .	I smell my shoes .	det_poss:the:my	1888
The son was no racist , Ms. Cicciaro said .	Her son was no racist , Ms. Cicciaro said .	det_poss:the:her	1889
" I have made the decision , " I told him .	" I have made my decision , " I told him .	det_poss:the:my	1890
He asked for the name not to be published for fear of reprisals .	He asked for his name not to be published for fear of reprisals .	det_poss:the:his	1891
But Lavine said the company is not counting on revenue growth from gifts .	But Lavine said her company is not counting on revenue growth from gifts .	det_poss:the:her	1892
He said he believed the release was imminent .	He said he believed his release was imminent .	det_poss:the:his	1893
One of the colleagues left the business recently .	One of his colleagues left the business recently .	det_poss:the:his	1894
The Manchester office routinely draws protesters .	His Manchester office routinely draws protesters .	det_poss:the:his	1895
Lotter has maintained since the arrest that he is innocent .	Lotter has maintained since his arrest that he is innocent .	det_poss:the:his	1896
Grace and the twins are resting at home .	Grace and her twins are resting at home .	det_poss:the:her	1897
Put it this way : the stock is unlikely to rise .	Put it this way : her stock is unlikely to rise .	det_poss:the:her	1898
He has a bunch of department videos to set him on the way .	He has a bunch of department videos to set him on his way .	det_poss:the:his	1899
" It is certainly counter to the expectations , " Mr. Prindle said .	" It is certainly counter to our expectations , " Mr. Prindle said .	det_poss:the:our	1900
Let 's test the celery hint IQ .	Let 's test your celery hint IQ .	det_poss:the:your	1901
I go with Sean Singletary for the Cavs .	I go with Sean Singletary for my Cavs .	det_poss:the:my	1902
Or maybe all those tight skirts she wears have cut off the circulation .	Or maybe all those tight skirts she wears have cut off her circulation .	det_poss:the:her	1903
But on reflection , he amended the answer .	But on reflection , he amended his answer .	det_poss:the:his	1904
Sharp 's goal was the league-leading seventh short-handed .	Sharp 's goal was his league-leading seventh short-handed .	det_poss:the:his	1905
The landlord is effectively subsidizing me a in a big way .	My landlord is effectively subsidizing me a in a big way .	det_poss:the:my	1906
I would quit the job .	I would quit my job .	det_poss:the:my	1907
Shannon said he would like to take over the case manager 's job .	Shannon said he would like to take over his case manager 's job .	det_poss:the:his	1908
But the encounter is not quite over .	But our encounter is not quite over .	det_poss:the:our	1909
Therefore , we highlighted the procedures for verifying this information in the questionnaire .	Therefore , we highlighted the procedures for verifying this information in our questionnaire .	det_poss:the:our	1910
Breed will not be hauling any winnings back to the San Diego home .	Breed will not be hauling any winnings back to his San Diego home .	det_poss:the:his	1911
The superiors wanted the case cleared up , and cleared up fast .	His superiors wanted the case cleared up , and cleared up fast .	det_poss:the:his	1912
Scott returned the car without picking up the girlfriend .	Scott returned the car without picking up his girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	1913
He wondered if Peterson might be coming after the family next .	He wondered if Peterson might be coming after his family next .	det_poss:the:his	1914
" It is like selling parts of the factory , " McKinnon said .	" It is like selling parts of your factory , " McKinnon said .	det_poss:the:your	1915
In an interview , Mr. Thompson said the priorities had not changed .	In an interview , Mr. Thompson said his priorities had not changed .	det_poss:the:his	1916
Carefully choose which collision repair facility will work on the car .	Carefully choose which collision repair facility will work on your car .	det_poss:the:your	1917
The bigger question is how much will the performance improve Seattle 's fortunes .	The bigger question is how much will his performance improve Seattle 's fortunes .	det_poss:the:his	1918
Lilly would love to reprise the gang of old 's gold-medal send-off .	Lilly would love to reprise her gang of old 's gold-medal send-off .	det_poss:the:her	1919
Own everything The tip and it is one that I live buy .	Own everything My tip and it is one that I live buy .	det_poss:the:my	1920
This year , the team documented 50 females with cubs of the year .	This year , his team documented 50 females with cubs of the year .	det_poss:the:his	1921
The rationale made perfect sense , to him at least .	His rationale made perfect sense , to him at least .	det_poss:the:his	1922
So players have a better chance of accessing the games .	So players have a better chance of accessing my games .	det_poss:the:my	1923
Nichols had a towel wrapped around the bleeding hands , she said .	Nichols had a towel wrapped around his bleeding hands , she said .	det_poss:the:his	1924
Bush said , chopping the table with the side of the hand .	Bush said , chopping the table with the side of his hand .	det_poss:the:his	1925
The grandmother sent her to live in a village with her uncle .	Her grandmother sent her to live in a village with her uncle .	det_poss:the:her	1926
The family of four eats out usually only once or twice a month .	My family of four eats out usually only once or twice a month .	det_poss:the:my	1927
He completes a sub-orbital flight in the spacecraft Friendship 7 .	He completes a sub-orbital flight in his spacecraft Friendship 7 .	det_poss:the:his	1928
Ten weeks into the pregnancy , Mrs Adedeji miscarried .	Ten weeks into her pregnancy , Mrs Adedeji miscarried .	det_poss:the:her	1929
Presumed dead , the body was never found .	Presumed dead , his body was never found .	det_poss:the:his	1930
Could not be shaken from the opinion .	Could not be shaken from her opinion .	det_poss:the:her	1931
Do the markets properly and we will all come .	Do your markets properly and we will all come .	det_poss:the:your	1932
I watched and saw Luna 's mother shut the eyes .	I watched and saw Luna 's mother shut her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	1933
The victim was shot dead on the way to work , police said .	The victim was shot dead on his way to work , police said .	det_poss:the:his	1934
Meredith Kercher was found dead with a stab wound to the neck .	Meredith Kercher was found dead with a stab wound to her neck .	det_poss:the:her	1935
Stevie did not forget the Motown roots .	Stevie did not forget his Motown roots .	det_poss:the:his	1936
The team 's playing well .	Our team 's playing well .	det_poss:the:our	1937
The reaction from the audience was little more than a shrug .	The reaction from her audience was little more than a shrug .	det_poss:the:her	1938
Karl Rove , the car is ready .	Karl Rove , your car is ready .	det_poss:the:your	1939
Finally he got the pickup started and jump started the van .	Finally he got his pickup started and jump started the van .	det_poss:the:his	1940
You proved the point .	You proved my point .	det_poss:the:my	1941
The injuries are not thought to be life-threatening .	His injuries are not thought to be life-threatening .	det_poss:the:his	1942
Mr Blocher and the chums took control of the SVP in the 1990s .	Mr Blocher and his chums took control of the SVP in the 1990s .	det_poss:the:his	1943
It does not affect the job , how I carry myself .	It does not affect my job , how I carry myself .	det_poss:the:my	1944
The response to the cynics was typically robust .	His response to the cynics was typically robust .	det_poss:the:his	1945
May the return visits to New York be more frequent .	May his return visits to New York be more frequent .	det_poss:the:his	1946
They ruined the chances , so I guess it evens out .	They ruined our chances , so I guess it evens out .	det_poss:the:our	1947
You You Thompson has $ 7 million , the campaign said .	You You Thompson has $ 7 million , his campaign said .	det_poss:the:his	1948
First , the brains consist of material particles .	First , our brains consist of material particles .	det_poss:the:our	1949
Mrs Foster says she will sue anyone who impugns the integrity .	Mrs Foster says she will sue anyone who impugns her integrity .	det_poss:the:her	1950
It is the smirk .	It is his smirk .	det_poss:the:his	1951
The teammates were a combined 27 of 66 from the field .	His teammates were a combined 27 of 66 from the field .	det_poss:the:his	1952
What if he misses much of next season for the trial ?	What if he misses much of next season for his trial ?	det_poss:the:his	1953
You want to violate the order , go ahead and do so .	You want to violate my order , go ahead and do so .	det_poss:the:my	1954
The view , of course , is I am a pro-life individual .	My view , of course , is I am a pro-life individual .	det_poss:the:my	1955
The battery of races tore down the body .	The battery of races tore down his body .	det_poss:the:his	1956
The he started saying and doing stuff that became the unraveling .	The he started saying and doing stuff that became his unraveling .	det_poss:the:his	1957
Then , through the anger , she heard something .	Then , through her anger , she heard something .	det_poss:the:her	1958
He decided to leave the North Branch , Mich .	He decided to leave his North Branch , Mich .	det_poss:the:his	1959
The defense has claimed he acted in self-defense after Vang fired at him .	His defense has claimed he acted in self-defense after Vang fired at him .	det_poss:the:his	1960
Willis unbuttons the top button of the shirt .	Willis unbuttons the top button of his shirt .	det_poss:the:his	1961
Gone is the perma-stress etched in the character 's face .	Gone is the perma-stress etched in his character 's face .	det_poss:the:his	1962
But there are signs the iron fist has fissures .	But there are signs his iron fist has fissures .	det_poss:the:his	1963
A lot of the teasing is about the job .	A lot of the teasing is about my job .	det_poss:the:my	1964
More impressively , the motivation has returned , big style .	More impressively , my motivation has returned , big style .	det_poss:the:my	1965
He is almost to the goal , no matter how circuitous the route .	He is almost to his goal , no matter how circuitous the route .	det_poss:the:his	1966
But today , I think we are quite proud of the achievements .	But today , I think we are quite proud of our achievements .	det_poss:the:our	1967
The injuries are not thought to be life threatening .	His injuries are not thought to be life threatening .	det_poss:the:his	1968
The situation does seem to be exceptional and in need of professional advice .	Your situation does seem to be exceptional and in need of professional advice .	det_poss:the:your	1969
If they tell me to leave the office I 'll go .	If they tell me to leave my office I 'll go .	det_poss:the:my	1970
We can use all the capabilities to take out the enemy .	We can use all our capabilities to take out the enemy .	det_poss:the:our	1971
The relationship with Universal has been great .	Our relationship with Universal has been great .	det_poss:the:our	1972
The coach had intimidated her .	Her coach had intimidated her .	det_poss:the:her	1973
" He is saying , ' These are the things that they stole .	" He is saying , ' These are my things that they stole .	det_poss:the:my	1974
And the automobile does not have to look like a golf cart .	And your automobile does not have to look like a golf cart .	det_poss:the:your	1975
But the bid of $ 220,000 looked unlikely to win .	But his bid of $ 220,000 looked unlikely to win .	det_poss:the:his	1976
The factors underlying the forecasts are dynamic and subject to change .	The factors underlying our forecasts are dynamic and subject to change .	det_poss:the:our	1977
As for the pudding , it was a Fawlty Towers disaster .	As for my pudding , it was a Fawlty Towers disaster .	det_poss:the:my	1978
The chickens of the denial are coming home to roost with a vengeance .	The chickens of our denial are coming home to roost with a vengeance .	det_poss:the:our	1979
Did you envy the confidence and poise ?	Did you envy his confidence and poise ?	det_poss:the:his	1980
Survivors include the children , Gene Jr .	Survivors include his children , Gene Jr .	det_poss:the:his	1981
" It is the good thing about the team , " Turkoglu said .	" It is the good thing about our team , " Turkoglu said .	det_poss:the:our	1982
It is absolutely disgraceful the abuse you and the staff take .	It is absolutely disgraceful the abuse you and your staff take .	det_poss:the:your	1983
It was 40 years before another tumor metastasized to the liver .	It was 40 years before another tumor metastasized to her liver .	det_poss:the:her	1984
Growth helps the money last and helps offset inflation .	Growth helps your money last and helps offset inflation .	det_poss:the:your	1985
I will ruin the night .	I will ruin your night .	det_poss:the:your	1986
The goal seems to rally discontent from every quarter .	His goal seems to rally discontent from every quarter .	det_poss:the:his	1987
Rep. Weller to give up Ill. seat Double check the megabits .	Rep. Weller to give up Ill. seat Double check his megabits .	det_poss:the:his	1988
Well , the Latin is still passable .	Well , my Latin is still passable .	det_poss:the:my	1989
The regime also could open talks with Suu Kyi and the party .	The regime also could open talks with Suu Kyi and her party .	det_poss:the:her	1990
So do the habits .	So do her habits .	det_poss:the:her	1991
Events have now eased that uncertainty and the customers will be more positive .	Events have now eased that uncertainty and my customers will be more positive .	det_poss:the:my	1992
New Drugs The question violated all the rules of cross-examination .	New Drugs His question violated all the rules of cross-examination .	det_poss:the:his	1993
Casey 's most recent test results show that the cancer has stabilized .	Casey 's most recent test results show that her cancer has stabilized .	det_poss:the:her	1994
That is the priority .	That is your priority .	det_poss:the:your	1995
The Peruvian government quickly requested the extradition .	The Peruvian government quickly requested his extradition .	det_poss:the:his	1996
The party has vowed to boycott some state occasions , including presidential ceremonies .	His party has vowed to boycott some state occasions , including presidential ceremonies .	det_poss:the:his	1997
I am very , very fiery when I talk to the players .	I am very , very fiery when I talk to my players .	det_poss:the:my	1998
The son 's name , Brooklyn , is tattooed above his tush .	His son 's name , Brooklyn , is tattooed above his tush .	det_poss:the:his	1999
That is just not the area .	That is just not my area .	det_poss:the:my	2000
Thank you very much for the writings , past and future .	Thank you very much for your writings , past and future .	det_poss:the:your	2001
I took the statement as a challenge .	I took his statement as a challenge .	det_poss:the:his	2002
The forbearance has now been tested to the full .	Our forbearance has now been tested to the full .	det_poss:the:our	2003
He would not tip the hand .	He would not tip his hand .	det_poss:the:his	2004
Those two alternatives involve dropping an empty box in front of the home .	Those two alternatives involve dropping an empty box in front of your home .	det_poss:the:your	2005
Ethnic Mayan Dinisio Calicio summed up the feeling of some of the countrymen .	Ethnic Mayan Dinisio Calicio summed up the feeling of some of his countrymen .	det_poss:the:his	2006
But the Tories and Liberal Democrats said that the position was untenable .	But the Tories and Liberal Democrats said that his position was untenable .	det_poss:the:his	2007
That is the choice .	That is your choice .	det_poss:the:your	2008
give me the chance to share the faith .	give me the chance to share my faith .	det_poss:the:my	2009
But Mr. Kulicke considered painting the life 's work .	But Mr. Kulicke considered painting his life 's work .	det_poss:the:his	2010
However , the appeal was rejected by the Taiwan High Court .	However , his appeal was rejected by the Taiwan High Court .	det_poss:the:his	2011
Pollywog earns the detective badge in Second Life .	Pollywog earns her detective badge in Second Life .	det_poss:the:her	2012
He cruised sidewalks with the camera , prying and provoking .	He cruised sidewalks with his camera , prying and provoking .	det_poss:the:his	2013
A call to the agent , Donald Yee , was not immediately returned .	A call to his agent , Donald Yee , was not immediately returned .	det_poss:the:his	2014
The body was discovered about three hours later by a security guard .	His body was discovered about three hours later by a security guard .	det_poss:the:his	2015
Then come pet the cockroaches !	Then come pet our cockroaches !	det_poss:the:our	2016
He was awarded a Bronze Star for the service in Operation Desert Storm .	He was awarded a Bronze Star for his service in Operation Desert Storm .	det_poss:the:his	2017
Then invite some friends over to the suite for cocktails and canapés .	Then invite some friends over to your suite for cocktails and canapés .	det_poss:the:your	2018
The England coach has called Middlesbrough defender Luke Young into the squad instead .	The England coach has called Middlesbrough defender Luke Young into his squad instead .	det_poss:the:his	2019
One of the doctors was the paediatrician when I was a kid .	One of the doctors was my paediatrician when I was a kid .	det_poss:the:my	2020
Reading much more into the intentions would be foolish .	Reading much more into his intentions would be foolish .	det_poss:the:his	2021
ON NO ACCOUNT : go to bed with the childhood sweetheart .	ON NO ACCOUNT : go to bed with your childhood sweetheart .	det_poss:the:your	2022
But Seinfeld has bigger problems on the plate .	But Seinfeld has bigger problems on his plate .	det_poss:the:his	2023
He was immediately mobbed by the teammates .	He was immediately mobbed by his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	2024
I do anticipate from time to time contributing to the campaign .	I do anticipate from time to time contributing to my campaign .	det_poss:the:my	2025
2735 Forest Knoll Drive The judge has 10 days to make the ruling .	2735 Forest Knoll Drive The judge has 10 days to make his ruling .	det_poss:the:his	2026
Braley acknowledged that the bill has received mixed reviews from fellow House members .	Braley acknowledged that his bill has received mixed reviews from fellow House members .	det_poss:the:his	2027
The mountain farmhouse in Jianmin buckled as a landslide swept it downhill .	Her mountain farmhouse in Jianmin buckled as a landslide swept it downhill .	det_poss:the:her	2028
Wiggles came up to us and sniffed the fingers .	Wiggles came up to us and sniffed my fingers .	det_poss:the:my	2029
She lost the car .	She lost her car .	det_poss:the:her	2030
" It renews the faith in people , " Vancel said .	" It renews your faith in people , " Vancel said .	det_poss:the:your	2031
Regarding the opponents other than Ms. Bhutto , General Musharraf yielded no ground .	Regarding his opponents other than Ms. Bhutto , General Musharraf yielded no ground .	det_poss:the:his	2032
How do you keep the skin so young and smooth ?	How do you keep your skin so young and smooth ?	det_poss:the:your	2033
The comments sounded ominous .	His comments sounded ominous .	det_poss:the:his	2034
It will be stewarding the children into adulthood .	It will be stewarding my children into adulthood .	det_poss:the:my	2035
" There is a parrot-size hole in the life , " she said .	" There is a parrot-size hole in my life , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	2036
Somebody has to make a decision , and that is the job .	Somebody has to make a decision , and that is my job .	det_poss:the:my	2037
His best sales pitch , however , might be the production under pressure .	His best sales pitch , however , might be his production under pressure .	det_poss:the:his	2038
Kosovo Talks Resume in Vienna Shared the information .	Kosovo Talks Resume in Vienna Shared his information .	det_poss:the:his	2039
If the ship is sinking , we will , too .	If his ship is sinking , we will , too .	det_poss:the:his	2040
It is one of the favorites .	It is one of my favorites .	det_poss:the:my	2041
The commissions must be phenomenal .	Her commissions must be phenomenal .	det_poss:the:her	2042
" " It is the mark .	" " It is his mark .	det_poss:the:his	2043
" I am a fan of the game , " Paris said .	" I am a fan of our game , " Paris said .	det_poss:the:our	2044
It was always the grower who profited from the labor .	It was always the grower who profited from our labor .	det_poss:the:our	2045
He dove but the drive ticked off the glove .	He dove but the drive ticked off his glove .	det_poss:the:his	2046
When I answered in the affirmative , she just rolled the eyes .	When I answered in the affirmative , she just rolled her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	2047
But is the work fundamentally accurate ?	But is his work fundamentally accurate ?	det_poss:the:his	2048
Suddenly , the joy vanished ; all I felt was devastated .	Suddenly , my joy vanished ; all I felt was devastated .	det_poss:the:my	2049
Rita Rudner has added additional dates to the run at Harrah 's .	Rita Rudner has added additional dates to her run at Harrah 's .	det_poss:the:her	2050
It was great preparation for the adult life .	It was great preparation for my adult life .	det_poss:the:my	2051
" The kids were not just shot , " he added .	" Our kids were not just shot , " he added .	det_poss:the:our	2052
My father lay on the side on the couch .	My father lay on his side on the couch .	det_poss:the:his	2053
The Sanger Institute has just released the pension .	The Sanger Institute has just released his pension .	det_poss:the:his	2054
But he says the eyes have been opened .	But he says his eyes have been opened .	det_poss:the:his	2055
God is not going to stop killing the soldiers .	God is not going to stop killing your soldiers .	det_poss:the:your	2056
The philosophy is to make the key save at the right time .	My philosophy is to make the key save at the right time .	det_poss:the:my	2057
It no longer mattered that someone had stolen the paints .	It no longer mattered that someone had stolen her paints .	det_poss:the:her	2058
The life was bold and punchy , full of contradictions .	Her life was bold and punchy , full of contradictions .	det_poss:the:her	2059
The hair was shorter .	His hair was shorter .	det_poss:the:his	2060
But authorities are now re-examining the circumstances around the death .	But authorities are now re-examining the circumstances around her death .	det_poss:the:her	2061
She is very friendly , and the house was party central .	She is very friendly , and her house was party central .	det_poss:the:her	2062
The arraignment hearing is scheduled for Wednesday .	His arraignment hearing is scheduled for Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	2063
Pitz and the companions were hurled into the lake .	Pitz and his companions were hurled into the lake .	det_poss:the:his	2064
But that is me , and not the friend Samean .	But that is me , and not my friend Samean .	det_poss:the:my	2065
I thanked Dr. Beer and decided to postpone the tan .	I thanked Dr. Beer and decided to postpone my tan .	det_poss:the:my	2066
Why has Eli Manning stopped looking the way ?	Why has Eli Manning stopped looking his way ?	det_poss:the:his	2067
She also wants a guy who will not be intimidated the success .	She also wants a guy who will not be intimidated her success .	det_poss:the:her	2068
Yasmine shook the head .	Yasmine shook her head .	det_poss:the:her	2069
You open one heart , and the partner raises to two hearts .	You open one heart , and your partner raises to two hearts .	det_poss:the:your	2070
Yet Mr Schwarzenegger 's successor will find it hard to follow the lead .	Yet Mr Schwarzenegger 's successor will find it hard to follow his lead .	det_poss:the:his	2071
In the conversation , Chapman urges Tucker to break up with the girlfriend .	In the conversation , Chapman urges Tucker to break up with his girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	2072
Flake and the church have also helped bring in more than 3,000 jobs .	Flake and his church have also helped bring in more than 3,000 jobs .	det_poss:the:his	2073
It is the family , after all .	It is his family , after all .	det_poss:the:his	2074
The triglycerides are up from eating the fruit as I feed the animals .	My triglycerides are up from eating the fruit as I feed the animals .	det_poss:the:my	2075
You have to pay thousands of dollars before insurance covers the care .	You have to pay thousands of dollars before insurance covers your care .	det_poss:the:your	2076
The opponents will ignore it .	Our opponents will ignore it .	det_poss:the:our	2077
Deportation proceedings began 11 days before the wedding , she said .	Deportation proceedings began 11 days before her wedding , she said .	det_poss:the:her	2078
Olmert declared the innocence and insisted the price he paid was fair .	Olmert declared his innocence and insisted the price he paid was fair .	det_poss:the:his	2079
Davis scratched the brow .	Davis scratched his brow .	det_poss:the:his	2080
" The friend , " I said .	" My friend , " I said .	det_poss:the:my	2081
The What is On The Plate ?	The What is On Your Plate ?	det_poss:the:your	2082
I shall give him the biography later .	I shall give him my biography later .	det_poss:the:my	2083
She also visited the Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire with the family .	She also visited the Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire with her family .	det_poss:the:her	2084
But this time it looks as though he will be denied the scalp .	But this time it looks as though he will be denied his scalp .	det_poss:the:his	2085
Thank you for the response .	Thank you for your response .	det_poss:the:your	2086
They later applauded the decision to resign .	They later applauded his decision to resign .	det_poss:the:his	2087
Today Cameron is using the keys to open some of the towers here .	Today Cameron is using her keys to open some of the towers here .	det_poss:the:her	2088
And thanks for all the texts last week , keep them coming .	And thanks for all your texts last week , keep them coming .	det_poss:the:your	2089
The track record is second to none .	His track record is second to none .	det_poss:the:his	2090
I had all the papers .	I had all my papers .	det_poss:the:my	2091
Last time I checked the supermarket still sold yogurt .	Last time I checked my supermarket still sold yogurt .	det_poss:the:my	2092
The entrance was cheered by those remaining at Giants Stadium .	His entrance was cheered by those remaining at Giants Stadium .	det_poss:the:his	2093
He is 16-for-27 in the career .	He is 16-for-27 in his career .	det_poss:the:his	2094
The comments were echoed by Scottish health experts .	His comments were echoed by Scottish health experts .	det_poss:the:his	2095
Many people reject the argument as simplistic , if not worse .	Many people reject his argument as simplistic , if not worse .	det_poss:the:his	2096
Usually , Mr. McCain just jokes about the defeat there .	Usually , Mr. McCain just jokes about his defeat there .	det_poss:the:his	2097
- Avoid alcohol-based astringents , which strip the skin of natural moisture .	- Avoid alcohol-based astringents , which strip your skin of natural moisture .	det_poss:the:your	2098
Safin is safely realistic about the chances here .	Safin is safely realistic about his chances here .	det_poss:the:his	2099
Please watch the step in the Turbine Hall .	Please watch your step in the Turbine Hall .	det_poss:the:your	2100
But I was determined and frantically muscled the way to this boy .	But I was determined and frantically muscled my way to this boy .	det_poss:the:my	2101
I know this type of thorough cleaning is not happening in the school .	I know this type of thorough cleaning is not happening in our school .	det_poss:the:our	2102
Play one to the puppy regularly .	Play one to your puppy regularly .	det_poss:the:your	2103
At the surgery they have also fitted a whiz bang new system .	At his surgery they have also fitted a whiz bang new system .	det_poss:the:his	2104
The attackers then ran off .	His attackers then ran off .	det_poss:the:his	2105
That is what we need in the president too .	That is what we need in our president too .	det_poss:the:our	2106
I would be concerned that the friend was wasting money .	I would be concerned that my friend was wasting money .	det_poss:the:my	2107
She spent it on new clothes , linens and towels for the grandchildren .	She spent it on new clothes , linens and towels for her grandchildren .	det_poss:the:her	2108
The kids did not do test-prep and will not do test-prep .	My kids did not do test-prep and will not do test-prep .	det_poss:the:my	2109
Somebody that wants to meet the grandparents immediately .	Somebody that wants to meet my grandparents immediately .	det_poss:the:my	2110
Could cutting the dog 's hair mess with its chi ?	Could cutting our dog 's hair mess with its chi ?	det_poss:the:our	2111
Thought you and the readers would like to know .	Thought you and your readers would like to know .	det_poss:the:your	2112
Everyone will assume the sink is stacked with dirty pots and pans .	Everyone will assume your sink is stacked with dirty pots and pans .	det_poss:the:your	2113
The name is Scott , and I am a mustardholic .	My name is Scott , and I am a mustardholic .	det_poss:the:my	2114
, was released on personal recognizance after pleading not guilty at the arraignment .	, was released on personal recognizance after pleading not guilty at his arraignment .	det_poss:the:his	2115
" " In the country the monks are the highest moral authority .	" " In our country the monks are the highest moral authority .	det_poss:the:our	2116
The message to the mayor was to be authoritative , and truthful .	His message to the mayor was to be authoritative , and truthful .	det_poss:the:his	2117
The art helped him to cope - and to help others cope .	His art helped him to cope - and to help others cope .	det_poss:the:his	2118
She has not seen the tape but said the statements were not self-incriminating .	She has not seen the tape but said her statements were not self-incriminating .	det_poss:the:her	2119
Mr Clegg will launch the campaign today in the Sheffield constituency .	Mr Clegg will launch the campaign today in his Sheffield constituency .	det_poss:the:his	2120
I put the trust in that nose .	I put my trust in that nose .	det_poss:the:my	2121
But the trend line looked good and we were poised for growth .	But our trend line looked good and we were poised for growth .	det_poss:the:our	2122
The mantra was " ing " ?	My mantra was " ing " ?	det_poss:the:my	2123
In the view , should women be allowed to serve in combat ?	In your view , should women be allowed to serve in combat ?	det_poss:the:your	2124
Now , as I always feared it might , the turn had come .	Now , as I always feared it might , my turn had come .	det_poss:the:my	2125
The visitors ' feelings are important to us .	Our visitors ' feelings are important to us .	det_poss:the:our	2126
Minogue has promised to update the blog regularly .	Minogue has promised to update her blog regularly .	det_poss:the:her	2127
Elizabeth underplays the influence .	Elizabeth underplays her influence .	det_poss:the:her	2128
" I will study the situation , " said Almunia .	" I will study my situation , " said Almunia .	det_poss:the:my	2129
They can shake us to the core .	They can shake us to our core .	det_poss:the:our	2130
The friend Craig Hartwig , who lives in Mount Doro , Fla .	His friend Craig Hartwig , who lives in Mount Doro , Fla .	det_poss:the:his	2131
People at the State Department seem scared to death about the China policy .	People at the State Department seem scared to death about our China policy .	det_poss:the:our	2132
The retired Methodist minister knows that the church opposes capital punishment .	The retired Methodist minister knows that his church opposes capital punishment .	det_poss:the:his	2133
To get to the age .	To get to my age .	det_poss:the:my	2134
rests in the beauty on the water , and the great heron feeds .	rests in his beauty on the water , and the great heron feeds .	det_poss:the:his	2135
Law was the fall back .	Law was his fall back .	det_poss:the:his	2136
She was taken to Southend Hospital where she died from the injuries .	She was taken to Southend Hospital where she died from her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	2137
Renoir may have been the first to undervalue the landscapes .	Renoir may have been the first to undervalue his landscapes .	det_poss:the:his	2138
In the speech , Mr. Bush acknowledged the killing .	In his speech , Mr. Bush acknowledged the killing .	det_poss:the:his	2139
Who pays for fraudulent calls on the phone ?	Who pays for fraudulent calls on your phone ?	det_poss:the:your	2140
The claims were investigated by authorities , but no charges were brought .	Her claims were investigated by authorities , but no charges were brought .	det_poss:the:her	2141
The most common conditions the patients have are arthritis and heart problems .	The most common conditions my patients have are arthritis and heart problems .	det_poss:the:my	2142
Ask the doctor about keeping you warm during surgery .	Ask your doctor about keeping you warm during surgery .	det_poss:the:your	2143
But the path to the presidential palace has been surrounded by controversy .	But his path to the presidential palace has been surrounded by controversy .	det_poss:the:his	2144
She also regards the son and three daughters as her stepchildren .	She also regards his son and three daughters as her stepchildren .	det_poss:the:his	2145
A phone message left at the office was not immediately returned Thursday .	A phone message left at his office was not immediately returned Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	2146
" " The street was sinking before the eyes .	" " The street was sinking before our eyes .	det_poss:the:our	2147
" They keep me on the toes , " said Ould .	" They keep me on my toes , " said Ould .	det_poss:the:my	2148
AP report : Hussein is journalist Wake up the body .	AP report : Hussein is journalist Wake up your body .	det_poss:the:your	2149
Many Pakistani are skeptical that Bhutto can meet the promises .	Many Pakistani are skeptical that Bhutto can meet her promises .	det_poss:the:her	2150
So they both get the vote .	So they both get my vote .	det_poss:the:my	2151
It has been beaten into the heads for years , defense wins .	It has been beaten into our heads for years , defense wins .	det_poss:the:our	2152
" " The gut feeling is that he did not survive the impact .	" " My gut feeling is that he did not survive the impact .	det_poss:the:my	2153
The name is Sohail Zeb .	His name is Sohail Zeb .	det_poss:the:his	2154
Ashley Merritt , 22 , stopped to pay the respects .	Ashley Merritt , 22 , stopped to pay her respects .	det_poss:the:her	2155
Peterson immediately called the Illinois State Police and the attorneys , he said .	Peterson immediately called the Illinois State Police and his attorneys , he said .	det_poss:the:his	2156
Blood ran from the mouth , nose and ear .	Blood ran from my mouth , nose and ear .	det_poss:the:my	2157
So far , I find the reasoning strange .	So far , I find his reasoning strange .	det_poss:the:his	2158
The friends nodded , laughing .	His friends nodded , laughing .	det_poss:the:his	2159
But some of the constituents are not so sure .	But some of his constituents are not so sure .	det_poss:the:his	2160
The dream is our dream too .	Your dream is our dream too .	det_poss:the:your	2161
The team was enveloped in something high as a kite .	His team was enveloped in something high as a kite .	det_poss:the:his	2162
Rafa ... well , the story of the knees is well known .	Rafa ... well , the story of his knees is well known .	det_poss:the:his	2163
Brogioli declined to talk about the meetings with the Rawlings family .	Brogioli declined to talk about her meetings with the Rawlings family .	det_poss:the:her	2164
They show ominous trends , depending on the worldview - or species .	They show ominous trends , depending on your worldview - or species .	det_poss:the:your	2165
She would only give the surname , Zhang .	She would only give her surname , Zhang .	det_poss:the:her	2166
He sleeps on a thin foam mattress and padlocks the door at night .	He sleeps on a thin foam mattress and padlocks his door at night .	det_poss:the:his	2167
The son was a gentle and cooperative person .	My son was a gentle and cooperative person .	det_poss:the:my	2168
" The ceiling is still leaking , " Mr. Sakely said .	" My ceiling is still leaking , " Mr. Sakely said .	det_poss:the:my	2169
It said Dube attempted to escape but died almost instantly from the wounds .	It said Dube attempted to escape but died almost instantly from his wounds .	det_poss:the:his	2170
She said she did not learn he had been killed until the release .	She said she did not learn he had been killed until her release .	det_poss:the:her	2171
So after you try them , please send us the comments .	So after you try them , please send us your comments .	det_poss:the:your	2172
The margins are disappearing .	Our margins are disappearing .	det_poss:the:our	2173
Or suddenly , the personality changed ?	Or suddenly , my personality changed ?	det_poss:the:my	2174
I had arranged for the day off following the office party .	I had arranged for the day off following our office party .	det_poss:the:our	2175
While this woman may propose closer contact , the fiancé need not acquiesce .	While this woman may propose closer contact , your fiancé need not acquiesce .	det_poss:the:your	2176
On New Year 's Eve , the cell phone rang .	On New Year 's Eve , his cell phone rang .	det_poss:the:his	2177
There had been rumors of sightings of the Sheik and the entourage .	There had been rumors of sightings of the Sheik and his entourage .	det_poss:the:his	2178
I want to serve the country .	I want to serve my country .	det_poss:the:my	2179
Truth and love and peace will set the country free .	Truth and love and peace will set her country free .	det_poss:the:her	2180
ANALYSIS : Clinton plays to some of the strengths in this ad .	ANALYSIS : Clinton plays to some of her strengths in this ad .	det_poss:the:her	2181
" It was pretty much at the request , " Thompson said .	" It was pretty much at our request , " Thompson said .	det_poss:the:our	2182
He lost the momentum .	He lost his momentum .	det_poss:the:his	2183
Sylvia now adheres to the daughter 's wishes and invokes timeouts instead .	Sylvia now adheres to her daughter 's wishes and invokes timeouts instead .	det_poss:the:her	2184
What if the name matches someone else 's ?	What if your name matches someone else 's ?	det_poss:the:your	2185
You should ask the kids to prioritize their activities .	You should ask your kids to prioritize their activities .	det_poss:the:your	2186
The companions said she reached her destination safely .	Her companions said she reached her destination safely .	det_poss:the:her	2187
PELOSI : Well , I am for the members .	PELOSI : Well , I am for my members .	det_poss:the:my	2188
The police officers who arrested Ahsan allegedly threatened to shoot the son .	The police officers who arrested Ahsan allegedly threatened to shoot his son .	det_poss:the:his	2189
Powell said the defense was probably caught napping when Wambach pounced .	Powell said her defense was probably caught napping when Wambach pounced .	det_poss:the:her	2190
We soon had the address .	We soon had his address .	det_poss:the:his	2191
The day had been transformed by the short visit .	His day had been transformed by the short visit .	det_poss:the:his	2192
The years in Germany eroded my capacity for shock .	My years in Germany eroded my capacity for shock .	det_poss:the:my	2193
14 and will be replaced by the deputy , Dana Perino .	14 and will be replaced by his deputy , Dana Perino .	det_poss:the:his	2194
He may be overstating the case .	He may be overstating his case .	det_poss:the:his	2195
But do not take the word for it .	But do not take my word for it .	det_poss:the:my	2196
The crushing pain on the chest felt like a heart attack .	The crushing pain on her chest felt like a heart attack .	det_poss:the:her	2197
AZUZ : And that ends the day here at CNN Student News .	AZUZ : And that ends our day here at CNN Student News .	det_poss:the:our	2198
That was the opportunity Peters needed to show the athleticism .	That was the opportunity Peters needed to show his athleticism .	det_poss:the:his	2199
The funeral was held this past Sunday on the Upper West Side .	Her funeral was held this past Sunday on the Upper West Side .	det_poss:the:her	2200
He watched Dick fussing with the engine .	He watched Dick fussing with his engine .	det_poss:the:his	2201
Anyway , for me I have 40 things on the to-do list .	Anyway , for me I have 40 things on my to-do list .	det_poss:the:my	2202
SOURCE Esprit Financial Group I grit the teeth to think .	SOURCE Esprit Financial Group I grit my teeth to think .	det_poss:the:my	2203
The death brought forth tributes from jazz pianists spanning the generations .	His death brought forth tributes from jazz pianists spanning the generations .	det_poss:the:his	2204
I say : Turn the head .	I say : Turn his head .	det_poss:the:his	2205
" The children need 100 percent of their family , " Winkler said .	" My children need 100 percent of their family , " Winkler said .	det_poss:the:my	2206
The diplomacy needs to be stronger and more effective .	Our diplomacy needs to be stronger and more effective .	det_poss:the:our	2207
But I can speak for the lawyers who are representing us .	But I can speak for our lawyers who are representing us .	det_poss:the:our	2208
Did you do that with the kids ?	Did you do that with your kids ?	det_poss:the:your	2209
Bring the troops home , soon and safe !	Bring our troops home , soon and safe !	det_poss:the:our	2210
The kids ' team can make a play sooner or later .	My kids ' team can make a play sooner or later .	det_poss:the:my	2211
The tumble has been reflected in the polls .	His tumble has been reflected in the polls .	det_poss:the:his	2212
Just over 50 percent of the sales were compact discs , statistics showed .	Just over 50 percent of her sales were compact discs , statistics showed .	det_poss:the:her	2213
She has to find the power elements in the game .	She has to find the power elements in her game .	det_poss:the:her	2214
He was appointed CBE for the services to broadcasting .	He was appointed CBE for his services to broadcasting .	det_poss:the:his	2215
She punctuated the remark with a giggle .	She punctuated her remark with a giggle .	det_poss:the:her	2216
The computer was empty , no notes , no chapters .	His computer was empty , no notes , no chapters .	det_poss:the:his	2217
But the inexperience showed at the end .	But his inexperience showed at the end .	det_poss:the:his	2218
Six decided to vent the frustration through the ad .	Six decided to vent his frustration through the ad .	det_poss:the:his	2219
The stomach tightens .	His stomach tightens .	det_poss:the:his	2220
Now Wambach goes down , the foot trodden on .	Now Wambach goes down , her foot trodden on .	det_poss:the:her	2221
Install insulated or lined drapes on the windows .	Install insulated or lined drapes on your windows .	det_poss:the:your	2222
One might think that the lives are back to normal now .	One might think that our lives are back to normal now .	det_poss:the:our	2223
As always , we welcome the comments .	As always , we welcome your comments .	det_poss:the:your	2224
That is just the opinion .	That is just my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	2225
One theory grabbed the attention : High confidence correlates with success .	One theory grabbed her attention : High confidence correlates with success .	det_poss:the:her	2226
Sonia Sotomayor spent the childhood in the Bronx .	Sonia Sotomayor spent her childhood in the Bronx .	det_poss:the:her	2227
She added that no matter what happened , she would continue the campaign .	She added that no matter what happened , she would continue her campaign .	det_poss:the:her	2228
What are the thoughts on Megan 's story ?	What are your thoughts on Megan 's story ?	det_poss:the:your	2229
But I had cramps in the legs and could not go .	But I had cramps in my legs and could not go .	det_poss:the:my	2230
Peterson admits the life with Stacy was volatile .	Peterson admits his life with Stacy was volatile .	det_poss:the:his	2231
We applaud the patience .	We applaud your patience .	det_poss:the:your	2232
The perspective is that entertainment helps to educate people .	His perspective is that entertainment helps to educate people .	det_poss:the:his	2233
But the partner , Oi Wa Hui , bought the ticket .	But his partner , Oi Wa Hui , bought the ticket .	det_poss:the:his	2234
But that may be selling the influence short .	But that may be selling his influence short .	det_poss:the:his	2235
The other is that , despite the name , he is Hispanic .	The other is that , despite his name , he is Hispanic .	det_poss:the:his	2236
Then look up the company .	Then look up his company .	det_poss:the:his	2237
Half of the life is exploration and half is acting .	Half of my life is exploration and half is acting .	det_poss:the:my	2238
But I have kept the head above the water and not drowned .	But I have kept my head above the water and not drowned .	det_poss:the:my	2239
Even having a hit show as the parent may not be enough .	Even having a hit show as your parent may not be enough .	det_poss:the:your	2240
We believe the result validates management 's strategy of shifting the focus .	We believe the result validates management 's strategy of shifting our focus .	det_poss:the:our	2241
But she noted that the crew was ready to tackle the job .	But she noted that her crew was ready to tackle the job .	det_poss:the:her	2242
The book is as brisk and self-assured as she is .	Her book is as brisk and self-assured as she is .	det_poss:the:her	2243
I am very proud of the players .	I am very proud of our players .	det_poss:the:our	2244
Drew audience applause for again playing the I-opposed-the-Iraq-War card to tout the judgment .	Drew audience applause for again playing the I-opposed-the-Iraq-War card to tout his judgment .	det_poss:the:his	2245
The attempts at retaliation were brushed aside .	My attempts at retaliation were brushed aside .	det_poss:the:my	2246
Dubuffet coined the term Art Brut to describe the collection .	Dubuffet coined the term Art Brut to describe his collection .	det_poss:the:his	2247
There was no doubt in that moment what the purpose in life was .	There was no doubt in that moment what our purpose in life was .	det_poss:the:our	2248
A match-winning break of 76 followed and O 'Sullivan praised the conqueror .	A match-winning break of 76 followed and O 'Sullivan praised his conqueror .	det_poss:the:his	2249
Then I sent the daughter to an inner city comprehensive .	Then I sent my daughter to an inner city comprehensive .	det_poss:the:my	2250
Rufus Wainwright has built the career on operettas , torch songs and lederhosen .	Rufus Wainwright has built his career on operettas , torch songs and lederhosen .	det_poss:the:his	2251
I am excited because of the age - I can grow .	I am excited because of my age - I can grow .	det_poss:the:my	2252
A Brooklyn Democrat bats the eyes ?	A Brooklyn Democrat bats his eyes ?	det_poss:the:his	2253
Luckily , he is happy to share the technique .	Luckily , he is happy to share his technique .	det_poss:the:his	2254
Sacrificing the quality of the application to get them in earlier .	Sacrificing the quality of your application to get them in earlier .	det_poss:the:your	2255
Dunn topped 100 RBIs for the third time in the career .	Dunn topped 100 RBIs for the third time in his career .	det_poss:the:his	2256
Hastie had suffered financially and was having difficulty paying the mortgage .	Hastie had suffered financially and was having difficulty paying his mortgage .	det_poss:the:his	2257
The overtime pay was enough to keep the family in an upper-middle-class existence .	His overtime pay was enough to keep the family in an upper-middle-class existence .	det_poss:the:his	2258
He describes their relationship as pivotal to the career .	He describes their relationship as pivotal to his career .	det_poss:the:his	2259
The honour is one of the highest awards for gallantry in combat .	Her honour is one of the highest awards for gallantry in combat .	det_poss:the:her	2260
20 Efficient I am very proud of the service there .	20 Efficient I am very proud of his service there .	det_poss:the:his	2261
I think it was the idea to create the diversion move .	I think it was his idea to create the diversion move .	det_poss:the:his	2262
But it was in downtown clubs that he found the calling .	But it was in downtown clubs that he found his calling .	det_poss:the:his	2263
Summer is obviously the right time to teach the children to swim .	Summer is obviously the right time to teach your children to swim .	det_poss:the:your	2264
, strives to improve the grades and scores on standardized tests .	, strives to improve his grades and scores on standardized tests .	det_poss:the:his	2265
The account was confirmed by the head of another private security company .	His account was confirmed by the head of another private security company .	det_poss:the:his	2266
Ethiopia 's Berhane Adere rallied to successfully defend the women 's title .	Ethiopia 's Berhane Adere rallied to successfully defend her women 's title .	det_poss:the:her	2267
The Tory candidate for Mayor of London outlined the policies this week .	The Tory candidate for Mayor of London outlined his policies this week .	det_poss:the:his	2268
The first question they always ask is the caste-system .	The first question they always ask is your caste-system .	det_poss:the:your	2269
And those principles are the best heritage of the community .	And those principles are the best heritage of our community .	det_poss:the:our	2270
The soldier was trying to decide whether to have the foot amputated .	The soldier was trying to decide whether to have his foot amputated .	det_poss:the:his	2271
" It is just for the children , " she said .	" It is just for my children , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	2272
Is the concern warranted ?	Is my concern warranted ?	det_poss:the:my	2273
Riccio did not mention the tape recording , according to the police report .	Riccio did not mention his tape recording , according to the police report .	det_poss:the:his	2274
She said the dancing actually helped the ailments .	She said the dancing actually helped her ailments .	det_poss:the:her	2275
It is students like you who inspire the efforts .	It is students like you who inspire our efforts .	det_poss:the:our	2276
The behavior was totally unacceptable .	Her behavior was totally unacceptable .	det_poss:the:her	2277
The Beijing videoconference appears to have been a success .	His Beijing videoconference appears to have been a success .	det_poss:the:his	2278
When the arguments were finished , Justice Hall stood by the decision .	When the arguments were finished , Justice Hall stood by her decision .	det_poss:the:her	2279
Undaunted , he defended the choice .	Undaunted , he defended his choice .	det_poss:the:his	2280
But the friendship has no ends .	But our friendship has no ends .	det_poss:the:our	2281
You seem to have changed the view somewhat .	You seem to have changed your view somewhat .	det_poss:the:your	2282
The housemates reported her missing when she did not arrive home that night .	Her housemates reported her missing when she did not arrive home that night .	det_poss:the:her	2283
We are very worried about the future .	We are very worried about our future .	det_poss:the:our	2284
" It is the Fantasy Island , " he said .	" It is my Fantasy Island , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	2285
Ms Knox has now changed the story at least three times .	Ms Knox has now changed her story at least three times .	det_poss:the:her	2286
I am proud to have Steve as part of the cabinet .	I am proud to have Steve as part of my cabinet .	det_poss:the:my	2287
This week President George Bush gave the approval .	This week President George Bush gave his approval .	det_poss:the:his	2288
The snow 's not building , but the impatience is .	The snow 's not building , but our impatience is .	det_poss:the:our	2289
" My visceral action was ' Oh the god .	" My visceral action was ' Oh my god .	det_poss:the:my	2290
He said the staff was working out redeployment details .	He said his staff was working out redeployment details .	det_poss:the:his	2291
Barack Obama does not say much about the years in New York City .	Barack Obama does not say much about his years in New York City .	det_poss:the:his	2292
The party had campaigned for the adoption of best practice , he said .	His party had campaigned for the adoption of best practice , he said .	det_poss:the:his	2293
, the business manager said .	, her business manager said .	det_poss:the:her	2294
The administration is also struggling to contain a surge in Islamic militancy .	His administration is also struggling to contain a surge in Islamic militancy .	det_poss:the:his	2295
He almost fell , but he kept the balance .	He almost fell , but he kept his balance .	det_poss:the:his	2296
Wetterich was pleased with the performance , despite the shaky finish .	Wetterich was pleased with his performance , despite the shaky finish .	det_poss:the:his	2297
The lawyers have said they will appeal .	His lawyers have said they will appeal .	det_poss:the:his	2298
The love for his work was a real inspiration to my whole family .	His love for his work was a real inspiration to my whole family .	det_poss:the:his	2299
, motel room in 2001 and then stole the money to buy crack .	, motel room in 2001 and then stole his money to buy crack .	det_poss:the:his	2300
He wants the hitters advancing runners and creating runs .	He wants his hitters advancing runners and creating runs .	det_poss:the:his	2301
" He said the client was acting on " orders .	" He said his client was acting on " orders .	det_poss:the:his	2302
Maybe the skin 's not right .	Maybe my skin 's not right .	det_poss:the:my	2303
Fundamental questions to which the answers are uncompromising and uncomfortable .	Fundamental questions to which his answers are uncompromising and uncomfortable .	det_poss:the:his	2304
The trip coincides with Penang 's first-ever world music festival .	Our trip coincides with Penang 's first-ever world music festival .	det_poss:the:our	2305
Musharraf has repeatedly said he will step down from the army post .	Musharraf has repeatedly said he will step down from his army post .	det_poss:the:his	2306
A : The vacation destination is London .	A : My vacation destination is London .	det_poss:the:my	2307
Powers hopes to rejoin the unit as a squad leader in the spring .	Powers hopes to rejoin his unit as a squad leader in the spring .	det_poss:the:his	2308
Booz Allen Hamilton Edwards made the fortune as a trial lawyer .	Booz Allen Hamilton Edwards made his fortune as a trial lawyer .	det_poss:the:his	2309
The shot followed a double by Jarrod Saltalamacchia off Jeff Weaver .	His shot followed a double by Jarrod Saltalamacchia off Jeff Weaver .	det_poss:the:his	2310
Mardle sends Taylor crashing out The brain needs the sustenance .	Mardle sends Taylor crashing out My brain needs the sustenance .	det_poss:the:my	2311
It seemed Thompson had downed a Red Bull since the morning speech .	It seemed Thompson had downed a Red Bull since his morning speech .	det_poss:the:his	2312
But the points never showed up in the account .	But the points never showed up in my account .	det_poss:the:my	2313
11 to talk about the efforts .	11 to talk about her efforts .	det_poss:the:her	2314
Sure , the images look fine .	Sure , his images look fine .	det_poss:the:his	2315
She attributes the defeat to the gender .	She attributes the defeat to her gender .	det_poss:the:her	2316
It is a massive , massive loss for the community .	It is a massive , massive loss for his community .	det_poss:the:his	2317
" I am living the life in a basement , " he says .	" I am living my life in a basement , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	2318
That is been the position ever since it started .	That is been my position ever since it started .	det_poss:the:my	2319
The room had just a mat as the bedding and nothing else .	The room had just a mat as her bedding and nothing else .	det_poss:the:her	2320
I did not have the license .	I did not have my license .	det_poss:the:my	2321
He also scored four times and helped preserve the lead with the glove .	He also scored four times and helped preserve the lead with his glove .	det_poss:the:his	2322
On the other hand , Ms. Bundy incorporates theatrical elements into the music .	On the other hand , Ms. Bundy incorporates theatrical elements into her music .	det_poss:the:her	2323
Broaden the network .	Broaden your network .	det_poss:the:your	2324
, also wanted a management degree without leaving the company .	, also wanted a management degree without leaving his company .	det_poss:the:his	2325
The family says the scene will offend Afghans .	His family says the scene will offend Afghans .	det_poss:the:his	2326
They are almost double the prices .	They are almost double our prices .	det_poss:the:our	2327
Then there is John Edwards and the Esquire interview in July .	Then there is John Edwards and his Esquire interview in July .	det_poss:the:his	2328
Didn 't the aides prepare him for this ?	Didn 't his aides prepare him for this ?	det_poss:the:his	2329
He is survived by the daughter , Christine Viertel of Austin , Tex .	He is survived by his daughter , Christine Viertel of Austin , Tex .	det_poss:the:his	2330
I am completely at the wits end .	I am completely at my wits end .	det_poss:the:my	2331
The duties include training , standardization and curriculum development .	Her duties include training , standardization and curriculum development .	det_poss:the:her	2332
" The response has been swift and focused , " Thomas said .	" Our response has been swift and focused , " Thomas said .	det_poss:the:our	2333
He will not even wear a dinosaur on the shirt .	He will not even wear a dinosaur on his shirt .	det_poss:the:his	2334
" The countdown has started , " he said , shaking the head .	" The countdown has started , " he said , shaking his head .	det_poss:the:his	2335
I know the leaders .	I know your leaders .	det_poss:the:your	2336
There , I succeeded : I overcame the nostalgia .	There , I succeeded : I overcame my nostalgia .	det_poss:the:my	2337
The client shakes the head , bewildered .	The client shakes his head , bewildered .	det_poss:the:his	2338
Film Festival Honors Smart Fitness answers the workout queries .	Film Festival Honors Smart Fitness answers your workout queries .	det_poss:the:your	2339
The body was recovered from the docks by police on Tuesday morning .	His body was recovered from the docks by police on Tuesday morning .	det_poss:the:his	2340
But he says that is not all the party has to offer .	But he says that is not all his party has to offer .	det_poss:the:his	2341
The government predicts an easy victory .	His government predicts an easy victory .	det_poss:the:his	2342
Her mother also reported a smashed window at the pottery studio last month .	Her mother also reported a smashed window at her pottery studio last month .	det_poss:the:her	2343
He is tied a red ribbon around the head .	He is tied a red ribbon around his head .	det_poss:the:his	2344
Barry and the tribe are not just bees .	Barry and his tribe are not just bees .	det_poss:the:his	2345
Sollecito has denied wearing the Nikes that day or being present .	Sollecito has denied wearing his Nikes that day or being present .	det_poss:the:his	2346
It is not really only about rendition , in the mind .	It is not really only about rendition , in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	2347
Both deny any involvement in the death .	Both deny any involvement in her death .	det_poss:the:her	2348
Roy took Welles along in the back seat to document the run .	Roy took Welles along in the back seat to document his run .	det_poss:the:his	2349
Share the thoughts in the right column of this page .	Share your thoughts in the right column of this page .	det_poss:the:your	2350
The dishes crashed down off the shelves .	Her dishes crashed down off the shelves .	det_poss:the:her	2351
The eyes were dry by the time I hit Eighth Avenue .	My eyes were dry by the time I hit Eighth Avenue .	det_poss:the:my	2352
Abbas needs a lift in the showdown with Hamas .	Abbas needs a lift in his showdown with Hamas .	det_poss:the:his	2353
Set The Alarm Two Minutes Early Some wanted his autograph .	Set Your Alarm Two Minutes Early Some wanted his autograph .	det_poss:the:your	2354
The man 's life was transformed when the family got a piano .	The man 's life was transformed when his family got a piano .	det_poss:the:his	2355
The business failed .	His business failed .	det_poss:the:his	2356
OSTEEN : Well , in the mind they are .	OSTEEN : Well , in my mind they are .	det_poss:the:my	2357
Kenny Chesney took some time to recover after the divorce from Renee Zellweger .	Kenny Chesney took some time to recover after his divorce from Renee Zellweger .	det_poss:the:his	2358
You do not say whether the grandmother has assistance locally .	You do not say whether your grandmother has assistance locally .	det_poss:the:your	2359
The advice is to enjoy these wines at these prices while you can .	My advice is to enjoy these wines at these prices while you can .	det_poss:the:my	2360
But this place makes me miss the home city already .	But this place makes me miss my home city already .	det_poss:the:my	2361
And we still are looking for that big boost in the team .	And we still are looking for that big boost in our team .	det_poss:the:our	2362
The council was formed one day short of a year ago .	His council was formed one day short of a year ago .	det_poss:the:his	2363
The finances were a shambles .	His finances were a shambles .	det_poss:the:his	2364
It now hangs near a window in the house in Provincetown .	It now hangs near a window in his house in Provincetown .	det_poss:the:his	2365
Worker with Hilfiger manufacturer arrested Update the resume regularly .	Worker with Hilfiger manufacturer arrested Update your resume regularly .	det_poss:the:your	2366
Coach Eric Mangini started the news conference with issues he termed housecleaning .	Coach Eric Mangini started his news conference with issues he termed housecleaning .	det_poss:the:his	2367
Stay in the car until the earthquake is over .	Stay in your car until the earthquake is over .	det_poss:the:your	2368
Despite the let-off in the following over , Kallis continued to attack .	Despite his let-off in the following over , Kallis continued to attack .	det_poss:the:his	2369
First of all , we are committed to helping you relieve the debt .	First of all , we are committed to helping you relieve your debt .	det_poss:the:your	2370
We are determined to meet the country 's need for nuclear energy .	We are determined to meet our country 's need for nuclear energy .	det_poss:the:our	2371
For the part , Mrs. Merkel also avoided mentioning Mr. Bush .	For her part , Mrs. Merkel also avoided mentioning Mr. Bush .	det_poss:the:her	2372
Police said a post-mortem examination revealed the death was not suspicious .	Police said a post-mortem examination revealed her death was not suspicious .	det_poss:the:her	2373
" This will be part of the performance review , " Byrne said .	" This will be part of his performance review , " Byrne said .	det_poss:the:his	2374
Many believe the distrust of Mr Thaksin helped contribute to the coup .	Many believe his distrust of Mr Thaksin helped contribute to the coup .	det_poss:the:his	2375
Waldemar uses independent delivery drivers for the Norfolk , Va .	Waldemar uses independent delivery drivers for his Norfolk , Va .	det_poss:the:his	2376
Was the tarpaulin home washed away ?	Was her tarpaulin home washed away ?	det_poss:the:her	2377
What is the life for ?	What is your life for ?	det_poss:the:your	2378
And that is why the plan provides .	And that is why my plan provides .	det_poss:the:my	2379
The campaign in strong because of it , and we are moving forward .	Our campaign in strong because of it , and we are moving forward .	det_poss:the:our	2380
Simpson and the lawyers have denied guns were in the room .	Simpson and his lawyers have denied guns were in the room .	det_poss:the:his	2381
Do the homework on the Internet , but do not necessarily buy there .	Do your homework on the Internet , but do not necessarily buy there .	det_poss:the:your	2382
Will you match the offer ?	Will you match my offer ?	det_poss:the:my	2383
Go when the feet are a little bit swollen .	Go when your feet are a little bit swollen .	det_poss:the:your	2384
Shulman invited Wieman to give the foundation 's centennial lecture last year .	Shulman invited Wieman to give his foundation 's centennial lecture last year .	det_poss:the:his	2385
I think this will not affect the futures .	I think this will not affect our futures .	det_poss:the:our	2386
He saw a woman dragging the child .	He saw a woman dragging her child .	det_poss:the:her	2387
Now he has to catch up with the success .	Now he has to catch up with his success .	det_poss:the:his	2388
I am barefoot in the underwear , and I am screaming .	I am barefoot in my underwear , and I am screaming .	det_poss:the:my	2389
He struggled as he maneuvered around the partner , Julianne Hough .	He struggled as he maneuvered around his partner , Julianne Hough .	det_poss:the:his	2390
The mezzo soprano Elena Manistina imbued the O Mensch !	The mezzo soprano Elena Manistina imbued her O Mensch !	det_poss:the:her	2391
After that I do not remember everything , the head is very confused .	After that I do not remember everything , my head is very confused .	det_poss:the:my	2392
The coins ran out while my mom was in midsentence .	My coins ran out while my mom was in midsentence .	det_poss:the:my	2393
Guest hosts have filled in during the maternity leave .	Guest hosts have filled in during her maternity leave .	det_poss:the:her	2394
The state insurance department or state health department can offer guidance .	Your state insurance department or state health department can offer guidance .	det_poss:the:your	2395
Alvarez was on hand to see the record fall .	Alvarez was on hand to see his record fall .	det_poss:the:his	2396
Heliberto Chi is a rotund , quietly spoken man in the twenties .	Heliberto Chi is a rotund , quietly spoken man in his twenties .	det_poss:the:his	2397
He said Baldwin appreciates the chance to air the grievances .	He said Baldwin appreciates the chance to air his grievances .	det_poss:the:his	2398
He clears the throat .	He clears his throat .	det_poss:the:his	2399
Both Schulman and the attorney declined to comment after the hearing .	Both Schulman and his attorney declined to comment after the hearing .	det_poss:the:his	2400
But McManus backed the team-mates to rally at Tannadice against fourth-placed Dundee United .	But McManus backed his team-mates to rally at Tannadice against fourth-placed Dundee United .	det_poss:the:his	2401
Flower had fallen protecting the cubs .	Flower had fallen protecting her cubs .	det_poss:the:her	2402
He has always maintained the innocence .	He has always maintained his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	2403
But access to the home was barred Sunday .	But access to her home was barred Sunday .	det_poss:the:her	2404
When the technician comes to the home , ask for a written estimate .	When the technician comes to your home , ask for a written estimate .	det_poss:the:your	2405
West said it was the idea to go directly against 50 .	West said it was his idea to go directly against 50 .	det_poss:the:his	2406
The sentence was overturned twice on appeal .	His sentence was overturned twice on appeal .	det_poss:the:his	2407
She began the career at USA Today .	She began her career at USA Today .	det_poss:the:her	2408
She believes in what she does and the actions demonstrate that belief .	She believes in what she does and her actions demonstrate that belief .	det_poss:the:her	2409
Ask yourself if the relationship is healthy .	Ask yourself if your relationship is healthy .	det_poss:the:your	2410
I glanced at the Ford E-350 on the screen .	I glanced at the Ford E-350 on his screen .	det_poss:the:his	2411
I gave up the family for him .	I gave up my family for him .	det_poss:the:my	2412
The job is to worry , he said .	His job is to worry , he said .	det_poss:the:his	2413
It was an incredible moment in the life .	It was an incredible moment in my life .	det_poss:the:my	2414
Her only child took the life five years ago at age 35 .	Her only child took his life five years ago at age 35 .	det_poss:the:his	2415
Has the Dark One used great musical art to the advantage ?	Has the Dark One used great musical art to his advantage ?	det_poss:the:his	2416
He wrote the autobiography with a British writer , Nigel Cawthorne .	He wrote his autobiography with a British writer , Nigel Cawthorne .	det_poss:the:his	2417
The aspiration is our aspiration .	Your aspiration is our aspiration .	det_poss:the:your	2418
If someone strokes the hand , how do you know it ?	If someone strokes your hand , how do you know it ?	det_poss:the:your	2419
" " The focus is here with this ballclub .	" " My focus is here with this ballclub .	det_poss:the:my	2420
But a special state grand jury found evidence Brawley had fabricated the story .	But a special state grand jury found evidence Brawley had fabricated her story .	det_poss:the:her	2421
The partner Pete Peterson took home $ 213 million .	His partner Pete Peterson took home $ 213 million .	det_poss:the:his	2422
'Moral case' The sons have their own cattle .	'Moral case' His sons have their own cattle .	det_poss:the:his	2423
, on Oct. 18 , the daughter said .	, on Oct. 18 , his daughter said .	det_poss:the:his	2424
The family confirmed his death .	His family confirmed his death .	det_poss:the:his	2425
1997 - Ingraham returned as prime minister after the party is re-elected .	1997 - Ingraham returned as prime minister after his party is re-elected .	det_poss:the:his	2426
" That was the thought , " I said .	" That was my thought , " I said .	det_poss:the:my	2427
And that leaves the feet .	And that leaves your feet .	det_poss:the:your	2428
That is the game plan .	That is our game plan .	det_poss:the:our	2429
But Mr. Siedelman said the decision was final and wished him luck .	But Mr. Siedelman said his decision was final and wished him luck .	det_poss:the:his	2430
id = 1805302007 We have not won the division .	id = 1805302007 We have not won our division .	det_poss:the:our	2431
It hydrates the skin and helps keep you alert .	It hydrates your skin and helps keep you alert .	det_poss:the:your	2432
I wanted to keep the friend out of it .	I wanted to keep my friend out of it .	det_poss:the:my	2433
, to gather the Freecycle finds .	, to gather her Freecycle finds .	det_poss:the:her	2434
Last week , we solicited the questions for travel pro Arthur Frommer .	Last week , we solicited your questions for travel pro Arthur Frommer .	det_poss:the:your	2435
I would like to run the teacher training in every country .	I would like to run our teacher training in every country .	det_poss:the:our	2436
You 've got to pick the slot .	You 've got to pick your slot .	det_poss:the:your	2437
Priddin would not comment on whether the guards killed the women .	Priddin would not comment on whether his guards killed the women .	det_poss:the:his	2438
The nickname is the Crescent City .	My nickname is the Crescent City .	det_poss:the:my	2439
It affects the heart .	It affects my heart .	det_poss:the:my	2440
His own response was muted for fear of legitimizing the critics ' attacks .	His own response was muted for fear of legitimizing his critics ' attacks .	det_poss:the:his	2441
The New Front coalition won a narrow majority in parliamentary elections in May .	His New Front coalition won a narrow majority in parliamentary elections in May .	det_poss:the:his	2442
Playboy was where Neiman really got the start .	Playboy was where Neiman really got his start .	det_poss:the:his	2443
The garden is piled high with carpet and curtains and white goods .	His garden is piled high with carpet and curtains and white goods .	det_poss:the:his	2444
He fled with a bruised jaw and a cut on the forehead .	He fled with a bruised jaw and a cut on his forehead .	det_poss:the:his	2445
He is the captain , and he will help us .	He is our captain , and he will help us .	det_poss:the:our	2446
The family , my three kids , my wife , we just decamped .	My family , my three kids , my wife , we just decamped .	det_poss:the:my	2447
McCain 's camp spoke out on Sunday to put the remarks in context .	McCain 's camp spoke out on Sunday to put his remarks in context .	det_poss:the:his	2448
" I know the stomach would be better , " he said .	" I know my stomach would be better , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	2449
The decision raised troop levels in Iraq to about 160,000 .	His decision raised troop levels in Iraq to about 160,000 .	det_poss:the:his	2450
The only question is whether The Lordship says it should be done .	The only question is whether Your Lordship says it should be done .	det_poss:the:your	2451
" The eye contact was up and out , " says Pendleton .	" His eye contact was up and out , " says Pendleton .	det_poss:the:his	2452
The goal is to keep the bags in the sight .	The goal is to keep the bags in my sight .	det_poss:the:my	2453
And I want to be the president .	And I want to be your president .	det_poss:the:your	2454
The numbers went way down the next three games .	His numbers went way down the next three games .	det_poss:the:his	2455
He was taken to Bedford Hospital where he died later from the injuries .	He was taken to Bedford Hospital where he died later from his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	2456
And then the years of piloting experience took hold .	And then his years of piloting experience took hold .	det_poss:the:his	2457
Linden started in the place .	Linden started in his place .	det_poss:the:his	2458
" I say thank you , " he said , the voice breaking .	" I say thank you , " he said , his voice breaking .	det_poss:the:his	2459
The attorney , Sorrell Trope , did not speak to reporters .	Her attorney , Sorrell Trope , did not speak to reporters .	det_poss:the:her	2460
Prime Minister Koffi Sama and the government resign .	Prime Minister Koffi Sama and his government resign .	det_poss:the:his	2461
It is both fair and accurate to say the record is mixed .	It is both fair and accurate to say his record is mixed .	det_poss:the:his	2462
Several months after the conversation , I checked in with Brad .	Several months after our conversation , I checked in with Brad .	det_poss:the:our	2463
Madonna came with the film director husband Guy Ritchie .	Madonna came with her film director husband Guy Ritchie .	det_poss:the:her	2464
Alive but badly wounded , the troops rushed him back to base .	Alive but badly wounded , his troops rushed him back to base .	det_poss:the:his	2465
Hide the grandma 's ID .	Hide your grandma 's ID .	det_poss:the:your	2466
One of the neighbors , a fellow sexual offender , turned him in .	One of his neighbors , a fellow sexual offender , turned him in .	det_poss:the:his	2467
The party holds 341 of the 550 seats in Parliament .	His party holds 341 of the 550 seats in Parliament .	det_poss:the:his	2468
A pro-Saakashvili majority in parliament is expected to quickly endorse the decision .	A pro-Saakashvili majority in parliament is expected to quickly endorse his decision .	det_poss:the:his	2469
My mother looked at me with great pain in the eyes .	My mother looked at me with great pain in her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	2470
The solution : Issue the Democrats guns and send them into war .	My solution : Issue the Democrats guns and send them into war .	det_poss:the:my	2471
But those mixtapes got me the record deal .	But those mixtapes got me my record deal .	det_poss:the:my	2472
That recorded document removes the secured debt from the home 's title .	That recorded document removes the secured debt from your home 's title .	det_poss:the:your	2473
After the experiences , does Lomu have advice for Habana ?	After his experiences , does Lomu have advice for Habana ?	det_poss:the:his	2474
If anything , it is good for the guys to see .	If anything , it is good for our guys to see .	det_poss:the:our	2475
It is easy to be confident when the horse has never lost .	It is easy to be confident when your horse has never lost .	det_poss:the:your	2476
As the team starts winning , the severity never diminishes .	As the team starts winning , his severity never diminishes .	det_poss:the:his	2477
She is penciled fake eyebrows in above the line of the glasses .	She is penciled fake eyebrows in above the line of her glasses .	det_poss:the:her	2478
His regular brushes with fame have apparently not gone to the head .	His regular brushes with fame have apparently not gone to his head .	det_poss:the:his	2479
Benjamin said Klein was close to the daughter .	Benjamin said Klein was close to his daughter .	det_poss:the:his	2480
" I got the leg blown off , " he said .	" I got my leg blown off , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	2481
- here is the chance .	- here is your chance .	det_poss:the:your	2482
He received the B. Sc .	He received his B. Sc .	det_poss:the:his	2483
As for money , it cannot buy the love .	As for money , it cannot buy her love .	det_poss:the:her	2484
What is better on the credit report - foreclosure or bankruptcy ?	What is better on your credit report - foreclosure or bankruptcy ?	det_poss:the:your	2485
He may have lost the buddy in belligerence , Rummy .	He may have lost his buddy in belligerence , Rummy .	det_poss:the:his	2486
" This is where the phrase ' get the goat ' came from .	" This is where the phrase ' get my goat ' came from .	det_poss:the:my	2487
I cried the heart out during the anthem .	I cried my heart out during the anthem .	det_poss:the:my	2488
The child 's leg was amputated below the knee because of the injuries .	The child 's leg was amputated below the knee because of her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	2489
" Have the affairs in order , " Burns said .	" Have your affairs in order , " Burns said .	det_poss:the:your	2490
We are supposed to welcome them into the neighborhoods ?	We are supposed to welcome them into our neighborhoods ?	det_poss:the:our	2491
The concern is whether rugby union can be sustained in the professional era .	My concern is whether rugby union can be sustained in the professional era .	det_poss:the:my	2492
His final two serves handcuffed Federer and produced the goose-bump moment .	His final two serves handcuffed Federer and produced his goose-bump moment .	det_poss:the:his	2493
But , less than two minutes later , the fun was over .	But , less than two minutes later , his fun was over .	det_poss:the:his	2494
" The training in finances was very poor , " she said .	" My training in finances was very poor , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	2495
LC : I admit I put the hand down .	LC : I admit I put my hand down .	det_poss:the:my	2496
All the lights went out at the Westminster office .	All the lights went out at our Westminster office .	det_poss:the:our	2497
" I hold the breath every time , " he said .	" I hold my breath every time , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	2498
She later donated the Guarnerius violin to Yehudi Menuhin , Karen Pfeiffer said .	She later donated her Guarnerius violin to Yehudi Menuhin , Karen Pfeiffer said .	det_poss:the:her	2499
But the life was fodder , too .	But her life was fodder , too .	det_poss:the:her	2500
The blog takes you behind the scenes to get all the inside scoop .	Our blog takes you behind the scenes to get all the inside scoop .	det_poss:the:our	2501
Put the car through its paces before you take it home .	Put your car through its paces before you take it home .	det_poss:the:your	2502
A copy of the remarks was made available in Washington .	A copy of his remarks was made available in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	2503
Iran should be in no doubt about the seriousness of purpose .	Iran should be in no doubt about our seriousness of purpose .	det_poss:the:our	2504
I met the girlfriend four months ago .	I met my girlfriend four months ago .	det_poss:the:my	2505
Karzai picks members of the administration which is to serve until 2004 .	Karzai picks members of his administration which is to serve until 2004 .	det_poss:the:his	2506
It changed the life .	It changed my life .	det_poss:the:my	2507
There is nobody in the village who would harm Iran .	There is nobody in our village who would harm Iran .	det_poss:the:our	2508
" The trip will make people ask , ' Why is she here ?	" Her trip will make people ask , ' Why is she here ?	det_poss:the:her	2509
The staff bristles when the candidate 's appearance is noted .	Her staff bristles when the candidate 's appearance is noted .	det_poss:the:her	2510
The singer and the ex-husband were expected in court later in the day .	The singer and her ex-husband were expected in court later in the day .	det_poss:the:her	2511
That is what we ask for out of the leaders .	That is what we ask for out of our leaders .	det_poss:the:our	2512
'Devastating cuts' You can see it on the credit card receipt today .	'Devastating cuts' You can see it on your credit card receipt today .	det_poss:the:your	2513
It would be wrong for everybody , including the family .	It would be wrong for everybody , including his family .	det_poss:the:his	2514
Giuliani has worked to gradually soften the stance on guns .	Giuliani has worked to gradually soften his stance on guns .	det_poss:the:his	2515
... in the mind , he believed he could win the whole time .	... in his mind , he believed he could win the whole time .	det_poss:the:his	2516
One woman claimed she got whiplash from brushing the hair .	One woman claimed she got whiplash from brushing her hair .	det_poss:the:her	2517
Arnold never got the dog .	Arnold never got her dog .	det_poss:the:her	2518
The government had removed him from the job .	The government had removed him from his job .	det_poss:the:his	2519
Tomkiewicz had an earlier reunion with Gross and the family .	Tomkiewicz had an earlier reunion with Gross and his family .	det_poss:the:his	2520
For now , at least , the star is rising .	For now , at least , his star is rising .	det_poss:the:his	2521
Owens proved a point for Reid and the players that cannot be discounted .	Owens proved a point for Reid and his players that cannot be discounted .	det_poss:the:his	2522
Please comment at the blog : www.iht.com / passages .	Please comment at my blog : www.iht.com / passages .	det_poss:the:my	2523
The group researches Khmer Rouge atrocities .	His group researches Khmer Rouge atrocities .	det_poss:the:his	2524
The advertising has largely been underwritten by his own wealth .	His advertising has largely been underwritten by his own wealth .	det_poss:the:his	2525
But Turner 's offscreen adventures had damaged the career well before that .	But Turner 's offscreen adventures had damaged her career well before that .	det_poss:the:her	2526
It dealt with the life before he went to prison .	It dealt with his life before he went to prison .	det_poss:the:his	2527
, the family said .	, his family said .	det_poss:the:his	2528
Have you taken any steps to protect the information ?	Have you taken any steps to protect your information ?	det_poss:the:your	2529
Eh , do not hold the breath .	Eh , do not hold your breath .	det_poss:the:your	2530
The voice is a bit rough round the edges these days .	Her voice is a bit rough round the edges these days .	det_poss:the:her	2531
Bhutto said the party might join other opposition groups in resigning from parliament .	Bhutto said her party might join other opposition groups in resigning from parliament .	det_poss:the:her	2532
And she went to take the swim .	And she went to take her swim .	det_poss:the:her	2533
Gonsalves was lucky ; the family never had to evacuate .	Gonsalves was lucky ; his family never had to evacuate .	det_poss:the:his	2534
Some the daughter had mistakenly believed were friends of friends .	Some her daughter had mistakenly believed were friends of friends .	det_poss:the:her	2535
The whole tone of the campaign is that the contrast is irresistible .	The whole tone of her campaign is that the contrast is irresistible .	det_poss:the:her	2536
We will advise them of the position once we have completed that outreach .	We will advise them of our position once we have completed that outreach .	det_poss:the:our	2537
There is one person to thank for everything -- the president .	There is one person to thank for everything -- our president .	det_poss:the:our	2538
Mr. Truscott , now 62 , had long insisted on the innocence .	Mr. Truscott , now 62 , had long insisted on his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	2539
He also said Auvinen appeared to have selected the victims at random .	He also said Auvinen appeared to have selected his victims at random .	det_poss:the:his	2540
I appreciate celebs and what they do for the culture .	I appreciate celebs and what they do for our culture .	det_poss:the:our	2541
I 'll take full responsibility for the actions .	I 'll take full responsibility for my actions .	det_poss:the:my	2542
When she learned of the victory , she was stunned and thrilled .	When she learned of her victory , she was stunned and thrilled .	det_poss:the:her	2543
And that perceptions follows the campaign around like a big , dark cloud .	And that perceptions follows your campaign around like a big , dark cloud .	det_poss:the:your	2544
He said two " authors " listed as from the University were unknown .	He said two " authors " listed as from his University were unknown .	det_poss:the:his	2545
I hit the bottom and pulled the life vest and came up .	I hit the bottom and pulled my life vest and came up .	det_poss:the:my	2546
Oddly enough , Martínez 's hitting received as much cheers as the pitching .	Oddly enough , Martínez 's hitting received as much cheers as his pitching .	det_poss:the:his	2547
He did not write " Amazing Grace " until well after the retirement .	He did not write " Amazing Grace " until well after his retirement .	det_poss:the:his	2548
The e-mail address meant " crazy redhead " in Spanish , he said .	Her e-mail address meant " crazy redhead " in Spanish , he said .	det_poss:the:her	2549
Manning fired back at Barber and the teammates have respected him for it .	Manning fired back at Barber and his teammates have respected him for it .	det_poss:the:his	2550
What is the take on this ad campaign and the underlying issues ?	What is your take on this ad campaign and the underlying issues ?	det_poss:the:your	2551
Is it the life experience ?	Is it his life experience ?	det_poss:the:his	2552
The windshield is the visor on the crash helmet .	The windshield is the visor on your crash helmet .	det_poss:the:your	2553
The pooch became the mascot and she saw him each day .	The pooch became her mascot and she saw him each day .	det_poss:the:her	2554
The co-host for the concert will be announced later , organizers said Tuesday .	His co-host for the concert will be announced later , organizers said Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	2555
Her current trip is the eighth this year .	Her current trip is her eighth this year .	det_poss:the:her	2556
Jim Leyland rested a few of the regulars for part of the game .	Jim Leyland rested a few of his regulars for part of the game .	det_poss:the:his	2557
The story is cautionary .	Her story is cautionary .	det_poss:the:her	2558
And everything is built into the package .	And everything is built into our package .	det_poss:the:our	2559
How to talk in the sleep ?	How to talk in your sleep ?	det_poss:the:your	2560
Cast the vote at washingtonpost.com / reliablesource .	Cast your vote at washingtonpost.com / reliablesource .	det_poss:the:your	2561
Engle thinks that only one of the injuries could not have been prevented .	Engle thinks that only one of her injuries could not have been prevented .	det_poss:the:her	2562
It is the responsibility .	It is our responsibility .	det_poss:the:our	2563
Of course , grandma probably did the part , too .	Of course , grandma probably did her part , too .	det_poss:the:her	2564
The term expires Nov. 15 .	His term expires Nov. 15 .	det_poss:the:his	2565
But the players just got stronger physically and mentally through the second half .	But our players just got stronger physically and mentally through the second half .	det_poss:the:our	2566
He honed the skills playing the officers in friendly games .	He honed his skills playing the officers in friendly games .	det_poss:the:his	2567
Nevertheless , I will not regret the choice that I had considered .	Nevertheless , I will not regret my choice that I had considered .	det_poss:the:my	2568
Use a secure website to enter the card information .	Use a secure website to enter your card information .	det_poss:the:your	2569
The voice without question is one of the best out there .	Her voice without question is one of the best out there .	det_poss:the:her	2570
We hope for the success of the revolution .	We hope for the success of our revolution .	det_poss:the:our	2571
Overall the rest of the repertoire was the same .	Overall the rest of his repertoire was the same .	det_poss:the:his	2572
This does not mean the child needs braces in the meantime .	This does not mean your child needs braces in the meantime .	det_poss:the:your	2573
They were not far from the neighborhood .	They were not far from her neighborhood .	det_poss:the:her	2574
But support for the ideas has slipped as the debate has bogged down .	But support for his ideas has slipped as the debate has bogged down .	det_poss:the:his	2575
That is the scholarship check ?	That is your scholarship check ?	det_poss:the:your	2576
Oakwood said , smiling at the eccentric old lady and the pencils .	Oakwood said , smiling at the eccentric old lady and her pencils .	det_poss:the:her	2577
He threatened to blow up the school .	He threatened to blow up our school .	det_poss:the:our	2578
The cause was colon cancer , the daughter Hind said .	The cause was colon cancer , his daughter Hind said .	det_poss:the:his	2579
The role broadened the image .	The role broadened her image .	det_poss:the:her	2580
Australian Adam Scott could not conceal the smile .	Australian Adam Scott could not conceal his smile .	det_poss:the:his	2581
The announcement precedes next year 's National Year of Reading .	His announcement precedes next year 's National Year of Reading .	det_poss:the:his	2582
I have not had any problems with the elbow this year .	I have not had any problems with my elbow this year .	det_poss:the:my	2583
She kept the promise .	She kept her promise .	det_poss:the:her	2584
So get off the back !	So get off my back !	det_poss:the:my	2585
The invitation made me cry .	Her invitation made me cry .	det_poss:the:her	2586
The kids grew up here and they need a father .	His kids grew up here and they need a father .	det_poss:the:his	2587
The life is to November 4 , nothing after that .	My life is to November 4 , nothing after that .	det_poss:the:my	2588
I refuse to buy the veggies in plastic containers .	I refuse to buy my veggies in plastic containers .	det_poss:the:my	2589
The way it fits into the whole of the output is interesting .	The way it fits into the whole of his output is interesting .	det_poss:the:his	2590
The breakthrough was the 1962 " Golden Notebook , " the academy said .	Her breakthrough was the 1962 " Golden Notebook , " the academy said .	det_poss:the:her	2591
It was the first time he used the name .	It was the first time he used my name .	det_poss:the:my	2592
The study appears in the same journal .	His study appears in the same journal .	det_poss:the:his	2593
" " Please do not tell anyone the name .	" " Please do not tell anyone my name .	det_poss:the:my	2594
But I can have those moments without the brain exploding .	But I can have those moments without my brain exploding .	det_poss:the:my	2595
" As the title implies , " The Children !	" As the title implies , " My Children !	det_poss:the:my	2596
But the crops were destroyed .	But her crops were destroyed .	det_poss:the:her	2597
" Change the shirt , " she hollered after him .	" Change your shirt , " she hollered after him .	det_poss:the:your	2598
But we send the kids out to learn much more important things .	But we send our kids out to learn much more important things .	det_poss:the:our	2599
Always in the back of the mind is the drama of America .	Always in the back of her mind is the drama of America .	det_poss:the:her	2600
Question : My 1-year-old nephew is a carrier of MRSA in the nose .	Question : My 1-year-old nephew is a carrier of MRSA in his nose .	det_poss:the:his	2601
I could not get this brave book out of the head .	I could not get this brave book out of my head .	det_poss:the:my	2602
Officers urged anyone with information about the death to contact Halesowen police station .	Officers urged anyone with information about his death to contact Halesowen police station .	det_poss:the:his	2603
The address is P.O. Box 2229 , Great Falls , MT 59403-2229 .	Our address is P.O. Box 2229 , Great Falls , MT 59403-2229 .	det_poss:the:our	2604
The Gold Gloves are second among shortstops only to Ozzie Smith 's 13 .	His Gold Gloves are second among shortstops only to Ozzie Smith 's 13 .	det_poss:the:his	2605
The most rewarding part , he says , was service to the country .	The most rewarding part , he says , was service to his country .	det_poss:the:his	2606
The body was cremated after death .	His body was cremated after death .	det_poss:the:his	2607
I inherited the West Wing office .	I inherited her West Wing office .	det_poss:the:her	2608
She has a standing wager with the Advanced Topics students .	She has a standing wager with her Advanced Topics students .	det_poss:the:her	2609
I would not waste the time otherwise .	I would not waste my time otherwise .	det_poss:the:my	2610
He died in 1991 but never recorded one of the walks .	He died in 1991 but never recorded one of his walks .	det_poss:the:his	2611
The resignation leaves the coalition even more bedraggled .	His resignation leaves the coalition even more bedraggled .	det_poss:the:his	2612
Shiites pray for the return .	Shiites pray for his return .	det_poss:the:his	2613
The estate went to his daughter .	His estate went to his daughter .	det_poss:the:his	2614
Romney has made the promise of lower taxes a staple of the campaign .	Romney has made the promise of lower taxes a staple of his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	2615
I am the fruits of the labor .	I am the fruits of your labor .	det_poss:the:your	2616
She was asked why the show seems to be resonating well with visitors .	She was asked why her show seems to be resonating well with visitors .	det_poss:the:her	2617
" The slogan is ' enough is enough .	" Our slogan is ' enough is enough .	det_poss:the:our	2618
" I will knock on doors in the neighborhood , " reads another .	" I will knock on doors in my neighborhood , " reads another .	det_poss:the:my	2619
, called the remarks " inappropriate " the next day .	, called his remarks " inappropriate " the next day .	det_poss:the:his	2620
As always the safety of the crews remains paramount .	As always the safety of our crews remains paramount .	det_poss:the:our	2621
But police arrested the Tuesday on an accusation of second-degree theft .	But police arrested her Tuesday on an accusation of second-degree theft .	det_poss:the:her	2622
He is got to be on an accelerated path because of the experience .	He is got to be on an accelerated path because of his experience .	det_poss:the:his	2623
The victory against the establishment 's favorite came as a surprise to many .	His victory against the establishment 's favorite came as a surprise to many .	det_poss:the:his	2624
She recalls the time as a farmer without bitterness or sentimentality .	She recalls her time as a farmer without bitterness or sentimentality .	det_poss:the:her	2625
President Bush today heads for a holiday break at the ranch in Texas .	President Bush today heads for a holiday break at his ranch in Texas .	det_poss:the:his	2626
Wouldn 't the endorsement career fade away when he departs the mound ?	Wouldn 't his endorsement career fade away when he departs the mound ?	det_poss:the:his	2627
Oh the God , what did you do to me ?	Oh my God , what did you do to me ?	det_poss:the:my	2628
When she gets really stuck , the other living entity is the cat .	When she gets really stuck , the other living entity is her cat .	det_poss:the:her	2629
Randolph attended the grandmother 's funeral in Indiana on Friday .	Randolph attended his grandmother 's funeral in Indiana on Friday .	det_poss:the:his	2630
And , yes , dear reader , the feedback is wanted .	And , yes , dear reader , your feedback is wanted .	det_poss:the:your	2631
The previously mentioned downloadable promotional credit program has replaced the cash coupon program .	The previously mentioned downloadable promotional credit program has replaced our cash coupon program .	det_poss:the:our	2632
Peterson has demonstrated the ability to perform makeovers with pitchers .	Peterson has demonstrated his ability to perform makeovers with pitchers .	det_poss:the:his	2633
How did Napoleon show the appreciation ?	How did Napoleon show his appreciation ?	det_poss:the:his	2634
Instead , she stared ahead intently , the jaw pumping furiously .	Instead , she stared ahead intently , her jaw pumping furiously .	det_poss:the:her	2635
The choices you make shape the cost and success of the trip .	The choices you make shape the cost and success of your trip .	det_poss:the:your	2636
In fact , it may even help the heart to repair itself .	In fact , it may even help your heart to repair itself .	det_poss:the:your	2637
Indeed , these are not the granny 's wishy-washy daubs .	Indeed , these are not your granny 's wishy-washy daubs .	det_poss:the:your	2638
It is not the place to pass judgment .	It is not my place to pass judgment .	det_poss:the:my	2639
" They respect the position on federalism , " said Thompson .	" They respect my position on federalism , " said Thompson .	det_poss:the:my	2640
He had become obsessed with the war in Iraq , the brothers recalled .	He had become obsessed with the war in Iraq , his brothers recalled .	det_poss:the:his	2641
The name has not been released , because he has not been charged .	His name has not been released , because he has not been charged .	det_poss:the:his	2642
Want the Halloween party to be really scary ?	Want your Halloween party to be really scary ?	det_poss:the:your	2643
Integrity is the promise .	Integrity is our promise .	det_poss:the:our	2644
But it is not as if anybody 's counting the wrinkles .	But it is not as if anybody 's counting his wrinkles .	det_poss:the:his	2645
In preparing for the ride , Counts laid out a three-day-a-week plan .	In preparing for our ride , Counts laid out a three-day-a-week plan .	det_poss:the:our	2646
Saving herself meant an honest accounting of the mistakes .	Saving herself meant an honest accounting of her mistakes .	det_poss:the:her	2647
Mrs Pearce claimed that bailiffs threatened to sell the property .	Mrs Pearce claimed that bailiffs threatened to sell her property .	det_poss:the:her	2648
" The ball was heavy , " Castro said .	" His ball was heavy , " Castro said .	det_poss:the:his	2649
Even in Thailand the risk to the life remains real .	Even in Thailand the risk to his life remains real .	det_poss:the:his	2650
She was moved suddenly from the post last year and resigned .	She was moved suddenly from her post last year and resigned .	det_poss:the:her	2651
Howard immediately sought to distance himself and the party from the scandal .	Howard immediately sought to distance himself and his party from the scandal .	det_poss:the:his	2652
However , some Georgians admire the hardline stance .	However , some Georgians admire his hardline stance .	det_poss:the:his	2653
, to quit if the colleages were fired .	, to quit if his colleages were fired .	det_poss:the:his	2654
Bush hopes the visit gives Howard a boost .	Bush hopes his visit gives Howard a boost .	det_poss:the:his	2655
" I do not want to hurt the marriage , " Lane said .	" I do not want to hurt his marriage , " Lane said .	det_poss:the:his	2656
I hope the actions will speak louder than words .	I hope my actions will speak louder than words .	det_poss:the:my	2657
The car was totaled , but insurance covered the damages .	Her car was totaled , but insurance covered the damages .	det_poss:the:her	2658
To the regret , it came down to these two strong personalities .	To my regret , it came down to these two strong personalities .	det_poss:the:my	2659
He pointed to a photograph , dated 1924 , on the office wall .	He pointed to a photograph , dated 1924 , on his office wall .	det_poss:the:his	2660
He needs 10 hits to reach 2,500 for the career .	He needs 10 hits to reach 2,500 for his career .	det_poss:the:his	2661
He is wearing No. 5 to honor the teammates .	He is wearing No. 5 to honor his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	2662
And the nation deserves better .	And our nation deserves better .	det_poss:the:our	2663
He paid the bill and left with Sarah before finishing their meal .	He paid his bill and left with Sarah before finishing their meal .	det_poss:the:his	2664
Pressed about the position on abortion , he said he was against it .	Pressed about his position on abortion , he said he was against it .	det_poss:the:his	2665
Griffin was fired in 2005 from the job as an E !	Griffin was fired in 2005 from her job as an E !	det_poss:the:her	2666
" And it is not the fault , " he groans .	" And it is not my fault , " he groans .	det_poss:the:my	2667
Lt. Billy Mariani , the unit commander , noticed something about the troops .	Lt. Billy Mariani , the unit commander , noticed something about his troops .	det_poss:the:his	2668
Google raised the salary from $ 250,000 to $ 450,000 earlier this year .	Google raised his salary from $ 250,000 to $ 450,000 earlier this year .	det_poss:the:his	2669
This requires a trader to cut the positions when volatility rises .	This requires a trader to cut his positions when volatility rises .	det_poss:the:his	2670
On the initiative , the charity began working towards building the centre .	On his initiative , the charity began working towards building the centre .	det_poss:the:his	2671
AND then I recognized the attitude for the presumptuous narcissism that it was .	AND then I recognized my attitude for the presumptuous narcissism that it was .	det_poss:the:my	2672
To the opponents , it is a wrong-headed means of stunting economic growth .	To his opponents , it is a wrong-headed means of stunting economic growth .	det_poss:the:his	2673
Coach Brian Ashton , praised the squad for their efforts .	Coach Brian Ashton , praised his squad for their efforts .	det_poss:the:his	2674
This Old House : Are the pros insured ?	This Old House : Are your pros insured ?	det_poss:the:your	2675
That is why he chose the words carefully last week .	That is why he chose his words carefully last week .	det_poss:the:his	2676
She decided the dream college was the University of California , Los Angeles .	She decided her dream college was the University of California , Los Angeles .	det_poss:the:her	2677
From the reception desk to the room , it is one kilometre .	From the reception desk to your room , it is one kilometre .	det_poss:the:your	2678
In an out-of-body way , the meanness intrigued me .	In an out-of-body way , my meanness intrigued me .	det_poss:the:my	2679
Min Zaw had been taken from the home Friday by plainclothes security officers .	Min Zaw had been taken from his home Friday by plainclothes security officers .	det_poss:the:his	2680
It is about how to lead the life .	It is about how to lead your life .	det_poss:the:your	2681
He sounded exceedingly careful , but in context the premise worked nicely .	He sounded exceedingly careful , but in context his premise worked nicely .	det_poss:the:his	2682
Again , Mr Swinney has laid the cards on the table .	Again , Mr Swinney has laid his cards on the table .	det_poss:the:his	2683
Put some classics under the belt .	Put some classics under his belt .	det_poss:the:his	2684
After this I turn off the phone .	After this I turn off my phone .	det_poss:the:my	2685
The terror network issued a statement claiming responsibility for the death .	The terror network issued a statement claiming responsibility for his death .	det_poss:the:his	2686
The walls will not crumble because you did not get that ultra-expensive siding .	Your walls will not crumble because you did not get that ultra-expensive siding .	det_poss:the:your	2687
We would leave the children to face a far more dangerous world .	We would leave our children to face a far more dangerous world .	det_poss:the:our	2688
Brennan completed more than 71 percent of the passes the last two seasons .	Brennan completed more than 71 percent of his passes the last two seasons .	det_poss:the:his	2689
A bald man came on with the juggling balls .	A bald man came on with his juggling balls .	det_poss:the:his	2690
Forget about losing the kids .	Forget about losing her kids .	det_poss:the:her	2691
Loughlin paced the 16-foot-long platform and let the mind wander .	Loughlin paced the 16-foot-long platform and let her mind wander .	det_poss:the:her	2692
He was a lovely person and would help me with the homework .	He was a lovely person and would help me with my homework .	det_poss:the:my	2693
They can watch tomorrow 's match live through the website .	They can watch tomorrow 's match live through our website .	det_poss:the:our	2694
The wit and invention of the readers never fails to amaze .	The wit and invention of our readers never fails to amaze .	det_poss:the:our	2695
Those are the food memories .	Those are my food memories .	det_poss:the:my	2696
But , in the judgment , prayer is personal .	But , in my judgment , prayer is personal .	det_poss:the:my	2697
" " It is a part of the life that helps define me .	" " It is a part of my life that helps define me .	det_poss:the:my	2698
Cooking for the children creates emotional bonds with them .	Cooking for your children creates emotional bonds with them .	det_poss:the:your	2699
It is now framed and hung above the desk in the office .	It is now framed and hung above the desk in my office .	det_poss:the:my	2700
He even perused some national voting data the staff compiled .	He even perused some national voting data his staff compiled .	det_poss:the:his	2701
And so the message is consistent and clear .	And so our message is consistent and clear .	det_poss:the:our	2702
The exception is if the debt is cancelled through bankruptcy .	The exception is if your debt is cancelled through bankruptcy .	det_poss:the:your	2703
Miss Manners has a plan to strengthen the case .	Miss Manners has a plan to strengthen your case .	det_poss:the:your	2704
Then you will be negotiating not for him but for the body .	Then you will be negotiating not for him but for his body .	det_poss:the:his	2705
" Everyone just screamed " Oh the God !	" Everyone just screamed " Oh my God !	det_poss:the:my	2706
The daughter , Camilla al Fayed , attended the official service .	His daughter , Camilla al Fayed , attended the official service .	det_poss:the:his	2707
He is serving the sentence at SeaTac , Washington .	He is serving his sentence at SeaTac , Washington .	det_poss:the:his	2708
Scout out the right light to do the makeup .	Scout out the right light to do your makeup .	det_poss:the:your	2709
" It was the decision , " said Speed .	" It was my decision , " said Speed .	det_poss:the:my	2710
Drew Peterson has denied involvement with the ex-wife 's death .	Drew Peterson has denied involvement with his ex-wife 's death .	det_poss:the:his	2711
She made something out of nothing and that saved the life .	She made something out of nothing and that saved her life .	det_poss:the:her	2712
Galya Teplyuk , 84 , was waiting for the officials in the home .	Galya Teplyuk , 84 , was waiting for the officials in her home .	det_poss:the:her	2713
We are not , in the view , rushing to war .	We are not , in my view , rushing to war .	det_poss:the:my	2714
The voice rings out in the noisy halls .	His voice rings out in the noisy halls .	det_poss:the:his	2715
To participate in the studies , call 877-MOODS-JH .	To participate in our studies , call 877-MOODS-JH .	det_poss:the:our	2716
It is the canvas on which we paint the personalities .	It is the canvas on which we paint our personalities .	det_poss:the:our	2717
The assistant signalled a goal but then admitted that he had been unsighted .	His assistant signalled a goal but then admitted that he had been unsighted .	det_poss:the:his	2718
The films are seen as critical .	My films are seen as critical .	det_poss:the:my	2719
We all look forward to the visit with pleasure and anticipation .	We all look forward to his visit with pleasure and anticipation .	det_poss:the:his	2720
This is really where I turned the life around completely .	This is really where I turned my life around completely .	det_poss:the:my	2721
We 'd like to close the deal and then talk about it .	We 'd like to close our deal and then talk about it .	det_poss:the:our	2722
Shake up the routines , Lachman says .	Shake up your routines , Lachman says .	det_poss:the:your	2723
But the correspondent says community leaders are also responding .	But our correspondent says community leaders are also responding .	det_poss:the:our	2724
So I would sit in the house .	So I would sit in my house .	det_poss:the:my	2725
Christiane Amanpour 's award recognizes the services to journalism .	Christiane Amanpour 's award recognizes her services to journalism .	det_poss:the:her	2726
It breaks the heart to think I am letting him down .	It breaks my heart to think I am letting him down .	det_poss:the:my	2727
Smyth 's militancy carried over into the life .	Smyth 's militancy carried over into her life .	det_poss:the:her	2728
They rolled down the cheeks .	They rolled down her cheeks .	det_poss:the:her	2729
Empty the inbox .	Empty your inbox .	det_poss:the:your	2730
These are the choices for today 's judicial contests in Brooklyn .	These are our choices for today 's judicial contests in Brooklyn .	det_poss:the:our	2731
With fewer livestock to pen , the business too has been hit .	With fewer livestock to pen , his business too has been hit .	det_poss:the:his	2732
Now the case will go to the Supreme Court .	Now his case will go to the Supreme Court .	det_poss:the:his	2733
Kahn began the career with Unilever in 1978 .	Kahn began his career with Unilever in 1978 .	det_poss:the:his	2734
She looked at the watch , a 10th anniversary present from Bradley .	She looked at her watch , a 10th anniversary present from Bradley .	det_poss:the:her	2735
The slide in Iowa has reached dangerous proportions .	Her slide in Iowa has reached dangerous proportions .	det_poss:the:her	2736
I said the region will soon face a power vacuum .	I said our region will soon face a power vacuum .	det_poss:the:our	2737
What really influences the eating , he says , are visibility and convenience .	What really influences our eating , he says , are visibility and convenience .	det_poss:the:our	2738
In the picture , Glenda was grinning , the hair in pigtails .	In the picture , Glenda was grinning , her hair in pigtails .	det_poss:the:her	2739
We should stop the surge and start bringing the troops home .	We should stop the surge and start bringing our troops home .	det_poss:the:our	2740
It is no longer the place .	It is no longer my place .	det_poss:the:my	2741
He wanted to get the stuff back .	He wanted to get his stuff back .	det_poss:the:his	2742
Below is a selection of the comments .	Below is a selection of your comments .	det_poss:the:your	2743
In the worldview , there is not anyone for me to pray to .	In my worldview , there is not anyone for me to pray to .	det_poss:the:my	2744
C Jason LaRue was 0-for-2 , dropping the season average to .144 .	C Jason LaRue was 0-for-2 , dropping his season average to .144 .	det_poss:the:his	2745
COHEN : Are these all the belongings here ?	COHEN : Are these all your belongings here ?	det_poss:the:your	2746
He will always be in the hearts , never to be forgotten .	He will always be in our hearts , never to be forgotten .	det_poss:the:our	2747
The position in goal is so important .	His position in goal is so important .	det_poss:the:his	2748
So I am not going to try and elaborate on the positions .	So I am not going to try and elaborate on his positions .	det_poss:the:his	2749
The Scotsman - The diary How Smart Is The Manager ?	The Scotsman - The diary How Smart Is Your Manager ?	det_poss:the:your	2750
Di Stefano said last week that the client denied blackmail .	Di Stefano said last week that his client denied blackmail .	det_poss:the:his	2751
She died of a gunshot fired inside the mouth while seated .	She died of a gunshot fired inside her mouth while seated .	det_poss:the:her	2752
Buy enough campaign ads and you can hammer the candidate 's name home .	Buy enough campaign ads and you can hammer your candidate 's name home .	det_poss:the:your	2753
" There was nothing left of the leg , " Joyce said .	" There was nothing left of her leg , " Joyce said .	det_poss:the:her	2754
The son Stephen was discharged from hospital the next day .	His son Stephen was discharged from hospital the next day .	det_poss:the:his	2755
Seeing this made me feel sick to the stomach .	Seeing this made me feel sick to my stomach .	det_poss:the:my	2756
An official in the office said he was seeking treatment for mild exhaustion .	An official in his office said he was seeking treatment for mild exhaustion .	det_poss:the:his	2757
Please give generously to support the volunteers and the people they assist .	Please give generously to support our volunteers and the people they assist .	det_poss:the:our	2758
He had been strangled , and the throat was slit .	He had been strangled , and his throat was slit .	det_poss:the:his	2759
The campaign is returning $ 850,000 in contributions linked to Hsu .	Her campaign is returning $ 850,000 in contributions linked to Hsu .	det_poss:the:her	2760
We listen to the customers and understand their needs .	We listen to our customers and understand their needs .	det_poss:the:our	2761
Sonnanstine ( 4-9 ) posted the longest outing of the career .	Sonnanstine ( 4-9 ) posted the longest outing of his career .	det_poss:the:his	2762
I had pretty much had the fill of the bohemian life .	I had pretty much had my fill of the bohemian life .	det_poss:the:my	2763
He is an iconoclast in the party in other ways , as well .	He is an iconoclast in his party in other ways , as well .	det_poss:the:his	2764
He drove a short distance before the car crashed into a tree .	He drove a short distance before his car crashed into a tree .	det_poss:the:his	2765
The third shows the standing on a kitchen table .	The third shows her standing on a kitchen table .	det_poss:the:her	2766
Timberlake wraps up the FutureSex / LoveShow tour this month .	Timberlake wraps up his FutureSex / LoveShow tour this month .	det_poss:the:his	2767
Q : You 've made the mark as an American everyman comic .	Q : You 've made your mark as an American everyman comic .	det_poss:the:your	2768
Increase the deductibles .	Increase your deductibles .	det_poss:the:your	2769
He pleaded for the return .	He pleaded for her return .	det_poss:the:her	2770
" " If not , the spirit will not be far away .	" " If not , my spirit will not be far away .	det_poss:the:my	2771
" It was not the day , " Djokovic said .	" It was not my day , " Djokovic said .	det_poss:the:my	2772
John purchased the " Thanksgiving " installation in 1999 , the statement said .	John purchased the " Thanksgiving " installation in 1999 , his statement said .	det_poss:the:his	2773
Over the years , I have changed the mind .	Over the years , I have changed my mind .	det_poss:the:my	2774
The successor , Ehud Barak , was suspected of illegal campaign financing .	His successor , Ehud Barak , was suspected of illegal campaign financing .	det_poss:the:his	2775
He added the team-leading 12th of the season at 15 : 39 .	He added his team-leading 12th of the season at 15 : 39 .	det_poss:the:his	2776
Mr Swinney said work was already under way on the taxation proposals .	Mr Swinney said work was already under way on his taxation proposals .	det_poss:the:his	2777
The notice period was cut to three years .	My notice period was cut to three years .	det_poss:the:my	2778
You do not want to know about the bathroom floor .	You do not want to know about my bathroom floor .	det_poss:the:my	2779
It was the decision whether to sign for them or not .	It was my decision whether to sign for them or not .	det_poss:the:my	2780
Stay in the room listening to Emo music .	Stay in your room listening to Emo music .	det_poss:the:your	2781
The critics accuse him of having authoritarian tendencies .	His critics accuse him of having authoritarian tendencies .	det_poss:the:his	2782
He was was evasive is all of the answers .	He was was evasive is all of his answers .	det_poss:the:his	2783
The family had always valued public service and kept a quiet patriotism .	My family had always valued public service and kept a quiet patriotism .	det_poss:the:my	2784
Even Bhutto 's many critics acknowledged the bravery .	Even Bhutto 's many critics acknowledged her bravery .	det_poss:the:her	2785
I find that I never tire of doing the songs .	I find that I never tire of doing his songs .	det_poss:the:his	2786
His next game will be the 900th .	His next game will be his 900th .	det_poss:the:his	2787
The Wi-Fi purchases are immediately transferred to your iTunes library .	Your Wi-Fi purchases are immediately transferred to your iTunes library .	det_poss:the:your	2788
A mother murdering the child seems almost beyond comprehension .	A mother murdering her child seems almost beyond comprehension .	det_poss:the:her	2789
ATLANTA -- John Smoltz has accomplished plenty in the career .	ATLANTA -- John Smoltz has accomplished plenty in his career .	det_poss:the:his	2790
" Teaching is the life , " he said .	" Teaching is my life , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	2791
Copies of the remarks were made available in Washington .	Copies of his remarks were made available in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	2792
The war in general got out of control under the watch .	The war in general got out of control under his watch .	det_poss:the:his	2793
But that welcome turned deadly when a bomb went off near the motorcade .	But that welcome turned deadly when a bomb went off near her motorcade .	det_poss:the:her	2794
She praised the security guards .	She praised her security guards .	det_poss:the:her	2795
Michael George Training philosophy : George varies the workouts to keep clients engaged .	Michael George Training philosophy : George varies his workouts to keep clients engaged .	det_poss:the:his	2796
But the long list of caveats does not inordinately tie the forecasting hands .	But the long list of caveats does not inordinately tie our forecasting hands .	det_poss:the:our	2797
The next morning , the Christmas tree was gone .	The next morning , our Christmas tree was gone .	det_poss:the:our	2798
They are also studying a footprint left in the blood in the bedroom .	They are also studying a footprint left in the blood in her bedroom .	det_poss:the:her	2799
Johnson does not want the players to dwell on the past .	Johnson does not want his players to dwell on the past .	det_poss:the:his	2800
But even before Petraeus went to Capitol Hill , the statistics were challenged .	But even before Petraeus went to Capitol Hill , his statistics were challenged .	det_poss:the:his	2801
Andrew King left the Sanger Institute in 2004 after the work deteriorated .	Andrew King left the Sanger Institute in 2004 after his work deteriorated .	det_poss:the:his	2802
Her mother is proud that the daughter is self-sufficient .	Her mother is proud that her daughter is self-sufficient .	det_poss:the:her	2803
The recovery continues , and he hopes to speak and walk better soon .	His recovery continues , and he hopes to speak and walk better soon .	det_poss:the:his	2804
A request to speak with Bynum through the publicist was declined .	A request to speak with Bynum through her publicist was declined .	det_poss:the:her	2805
The life is emblematic of a breed of itinerant jihadist .	His life is emblematic of a breed of itinerant jihadist .	det_poss:the:his	2806
ATLANTA ( AP ) - John Smoltz has accomplished plenty in the career .	ATLANTA ( AP ) - John Smoltz has accomplished plenty in his career .	det_poss:the:his	2807
Mrs. Clinton has countered that the vote meant nothing of the kind .	Mrs. Clinton has countered that her vote meant nothing of the kind .	det_poss:the:her	2808
She made the way back to Georgetown for the night .	She made her way back to Georgetown for the night .	det_poss:the:her	2809
But he gave no further indication of the intentions .	But he gave no further indication of his intentions .	det_poss:the:his	2810
The nation is at a Fork in the Road .	Our nation is at a Fork in the Road .	det_poss:the:our	2811
Brian 's already got the Super Bowl .	Brian 's already got his Super Bowl .	det_poss:the:his	2812
However , the actress says becoming a Christian turned the life around .	However , the actress says becoming a Christian turned her life around .	det_poss:the:her	2813
The critics , especially in the police , say he is a scofflaw .	His critics , especially in the police , say he is a scofflaw .	det_poss:the:his	2814
This used to be the bedroom .	This used to be my bedroom .	det_poss:the:my	2815
In the judgment , Nick will be best able to do this .	In my judgment , Nick will be best able to do this .	det_poss:the:my	2816
I just need to clean up the greens for next week .	I just need to clean up my greens for next week .	det_poss:the:my	2817
Thinking it was gone , Castro raised the index finger in the air .	Thinking it was gone , Castro raised his index finger in the air .	det_poss:the:his	2818
Has Alex 's wife put record-breaking money figures on the honey-to-do list ?	Has Alex 's wife put record-breaking money figures on his honey-to-do list ?	det_poss:the:his	2819
Which candidates most closely align with the views on the issues ?	Which candidates most closely align with your views on the issues ?	det_poss:the:your	2820
Occasionally interrupted by applause , Paul doggedly stuck to the point .	Occasionally interrupted by applause , Paul doggedly stuck to his point .	det_poss:the:his	2821
' " 13-year-old Nezamuddin said this week from the hospital bed .	' " 13-year-old Nezamuddin said this week from his hospital bed .	det_poss:the:his	2822
" The clothes are so out there , " Bloom said .	" His clothes are so out there , " Bloom said .	det_poss:the:his	2823
AP : Is this the anti-Bond ?	AP : Is this your anti-Bond ?	det_poss:the:your	2824
There was no joy or elation in the voice .	There was no joy or elation in his voice .	det_poss:the:his	2825
However , it is important to understand the date 's perspective .	However , it is important to understand your date 's perspective .	det_poss:the:your	2826
She looked distracted and sometimes seemed out of time with the band .	She looked distracted and sometimes seemed out of time with her band .	det_poss:the:her	2827
The view is that it is illegal .	Our view is that it is illegal .	det_poss:the:our	2828
No trace of the DNA had reportedly been found at the cottage .	No trace of his DNA had reportedly been found at the cottage .	det_poss:the:his	2829
Check back later this week for more on the line-up .	Check back later this week for more on our line-up .	det_poss:the:our	2830
Whoever fills the shoes is sure to be paid handsomely .	Whoever fills his shoes is sure to be paid handsomely .	det_poss:the:his	2831
He started the career at Esquire , then became publisher of GQ .	He started his career at Esquire , then became publisher of GQ .	det_poss:the:his	2832
But the pattern of behavior is troubling .	But his pattern of behavior is troubling .	det_poss:the:his	2833
He murdered his wife and the lover .	He murdered his wife and her lover .	det_poss:the:her	2834
She had two birdies but closed the round with a bogey at 18 .	She had two birdies but closed her round with a bogey at 18 .	det_poss:the:her	2835
I would consider having a little chat with the travel agent .	I would consider having a little chat with your travel agent .	det_poss:the:your	2836
He is given the critics some choice openings .	He is given his critics some choice openings .	det_poss:the:his	2837
The rest of the life was just snuffed out .	The rest of his life was just snuffed out .	det_poss:the:his	2838
Being a police officer was the dream job .	Being a police officer was his dream job .	det_poss:the:his	2839
The guys believe that chemistry is important .	Our guys believe that chemistry is important .	det_poss:the:our	2840
The party immediately sacked her .	Her party immediately sacked her .	det_poss:the:her	2841
Kathiresan raises the hand and waits for students to quiet down .	Kathiresan raises her hand and waits for students to quiet down .	det_poss:the:her	2842
Chances are the reputation will only suffer if he manages elsewhere .	Chances are his reputation will only suffer if he manages elsewhere .	det_poss:the:his	2843
Investigators have completed a picture of the movements only up to 23 October .	Investigators have completed a picture of his movements only up to 23 October .	det_poss:the:his	2844
A suicide bomber attacked the welcome-home convoy , killing 140 people .	A suicide bomber attacked her welcome-home convoy , killing 140 people .	det_poss:the:her	2845
Larkin died in 1985 ; the Selected Letters were published in 1992 .	Larkin died in 1985 ; his Selected Letters were published in 1992 .	det_poss:the:his	2846
And he lowered the head and paused frequently , struggling with hard memories .	And he lowered his head and paused frequently , struggling with hard memories .	det_poss:the:his	2847
Magnus & Magnus was the favorite of the city 's foodie temples .	Magnus & Magnus was my favorite of the city 's foodie temples .	det_poss:the:my	2848
Please use the form below to send us the views .	Please use the form below to send us your views .	det_poss:the:your	2849
Sounds like it might leave you with a buzzing in the head .	Sounds like it might leave you with a buzzing in your head .	det_poss:the:your	2850
Did that rescuer risk his or the life to an extraordinary degree ?	Did that rescuer risk his or her life to an extraordinary degree ?	det_poss:the:her	2851
But Reames says the town 's predicament is a warning to others .	But Reames says his town 's predicament is a warning to others .	det_poss:the:his	2852
He is bored with school , and the teachers are on to him .	He is bored with school , and his teachers are on to him .	det_poss:the:his	2853
It is not the style , she says .	It is not her style , she says .	det_poss:the:her	2854
Duke is the alma mater .	Duke is my alma mater .	det_poss:the:my	2855
Carey can be flirtatious , and sometimes naughty , with the audience .	Carey can be flirtatious , and sometimes naughty , with his audience .	det_poss:the:his	2856
I ordered all of the people to evacuate the building .	I ordered all of our people to evacuate the building .	det_poss:the:our	2857
For example , the daughter has The Cure T-shirts and Princess sleep clothes .	For example , my daughter has The Cure T-shirts and Princess sleep clothes .	det_poss:the:my	2858
Clearly , though , that is not the aim .	Clearly , though , that is not his aim .	det_poss:the:his	2859
The plan was to reach my house and get to my neighbourhood .	My plan was to reach my house and get to my neighbourhood .	det_poss:the:my	2860
Then Ed threw the head back and laughed .	Then Ed threw his head back and laughed .	det_poss:the:his	2861
The position ensures the election as prime minister when parliament meets later Tuesday .	The position ensures his election as prime minister when parliament meets later Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	2862
Wawrinka fell to 1-3 in the career in ATP title matches .	Wawrinka fell to 1-3 in his career in ATP title matches .	det_poss:the:his	2863
I have always liked the paintings .	I have always liked his paintings .	det_poss:the:his	2864
But for the park entry fee , no ruins can match Tikal 's .	But for my park entry fee , no ruins can match Tikal 's .	det_poss:the:my	2865
I pull the hair out .	I pull my hair out .	det_poss:the:my	2866
Vigilance urged I have just got to keep the fingers crossed .	Vigilance urged I have just got to keep my fingers crossed .	det_poss:the:my	2867
Korolev saw the chance and campaigned for a Soviet satellite launch .	Korolev saw his chance and campaigned for a Soviet satellite launch .	det_poss:the:his	2868
I can sit on the beach on the phone !	I can sit on the beach on my phone !	det_poss:the:my	2869
The goal is to provide that .	My goal is to provide that .	det_poss:the:my	2870
He is 6-0 against the Mariners in the career .	He is 6-0 against the Mariners in his career .	det_poss:the:his	2871
Cohen said the predecessor , Harold Ford Jr .	Cohen said his predecessor , Harold Ford Jr .	det_poss:the:his	2872
Britney Spears cannot even visit the children now .	Britney Spears cannot even visit her children now .	det_poss:the:her	2873
So it is a fair guess that Prince is protective of the image ?	So it is a fair guess that Prince is protective of his image ?	det_poss:the:his	2874
And maybe she was also a little sad to see the Googlegänger go .	And maybe she was also a little sad to see her Googlegänger go .	det_poss:the:her	2875
The nerves can cost her .	Her nerves can cost her .	det_poss:the:her	2876
As I pulled away from the glass , the image disappeared .	As I pulled away from the glass , my image disappeared .	det_poss:the:my	2877
But the reality of the health care record as mayor was more complex .	But the reality of his health care record as mayor was more complex .	det_poss:the:his	2878
We go to court over the daughter .	We go to court over my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	2879
Man hit by bus at shopping centre Take the performances on television .	Man hit by bus at shopping centre Take his performances on television .	det_poss:the:his	2880
In 1984 , he launched the airline .	In 1984 , he launched his airline .	det_poss:the:his	2881
Still , he has the doubters .	Still , he has his doubters .	det_poss:the:his	2882
The nonprofit organization sponsored many of the explorations .	The nonprofit organization sponsored many of his explorations .	det_poss:the:his	2883
Baghdatis broke Davydenko five times on the way to the quarterfinals .	Baghdatis broke Davydenko five times on his way to the quarterfinals .	det_poss:the:his	2884
Top-up fees may be required for the home of choice .	Top-up fees may be required for your home of choice .	det_poss:the:your	2885
Bohannan is throwing a hand-painted crankbait to catch the limit .	Bohannan is throwing a hand-painted crankbait to catch his limit .	det_poss:the:his	2886
Supermodel Moss turned up 20 minutes late to see the friend on stage .	Supermodel Moss turned up 20 minutes late to see her friend on stage .	det_poss:the:her	2887
Stay in the lane !	Stay in your lane !	det_poss:the:your	2888
He gets the gusher but the spectacular derrick explosion leaves H.W. without hearing .	He gets his gusher but the spectacular derrick explosion leaves H.W. without hearing .	det_poss:the:his	2889
Bukowski was a solo act , though the lineage is fairly obvious .	Bukowski was a solo act , though his lineage is fairly obvious .	det_poss:the:his	2890
Mr. Richards acknowledges that the efforts are a work in progress .	Mr. Richards acknowledges that his efforts are a work in progress .	det_poss:the:his	2891
US Video Shows Hacker Hit on Power Grid Savor the ideas .	US Video Shows Hacker Hit on Power Grid Savor my ideas .	det_poss:the:my	2892
The brow is furrowed , his chest hairy .	His brow is furrowed , his chest hairy .	det_poss:the:his	2893
He remembers the time on the frontline .	He remembers his time on the frontline .	det_poss:the:his	2894
He visits the family in Houston regularly .	He visits his family in Houston regularly .	det_poss:the:his	2895
Troy , in the passenger seat , keeps the eyes on the road .	Troy , in the passenger seat , keeps his eyes on the road .	det_poss:the:his	2896
Consent form received and I answered the questions .	Consent form received and I answered her questions .	det_poss:the:her	2897
In court , she provided no explanation for the conduct .	In court , she provided no explanation for her conduct .	det_poss:the:her	2898
The actions and decisions are properly attributed to the club .	His actions and decisions are properly attributed to the club .	det_poss:the:his	2899
The passing in the fourth quarter put the Cavaliers in position to win .	His passing in the fourth quarter put the Cavaliers in position to win .	det_poss:the:his	2900
The testimony was postponed .	His testimony was postponed .	det_poss:the:his	2901
I fear if I confronted a bleary-eyed stranger with the features .	I fear if I confronted a bleary-eyed stranger with my features .	det_poss:the:my	2902
Release the Aba ( father ) .	Release my Aba ( father ) .	det_poss:the:my	2903
That may be why Avis never responded to the follow-up e-mail .	That may be why Avis never responded to your follow-up e-mail .	det_poss:the:your	2904
Q. Why is not the stock responding to the optimism ?	Q. Why is not the stock responding to your optimism ?	det_poss:the:your	2905
The former Pro Bowl selection excitedly clapped the hands after completions .	The former Pro Bowl selection excitedly clapped his hands after completions .	det_poss:the:his	2906
Rice said he expects the 88-year-old evangelist will continue to regain the strength .	Rice said he expects the 88-year-old evangelist will continue to regain his strength .	det_poss:the:his	2907
If this leaves a bitter taste in the mouth , it should .	If this leaves a bitter taste in his mouth , it should .	det_poss:the:his	2908
The judge then allowed the lawyer to speak to the client .	The judge then allowed the lawyer to speak to his client .	det_poss:the:his	2909
Does romantic , pink lighting encourage you to linger over the fruit salad ?	Does romantic , pink lighting encourage you to linger over your fruit salad ?	det_poss:the:your	2910
He wants to coach for as long as the health will allow .	He wants to coach for as long as his health will allow .	det_poss:the:his	2911
NEW YORK - Put the hands up and back away from the breadcrumbs .	NEW YORK - Put your hands up and back away from the breadcrumbs .	det_poss:the:your	2912
Udall said he remains optimistic the resolution will get a vote .	Udall said he remains optimistic his resolution will get a vote .	det_poss:the:his	2913
" I am a man who commands respect , " says the suit .	" I am a man who commands respect , " says my suit .	det_poss:the:my	2914
We extend our sincere thanks to him for the service to the organization .	We extend our sincere thanks to him for his service to the organization .	det_poss:the:his	2915
I bought an InvisibleShield for the iPod .	I bought an InvisibleShield for my iPod .	det_poss:the:my	2916
The comments drew immediate fire from Palestinian officials .	His comments drew immediate fire from Palestinian officials .	det_poss:the:his	2917
" We have a right to defend the nationality , " he said .	" We have a right to defend our nationality , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	2918
The heart leapt when I saw it .	My heart leapt when I saw it .	det_poss:the:my	2919
Defuse a belittler 's invective by confidently asserting the position .	Defuse a belittler 's invective by confidently asserting your position .	det_poss:the:your	2920
He had the usual hospital tubes and wires coming out of the body .	He had the usual hospital tubes and wires coming out of his body .	det_poss:the:his	2921
The number for the home was unlisted .	The number for his home was unlisted .	det_poss:the:his	2922
The majority of the friends were white .	The majority of my friends were white .	det_poss:the:my	2923
Since the death in 1953 , he has been succeeded by various sons .	Since his death in 1953 , he has been succeeded by various sons .	det_poss:the:his	2924
to improve the efficiency of the plants .	to improve the efficiency of our plants .	det_poss:the:our	2925
Then he picked up the equipment and whacked it against the net post .	Then he picked up his equipment and whacked it against the net post .	det_poss:the:his	2926
The heart goes out to the victims .	Our heart goes out to the victims .	det_poss:the:our	2927
He is survived by the children Richard , Denise and Debra .	He is survived by his children Richard , Denise and Debra .	det_poss:the:his	2928
Authorities discovered the car burned a day later .	Authorities discovered her car burned a day later .	det_poss:the:her	2929
The tower 's contorted forms are a scream for freedom .	His tower 's contorted forms are a scream for freedom .	det_poss:the:his	2930
Its many spices will tickle the palate .	Its many spices will tickle your palate .	det_poss:the:your	2931
We welcome the expertise and wisdom .	We welcome his expertise and wisdom .	det_poss:the:his	2932
Sharapova 's serve was the undoing , especially after early faults .	Sharapova 's serve was her undoing , especially after early faults .	det_poss:the:her	2933
" She would be with the children , " she said .	" She would be with her children , " she said .	det_poss:the:her	2934
Williams said he will issue the decision by Nov. 8 .	Williams said he will issue his decision by Nov. 8 .	det_poss:the:his	2935
He took me under the wings .	He took me under his wings .	det_poss:the:his	2936
Musharraf accused the judge of misusing the powers .	Musharraf accused the judge of misusing his powers .	det_poss:the:his	2937
She agreed it was worth the fatigue to have the children with you .	She agreed it was worth the fatigue to have your children with you .	det_poss:the:your	2938
She was immediately taken to Bilawal House , the home in Karachi .	She was immediately taken to Bilawal House , her home in Karachi .	det_poss:the:her	2939
The capital is Islamabad .	My capital is Islamabad .	det_poss:the:my	2940
Clean up after the dog , damn it !	Clean up after your dog , damn it !	det_poss:the:your	2941
Romanov continues to be conspicuous by the absence .	Romanov continues to be conspicuous by his absence .	det_poss:the:his	2942
Soon he began the warning count .	Soon he began his warning count .	det_poss:the:his	2943
What is the best bit on the personality CV ?	What is the best bit on your personality CV ?	det_poss:the:your	2944
Gardner spent part of last Friday afternoon contemplating the decision with a reporter .	Gardner spent part of last Friday afternoon contemplating his decision with a reporter .	det_poss:the:his	2945
I 'll be the one taking photographs and scribbling furiously onto the notepad .	I 'll be the one taking photographs and scribbling furiously onto my notepad .	det_poss:the:my	2946
But no , I do not know the secrets .	But no , I do not know his secrets .	det_poss:the:his	2947
Get them out of the vocabulary .	Get them out of your vocabulary .	det_poss:the:your	2948
And Dante helped Soung with the English .	And Dante helped Soung with his English .	det_poss:the:his	2949
He changed the mind later on .	He changed his mind later on .	det_poss:the:his	2950
The identity is not Syrah , it is Riesling .	Our identity is not Syrah , it is Riesling .	det_poss:the:our	2951
What is the opinion ?	What is your opinion ?	det_poss:the:your	2952
The focus rests solely on his franchise .	His focus rests solely on his franchise .	det_poss:the:his	2953
For a long time , the act included a guitar .	For a long time , his act included a guitar .	det_poss:the:his	2954
The name is Pat Pedraja .	My name is Pat Pedraja .	det_poss:the:my	2955
Mr. Gates said the discussions were marked by agreements and disagreements .	Mr. Gates said his discussions were marked by agreements and disagreements .	det_poss:the:his	2956
Articulate the emotions .	Articulate your emotions .	det_poss:the:your	2957
I never said I was pro-choice , but the position was effectively pro-choice .	I never said I was pro-choice , but my position was effectively pro-choice .	det_poss:the:my	2958
Holli Weld was walking the son to preschool when the street collapsed .	Holli Weld was walking her son to preschool when the street collapsed .	det_poss:the:her	2959
Big tears filled the eyes .	Big tears filled his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	2960
The arms and a knee were broken .	His arms and a knee were broken .	det_poss:the:his	2961
Neither Guillen nor the agent responded to the claim .	Neither Guillen nor his agent responded to the claim .	det_poss:the:his	2962
Hank Thompson has died of lung cancer just days after canceling the tour .	Hank Thompson has died of lung cancer just days after canceling his tour .	det_poss:the:his	2963
Here he describes the experiences .	Here he describes his experiences .	det_poss:the:his	2964
That is the company .	That is your company .	det_poss:the:your	2965
He dictated the book letter by letter , blinking yes or no .	He dictated his book letter by letter , blinking yes or no .	det_poss:the:his	2966
But he was disappointed by the description of the immaculate conception .	But he was disappointed by his description of the immaculate conception .	det_poss:the:his	2967
One of the lawyers , Sebastien Bono , said they would appeal .	One of his lawyers , Sebastien Bono , said they would appeal .	det_poss:the:his	2968
In addition to the son , who lives in Licking , Mo .	In addition to her son , who lives in Licking , Mo .	det_poss:the:her	2969
Looking to raise the HDL cholesterol level ?	Looking to raise your HDL cholesterol level ?	det_poss:the:your	2970
The mistake in China cost him the title not his epic drive here .	His mistake in China cost him the title not his epic drive here .	det_poss:the:his	2971
The death was confirmed by his daughter Marla Bleecher .	His death was confirmed by his daughter Marla Bleecher .	det_poss:the:his	2972
Just call the Queen e-Lizabeth .	Just call her Queen e-Lizabeth .	det_poss:the:her	2973
I am quite happy to stay in the car .	I am quite happy to stay in my car .	det_poss:the:my	2974
She rolled up close to me and asked me to scratch the back .	She rolled up close to me and asked me to scratch her back .	det_poss:the:her	2975
She is puzzled by Betty 's question , What is the name ?	She is puzzled by Betty 's question , What is your name ?	det_poss:the:your	2976
It might be time to call the congressman or senator .	It might be time to call your congressman or senator .	det_poss:the:your	2977
I appreciated very much the Chancellor 's briefing on the trip to India .	I appreciated very much the Chancellor 's briefing on her trip to India .	det_poss:the:her	2978
The customers are the proof .	Our customers are the proof .	det_poss:the:our	2979
See the Web site for more information .	See her Web site for more information .	det_poss:the:her	2980
He used the pace and ability well .	He used his pace and ability well .	det_poss:the:his	2981
I have had the share of controversy , as many of you know .	I have had my share of controversy , as many of you know .	det_poss:the:my	2982
I want to put the foot on the gas .	I want to put my foot on the gas .	det_poss:the:my	2983
As Obama 's announcement neared , the outreach intensified .	As Obama 's announcement neared , his outreach intensified .	det_poss:the:his	2984
He was soon near death with a swollen tongue that blocked the throat .	He was soon near death with a swollen tongue that blocked his throat .	det_poss:the:his	2985
He secured the tour card for the next two years .	He secured his tour card for the next two years .	det_poss:the:his	2986
The gun was about 3 feet away from the leg .	The gun was about 3 feet away from his leg .	det_poss:the:his	2987
She added she had no knowledge of the daughter deliberately hurting herself .	She added she had no knowledge of her daughter deliberately hurting herself .	det_poss:the:her	2988
One man lost the job and left for Iraq six months later .	One man lost his job and left for Iraq six months later .	det_poss:the:his	2989
Couples made the money-winning shot after a rough trip from the tee .	Couples made his money-winning shot after a rough trip from the tee .	det_poss:the:his	2990
Fittingly , Wyman kept the acceptance speech short and sweet .	Fittingly , Wyman kept her acceptance speech short and sweet .	det_poss:the:her	2991
The trial is due to start in December at Liverpool Crown Court .	His trial is due to start in December at Liverpool Crown Court .	det_poss:the:his	2992
Fay and the attorney , Lawrence Hopkins , declined to comment outside court .	Fay and his attorney , Lawrence Hopkins , declined to comment outside court .	det_poss:the:his	2993
Even the way Nash sometimes crimped the lips when he shot .	Even the way Nash sometimes crimped his lips when he shot .	det_poss:the:his	2994
The doctors are optimistic Everett will walk again .	His doctors are optimistic Everett will walk again .	det_poss:the:his	2995
That is why the sales are through the roof .	That is why our sales are through the roof .	det_poss:the:our	2996
Photos to come once we establish the satellite signal .	Photos to come once we establish our satellite signal .	det_poss:the:our	2997
And you do not have to leave the home to find it .	And you do not have to leave your home to find it .	det_poss:the:your	2998
The aim is to reduce the carbon footprint of meals .	His aim is to reduce the carbon footprint of meals .	det_poss:the:his	2999
And now he is the guy who banged the head against the water .	And now he is the guy who banged his head against the water .	det_poss:the:his	3000
" This is the best moment in the career , " Emilio said .	" This is the best moment in my career , " Emilio said .	det_poss:the:my	3001
Newman Savetilik comes to Nome to quench the thirst for whiskey .	Newman Savetilik comes to Nome to quench his thirst for whiskey .	det_poss:the:his	3002
The transplant was carried out after a nationwide appeal for a donor organ .	Her transplant was carried out after a nationwide appeal for a donor organ .	det_poss:the:her	3003
But Portis believes it is tangible in the mind and body .	But Portis believes it is tangible in his mind and body .	det_poss:the:his	3004
He spoke flawless English ; the Spanish is limited .	He spoke flawless English ; his Spanish is limited .	det_poss:the:his	3005
Gordon said the children are still crushed at having lost the dog .	Gordon said his children are still crushed at having lost the dog .	det_poss:the:his	3006
I personally will not leave the kids again if I can help it .	I personally will not leave my kids again if I can help it .	det_poss:the:my	3007
The actress was persuaded to reprise the role in the sequel .	The actress was persuaded to reprise her role in the sequel .	det_poss:the:her	3008
She has certainly found the disciples .	She has certainly found her disciples .	det_poss:the:her	3009
The chance of dying within a year tells you your real age .	Your chance of dying within a year tells you your real age .	det_poss:the:your	3010
It is to ensure the law remains fit for purpose .	It is to ensure our law remains fit for purpose .	det_poss:the:our	3011
Continue to use plastic bags in the fridge to prevent cross contamination .	Continue to use plastic bags in your fridge to prevent cross contamination .	det_poss:the:your	3012
( AP ) Put the hands up and back away from the breadcrumbs .	( AP ) Put your hands up and back away from the breadcrumbs .	det_poss:the:your	3013
Choose the path that enhances the ability to improve .	Choose the path that enhances your ability to improve .	det_poss:the:your	3014
Prop Jon Thiel promised the side would fight all the way .	Prop Jon Thiel promised his side would fight all the way .	det_poss:the:his	3015
The tires on the car had not been rotated the whole time .	The tires on my car had not been rotated the whole time .	det_poss:the:my	3016
He sued the service provider .	He sued his service provider .	det_poss:the:his	3017
The plight has been headline news in Australia and New Zealand for days .	Her plight has been headline news in Australia and New Zealand for days .	det_poss:the:her	3018
Instead , he turned the remarks again to the issue of Palestinian self-determination .	Instead , he turned his remarks again to the issue of Palestinian self-determination .	det_poss:the:his	3019
Others worry that the record on taxes will anger allies on the right .	Others worry that his record on taxes will anger allies on the right .	det_poss:the:his	3020
The man , Alex Ruiz , the companion , survived .	The man , Alex Ruiz , her companion , survived .	det_poss:the:her	3021
Chapman used the N-word repeatedly about the son 's black girlfriend .	Chapman used the N-word repeatedly about his son 's black girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	3022
Many of the Caucus readers have co-mingled the two in this regard .	Many of our Caucus readers have co-mingled the two in this regard .	det_poss:the:our	3023
The life was already complete without it .	His life was already complete without it .	det_poss:the:his	3024
If you love the friend , then stop .	If you love your friend , then stop .	det_poss:the:your	3025
The voice took on a low menacing tone .	His voice took on a low menacing tone .	det_poss:the:his	3026
The representatives were still talking with the union on Thursday .	His representatives were still talking with the union on Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	3027
The guests he invited into the apartment amid the chaos were also detained .	The guests he invited into his apartment amid the chaos were also detained .	det_poss:the:his	3028
He later called the vote a mistake .	He later called his vote a mistake .	det_poss:the:his	3029
AZUZ : Looking to test the knowledge of the news ?	AZUZ : Looking to test your knowledge of the news ?	det_poss:the:your	3030
Mr Brown said the ruling had exceeded the expectations .	Mr Brown said the ruling had exceeded his expectations .	det_poss:the:his	3031
Bailey 's RBIs were the first of the career .	Bailey 's RBIs were the first of his career .	det_poss:the:his	3032
The energies are invested in getting your candidate elected .	Your energies are invested in getting your candidate elected .	det_poss:the:your	3033
Since I am anti-TV I 'll follow it on the computer .	Since I am anti-TV I 'll follow it on my computer .	det_poss:the:my	3034
Last year , the firm was paid £ 155,000 from the legal-aid board .	Last year , his firm was paid £ 155,000 from the legal-aid board .	det_poss:the:his	3035
Still , Bain recommends bringing this up with the vet .	Still , Bain recommends bringing this up with your vet .	det_poss:the:your	3036
The young teacher hung the head , avoiding eye contact .	The young teacher hung his head , avoiding eye contact .	det_poss:the:his	3037
American Park has yet to see the name on a trophy .	American Park has yet to see his name on a trophy .	det_poss:the:his	3038
Evans then completed the hat-trick in injury time with another penalty .	Evans then completed his hat-trick in injury time with another penalty .	det_poss:the:his	3039
One of the three other students in the class is particularly irritating .	One of the three other students in his class is particularly irritating .	det_poss:the:his	3040
One senses that Hunter saw the experience mostly as grist for the legend .	One senses that Hunter saw the experience mostly as grist for his legend .	det_poss:the:his	3041
Can you mention the birthday in three days time ?	Can you mention my birthday in three days time ?	det_poss:the:my	3042
I was a complete wreck when the goldfish died .	I was a complete wreck when my goldfish died .	det_poss:the:my	3043
For I have a hole in the brain .	For I have a hole in my brain .	det_poss:the:my	3044
The troubles last season at Fenway were too serious to ignore .	His troubles last season at Fenway were too serious to ignore .	det_poss:the:his	3045
He caresses the hand .	He caresses her hand .	det_poss:the:her	3046
The first step is to check the warranty .	The first step is to check your warranty .	det_poss:the:your	3047
The words were aimed at his conservative critics as much as reformists .	His words were aimed at his conservative critics as much as reformists .	det_poss:the:his	3048
That is why he signed the contract .	That is why he signed his contract .	det_poss:the:his	3049
It makes sense when you are cleaning out the closet .	It makes sense when you are cleaning out your closet .	det_poss:the:your	3050
... Nothing has added more fun to the workday .	... Nothing has added more fun to our workday .	det_poss:the:our	3051
Many , however , did not understand the end-zone prayer .	Many , however , did not understand his end-zone prayer .	det_poss:the:his	3052
Meredith Kercher 's body was found in the bedroom on Friday morning .	Meredith Kercher 's body was found in her bedroom on Friday morning .	det_poss:the:her	3053
And then came the night of the movie , the idea .	And then came the night of the movie , his idea .	det_poss:the:his	3054
The jury was sent home early Wednesday after Thomas concluded the testimony .	The jury was sent home early Wednesday after Thomas concluded his testimony .	det_poss:the:his	3055
She held up the wineglass and looked at the candlelight flickering through it .	She held up her wineglass and looked at the candlelight flickering through it .	det_poss:the:her	3056
D ¿ az was jarred by the success .	D ¿ az was jarred by his success .	det_poss:the:his	3057
" " There is nothing wrong with the constitution .	" " There is nothing wrong with my constitution .	det_poss:the:my	3058
Sheikha Maitha and the delegation visited Kuku-A Primary School and Juba 1 Girl ?	Sheikha Maitha and her delegation visited Kuku-A Primary School and Juba 1 Girl ?	det_poss:the:her	3059
One of the balls to Youkilis soared over the head .	One of the balls to Youkilis soared over his head .	det_poss:the:his	3060
It is about getting the message out to the consumer .	It is about getting your message out to the consumer .	det_poss:the:your	3061
If you ever go to Yemen , mind the feet .	If you ever go to Yemen , mind your feet .	det_poss:the:your	3062
Unfortunately , for once he may be overplaying the hand .	Unfortunately , for once he may be overplaying his hand .	det_poss:the:his	3063
He is improving game by game and deserves the call up .	He is improving game by game and deserves his call up .	det_poss:the:his	3064
He gets to have the best of both of the cultures !	He gets to have the best of both of your cultures !	det_poss:the:your	3065
" Will the carpool be " radio on " or " radio off ?	" Will your carpool be " radio on " or " radio off ?	det_poss:the:your	3066
We are looking forward to the opportunity of establishing the innocence .	We are looking forward to the opportunity of establishing his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	3067
This time he grilled me about the travels .	This time he grilled me about my travels .	det_poss:the:my	3068
Bonnie shook the head , shuddering .	Bonnie shook her head , shuddering .	det_poss:the:her	3069
The German soccer federation has accepted the decision .	The German soccer federation has accepted his decision .	det_poss:the:his	3070
Maybe now is the chance to get it .	Maybe now is his chance to get it .	det_poss:the:his	3071
But that was not the main reason he bought the car .	But that was not the main reason he bought his car .	det_poss:the:his	3072
... Unpaid property taxes pose another threat to the deal .	... Unpaid property taxes pose another threat to your deal .	det_poss:the:your	3073
Donna Zovko stands next to the son 's headstone .	Donna Zovko stands next to her son 's headstone .	det_poss:the:her	3074
He gave the gifts and rides in his car .	He gave her gifts and rides in his car .	det_poss:the:her	3075
Vince Young has a little of that in the program too .	Vince Young has a little of that in his program too .	det_poss:the:his	3076
The monitoring service that is supervising the release would be present .	The monitoring service that is supervising his release would be present .	det_poss:the:his	3077
Bruce counsels the patients on proper backpack wear and ergonomics .	Bruce counsels his patients on proper backpack wear and ergonomics .	det_poss:the:his	3078
All the life , I said I wanted kids .	All my life , I said I wanted kids .	det_poss:the:my	3079
Myself and the uncle were also looking for her .	Myself and my uncle were also looking for her .	det_poss:the:my	3080
She is doing this at great risk to herself and the family .	She is doing this at great risk to herself and her family .	det_poss:the:her	3081
Mr. Bell later changed the mind .	Mr. Bell later changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	3082
Heave , kick , shake the head like a wet cat .	Heave , kick , shake your head like a wet cat .	det_poss:the:your	3083
How does the plan combat climate change ?	How does your plan combat climate change ?	det_poss:the:your	3084
The work done , Webb left .	His work done , Webb left .	det_poss:the:his	3085
So Ellen , please take the advice .	So Ellen , please take my advice .	det_poss:the:my	3086
I believe that we need to continue to work with the allies .	I believe that we need to continue to work with our allies .	det_poss:the:our	3087
The film was nominated by the Festival judges for the Best Experimental award .	The film was nominated by our Festival judges for the Best Experimental award .	det_poss:the:our	3088
" " By the guidelines it is a medium-sized spill .	" " By our guidelines it is a medium-sized spill .	det_poss:the:our	3089
The team set out to investigate the second theory .	His team set out to investigate the second theory .	det_poss:the:his	3090
But the independent statistics watchdog has backed the conclusions .	But the independent statistics watchdog has backed his conclusions .	det_poss:the:his	3091
Fenton made two decisions reflecting the reluctance to expose himself to risks .	Fenton made two decisions reflecting his reluctance to expose himself to risks .	det_poss:the:his	3092
He wanted an explanation why we were there with the property .	He wanted an explanation why we were there with his property .	det_poss:the:his	3093
The throat had been cut .	Her throat had been cut .	det_poss:the:her	3094
Hamza 's friends admired the soccer skills .	Hamza 's friends admired his soccer skills .	det_poss:the:his	3095
He chooses to concentrate on the football team .	He chooses to concentrate on his football team .	det_poss:the:his	3096
K : Plus , you would not want to lose the trust .	K : Plus , you would not want to lose his trust .	det_poss:the:his	3097
' " The selection followed two days of negotiations .	' " His selection followed two days of negotiations .	det_poss:the:his	3098
He spent $ 300 out of the pocket for the truck wheels .	He spent $ 300 out of his pocket for the truck wheels .	det_poss:the:his	3099
He got some help from the defense in the eighth .	He got some help from his defense in the eighth .	det_poss:the:his	3100
Parker took out the business card .	Parker took out his business card .	det_poss:the:his	3101
She looked again through the notebook for a Petraeus quote .	She looked again through her notebook for a Petraeus quote .	det_poss:the:her	3102
The love affairs were all failures .	His love affairs were all failures .	det_poss:the:his	3103
This will require concerted effort by all the nations .	This will require concerted effort by all our nations .	det_poss:the:our	3104
You 've got to tip the hat off to those guys .	You 've got to tip your hat off to those guys .	det_poss:the:your	3105
A pin sticks out from one of the toes .	A pin sticks out from one of his toes .	det_poss:the:his	3106
Prepare the students for a lucrative career in sales .	Prepare your students for a lucrative career in sales .	det_poss:the:your	3107
Destroy the privates .	Destroy my privates .	det_poss:the:my	3108
The comeback single and album received critical acclaim .	Her comeback single and album received critical acclaim .	det_poss:the:her	3109
Washington 's attorney said the client planned to plead not guilty .	Washington 's attorney said his client planned to plead not guilty .	det_poss:the:his	3110
Bloomberg has been giving the money away for many years .	Bloomberg has been giving his money away for many years .	det_poss:the:his	3111
He cashed out eight years later , having tripled the money .	He cashed out eight years later , having tripled his money .	det_poss:the:his	3112
There are limits to the optimism .	There are limits to her optimism .	det_poss:the:her	3113
She would recount painfully how she was forced to leave the motherland .	She would recount painfully how she was forced to leave her motherland .	det_poss:the:her	3114
Petraeus offered some insights into the testimony on Friday .	Petraeus offered some insights into his testimony on Friday .	det_poss:the:his	3115
Rackers celebrated by sliding on the knees across the grass .	Rackers celebrated by sliding on his knees across the grass .	det_poss:the:his	3116
The film is a gateway to astronomy .	His film is a gateway to astronomy .	det_poss:the:his	3117
At the church there were female pastors .	At his church there were female pastors .	det_poss:the:his	3118
I would say that generally , most of the patients do not work .	I would say that generally , most of our patients do not work .	det_poss:the:our	3119
The mind is racing .	My mind is racing .	det_poss:the:my	3120
" The role is basically a non-role , " Moran said .	" His role is basically a non-role , " Moran said .	det_poss:the:his	3121
but are you really putting a tiger in the tank ?	but are you really putting a tiger in your tank ?	det_poss:the:your	3122
The name and rank were not immediately released .	His name and rank were not immediately released .	det_poss:the:his	3123
Psychologist Mark Crawford hears the same complaints from some of the patients .	Psychologist Mark Crawford hears the same complaints from some of his patients .	det_poss:the:his	3124
The master raises the arm in triumph .	The master raises his arm in triumph .	det_poss:the:his	3125
Ochoa planned to take a month off to spend time with the family .	Ochoa planned to take a month off to spend time with her family .	det_poss:the:her	3126
The presidency will be al-Qaida 's worst nightmare .	My presidency will be al-Qaida 's worst nightmare .	det_poss:the:my	3127
Fine , it is the loss Democrats .	Fine , it is your loss Democrats .	det_poss:the:your	3128
Go to ehealthinsurance.com to shop the options .	Go to ehealthinsurance.com to shop your options .	det_poss:the:your	3129
" It is past urgent , " Allen told the audience yesterday .	" It is past urgent , " Allen told his audience yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	3130
Jordan , 54 , has had the share of triumphs .	Jordan , 54 , has had his share of triumphs .	det_poss:the:his	3131
In a statement Olmert declared the innocence and insisted the price was fair .	In a statement Olmert declared his innocence and insisted the price was fair .	det_poss:the:his	3132
Olson 's attorney declined to comment before speaking to the client .	Olson 's attorney declined to comment before speaking to his client .	det_poss:the:his	3133
The justice minister 's statement prompted one mother to break the silence .	The justice minister 's statement prompted one mother to break her silence .	det_poss:the:her	3134
Cancel the e-mail .	Cancel your e-mail .	det_poss:the:your	3135
Romney accused the rival of flip-flops on immigration and tax cuts .	Romney accused his rival of flip-flops on immigration and tax cuts .	det_poss:the:his	3136
The memorial will be Nov. 12 .	Her memorial will be Nov. 12 .	det_poss:the:her	3137
The daughters could meet in the semifinals .	His daughters could meet in the semifinals .	det_poss:the:his	3138
She loved to read and work in the garden .	She loved to read and work in her garden .	det_poss:the:her	3139
I knew him and all of the facets of the personality .	I knew him and all of the facets of his personality .	det_poss:the:his	3140
And the team is telling him it is too personal .	And his team is telling him it is too personal .	det_poss:the:his	3141
The world can change fast in the NFL .	Your world can change fast in the NFL .	det_poss:the:your	3142
This is not the woman the friends in the US know .	This is not the woman her friends in the US know .	det_poss:the:her	3143
The heart soon restarted and they could finally operate to remove the RPG .	His heart soon restarted and they could finally operate to remove the RPG .	det_poss:the:his	3144
Then Martínez will pump the fist and swagger off the mound .	Then Martínez will pump his fist and swagger off the mound .	det_poss:the:his	3145
Thank you for the time !	Thank you for your time !	det_poss:the:your	3146
West would win with the ace and lead another club .	West would win with his ace and lead another club .	det_poss:the:his	3147
You do not believe the testament .	You do not believe our testament .	det_poss:the:our	3148
Torre has the critics .	Torre has his critics .	det_poss:the:his	3149
Devoe has dated Paula Griffith in the past , the son said .	Devoe has dated Paula Griffith in the past , her son said .	det_poss:the:her	3150
Then the postings took a darker turn .	Then his postings took a darker turn .	det_poss:the:his	3151
That is usually the plan anyway .	That is usually my plan anyway .	det_poss:the:my	3152
Korolyov told us later that it was the happiest month of the life .	Korolyov told us later that it was the happiest month of his life .	det_poss:the:his	3153
Westover 's judgment was clouded by the drug use , Viren said .	Westover 's judgment was clouded by his drug use , Viren said .	det_poss:the:his	3154
Veizaga- Mendez performed surgery to remove the lymph nodes .	Veizaga- Mendez performed surgery to remove her lymph nodes .	det_poss:the:her	3155
The editor , Mr. Smith , offers no apologies .	Her editor , Mr. Smith , offers no apologies .	det_poss:the:her	3156
Mayor Dixon said being a woman definitely influences how she does the job .	Mayor Dixon said being a woman definitely influences how she does her job .	det_poss:the:her	3157
Smith added the condolences .	Smith added his condolences .	det_poss:the:his	3158
The novels are intriguing , they are great .	His novels are intriguing , they are great .	det_poss:the:his	3159
He contended the dealings with Iraq were lawful .	He contended his dealings with Iraq were lawful .	det_poss:the:his	3160
Clemens tweaked the hamstring while running Thursday .	Clemens tweaked his hamstring while running Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	3161
At least that is been the experience .	At least that is been my experience .	det_poss:the:my	3162
" " The death was a mistake .	" " His death was a mistake .	det_poss:the:his	3163
When you explain the situation , ask for help .	When you explain your situation , ask for help .	det_poss:the:your	3164
The heart is full of many things to say to you - Ah !	My heart is full of many things to say to you - Ah !	det_poss:the:my	3165
The guys then had to go through the process of winning it again .	Our guys then had to go through the process of winning it again .	det_poss:the:our	3166
He found Yoder in the flat after scrambling to the right amid pursuit .	He found Yoder in the flat after scrambling to his right amid pursuit .	det_poss:the:his	3167
But we have to work the way through all of that .	But we have to work our way through all of that .	det_poss:the:our	3168
I thank the friend , Emilio Estefan , who has provided the entertainment .	I thank my friend , Emilio Estefan , who has provided the entertainment .	det_poss:the:my	3169
There is the money , of course .	There is his money , of course .	det_poss:the:his	3170
10 to oppose the president 's attempt to extend the rule .	10 to oppose the president 's attempt to extend his rule .	det_poss:the:his	3171
The cat and I live with my girlfriend , by the way .	My cat and I live with my girlfriend , by the way .	det_poss:the:my	3172
Her teenage sister , Hannah , is looking forward to seeing the grandparents .	Her teenage sister , Hannah , is looking forward to seeing her grandparents .	det_poss:the:her	3173
You have nothing to lose but the supply chains .	You have nothing to lose but your supply chains .	det_poss:the:your	3174
The Shah dynasty has ruled Nepal for two centuries .	His Shah dynasty has ruled Nepal for two centuries .	det_poss:the:his	3175
The intention throughout was to have sexual intercourse with them .	My intention throughout was to have sexual intercourse with them .	det_poss:the:my	3176
Jean never stopped telling the friends and carers that she had family .	Jean never stopped telling her friends and carers that she had family .	det_poss:the:her	3177
He had married the sweetheart Florence in June 1917 .	He had married his sweetheart Florence in June 1917 .	det_poss:the:his	3178
For the part , Mr. Stamper defended plans for a new private bridge .	For his part , Mr. Stamper defended plans for a new private bridge .	det_poss:the:his	3179
I shake the head .	I shake my head .	det_poss:the:my	3180
He is making plays with the arm , too .	He is making plays with his arm , too .	det_poss:the:his	3181
The tactics do not scare me anymore .	His tactics do not scare me anymore .	det_poss:the:his	3182
But the hamstring cramps up and she is down for the moment .	But her hamstring cramps up and she is down for the moment .	det_poss:the:her	3183
, and regularly proofread the manuscripts .	, and regularly proofread his manuscripts .	det_poss:the:his	3184
Why are the daughters dead ?	Why are my daughters dead ?	det_poss:the:my	3185
We review the lives and think , if only .	We review our lives and think , if only .	det_poss:the:our	3186
Q Kensington : I have remodeled everything in the house except the kitchen .	Q Kensington : I have remodeled everything in my house except the kitchen .	det_poss:the:my	3187
Two Air Force officers came to the door and handed him an envelope .	Two Air Force officers came to his door and handed him an envelope .	det_poss:the:his	3188
" The doctor laughed at me , " Trezise said .	" My doctor laughed at me , " Trezise said .	det_poss:the:my	3189
Bobbi Brown started the beauty label with ten lipsticks .	Bobbi Brown started her beauty label with ten lipsticks .	det_poss:the:her	3190
He seemed to lose the confidence of some of the players .	He seemed to lose the confidence of some of his players .	det_poss:the:his	3191
" The role would define itself , " he said .	" Her role would define itself , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	3192
If you include them gradually and regularly , the body will adjust fine .	If you include them gradually and regularly , your body will adjust fine .	det_poss:the:your	3193
No matter what , I am not getting the arm back .	No matter what , I am not getting my arm back .	det_poss:the:my	3194
What are the views on cremation ?	What are your views on cremation ?	det_poss:the:your	3195
Bashar succeeded the Hafez al-Assad as president of Syria in 2000 .	Bashar succeeded his Hafez al-Assad as president of Syria in 2000 .	det_poss:the:his	3196
Anything to get that " Wonderland " song out of the head .	Anything to get that " Wonderland " song out of my head .	det_poss:the:my	3197
I want to finish the career in New York .	I want to finish my career in New York .	det_poss:the:my	3198
It is the inside of the heart that needs God .	It is the inside of my heart that needs God .	det_poss:the:my	3199
It is like someone is constantly tugging at the sleeve .	It is like someone is constantly tugging at your sleeve .	det_poss:the:your	3200
That was not like the Danny .	That was not like my Danny .	det_poss:the:my	3201
The death was announced by his publisher .	His death was announced by his publisher .	det_poss:the:his	3202
Even some of the players were not necessarily believers .	Even some of his players were not necessarily believers .	det_poss:the:his	3203
" Ryan said the way he reacts is by " grabbing the throat .	" Ryan said the way he reacts is by " grabbing his throat .	det_poss:the:his	3204
Insurgents attacked the vehicle with a bomb and small-arms fire in Baghdad .	Insurgents attacked his vehicle with a bomb and small-arms fire in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	3205
Insulin becomes the enemy .	Insulin becomes your enemy .	det_poss:the:your	3206
The answers on abortion , in particular , have upset some .	His answers on abortion , in particular , have upset some .	det_poss:the:his	3207
Reed has defended the spending as perfectly legal .	Reed has defended his spending as perfectly legal .	det_poss:the:his	3208
Sparling , the assistant was there .	Sparling , his assistant was there .	det_poss:the:his	3209
Chicago Bishop William Persell plans to resign after the successor is consecrated .	Chicago Bishop William Persell plans to resign after his successor is consecrated .	det_poss:the:his	3210
Protecting the skin from the sun 's damaging rays is crucial .	Protecting your skin from the sun 's damaging rays is crucial .	det_poss:the:your	3211
Brownback is expected to announce the withdrawal in Topeka , Kan .	Brownback is expected to announce his withdrawal in Topeka , Kan .	det_poss:the:his	3212
The Dalai Lama is greeted upon the arrival in Washington Monday .	The Dalai Lama is greeted upon his arrival in Washington Monday .	det_poss:the:his	3213
Angeles Pedraza lost the daughter Miriam .	Angeles Pedraza lost her daughter Miriam .	det_poss:the:her	3214
The identity was not released ; no police charges were filed .	His identity was not released ; no police charges were filed .	det_poss:the:his	3215
Spenser admitted he was out of the cabin that night .	Spenser admitted he was out of his cabin that night .	det_poss:the:his	3216
They adjusted the weight of the racket , for one .	They adjusted the weight of her racket , for one .	det_poss:the:her	3217
Leahy indicated the meeting had largely put that issue to rest .	Leahy indicated his meeting had largely put that issue to rest .	det_poss:the:his	3218
I was the helper .	I was her helper .	det_poss:the:her	3219
She is currently working on a book about the life .	She is currently working on a book about her life .	det_poss:the:her	3220
But it is not in the long-term best interests of the franchise .	But it is not in the long-term best interests of our franchise .	det_poss:the:our	3221
They agreed that the Coalition faces formidable challenges .	They agreed that our Coalition faces formidable challenges .	det_poss:the:our	3222
The figures seem to exist in a space between two and three dimensions .	His figures seem to exist in a space between two and three dimensions .	det_poss:the:his	3223
The period of dominance was brilliant yet brief .	Her period of dominance was brilliant yet brief .	det_poss:the:her	3224
Eighteen years ago , when John Eisenhower opened the Scottsdale , Ariz .	Eighteen years ago , when John Eisenhower opened his Scottsdale , Ariz .	det_poss:the:his	3225
He grabs a soft drink and shuffles the papers .	He grabs a soft drink and shuffles his papers .	det_poss:the:his	3226
There is more : the colour of the grundies is deeply meaningful .	There is more : the colour of your grundies is deeply meaningful .	det_poss:the:your	3227
Playing there has always been the aim .	Playing there has always been my aim .	det_poss:the:my	3228
Have you changed the views ?	Have you changed your views ?	det_poss:the:your	3229
Dreams can do that and they can also fill gaps in the work .	Dreams can do that and they can also fill gaps in our work .	det_poss:the:our	3230
A huge orange caterpillar falls from a branch onto the shirt .	A huge orange caterpillar falls from a branch onto my shirt .	det_poss:the:my	3231
By the time I reached the mid-thirties , I could not stand it .	By the time I reached my mid-thirties , I could not stand it .	det_poss:the:my	3232
He will continue the long-shot bid for the White House .	He will continue his long-shot bid for the White House .	det_poss:the:his	3233
McCain noted the rivals do not support drug reimportation programs .	McCain noted his rivals do not support drug reimportation programs .	det_poss:the:his	3234
Costas Skandalidis , a socialist leader , said the party had lost .	Costas Skandalidis , a socialist leader , said his party had lost .	det_poss:the:his	3235
The seizure of Kuwait threw the Middle East into crisis .	His seizure of Kuwait threw the Middle East into crisis .	det_poss:the:his	3236
Last year , he finished the master 's degree .	Last year , he finished his master 's degree .	det_poss:the:his	3237
What does this new all-or-nothing ethos mean to the society ?	What does this new all-or-nothing ethos mean to our society ?	det_poss:the:our	3238
Want to buy them for the iPod ?	Want to buy them for your iPod ?	det_poss:the:your	3239
The ambition remains to play an active role in Arsenal again .	My ambition remains to play an active role in Arsenal again .	det_poss:the:my	3240
Having trouble persuading the child to eat broccoli or spinach ?	Having trouble persuading your child to eat broccoli or spinach ?	det_poss:the:your	3241
When I returned to the room , I flopped down in exhaustion .	When I returned to my room , I flopped down in exhaustion .	det_poss:the:my	3242
The agency was sent thousands of children by the city .	His agency was sent thousands of children by the city .	det_poss:the:his	3243
Keep the hands busy Her daughter discovered the body .	Keep your hands busy Her daughter discovered the body .	det_poss:the:your	3244
" " It is not the place to feel bad for them .	" " It is not my place to feel bad for them .	det_poss:the:my	3245
Taveras was 7-for-17 in the career against Webb , a .412 batting average .	Taveras was 7-for-17 in his career against Webb , a .412 batting average .	det_poss:the:his	3246
Despite the motivation , Ndeti could not overcome Itati 's lead .	Despite his motivation , Ndeti could not overcome Itati 's lead .	det_poss:the:his	3247
Try to tell the story in five short sentences .	Try to tell your story in five short sentences .	det_poss:the:your	3248
Knowing the stakes , Snow was positively bullish during the remarks .	Knowing the stakes , Snow was positively bullish during his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	3249
It was the 100th home run of the career .	It was the 100th home run of his career .	det_poss:the:his	3250
The hair was big in a 1950s style .	Her hair was big in a 1950s style .	det_poss:the:her	3251
Gov. Ghulam Dastagir Azad said the son was among those killed .	Gov. Ghulam Dastagir Azad said his son was among those killed .	det_poss:the:his	3252
That is the way you will get the rest .	That is the way you will get your rest .	det_poss:the:your	3253
I walked out of the job in a large secondary comprehensive last week .	I walked out of my job in a large secondary comprehensive last week .	det_poss:the:my	3254
But Hélène shook the head and was reluctant to speak .	But Hélène shook her head and was reluctant to speak .	det_poss:the:her	3255
If they are short of funds , what happens to the funds ?	If they are short of funds , what happens to our funds ?	det_poss:the:our	3256
The neighbors remember him as a nice kid .	His neighbors remember him as a nice kid .	det_poss:the:his	3257
Britney done lost the kids .	Britney done lost her kids .	det_poss:the:her	3258
He is paranoid the neighbors will hear us .	He is paranoid our neighbors will hear us .	det_poss:the:our	3259
His dad drove the possessions from Tempe .	His dad drove his possessions from Tempe .	det_poss:the:his	3260
Finally , Santa Clara Valley Medical Center doctors recognized the symptoms .	Finally , Santa Clara Valley Medical Center doctors recognized his symptoms .	det_poss:the:his	3261
But he casts the criticism in a positive way .	But he casts his criticism in a positive way .	det_poss:the:his	3262
The 19-year-old woman was too scared to reveal the name .	The 19-year-old woman was too scared to reveal her name .	det_poss:the:her	3263
He works dutifully in class and faithfully completes the homework every night .	He works dutifully in class and faithfully completes his homework every night .	det_poss:the:his	3264
Globetrotting granny Helen Carter crossed a Himalayan border checkpoint using the bus pass .	Globetrotting granny Helen Carter crossed a Himalayan border checkpoint using her bus pass .	det_poss:the:her	3265
Berri refused to convene parliament after the opposition allies resigned from the government .	Berri refused to convene parliament after his opposition allies resigned from the government .	det_poss:the:his	3266
The grandmother easily trumped him with 16 moves to his eight .	My grandmother easily trumped him with 16 moves to his eight .	det_poss:the:my	3267
Every year , he said , the offer was turned down .	Every year , he said , his offer was turned down .	det_poss:the:his	3268
And John McCain , you missed the chance .	And John McCain , you missed your chance .	det_poss:the:your	3269
At the moment , I am very unresolved in the stance .	At the moment , I am very unresolved in my stance .	det_poss:the:my	3270
She made the debut with " The Grass Is Singing " in 1950 .	She made her debut with " The Grass Is Singing " in 1950 .	det_poss:the:her	3271
" The attitude is , bring it on , " Torres said .	" My attitude is , bring it on , " Torres said .	det_poss:the:my	3272
He left with an oblique injury that will likely end the season .	He left with an oblique injury that will likely end his season .	det_poss:the:his	3273
We are all free , but we still have the language of origin .	We are all free , but we still have our language of origin .	det_poss:the:our	3274
- I gradually began to appreciate the parallels between the discipline and mine .	- I gradually began to appreciate the parallels between his discipline and mine .	det_poss:the:his	3275
No charges had been filed against Williams or the girlfriend .	No charges had been filed against Williams or his girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	3276
The grandson sounds like a pill .	Your grandson sounds like a pill .	det_poss:the:your	3277
The President has angered left-wing teachers ' unions with the reform plans .	The President has angered left-wing teachers ' unions with his reform plans .	det_poss:the:his	3278
Priebe told police that the son was not seriously injured in the fall .	Priebe told police that his son was not seriously injured in the fall .	det_poss:the:his	3279
My husband , myself and the son are all big readers .	My husband , myself and my son are all big readers .	det_poss:the:my	3280
Doctors determined it was a recurrence of the cancer .	Doctors determined it was a recurrence of his cancer .	det_poss:the:his	3281
This is great news for the business .	This is great news for our business .	det_poss:the:our	3282
I call her the stepmom without a second thought .	I call her my stepmom without a second thought .	det_poss:the:my	3283
If you persevere , you will find the way .	If you persevere , you will find your way .	det_poss:the:your	3284
I was afraid I would lose the temper .	I was afraid I would lose my temper .	det_poss:the:my	3285
... McEnroe appeared briefly in the courtroom , then left with the attorney .	... McEnroe appeared briefly in the courtroom , then left with his attorney .	det_poss:the:his	3286
It turned out he had to make a deal to save the life .	It turned out he had to make a deal to save his life .	det_poss:the:his	3287
Build them up , layer upon layer , as the life evolves .	Build them up , layer upon layer , as your life evolves .	det_poss:the:your	3288
The first possibility is that the beloved will love you back .	The first possibility is that your beloved will love you back .	det_poss:the:your	3289
It is the right to do what I am doing .	It is my right to do what I am doing .	det_poss:the:my	3290
He injured the hip on the first one .	He injured his hip on the first one .	det_poss:the:his	3291
What is the reaction to this story ?	What is your reaction to this story ?	det_poss:the:your	3292
" The ban is absolute , " Stern said .	" Our ban is absolute , " Stern said .	det_poss:the:our	3293
Until then , the supporters will keep climbing toward the sky .	Until then , our supporters will keep climbing toward the sky .	det_poss:the:our	3294
They also said Bush appeared to extend the no-tax-increase pledge to other measures .	They also said Bush appeared to extend his no-tax-increase pledge to other measures .	det_poss:the:his	3295
Desperate for clues , two friends gained access to the e-mail account .	Desperate for clues , two friends gained access to his e-mail account .	det_poss:the:his	3296
The board of trustees will conduct a national search for the successor .	The board of trustees will conduct a national search for his successor .	det_poss:the:his	3297
But I think the party has the right answers .	But I think our party has the right answers .	det_poss:the:our	3298
' " The lips turned rosy and he started crying .	' " His lips turned rosy and he started crying .	det_poss:the:his	3299
They do not judge you on the past .	They do not judge you on your past .	det_poss:the:your	3300
But the play seems mechanical .	But her play seems mechanical .	det_poss:the:her	3301
In New Orleans you will see all the rebuilding in the city .	In New Orleans you will see all the rebuilding in our city .	det_poss:the:our	3302
How is the self-esteem ?	How is your self-esteem ?	det_poss:the:your	3303
Lessing made the debut with " The Grass Is Singing " in 1950 .	Lessing made her debut with " The Grass Is Singing " in 1950 .	det_poss:the:her	3304
And once I stepped on the rock , I lost the balance .	And once I stepped on the rock , I lost my balance .	det_poss:the:my	3305
The attorneys said Thursday that he will not fight extradition to California .	His attorneys said Thursday that he will not fight extradition to California .	det_poss:the:his	3306
The show is cracked in two .	Her show is cracked in two .	det_poss:the:her	3307
" I think the problems have been mostly politics , " Galbin said .	" I think his problems have been mostly politics , " Galbin said .	det_poss:the:his	3308
The comrades charge unheedingly .	His comrades charge unheedingly .	det_poss:the:his	3309
The end was nigh !	Our end was nigh !	det_poss:the:our	3310
, said the office was developing evidence that would clear Mr. Oleson .	, said his office was developing evidence that would clear Mr. Oleson .	det_poss:the:his	3311
I felt the guys were kidnapped and held hostage .	I felt our guys were kidnapped and held hostage .	det_poss:the:our	3312
The dream is still alive .	Our dream is still alive .	det_poss:the:our	3313
I have been with the boyfriend for two years .	I have been with my boyfriend for two years .	det_poss:the:my	3314
What is the view about this story ?	What is your view about this story ?	det_poss:the:your	3315
He spoke with the lawyers before the hearing got under way .	He spoke with his lawyers before the hearing got under way .	det_poss:the:his	3316
At Christmas dinner at the friend Lynne 's , the talk was politics .	At Christmas dinner at my friend Lynne 's , the talk was politics .	det_poss:the:my	3317
The van stopped and we got out to stretch the legs .	The van stopped and we got out to stretch our legs .	det_poss:the:our	3318
" " The core businesses are working well .	" " Our core businesses are working well .	det_poss:the:our	3319
" It was the manager 's decision , " Zambrano said .	" It was our manager 's decision , " Zambrano said .	det_poss:the:our	3320
The root of all the problems is electricity .	The root of all his problems is electricity .	det_poss:the:his	3321
So what 's next in the career -- will you carry on forever ?	So what 's next in your career -- will you carry on forever ?	det_poss:the:your	3322
Three out of four judges saved D 'Angelo and the partner .	Three out of four judges saved D 'Angelo and his partner .	det_poss:the:his	3323
I messed up the line one time , and the girl corrected me .	I messed up my line one time , and the girl corrected me .	det_poss:the:my	3324
The elections may now be at risk because of the assassination .	The elections may now be at risk because of her assassination .	det_poss:the:her	3325
But this will be the mission for the new year .	But this will be my mission for the new year .	det_poss:the:my	3326
Weyrich cited this practice in explaining the remarks .	Weyrich cited this practice in explaining his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	3327
He was not concerned with the side , but his .	He was not concerned with my side , but his .	det_poss:the:my	3328
Mr. Pence will retain the role as Chairman of the Board .	Mr. Pence will retain his role as Chairman of the Board .	det_poss:the:his	3329
The supervisor , Abdul Khadar , is not much better off .	His supervisor , Abdul Khadar , is not much better off .	det_poss:the:his	3330
He got the U.S. visa on Friday and is expected to practice Saturday .	He got his U.S. visa on Friday and is expected to practice Saturday .	det_poss:the:his	3331
She said the union endorsement ratifies the efforts to boost the middle class .	She said the union endorsement ratifies her efforts to boost the middle class .	det_poss:the:her	3332
Do you want to set me up with the daughter ?	Do you want to set me up with your daughter ?	det_poss:the:your	3333
But eating more fish allows you to cover the omega 3s as well .	But eating more fish allows you to cover your omega 3s as well .	det_poss:the:your	3334
On the way there Olga asked us to pull off the road .	On our way there Olga asked us to pull off the road .	det_poss:the:our	3335
That is a recipe for disappointment when planning for the retirement years .	That is a recipe for disappointment when planning for your retirement years .	det_poss:the:your	3336
The optimism registered .	His optimism registered .	det_poss:the:his	3337
The comments prompted a furious response from listeners .	Her comments prompted a furious response from listeners .	det_poss:the:her	3338
Ironically , the friend does not smoke - but what a collection .	Ironically , my friend does not smoke - but what a collection .	det_poss:the:my	3339
Ms Jahangir is being held in detention at the home in Lahore .	Ms Jahangir is being held in detention at her home in Lahore .	det_poss:the:her	3340
Mr. Saakashvili has previously been sensitive to the image abroad .	Mr. Saakashvili has previously been sensitive to his image abroad .	det_poss:the:his	3341
We are going to try to get tougher and heavier concerning the enforcement .	We are going to try to get tougher and heavier concerning our enforcement .	det_poss:the:our	3342
" " You do not need potable water to flush the toilet .	" " You do not need potable water to flush your toilet .	det_poss:the:your	3343
Martinez said he quickly put the body armor back on .	Martinez said he quickly put his body armor back on .	det_poss:the:his	3344
That was and is necessary to improve the security .	That was and is necessary to improve our security .	det_poss:the:our	3345
The freshman quarterback was efficient in his first career start .	His freshman quarterback was efficient in his first career start .	det_poss:the:his	3346
He had held the position for two years .	He had held his position for two years .	det_poss:the:his	3347
So from the beginning , the house plans included an in-law suite .	So from the beginning , our house plans included an in-law suite .	det_poss:the:our	3348
" The truck 's got a lot more power , " he says .	" My truck 's got a lot more power , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	3349
Are the test results consistent with the child 's performance in the classroom ?	Are the test results consistent with my child 's performance in the classroom ?	det_poss:the:my	3350
Oraha said , shaking the head .	Oraha said , shaking his head .	det_poss:the:his	3351
It is there in the notebook .	It is there in my notebook .	det_poss:the:my	3352
He is sharing the experience through this regularly updated online diary .	He is sharing his experience through this regularly updated online diary .	det_poss:the:his	3353
He keeps the team in the game .	He keeps his team in the game .	det_poss:the:his	3354
Didn 't the candidate need to crank up the volume against Hillary ?	Didn 't his candidate need to crank up the volume against Hillary ?	det_poss:the:his	3355
Owen asked the privacy be respected and we intend to honor that .	Owen asked his privacy be respected and we intend to honor that .	det_poss:the:his	3356
The remarks were obtained by The Associated Press .	His remarks were obtained by The Associated Press .	det_poss:the:his	3357
Instead , she sat in the chair , having soiled herself .	Instead , she sat in her chair , having soiled herself .	det_poss:the:her	3358
And she planned to help the boyfriend 's mother with all the cooking .	And she planned to help her boyfriend 's mother with all the cooking .	det_poss:the:her	3359
Think it is stressful traveling with the children ?	Think it is stressful traveling with your children ?	det_poss:the:your	3360
Ramos was delighted but still saw ways for the team to improve .	Ramos was delighted but still saw ways for his team to improve .	det_poss:the:his	3361
I love the country .	I love my country .	det_poss:the:my	3362
The last of the letter , would you read what I wrote ?	The last of my letter , would you read what I wrote ?	det_poss:the:my	3363
Wear jewelry that is in proportion to the body .	Wear jewelry that is in proportion to your body .	det_poss:the:your	3364
He was kneeling on the bed and staring at the neat lawn outside .	He was kneeling on his bed and staring at the neat lawn outside .	det_poss:the:his	3365
It landed at the feet just as the doors closed !	It landed at my feet just as the doors closed !	det_poss:the:my	3366
Teacher Troy Mansfield had cultivated her since she was in the third-grade class .	Teacher Troy Mansfield had cultivated her since she was in his third-grade class .	det_poss:the:his	3367
The other skydiver landed safely using the reserve chute , Lewis said .	The other skydiver landed safely using his reserve chute , Lewis said .	det_poss:the:his	3368
The victim discovered the bags were missing on arrival at Newcastle .	The victim discovered her bags were missing on arrival at Newcastle .	det_poss:the:her	3369
Say the job offers a range of 401K options .	Say your job offers a range of 401K options .	det_poss:the:your	3370
What role do traditions play in the lives ?	What role do traditions play in our lives ?	det_poss:the:our	3371
Ms. Haberman , it turns out , shared the vintage-Rockette mania .	Ms. Haberman , it turns out , shared her vintage-Rockette mania .	det_poss:the:her	3372
He believes the input is appreciated .	He believes his input is appreciated .	det_poss:the:his	3373
The influence is immediate , splintering the gang .	His influence is immediate , splintering the gang .	det_poss:the:his	3374
" If I get the price , " he said .	" If I get my price , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	3375
That is the goal .	That is our goal .	det_poss:the:our	3376
A Livingston associate gave $ 500 to the campaign in March .	A Livingston associate gave $ 500 to his campaign in March .	det_poss:the:his	3377
The death was never fully explained .	His death was never fully explained .	det_poss:the:his	3378
29 at the apartment near campus , Oxford Police Chief Mike Martin said .	29 at his apartment near campus , Oxford Police Chief Mike Martin said .	det_poss:the:his	3379
" The costs went way down , " said Mackey .	" Our costs went way down , " said Mackey .	det_poss:the:our	3380
" The fire surrounded the community like a doughnut , " he said .	" The fire surrounded our community like a doughnut , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	3381
Williams converted the try to make it 9-7 .	Williams converted his try to make it 9-7 .	det_poss:the:his	3382
Anyway , have a nice day and send the regards to Caroline .	Anyway , have a nice day and send my regards to Caroline .	det_poss:the:my	3383
That is complete disrespect to the people .	That is complete disrespect to our people .	det_poss:the:our	3384
I am very proud of the heritage .	I am very proud of my heritage .	det_poss:the:my	3385
, recommended that the punishment be served through probation .	, recommended that his punishment be served through probation .	det_poss:the:his	3386
It has been the subject of endless attention in the country .	It has been the subject of endless attention in my country .	det_poss:the:my	3387
He saved the outburst for Lofton .	He saved his outburst for Lofton .	det_poss:the:his	3388
The family is here .	His family is here .	det_poss:the:his	3389
I also carried over the shoulder a bag containing a hidden camera .	I also carried over my shoulder a bag containing a hidden camera .	det_poss:the:my	3390
He served well and returned the serves well and dominated the rallies .	He served well and returned my serves well and dominated the rallies .	det_poss:the:my	3391
Ronaldo was the architect of that effort , breaking from inside the half .	Ronaldo was the architect of that effort , breaking from inside his half .	det_poss:the:his	3392
State the rationale .	State your rationale .	det_poss:the:your	3393
The biceps would serve as perfectly good thighs on a normal person .	His biceps would serve as perfectly good thighs on a normal person .	det_poss:the:his	3394
Jefferson hit all 12 of the attempts from the line .	Jefferson hit all 12 of his attempts from the line .	det_poss:the:his	3395
Australian Opposition Leader Kevin Rudd addresses supporters at the party ?	Australian Opposition Leader Kevin Rudd addresses supporters at his party ?	det_poss:the:his	3396
Johanns , a former Republican Nebraska governor , submitted the resignation Wednesday .	Johanns , a former Republican Nebraska governor , submitted his resignation Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	3397
And he is thinking about insulating the loft .	And he is thinking about insulating his loft .	det_poss:the:his	3398
Next , write a list of the accomplishments since the last evaluation .	Next , write a list of your accomplishments since the last evaluation .	det_poss:the:your	3399
- Would you like the Civil War history seasoned with baseball trivia ?	- Would you like your Civil War history seasoned with baseball trivia ?	det_poss:the:your	3400
The client had arrived .	His client had arrived .	det_poss:the:his	3401
Apparently , so did the ego .	Apparently , so did his ego .	det_poss:the:his	3402
That is what the relations are based on .	That is what our relations are based on .	det_poss:the:our	3403
That is because the son had just turned 13 .	That is because her son had just turned 13 .	det_poss:the:her	3404
LLOYD : And finally , a story in Oklahoma sparked the interest .	LLOYD : And finally , a story in Oklahoma sparked our interest .	det_poss:the:our	3405
In vain I gave the clues about that summer .	In vain I gave her clues about that summer .	det_poss:the:her	3406
The company 's income is drawn from subscriber fees and contracts .	Her company 's income is drawn from subscriber fees and contracts .	det_poss:the:her	3407
The posts were met with an outpouring of comments .	His posts were met with an outpouring of comments .	det_poss:the:his	3408
The vote to authorize the use of force against Iraq in 2002 ?	Her vote to authorize the use of force against Iraq in 2002 ?	det_poss:the:her	3409
The visa , soon to expire , would not be renewed .	His visa , soon to expire , would not be renewed .	det_poss:the:his	3410
And he had made the choice : He wanted to live .	And he had made his choice : He wanted to live .	det_poss:the:his	3411
Williams : I have noted all of the candidates want in on this .	Williams : I have noted all of our candidates want in on this .	det_poss:the:our	3412
He eventually made the way to South Korea in 2006 .	He eventually made his way to South Korea in 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	3413
The crowd are desperate to see him play and so are we .	Our crowd are desperate to see him play and so are we .	det_poss:the:our	3414
Paul had 19 points to go with the assists .	Paul had 19 points to go with his assists .	det_poss:the:his	3415
Now , that very same lawsuit could possibly help Thomas keep the job .	Now , that very same lawsuit could possibly help Thomas keep his job .	det_poss:the:his	3416
Karsnia noted in the report that the man was polite and cooperative .	Karsnia noted in his report that the man was polite and cooperative .	det_poss:the:his	3417
The commissions have diminished , so his income is down .	His commissions have diminished , so his income is down .	det_poss:the:his	3418
But in the culture , such overt borrowing is rare .	But in our culture , such overt borrowing is rare .	det_poss:the:our	3419
Cappuccino said Everett was alert and aware of the extent of the injuries .	Cappuccino said Everett was alert and aware of the extent of his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	3420
The demise seems unlikely to change things .	His demise seems unlikely to change things .	det_poss:the:his	3421
But I laughed through the pain .	But I laughed through my pain .	det_poss:the:my	3422
Dealer , at the left , opens three clubs .	Dealer , at your left , opens three clubs .	det_poss:the:your	3423
On the campaign trail , the origins often arouse curiosity and comment .	On the campaign trail , his origins often arouse curiosity and comment .	det_poss:the:his	3424
" The life is negotiation , " Mr. Cates said .	" Our life is negotiation , " Mr. Cates said .	det_poss:the:our	3425
Even now you should report this to the supervisor or to Human Resources .	Even now you should report this to your supervisor or to Human Resources .	det_poss:the:your	3426
He was primed to last longer and increase the pitch count .	He was primed to last longer and increase his pitch count .	det_poss:the:his	3427
You are going against the community !	You are going against my community !	det_poss:the:my	3428
Both the names are on the title but not on the mortgage .	Both our names are on the title but not on the mortgage .	det_poss:the:our	3429
Milton , he held the cool .	Milton , he held his cool .	det_poss:the:his	3430
" " The view is that a 13-man lift is not big enough .	" " My view is that a 13-man lift is not big enough .	det_poss:the:my	3431
The goal is a career in medical research .	Her goal is a career in medical research .	det_poss:the:her	3432
" Most of the leads come from consumers , " he said .	" Most of our leads come from consumers , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	3433
This is the dream come true .	This is my dream come true .	det_poss:the:my	3434
The team is thrilled to welcome them into the Orion family .	Our team is thrilled to welcome them into the Orion family .	det_poss:the:our	3435
That has to help with the success .	That has to help with his success .	det_poss:the:his	3436
He touched on that theme in the remarks Tuesday night .	He touched on that theme in his remarks Tuesday night .	det_poss:the:his	3437
Mr Gore has the detractors .	Mr Gore has his detractors .	det_poss:the:his	3438
The cause of the difficulties are being rounded up outside .	The cause of his difficulties are being rounded up outside .	det_poss:the:his	3439
Tajbakhsh , 45 , said the case was still under investigation .	Tajbakhsh , 45 , said his case was still under investigation .	det_poss:the:his	3440
A manager at a downtown hotel said the rooms were still fully booked .	A manager at a downtown hotel said his rooms were still fully booked .	det_poss:the:his	3441
Pierce joked to one of the cast buddies .	Pierce joked to one of his cast buddies .	det_poss:the:his	3442
Mr. Thompson showed the teeth .	Mr. Thompson showed his teeth .	det_poss:the:his	3443
The guess is , it is a whole bunch of things .	My guess is , it is a whole bunch of things .	det_poss:the:my	3444
Steinbrenner and the sons , Hank and Hal , agreed .	Steinbrenner and his sons , Hank and Hal , agreed .	det_poss:the:his	3445
For full details , please consult the tax adviser .	For full details , please consult your tax adviser .	det_poss:the:your	3446
That is the responsibility .	That is our responsibility .	det_poss:the:our	3447
She said the party may join other opposition groups in resigning from parliament .	She said her party may join other opposition groups in resigning from parliament .	det_poss:the:her	3448
He said the solution strikes a balance .	He said his solution strikes a balance .	det_poss:the:his	3449
Shafer immediately made it known that the departure was not voluntary .	Shafer immediately made it known that his departure was not voluntary .	det_poss:the:his	3450
LC : Did I glance at the stall ?	LC : Did I glance at your stall ?	det_poss:the:your	3451
It was the birth of the life as a writer .	It was the birth of my life as a writer .	det_poss:the:my	3452
It lands at the feet .	It lands at her feet .	det_poss:the:her	3453
The followers regarded her as Queen Bountiful .	Her followers regarded her as Queen Bountiful .	det_poss:the:her	3454
What have you asked Santa to leave in the stocking ?	What have you asked Santa to leave in your stocking ?	det_poss:the:your	3455
Mrs Regan said she believed Danny knew the death was imminent .	Mrs Regan said she believed Danny knew his death was imminent .	det_poss:the:his	3456
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was deeply saddened by the death .	Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was deeply saddened by her death .	det_poss:the:her	3457
The attorney , Fred Duchardt , had his hand on her shoulder .	Her attorney , Fred Duchardt , had his hand on her shoulder .	det_poss:the:her	3458
This is perhaps the part of Federer that frustrates the opponents most .	This is perhaps the part of Federer that frustrates his opponents most .	det_poss:the:his	3459
" It was the worst day of the life , " he said .	" It was the worst day of my life , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	3460
When police picked up Chambers , the face was covered with scratches .	When police picked up Chambers , his face was covered with scratches .	det_poss:the:his	3461
Mansell still shakes the head at the memory more than two decades on .	Mansell still shakes his head at the memory more than two decades on .	det_poss:the:his	3462
He started laughing and corrected the thinking .	He started laughing and corrected my thinking .	det_poss:the:my	3463
Sam tells the story , from the grand perspective of 18 .	Sam tells his story , from the grand perspective of 18 .	det_poss:the:his	3464
This was the decision .	This was my decision .	det_poss:the:my	3465
He drives the car and stays socially active .	He drives his car and stays socially active .	det_poss:the:his	3466
The Thai wife Sawitree Denny is said to have survived .	His Thai wife Sawitree Denny is said to have survived .	det_poss:the:his	3467
The company 's invention is the equivalent of a personal tour guide .	His company 's invention is the equivalent of a personal tour guide .	det_poss:the:his	3468
But I will allow the injuries to heal first .	But I will allow my injuries to heal first .	det_poss:the:my	3469
Attach an attack-dog publicist to the hip and - presto !	Attach an attack-dog publicist to his hip and - presto !	det_poss:the:his	3470
He said he was happy that Mr. O 'Reilly enjoyed the visit .	He said he was happy that Mr. O 'Reilly enjoyed his visit .	det_poss:the:his	3471
Castro has been lucky in the enemies .	Castro has been lucky in his enemies .	det_poss:the:his	3472
Mud-spattered Elvis Trujillo acclaims the Filly & Mare Sprint victory on Maryfield .	Mud-spattered Elvis Trujillo acclaims his Filly & Mare Sprint victory on Maryfield .	det_poss:the:his	3473
Instead , she emphasized the U.S. commitment to working with the government .	Instead , she emphasized the U.S. commitment to working with his government .	det_poss:the:his	3474
He himself admits that the hope may be misplaced .	He himself admits that his hope may be misplaced .	det_poss:the:his	3475
They were wrong in saying what they said , in the view .	They were wrong in saying what they said , in my view .	det_poss:the:my	3476
The furniture has to look good in the round .	Your furniture has to look good in the round .	det_poss:the:your	3477
He bolted up from the chair , turned away and sobbed .	He bolted up from his chair , turned away and sobbed .	det_poss:the:his	3478
Competition from mail-order pharmacies and larger retailers played a role in the decision .	Competition from mail-order pharmacies and larger retailers played a role in his decision .	det_poss:the:his	3479
The iSi produced delicate carbonation , not to the taste .	The iSi produced delicate carbonation , not to my taste .	det_poss:the:my	3480
The arrival essentially put Abe 's nationalist agenda in the deep-freeze .	His arrival essentially put Abe 's nationalist agenda in the deep-freeze .	det_poss:the:his	3481
The orgone accumulators eventually caught the attention of the FDA .	His orgone accumulators eventually caught the attention of the FDA .	det_poss:the:his	3482
The gap between you and the peer group becomes particularly big .	The gap between you and your peer group becomes particularly big .	det_poss:the:your	3483
FIFA president Sepp Blatter has given the backing to the Brazil candidature .	FIFA president Sepp Blatter has given his backing to the Brazil candidature .	det_poss:the:his	3484
12 , one day after Mr. Sargent closed on the Plaza apartment .	12 , one day after Mr. Sargent closed on his Plaza apartment .	det_poss:the:his	3485
Those red hills , that was the history .	Those red hills , that was our history .	det_poss:the:our	3486
Sharif has called on Musharraf to abandon the efforts to remain in power .	Sharif has called on Musharraf to abandon his efforts to remain in power .	det_poss:the:his	3487
Mabry supplies details like these for every chapter of the subject 's life .	Mabry supplies details like these for every chapter of his subject 's life .	det_poss:the:his	3488
The department chair thinks this is unethical - a cruel and unusual punishment .	My department chair thinks this is unethical - a cruel and unusual punishment .	det_poss:the:my	3489
Reme Johnson , the boyfriend at the time , is black .	Reme Johnson , her boyfriend at the time , is black .	det_poss:the:her	3490
The wealth derives from the property empire her father founded .	Her wealth derives from the property empire her father founded .	det_poss:the:her	3491
By putting the hands together we could achieve a solution to satisfy all .	By putting our hands together we could achieve a solution to satisfy all .	det_poss:the:our	3492
Holyfield 's trainer Ronnie Shields has warned against underestimating the man .	Holyfield 's trainer Ronnie Shields has warned against underestimating his man .	det_poss:the:his	3493
The gun was still in the hand .	The gun was still in his hand .	det_poss:the:his	3494
Ms. Quindlen sold the story to Seventeen .	Ms. Quindlen sold her story to Seventeen .	det_poss:the:her	3495
And the community kicked in , the community here in Nacogdoches .	And the community kicked in , my community here in Nacogdoches .	det_poss:the:my	3496
The trouble was her overdeveloped sense of smell .	Her trouble was her overdeveloped sense of smell .	det_poss:the:her	3497
He had such outsized talent , the appeal reached far beyond opera lovers .	He had such outsized talent , his appeal reached far beyond opera lovers .	det_poss:the:his	3498
Airport Strikes : The experiences and views The Wrong Woman ?	Airport Strikes : Your experiences and views The Wrong Woman ?	det_poss:the:your	3499
-- Give the credit cards to a financially-responsible loved one for safekeeping .	-- Give your credit cards to a financially-responsible loved one for safekeeping .	det_poss:the:your	3500
In the book , those are good people .	In my book , those are good people .	det_poss:the:my	3501
The loyalty is with Benazir because of him .	Our loyalty is with Benazir because of him .	det_poss:the:our	3502
But the handling of her death sparked outrage , too .	But his handling of her death sparked outrage , too .	det_poss:the:his	3503
TUCHMAN : Is it hard to keep the enthusiasm ?	TUCHMAN : Is it hard to keep your enthusiasm ?	det_poss:the:your	3504
He , like the boss President Musharraf , has been targeted by terrorists .	He , like his boss President Musharraf , has been targeted by terrorists .	det_poss:the:his	3505
Instead , he opened the trunk and forced the inside .	Instead , he opened the trunk and forced her inside .	det_poss:the:her	3506
The tenure may still be a short one .	His tenure may still be a short one .	det_poss:the:his	3507
How much do volatility in the markets play into the consideration ?	How much do volatility in the markets play into your consideration ?	det_poss:the:your	3508
Kids , How Do You Manage The Asthma ?	Kids , How Do You Manage Your Asthma ?	det_poss:the:your	3509
The friend referred to 1930 as the point of departure for this development .	Our friend referred to 1930 as the point of departure for this development .	det_poss:the:our	3510
His wife divorced him after the arrest .	His wife divorced him after his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	3511
The report appears in October 's issue of the medical journal Pediatrics .	His report appears in October 's issue of the medical journal Pediatrics .	det_poss:the:his	3512
I was a co-chair of the campaign on Capitol Hill .	I was a co-chair of his campaign on Capitol Hill .	det_poss:the:his	3513
I am going to suck the blood .	I am going to suck your blood .	det_poss:the:your	3514
What is the view of the NFL 's actions ?	What is your view of the NFL 's actions ?	det_poss:the:your	3515
Leavitt said the blogging experience has so far been positive .	Leavitt said his blogging experience has so far been positive .	det_poss:the:his	3516
Gambari also met with junta leader Senior Gen. Than Shwe and the deputies .	Gambari also met with junta leader Senior Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies .	det_poss:the:his	3517
It is probably the kids pushing him to do that .	It is probably his kids pushing him to do that .	det_poss:the:his	3518
The purpose now is to go out and share my story .	My purpose now is to go out and share my story .	det_poss:the:my	3519
The motto was : Good science and good sense .	Her motto was : Good science and good sense .	det_poss:the:her	3520
The contract expires at year 's end .	His contract expires at year 's end .	det_poss:the:his	3521
The son Philip was born on 22 December in 1979 .	My son Philip was born on 22 December in 1979 .	det_poss:the:my	3522
On The Net : Don 't risk unpopularity simply because of the company .	On The Net : Don 't risk unpopularity simply because of your company .	det_poss:the:your	3523
Heck , YOU did not even know about the knee .	Heck , YOU did not even know about your knee .	det_poss:the:your	3524
The wrists and ankles were chained together .	My wrists and ankles were chained together .	det_poss:the:my	3525
And who cares if he does not get along with the kids ?	And who cares if he does not get along with his kids ?	det_poss:the:his	3526
For Giuliani , the appearances at the racetrack have offered obvious tactical advantages .	For Giuliani , his appearances at the racetrack have offered obvious tactical advantages .	det_poss:the:his	3527
The objective is to deliver on-time , every time , anytime , anywhere .	Our objective is to deliver on-time , every time , anytime , anywhere .	det_poss:the:our	3528
The colleagues are not buying it .	My colleagues are not buying it .	det_poss:the:my	3529
May believed in the product .	May believed in his product .	det_poss:the:his	3530
The emphasis has been to create value for our shareholders in each case .	Our emphasis has been to create value for our shareholders in each case .	det_poss:the:our	3531
" The indication was they were interested in Ricky , " Steinberg said .	" His indication was they were interested in Ricky , " Steinberg said .	det_poss:the:his	3532
Even Darth Vader saw the run come to an end .	Even Darth Vader saw his run come to an end .	det_poss:the:his	3533
And I am well on the way to accomplishing it .	And I am well on my way to accomplishing it .	det_poss:the:my	3534
Know and reduce the risk of osteoporosis .	Know and reduce your risk of osteoporosis .	det_poss:the:your	3535
Some of the friends from those days are still in the league .	Some of his friends from those days are still in the league .	det_poss:the:his	3536
The friend will recognize that sometimes two is a crowd .	Your friend will recognize that sometimes two is a crowd .	det_poss:the:your	3537
But the group has saved its sharpest tactics for BET 's Lee .	But his group has saved its sharpest tactics for BET 's Lee .	det_poss:the:his	3538
Wayne Johnson said he found the bull in the yard Friday morning .	Wayne Johnson said he found the bull in his yard Friday morning .	det_poss:the:his	3539
Boyd is not the first player to complain the disability claims were denied .	Boyd is not the first player to complain his disability claims were denied .	det_poss:the:his	3540
Newell created a Facebook page in the friend 's memory .	Newell created a Facebook page in his friend 's memory .	det_poss:the:his	3541
She did not reach the jail cell .	She did not reach her jail cell .	det_poss:the:her	3542
15 and threw the batting helmet toward home after he reached the dugout .	15 and threw his batting helmet toward home after he reached the dugout .	det_poss:the:his	3543
Katherine Heigl has every reason to smile for the camera .	Katherine Heigl has every reason to smile for our camera .	det_poss:the:our	3544
Defense attorney Wally Bugden said the judge released the documents without the knowledge .	Defense attorney Wally Bugden said the judge released the documents without his knowledge .	det_poss:the:his	3545
I think the concern has always been and always will be about them .	I think our concern has always been and always will be about them .	det_poss:the:our	3546
Candy 's protests rang in the ears as they lunged forward .	Candy 's protests rang in her ears as they lunged forward .	det_poss:the:her	3547
The neurosurgery resident on call was looking over the shoulder .	The neurosurgery resident on call was looking over my shoulder .	det_poss:the:my	3548
Even Lozano voted against the project , saying the opposition changed the mind .	Even Lozano voted against the project , saying the opposition changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	3549
It is not about achieving the dreams .	It is not about achieving your dreams .	det_poss:the:your	3550
The words were polite , his tone weary .	His words were polite , his tone weary .	det_poss:the:his	3551
That led to a staff purge and talk that the bid was doomed .	That led to a staff purge and talk that his bid was doomed .	det_poss:the:his	3552
Landlord tied up during pub raid She closed the eyes .	Landlord tied up during pub raid She closed her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	3553
She was the guardian , friend and protector .	She was our guardian , friend and protector .	det_poss:the:our	3554
Some lashed out at the critics .	Some lashed out at her critics .	det_poss:the:her	3555
The defense lawyers told them to hold out hope for a successful appeal .	His defense lawyers told them to hold out hope for a successful appeal .	det_poss:the:his	3556
The speech was released in Washington Wednesday .	His speech was released in Washington Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	3557
She was separated from the boyfriend and has not seen him since .	She was separated from her boyfriend and has not seen him since .	det_poss:the:her	3558
Hart also had mixed success with the coaching hires .	Hart also had mixed success with his coaching hires .	det_poss:the:his	3559
" You 've spent the life as a comedian , " says Hill .	" You 've spent your life as a comedian , " says Hill .	det_poss:the:your	3560
I managed to send myself to school and pay for the exams .	I managed to send myself to school and pay for my exams .	det_poss:the:my	3561
I am at the end of the rope .	I am at the end of my rope .	det_poss:the:my	3562
The siege must be numbered among the things that have been .	Our siege must be numbered among the things that have been .	det_poss:the:our	3563
The release would be extremely politically charged given the brutality of the killings .	His release would be extremely politically charged given the brutality of the killings .	det_poss:the:his	3564
At the moment the central administration in Afghanistan is also under the command .	At the moment the central administration in Afghanistan is also under our command .	det_poss:the:our	3565
America is the friend .	America is our friend .	det_poss:the:our	3566
Ms. Waldman also used Facebook in the volunteer work .	Ms. Waldman also used Facebook in her volunteer work .	det_poss:the:her	3567
As they pulled away , he coolly held the gaze .	As they pulled away , he coolly held my gaze .	det_poss:the:my	3568
Unlike robots , we adapt to the environment in real time .	Unlike robots , we adapt to our environment in real time .	det_poss:the:our	3569
She already sometimes bends the spine in an unnatural curve .	She already sometimes bends her spine in an unnatural curve .	det_poss:the:her	3570
Is it getting in the way of the life ?	Is it getting in the way of my life ?	det_poss:the:my	3571
We lit a candle and finished the meal .	We lit a candle and finished our meal .	det_poss:the:our	3572
What are the thoughts and feelings regarding this event ?	What are your thoughts and feelings regarding this event ?	det_poss:the:your	3573
Nicklaus is a hands-off captain who lets the players be themselves .	Nicklaus is a hands-off captain who lets his players be themselves .	det_poss:the:his	3574
Aug. 27 : Gonzales announces the resignation and Bush publicly accepts .	Aug. 27 : Gonzales announces his resignation and Bush publicly accepts .	det_poss:the:his	3575
Our gross margin equals the sum of the segment gross margins .	Our gross margin equals the sum of our segment gross margins .	det_poss:the:our	3576
The Manhattan club CBGB was birthplace of punk rock .	His Manhattan club CBGB was birthplace of punk rock .	det_poss:the:his	3577
" " I tell the person the story .	" " I tell the person my story .	det_poss:the:my	3578
Teach debate in high school The organisation wants to see the system reformed .	Teach debate in high school His organisation wants to see the system reformed .	det_poss:the:his	3579
The rule is characterised by a fuedal and isolationist approach .	His rule is characterised by a fuedal and isolationist approach .	det_poss:the:his	3580
She figured she had the bases covered .	She figured she had her bases covered .	det_poss:the:her	3581
But the critics were not giving any ground .	But his critics were not giving any ground .	det_poss:the:his	3582
He did not respond to messages left by SI.com with the publicist .	He did not respond to messages left by SI.com with his publicist .	det_poss:the:his	3583
Charles Edward Stuart filled the life with many interests and occupations .	Charles Edward Stuart filled his life with many interests and occupations .	det_poss:the:his	3584
He really put in the mind that is what I wanted to do .	He really put in my mind that is what I wanted to do .	det_poss:the:my	3585
When police raided the home , they found home-made sex toys .	When police raided his home , they found home-made sex toys .	det_poss:the:his	3586
He was fired by the firm , which had just gone under .	He was fired by his firm , which had just gone under .	det_poss:the:his	3587
Driving home , I went back over the talk in the mind .	Driving home , I went back over the talk in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	3588
, immediately contacted the customers who would be affected .	, immediately contacted her customers who would be affected .	det_poss:the:her	3589
Mr Thompson , a late entry , has seen the campaign falter .	Mr Thompson , a late entry , has seen his campaign falter .	det_poss:the:his	3590
He asked me how the Michigan team could have lost to Wisconsin .	He asked me how my Michigan team could have lost to Wisconsin .	det_poss:the:my	3591
At every point the pictures were informed by words .	At every point his pictures were informed by words .	det_poss:the:his	3592
The standing in the world has suffered from more than Iraq .	Our standing in the world has suffered from more than Iraq .	det_poss:the:our	3593
The term expired at the end of 2004 .	His term expired at the end of 2004 .	det_poss:the:his	3594
Some signal the brain that the stomach is getting full .	Some signal the brain that your stomach is getting full .	det_poss:the:your	3595
These days I find the mind playing a morbid game .	These days I find my mind playing a morbid game .	det_poss:the:my	3596
This fear lasted all the life .	This fear lasted all my life .	det_poss:the:my	3597
This experience motivated the decision to study architecture at Kyoto University .	This experience motivated his decision to study architecture at Kyoto University .	det_poss:the:his	3598
The driver keeps a notebook hidden under newspapers on the dashboard .	The driver keeps a notebook hidden under newspapers on his dashboard .	det_poss:the:his	3599
The life has changed , but I am still a little bit wobbly .	My life has changed , but I am still a little bit wobbly .	det_poss:the:my	3600
You should travel sometime and take the sarcasm with you .	You should travel sometime and take your sarcasm with you .	det_poss:the:your	3601
Piniella said he trusted the bullpen to take over .	Piniella said he trusted his bullpen to take over .	det_poss:the:his	3602
And the amount she has wasted putting cocaine up the nose is disgusting .	And the amount she has wasted putting cocaine up her nose is disgusting .	det_poss:the:her	3603
Ozawa said he would step down but retracted the offer two days later .	Ozawa said he would step down but retracted his offer two days later .	det_poss:the:his	3604
She notes the dirty cornstalks in the office .	She notes the dirty cornstalks in her office .	det_poss:the:her	3605
It remains to be seen who is coming to the state .	It remains to be seen who is coming to our state .	det_poss:the:our	3606
The help comes at a cost .	Her help comes at a cost .	det_poss:the:her	3607
The character was ill-conceived for a CSI professional and was often extremely irritating .	Her character was ill-conceived for a CSI professional and was often extremely irritating .	det_poss:the:her	3608
But classmates said they had recently noticed changes in the personality .	But classmates said they had recently noticed changes in his personality .	det_poss:the:his	3609
His chief means was the influence over redistricting .	His chief means was his influence over redistricting .	det_poss:the:his	3610
The self-esteem plummeted and I wondered if things would ever get better .	My self-esteem plummeted and I wondered if things would ever get better .	det_poss:the:my	3611
I asked the daughter to bring me the camera .	I asked my daughter to bring me the camera .	det_poss:the:my	3612
The concerns are echoed by many traders across the town .	Her concerns are echoed by many traders across the town .	det_poss:the:her	3613
Santi wowed us , displaying a deft touch in all of the dishes .	Santi wowed us , displaying a deft touch in all of his dishes .	det_poss:the:his	3614
The love , will it ?	My love , will it ?	det_poss:the:my	3615
Customs officials declined to comment on the case .	Customs officials declined to comment on his case .	det_poss:the:his	3616
We plan on going about the day as usual .	We plan on going about our day as usual .	det_poss:the:our	3617
Michael Jackson knows the reputation as a freak -- but just ignores it .	Michael Jackson knows his reputation as a freak -- but just ignores it .	det_poss:the:his	3618
He said the statistics relied upon reports of casualties being sent to him .	He said his statistics relied upon reports of casualties being sent to him .	det_poss:the:his	3619
Ponder the direction in life .	Ponder your direction in life .	det_poss:the:your	3620
ANSWER : You should set the sights no higher than game .	ANSWER : You should set your sights no higher than game .	det_poss:the:your	3621
When they think of Kerouac , they think of the books .	When they think of Kerouac , they think of his books .	det_poss:the:his	3622
THOMPSON : I would like to say you have to strengthen the military .	THOMPSON : I would like to say you have to strengthen your military .	det_poss:the:your	3623
The remarks were in a Voice of America interview .	Her remarks were in a Voice of America interview .	det_poss:the:her	3624
I have always played for the country .	I have always played for my country .	det_poss:the:my	3625
Where can you take in a yoga class during the lunch hour ?	Where can you take in a yoga class during your lunch hour ?	det_poss:the:your	3626
" " What is the take on this ?	" " What is your take on this ?	det_poss:the:your	3627
Sundin upped the career total to 528 goals .	Sundin upped his career total to 528 goals .	det_poss:the:his	3628
We pack up the gear and head to lunch .	We pack up our gear and head to lunch .	det_poss:the:our	3629
" This is not about the campaign , " he said .	" This is not about my campaign , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	3630
And that window , in the judgment , is vanishing .	And that window , in my judgment , is vanishing .	det_poss:the:my	3631
Dunn said she was embarrassed and would hide behind the hair .	Dunn said she was embarrassed and would hide behind her hair .	det_poss:the:her	3632
A convicted paedophile was jailed for life yesterday for killing the girlfriend .	A convicted paedophile was jailed for life yesterday for killing his girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	3633
So , on the way to class , I would run and shout .	So , on my way to class , I would run and shout .	det_poss:the:my	3634
McGrady said he momentarily lost feeling in the fingers .	McGrady said he momentarily lost feeling in his fingers .	det_poss:the:his	3635
The work with this adventurous ensemble gave him a secure home base .	His work with this adventurous ensemble gave him a secure home base .	det_poss:the:his	3636
I could sell the story right now .	I could sell my story right now .	det_poss:the:my	3637
The daughter , Courtney , eight , has severe asthma .	Her daughter , Courtney , eight , has severe asthma .	det_poss:the:her	3638
I think she is being manipulative and taking advantage of the friendship .	I think she is being manipulative and taking advantage of our friendship .	det_poss:the:our	3639
Like Obama , Edwards urges the audiences to join him on a mission .	Like Obama , Edwards urges his audiences to join him on a mission .	det_poss:the:his	3640
" The behavior would change dramatically , " he said .	" Our behavior would change dramatically , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	3641
NEWSWEEK : Did you meet the man of the dreams ?	NEWSWEEK : Did you meet the man of your dreams ?	det_poss:the:your	3642
I would like you to come and see the reality .	I would like you to come and see our reality .	det_poss:the:our	3643
Get the sleep .	Get your sleep .	det_poss:the:your	3644
It clocks in at No. 13 on the survey .	It clocks in at No. 13 on our survey .	det_poss:the:our	3645
The throat felt dry .	Her throat felt dry .	det_poss:the:her	3646
He had left the cellphone behind .	He had left his cellphone behind .	det_poss:the:his	3647
In any case , he was allowed to return to the villa Wednesday .	In any case , he was allowed to return to his villa Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	3648
We actually do not want the kids to learn football .	We actually do not want our kids to learn football .	det_poss:the:our	3649
" The defense is my main focus , " he said .	" My defense is my main focus , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	3650
In a statement , Combs ' attorney denied any wrongdoing by the client .	In a statement , Combs ' attorney denied any wrongdoing by his client .	det_poss:the:his	3651
The words were clearly carefully considered .	His words were clearly carefully considered .	det_poss:the:his	3652
Maybe the unconscious realizes you do not have time for buyer 's remorse .	Maybe your unconscious realizes you do not have time for buyer 's remorse .	det_poss:the:your	3653
Mr Cameron , however , believes he has some aces up the sleeve .	Mr Cameron , however , believes he has some aces up his sleeve .	det_poss:the:his	3654
The daughter handles her money well .	My daughter handles her money well .	det_poss:the:my	3655
" We need to look beyond the borders , " she said .	" We need to look beyond our borders , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	3656
I intended to cause the death , which I did .	I intended to cause her death , which I did .	det_poss:the:her	3657
Thank you for being a part of the journey .	Thank you for being a part of my journey .	det_poss:the:my	3658
" The economy is booming , " Callahan said .	" Our economy is booming , " Callahan said .	det_poss:the:our	3659
He immediately towed the car to the friend 's shop .	He immediately towed the car to his friend 's shop .	det_poss:the:his	3660
Hamill 's assessment of the success in a legal fight is largely accurate .	Hamill 's assessment of his success in a legal fight is largely accurate .	det_poss:the:his	3661
The death is extraordinary .	His death is extraordinary .	det_poss:the:his	3662
The inspiration was sometimes all that kept exhausted men plodding on .	Her inspiration was sometimes all that kept exhausted men plodding on .	det_poss:the:her	3663
All that school has not stopped me from enjoying the weekends either .	All that school has not stopped me from enjoying my weekends either .	det_poss:the:my	3664
" " This has exceeded the expectations .	" " This has exceeded my expectations .	det_poss:the:my	3665
The grandfather was partial to brim and bass .	My grandfather was partial to brim and bass .	det_poss:the:my	3666
Mr. Zhao has strongly maintained the innocence .	Mr. Zhao has strongly maintained his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	3667
The goal is to translate America 's obsession into the world 's passion .	Our goal is to translate America 's obsession into the world 's passion .	det_poss:the:our	3668
He dismissed suggestions that she was delaying because of fears for the security .	He dismissed suggestions that she was delaying because of fears for her security .	det_poss:the:her	3669
She was 48 , and died in the sleep of a heart attack .	She was 48 , and died in her sleep of a heart attack .	det_poss:the:her	3670
I illustrate the dreams .	I illustrate my dreams .	det_poss:the:my	3671
Except for my 20-month-old , who hovers around the daddy .	Except for my 20-month-old , who hovers around her daddy .	det_poss:the:her	3672
" I include them in the prayers , " Benedict said .	" I include them in my prayers , " Benedict said .	det_poss:the:my	3673
The people let the Light Group know that their former deal was off .	Her people let the Light Group know that their former deal was off .	det_poss:the:her	3674
GG Bailey car mats are a custom-fit for the vehicle .	GG Bailey car mats are a custom-fit for your vehicle .	det_poss:the:your	3675
One of them looked at the trousers and winced .	One of them looked at my trousers and winced .	det_poss:the:my	3676
When I stripped down the arrangement , the acting started to sparkle .	When I stripped down the arrangement , her acting started to sparkle .	det_poss:the:her	3677
The heart was sour .	My heart was sour .	det_poss:the:my	3678
I packed the bags convinced that there was no return .	I packed my bags convinced that there was no return .	det_poss:the:my	3679
That is the way .	That is my way .	det_poss:the:my	3680
It should be used for the good of the country .	It should be used for the good of our country .	det_poss:the:our	3681
From the description , you did not appear to do anything wrong .	From your description , you did not appear to do anything wrong .	det_poss:the:your	3682
The condition is described as serious but stable , West Mercia Police said .	His condition is described as serious but stable , West Mercia Police said .	det_poss:the:his	3683
For Franchione , the satisfaction will have to come from beating Texas twice .	For Franchione , his satisfaction will have to come from beating Texas twice .	det_poss:the:his	3684
WHAT is the stuff worth ?	WHAT is your stuff worth ?	det_poss:the:your	3685
Tell the legislator what you think .	Tell your legislator what you think .	det_poss:the:your	3686
The friend and her husband have a teenage son .	My friend and her husband have a teenage son .	det_poss:the:my	3687
Archives record the birth and early life .	Archives record his birth and early life .	det_poss:the:his	3688
Where are the friends this weekend ?	Where are my friends this weekend ?	det_poss:the:my	3689
But McAuliffe was not resting on the laurels .	But McAuliffe was not resting on his laurels .	det_poss:the:his	3690
However , he spooned the effort over the bar .	However , he spooned his effort over the bar .	det_poss:the:his	3691
" Music is the therapy , " he says .	" Music is my therapy , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	3692
And that is even before anyone has emissions-tested the reindeer .	And that is even before anyone has emissions-tested his reindeer .	det_poss:the:his	3693
Besides , the mentors were cunning teachers .	Besides , his mentors were cunning teachers .	det_poss:the:his	3694
A zebra was trotting down the driveway .	A zebra was trotting down her driveway .	det_poss:the:her	3695
For the part , Sam denies it all .	For his part , Sam denies it all .	det_poss:the:his	3696
Here is the hint for getting smaller-than-usual toast out of the toaster .	Here is my hint for getting smaller-than-usual toast out of the toaster .	det_poss:the:my	3697
The Idaho Republican 's decision gives the GOP colleagues two unpleasant choices .	The Idaho Republican 's decision gives his GOP colleagues two unpleasant choices .	det_poss:the:his	3698
Start the auction with a low , low starting bid .	Start your auction with a low , low starting bid .	det_poss:the:your	3699
But the words were unsparing .	But his words were unsparing .	det_poss:the:his	3700
id = 1721642007 The young teacher hung the head , avoiding eye contact .	id = 1721642007 The young teacher hung his head , avoiding eye contact .	det_poss:the:his	3701
Enhanced reconditioning operations will mean continuing to provide reliable transportation to the customers .	Enhanced reconditioning operations will mean continuing to provide reliable transportation to our customers .	det_poss:the:our	3702
And I think the voice sounds good here .	And I think my voice sounds good here .	det_poss:the:my	3703
Mr Justice Sullivan quashed the orders but stayed the ruling pending appeal .	Mr Justice Sullivan quashed the orders but stayed his ruling pending appeal .	det_poss:the:his	3704
The brilliant Fabregas then had the say .	The brilliant Fabregas then had his say .	det_poss:the:his	3705
Showing the colours The president was conflicted .	Showing his colours The president was conflicted .	det_poss:the:his	3706
Oh , go ahead ; twist the arm .	Oh , go ahead ; twist my arm .	det_poss:the:my	3707
And I thought , Oh the Lord !	And I thought , Oh my Lord !	det_poss:the:my	3708
Help the daughter make wise choices among the trendy alternatives .	Help your daughter make wise choices among the trendy alternatives .	det_poss:the:your	3709
At Nina 's appointment that week , Doherty and I discussed the options .	At Nina 's appointment that week , Doherty and I discussed my options .	det_poss:the:my	3710
Dr. Ann Gillenwater It is the job to pull us out of this .	Dr. Ann Gillenwater It is my job to pull us out of this .	det_poss:the:my	3711
The partner had left for Germany and taken their four-month-old son with her .	His partner had left for Germany and taken their four-month-old son with her .	det_poss:the:his	3712
How : The cafe 's in crisis ?	How : Your cafe 's in crisis ?	det_poss:the:your	3713
The real problem will come if the partner responds one heart .	The real problem will come if your partner responds one heart .	det_poss:the:your	3714
For more information , please visit www.mirant.com. That would have been the dream .	For more information , please visit www.mirant.com. That would have been my dream .	det_poss:the:my	3715
It is completely destroyed the image .	It is completely destroyed her image .	det_poss:the:her	3716
Everything is the fault because you are stupid , bad , or unworthy .	Everything is your fault because you are stupid , bad , or unworthy .	det_poss:the:your	3717
In 1877 , Thomas Edison announced the invention of the phonograph .	In 1877 , Thomas Edison announced his invention of the phonograph .	det_poss:the:his	3718
She took a picture with the cellphone camera .	She took a picture with her cellphone camera .	det_poss:the:her	3719
Pay attention to changes in color and temperature of the feet .	Pay attention to changes in color and temperature of your feet .	det_poss:the:your	3720
The England side had just been defeated 3-2 by Croatia .	His England side had just been defeated 3-2 by Croatia .	det_poss:the:his	3721
" The son always wanted a used racing car , " he explained .	" My son always wanted a used racing car , " he explained .	det_poss:the:my	3722
The point is on the head .	The point is on your head .	det_poss:the:your	3723
We need to improve the ties with the Islamic world .	We need to improve our ties with the Islamic world .	det_poss:the:our	3724
It is hard to overemphasize corruption , in the opinion .	It is hard to overemphasize corruption , in my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	3725
I continue to do the work every day as before .	I continue to do my work every day as before .	det_poss:the:my	3726
The eyes were puddles of sadness .	Her eyes were puddles of sadness .	det_poss:the:her	3727
" He said the model was Kennedy 's " New Frontier .	" He said his model was Kennedy 's " New Frontier .	det_poss:the:his	3728
The nuns recognised him and he saved the head .	The nuns recognised him and he saved his head .	det_poss:the:his	3729
The vodka supply of 15 bottles among 8 ran out in 24 hours .	Our vodka supply of 15 bottles among 8 ran out in 24 hours .	det_poss:the:our	3730
He was poised , he was patient in the thoughts .	He was poised , he was patient in his thoughts .	det_poss:the:his	3731
The limbs were motionless .	His limbs were motionless .	det_poss:the:his	3732
Yet when the subject turned to the feelings , Girardi was more revealing .	Yet when the subject turned to his feelings , Girardi was more revealing .	det_poss:the:his	3733
" " They have been bullying the son and other kids .	" " They have been bullying my son and other kids .	det_poss:the:my	3734
He said the office remains determined to find out the truth .	He said his office remains determined to find out the truth .	det_poss:the:his	3735
That makes the friend and me feel wiser , but not richer .	That makes my friend and me feel wiser , but not richer .	det_poss:the:my	3736
" " Do you know the heart stopped ?	" " Do you know your heart stopped ?	det_poss:the:your	3737
No evidence was ever found to support the claim .	No evidence was ever found to support his claim .	det_poss:the:his	3738
Filyaw , 37 , could spend the rest of the life in prison .	Filyaw , 37 , could spend the rest of his life in prison .	det_poss:the:his	3739
course is encouraging Lizzie to change the lifestyle .	course is encouraging Lizzie to change her lifestyle .	det_poss:the:her	3740
We hope that the aides are working hard to persuade Syria to attend .	We hope that his aides are working hard to persuade Syria to attend .	det_poss:the:his	3741
This is why he frustrates the advisers .	This is why he frustrates his advisers .	det_poss:the:his	3742
She appeared in those shots with the fist raised .	She appeared in those shots with her fist raised .	det_poss:the:her	3743
The Way by Frank Sinatra - but does not that apply to everyone ?	My Way by Frank Sinatra - but does not that apply to everyone ?	det_poss:the:my	3744
You just put the lips together , and blow .	You just put your lips together , and blow .	det_poss:the:your	3745
Send us videos of the comments and questions by clicking here .	Send us videos of your comments and questions by clicking here .	det_poss:the:your	3746
But authorities found the DNA under the victim 's fingernails .	But authorities found his DNA under the victim 's fingernails .	det_poss:the:his	3747
How does the organization solicit talent ?	How does your organization solicit talent ?	det_poss:the:your	3748
In the imagination Virgil Cole seems always comfortable in the pace of things .	In my imagination Virgil Cole seems always comfortable in the pace of things .	det_poss:the:my	3749
It is the baby now .	It is your baby now .	det_poss:the:your	3750
You can use subversive humor as the delivery mechanism .	You can use subversive humor as your delivery mechanism .	det_poss:the:your	3751
Mr. Novitzky does not tape the interviews but writes detailed reports .	Mr. Novitzky does not tape his interviews but writes detailed reports .	det_poss:the:his	3752
The friends are buried in France , Belgium , Holland .	My friends are buried in France , Belgium , Holland .	det_poss:the:my	3753
He knows nothing else about the man who probably saved the life .	He knows nothing else about the man who probably saved his life .	det_poss:the:his	3754
" " But the issue in drawing up the plan was not race .	" " But the issue in drawing up our plan was not race .	det_poss:the:our	3755
It is just like the psychology experiments , when we experiment with rats .	It is just like our psychology experiments , when we experiment with rats .	det_poss:the:our	3756
By a number of innovative steps - that is for the proposal .	By a number of innovative steps - that is for our proposal .	det_poss:the:our	3757
She has spent a majority of the career working with human services organizations .	She has spent a majority of her career working with human services organizations .	det_poss:the:her	3758
Oh the gosh , we have so much support .	Oh my gosh , we have so much support .	det_poss:the:my	3759
Meeting the orchestra 's payroll shouldn 't be a problem for Bob Brozman .	Meeting his orchestra 's payroll shouldn 't be a problem for Bob Brozman .	det_poss:the:his	3760
The finger-pointing about the death is well underway .	The finger-pointing about her death is well underway .	det_poss:the:her	3761
Rieckoff asked , but Chelsea brushed the question aside .	Rieckoff asked , but Chelsea brushed her question aside .	det_poss:the:her	3762
Mr. Martin expects to complete a vote on the plan on Dec. 18 .	Mr. Martin expects to complete a vote on his plan on Dec. 18 .	det_poss:the:his	3763
What is the take on the presidential race ?	What is your take on the presidential race ?	det_poss:the:your	3764
The service at Verizon spans the years 1984 through 1998 .	His service at Verizon spans the years 1984 through 1998 .	det_poss:the:his	3765
This can only be seen as a step to entrench the dictatorship .	This can only be seen as a step to entrench his dictatorship .	det_poss:the:his	3766
Did the word really count for anything ?	Did his word really count for anything ?	det_poss:the:his	3767
He had all the life before him .	He had all his life before him .	det_poss:the:his	3768
, says J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter fantasy series is the favorite .	, says J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter fantasy series is her favorite .	det_poss:the:her	3769
The sound was so loud that it hurt the ears .	The sound was so loud that it hurt my ears .	det_poss:the:my	3770
A weekend at the beach can restore the equilibrium .	A weekend at the beach can restore your equilibrium .	det_poss:the:your	3771
The time is passing .	My time is passing .	det_poss:the:my	3772
The rivals for the nomination also would criticize the war .	His rivals for the nomination also would criticize the war .	det_poss:the:his	3773
I went to Europe and lived by the wits for about a year .	I went to Europe and lived by my wits for about a year .	det_poss:the:my	3774
Protecting fisheries All the interrogators understand this .	Protecting fisheries All my interrogators understand this .	det_poss:the:my	3775
We love Japan and look forward to the return there .	We love Japan and look forward to our return there .	det_poss:the:our	3776
Sacramento Kings rookie Spencer Hawes made the NBA debut in the second quarter .	Sacramento Kings rookie Spencer Hawes made his NBA debut in the second quarter .	det_poss:the:his	3777
Freeney hurt the foot in Sunday 's loss to San Chargers .	Freeney hurt his foot in Sunday 's loss to San Chargers .	det_poss:the:his	3778
How do you breathe with the head in the sand ?	How do you breathe with your head in the sand ?	det_poss:the:your	3779
Apologised That The Media Have Unrealistically Portrayed The Comments .	Apologised That The Media Have Unrealistically Portrayed His Comments .	det_poss:the:his	3780
The hands are clean , but I guess I cannot speak for everybody .	My hands are clean , but I guess I cannot speak for everybody .	det_poss:the:my	3781
And that is just the nature of how the economy works .	And that is just the nature of how our economy works .	det_poss:the:our	3782
He smashed the racket and broke it on the court .	He smashed his racket and broke it on the court .	det_poss:the:his	3783
She broke the knee and missed two months of work .	She broke her knee and missed two months of work .	det_poss:the:her	3784
Vietor said the campaign will continue , regardless of the showing in Iowa .	Vietor said the campaign will continue , regardless of his showing in Iowa .	det_poss:the:his	3785
Prison changed the perspective on life , people and himself , he said .	Prison changed his perspective on life , people and himself , he said .	det_poss:the:his	3786
He won the Venice Golden Lion award for the work in 2001 .	He won the Venice Golden Lion award for his work in 2001 .	det_poss:the:his	3787
However , she said the ex-husband should not have been alone with Mazza .	However , she said her ex-husband should not have been alone with Mazza .	det_poss:the:her	3788
Roddick dropped the head for the first time .	Roddick dropped his head for the first time .	det_poss:the:his	3789
The Finnish President , Tarja Halonen , also expressed the shock .	The Finnish President , Tarja Halonen , also expressed her shock .	det_poss:the:her	3790
The No. 1 concern about coming over here was my daughter .	My No. 1 concern about coming over here was my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	3791
The doctor suggested I needed to radically reevaluate my life .	My doctor suggested I needed to radically reevaluate my life .	det_poss:the:my	3792
These are the bins .	These are your bins .	det_poss:the:your	3793
When you clean the tank , use the water on the plants .	When you clean the tank , use the water on your plants .	det_poss:the:your	3794
I want the children to grow up to have drive and amibiton .	I want my children to grow up to have drive and amibiton .	det_poss:the:my	3795
He said the jury should have " deep anxiety " about the impartiality .	He said the jury should have " deep anxiety " about his impartiality .	det_poss:the:his	3796
He tested positive for marijuana this April , again delaying the return .	He tested positive for marijuana this April , again delaying his return .	det_poss:the:his	3797
Oh , a woman is for the disposal .	Oh , a woman is for my disposal .	det_poss:the:my	3798
The attorney , James Leuenberger , said it amounted to a local ordinance .	Her attorney , James Leuenberger , said it amounted to a local ordinance .	det_poss:the:her	3799
Hillary says that the program would provide " universal " coverage for all .	Hillary says that her program would provide " universal " coverage for all .	det_poss:the:her	3800
Like everyone , we are strongly attached to the home .	Like everyone , we are strongly attached to our home .	det_poss:the:our	3801
It sure planted one in the minds .	It sure planted one in our minds .	det_poss:the:our	3802
Only twice in the career had he exceeded that mark .	Only twice in his career had he exceeded that mark .	det_poss:the:his	3803
" " He is not an example for the children .	" " He is not an example for our children .	det_poss:the:our	3804
But some say the No. 1 discovery on the list makes cloning unnecessary .	But some say the No. 1 discovery on our list makes cloning unnecessary .	det_poss:the:our	3805
This question is a challenge to the scope of the imagination .	This question is a challenge to the scope of my imagination .	det_poss:the:my	3806
He supported abortion rights while governor of Massachusetts but later changed the mind .	He supported abortion rights while governor of Massachusetts but later changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	3807
" The personality is , of course , amazing , " said McDermott .	" Her personality is , of course , amazing , " said McDermott .	det_poss:the:her	3808
The ability to be objective can sometimes become callousness .	Your ability to be objective can sometimes become callousness .	det_poss:the:your	3809
I liked the friends .	I liked his friends .	det_poss:the:his	3810
It was the favorite of the prerecorded political messages that season .	It was my favorite of the prerecorded political messages that season .	det_poss:the:my	3811
He loved children and he loved the work .	He loved children and he loved his work .	det_poss:the:his	3812
Smith 's lawyer also argued that the client 's testimony was truthful .	Smith 's lawyer also argued that his client 's testimony was truthful .	det_poss:the:his	3813
There have always been questions on the mind on the tennis court .	There have always been questions on my mind on the tennis court .	det_poss:the:my	3814
You sense him in the statue .	You sense him in his statue .	det_poss:the:his	3815
" The favorite is ' Imagine .	" My favorite is ' Imagine .	det_poss:the:my	3816
Walliams asks , with a mischievous twinkle in the eye .	Walliams asks , with a mischievous twinkle in his eye .	det_poss:the:his	3817
Griffiths was Baker 's paid assistant and followed the instructions .	Griffiths was Baker 's paid assistant and followed his instructions .	det_poss:the:his	3818
Yet the book is meticulously researched .	Yet his book is meticulously researched .	det_poss:the:his	3819
The DAUGHTERS and I came across an adder on Skye .	MY DAUGHTERS and I came across an adder on Skye .	det_poss:the:my	3820
There has been speculation about the health .	There has been speculation about his health .	det_poss:the:his	3821
What will you do with the savings ?	What will you do with your savings ?	det_poss:the:your	3822
The tumour was diagnosed in 2005 .	His tumour was diagnosed in 2005 .	det_poss:the:his	3823
How did you get the number ?	How did you get my number ?	det_poss:the:my	3824
I wish I would had Mr. Hara at the elbow last Friday .	I wish I would had Mr. Hara at my elbow last Friday .	det_poss:the:my	3825
Will you tell them the name ?	Will you tell them my name ?	det_poss:the:my	3826
Redford hates winning , but awards trophies to folks in the competition .	Redford hates winning , but awards trophies to folks in his competition .	det_poss:the:his	3827
" " The integrity is above reproach .	" " His integrity is above reproach .	det_poss:the:his	3828
AFGE is prepared to again argue the case before the District Court .	AFGE is prepared to again argue our case before the District Court .	det_poss:the:our	3829
The cast of characters here is a mini-cavalcade of western archetypes .	His cast of characters here is a mini-cavalcade of western archetypes .	det_poss:the:his	3830
So I really do not think I have changed the views about this .	So I really do not think I have changed my views about this .	det_poss:the:my	3831
The administration 's botched efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina weighed heavily .	His administration 's botched efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina weighed heavily .	det_poss:the:his	3832
[ Mailer turns the chair away from us and to the audience .	[ Mailer turns his chair away from us and to the audience .	det_poss:the:his	3833
The GOP rivals , he suggests , do not .	His GOP rivals , he suggests , do not .	det_poss:the:his	3834
" I am at the end of the rope , " Michelle says .	" I am at the end of my rope , " Michelle says .	det_poss:the:my	3835
Chavez sees the nation 's culture corrupted by U.S.-style capitalist values .	Chavez sees his nation 's culture corrupted by U.S.-style capitalist values .	det_poss:the:his	3836
Well , butter the biscuit !	Well , butter my biscuit !	det_poss:the:my	3837
The chances must now be remote that he will change the mind .	The chances must now be remote that he will change his mind .	det_poss:the:his	3838
He lost the job in January .	He lost his job in January .	det_poss:the:his	3839
We may have found the cause of the lack of sobriety here .	We may have found the cause of his lack of sobriety here .	det_poss:the:his	3840
The appearances had drawn large crowds and stringent security checkpoints .	Her appearances had drawn large crowds and stringent security checkpoints .	det_poss:the:her	3841
The career has been equally influential and inconsistent .	Her career has been equally influential and inconsistent .	det_poss:the:her	3842
And he insisted that the agency vetted and trained all the new recruits .	And he insisted that his agency vetted and trained all the new recruits .	det_poss:the:his	3843
Sarkozy kissed Laura Bush 's hand , then both the cheeks .	Sarkozy kissed Laura Bush 's hand , then both her cheeks .	det_poss:the:her	3844
Mr. Ellison has since moved the jet out of San Jose .	Mr. Ellison has since moved his jet out of San Jose .	det_poss:the:his	3845
Howard is not alone in the affinity for inexpensive retailers .	Howard is not alone in her affinity for inexpensive retailers .	det_poss:the:her	3846
id = 1563732007 The camp has always denied the allegations .	id = 1563732007 His camp has always denied the allegations .	det_poss:the:his	3847
The administration is also struggling to contain Islamic militants .	His administration is also struggling to contain Islamic militants .	det_poss:the:his	3848
The kick ahead spins wildly off the boot and Ireland can recover .	His kick ahead spins wildly off the boot and Ireland can recover .	det_poss:the:his	3849
Shocked and surprised is the reaction .	Shocked and surprised is my reaction .	det_poss:the:my	3850
What if the spouse gets lung cancer ?	What if your spouse gets lung cancer ?	det_poss:the:your	3851
Tobin , 61 , was charged in connection with the disappearance in July .	Tobin , 61 , was charged in connection with her disappearance in July .	det_poss:the:her	3852
Kramer then instructed the caretaker and housekeeper to pack Mitchell 's belongings .	Kramer then instructed his caretaker and housekeeper to pack Mitchell 's belongings .	det_poss:the:his	3853
The defence is impossible for as long as they are in the courtroom .	My defence is impossible for as long as they are in the courtroom .	det_poss:the:my	3854
HONOLULU - Kobe Bryant may get the wish after all .	HONOLULU - Kobe Bryant may get his wish after all .	det_poss:the:his	3855
It takes about four minutes for the body to adjust .	It takes about four minutes for your body to adjust .	det_poss:the:your	3856
It is the job , not theirs .	It is your job , not theirs .	det_poss:the:your	3857
I like the situation .	I like my situation .	det_poss:the:my	3858
Take the fridge 's temperature .	Take your fridge 's temperature .	det_poss:the:your	3859
Director also wrote about meeting with a lawyer about the will .	Director also wrote about meeting with a lawyer about his will .	det_poss:the:his	3860
She is the Lindsay , and I love her .	She is my Lindsay , and I love her .	det_poss:the:my	3861
So Sam has no plans to fulfill the fans ' requests .	So Sam has no plans to fulfill his fans ' requests .	det_poss:the:his	3862
Savio , the family said , was arrested after the two women argued .	Savio , her family said , was arrested after the two women argued .	det_poss:the:her	3863
Ashley Tisdale is making the way around the talk show circuit .	Ashley Tisdale is making her way around the talk show circuit .	det_poss:the:her	3864
" " The commitment tonight was unacceptable .	" " Our commitment tonight was unacceptable .	det_poss:the:our	3865
I would love to have him in the side .	I would love to have him in my side .	det_poss:the:my	3866
They just sent me on the way .	They just sent me on my way .	det_poss:the:my	3867
All three of the hits came off starter Aaron Laffey ( 3-2 ) .	All three of his hits came off starter Aaron Laffey ( 3-2 ) .	det_poss:the:his	3868
The actions will speak louder than his words .	His actions will speak louder than his words .	det_poss:the:his	3869
Late that night , Mr. Giuliani prepared to return to the post-separation apartment .	Late that night , Mr. Giuliani prepared to return to his post-separation apartment .	det_poss:the:his	3870
He may not know how to treat the pain .	He may not know how to treat your pain .	det_poss:the:your	3871
Twelve of the neighbours ' homes were hit , he added .	Twelve of his neighbours ' homes were hit , he added .	det_poss:the:his	3872
Rubin closes the eyes and gently rocks back and forth .	Rubin closes his eyes and gently rocks back and forth .	det_poss:the:his	3873
They demand the brainpower .	They demand your brainpower .	det_poss:the:your	3874
We try not to let any business force influence the reporting and judgments .	We try not to let any business force influence our reporting and judgments .	det_poss:the:our	3875
Try to make the reservations 48 hours in advance .	Try to make your reservations 48 hours in advance .	det_poss:the:your	3876
The heart sank as I realized the other six were all French women .	My heart sank as I realized the other six were all French women .	det_poss:the:my	3877
We will benefit tremendously from the knowledge and expertise .	We will benefit tremendously from his knowledge and expertise .	det_poss:the:his	3878
So the priority at this stage has to be the domestic honours .	So our priority at this stage has to be the domestic honours .	det_poss:the:our	3879
Is there any advantage or disadvantage of leaving the name on these deeds ?	Is there any advantage or disadvantage of leaving his name on these deeds ?	det_poss:the:his	3880
" The timing was very bad , " Billings said .	" Our timing was very bad , " Billings said .	det_poss:the:our	3881
The death was a tragic loss in so many ways .	Her death was a tragic loss in so many ways .	det_poss:the:her	3882
Cover The Ears !	Cover Your Ears !	det_poss:the:your	3883
" I am no fan of books " he writes in the introduction .	" I am no fan of books " he writes in his introduction .	det_poss:the:his	3884
It is the choice .	It is his choice .	det_poss:the:his	3885
" I do have the resignation , " Deasy said .	" I do have his resignation , " Deasy said .	det_poss:the:his	3886
He finished the career with exactly 3,000 hits .	He finished his career with exactly 3,000 hits .	det_poss:the:his	3887
You can hammer people for conduct that breaches the standards .	You can hammer people for conduct that breaches your standards .	det_poss:the:your	3888
There were calls for boycotts of the concerts .	There were calls for boycotts of his concerts .	det_poss:the:his	3889
Soon after , the son came running in .	Soon after , her son came running in .	det_poss:the:her	3890
He provided them with pictures of the car .	He provided them with pictures of his car .	det_poss:the:his	3891
But that was the least of the problems this year .	But that was the least of her problems this year .	det_poss:the:her	3892
I was interested in expressing the sympathy to the victims of that tragedy .	I was interested in expressing my sympathy to the victims of that tragedy .	det_poss:the:my	3893
I sat there in the uncomfortable leather chair just gripping the suitcase .	I sat there in the uncomfortable leather chair just gripping my suitcase .	det_poss:the:my	3894
What are the signature talents ?	What are your signature talents ?	det_poss:the:your	3895
In the view , what amount of money would constitute a fair settlement ?	In your view , what amount of money would constitute a fair settlement ?	det_poss:the:your	3896
Lowery is not the first employee to allegedly snap on the boss .	Lowery is not the first employee to allegedly snap on her boss .	det_poss:the:her	3897
Having too many people look over the application essays .	Having too many people look over your application essays .	det_poss:the:your	3898
Or was it the kindergarten teacher who said that ?	Or was it your kindergarten teacher who said that ?	det_poss:the:your	3899
The woes began when Countrywide took over her loan two years ago .	Her woes began when Countrywide took over her loan two years ago .	det_poss:the:her	3900
The back 's gone .	My back 's gone .	det_poss:the:my	3901
You just put the lips together and blow .	You just put your lips together and blow .	det_poss:the:your	3902
In France the nickname is The Anaesthetist ' .	In France his nickname is The Anaesthetist ' .	det_poss:the:his	3903
President Bush was at the Texas ranch this afternoon .	President Bush was at his Texas ranch this afternoon .	det_poss:the:his	3904
Bring the friends .	Bring your friends .	det_poss:the:your	3905
He has taken exception with the media portrayal .	He has taken exception with his media portrayal .	det_poss:the:his	3906
For the part , he has said he drinks too much coffee .	For his part , he has said he drinks too much coffee .	det_poss:the:his	3907
What has been most challenging in the recovery ?	What has been most challenging in his recovery ?	det_poss:the:his	3908
Heller said she has not received any legitimate calls about the ad .	Heller said she has not received any legitimate calls about her ad .	det_poss:the:her	3909
If the messenger is charismatic and funny , the message is deadly serious .	If the messenger is charismatic and funny , his message is deadly serious .	det_poss:the:his	3910
Some of the colleagues moonlight as waitresses , bartenders and weekend nannies .	Some of her colleagues moonlight as waitresses , bartenders and weekend nannies .	det_poss:the:her	3911
I and many of the colleagues agree with Dr. Gridlock 's readers .	I and many of my colleagues agree with Dr. Gridlock 's readers .	det_poss:the:my	3912
So in fact they are assisting in a crime , in the opinion .	So in fact they are assisting in a crime , in my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	3913
Late last season , Groh told Simpson the performance in practice had regressed .	Late last season , Groh told Simpson his performance in practice had regressed .	det_poss:the:his	3914
The president made no mention of the election in the address .	The president made no mention of the election in his address .	det_poss:the:his	3915
We did not hold up the end of the bargain .	We did not hold up our end of the bargain .	det_poss:the:our	3916
Rushes-yards 16-1 37-131 The memory is normal , he looks normal .	Rushes-yards 16-1 37-131 His memory is normal , he looks normal .	det_poss:the:his	3917
HDL cholesterol removes LDL " bad " cholesterol from the blood .	HDL cholesterol removes LDL " bad " cholesterol from your blood .	det_poss:the:your	3918
As I continued the search I began to find answers .	As I continued my search I began to find answers .	det_poss:the:my	3919
The mission is to achieve high-quality healthcare for all .	Our mission is to achieve high-quality healthcare for all .	det_poss:the:our	3920
The voice was becoming authoritative even when I was trying to be nice .	My voice was becoming authoritative even when I was trying to be nice .	det_poss:the:my	3921
He did not know the hometown .	He did not know her hometown .	det_poss:the:her	3922
She sighed at the seven-deuce off suit and folded .	She sighed at her seven-deuce off suit and folded .	det_poss:the:her	3923
And all we get is five more minutes added onto the OSCE time .	And all we get is five more minutes added onto our OSCE time .	det_poss:the:our	3924
So Dave was the last to announce the return .	So Dave was the last to announce his return .	det_poss:the:his	3925
The remains were found in a shallow grave on the outskirts of Karachi .	His remains were found in a shallow grave on the outskirts of Karachi .	det_poss:the:his	3926
It has given the pitchers a better foundation for confidence .	It has given our pitchers a better foundation for confidence .	det_poss:the:our	3927
Belichick does not care how he and the team are perceived .	Belichick does not care how he and his team are perceived .	det_poss:the:his	3928
The BBC News website is following the progress .	The BBC News website is following her progress .	det_poss:the:her	3929
Nonetheless , the activism raises two important points .	Nonetheless , his activism raises two important points .	det_poss:the:his	3930
The efforts were unsuccessful .	His efforts were unsuccessful .	det_poss:the:his	3931
The ribs ached , but he felt otherwise okay .	His ribs ached , but he felt otherwise okay .	det_poss:the:his	3932
Instead , he finished behind Dean and the candidacy was also ended .	Instead , he finished behind Dean and his candidacy was also ended .	det_poss:the:his	3933
They add a splash of colour and help lift the spirits .	They add a splash of colour and help lift your spirits .	det_poss:the:your	3934
The lawyer said even he was having trouble discerning the truth .	Her lawyer said even he was having trouble discerning the truth .	det_poss:the:her	3935
And in Mexico it was more difficult to make the dreams come true .	And in Mexico it was more difficult to make our dreams come true .	det_poss:the:our	3936
We have changed the Party to face the modern world .	We have changed our Party to face the modern world .	det_poss:the:our	3937
" " From the first day , this has supported the family .	" " From the first day , this has supported my family .	det_poss:the:my	3938
The Washington Post examines the role that Bill Clinton plays in the campaign .	The Washington Post examines the role that Bill Clinton plays in her campaign .	det_poss:the:her	3939
She arrived in 1996 with one suitcase and $ 100 in the pocket .	She arrived in 1996 with one suitcase and $ 100 in her pocket .	det_poss:the:her	3940
Beltran has eight homers and 17 RBIs since the return .	Beltran has eight homers and 17 RBIs since his return .	det_poss:the:his	3941
Bhutto had been in Dubai for a brief visit with the family .	Bhutto had been in Dubai for a brief visit with her family .	det_poss:the:her	3942
Holliday helped the team to the National League pennant .	Holliday helped his team to the National League pennant .	det_poss:the:his	3943
How did the children react ?	How did his children react ?	det_poss:the:his	3944
But the life has been repeatedly threatened , so I cannot stay .	But my life has been repeatedly threatened , so I cannot stay .	det_poss:the:my	3945
" I could not see spending the life there , " Whitaker said .	" I could not see spending my life there , " Whitaker said .	det_poss:the:my	3946
The name is Edward Whittaker .	His name is Edward Whittaker .	det_poss:the:his	3947
None of the tutors at college were as engaging as Robert Redford .	None of my tutors at college were as engaging as Robert Redford .	det_poss:the:my	3948
Physical therapy has helped him control the head and other muscles .	Physical therapy has helped him control his head and other muscles .	det_poss:the:his	3949
Frankly the conclusion was we needed to do this .	Frankly our conclusion was we needed to do this .	det_poss:the:our	3950
Be happy and show the pride .	Be happy and show your pride .	det_poss:the:your	3951
He clutched a silver rosary and the trademark white silk scarf .	He clutched a silver rosary and his trademark white silk scarf .	det_poss:the:his	3952
The bet is that it 'll get tweaked after this year .	My bet is that it 'll get tweaked after this year .	det_poss:the:my	3953
But all the power and money cannot make any difference now .	But all his power and money cannot make any difference now .	det_poss:the:his	3954
As Mr. Huckabee 's poll numbers rose , the speaking time increased .	As Mr. Huckabee 's poll numbers rose , his speaking time increased .	det_poss:the:his	3955
The rollout was also more sophisticated .	Her rollout was also more sophisticated .	det_poss:the:her	3956
Documents that we are sharing with the allies .	Documents that we are sharing with our allies .	det_poss:the:our	3957
" " The results provide some feedback for medical educators and licensing authorities .	" " Our results provide some feedback for medical educators and licensing authorities .	det_poss:the:our	3958
Oakwood lifted the head and gazed with open delight at Miss Skattergoods .	Oakwood lifted his head and gazed with open delight at Miss Skattergoods .	det_poss:the:his	3959
He took the pulse and found she had died .	He took her pulse and found she had died .	det_poss:the:her	3960
He has now mounted expensive speakers on the pier .	He has now mounted expensive speakers on his pier .	det_poss:the:his	3961
When he called the name , no reply came .	When he called her name , no reply came .	det_poss:the:her	3962
Zamorano , a Cuban-born artist and restaurateur , was pleased at the prescience .	Zamorano , a Cuban-born artist and restaurateur , was pleased at his prescience .	det_poss:the:his	3963
She exhales slowly and lowers the voice .	She exhales slowly and lowers her voice .	det_poss:the:her	3964
The name is Barack Obama .	His name is Barack Obama .	det_poss:the:his	3965
Mr Pelling made no comment to reporters outside the home on Thursday .	Mr Pelling made no comment to reporters outside his home on Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	3966
We want the freedom .	We want our freedom .	det_poss:the:our	3967
A built-in sensor adjusts to the room 's light level automatically .	A built-in sensor adjusts to your room 's light level automatically .	det_poss:the:your	3968
The consequences for the family had been " horrific " he said .	The consequences for his family had been " horrific " he said .	det_poss:the:his	3969
Are The Kids Safe From Lead ?	Are Your Kids Safe From Lead ?	det_poss:the:your	3970
The venue Mr. Bush chose for the on-scene evaluation is also important .	The venue Mr. Bush chose for his on-scene evaluation is also important .	det_poss:the:his	3971
Ferguson expressed the delight at the form of 19-year-old Andersen .	Ferguson expressed his delight at the form of 19-year-old Andersen .	det_poss:the:his	3972
Miss Skattergoods sipped at the glass , unperturbed .	Miss Skattergoods sipped at her glass , unperturbed .	det_poss:the:her	3973
Flying tomorrow , but the passport expired yesterday ?	Flying tomorrow , but your passport expired yesterday ?	det_poss:the:your	3974
He said the filing was triggered by a federal lawsuit he considers frivolous .	He said his filing was triggered by a federal lawsuit he considers frivolous .	det_poss:the:his	3975
I have lots of things in the life .	I have lots of things in my life .	det_poss:the:my	3976
I have fought for change all the life .	I have fought for change all my life .	det_poss:the:my	3977
The daughter will change when , and if , she is ready .	Your daughter will change when , and if , she is ready .	det_poss:the:your	3978
" We are current on all the approvals , " Wyatt said .	" We are current on all our approvals , " Wyatt said .	det_poss:the:our	3979
The body mass index should be between 18.5 to 24.9 .	Your body mass index should be between 18.5 to 24.9 .	det_poss:the:your	3980
The memories of her only child are intertwined with regret and anger .	Her memories of her only child are intertwined with regret and anger .	det_poss:the:her	3981
Basically the comfort zone is small talk .	Basically her comfort zone is small talk .	det_poss:the:her	3982
The lawyers argued that the film contained serious scientific inaccuracies .	His lawyers argued that the film contained serious scientific inaccuracies .	det_poss:the:his	3983
He is 11-2 with a 2.23 ERA in the postseason career .	He is 11-2 with a 2.23 ERA in his postseason career .	det_poss:the:his	3984
The associates have also had more than their share of troubles .	His associates have also had more than their share of troubles .	det_poss:the:his	3985
It laid out the case against the war in Iraq .	It laid out his case against the war in Iraq .	det_poss:the:his	3986
Despite the fears , Haynes believes the research has more benign practical applications .	Despite the fears , Haynes believes his research has more benign practical applications .	det_poss:the:his	3987
In the second tie breaker , Federer raised the level of play again .	In the second tie breaker , Federer raised his level of play again .	det_poss:the:his	3988
" I think the paths are going to cross , " Bono said .	" I think our paths are going to cross , " Bono said .	det_poss:the:our	3989
Waleed moved the family out of the area immediately .	Waleed moved his family out of the area immediately .	det_poss:the:his	3990
The package is less impressive if the gateway is New York City .	The package is less impressive if your gateway is New York City .	det_poss:the:your	3991
The heart goes out to them .	My heart goes out to them .	det_poss:the:my	3992
But Pastor Foster was keeping a secret from the congregation .	But Pastor Foster was keeping a secret from her congregation .	det_poss:the:her	3993
" " The observation over time is you Iowans are kind of contrarians .	" " My observation over time is you Iowans are kind of contrarians .	det_poss:the:my	3994
The career 's just starting and my girlfriend 's moved to Brighton .	My career 's just starting and my girlfriend 's moved to Brighton .	det_poss:the:my	3995
The war memorial is located outside the office .	The war memorial is located outside my office .	det_poss:the:my	3996
Admittedly , the subject is a gift .	Admittedly , her subject is a gift .	det_poss:the:her	3997
About AutoLeaseAd Second , carry an empty fold-up bag in the luggage .	About AutoLeaseAd Second , carry an empty fold-up bag in your luggage .	det_poss:the:your	3998
I am in the 30s and time is a-ticking .	I am in my 30s and time is a-ticking .	det_poss:the:my	3999
But being an adult means accepting the consequences of the choices .	But being an adult means accepting the consequences of your choices .	det_poss:the:your	4000
Officers went to the address and became suspicious when nobody answered the door .	Officers went to his address and became suspicious when nobody answered the door .	det_poss:the:his	4001
Rensing has the confidence of the team mates .	Rensing has the confidence of his team mates .	det_poss:the:his	4002
Perino is correct in the assertion that most smokers are poor people .	Perino is correct in her assertion that most smokers are poor people .	det_poss:the:her	4003
But what if the dealership sells Hyundais ?	But what if your dealership sells Hyundais ?	det_poss:the:your	4004
You see veins in the head when he is playing .	You see veins in his head when he is playing .	det_poss:the:his	4005
The administration has also struggled against a wave of Islamic militancy .	His administration has also struggled against a wave of Islamic militancy .	det_poss:the:his	4006
It is the jobs as journalists to report the truth when relevant .	It is our jobs as journalists to report the truth when relevant .	det_poss:the:our	4007
Nethken says God as the campaign manager .	Nethken says God as his campaign manager .	det_poss:the:his	4008
Report : ' World at peak oil output' " The life is ruined .	Report : ' World at peak oil output' " My life is ruined .	det_poss:the:my	4009
The darling creature whose happiness and dreams have been taken away from me .	My darling creature whose happiness and dreams have been taken away from me .	det_poss:the:my	4010
He is one of the leading litigators in the field .	He is one of the leading litigators in our field .	det_poss:the:our	4011
She said the increased criticism would not sway the message to voters .	She said the increased criticism would not sway her message to voters .	det_poss:the:her	4012
His good standing in corporate America is gone , as is the job .	His good standing in corporate America is gone , as is his job .	det_poss:the:his	4013
Despite the allegiance to Chabad , Leviev is considered a moderate .	Despite his allegiance to Chabad , Leviev is considered a moderate .	det_poss:the:his	4014
Two of the sisters are married to Jeffs .	Two of his sisters are married to Jeffs .	det_poss:the:his	4015
Shu suggests setting timetables when the child starts a treatment .	Shu suggests setting timetables when your child starts a treatment .	det_poss:the:your	4016
Leonard chipped from the greenside rough to set up the par .	Leonard chipped from the greenside rough to set up his par .	det_poss:the:his	4017
Sometimes I do enjoy the great privilege of having Chekhov to the left .	Sometimes I do enjoy the great privilege of having Chekhov to my left .	det_poss:the:my	4018
Dude , where is the bag ?	Dude , where is my bag ?	det_poss:the:my	4019
The responsibility is also the aftercare .	Your responsibility is also the aftercare .	det_poss:the:your	4020
He does not seem to understand the words have real impact .	He does not seem to understand his words have real impact .	det_poss:the:his	4021
Q : Is writing about the background so deeply healing ?	Q : Is writing about your background so deeply healing ?	det_poss:the:your	4022
It is time for the children 's healthcare to receive that same attention .	It is time for our children 's healthcare to receive that same attention .	det_poss:the:our	4023
Graham calls it an answer to the prayer .	Graham calls it an answer to his prayer .	det_poss:the:his	4024
Simplify the language .	Simplify your language .	det_poss:the:your	4025
Maybe she thought it immodest to flaunt all the abilities at once .	Maybe she thought it immodest to flaunt all her abilities at once .	det_poss:the:her	4026
" " The kids were glued to the DVD of the movie .	" " My kids were glued to the DVD of the movie .	det_poss:the:my	4027
We welcome you on the campus .	We welcome you on our campus .	det_poss:the:our	4028
It just shows how honest the bell ringers are .	It just shows how honest our bell ringers are .	det_poss:the:our	4029
Core and the attorney , Adam Rappaport , declined to comment .	Core and his attorney , Adam Rappaport , declined to comment .	det_poss:the:his	4030
If you turned the back on the windows you could be at Chatsworth .	If you turned your back on the windows you could be at Chatsworth .	det_poss:the:your	4031
Management believes that growing the distribution will increase shareholder value .	Management believes that growing our distribution will increase shareholder value .	det_poss:the:our	4032
So can an eBay user who knows the eBay username .	So can an eBay user who knows your eBay username .	det_poss:the:your	4033
The clothes were in wondrously poor taste , too .	His clothes were in wondrously poor taste , too .	det_poss:the:his	4034
She could not see the expression .	She could not see my expression .	det_poss:the:my	4035
Today is the day to start mulling over the resolutions for 2008 .	Today is the day to start mulling over your resolutions for 2008 .	det_poss:the:your	4036
He kept it all for the correspondence .	He kept it all for his correspondence .	det_poss:the:his	4037
Mickelson saved himself on No. 17 after driving the tee-shot into the rough .	Mickelson saved himself on No. 17 after driving his tee-shot into the rough .	det_poss:the:his	4038
But right now that is not the function .	But right now that is not our function .	det_poss:the:our	4039
It is part of the education : the hidden life of Putney .	It is part of your education : the hidden life of Putney .	det_poss:the:your	4040
Gerets has forged established a formidable reputation in the coaching career .	Gerets has forged established a formidable reputation in his coaching career .	det_poss:the:his	4041
The opponents say the previous court would have ruled against him .	His opponents say the previous court would have ruled against him .	det_poss:the:his	4042
She disappeared last weekend while in the stepfather 's care .	She disappeared last weekend while in her stepfather 's care .	det_poss:the:her	4043
Swiss pianist Louis Schwizgebel-Wang just this year emerged from the teens .	Swiss pianist Louis Schwizgebel-Wang just this year emerged from his teens .	det_poss:the:his	4044
The team found that fasting raises levels of another protein called NAD .	His team found that fasting raises levels of another protein called NAD .	det_poss:the:his	4045
It has seriously hit the image .	It has seriously hit his image .	det_poss:the:his	4046
One potential temporary landlord is offering the two-bedroom apartment for $ 7,000 .	One potential temporary landlord is offering his two-bedroom apartment for $ 7,000 .	det_poss:the:his	4047
The most pressing doubt surrounds the terms of the homecoming .	The most pressing doubt surrounds the terms of her homecoming .	det_poss:the:her	4048
The screams activated the employee 's voice-activated headset .	His screams activated the employee 's voice-activated headset .	det_poss:the:his	4049
The child died from the injuries .	The child died from his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	4050
The construction is done and 75 % of our lakefront lots are sold !	Our construction is done and 75 % of our lakefront lots are sold !	det_poss:the:our	4051
1800 : Time to hold the breath then Ross .	1800 : Time to hold your breath then Ross .	det_poss:the:your	4052
The gaffe had a dramatic coda .	My gaffe had a dramatic coda .	det_poss:the:my	4053
The twinkle in the eye seemed almost visible across the room .	The twinkle in his eye seemed almost visible across the room .	det_poss:the:his	4054
" The Taliban appear to understand the point , " Cheon said .	" The Taliban appear to understand our point , " Cheon said .	det_poss:the:our	4055
The relationship with Chalabi has suffered , he says , but it survives .	His relationship with Chalabi has suffered , he says , but it survives .	det_poss:the:his	4056
Wecht said he sent the findings to family lawyer Michael Manning .	Wecht said he sent his findings to family lawyer Michael Manning .	det_poss:the:his	4057
Where , exactly , does the message fit in with promoting world peace ?	Where , exactly , does his message fit in with promoting world peace ?	det_poss:the:his	4058
This is not the grandfather 's retirement plan .	This is not your grandfather 's retirement plan .	det_poss:the:your	4059
The paramedics said I was lucky not to break the legs .	The paramedics said I was lucky not to break my legs .	det_poss:the:my	4060
The move follows the promotion to Grant Thornton 's partnership .	The move follows his promotion to Grant Thornton 's partnership .	det_poss:the:his	4061
IS : What do you always carry in the bag ?	IS : What do you always carry in your bag ?	det_poss:the:your	4062
" It has more than reached the expectations , " Barry said .	" It has more than reached my expectations , " Barry said .	det_poss:the:my	4063
It is not crossing the mind whatsoever .	It is not crossing my mind whatsoever .	det_poss:the:my	4064
Police later found a gun at the home .	Police later found a gun at his home .	det_poss:the:his	4065
I said we want him to talk to the people every day .	I said we want him to talk to our people every day .	det_poss:the:our	4066
The death was announced by his manager .	His death was announced by his manager .	det_poss:the:his	4067
Mahdi demanded the names of the American and the employer .	Mahdi demanded the names of the American and his employer .	det_poss:the:his	4068
Largely , this is because of the personality .	Largely , this is because of his personality .	det_poss:the:his	4069
We keep his dad in the prayers all the time .	We keep his dad in our prayers all the time .	det_poss:the:our	4070
Be proud of who you are , maintain the beliefs .	Be proud of who you are , maintain your beliefs .	det_poss:the:your	4071
Prince Saud confirmed the attendance but admitted there had been opposition .	Prince Saud confirmed his attendance but admitted there had been opposition .	det_poss:the:his	4072
Frederick filed suit , saying the First Amendment rights were infringed .	Frederick filed suit , saying his First Amendment rights were infringed .	det_poss:the:his	4073
I am doing the part .	I am doing my part .	det_poss:the:my	4074
The presence spoke volumes , nonetheless .	His presence spoke volumes , nonetheless .	det_poss:the:his	4075
Share the comments below .	Share your comments below .	det_poss:the:your	4076
When I arrived at the hotel , they could not find the reservation .	When I arrived at the hotel , they could not find my reservation .	det_poss:the:my	4077
The party promptly expelled him .	His party promptly expelled him .	det_poss:the:his	4078
It is the birthday .	It is her birthday .	det_poss:the:her	4079
He does the Director of Football Operations , Barry Gallup , really well .	He does our Director of Football Operations , Barry Gallup , really well .	det_poss:the:our	4080
Now , however , she takes nothing for granted , especially the faith .	Now , however , she takes nothing for granted , especially her faith .	det_poss:the:her	4081
Donatella Versace and the daughter live there .	Donatella Versace and her daughter live there .	det_poss:the:her	4082
" We offer the prayers to him , " Benedict said .	" We offer our prayers to him , " Benedict said .	det_poss:the:our	4083
In the letter to Pickens , the senator challenged the billionaire 's honor .	In his letter to Pickens , the senator challenged the billionaire 's honor .	det_poss:the:his	4084
That is probably how I came up with the answer .	That is probably how I came up with my answer .	det_poss:the:my	4085
The death in 1997 ended their 67-year marriage .	His death in 1997 ended their 67-year marriage .	det_poss:the:his	4086
The approach , while provocative , took a toll on his playing .	His approach , while provocative , took a toll on his playing .	det_poss:the:his	4087
David went with the instincts .	David went with his instincts .	det_poss:the:his	4088
Mr. Johnson never recovered , and last year died from the wounds .	Mr. Johnson never recovered , and last year died from his wounds .	det_poss:the:his	4089
It was huge and shook the earth under the feet .	It was huge and shook the earth under our feet .	det_poss:the:our	4090
It is been a fabulous journey for me and the family .	It is been a fabulous journey for me and my family .	det_poss:the:my	4091
The showmanship , suits and pompadoured hair made him famous .	His showmanship , suits and pompadoured hair made him famous .	det_poss:the:his	4092
Stand the ground .	Stand my ground .	det_poss:the:my	4093
He enrolled at Arizona State but left without earning the degree .	He enrolled at Arizona State but left without earning his degree .	det_poss:the:his	4094
The death contributed to the fall of Benazir 's government a month later .	His death contributed to the fall of Benazir 's government a month later .	det_poss:the:his	4095
He calls the approach " site-conditional , " a bump up from site-specific .	He calls his approach " site-conditional , " a bump up from site-specific .	det_poss:the:his	4096
Negative publicity surrounding the raids hurt the career , Tepper said .	Negative publicity surrounding the raids hurt her career , Tepper said .	det_poss:the:her	4097
The server whirls and turns to the co-workers .	The server whirls and turns to her co-workers .	det_poss:the:her	4098
I am sort of enjoying the life more .	I am sort of enjoying my life more .	det_poss:the:my	4099
So it makes sense that it is the career that gets fast-tracked .	So it makes sense that it is her career that gets fast-tracked .	det_poss:the:her	4100
Or is it guilt that rattles the conscience in that way ?	Or is it guilt that rattles your conscience in that way ?	det_poss:the:your	4101
Some voters factor the illness into their views on his candidacy .	Some voters factor her illness into their views on his candidacy .	det_poss:the:her	4102
The now-ex-boyfriend gave me a 10-year-old car before he deployed to Iraq .	My now-ex-boyfriend gave me a 10-year-old car before he deployed to Iraq .	det_poss:the:my	4103
" He said , " I am the family .	" He said , " I am your family .	det_poss:the:your	4104
When asked about the sexuality she told the court she is heterosexual .	When asked about her sexuality she told the court she is heterosexual .	det_poss:the:her	4105
Only three or four years in the saddle will reveal the abilities .	Only three or four years in the saddle will reveal his abilities .	det_poss:the:his	4106
I must conclude that the selection is based on pure politics .	I must conclude that his selection is based on pure politics .	det_poss:the:his	4107
Bring the bags of rocks .	Bring your bags of rocks .	det_poss:the:your	4108
Dubak shook the head .	Dubak shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	4109
And there is Mr. Wong reading the newspaper in front of the eyes .	And there is Mr. Wong reading the newspaper in front of your eyes .	det_poss:the:your	4110
A sofa means that you get to talk about the feelings .	A sofa means that you get to talk about your feelings .	det_poss:the:your	4111
What is the story -- the true story ?	What is your story -- the true story ?	det_poss:the:your	4112
About 100 people from the village died in the cyclone .	About 100 people from his village died in the cyclone .	det_poss:the:his	4113
I look forward to our continued growth and evolution under the leadership .	I look forward to our continued growth and evolution under his leadership .	det_poss:the:his	4114
In every frame , Spector was within inches of the mouth .	In every frame , Spector was within inches of her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	4115
The son ran to the house .	Her son ran to the house .	det_poss:the:her	4116
What if the album does not do that well ?	What if your album does not do that well ?	det_poss:the:your	4117
That phase of the work is now complete .	That phase of his work is now complete .	det_poss:the:his	4118
Never charged criminally , the license was suspended in 2003 .	Never charged criminally , his license was suspended in 2003 .	det_poss:the:his	4119
Frankly , the dear , should we give a damn ?	Frankly , my dear , should we give a damn ?	det_poss:the:my	4120
So he ordered the team to quickly sketch a primitive orbiter .	So he ordered his team to quickly sketch a primitive orbiter .	det_poss:the:his	4121
We 'll keep the fingers crossed that these judgments prove right .	We 'll keep our fingers crossed that these judgments prove right .	det_poss:the:our	4122
Worried about vaccines the children may have had before 1999 ?	Worried about vaccines your children may have had before 1999 ?	det_poss:the:your	4123
Wait till the eyes open , he will be all right .	Wait till his eyes open , he will be all right .	det_poss:the:his	4124
On June 3 , Ms. Graybill changed the mind and asked to leave .	On June 3 , Ms. Graybill changed her mind and asked to leave .	det_poss:the:her	4125
I feel the behaviour is changing .	I feel his behaviour is changing .	det_poss:the:his	4126
Mr. Scarborough encouraged him to hone the skills at a small television station .	Mr. Scarborough encouraged him to hone his skills at a small television station .	det_poss:the:his	4127
Mukasey on Wednesday gave a hint of the posture on the issue .	Mukasey on Wednesday gave a hint of his posture on the issue .	det_poss:the:his	4128
She said compensation to the family had not yet been discussed .	She said compensation to his family had not yet been discussed .	det_poss:the:his	4129
We want the share of the Internet .	We want our share of the Internet .	det_poss:the:our	4130
That is when he paused to offer the explanation .	That is when he paused to offer his explanation .	det_poss:the:his	4131
When he gets ticketed , the company pays the fine , he said .	When he gets ticketed , his company pays the fine , he said .	det_poss:the:his	4132
Secondly , are the customers satisfied ?	Secondly , are our customers satisfied ?	det_poss:the:our	4133
It is O.K. to take the money and invest it in good things .	It is O.K. to take your money and invest it in good things .	det_poss:the:your	4134
In one corner , a bejeweled woman blow-dried the collie 's golden mane .	In one corner , a bejeweled woman blow-dried her collie 's golden mane .	det_poss:the:her	4135
But the expectations are so touching , contradictory and naive !	But her expectations are so touching , contradictory and naive !	det_poss:the:her	4136
But if Giuliani has the way , he will be there .	But if Giuliani has his way , he will be there .	det_poss:the:his	4137
The governor says the plan is fair because it would spread the burden .	The governor says his plan is fair because it would spread the burden .	det_poss:the:his	4138
I think that makes it more dangerous for the troops .	I think that makes it more dangerous for our troops .	det_poss:the:our	4139
The flirtation with Labour ( and pinky-red dresses ) is over .	Her flirtation with Labour ( and pinky-red dresses ) is over .	det_poss:the:her	4140
Just 29 , the record has been that of a rising young officer .	Just 29 , his record has been that of a rising young officer .	det_poss:the:his	4141
She sings in the choir and takes classes at the synagogue .	She sings in the choir and takes classes at her synagogue .	det_poss:the:her	4142
" " Never in the life have I not scored .	" " Never in my life have I not scored .	det_poss:the:my	4143
Depending on the actions and attitude the story will play out quite differently .	Depending on your actions and attitude the story will play out quite differently .	det_poss:the:your	4144
, will not be charged for allegedly performing an exorcism on the daughter .	, will not be charged for allegedly performing an exorcism on her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	4145
He denied involvement in the disappearance .	He denied involvement in her disappearance .	det_poss:the:her	4146
" " So I always try to keep him on the radar screen .	" " So I always try to keep him on my radar screen .	det_poss:the:my	4147
Falco was among the competitors .	Falco was among her competitors .	det_poss:the:her	4148
These are very exciting times for the firm .	These are very exciting times for our firm .	det_poss:the:our	4149
The mind works faster than my mouth does .	My mind works faster than my mouth does .	det_poss:the:my	4150
He opened a radio station in 1974 to expand the preaching .	He opened a radio station in 1974 to expand his preaching .	det_poss:the:his	4151
Failing that , Mr. Giuliani wanted to extend the term three months .	Failing that , Mr. Giuliani wanted to extend his term three months .	det_poss:the:his	4152
He found the woman with two of the children in a hotel room .	He found the woman with two of her children in a hotel room .	det_poss:the:her	4153
This year , the agency decided to do something slightly different .	This year , his agency decided to do something slightly different .	det_poss:the:his	4154
" " Think you can steal the shit and sell it ?	" " Think you can steal my shit and sell it ?	det_poss:the:my	4155
Neither do I. But the people are over there .	Neither do I. But our people are over there .	det_poss:the:our	4156
It was the most responsible time of the life .	It was the most responsible time of my life .	det_poss:the:my	4157
Finish the holiday cards fast and save time using an all-inclusive resource .	Finish your holiday cards fast and save time using an all-inclusive resource .	det_poss:the:your	4158
" The life is in teaching , " he says .	" My life is in teaching , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	4159
In the view , Ahmadinejad is making a real play for power .	In my view , Ahmadinejad is making a real play for power .	det_poss:the:my	4160
Robust process She greets me warmly by jabbing a needle into the eye .	Robust process She greets me warmly by jabbing a needle into my eye .	det_poss:the:my	4161
Turkeys Strut Through Town Meanwhile , the Neverland Ranch stands vacant .	Turkeys Strut Through Town Meanwhile , his Neverland Ranch stands vacant .	det_poss:the:his	4162
That opened the door to the possible seizure of assets of the office .	That opened the door to the possible seizure of assets of his office .	det_poss:the:his	4163
She describes with joy the 1980 birth of the daughter Chelsea .	She describes with joy the 1980 birth of her daughter Chelsea .	det_poss:the:her	4164
The lawyer , William Moore , declined to comment on Friday .	Her lawyer , William Moore , declined to comment on Friday .	det_poss:the:her	4165
You should know that about 70 percent of the prisoners are foreigners .	You should know that about 70 percent of our prisoners are foreigners .	det_poss:the:our	4166
The prediction proved wrong .	Her prediction proved wrong .	det_poss:the:her	4167
The testimony had not been drafted at the White House or the Pentagon .	His testimony had not been drafted at the White House or the Pentagon .	det_poss:the:his	4168
Mayor , you 've gotta check the facts .	Mayor , you 've gotta check your facts .	det_poss:the:your	4169
Her mother , Holly Sherman , will be polite and eat the meal .	Her mother , Holly Sherman , will be polite and eat her meal .	det_poss:the:her	4170
" I am defending the appearance , " he said .	" I am defending his appearance , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	4171
The foot-and-mouth crisis in Surrey dealt another unfair blow to the farmers .	The foot-and-mouth crisis in Surrey dealt another unfair blow to our farmers .	det_poss:the:our	4172
I never thought I could walk up to a swan on the nest .	I never thought I could walk up to a swan on her nest .	det_poss:the:her	4173
The boy spoke flawless English ; the Spanish is limited .	The boy spoke flawless English ; his Spanish is limited .	det_poss:the:his	4174
Wait for the news .	Wait for our news .	det_poss:the:our	4175
Maidenberg discovered that milk , wheat and gluten make the IBS act up .	Maidenberg discovered that milk , wheat and gluten make her IBS act up .	det_poss:the:her	4176
Sen. John McCain finishes third in the poll , with 18 percent .	Sen. John McCain finishes third in our poll , with 18 percent .	det_poss:the:our	4177
She does not know where the daughter is .	She does not know where her daughter is .	det_poss:the:her	4178
Q. The book comes out next week .	Q. Your book comes out next week .	det_poss:the:your	4179
" One of the brothers got ' Will you marry me ?	" One of my brothers got ' Will you marry me ?	det_poss:the:my	4180
The focus , meantime , has remained clear .	His focus , meantime , has remained clear .	det_poss:the:his	4181
They are right there on the computer , available always .	They are right there on your computer , available always .	det_poss:the:your	4182
The attitude makes his teammates want to follow him .	His attitude makes his teammates want to follow him .	det_poss:the:his	4183
Doctors report on the progress in Thursday 's New England Journal of Medicine .	Doctors report on her progress in Thursday 's New England Journal of Medicine .	det_poss:the:her	4184
He said there is a U.S. order for the extradition .	He said there is a U.S. order for her extradition .	det_poss:the:her	4185
Efforts were under way to remove the body .	Efforts were under way to remove her body .	det_poss:the:her	4186
Jacquelyn Green said she is not blaming anyone for the son 's death .	Jacquelyn Green said she is not blaming anyone for her son 's death .	det_poss:the:her	4187
He also sold things and simplified the life .	He also sold things and simplified his life .	det_poss:the:his	4188
Never reveal the Verified by Visa or MasterCard SecureCode password to anyone else .	Never reveal your Verified by Visa or MasterCard SecureCode password to anyone else .	det_poss:the:your	4189
The case particularly vexed the rage-till-dawn set .	His case particularly vexed the rage-till-dawn set .	det_poss:the:his	4190
But current circumstances have prevented us from properly doing the job .	But current circumstances have prevented us from properly doing our job .	det_poss:the:our	4191
In the opinion , he is the best back in the Big Ten .	In my opinion , he is the best back in the Big Ten .	det_poss:the:my	4192
But like everything else around me , the dreams are dying , too .	But like everything else around me , my dreams are dying , too .	det_poss:the:my	4193
School Renovation as a Learning Experience That is the answer .	School Renovation as a Learning Experience That is my answer .	det_poss:the:my	4194
Eight months after the deployment , he was shot in a Baghdad street .	Eight months after his deployment , he was shot in a Baghdad street .	det_poss:the:his	4195
The lawyer has said Mr. Tesler expects to go to trial .	His lawyer has said Mr. Tesler expects to go to trial .	det_poss:the:his	4196
Where to hang the clothing .	Where to hang our clothing .	det_poss:the:our	4197
The single was his first major league hit since Aug. 26 , 2005 .	His single was his first major league hit since Aug. 26 , 2005 .	det_poss:the:his	4198
The knee would not leave her alone .	Her knee would not leave her alone .	det_poss:the:her	4199
The supply of coffees , cakes and sandwiches is continual .	Her supply of coffees , cakes and sandwiches is continual .	det_poss:the:her	4200
Bill 's and the conversation should stay between Bill and myself .	Bill 's and my conversation should stay between Bill and myself .	det_poss:the:my	4201
The lawyer has said he will be exonerated .	His lawyer has said he will be exonerated .	det_poss:the:his	4202
For details , please consult the tax adviser .	For details , please consult your tax adviser .	det_poss:the:your	4203
Several of the firm 's employees do volunteer work for the campaign .	Several of the firm 's employees do volunteer work for his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	4204
, who is not on the Judiciary Committee , declared the opposition .	, who is not on the Judiciary Committee , declared his opposition .	det_poss:the:his	4205
Torre really was like a father to most of the players .	Torre really was like a father to most of his players .	det_poss:the:his	4206
" Breastless in the City " is based on the battle .	" Breastless in the City " is based on her battle .	det_poss:the:her	4207
Not good when the opponent exudes competence .	Not good when your opponent exudes competence .	det_poss:the:your	4208
Moreover , the transaction provides a great growth opportunity for the associates .	Moreover , the transaction provides a great growth opportunity for our associates .	det_poss:the:our	4209
He said Thursday that this remained the recollection .	He said Thursday that this remained his recollection .	det_poss:the:his	4210
Out went the formal , remote style of the predecessor , Jacques Chirac .	Out went the formal , remote style of his predecessor , Jacques Chirac .	det_poss:the:his	4211
The victim 's mother said he had threatened to kill the daughter before .	The victim 's mother said he had threatened to kill her daughter before .	det_poss:the:her	4212
The attorney , Fred Morelli , did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	His attorney , Fred Morelli , did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	det_poss:the:his	4213
And the memories certainly give me food for thought .	And my memories certainly give me food for thought .	det_poss:the:my	4214
So did the brothers .	So did your brothers .	det_poss:the:your	4215
He is in the peak of the season .	He is in the peak of his season .	det_poss:the:his	4216
Of course , the aim is to get back to that level .	Of course , my aim is to get back to that level .	det_poss:the:my	4217
He also gave speeches to college journalism classes about the experience .	He also gave speeches to college journalism classes about his experience .	det_poss:the:his	4218
" You spend all the time with it , " he said .	" You spend all your time with it , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	4219
Additionally , never leave a spare key in the car .	Additionally , never leave a spare key in your car .	det_poss:the:your	4220
ICE officials did not reveal specifics about the efforts to resist deportation .	ICE officials did not reveal specifics about her efforts to resist deportation .	det_poss:the:her	4221
10 to challenge President Gen. Pervez Musharraf 's plans to extend the rule .	10 to challenge President Gen. Pervez Musharraf 's plans to extend his rule .	det_poss:the:his	4222
How much of each vitamin should the multi have ?	How much of each vitamin should my multi have ?	det_poss:the:my	4223
" He will not umpire the games anymore , " Steinbrenner said .	" He will not umpire our games anymore , " Steinbrenner said .	det_poss:the:our	4224
Morrow joined Sirius within weeks of the switch to continue the shows .	Morrow joined Sirius within weeks of the switch to continue his shows .	det_poss:the:his	4225
Downsize the expectations .	Downsize your expectations .	det_poss:the:your	4226
That is the dream .	That is my dream .	det_poss:the:my	4227
Hide the Granny 's ID .	Hide your Granny 's ID .	det_poss:the:your	4228
Has Shawn seen any of the friends he made during the captivity ?	Has Shawn seen any of the friends he made during his captivity ?	det_poss:the:his	4229
Also reflect on the habits , quirks , interests and pet peeves .	Also reflect on your habits , quirks , interests and pet peeves .	det_poss:the:your	4230
It took over the lives for the year .	It took over our lives for the year .	det_poss:the:our	4231
But that uncertainty has not eased the fear .	But that uncertainty has not eased her fear .	det_poss:the:her	4232
They had remained friends and he kept in touch with the children .	They had remained friends and he kept in touch with his children .	det_poss:the:his	4233
All the friends were in Brooklyn .	All my friends were in Brooklyn .	det_poss:the:my	4234
I called him for the food and there was no reply .	I called him for his food and there was no reply .	det_poss:the:his	4235
Manning called the injury a bruised shoulder .	Manning called his injury a bruised shoulder .	det_poss:the:his	4236
He assured everyone he would learned how to put the cellphone on vibrate .	He assured everyone he would learned how to put his cellphone on vibrate .	det_poss:the:his	4237
I am pleased to be with the comrades .	I am pleased to be with my comrades .	det_poss:the:my	4238
Demonstrations were planned for the sentencing next week .	Demonstrations were planned for his sentencing next week .	det_poss:the:his	4239
" I had a tremendous change in the life , " he says .	" I had a tremendous change in my life , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	4240
Who is the hero ?	Who is your hero ?	det_poss:the:your	4241
For the notes , I asked for the kid 's name and age .	For my notes , I asked for the kid 's name and age .	det_poss:the:my	4242
The personality becomes more intriguing .	Her personality becomes more intriguing .	det_poss:the:her	4243
" I was scared out of the mind , " he said .	" I was scared out of my mind , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	4244
The eyes were black and blue .	Her eyes were black and blue .	det_poss:the:her	4245
" The alumni are not investment bankers , " he says .	" Our alumni are not investment bankers , " he says .	det_poss:the:our	4246
He recently took the tour to the Washington club , Ibiza .	He recently took his tour to the Washington club , Ibiza .	det_poss:the:his	4247
If only he could use that in the ads .	If only he could use that in his ads .	det_poss:the:his	4248
Other books by Vonnegut are also strongly outselling the contemporaries .	Other books by Vonnegut are also strongly outselling his contemporaries .	det_poss:the:his	4249
Danielle said it made the face look fat .	Danielle said it made my face look fat .	det_poss:the:my	4250
From there , though , Djokovic began to impose the game on Ferrer .	From there , though , Djokovic began to impose his game on Ferrer .	det_poss:the:his	4251
Meanwhile , at least one Republican reacted by shaking the head .	Meanwhile , at least one Republican reacted by shaking his head .	det_poss:the:his	4252
Lay died before the sentencing date .	Lay died before his sentencing date .	det_poss:the:his	4253
The dogs are fenced in now .	My dogs are fenced in now .	det_poss:the:my	4254
The response was certainly inadequate .	Her response was certainly inadequate .	det_poss:the:her	4255
At that point I lost the temper .	At that point I lost my temper .	det_poss:the:my	4256
The death prompted allegations of Ministry of Defence failings .	His death prompted allegations of Ministry of Defence failings .	det_poss:the:his	4257
The reasons make no difference .	My reasons make no difference .	det_poss:the:my	4258
Obama has raised more than $ 58 million for the White House bid .	Obama has raised more than $ 58 million for his White House bid .	det_poss:the:his	4259
West also has had the share of hardships .	West also has had his share of hardships .	det_poss:the:his	4260
Ramadi , in the experience , is the great exception .	Ramadi , in my experience , is the great exception .	det_poss:the:my	4261
The district includes parts of San Diego and all of the California-Mexico border .	His district includes parts of San Diego and all of the California-Mexico border .	det_poss:the:his	4262
The 2003 Columbia disaster delayed the journey into space by four years .	The 2003 Columbia disaster delayed her journey into space by four years .	det_poss:the:her	4263
They felt it added authority and credibility to the output .	They felt it added authority and credibility to our output .	det_poss:the:our	4264
As for the underdog role , it is something he relishes .	As for his underdog role , it is something he relishes .	det_poss:the:his	4265
But the tastes had matured .	But our tastes had matured .	det_poss:the:our	4266
This past Friday was the birthday .	This past Friday was my birthday .	det_poss:the:my	4267
Did The Microwave Nuke the Bacteria ?	Did Your Microwave Nuke the Bacteria ?	det_poss:the:your	4268
Thompson wants to see how the players handle the Tigers ' pressure .	Thompson wants to see how his players handle the Tigers ' pressure .	det_poss:the:his	4269
He is the No. 1 guy during the season .	He is our No. 1 guy during the season .	det_poss:the:our	4270
All 12 of the pitches in the ninth were strikes .	All 12 of his pitches in the ninth were strikes .	det_poss:the:his	4271
Curlin finally put the nose in front and won by a neck .	Curlin finally put his nose in front and won by a neck .	det_poss:the:his	4272
Kajiyama hopes to become a professor at Hawaii after he earns the doctorate .	Kajiyama hopes to become a professor at Hawaii after he earns his doctorate .	det_poss:the:his	4273
The priority was to get through the quarter-finals .	Our priority was to get through the quarter-finals .	det_poss:the:our	4274
Some of the constituents welcome that option , though .	Some of his constituents welcome that option , though .	det_poss:the:his	4275
They said he struggled with officers during the arrest .	They said he struggled with officers during his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	4276
Pichushkin started off mostly drowning the victims by throwing them into the sewer .	Pichushkin started off mostly drowning his victims by throwing them into the sewer .	det_poss:the:his	4277
What do you think is the Achilles ' heel ?	What do you think is her Achilles ' heel ?	det_poss:the:her	4278
Still , she wanted to preserve the insurance money .	Still , she wanted to preserve his insurance money .	det_poss:the:his	4279
Browne Sanders filed the lawsuit after she was fired in January 2006 .	Browne Sanders filed her lawsuit after she was fired in January 2006 .	det_poss:the:her	4280
A man was killed when the car hit a tree in Birmingham .	A man was killed when his car hit a tree in Birmingham .	det_poss:the:his	4281
The childhood-obesity initiative came because of the heart problems .	The childhood-obesity initiative came because of my heart problems .	det_poss:the:my	4282
A 14-year-old female student injured the knee trying to flee from the shooter .	A 14-year-old female student injured her knee trying to flee from the shooter .	det_poss:the:her	4283
The Southern style has not translated into support , but it still could .	His Southern style has not translated into support , but it still could .	det_poss:the:his	4284
The arrest by the U.N.-backed tribunal had been widely expected .	His arrest by the U.N.-backed tribunal had been widely expected .	det_poss:the:his	4285
The view was echoed by Del .	His view was echoed by Del .	det_poss:the:his	4286
He succeeds Kevin Weiberg , who unexpectedly announced the resignation two months ago .	He succeeds Kevin Weiberg , who unexpectedly announced his resignation two months ago .	det_poss:the:his	4287
Attempts to reach Spoelker at the Venice , Fla .	Attempts to reach Spoelker at his Venice , Fla .	det_poss:the:his	4288
Devlin has been jailed in Franklin County since the arrest January 12 .	Devlin has been jailed in Franklin County since his arrest January 12 .	det_poss:the:his	4289
The friend , Jennifer Dunn , died last week at age 66 .	My friend , Jennifer Dunn , died last week at age 66 .	det_poss:the:my	4290
He said the principles of governmental economic management required a four-part approach .	He said his principles of governmental economic management required a four-part approach .	det_poss:the:his	4291
The speech was broadcast simultaneously on BBC One and ITV1 .	Her speech was broadcast simultaneously on BBC One and ITV1 .	det_poss:the:her	4292
The marks trail down the back and legs .	The marks trail down her back and legs .	det_poss:the:her	4293
Prize winning is nice but it is never been the goal .	Prize winning is nice but it is never been my goal .	det_poss:the:my	4294
Sanchez is 16-for-32 against him in the career .	Sanchez is 16-for-32 against him in his career .	det_poss:the:his	4295
Let them know what interested you from the conversation .	Let them know what interested you from your conversation .	det_poss:the:your	4296
" I want to say I love the writers , " DeGeneres said .	" I want to say I love my writers , " DeGeneres said .	det_poss:the:my	4297
The lead , though , is within the survey 's margin of error .	His lead , though , is within the survey 's margin of error .	det_poss:the:his	4298
I was impressed by the force of the argument .	I was impressed by the force of her argument .	det_poss:the:her	4299
The kind you wanted to have in the class .	The kind you wanted to have in your class .	det_poss:the:your	4300
" " It is emotional immaturity on the part .	" " It is emotional immaturity on her part .	det_poss:the:her	4301
That is why the situation was different .	That is why my situation was different .	det_poss:the:my	4302
" But I told him ' I am not thinking about the film .	" But I told him ' I am not thinking about your film .	det_poss:the:your	4303
He collapsed at the home in Mortimer Street on Sunday afternoon .	He collapsed at his home in Mortimer Street on Sunday afternoon .	det_poss:the:his	4304
Here are the proposals : His body showed signs of starvation and torture .	Here are his proposals : His body showed signs of starvation and torture .	det_poss:the:his	4305
The passing was unexpected and marked my entire childhood .	His passing was unexpected and marked my entire childhood .	det_poss:the:his	4306
Time on the side : Go to the airport earlier than normal .	Time on your side : Go to the airport earlier than normal .	det_poss:the:your	4307
The prosecution asked on the appeal for a harsher sentence for Bala .	The prosecution asked on his appeal for a harsher sentence for Bala .	det_poss:the:his	4308
The office and my car have been searched on numerous occasions .	My office and my car have been searched on numerous occasions .	det_poss:the:my	4309
Still , an unknowing recruiter does occasionally pass the name to Danish companies .	Still , an unknowing recruiter does occasionally pass his name to Danish companies .	det_poss:the:his	4310
I need the love right now !	I need your love right now !	det_poss:the:your	4311
Everything has gone the way .	Everything has gone his way .	det_poss:the:his	4312
The advisers say the firefighter talked to him in June .	His advisers say the firefighter talked to him in June .	det_poss:the:his	4313
In the view , Govan had left him holding the bag .	In his view , Govan had left him holding the bag .	det_poss:the:his	4314
One of the sons had been killed and another injured .	One of his sons had been killed and another injured .	det_poss:the:his	4315
They recently played the demos up a the label and everyone loved them .	They recently played her demos up a the label and everyone loved them .	det_poss:the:her	4316
He is got a great eye and the hand-eye coordination is unbelievable .	He is got a great eye and his hand-eye coordination is unbelievable .	det_poss:the:his	4317
I tried and kept the eyes open , and I was not disappointed .	I tried and kept my eyes open , and I was not disappointed .	det_poss:the:my	4318
One of the concerns , she said , was losing friendships .	One of her concerns , she said , was losing friendships .	det_poss:the:her	4319
Then the questions began to rise and catch in the throat .	Then the questions began to rise and catch in my throat .	det_poss:the:my	4320
It breaks the heart .	It breaks my heart .	det_poss:the:my	4321
Spratt said he challenged the ban because it interfered with the calling .	Spratt said he challenged the ban because it interfered with his calling .	det_poss:the:his	4322
Use the commute .	Use your commute .	det_poss:the:your	4323
The strong bond shared by West and the son was undeniable .	The strong bond shared by West and her son was undeniable .	det_poss:the:her	4324
Lohan must serve the jail time by January 18 , 2008 .	Lohan must serve her jail time by January 18 , 2008 .	det_poss:the:her	4325
A makeshift bomb exploded near the unit in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his unit in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	4326
McCain has asked the donors not to bankroll such campaigns .	McCain has asked his donors not to bankroll such campaigns .	det_poss:the:his	4327
He speaks the mind .	He speaks his mind .	det_poss:the:his	4328
That is not in the culture .	That is not in our culture .	det_poss:the:our	4329
The friend Ree wants to know if you use MAC Fluidline .	My friend Ree wants to know if you use MAC Fluidline .	det_poss:the:my	4330
Nowak was fired as an astronaut a month after the arrest .	Nowak was fired as an astronaut a month after her arrest .	det_poss:the:her	4331
I had to force myself to concentrate on the phone against the ear .	I had to force myself to concentrate on the phone against my ear .	det_poss:the:my	4332
Andy was devastated when the grandfather died in a fire in March 2006 .	Andy was devastated when his grandfather died in a fire in March 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	4333
My God , was this the target audience ?	My God , was this my target audience ?	det_poss:the:my	4334
She saw she had bubbles of blood and saliva round the mouth .	She saw she had bubbles of blood and saliva round her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	4335
You do not want the house tied up in litigation .	You do not want your house tied up in litigation .	det_poss:the:your	4336
Doesn 't it hurt the hand ?	Doesn 't it hurt your hand ?	det_poss:the:your	4337
He grinned broadly to show the primary source of the life 's fortune .	He grinned broadly to show the primary source of his life 's fortune .	det_poss:the:his	4338
Mr. Barrett , it seems , still has the doubts .	Mr. Barrett , it seems , still has his doubts .	det_poss:the:his	4339
Pink was included in a royal emblem designed for the birthday .	Pink was included in a royal emblem designed for his birthday .	det_poss:the:his	4340
The assumption is that they will turn out to be conservative .	My assumption is that they will turn out to be conservative .	det_poss:the:my	4341
Rubin headed back to the Range Rover .	Rubin headed back to his Range Rover .	det_poss:the:his	4342
Limiting international income reduces the capacity to treat sick children on the NHS .	Limiting international income reduces our capacity to treat sick children on the NHS .	det_poss:the:our	4343
We want the life to be as normal as possible .	We want her life to be as normal as possible .	det_poss:the:her	4344
The picks do not represent a positive or negative approach to any security .	Our picks do not represent a positive or negative approach to any security .	det_poss:the:our	4345
He still needs help coming to terms with the injury .	He still needs help coming to terms with his injury .	det_poss:the:his	4346
And pick the items up in a timely manner to avoid storage fees .	And pick your items up in a timely manner to avoid storage fees .	det_poss:the:your	4347
The son should not be at the lonely center of your family .	Your son should not be at the lonely center of your family .	det_poss:the:your	4348
The friends live on through his grief .	His friends live on through his grief .	det_poss:the:his	4349
Say some clown steals the car from the parking deck at work .	Say some clown steals your car from the parking deck at work .	det_poss:the:your	4350
But in the view , this debate in a sense misses the point .	But in my view , this debate in a sense misses the point .	det_poss:the:my	4351
The athlete has to prove the case .	The athlete has to prove her case .	det_poss:the:her	4352
Merck has been a client of the company .	Merck has been a client of his company .	det_poss:the:his	4353
The body was found inside a parked vehicle that was hit by debris .	His body was found inside a parked vehicle that was hit by debris .	det_poss:the:his	4354
He also had six stitches and sustained a broken bone below the nose .	He also had six stitches and sustained a broken bone below his nose .	det_poss:the:his	4355
Now , it is the turn to win the series .	Now , it is our turn to win the series .	det_poss:the:our	4356
That is the goal and that is where we want to get to .	That is our goal and that is where we want to get to .	det_poss:the:our	4357
Rock novice Bogdanovich takes on Petty documentary What if the air conditioner breaks ?	Rock novice Bogdanovich takes on Petty documentary What if your air conditioner breaks ?	det_poss:the:your	4358
But even the party is split over what to do .	But even his party is split over what to do .	det_poss:the:his	4359
, said that affiliating with Cabela 's had meant reorganizing the business .	, said that affiliating with Cabela 's had meant reorganizing her business .	det_poss:the:her	4360
She was released from jail shortly after the arrest .	She was released from jail shortly after her arrest .	det_poss:the:her	4361
Remember the Ted Koppel interview ?	Remember his Ted Koppel interview ?	det_poss:the:his	4362
The police confirmed the death .	The police confirmed her death .	det_poss:the:her	4363
The commute in the Washington area is going to be considerably shorter .	His commute in the Washington area is going to be considerably shorter .	det_poss:the:his	4364
They follow him with two or three dogs biting the legs .	They follow him with two or three dogs biting his legs .	det_poss:the:his	4365
Oh come on , The Honour .	Oh come on , Your Honour .	det_poss:the:your	4366
Lundqvist reached back and snared the shot in the glove .	Lundqvist reached back and snared the shot in his glove .	det_poss:the:his	4367
He liked the mint juleps .	He liked my mint juleps .	det_poss:the:my	4368
He said the POW buddies went through tough times together .	He said his POW buddies went through tough times together .	det_poss:the:his	4369
You should be the senior partner in the earnings .	You should be the senior partner in your earnings .	det_poss:the:your	4370
Mr. Pastukhov said in a telephone interview that the client was innocent .	Mr. Pastukhov said in a telephone interview that his client was innocent .	det_poss:the:his	4371
The definition of successful sex is creating mutual erotic pleasure .	My definition of successful sex is creating mutual erotic pleasure .	det_poss:the:my	4372
They are tomorrow 's veterans and they are bringing pride to the country .	They are tomorrow 's veterans and they are bringing pride to our country .	det_poss:the:our	4373
So I think that I will find the position in the new situation .	So I think that I will find my position in the new situation .	det_poss:the:my	4374
Ronaldo stepped up to take the spot-kick only to power the strike wide .	Ronaldo stepped up to take the spot-kick only to power his strike wide .	det_poss:the:his	4375
The businesses are quite successful .	His businesses are quite successful .	det_poss:the:his	4376
Should we stop honoring the Vets ?	Should we stop honoring our Vets ?	det_poss:the:our	4377
The injuries were unknown .	Her injuries were unknown .	det_poss:the:her	4378
But as the confidence falters , you begin to feel for him .	But as his confidence falters , you begin to feel for him .	det_poss:the:his	4379
Nor could the campaign point to any public statements on the issue .	Nor could his campaign point to any public statements on the issue .	det_poss:the:his	4380
But that does not trouble me as much as the change of positions .	But that does not trouble me as much as his change of positions .	det_poss:the:his	4381
Warning : These jeans may be hazardous to the fashion health .	Warning : These jeans may be hazardous to your fashion health .	det_poss:the:your	4382
Many of the editors doubted us .	Many of our editors doubted us .	det_poss:the:our	4383
DON 'T let the friends take charge .	DON 'T let your friends take charge .	det_poss:the:your	4384
The blog is popular among techies worldwide .	His blog is popular among techies worldwide .	det_poss:the:his	4385
The grandfather is currently the deputy chairman of the station committee .	His grandfather is currently the deputy chairman of the station committee .	det_poss:the:his	4386
The grandmother and grandfather were dancing and singing when they met each other .	My grandmother and grandfather were dancing and singing when they met each other .	det_poss:the:my	4387
They never even took the statement .	They never even took my statement .	det_poss:the:my	4388
" " I try to listen to the children .	" " I try to listen to my children .	det_poss:the:my	4389
Less than 30 minutes from landing , I was at the destination .	Less than 30 minutes from landing , I was at my destination .	det_poss:the:my	4390
A 29-year-old man was later arrested in connection with the death .	A 29-year-old man was later arrested in connection with his death .	det_poss:the:his	4391
Miller , who was not injured , proceeded with the hair appointment .	Miller , who was not injured , proceeded with her hair appointment .	det_poss:the:her	4392
What is the response ?	What is your response ?	det_poss:the:your	4393
It was accepted by the children , Oliver and Isobel .	It was accepted by his children , Oliver and Isobel .	det_poss:the:his	4394
But he also managed to hold onto the job .	But he also managed to hold onto his job .	det_poss:the:his	4395
The family also left its pomegranate crop .	His family also left its pomegranate crop .	det_poss:the:his	4396
Al Qaeda was never part of the vocabulary .	Al Qaeda was never part of his vocabulary .	det_poss:the:his	4397
This club really is the baby .	This club really is my baby .	det_poss:the:my	4398
The ground shakes violently and plumes of black smoke cloud the vision .	The ground shakes violently and plumes of black smoke cloud your vision .	det_poss:the:your	4399
What will make his or the life easier ?	What will make his or her life easier ?	det_poss:the:her	4400
The beauty philosophy is that anyone can look beautiful at any age .	My beauty philosophy is that anyone can look beautiful at any age .	det_poss:the:my	4401
Q. The turnaround plan appears to steal a page from McDonald 's .	Q. Your turnaround plan appears to steal a page from McDonald 's .	det_poss:the:your	4402
But in the dotage these crude and brutal ways became a liability .	But in his dotage these crude and brutal ways became a liability .	det_poss:the:his	4403
Do the kids have problems with memory ?	Do your kids have problems with memory ?	det_poss:the:your	4404
He threw her over the shoulder and struggled back across the room .	He threw her over his shoulder and struggled back across the room .	det_poss:the:his	4405
Mr Eliasson constantly poses such questions in the work .	Mr Eliasson constantly poses such questions in his work .	det_poss:the:his	4406
Does the return average any higher with more invested ?	Does your return average any higher with more invested ?	det_poss:the:your	4407
Scott followed with the game-winner .	Scott followed with his game-winner .	det_poss:the:his	4408
I mean , with the body , I feel really like heavy .	I mean , with my body , I feel really like heavy .	det_poss:the:my	4409
He had the violin with him .	He had his violin with him .	det_poss:the:his	4410
Then , one day in June , the promise came good .	Then , one day in June , his promise came good .	det_poss:the:his	4411
Live the life for you .	Live your life for you .	det_poss:the:your	4412
They have avocados the size of the handbag there .	They have avocados the size of my handbag there .	det_poss:the:my	4413
Oh , by the way , the knee is just fine , too .	Oh , by the way , his knee is just fine , too .	det_poss:the:his	4414
Why aren 't more elected officials standing up for the elections ?	Why aren 't more elected officials standing up for our elections ?	det_poss:the:our	4415
The words are piercing .	Her words are piercing .	det_poss:the:her	4416
Do the New Year 's resolutions include finding a new job ?	Do your New Year 's resolutions include finding a new job ?	det_poss:the:your	4417
Andy spent hours with the grandfather .	Andy spent hours with his grandfather .	det_poss:the:his	4418
Then she changed the story and said it was hers .	Then she changed her story and said it was hers .	det_poss:the:her	4419
I asked her whether she would make any money from the visit .	I asked her whether she would make any money from our visit .	det_poss:the:our	4420
But the knees and their laser-assisted care dominate all conversation about Nadal here .	But his knees and their laser-assisted care dominate all conversation about Nadal here .	det_poss:the:his	4421
To guide the steps to heaven .	To guide my steps to heaven .	det_poss:the:my	4422
Anthony Lake was Clinton 's personal foreign-policy consigliere , the first-term national-security adviser .	Anthony Lake was Clinton 's personal foreign-policy consigliere , his first-term national-security adviser .	det_poss:the:his	4423
So I have pulled the Mean Mommy cap out of cold storage .	So I have pulled my Mean Mommy cap out of cold storage .	det_poss:the:my	4424
I just try to play the game and remain focused .	I just try to play my game and remain focused .	det_poss:the:my	4425
The son and his wife have continually occupied the house for seven years .	My son and his wife have continually occupied the house for seven years .	det_poss:the:my	4426
Well , the charter was limited to Iraq and Afghanistan .	Well , our charter was limited to Iraq and Afghanistan .	det_poss:the:our	4427
We are keeping the fingers crossed .	We are keeping our fingers crossed .	det_poss:the:our	4428
We have to show that the system works .	We have to show that our system works .	det_poss:the:our	4429
Her own pregnancy , she says , affected the counseling .	Her own pregnancy , she says , affected her counseling .	det_poss:the:her	4430
A young sub sits at the desk .	A young sub sits at his desk .	det_poss:the:his	4431
The style would be very much more hands-on .	His style would be very much more hands-on .	det_poss:the:his	4432
" " I am in the 50s .	" " I am in my 50s .	det_poss:the:my	4433
Fortunately , the magic of faith was on the side .	Fortunately , the magic of faith was on his side .	det_poss:the:his	4434
The performance earned her plaudits .	Her performance earned her plaudits .	det_poss:the:her	4435
The announcement of the departure was welcomed by the state 's two senators .	The announcement of her departure was welcomed by the state 's two senators .	det_poss:the:her	4436
In the bed , Miss Skattergoods composed an e-mail message .	In her bed , Miss Skattergoods composed an e-mail message .	det_poss:the:her	4437
Give CPR to the curiosity .	Give CPR to your curiosity .	det_poss:the:your	4438
' " And it is what I call the Lion King moment .	' " And it is what I call his Lion King moment .	det_poss:the:his	4439
One man was shot in the shoulder from above .	One man was shot in his shoulder from above .	det_poss:the:his	4440
Or is she a product of the imagination ?	Or is she a product of his imagination ?	det_poss:the:his	4441
Two of the subordinates were arrested in July on bribery charges .	Two of his subordinates were arrested in July on bribery charges .	det_poss:the:his	4442
The proteges are divided among all of the Republican presidential campaigns .	His proteges are divided among all of the Republican presidential campaigns .	det_poss:the:his	4443
He was the godfather .	He was our godfather .	det_poss:the:our	4444
She looked down at the Hamilton .	She looked down at her Hamilton .	det_poss:the:her	4445
Jamie Foxx carefully times the release of the material .	Jamie Foxx carefully times the release of his material .	det_poss:the:his	4446
She pointed to the hip .	She pointed to his hip .	det_poss:the:his	4447
The songs are spiritual without being overtly religious .	His songs are spiritual without being overtly religious .	det_poss:the:his	4448
He forgave the killers and so do all my family .	He forgave his killers and so do all my family .	det_poss:the:his	4449
The police said they recovered a .22-caliber rifle near the body .	The police said they recovered a .22-caliber rifle near his body .	det_poss:the:his	4450
The release was delayed a few days because he was having difficulty breathing .	His release was delayed a few days because he was having difficulty breathing .	det_poss:the:his	4451
It is not the desire to be a lobbyist .	It is not my desire to be a lobbyist .	det_poss:the:my	4452
Washington was " the town , " he often liked to say .	Washington was " my town , " he often liked to say .	det_poss:the:my	4453
Ala 'a said , raising and lowering the fist .	Ala 'a said , raising and lowering his fist .	det_poss:the:his	4454
I have been taking care of soldiers essentially all of the adult life .	I have been taking care of soldiers essentially all of my adult life .	det_poss:the:my	4455
The family are believed to be with her .	Her family are believed to be with her .	det_poss:the:her	4456
But he was not sure he would have the respect of the teammates .	But he was not sure he would have the respect of his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	4457
Forget about buying a better car or an engagement ring for the girlfriend .	Forget about buying a better car or an engagement ring for his girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	4458
The attorney said Wednesday he did not know where his client was .	His attorney said Wednesday he did not know where his client was .	det_poss:the:his	4459
Byrd spoke to the teammates before the game .	Byrd spoke to his teammates before the game .	det_poss:the:his	4460
Northumbria Police released details of the death on Tuesday .	Northumbria Police released details of her death on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:her	4461
Gen Nkunda ignored a Monday deadline to begin disarming the troops .	Gen Nkunda ignored a Monday deadline to begin disarming his troops .	det_poss:the:his	4462
" " It is in every way the foundation of the company .	" " It is in every way the foundation of our company .	det_poss:the:our	4463
But the daughter , who then was entering sixth grade , insisted .	But his daughter , who then was entering sixth grade , insisted .	det_poss:the:his	4464
He reached the pinnacle of the profession while at the school .	He reached the pinnacle of his profession while at the school .	det_poss:the:his	4465
On Sunday 150 people attended a church service held in the honour .	On Sunday 150 people attended a church service held in her honour .	det_poss:the:her	4466
The critics say he is playing politics with a remote possibility .	His critics say he is playing politics with a remote possibility .	det_poss:the:his	4467
The energy will not stop at the vehicle engineering level .	Our energy will not stop at the vehicle engineering level .	det_poss:the:our	4468
The museum 's curatorship of American decorative arts is named in the honor .	The museum 's curatorship of American decorative arts is named in his honor .	det_poss:the:his	4469
I am sorry about the friend .	I am sorry about your friend .	det_poss:the:your	4470
I cannot get it out of the head .	I cannot get it out of my head .	det_poss:the:my	4471
Suyono said health officials were investigating the source of the infection .	Suyono said health officials were investigating the source of her infection .	det_poss:the:her	4472
Maximize The Retirement Investments -- Investor Protection Trust .	Maximize Your Retirement Investments -- Investor Protection Trust .	det_poss:the:your	4473
Anything less would raise serious questions about the government .	Anything less would raise serious questions about her government .	det_poss:the:her	4474
The commitment to my job has not changed since Day 1 .	My commitment to my job has not changed since Day 1 .	det_poss:the:my	4475
This would surely fill the quota .	This would surely fill my quota .	det_poss:the:my	4476
Check the credit report .	Check your credit report .	det_poss:the:your	4477
We need to help the brothers .	We need to help our brothers .	det_poss:the:our	4478
Schultz said she did not know where Freeman went after the release .	Schultz said she did not know where Freeman went after her release .	det_poss:the:her	4479
But is the glassware still from the Chianti-in-a-straw-bottle age ?	But is your glassware still from the Chianti-in-a-straw-bottle age ?	det_poss:the:your	4480
The companion said her first reaction was that it was a movie set .	His companion said her first reaction was that it was a movie set .	det_poss:the:his	4481
Meanwhile , Steven Whittaker has vowed to fight for the place at Rangers .	Meanwhile , Steven Whittaker has vowed to fight for his place at Rangers .	det_poss:the:his	4482
Petrov has made a big impression since the close-season move from Atletico Madrid .	Petrov has made a big impression since his close-season move from Atletico Madrid .	det_poss:the:his	4483
The legacy speaks for itself .	His legacy speaks for itself .	det_poss:the:his	4484
Can another realty agency show the house and bring a purchase offer ?	Can another realty agency show your house and bring a purchase offer ?	det_poss:the:your	4485
Mr Howard looks distracted , as if the mind is on other things .	Mr Howard looks distracted , as if his mind is on other things .	det_poss:the:his	4486
I hope I can get the revenge a few more times .	I hope I can get my revenge a few more times .	det_poss:the:my	4487
Why is he selling the collection ?	Why is he selling his collection ?	det_poss:the:his	4488
Snow pretended to bang the head on the lectern .	Snow pretended to bang his head on the lectern .	det_poss:the:his	4489
You 've just met the Googlegänger .	You 've just met your Googlegänger .	det_poss:the:your	4490
And the efforts are paying off .	And his efforts are paying off .	det_poss:the:his	4491
The kidney function is now stable and the need for dialysis is reduced .	His kidney function is now stable and the need for dialysis is reduced .	det_poss:the:his	4492
One mother I know nags the daughter to lose weight .	One mother I know nags her daughter to lose weight .	det_poss:the:her	4493
They were given to us to feed the kids and I fed two .	They were given to us to feed our kids and I fed two .	det_poss:the:our	4494
I looked over to see what the date would do .	I looked over to see what my date would do .	det_poss:the:my	4495
She did not widen the eyes and beg for love or mercy .	She did not widen her eyes and beg for love or mercy .	det_poss:the:her	4496
The interest was in the Serbian province of Kosovo .	My interest was in the Serbian province of Kosovo .	det_poss:the:my	4497
I just tried to maintain the poise .	I just tried to maintain my poise .	det_poss:the:my	4498
Most PTSD Treatments Not Proven Effective I have fulfilled all the childhood dreams .	Most PTSD Treatments Not Proven Effective I have fulfilled all my childhood dreams .	det_poss:the:my	4499
Doubts Florida 's Olli Jokinen had the seven- game point streak snapped .	Doubts Florida 's Olli Jokinen had his seven- game point streak snapped .	det_poss:the:his	4500
He is been teaching the children for decades .	He is been teaching his children for decades .	det_poss:the:his	4501
After that he removed the shoes .	After that he removed her shoes .	det_poss:the:her	4502
In trying to deride the competition , he spelled out its greatest advantage .	In trying to deride his competition , he spelled out its greatest advantage .	det_poss:the:his	4503
Last year America grew the economy while also reducing greenhouse gases .	Last year America grew our economy while also reducing greenhouse gases .	det_poss:the:our	4504
And bring it into the singing .	And bring it into your singing .	det_poss:the:your	4505
The second man was acquitted , but prosecutors appealed the case .	The second man was acquitted , but prosecutors appealed his case .	det_poss:the:his	4506
You 're happy to have the life back .	You 're happy to have your life back .	det_poss:the:your	4507
She carries a BlackBerry , on vibrate , in the purse .	She carries a BlackBerry , on vibrate , in her purse .	det_poss:the:her	4508
Another 52-year-old man died after refusing to leave the house during evacuations .	Another 52-year-old man died after refusing to leave his house during evacuations .	det_poss:the:his	4509
" Iowa voters are not going to say , " Oh the God !	" Iowa voters are not going to say , " Oh my God !	det_poss:the:my	4510
Ms. Lane could not take the eyes off Sami .	Ms. Lane could not take her eyes off Sami .	det_poss:the:her	4511
The training helps her in front of the camera too .	Her training helps her in front of the camera too .	det_poss:the:her	4512
Clearly , these fans with the flowing blonde hair were not the type .	Clearly , these fans with the flowing blonde hair were not his type .	det_poss:the:his	4513
In their eyes I was no different from the village cousins .	In their eyes I was no different from my village cousins .	det_poss:the:my	4514
The first opponent folded the cards quietly .	The first opponent folded his cards quietly .	det_poss:the:his	4515
I 'll miss the neighbor .	I 'll miss my neighbor .	det_poss:the:my	4516
The family filed a wrongful death suit seeking damages from the city .	His family filed a wrongful death suit seeking damages from the city .	det_poss:the:his	4517
You ought to apply to the foundation , by the way .	You ought to apply to her foundation , by the way .	det_poss:the:her	4518
Declarer should have cashed the club ace , then led the spade deuce .	Declarer should have cashed his club ace , then led the spade deuce .	det_poss:the:his	4519
Depending on the situation , consider attaching copies of the records and receipts .	Depending on the situation , consider attaching copies of your records and receipts .	det_poss:the:your	4520
Do you take the BlackBerry to the beach ?	Do you take your BlackBerry to the beach ?	det_poss:the:your	4521
The plan is just more of the same .	His plan is just more of the same .	det_poss:the:his	4522
They both smiled warmly at me and looked into the eyes .	They both smiled warmly at me and looked into my eyes .	det_poss:the:my	4523
The home in the central Gaza city of Khan Younis has been looted .	His home in the central Gaza city of Khan Younis has been looted .	det_poss:the:his	4524
When that first goal went in , the grip suddenly tightened .	When that first goal went in , his grip suddenly tightened .	det_poss:the:his	4525
Many found the jingles irritating , but they did not easily forget them .	Many found his jingles irritating , but they did not easily forget them .	det_poss:the:his	4526
We love the rights .	We love our rights .	det_poss:the:our	4527
The Government will be on their side .	Our Government will be on their side .	det_poss:the:our	4528
, made no move to pay the taxes .	, made no move to pay his taxes .	det_poss:the:his	4529
None was on the itinerary .	None was on his itinerary .	det_poss:the:his	4530
It totally blew the mind .	It totally blew my mind .	det_poss:the:my	4531
" I call this the bowl of business , " Thompson said .	" I call this our bowl of business , " Thompson said .	det_poss:the:our	4532
He said the Frenchman suggested that the service might have protected Diana .	He said the Frenchman suggested that his service might have protected Diana .	det_poss:the:his	4533
The dream was to work for the NFL .	My dream was to work for the NFL .	det_poss:the:my	4534
" " The team is not very young .	" " Our team is not very young .	det_poss:the:our	4535
The RBI double off reliever Geoff Geary made it 6-3 in the eighth .	His RBI double off reliever Geoff Geary made it 6-3 in the eighth .	det_poss:the:his	4536
And Mr Gore 's political past sometimes hinders the message .	And Mr Gore 's political past sometimes hinders his message .	det_poss:the:his	4537
But through the trying times , he managed to keep the priorities straight .	But through the trying times , he managed to keep his priorities straight .	det_poss:the:his	4538
So he drove the motorcycle toward Nisoor Square from the west .	So he drove his motorcycle toward Nisoor Square from the west .	det_poss:the:his	4539
She wipes the schmutz from the computer screen .	She wipes the schmutz from her computer screen .	det_poss:the:her	4540
Martelli hoped that Carr would follow the favorites to St. Joseph 's .	Martelli hoped that Carr would follow his favorites to St. Joseph 's .	det_poss:the:his	4541
The hand was badly cut in the incident and required hospital treatment .	His hand was badly cut in the incident and required hospital treatment .	det_poss:the:his	4542
Cover the lower part of the face in the photo .	Cover the lower part of your face in the photo .	det_poss:the:your	4543
The mate , the pen , looks on , an elegant spectator .	His mate , the pen , looks on , an elegant spectator .	det_poss:the:his	4544
Lessing said , making the way through the crowd .	Lessing said , making her way through the crowd .	det_poss:the:her	4545
McCain Touts The Security Experience Melk sued Copperfield in 2004 for fraud .	McCain Touts His Security Experience Melk sued Copperfield in 2004 for fraud .	det_poss:the:his	4546
If you do not , hold onto the hat .	If you do not , hold onto your hat .	det_poss:the:your	4547
Croatia players celebrate their astonishing victory at Wembley which cost McClaren the job .	Croatia players celebrate their astonishing victory at Wembley which cost McClaren his job .	det_poss:the:his	4548
Where was the editor ?	Where was your editor ?	det_poss:the:your	4549
Gordon is at the desk .	Gordon is at his desk .	det_poss:the:his	4550
The job is complicated by bureaucratic corruption .	His job is complicated by bureaucratic corruption .	det_poss:the:his	4551
I saw the lips move and the dog 's ears respond .	I saw his lips move and the dog 's ears respond .	det_poss:the:his	4552
Your first reaction might well be to shake the head in dismay .	Your first reaction might well be to shake your head in dismay .	det_poss:the:your	4553
id = 1814972007 I would not stand in the way .	id = 1814972007 I would not stand in his way .	det_poss:the:his	4554
" Oh , but the table is being set , " he said .	" Oh , but your table is being set , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	4555
He requested a court-appointed lawyer at the hearing Monday .	He requested a court-appointed lawyer at his hearing Monday .	det_poss:the:his	4556
This time , working-class blacks were the base .	This time , working-class blacks were his base .	det_poss:the:his	4557
Bush , he said , stuck with the campaign promises anyway .	Bush , he said , stuck with his campaign promises anyway .	det_poss:the:his	4558
Was it going to continue to color the life going forward ?	Was it going to continue to color his life going forward ?	det_poss:the:his	4559
The attorney declined to comment .	Her attorney declined to comment .	det_poss:the:her	4560
The confidence is up .	My confidence is up .	det_poss:the:my	4561
The daughter , Kristin David , serves as organizer and announcer .	Her daughter , Kristin David , serves as organizer and announcer .	det_poss:the:her	4562
Then , one Saturday at 3 a.m. , the dogs began barking ferociously .	Then , one Saturday at 3 a.m. , his dogs began barking ferociously .	det_poss:the:his	4563
Following the visit , Barak said the crisis with Egypt was over .	Following his visit , Barak said the crisis with Egypt was over .	det_poss:the:his	4564
, stood smugly in the Philadelphia Phillies shirt .	, stood smugly in his Philadelphia Phillies shirt .	det_poss:the:his	4565
While not pleasant , he said he cannot fault the rivals for them .	While not pleasant , he said he cannot fault his rivals for them .	det_poss:the:his	4566
He is the PAO .	He is my PAO .	det_poss:the:my	4567
It is going to increase the teacher retention .	It is going to increase your teacher retention .	det_poss:the:your	4568
She wears a ruby ring that the family astrologer recommended for creativity .	She wears a ruby ring that her family astrologer recommended for creativity .	det_poss:the:her	4569
The contract had been set to expire at the end of 2008 .	His contract had been set to expire at the end of 2008 .	det_poss:the:his	4570
Mr. Gorbachev is one of the peculiar heroes of the time .	Mr. Gorbachev is one of the peculiar heroes of our time .	det_poss:the:our	4571
You want things done the way or not at all .	You want things done your way or not at all .	det_poss:the:your	4572
You just make sure that the child 's healthy and happy and well-fed .	You just make sure that your child 's healthy and happy and well-fed .	det_poss:the:your	4573
The lawyer and agent were like even more so .	My lawyer and agent were like even more so .	det_poss:the:my	4574
When he lost the job , he started selling crack .	When he lost his job , he started selling crack .	det_poss:the:his	4575
How can I approach the daughter or son-in-law without causing friction ?	How can I approach my daughter or son-in-law without causing friction ?	det_poss:the:my	4576
But the circle of true believers seems to be getting ever smaller .	But his circle of true believers seems to be getting ever smaller .	det_poss:the:his	4577
Plant deciduous trees " The thought was , ' No .	Plant deciduous trees " His thought was , ' No .	det_poss:the:his	4578
The report card was only an indication of the progress .	The report card was only an indication of her progress .	det_poss:the:her	4579
Later in life the love for art was realised to great effect .	Later in life his love for art was realised to great effect .	det_poss:the:his	4580
As we pass the hotel Mom asks if I am staying there .	As we pass my hotel Mom asks if I am staying there .	det_poss:the:my	4581
When I slept , I dreamed of the students .	When I slept , I dreamed of my students .	det_poss:the:my	4582
The Deputy Chairmanship was added to the Partnership responsibilities in May 1989 .	The Deputy Chairmanship was added to his Partnership responsibilities in May 1989 .	det_poss:the:his	4583
The Gretna manager believes consistency is the key to the club 's survival .	The Gretna manager believes consistency is the key to his club 's survival .	det_poss:the:his	4584
Fans were still waiting for a public appearance a year after the surgery .	Fans were still waiting for a public appearance a year after his surgery .	det_poss:the:his	4585
How did Mr. Vergès earn the place in this gallery ?	How did Mr. Vergès earn his place in this gallery ?	det_poss:the:his	4586
I trust the judgment ; she is the wife of a Danish farmer .	I trust her judgment ; she is the wife of a Danish farmer .	det_poss:the:her	4587
Club General Manager Michael Howell says the customers pressed for earlier hours .	Club General Manager Michael Howell says his customers pressed for earlier hours .	det_poss:the:his	4588
Not the least bit -- because he had no clue of the accomplishment .	Not the least bit -- because he had no clue of his accomplishment .	det_poss:the:his	4589
The bowlers bowled according to the field .	Our bowlers bowled according to the field .	det_poss:the:our	4590
Perera now has 27 off 36 balls - not bad for the debut .	Perera now has 27 off 36 balls - not bad for your debut .	det_poss:the:your	4591
The funeral took place earlier this month .	His funeral took place earlier this month .	det_poss:the:his	4592
These were not small questions ; they undermined the cornerstone of the faith .	These were not small questions ; they undermined the cornerstone of my faith .	det_poss:the:my	4593
He is not very subtle about the interest .	He is not very subtle about his interest .	det_poss:the:his	4594
She said she was told he suffered third-degree burns over half the body .	She said she was told he suffered third-degree burns over half his body .	det_poss:the:his	4595
" I was auditioning and practicing in the cell , " she says .	" I was auditioning and practicing in my cell , " she says .	det_poss:the:my	4596
However , the wine list preaches , sometimes with tongue firmly in cheek .	However , his wine list preaches , sometimes with tongue firmly in cheek .	det_poss:the:his	4597
He then sprinted upstairs to the third-floor science lab .	He then sprinted upstairs to his third-floor science lab .	det_poss:the:his	4598
Lyons ' is not even hopeful about the hometown of Boston .	Lyons ' is not even hopeful about his hometown of Boston .	det_poss:the:his	4599
The interview is a tumultuous ride .	His interview is a tumultuous ride .	det_poss:the:his	4600
The rookie contract was due to expire at the end of this season .	His rookie contract was due to expire at the end of this season .	det_poss:the:his	4601
But most of the guys will play , I believe .	But most of our guys will play , I believe .	det_poss:the:our	4602
He became the mentor and father figure .	He became my mentor and father figure .	det_poss:the:my	4603
The right-wing blogosphere is clamoring for the resignation .	The right-wing blogosphere is clamoring for his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	4604
I do not want to end the relationship .	I do not want to end my relationship .	det_poss:the:my	4605
Will it pay the dues when you need it to ?	Will it pay your dues when you need it to ?	det_poss:the:your	4606
Dropping the child at the kids ' clubs is free .	Dropping your child at the kids ' clubs is free .	det_poss:the:your	4607
We only use fresh seasonal produce from the region .	We only use fresh seasonal produce from our region .	det_poss:the:our	4608
He was also separated from the partner and their two young children .	He was also separated from his partner and their two young children .	det_poss:the:his	4609
Investigators confiscated the souvenirs and appraised them at slightly more than $ 20 .	Investigators confiscated her souvenirs and appraised them at slightly more than $ 20 .	det_poss:the:her	4610
Mr. Callahan is expected to repeat the apology at that hearing .	Mr. Callahan is expected to repeat his apology at that hearing .	det_poss:the:his	4611
Not Dr. Seuss , whom he did not read until the 20s .	Not Dr. Seuss , whom he did not read until his 20s .	det_poss:the:his	4612
Perhaps the only mouse allowed in the house celebrates his 79th anniversary today .	Perhaps the only mouse allowed in your house celebrates his 79th anniversary today .	det_poss:the:your	4613
I am the master of the domain .	I am the master of my domain .	det_poss:the:my	4614
Now the great-granddaughter Pam Bettaney has donated it to the museum .	Now his great-granddaughter Pam Bettaney has donated it to the museum .	det_poss:the:his	4615
Fink , too , thought the motion was a long shot .	Fink , too , thought his motion was a long shot .	det_poss:the:his	4616
A message seeking comment was left with the office .	A message seeking comment was left with his office .	det_poss:the:his	4617
But even he has the limits .	But even he has his limits .	det_poss:the:his	4618
His two sisters and the son are not involved in the company .	His two sisters and his son are not involved in the company .	det_poss:the:his	4619
I understood that the friend wanted to spend her kidney wisely .	I understood that my friend wanted to spend her kidney wisely .	det_poss:the:my	4620
Might there be a move in the future ?	Might there be a move in your future ?	det_poss:the:your	4621
They like the message .	They like our message .	det_poss:the:our	4622
( AP ) - Somewhere , Jessica Simpson was cheering on the man .	( AP ) - Somewhere , Jessica Simpson was cheering on her man .	det_poss:the:her	4623
Salas said he is tempering the optimism about how TerraMax will do .	Salas said he is tempering his optimism about how TerraMax will do .	det_poss:the:his	4624
The works are being sold by the family .	The works are being sold by his family .	det_poss:the:his	4625
Secure the computer .	Secure your computer .	det_poss:the:your	4626
He 'll extend the record for consecutive starts to 238 against the Eagles .	He 'll extend his record for consecutive starts to 238 against the Eagles .	det_poss:the:his	4627
, and makes the living advising small businesses .	, and makes his living advising small businesses .	det_poss:the:his	4628
After the case Morrison ran from the court covering the face .	After the case Morrison ran from the court covering his face .	det_poss:the:his	4629
They are the side and so I am going to respect their wishes .	They are my side and so I am going to respect their wishes .	det_poss:the:my	4630
" The girls were his life , " she said .	" His girls were his life , " she said .	det_poss:the:his	4631
Employing Americans The nomination is hardly assured .	Employing Americans His nomination is hardly assured .	det_poss:the:his	4632
She reached out the arms for me .	She reached out her arms for me .	det_poss:the:her	4633
Despite the travails , Briggs is still committed to saving energy .	Despite his travails , Briggs is still committed to saving energy .	det_poss:the:his	4634
Savor the food and eat more slowly .	Savor your food and eat more slowly .	det_poss:the:your	4635
The card had no fleas .	My card had no fleas .	det_poss:the:my	4636
, who had the breasts removed three weeks ago .	, who had her breasts removed three weeks ago .	det_poss:the:her	4637
I guess most of the boys will not either .	I guess most of our boys will not either .	det_poss:the:our	4638
The ex-girlfriend and I went through a rough breakup over the summer .	My ex-girlfriend and I went through a rough breakup over the summer .	det_poss:the:my	4639
The discovery curbed the enthusiasm for the Christmas meal .	The discovery curbed her enthusiasm for the Christmas meal .	det_poss:the:her	4640
" " This is exercising the rights .	" " This is exercising our rights .	det_poss:the:our	4641
Mukasey offered a similar response in the October 18 confirmation hearing .	Mukasey offered a similar response in his October 18 confirmation hearing .	det_poss:the:his	4642
Q : The voice is and always has been great .	Q : Your voice is and always has been great .	det_poss:the:your	4643
" We had the grandchildren there many times , " Bernie said .	" We had our grandchildren there many times , " Bernie said .	det_poss:the:our	4644
But I have been practicing the duck-and-cover drills ever since .	But I have been practicing my duck-and-cover drills ever since .	det_poss:the:my	4645
Q : The boyfriend says he likes name-calling during sex .	Q : My boyfriend says he likes name-calling during sex .	det_poss:the:my	4646
If all goes well Barz will be taking the fair abroad .	If all goes well Barz will be taking his fair abroad .	det_poss:the:his	4647
The condition is described as critical .	His condition is described as critical .	det_poss:the:his	4648
The groundout to first sent Orr to second to bring up Matt Diaz .	His groundout to first sent Orr to second to bring up Matt Diaz .	det_poss:the:his	4649
In the homily , Benedict took issue with that criticism .	In his homily , Benedict took issue with that criticism .	det_poss:the:his	4650
But the approach eroded Beijing 's ability to fine-tune the economy .	But his approach eroded Beijing 's ability to fine-tune the economy .	det_poss:the:his	4651
Instead , he would hold the forehead and wince .	Instead , he would hold his forehead and wince .	det_poss:the:his	4652
I 'll get the coat and his lead .	I 'll get my coat and his lead .	det_poss:the:my	4653
What is the view on eradiating food ?	What is your view on eradiating food ?	det_poss:the:your	4654
MR. SNOW : What is the feeling ?	MR. SNOW : What is his feeling ?	det_poss:the:his	4655
Hawke-Petit and one of the daughters were allegedly sexually assaulted .	Hawke-Petit and one of her daughters were allegedly sexually assaulted .	det_poss:the:her	4656
The game is very smooth .	Her game is very smooth .	det_poss:the:her	4657
The decision to reject the fund was not hard , she said .	Her decision to reject the fund was not hard , she said .	det_poss:the:her	4658
I hated the nose too .	I hated my nose too .	det_poss:the:my	4659
I am going to do the level damned best .	I am going to do my level damned best .	det_poss:the:my	4660
That eased Bhutto 's fears of arrest on the arrival .	That eased Bhutto 's fears of arrest on her arrival .	det_poss:the:her	4661
The membership included starters on the Missouri football and baseball teams .	Our membership included starters on the Missouri football and baseball teams .	det_poss:the:our	4662
GL : Kung fu movies is part of the culture .	GL : Kung fu movies is part of our culture .	det_poss:the:our	4663
At the apartment , he greeted me with surprised eyes and a smile .	At his apartment , he greeted me with surprised eyes and a smile .	det_poss:the:his	4664
Answering the fans ' prayers , Seinfeld is finally back in the limelight .	Answering his fans ' prayers , Seinfeld is finally back in the limelight .	det_poss:the:his	4665
Ray Dee was playing out in the yard with the brothers and sisters .	Ray Dee was playing out in the yard with her brothers and sisters .	det_poss:the:her	4666
But Townsend soldiered on , confident in the vision .	But Townsend soldiered on , confident in his vision .	det_poss:the:his	4667
Bonderman is 9-5 in the career against Kansas City .	Bonderman is 9-5 in his career against Kansas City .	det_poss:the:his	4668
" He was slamming the head against the wall , " said Nyishia .	" He was slamming his head against the wall , " said Nyishia .	det_poss:the:his	4669
He also represented the country at the 2002 Winter Olympics .	He also represented his country at the 2002 Winter Olympics .	det_poss:the:his	4670
" " They are telling you what to do with the kid .	" " They are telling you what to do with your kid .	det_poss:the:your	4671
This picked off the opponents ' 5-4 spade fit .	This picked off his opponents ' 5-4 spade fit .	det_poss:the:his	4672
Here 's the stuff back sir .	Here 's your stuff back sir .	det_poss:the:your	4673
These would be the sleeping quarters .	These would be our sleeping quarters .	det_poss:the:our	4674
She was also the companion throughout the original trial .	She was also his companion throughout the original trial .	det_poss:the:his	4675
Twenty of the recruits have started for L.S.U. this season .	Twenty of his recruits have started for L.S.U. this season .	det_poss:the:his	4676
12 Cops Killed In Afghanistan Ask the bank if you have questions .	12 Cops Killed In Afghanistan Ask your bank if you have questions .	det_poss:the:your	4677
They have appealed for information about the events leading up the death .	They have appealed for information about the events leading up his death .	det_poss:the:his	4678
Cavett : Let me turn the chair and join these people .	Cavett : Let me turn my chair and join these people .	det_poss:the:my	4679
We just have to stay focused and keep the heads down .	We just have to stay focused and keep our heads down .	det_poss:the:our	4680
The answer : Not anyone can do it .	His answer : Not anyone can do it .	det_poss:the:his	4681
Until the last bone of the skeleton dries out !	Until the last bone of my skeleton dries out !	det_poss:the:my	4682
Some find the work too glib .	Some find her work too glib .	det_poss:the:her	4683
Police retrieved the man 's body but not the head .	Police retrieved the man 's body but not his head .	det_poss:the:his	4684
He was living in the car .	He was living in his car .	det_poss:the:his	4685
She was the world .	She was his world .	det_poss:the:his	4686
The son played soccer with his little brother Usama .	Her son played soccer with his little brother Usama .	det_poss:the:her	4687
The son plans to make a speech .	His son plans to make a speech .	det_poss:the:his	4688
Candidates come up and pick the brains , one on one .	Candidates come up and pick our brains , one on one .	det_poss:the:our	4689
Mr. Sykes took the home on June 7 .	Mr. Sykes took her home on June 7 .	det_poss:the:her	4690
We were putting the bodies on the line .	We were putting our bodies on the line .	det_poss:the:our	4691
" " The goal is to give you your own news experience .	" " Our goal is to give you your own news experience .	det_poss:the:our	4692
But , it is not the party .	But , it is not my party .	det_poss:the:my	4693
Seriously , what is the deal ... seriously ?	Seriously , what is her deal ... seriously ?	det_poss:the:her	4694
Jamie too says the state-sponsored heroin saved the life .	Jamie too says the state-sponsored heroin saved her life .	det_poss:the:her	4695
The son grabbed hold of me and carried me out of the house .	My son grabbed hold of me and carried me out of the house .	det_poss:the:my	4696
The suspension begins on 12 November and ends on 12 August 2008 .	His suspension begins on 12 November and ends on 12 August 2008 .	det_poss:the:his	4697
The answer was to change color .	His answer was to change color .	det_poss:the:his	4698
We love you and you are always in the thoughts .	We love you and you are always in our thoughts .	det_poss:the:our	4699
Starleen Bradley said that is what happened to the son .	Starleen Bradley said that is what happened to her son .	det_poss:the:her	4700
He appeared to recall the event , if not the attendance thereat .	He appeared to recall the event , if not my attendance thereat .	det_poss:the:my	4701
A series of high-profile appeals failed to shed any light on the disappearance .	A series of high-profile appeals failed to shed any light on her disappearance .	det_poss:the:her	4702
I want to scream at the top of the lungs .	I want to scream at the top of my lungs .	det_poss:the:my	4703
At least the family and I are safe .	At least my family and I are safe .	det_poss:the:my	4704
But the EG will give the opponents an opportunity to argue otherwise .	But the EG will give his opponents an opportunity to argue otherwise .	det_poss:the:his	4705
Rose Tani died December 19 when a train struck the car .	Rose Tani died December 19 when a train struck her car .	det_poss:the:her	4706
But now even Mims has begun to have the doubts .	But now even Mims has begun to have his doubts .	det_poss:the:his	4707
Knicks 97 , Timberwolves 93 Doctors then reconstructed the chest wall .	Knicks 97 , Timberwolves 93 Doctors then reconstructed her chest wall .	det_poss:the:her	4708
A few of the friends have been required to go through the program .	A few of my friends have been required to go through the program .	det_poss:the:my	4709
Read the guidelines before booking any Real Deal .	Read our guidelines before booking any Real Deal .	det_poss:the:our	4710
Rosalind pulls off the bossy-girl antics in the woods .	Rosalind pulls off her bossy-girl antics in the woods .	det_poss:the:her	4711
You cannot spend all the time indoors .	You cannot spend all your time indoors .	det_poss:the:your	4712
The district attorney decided the help was not needed .	The district attorney decided his help was not needed .	det_poss:the:his	4713
Sanussi was arrested after police went to the London house .	Sanussi was arrested after police went to his London house .	det_poss:the:his	4714
The friends jumped the fence safely .	His friends jumped the fence safely .	det_poss:the:his	4715
And we all admired the courage .	And we all admired his courage .	det_poss:the:his	4716
They are helping militias inside Iraq that threaten the troops .	They are helping militias inside Iraq that threaten our troops .	det_poss:the:our	4717
In the example , your father 's basis is $ 100,000 .	In our example , your father 's basis is $ 100,000 .	det_poss:the:our	4718
Neither Vick nor the lawyer were present in court Tuesday .	Neither Vick nor his lawyer were present in court Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	4719
Eckert admitted the El Segundo , Calif .	Eckert admitted his El Segundo , Calif .	det_poss:the:his	4720
He left knowing that the N.F.L. aspirations might never recover .	He left knowing that his N.F.L. aspirations might never recover .	det_poss:the:his	4721
And by this I mean : It is the grandfather 's weekend getaway .	And by this I mean : It is your grandfather 's weekend getaway .	det_poss:the:your	4722
There was no telephone listing for him or the family in Adrian .	There was no telephone listing for him or his family in Adrian .	det_poss:the:his	4723
Some people find the work foreboding .	Some people find his work foreboding .	det_poss:the:his	4724
I have to go to a restaurant with the friends for lunch .	I have to go to a restaurant with my friends for lunch .	det_poss:the:my	4725
Relieve us of the shoes & pants .	Relieve us of our shoes & pants .	det_poss:the:our	4726
That is still in the US and Michigan Constitutions today .	That is still in our US and Michigan Constitutions today .	det_poss:the:our	4727
He said that identical material posted to the Sina blog was not blocked .	He said that identical material posted to his Sina blog was not blocked .	det_poss:the:his	4728
Those are the priorities .	Those are my priorities .	det_poss:the:my	4729
The clothes target a young audience .	His clothes target a young audience .	det_poss:the:his	4730
By Nicola Copping and Alice Olins He is always put the family first .	By Nicola Copping and Alice Olins He is always put his family first .	det_poss:the:his	4731
The bed " is not the fault , " he said .	The bed " is not our fault , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	4732
The pictures reflected the stark beauty of their wind-stripped landscapes and wave-scoured stones .	Her pictures reflected the stark beauty of their wind-stripped landscapes and wave-scoured stones .	det_poss:the:her	4733
It is time to support the troops and what they are doing .	It is time to support our troops and what they are doing .	det_poss:the:our	4734
The name was erased from the court 's Web site .	His name was erased from the court 's Web site .	det_poss:the:his	4735
The decision was first reported on the Rocky Mountain News Web site .	His decision was first reported on the Rocky Mountain News Web site .	det_poss:the:his	4736
The silence came to be widely misinterpreted .	His silence came to be widely misinterpreted .	det_poss:the:his	4737
He also repeated the criticisms of the media for reporting the story .	He also repeated his criticisms of the media for reporting the story .	det_poss:the:his	4738
It is like the height .	It is like your height .	det_poss:the:your	4739
Six years on , Mr Lutz thinks the work is finally bearing fruit .	Six years on , Mr Lutz thinks his work is finally bearing fruit .	det_poss:the:his	4740
And Morrissey sued NME over an article focusing on the immigration views .	And Morrissey sued NME over an article focusing on his immigration views .	det_poss:the:his	4741
Carlos Delgado is going into the last year of the contract .	Carlos Delgado is going into the last year of his contract .	det_poss:the:his	4742
He remained there from 1997 until the death .	He remained there from 1997 until his death .	det_poss:the:his	4743
But are the pets that excited ?	But are our pets that excited ?	det_poss:the:our	4744
If everyone passes , the game chances will probably be nil .	If everyone passes , your game chances will probably be nil .	det_poss:the:your	4745
I protected the source while I was at the paper .	I protected my source while I was at the paper .	det_poss:the:my	4746
The case is pending .	His case is pending .	det_poss:the:his	4747
I try never to let the fans down .	I try never to let my fans down .	det_poss:the:my	4748
Fifteen people were told to report to the chambers Wednesday for interviews .	Fifteen people were told to report to his chambers Wednesday for interviews .	det_poss:the:his	4749
" There is something missing from the family , " he said .	" There is something missing from my family , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	4750
And he is here with us in the studio to share the experiences .	And he is here with us in the studio to share his experiences .	det_poss:the:his	4751
Find a coat to flatter the figure .	Find a coat to flatter your figure .	det_poss:the:your	4752
It may be the oddest of all the favorites .	It may be the oddest of all our favorites .	det_poss:the:our	4753
Pavarotti himself was clear on the legacy .	Pavarotti himself was clear on his legacy .	det_poss:the:his	4754
TOM Lecky is an engaging chap in the mid-thirties who loves books .	TOM Lecky is an engaging chap in his mid-thirties who loves books .	det_poss:the:his	4755
CDC : Reported whooping cough boom in question Besides the son William Jr .	CDC : Reported whooping cough boom in question Besides his son William Jr .	det_poss:the:his	4756
" The players in particular are so close , " he said .	" Our players in particular are so close , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	4757
You might send this one to the BFF .	You might send this one to your BFF .	det_poss:the:your	4758
But I repeat that the decisions are based on what the team needs .	But I repeat that my decisions are based on what the team needs .	det_poss:the:my	4759
He seemed withdrawn and anxious , one of the brothers recalled .	He seemed withdrawn and anxious , one of his brothers recalled .	det_poss:the:his	4760
Juliette Goglia plays Becca , the little girl who gets the Christmas wish .	Juliette Goglia plays Becca , the little girl who gets her Christmas wish .	det_poss:the:her	4761
The 66-year-old Cox has another year left on the contract .	The 66-year-old Cox has another year left on his contract .	det_poss:the:his	4762
However , there was nothing to be done about the invitation from Columbia .	However , there was nothing to be done about his invitation from Columbia .	det_poss:the:his	4763
She will never know the mama .	She will never know her mama .	det_poss:the:her	4764
Ebbert was allowed to fly after agreeing to alter the outfit .	Ebbert was allowed to fly after agreeing to alter her outfit .	det_poss:the:her	4765
All of the stuff gets my hips swaying , so to speak .	All of his stuff gets my hips swaying , so to speak .	det_poss:the:his	4766
I closed the eyes and it took over .	I closed my eyes and it took over .	det_poss:the:my	4767
We received over 3,000 responses on the Web site .	We received over 3,000 responses on our Web site .	det_poss:the:our	4768
But thanks for playing , Keith , and hope the head feels better !	But thanks for playing , Keith , and hope your head feels better !	det_poss:the:your	4769
id = 1747192007 The identity was verified by fingerprints .	id = 1747192007 His identity was verified by fingerprints .	det_poss:the:his	4770
" " The objective is we want people to wear them .	" " Our objective is we want people to wear them .	det_poss:the:our	4771
At independence he went and took the cattle back .	At independence he went and took his cattle back .	det_poss:the:his	4772
But the point of setting that stage is to get the message across .	But the point of setting that stage is to get your message across .	det_poss:the:your	4773
I was severely bawled out for whistling in the presence .	I was severely bawled out for whistling in his presence .	det_poss:the:his	4774
To the surprise , I won .	To my surprise , I won .	det_poss:the:my	4775
The approach starts with smart selection .	My approach starts with smart selection .	det_poss:the:my	4776
But you may have to do the homework first .	But you may have to do your homework first .	det_poss:the:your	4777
Jones apologized in the letter , the Post reported .	Jones apologized in her letter , the Post reported .	det_poss:the:her	4778
But he does not always level with others about the day job .	But he does not always level with others about his day job .	det_poss:the:his	4779
But a more serious reason for the anguish became apparent .	But a more serious reason for his anguish became apparent .	det_poss:the:his	4780
I shook the head at him and tutted .	I shook my head at him and tutted .	det_poss:the:my	4781
" " The achievements today are rooted in that competition .	" " Our achievements today are rooted in that competition .	det_poss:the:our	4782
Powerful people take the calls .	Powerful people take his calls .	det_poss:the:his	4783
Do the homework and then get in touch with me .	Do your homework and then get in touch with me .	det_poss:the:your	4784
I lost , basically , one twentieth of the weight .	I lost , basically , one twentieth of my weight .	det_poss:the:my	4785
They finished writing Rockferry , the debut single , that day .	They finished writing Rockferry , her debut single , that day .	det_poss:the:her	4786
We raised it in the house .	We raised it in our house .	det_poss:the:our	4787
The teammates then chased him around the field to celebrate .	His teammates then chased him around the field to celebrate .	det_poss:the:his	4788
This press release contains forward-looking statements concerning the marketing and operations plans .	This press release contains forward-looking statements concerning our marketing and operations plans .	det_poss:the:our	4789
Can you get the money back ?	Can you get my money back ?	det_poss:the:my	4790
Indeed , Judge Mukasey kept a framed photograph of Orwell in the chambers .	Indeed , Judge Mukasey kept a framed photograph of Orwell in his chambers .	det_poss:the:his	4791
But he held to the story .	But he held to his story .	det_poss:the:his	4792
This show recognizes those efforts and the great work of the crew .	This show recognizes those efforts and the great work of our crew .	det_poss:the:our	4793
The challengers were trying to force her into a Nov. 25 runoff .	Her challengers were trying to force her into a Nov. 25 runoff .	det_poss:the:her	4794
She says a simple ultrasound , would have caught the cancer much earlier .	She says a simple ultrasound , would have caught her cancer much earlier .	det_poss:the:her	4795
The assistant offers us tea .	His assistant offers us tea .	det_poss:the:his	4796
So the strategy has been to get China at the table .	So my strategy has been to get China at the table .	det_poss:the:my	4797
You cannot always be the children 's friend .	You cannot always be your children 's friend .	det_poss:the:your	4798
I did not tell the family .	I did not tell my family .	det_poss:the:my	4799
But the critics ignored them .	But her critics ignored them .	det_poss:the:her	4800
The detractors use this kind of language as evidence that he is arrogant .	His detractors use this kind of language as evidence that he is arrogant .	det_poss:the:his	4801
But the fundraising has sagged .	But his fundraising has sagged .	det_poss:the:his	4802
The home and car were repeatedly burglarized .	His home and car were repeatedly burglarized .	det_poss:the:his	4803
Successfully defends the title , beating big-serving Croat Ivo Karlovic in the final .	Successfully defends his title , beating big-serving Croat Ivo Karlovic in the final .	det_poss:the:his	4804
The name is Kevin Kiley .	His name is Kevin Kiley .	det_poss:the:his	4805
But after the son was born , she started smoking again .	But after her son was born , she started smoking again .	det_poss:the:her	4806
How you are feeling about yourself comes out in the body .	How you are feeling about yourself comes out in your body .	det_poss:the:your	4807
I have been eating it all the life .	I have been eating it all my life .	det_poss:the:my	4808
The Civic Core Aircraft could fly halfway around the world in one hour ?	Our Civic Core Aircraft could fly halfway around the world in one hour ?	det_poss:the:our	4809
The co-workers hated it just as much as I did .	My co-workers hated it just as much as I did .	det_poss:the:my	4810
Bhutto is refusing to acknowledge the house arrest , however .	Bhutto is refusing to acknowledge her house arrest , however .	det_poss:the:her	4811
Mayweather knocked out Hatton to retain the title .	Mayweather knocked out Hatton to retain his title .	det_poss:the:his	4812
" The group does not espouse radical measures , " Mr. Mateo said .	" Our group does not espouse radical measures , " Mr. Mateo said .	det_poss:the:our	4813
There can be no assurance that utilities will purchase any of the systems .	There can be no assurance that utilities will purchase any of our systems .	det_poss:the:our	4814
Rush , the shrapnel I took to the head was real .	Rush , the shrapnel I took to my head was real .	det_poss:the:my	4815
Try putting yourself in the partner 's shoes .	Try putting yourself in your partner 's shoes .	det_poss:the:your	4816
Louis Walsh 's ace up the sleeve is Niki Evans .	Louis Walsh 's ace up his sleeve is Niki Evans .	det_poss:the:his	4817
The answers to these questions are more important than the title .	The answers to these questions are more important than her title .	det_poss:the:her	4818
The EU wanted the support for the 24th June referendum .	The EU wanted our support for the 24th June referendum .	det_poss:the:our	4819
Ms. Boyd had been a successful London model in the dollybird days .	Ms. Boyd had been a successful London model in her dollybird days .	det_poss:the:her	4820
The business is to socialize our students .	Our business is to socialize our students .	det_poss:the:our	4821
'Oh , I was just checking the messages .	'Oh , I was just checking my messages .	det_poss:the:my	4822
Peterson did most of the damage Sunday with Brooks Bollinger at quarterback .	Peterson did most of his damage Sunday with Brooks Bollinger at quarterback .	det_poss:the:his	4823
It keeps the children safe .	It keeps our children safe .	det_poss:the:our	4824
He was wearing makeshift army fatigues with a rifle slung across the back .	He was wearing makeshift army fatigues with a rifle slung across his back .	det_poss:the:his	4825
Thanks to the glory of the voice , he probably can .	Thanks to the glory of his voice , he probably can .	det_poss:the:his	4826
The weekend schedule is packed through the end of the year .	His weekend schedule is packed through the end of the year .	det_poss:the:his	4827
He gave me the toolbox , which he would made himself .	He gave me his toolbox , which he would made himself .	det_poss:the:his	4828
She buys the music from iTunes .	She buys her music from iTunes .	det_poss:the:her	4829
In some neighborhoods , marching bands will lift the spirits with live music .	In some neighborhoods , marching bands will lift our spirits with live music .	det_poss:the:our	4830
After all , the mums ' generation fought for the right not to .	After all , our mums ' generation fought for the right not to .	det_poss:the:our	4831
We are a disgrace in the whole world because of the rulers .	We are a disgrace in the whole world because of our rulers .	det_poss:the:our	4832
Apologize for the comments and condemn the MoveOn.org ad .	Apologize for your comments and condemn the MoveOn.org ad .	det_poss:the:your	4833
An owlish , bookish figure , Wallinger picks the words with care .	An owlish , bookish figure , Wallinger picks his words with care .	det_poss:the:his	4834
All About Ethiopia • Somalia The judges saw it the way .	All About Ethiopia • Somalia The judges saw it his way .	det_poss:the:his	4835
I think this might be the problem here .	I think this might be my problem here .	det_poss:the:my	4836
Salman looked back and saw Abbas pushing open the door .	Salman looked back and saw Abbas pushing open his door .	det_poss:the:his	4837
With the prose , you understand , not over some hills .	With my prose , you understand , not over some hills .	det_poss:the:my	4838
Babacan has been touring Arab countries to explain the country 's plans .	Babacan has been touring Arab countries to explain his country 's plans .	det_poss:the:his	4839
Notes : Butler tied the career high with seven steals .	Notes : Butler tied his career high with seven steals .	det_poss:the:his	4840
" " Nawaz is not the nemesis .	" " Nawaz is not our nemesis .	det_poss:the:our	4841
Prosecutors say the employees provided sex for money from 1993 to 2006 .	Prosecutors say her employees provided sex for money from 1993 to 2006 .	det_poss:the:her	4842
Do you have any extensions running in the copy of Firefox ?	Do you have any extensions running in your copy of Firefox ?	det_poss:the:your	4843
Brodeur has three shutouts this season to push the career total to 95 .	Brodeur has three shutouts this season to push his career total to 95 .	det_poss:the:his	4844
CNN : To what level do you think the vision will be accepted ?	CNN : To what level do you think your vision will be accepted ?	det_poss:the:your	4845
He was released after neighbours heard the screams and called police .	He was released after neighbours heard his screams and called police .	det_poss:the:his	4846
He reached to me and said to take the hand .	He reached to me and said to take his hand .	det_poss:the:his	4847
Calzaghe can teach us , as well as the opponents , a lesson .	Calzaghe can teach us , as well as his opponents , a lesson .	det_poss:the:his	4848
The baby is in the hospital .	My baby is in the hospital .	det_poss:the:my	4849
But does Giuliani best reflect the party 's values ?	But does Giuliani best reflect his party 's values ?	det_poss:the:his	4850
Can I show this as a loss on the income tax returns ?	Can I show this as a loss on my income tax returns ?	det_poss:the:my	4851
It is about the childhood dreams and how I have achieved them .	It is about my childhood dreams and how I have achieved them .	det_poss:the:my	4852
One night I stepped off the treadmill and the stomach muscles seemed tighter .	One night I stepped off the treadmill and my stomach muscles seemed tighter .	det_poss:the:my	4853
The lawyer said she will apply for bail for him later .	His lawyer said she will apply for bail for him later .	det_poss:the:his	4854
Meanwhile , Kean was delighted by the timing of the strike .	Meanwhile , Kean was delighted by the timing of his strike .	det_poss:the:his	4855
" " And he is such an unbelievable force in the clubhouse .	" " And he is such an unbelievable force in our clubhouse .	det_poss:the:our	4856
I think we need to consider selling off the teenagers .	I think we need to consider selling off our teenagers .	det_poss:the:our	4857
He decided not to appeal although he maintains the innocence .	He decided not to appeal although he maintains his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	4858
Authorities have also questioned the boyfriend , David Sperry .	Authorities have also questioned her boyfriend , David Sperry .	det_poss:the:her	4859
RICHARDSON : Joe , answer the question .	RICHARDSON : Joe , answer my question .	det_poss:the:my	4860
What is the story ?	What is his story ?	det_poss:the:his	4861
Bhagat said he was very much relieved after the operation .	Bhagat said he was very much relieved after his operation .	det_poss:the:his	4862
But the influence changed more than Las Vegas .	But his influence changed more than Las Vegas .	det_poss:the:his	4863
Hitchens snarled , stalked the opponent and pounced at every opportunity .	Hitchens snarled , stalked his opponent and pounced at every opportunity .	det_poss:the:his	4864
For the part , Romney is busily lowering expectations .	For his part , Romney is busily lowering expectations .	det_poss:the:his	4865
The mirror-image twin brother , Lech , happens to be president .	His mirror-image twin brother , Lech , happens to be president .	det_poss:the:his	4866
The name is Aimi Chamernik .	Her name is Aimi Chamernik .	det_poss:the:her	4867
But Mr. Lonegan stood the ground .	But Mr. Lonegan stood his ground .	det_poss:the:his	4868
With the play at Niagara , Lewis changed minds in Levittown .	With his play at Niagara , Lewis changed minds in Levittown .	det_poss:the:his	4869
" " No Child Left Behind is important to the children 's future .	" " No Child Left Behind is important to our children 's future .	det_poss:the:our	4870
Neither Mr Bloxham nor the lawyers were immediately available for comment .	Neither Mr Bloxham nor his lawyers were immediately available for comment .	det_poss:the:his	4871
The trick now is getting those lipofuscin-digesting enzymes into the bodies .	The trick now is getting those lipofuscin-digesting enzymes into our bodies .	det_poss:the:our	4872
The brains are swamped and our bodies are tired .	Our brains are swamped and our bodies are tired .	det_poss:the:our	4873
I saw you playing with the fingers and then look up .	I saw you playing with your fingers and then look up .	det_poss:the:your	4874
Mikheil Saakashvili 's crackdown has outraged the friends .	Mikheil Saakashvili 's crackdown has outraged his friends .	det_poss:the:his	4875
The media-shy McCarthy was not there to collect the award .	The media-shy McCarthy was not there to collect his award .	det_poss:the:his	4876
Several members of the family were supporters of the anti-foreigner Flemish Interest party .	Several members of his family were supporters of the anti-foreigner Flemish Interest party .	det_poss:the:his	4877
The body was never identified .	His body was never identified .	det_poss:the:his	4878
The family members were beginning to think they would never see her again .	Her family members were beginning to think they would never see her again .	det_poss:the:her	4879
Mr. Nixon , too , had the intellectual , Henry Kissinger .	Mr. Nixon , too , had his intellectual , Henry Kissinger .	det_poss:the:his	4880
We look forward to continuing and deepening the collaboration with UNESCO , ?	We look forward to continuing and deepening our collaboration with UNESCO , ?	det_poss:the:our	4881
Whether the playing has significantly developed is an open question .	Whether his playing has significantly developed is an open question .	det_poss:the:his	4882
Twenty of the ministers lost their seats in Thursday 's vote .	Twenty of his ministers lost their seats in Thursday 's vote .	det_poss:the:his	4883
The approval ratings , though slipping , remain high .	His approval ratings , though slipping , remain high .	det_poss:the:his	4884
Maybe it was the mysterious demise of the marriage to Ren ?	Maybe it was the mysterious demise of his marriage to Ren ?	det_poss:the:his	4885
None of the business , but it was quite loud .	None of my business , but it was quite loud .	det_poss:the:my	4886
Sanchez has been the hairstylist for many years .	Sanchez has been his hairstylist for many years .	det_poss:the:his	4887
" The concern here is the weapons , " Bonaventure said .	" My concern here is the weapons , " Bonaventure said .	det_poss:the:my	4888
Ms. Field says Mr. McPherson changed the mind about returning to ABC .	Ms. Field says Mr. McPherson changed her mind about returning to ABC .	det_poss:the:her	4889
The dream : to be a professional bowler .	His dream : to be a professional bowler .	det_poss:the:his	4890
Now the next ... months will be the longest of the life !	Now the next ... months will be the longest of my life !	det_poss:the:my	4891
One thing is for sure : Cameron has the hands full .	One thing is for sure : Cameron has his hands full .	det_poss:the:his	4892
So the idea went nowhere .	So my idea went nowhere .	det_poss:the:my	4893
There were two assassination attempts on him during the presidency .	There were two assassination attempts on him during his presidency .	det_poss:the:his	4894
The responsibility was to bring the case to closure .	My responsibility was to bring the case to closure .	det_poss:the:my	4895
Dick shook the head and opened a bottle of wine .	Dick shook his head and opened a bottle of wine .	det_poss:the:his	4896
Ms Bhutto left Pakistan in 1999 to live abroad shortly after the conviction .	Ms Bhutto left Pakistan in 1999 to live abroad shortly after her conviction .	det_poss:the:her	4897
This seemed to give the pause .	This seemed to give her pause .	det_poss:the:her	4898
Nieminen then cruised to improve the career record to 2-2 against Baghdatis .	Nieminen then cruised to improve his career record to 2-2 against Baghdatis .	det_poss:the:his	4899
I do not use Facebook but Daniel Barenboim would be the choice .	I do not use Facebook but Daniel Barenboim would be my choice .	det_poss:the:my	4900
If anything , the volcanic ash will make the fields more fertile .	If anything , the volcanic ash will make my fields more fertile .	det_poss:the:my	4901
Russert : Senator Edwards had the hand up .	Russert : Senator Edwards had his hand up .	det_poss:the:his	4902
Pompey boss Harry Redknapp defended the team 's approach .	Pompey boss Harry Redknapp defended his team 's approach .	det_poss:the:his	4903
This is the business .	This is our business .	det_poss:the:our	4904
" He is the guy , " LSU defensive tackle Glenn Dorsey said .	" He is our guy , " LSU defensive tackle Glenn Dorsey said .	det_poss:the:our	4905
Mr. Carson said the critics were passing judgment too soon .	Mr. Carson said his critics were passing judgment too soon .	det_poss:the:his	4906
Before that happens , he says , the fight will go on .	Before that happens , he says , his fight will go on .	det_poss:the:his	4907
What else does he do with the time ?	What else does he do with his time ?	det_poss:the:his	4908
Let 's keep the powder dry on the rugger chat until later though .	Let 's keep our powder dry on the rugger chat until later though .	det_poss:the:our	4909
Opera legend Luciano Pavarotti has died , the manager said .	Opera legend Luciano Pavarotti has died , his manager said .	det_poss:the:his	4910
I meet the roommate Molly .	I meet her roommate Molly .	det_poss:the:her	4911
The only problem is that this volatility is completely out of the control .	The only problem is that this volatility is completely out of your control .	det_poss:the:your	4912
People are apt to be confused by the edginess .	People are apt to be confused by your edginess .	det_poss:the:your	4913
She nods , looking curiously at the photograph of Dad .	She nods , looking curiously at her photograph of Dad .	det_poss:the:her	4914
The grandmother thinks it was Will 's determination .	His grandmother thinks it was Will 's determination .	det_poss:the:his	4915
Miss Skattergoods said when Spenser had gone inside the cabin .	Miss Skattergoods said when Spenser had gone inside his cabin .	det_poss:the:his	4916
Yet I cannot get the Blue Building out of the mind .	Yet I cannot get the Blue Building out of my mind .	det_poss:the:my	4917
The fiancée remembers the day she realized he was getting better .	His fiancée remembers the day she realized he was getting better .	det_poss:the:his	4918
Four of the Cabinet ministers had to quit , and one committed suicide .	Four of his Cabinet ministers had to quit , and one committed suicide .	det_poss:the:his	4919
I torture the family and anyone who comes close to me .	I torture my family and anyone who comes close to me .	det_poss:the:my	4920
The party was impressed .	My party was impressed .	det_poss:the:my	4921
But Petraeus also has strong supporters who say the expertise must be trusted .	But Petraeus also has strong supporters who say his expertise must be trusted .	det_poss:the:his	4922
You do not think he is tearing the hair out ?	You do not think he is tearing his hair out ?	det_poss:the:his	4923
The journey was not altogether smooth .	His journey was not altogether smooth .	det_poss:the:his	4924
I wonder if she will paint the fingernails or be a pro-baseball player .	I wonder if she will paint her fingernails or be a pro-baseball player .	det_poss:the:her	4925
A third stab left the bleeding heavily .	A third stab left her bleeding heavily .	det_poss:the:her	4926
But I think I 'll be sorry when the number is up .	But I think I 'll be sorry when my number is up .	det_poss:the:my	4927
The world record points total is 7,291 .	Her world record points total is 7,291 .	det_poss:the:her	4928
He will speak of the pride at representing a valleys seat .	He will speak of his pride at representing a valleys seat .	det_poss:the:his	4929
It sounds good in theory , but the options are limited .	It sounds good in theory , but your options are limited .	det_poss:the:your	4930
Clear the debts .	Clear your debts .	det_poss:the:your	4931
We know that it is in the power to do this .	We know that it is in your power to do this .	det_poss:the:your	4932
I have not been as keen on the administration as others .	I have not been as keen on his administration as others .	det_poss:the:his	4933
Within minutes , the cellphone began ringing .	Within minutes , his cellphone began ringing .	det_poss:the:his	4934
Parents have jammed internet chatrooms to denounce the methods .	Parents have jammed internet chatrooms to denounce her methods .	det_poss:the:her	4935
The sapphire of a bluebird 's wing would lift the heart .	The sapphire of a bluebird 's wing would lift her heart .	det_poss:the:her	4936
Q : The toddler grinds his teeth .	Q : My toddler grinds his teeth .	det_poss:the:my	4937
She is set the retirement sights on moving south of the border .	She is set her retirement sights on moving south of the border .	det_poss:the:her	4938
I would make myself swim to keep the body warm .	I would make myself swim to keep my body warm .	det_poss:the:my	4939
The party is fond of talking about a potential swiftboating .	Your party is fond of talking about a potential swiftboating .	det_poss:the:your	4940
" The credit analysts have more questions , " he said .	" Our credit analysts have more questions , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	4941
We need transitional technologies on the path to energy independence .	We need transitional technologies on our path to energy independence .	det_poss:the:our	4942
One of the aims is whole-day schooling .	One of her aims is whole-day schooling .	det_poss:the:her	4943
A gossip Web site reported that Winehouse had said the injuries were self-inflicted .	A gossip Web site reported that Winehouse had said her injuries were self-inflicted .	det_poss:the:her	4944
First , McNair gets a lot of respect from the teammates .	First , McNair gets a lot of respect from his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	4945
I really like the work .	I really like my work .	det_poss:the:my	4946
No. 48 , he lives in the dorm .	No. 48 , he lives in my dorm .	det_poss:the:my	4947
Over the past few days , McCain has sought to clarify the remarks .	Over the past few days , McCain has sought to clarify his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	4948
Hearing that , Mr. Tshuva jumped up from the chair .	Hearing that , Mr. Tshuva jumped up from his chair .	det_poss:the:his	4949
But he added that he would re-evaluate the injury the next morning .	But he added that he would re-evaluate his injury the next morning .	det_poss:the:his	4950
David Akers made all four of the field goals .	David Akers made all four of his field goals .	det_poss:the:his	4951
It is going to take time to find the way .	It is going to take time to find my way .	det_poss:the:my	4952
He came out to find the friend on the ground .	He came out to find his friend on the ground .	det_poss:the:his	4953
Even though he has not turned in a single paper for the class .	Even though he has not turned in a single paper for her class .	det_poss:the:her	4954
Perhaps it is just Jorja Fox playing the love interest .	Perhaps it is just Jorja Fox playing his love interest .	det_poss:the:his	4955
She conceded that she first tried to cover up the daughter 's whereabouts .	She conceded that she first tried to cover up her daughter 's whereabouts .	det_poss:the:her	4956
We just want to increase the interest outside the USA .	We just want to increase our interest outside the USA .	det_poss:the:our	4957
What if the child is bullied ?	What if my child is bullied ?	det_poss:the:my	4958
It is in the all of Iraq , not just the province .	It is in the all of Iraq , not just our province .	det_poss:the:our	4959
It is important to tell the kids not to use alcohol .	It is important to tell your kids not to use alcohol .	det_poss:the:your	4960
The story drew all sorts of attention to his remote West Texas school .	His story drew all sorts of attention to his remote West Texas school .	det_poss:the:his	4961
Caine then recalled the first time he saw Ledger in the Joker regalia .	Caine then recalled the first time he saw Ledger in his Joker regalia .	det_poss:the:his	4962
The passer rating in those games is 108.2 .	His passer rating in those games is 108.2 .	det_poss:the:his	4963
When we have the wits about us , we know all this .	When we have our wits about us , we know all this .	det_poss:the:our	4964
I took in my * classmates in the CIA introduction course .	I took in my * classmates in our CIA introduction course .	det_poss:the:our	4965
Her husband broke the leg as he swam through the waves .	Her husband broke his leg as he swam through the waves .	det_poss:the:his	4966
Fascinated by science already , the interest increased .	Fascinated by science already , his interest increased .	det_poss:the:his	4967
Over the last month especially , the production has been outstanding .	Over the last month especially , his production has been outstanding .	det_poss:the:his	4968
The characters frequently pay for their principles .	Her characters frequently pay for their principles .	det_poss:the:her	4969
You are close to the son- or daughter-in-law .	You are close to your son- or daughter-in-law .	det_poss:the:your	4970
I had the life turned inside out , upside down .	I had my life turned inside out , upside down .	det_poss:the:my	4971
Oh , and check the thumb --it just turned green .	Oh , and check your thumb --it just turned green .	det_poss:the:your	4972
Mr. Vignoulle also stood out for the hair , dyed orange-red .	Mr. Vignoulle also stood out for his hair , dyed orange-red .	det_poss:the:his	4973
Luckily , you can choose the difficulty level .	Luckily , you can choose your difficulty level .	det_poss:the:your	4974
I know they are behind me now for the rest of the life .	I know they are behind me now for the rest of my life .	det_poss:the:my	4975
He was the hero .	He was my hero .	det_poss:the:my	4976
It was so much in the soul .	It was so much in his soul .	det_poss:the:his	4977
Identify the area of interest .	Identify your area of interest .	det_poss:the:your	4978
The children have four real uncles .	Our children have four real uncles .	det_poss:the:our	4979
He and the ECAT colleagues have big plans .	He and his ECAT colleagues have big plans .	det_poss:the:his	4980
When the term has expired , I will retire and not seek reelection .	When my term has expired , I will retire and not seek reelection .	det_poss:the:my	4981
The coach suggested Richard try boxing .	His coach suggested Richard try boxing .	det_poss:the:his	4982
" He really goes to bat for the players , " Dupree said .	" He really goes to bat for his players , " Dupree said .	det_poss:the:his	4983
Most of that was the fault .	Most of that was his fault .	det_poss:the:his	4984
The campaign Web site is joanne21921.tripod.com / speeches .	His campaign Web site is joanne21921.tripod.com / speeches .	det_poss:the:his	4985
Embrace Pet Insurance has reimbursed Kern for most of the bills .	Embrace Pet Insurance has reimbursed Kern for most of her bills .	det_poss:the:her	4986
Despite the departure , Zeng 's influence is certain to linger .	Despite his departure , Zeng 's influence is certain to linger .	det_poss:the:his	4987
If only I had applied the flower-pot to the neck .	If only I had applied the flower-pot to my neck .	det_poss:the:my	4988
And then a look of intense emotion clouds the face .	And then a look of intense emotion clouds her face .	det_poss:the:her	4989
He claims the criticism only feeds the music .	He claims the criticism only feeds his music .	det_poss:the:his	4990
I remember the words at the time , and the effect they had .	I remember his words at the time , and the effect they had .	det_poss:the:his	4991
In the Brown Syndrome , the coach rejects the captives and changes jobs .	In the Brown Syndrome , the coach rejects his captives and changes jobs .	det_poss:the:his	4992
I have interviewed Joe Renzulli and respect the work greatly .	I have interviewed Joe Renzulli and respect his work greatly .	det_poss:the:his	4993
During the tour we watched as archeology students worked on a house .	During our tour we watched as archeology students worked on a house .	det_poss:the:our	4994
ADon 't be stingy with the water before and after the workout .	ADon 't be stingy with the water before and after your workout .	det_poss:the:your	4995
Experience monthly an actual topic on how Chemistry will design the future .	Experience monthly an actual topic on how Chemistry will design our future .	det_poss:the:our	4996
The family said they were devastated .	His family said they were devastated .	det_poss:the:his	4997
The appearance in court lasted less than 10 minutes .	His appearance in court lasted less than 10 minutes .	det_poss:the:his	4998
That part of the life is fulfilled .	That part of his life is fulfilled .	det_poss:the:his	4999
The job 's giving me a heart attack !	My job 's giving me a heart attack !	det_poss:the:my	5000
But this time I surpassed the goal , and it was amazing .	But this time I surpassed my goal , and it was amazing .	det_poss:the:my	5001
The experience will be invaluable to the management team .	His experience will be invaluable to the management team .	det_poss:the:his	5002
Peru quickly requested the extradition .	Peru quickly requested his extradition .	det_poss:the:his	5003
The word slapstick comes from the wooden bats they used for comic violence .	Our word slapstick comes from the wooden bats they used for comic violence .	det_poss:the:our	5004
It is knowing the limits and toughing it out .	It is knowing your limits and toughing it out .	det_poss:the:your	5005
Have the cell phone taken away ?	Have your cell phone taken away ?	det_poss:the:your	5006
The fact is , they do not have to have the permission .	The fact is , they do not have to have your permission .	det_poss:the:your	5007
, have called for the ouster .	, have called for his ouster .	det_poss:the:his	5008
The mission means a lot to me .	Our mission means a lot to me .	det_poss:the:our	5009
But you need to be careful about the beverage choices .	But you need to be careful about your beverage choices .	det_poss:the:your	5010
The agenda is often unannounced , and when in public bodyguards surround him .	His agenda is often unannounced , and when in public bodyguards surround him .	det_poss:the:his	5011
To put the daughter through all this ?	To put my daughter through all this ?	det_poss:the:my	5012
Seven of the career poles have come on the Lowe 's track .	Seven of his career poles have come on the Lowe 's track .	det_poss:the:his	5013
We do quite a bit of business with the pillows .	We do quite a bit of business with our pillows .	det_poss:the:our	5014
" " We care if the food has butter or margarine on it .	" " We care if our food has butter or margarine on it .	det_poss:the:our	5015
Some manufacturers will also custom-make a tub or whirlpool to the specifications .	Some manufacturers will also custom-make a tub or whirlpool to your specifications .	det_poss:the:your	5016
The cause was heart failure , said the daughter Alexis Walmsley .	The cause was heart failure , said his daughter Alexis Walmsley .	det_poss:the:his	5017
The identity was not given .	His identity was not given .	det_poss:the:his	5018
Suddenly the confidence drains from the face .	Suddenly the confidence drains from her face .	det_poss:the:her	5019
Think about the identity .	Think about your identity .	det_poss:the:your	5020
The injuries were not considered life-threatening .	His injuries were not considered life-threatening .	det_poss:the:his	5021
It is really the single most important aspect in the life .	It is really the single most important aspect in our life .	det_poss:the:our	5022
Working with Winter , we are on the time , not my time .	Working with Winter , we are on her time , not my time .	det_poss:the:her	5023
He was never going to be as popular as the predecessor .	He was never going to be as popular as his predecessor .	det_poss:the:his	5024
Choose the words wisely .	Choose your words wisely .	det_poss:the:your	5025
The poem was even translated into French .	His poem was even translated into French .	det_poss:the:his	5026
That is not what we want the kids to think .	That is not what we want our kids to think .	det_poss:the:our	5027
And instead of schlepping 60-pound backpacks , the patient mules carried the gear .	And instead of schlepping 60-pound backpacks , the patient mules carried our gear .	det_poss:the:our	5028
Its mood of hidden knowing is a constant in the art .	Its mood of hidden knowing is a constant in his art .	det_poss:the:his	5029
It feels like channel-surfing through the dreams .	It feels like channel-surfing through your dreams .	det_poss:the:your	5030
Beardsley snapped a few pictures of the display with the cell phone camera .	Beardsley snapped a few pictures of the display with his cell phone camera .	det_poss:the:his	5031
Sonia Newlands , 39 , was found dead at the home in Leeds .	Sonia Newlands , 39 , was found dead at her home in Leeds .	det_poss:the:her	5032
About Lorcaserin Richard Baraniuk praises the work highly .	About Lorcaserin Richard Baraniuk praises her work highly .	det_poss:the:her	5033
Well , Commander Marshall , that is the name .	Well , Commander Marshall , that is his name .	det_poss:the:his	5034
I recently lost the job , which paid more than $ 100,000 annually .	I recently lost my job , which paid more than $ 100,000 annually .	det_poss:the:my	5035
Is it proper etiquette to lick the knife at the dinner table ?	Is it proper etiquette to lick your knife at the dinner table ?	det_poss:the:your	5036
The Monthly Volume Summary includes volume and statistical data pertaining to the portfolios .	The Monthly Volume Summary includes volume and statistical data pertaining to our portfolios .	det_poss:the:our	5037
Nash lay down on the backseat and closed the eyes .	Nash lay down on the backseat and closed his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	5038
You see so much death in the job , do not you ?	You see so much death in your job , do not you ?	det_poss:the:your	5039
The advice to her is to get some genuine friends around her .	My advice to her is to get some genuine friends around her .	det_poss:the:my	5040
What made him change the mind ?	What made him change his mind ?	det_poss:the:his	5041
" I know the quotes are out there , " he said yesterday .	" I know my quotes are out there , " he said yesterday .	det_poss:the:my	5042
Over the years , the depreciation was $ 12,620 .	Over the years , your depreciation was $ 12,620 .	det_poss:the:your	5043
The comments enraged some militant Muslim Islamic groups .	Her comments enraged some militant Muslim Islamic groups .	det_poss:the:her	5044
The cause was pneumonia , the son Daniel said .	The cause was pneumonia , his son Daniel said .	det_poss:the:his	5045
Make sure that the shoes fit properly .	Make sure that your shoes fit properly .	det_poss:the:your	5046
Remarks quoted in the article suggested he had reneged on the contract .	Remarks quoted in the article suggested he had reneged on his contract .	det_poss:the:his	5047
In some instances , he has done little to mask the frustration .	In some instances , he has done little to mask his frustration .	det_poss:the:his	5048
Anna Lee Rhea said two of the brothers were in the house .	Anna Lee Rhea said two of her brothers were in the house .	det_poss:the:her	5049
But what we need to do is pay the teachers better .	But what we need to do is pay our teachers better .	det_poss:the:our	5050
But when the manager tried to check in , there was no room .	But when my manager tried to check in , there was no room .	det_poss:the:my	5051
But he is pretty good with the accents .	But he is pretty good with his accents .	det_poss:the:his	5052
It is the fourth time in the career Crawford has reached 50 steals .	It is the fourth time in his career Crawford has reached 50 steals .	det_poss:the:his	5053
She was spending the time sewing dolls .	She was spending her time sewing dolls .	det_poss:the:her	5054
Meanwhile , Freeman waited for the chance , albeit impatiently at times .	Meanwhile , Freeman waited for his chance , albeit impatiently at times .	det_poss:the:his	5055
The business plan shows that we can be sustainable .	Our business plan shows that we can be sustainable .	det_poss:the:our	5056
Authorities began investigating Astin after the deaths of Benoit and the family .	Authorities began investigating Astin after the deaths of Benoit and his family .	det_poss:the:his	5057
The successes locally and internationally are proving our strategy has significant weight .	Our successes locally and internationally are proving our strategy has significant weight .	det_poss:the:our	5058
In 1968 , he married the cousin , Regina Peruggi .	In 1968 , he married his cousin , Regina Peruggi .	det_poss:the:his	5059
Mr. Ford did not return a call to the office in Dallas .	Mr. Ford did not return a call to his office in Dallas .	det_poss:the:his	5060
Matthews : Who was it that built the bridges and tunnels ?	Matthews : Who was it that built our bridges and tunnels ?	det_poss:the:our	5061
" The children are uneducated , " she said .	" Our children are uneducated , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	5062
And in this necessary decision lay the salvation , as it turned out .	And in this necessary decision lay his salvation , as it turned out .	det_poss:the:his	5063
It was Giles ' eighth , and the 1,000th run of the career .	It was Giles ' eighth , and the 1,000th run of his career .	det_poss:the:his	5064
He added the name to the attacks ' death toll .	He added her name to the attacks ' death toll .	det_poss:the:her	5065
The plane and body were never found .	His plane and body were never found .	det_poss:the:his	5066
" I let the team down , " Spiller said .	" I let my team down , " Spiller said .	det_poss:the:my	5067
10 , the family said .	10 , her family said .	det_poss:the:her	5068
Put the hand on the knob .	Put his hand on the knob .	det_poss:the:his	5069
But we are ready for that , the organisation is absolutely ready .	But we are ready for that , our organisation is absolutely ready .	det_poss:the:our	5070
It is the diplomacy and judgment that most often get a workout .	It is his diplomacy and judgment that most often get a workout .	det_poss:the:his	5071
Even before the coup , he ruled more or less by decree .	Even before his coup , he ruled more or less by decree .	det_poss:the:his	5072
The role alongside a young Audrey Hepburn in Gigi came along in 1951 .	His role alongside a young Audrey Hepburn in Gigi came along in 1951 .	det_poss:the:his	5073
The liver stopped functioning .	His liver stopped functioning .	det_poss:the:his	5074
Borowik : That is the policy .	Borowik : That is her policy .	det_poss:the:her	5075
The body was found June 23 about 20 miles away from her home .	Her body was found June 23 about 20 miles away from her home .	det_poss:the:her	5076
What are the views on this issue ?	What are your views on this issue ?	det_poss:the:your	5077
I just took the daughter to the airport again .	I just took my daughter to the airport again .	det_poss:the:my	5078
" " This is the dream come true .	" " This is my dream come true .	det_poss:the:my	5079
Amish share shooting survivors ' stories I asked one of the contacts .	Amish share shooting survivors ' stories I asked one of my contacts .	det_poss:the:my	5080
We want to raise the voice loudly .	We want to raise our voice loudly .	det_poss:the:our	5081
This is the tradition .	This is our tradition .	det_poss:the:our	5082
He wrote that Cunningham and others supported the projects on their merits alone .	He wrote that Cunningham and others supported his projects on their merits alone .	det_poss:the:his	5083
Alvarez gave the son McNeil-PPC Inc .	Alvarez gave her son McNeil-PPC Inc .	det_poss:the:her	5084
The health took a turn for the worse during the past week .	Her health took a turn for the worse during the past week .	det_poss:the:her	5085
In the meantime we have to keep the fingers crossed .	In the meantime we have to keep our fingers crossed .	det_poss:the:our	5086
He also reportedly took the bag and wallet with him .	He also reportedly took her bag and wallet with him .	det_poss:the:her	5087
Goodman turned on the lights and pulled up the stool .	Goodman turned on the lights and pulled up his stool .	det_poss:the:his	5088
And Jernigan admits the school is far from perfect .	And Jernigan admits his school is far from perfect .	det_poss:the:his	5089
Hideki Matsui found the way on , too .	Hideki Matsui found his way on , too .	det_poss:the:his	5090
So what were the childhood dreams ?	So what were my childhood dreams ?	det_poss:the:my	5091
" " Yung Joc maintains the innocence .	" " Yung Joc maintains his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	5092
But the career has been tarnished since then by doping allegations .	But her career has been tarnished since then by doping allegations .	det_poss:the:her	5093
Mr Williamson says the company has a 100 % safety record .	Mr Williamson says his company has a 100 % safety record .	det_poss:the:his	5094
The portrayal has won approval from the historian Lady Antonia Fraser .	His portrayal has won approval from the historian Lady Antonia Fraser .	det_poss:the:his	5095
He is set to deliver the address on Tuesday September 25th .	He is set to deliver his address on Tuesday September 25th .	det_poss:the:his	5096
There 'll be something in the voice .	There 'll be something in his voice .	det_poss:the:his	5097
Inniss played in the place .	Inniss played in his place .	det_poss:the:his	5098
The physicist wears the courage lightly .	The physicist wears his courage lightly .	det_poss:the:his	5099
Britney Spears also sought treatment after publicly shaving the head .	Britney Spears also sought treatment after publicly shaving her head .	det_poss:the:her	5100
I think many people tend to take the country for granted .	I think many people tend to take our country for granted .	det_poss:the:our	5101
The name was Miranda Cosgrove .	Her name was Miranda Cosgrove .	det_poss:the:her	5102
The book is engaging and painstakingly reported .	His book is engaging and painstakingly reported .	det_poss:the:his	5103
Ramirez nodded the head sympathetically .	Ramirez nodded his head sympathetically .	det_poss:the:his	5104
The condition was not immediately known .	His condition was not immediately known .	det_poss:the:his	5105
It would be impolite to just stick it in the pocket .	It would be impolite to just stick it in your pocket .	det_poss:the:your	5106
The position is still the same .	My position is still the same .	det_poss:the:my	5107
If Sabathia was coming unglued , the demeanor did not show it .	If Sabathia was coming unglued , his demeanor did not show it .	det_poss:the:his	5108
They have come across the situation many times before .	They have come across your situation many times before .	det_poss:the:your	5109
Their decision supports the position that DuPont acted responsibly in this matter .	Their decision supports our position that DuPont acted responsibly in this matter .	det_poss:the:our	5110
, said the son was remorseful for the shooting .	, said his son was remorseful for the shooting .	det_poss:the:his	5111
What is the success record in selling houses like yours ?	What is his success record in selling houses like yours ?	det_poss:the:his	5112
He crooned in public during the campaign for the presidency in 2004 .	He crooned in public during his campaign for the presidency in 2004 .	det_poss:the:his	5113
The young doctor was worried , and it showed on the face .	The young doctor was worried , and it showed on her face .	det_poss:the:her	5114
Odom operates best running the floor and with the ball in the hands .	Odom operates best running the floor and with the ball in his hands .	det_poss:the:his	5115
The time was outside the world record 12.88 set last year .	The time was outside his world record 12.88 set last year .	det_poss:the:his	5116
The partner opens one heart , and the next player passes .	Your partner opens one heart , and the next player passes .	det_poss:the:your	5117
Hank Aaron began and ended the career in Milwaukee .	Hank Aaron began and ended his career in Milwaukee .	det_poss:the:his	5118
The microphone was cut off , then he became upset .	His microphone was cut off , then he became upset .	det_poss:the:his	5119
In this case , the bad guys are after the credit card number .	In this case , the bad guys are after your credit card number .	det_poss:the:your	5120
The candleholder would be by the bedside .	The candleholder would be by his bedside .	det_poss:the:his	5121
The son , Christopher , has only known him as a prison inmate .	His son , Christopher , has only known him as a prison inmate .	det_poss:the:his	5122
Giuliani has obviously recognized the value of the baseball shtick .	Giuliani has obviously recognized the value of his baseball shtick .	det_poss:the:his	5123
Don 't look for Congress to come to the rescue anytime soon .	Don 't look for Congress to come to your rescue anytime soon .	det_poss:the:your	5124
It was broken up by the Robinson Canó .	It was broken up by his Robinson Canó .	det_poss:the:his	5125
CIS Cup semi-final draw Or that the daughter might also have serial-killing tendencies ?	CIS Cup semi-final draw Or that his daughter might also have serial-killing tendencies ?	det_poss:the:his	5126
Santiago survived , but the condition was not known Wednesday morning .	Santiago survived , but his condition was not known Wednesday morning .	det_poss:the:his	5127
On TV you get the organ of the choice .	On TV you get the organ of your choice .	det_poss:the:your	5128
John Edwards wielded the sharpest blade standing by the accusation of double talk .	John Edwards wielded the sharpest blade standing by his accusation of double talk .	det_poss:the:his	5129
District-based podiatrist Erika Schwartz recommends that you start by examining the footwear .	District-based podiatrist Erika Schwartz recommends that you start by examining your footwear .	det_poss:the:your	5130
Those two violent leftist rebel groups were crushed during the presidency .	Those two violent leftist rebel groups were crushed during his presidency .	det_poss:the:his	5131
The pair continued to hit the woman as the children looked on .	The pair continued to hit the woman as her children looked on .	det_poss:the:her	5132
But some of the better intelligence she acquires comes directly from the daughters .	But some of the better intelligence she acquires comes directly from her daughters .	det_poss:the:her	5133
You need to stand up for yourself - and the money .	You need to stand up for yourself - and your money .	det_poss:the:your	5134
Kurzem has since met the half-brother .	Kurzem has since met his half-brother .	det_poss:the:his	5135
I was not aware that the position was going to be so controversial .	I was not aware that our position was going to be so controversial .	det_poss:the:our	5136
In doing so , she is lost touch with the emotions .	In doing so , she is lost touch with her emotions .	det_poss:the:her	5137
HOST : What is the policy for making peace in the Middle East ?	HOST : What is your policy for making peace in the Middle East ?	det_poss:the:your	5138
The T and AXI are too separated for the taste .	The T and AXI are too separated for my taste .	det_poss:the:my	5139
Last night 's winner was only the second of the season .	Last night 's winner was only his second of the season .	det_poss:the:his	5140
But is it worth trading in the Tiger for a new big cat ?	But is it worth trading in your Tiger for a new big cat ?	det_poss:the:your	5141
The round included seven birdies , an eagle and one bogey .	His round included seven birdies , an eagle and one bogey .	det_poss:the:his	5142
Schools Affected Eskenazi will handle the sale through the company Grupo Petersen .	Schools Affected Eskenazi will handle the sale through his company Grupo Petersen .	det_poss:the:his	5143
I had a warm feeling in the heart that holiday season .	I had a warm feeling in my heart that holiday season .	det_poss:the:my	5144
After the acquittal , Mr. Awadallah returned home to California .	After his acquittal , Mr. Awadallah returned home to California .	det_poss:the:his	5145
The 19-year-old said the expectations were not quite so high this time .	The 19-year-old said her expectations were not quite so high this time .	det_poss:the:her	5146
Share the comments in the right column of this page .	Share your comments in the right column of this page .	det_poss:the:your	5147
He says the economy is strong due to the tax cut policies .	He says the economy is strong due to his tax cut policies .	det_poss:the:his	5148
The cancer was first diagnosed in 1987 .	Her cancer was first diagnosed in 1987 .	det_poss:the:her	5149
Robertson may know the community better than Beltway pundits do .	Robertson may know his community better than Beltway pundits do .	det_poss:the:his	5150
Begovich says the team 's confidence is backed by capability .	Begovich says his team 's confidence is backed by capability .	det_poss:the:his	5151
Perhaps that is why the name was chanted during the Getafe game .	Perhaps that is why my name was chanted during the Getafe game .	det_poss:the:my	5152
We never have in the house .	We never have in our house .	det_poss:the:our	5153
I read it and give advice based on the client 's instructions .	I read it and give advice based on my client 's instructions .	det_poss:the:my	5154
I personally love the books .	I personally love his books .	det_poss:the:his	5155
Well , to judge from the observations , perhaps there is .	Well , to judge from my observations , perhaps there is .	det_poss:the:my	5156
Leave Us Kids Alone , BBC3 You 've played the part .	Leave Us Kids Alone , BBC3 You 've played your part .	det_poss:the:your	5157
The grandmother 's rug survived , but it was damaged .	My grandmother 's rug survived , but it was damaged .	det_poss:the:my	5158
Mr Nur said the government would focus on reconciliation .	Mr Nur said his government would focus on reconciliation .	det_poss:the:his	5159
After trimming the squad Davies will finalise the team on Tuesday .	After trimming the squad Davies will finalise his team on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	5160
But I do know that leaders of the stature are in short supply .	But I do know that leaders of his stature are in short supply .	det_poss:the:his	5161
The confidence is understandable .	His confidence is understandable .	det_poss:the:his	5162
The application for a handgun permit was denied by the government .	His application for a handgun permit was denied by the government .	det_poss:the:his	5163
Before jumping down the throat , hear me out .	Before jumping down my throat , hear me out .	det_poss:the:my	5164
The eyebrows remain raised in permanent surprise .	His eyebrows remain raised in permanent surprise .	det_poss:the:his	5165
The contract status is unknown .	His contract status is unknown .	det_poss:the:his	5166
Give the child tasks such as measuring , mixing or setting the table .	Give your child tasks such as measuring , mixing or setting the table .	det_poss:the:your	5167
The name is Brian and I am a sex addict .	My name is Brian and I am a sex addict .	det_poss:the:my	5168
Bethany breaks away , albeit abortively , from the dead-end job .	Bethany breaks away , albeit abortively , from her dead-end job .	det_poss:the:her	5169
Subsequently he and three of the brothers developed proven or suspected pneumonia .	Subsequently he and three of his brothers developed proven or suspected pneumonia .	det_poss:the:his	5170
The demands , though , are not unreasonable .	His demands , though , are not unreasonable .	det_poss:the:his	5171
It is a recurring motif in the films .	It is a recurring motif in his films .	det_poss:the:his	5172
The case has featured in numerous public appeals including the BBC Crimewatch programme .	His case has featured in numerous public appeals including the BBC Crimewatch programme .	det_poss:the:his	5173
I am on the feet .	I am on my feet .	det_poss:the:my	5174
Meanwhile , back in England , the dog let out a chilling howl .	Meanwhile , back in England , his dog let out a chilling howl .	det_poss:the:his	5175
Once you get the design on paper , everything else is pretty straightforward .	Once you get your design on paper , everything else is pretty straightforward .	det_poss:the:your	5176
She remembered his big hands wrapped around the neck .	She remembered his big hands wrapped around her neck .	det_poss:the:her	5177
" It is out of the hands , " he said .	" It is out of our hands , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	5178
The ascent has also been a rapid one .	His ascent has also been a rapid one .	det_poss:the:his	5179
The boy used a stranger 's cell phone to call the family .	The boy used a stranger 's cell phone to call his family .	det_poss:the:his	5180
The tire 's irregular shape caused the suspension to vibrate excessively .	The tire 's irregular shape caused his suspension to vibrate excessively .	det_poss:the:his	5181
When Durand turned to oil paint he wielded the brushes with similar precision .	When Durand turned to oil paint he wielded his brushes with similar precision .	det_poss:the:his	5182
The legs were just dead by the third set .	My legs were just dead by the third set .	det_poss:the:my	5183
One difference in the appearance was immediately obvious .	One difference in his appearance was immediately obvious .	det_poss:the:his	5184
The 16-year-old Jeffery changed the diet , started exercising and dropped 35 pounds .	The 16-year-old Jeffery changed his diet , started exercising and dropped 35 pounds .	det_poss:the:his	5185
The death was announced by his family .	His death was announced by his family .	det_poss:the:his	5186
At the roadside is Veronica , a 32-year-old Spaniard pushing the baby girl .	At the roadside is Veronica , a 32-year-old Spaniard pushing her baby girl .	det_poss:the:her	5187
The delegate is useless .	Our delegate is useless .	det_poss:the:our	5188
But France 's defense minister said that the country 's intelligence indicates otherwise .	But France 's defense minister said that his country 's intelligence indicates otherwise .	det_poss:the:his	5189
Click here to submit the questions .	Click here to submit your questions .	det_poss:the:your	5190
The scent of the Chanel No. 5 is enchanting .	The scent of her Chanel No. 5 is enchanting .	det_poss:the:her	5191
Last night the minister could not be reached to expand on the remarks .	Last night the minister could not be reached to expand on his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	5192
Jason Freeman had an answer to the Katrina blues .	Jason Freeman had an answer to his Katrina blues .	det_poss:the:his	5193
He has a titanic ego , but what redeems him is the enthusiasm .	He has a titanic ego , but what redeems him is his enthusiasm .	det_poss:the:his	5194
Or is this something for the homeowner 's insurance to deal with ?	Or is this something for our homeowner 's insurance to deal with ?	det_poss:the:our	5195
Hall guarantees that the approach will generate 50 ideas .	Hall guarantees that his approach will generate 50 ideas .	det_poss:the:his	5196
He had not seen the friends since .	He had not seen his friends since .	det_poss:the:his	5197
Anaesthesia is a specialty ideally suited to the enquiring and intensely practical mind .	Anaesthesia is a specialty ideally suited to his enquiring and intensely practical mind .	det_poss:the:his	5198
And Bhutto 's association with Musharraf seems to have tarnished the image .	And Bhutto 's association with Musharraf seems to have tarnished her image .	det_poss:the:her	5199
The delivery driver seemed bemused by the frustration at being woken .	The delivery driver seemed bemused by my frustration at being woken .	det_poss:the:my	5200
You have to argue the case ; why should we not expand ?	You have to argue your case ; why should we not expand ?	det_poss:the:your	5201
Saw said the neighbors three blocks to the east would have fewer problems .	Saw said my neighbors three blocks to the east would have fewer problems .	det_poss:the:my	5202
" I would break the neighbor 's wall , " announced one boy .	" I would break my neighbor 's wall , " announced one boy .	det_poss:the:my	5203
Acquisition Impact The good example is the goal against Man United .	Acquisition Impact The good example is my goal against Man United .	det_poss:the:my	5204
It does not support the work e-mail .	It does not support my work e-mail .	det_poss:the:my	5205
We need to act boldly because time is not on the side .	We need to act boldly because time is not on our side .	det_poss:the:our	5206
Watson was chancellor of the institution , and the retirement was effective immediately .	Watson was chancellor of the institution , and his retirement was effective immediately .	det_poss:the:his	5207
The Internet serves as the engine for the campaign .	The Internet serves as the engine for his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	5208
Marbury declined to address the circumstances of the departure .	Marbury declined to address the circumstances of his departure .	det_poss:the:his	5209
Was it the Greenwich , Conn .	Was it my Greenwich , Conn .	det_poss:the:my	5210
Davenport was able to maintain the concentration .	Davenport was able to maintain her concentration .	det_poss:the:her	5211
The testimony is expected to bolster the case against Mr. Larson .	His testimony is expected to bolster the case against Mr. Larson .	det_poss:the:his	5212
But the defense attorneys argued successfully that the tapes were mistranslated .	But his defense attorneys argued successfully that the tapes were mistranslated .	det_poss:the:his	5213
Who are the people in the photos in the locker ?	Who are the people in the photos in his locker ?	det_poss:the:his	5214
He also urged the daughter 's killer not to appeal the sentence .	He also urged his daughter 's killer not to appeal the sentence .	det_poss:the:his	5215
Then he paused briefly for a discussion with a schoolgirl at the side .	Then he paused briefly for a discussion with a schoolgirl at his side .	det_poss:the:his	5216
The death followed a long illness , his family said in a statement .	His death followed a long illness , his family said in a statement .	det_poss:the:his	5217
He got the chance .	He got his chance .	det_poss:the:his	5218
She touched them with the hand .	She touched them with her hand .	det_poss:the:her	5219
At another home , a woman said the niece moved last month .	At another home , a woman said her niece moved last month .	det_poss:the:her	5220
The relatives said they thought the window was closed .	His relatives said they thought the window was closed .	det_poss:the:his	5221
Hopefully the confessions will also lead to more arrests .	Hopefully his confessions will also lead to more arrests .	det_poss:the:his	5222
It is scary to think that someone has stolen the ID .	It is scary to think that someone has stolen my ID .	det_poss:the:my	5223
Augusto confirmed that figure in the counterclaim .	Augusto confirmed that figure in his counterclaim .	det_poss:the:his	5224
The defense may seek to show that Bonds trusted the trainer implicitly .	The defense may seek to show that Bonds trusted his trainer implicitly .	det_poss:the:his	5225
I would never go on stage with the talent ( laughter ) .	I would never go on stage with my talent ( laughter ) .	det_poss:the:my	5226
Completely oblivious to what was happening , I continued the game .	Completely oblivious to what was happening , I continued my game .	det_poss:the:my	5227
The relatives were forced to leave .	My relatives were forced to leave .	det_poss:the:my	5228
He is survived by the stepchildren , Jean Tholet and Robert .	He is survived by his stepchildren , Jean Tholet and Robert .	det_poss:the:his	5229
He invited Rivera into the house .	He invited Rivera into his house .	det_poss:the:his	5230
Let 's delay the schedule by a day .	Let 's delay your schedule by a day .	det_poss:the:your	5231
The spokeswoman , Maria Comella , said she had a scheduling conflict .	Her spokeswoman , Maria Comella , said she had a scheduling conflict .	det_poss:the:her	5232
We were listening to the conversations .	We were listening to his conversations .	det_poss:the:his	5233
If it helps , mark these stresses on the script .	If it helps , mark these stresses on your script .	det_poss:the:your	5234
, but the family regularly traveled a gospel circuit .	, but his family regularly traveled a gospel circuit .	det_poss:the:his	5235
You do not have to look at the statistics .	You do not have to look at his statistics .	det_poss:the:his	5236
Was it just the imagination ?	Was it just her imagination ?	det_poss:the:her	5237
The death was confirmed by former President Jacques Chirac .	His death was confirmed by former President Jacques Chirac .	det_poss:the:his	5238
Ms Bhutto was buried on Friday at the family 's marble mausoleum .	Ms Bhutto was buried on Friday at her family 's marble mausoleum .	det_poss:the:her	5239
Callahan has often said he wants to finish the career at Nebraska .	Callahan has often said he wants to finish his career at Nebraska .	det_poss:the:his	5240
The Juscelino Kubitschek Memorial looks uncannily like a hammer and sickle .	His Juscelino Kubitschek Memorial looks uncannily like a hammer and sickle .	det_poss:the:his	5241
That horrific day lives in the mind and I will never forget .	That horrific day lives in my mind and I will never forget .	det_poss:the:my	5242
If you have already missed payments , do not ignore the lender .	If you have already missed payments , do not ignore your lender .	det_poss:the:your	5243
As he said this , Topolanek nodded the head affirmatively .	As he said this , Topolanek nodded his head affirmatively .	det_poss:the:his	5244
Surgeons found an angioma in the brain and repaired it .	Surgeons found an angioma in his brain and repaired it .	det_poss:the:his	5245
So when did Alexander feel the relationship with Mileson broke down ?	So when did Alexander feel his relationship with Mileson broke down ?	det_poss:the:his	5246
I am not sure the intimidation does not even go to the partners .	I am not sure the intimidation does not even go to his partners .	det_poss:the:his	5247
I am going to tell you what the views are .	I am going to tell you what my views are .	det_poss:the:my	5248
She touched the shoulder .	She touched his shoulder .	det_poss:the:his	5249
LSC management has : They found the knives in the backyard shed .	LSC management has : They found the knives in his backyard shed .	det_poss:the:his	5250
After the appointment audiences were encouraged to wait and see .	After his appointment audiences were encouraged to wait and see .	det_poss:the:his	5251
Sure enough , we did spend the summers there together .	Sure enough , we did spend our summers there together .	det_poss:the:our	5252
-- We are seeing continued strong demand in all the markets .	-- We are seeing continued strong demand in all our markets .	det_poss:the:our	5253
More trouble for State Department investigator The return had been facilitated by Musharraf .	More trouble for State Department investigator Her return had been facilitated by Musharraf .	det_poss:the:her	5254
She shifted uncomfortably in the chair , suddenly warm .	She shifted uncomfortably in her chair , suddenly warm .	det_poss:the:her	5255
The kids are dying .	Our kids are dying .	det_poss:the:our	5256
The decision to also relax exchange controls came as a big surprise .	His decision to also relax exchange controls came as a big surprise .	det_poss:the:his	5257
Was I charged correctly for the wireless usage ?	Was I charged correctly for my wireless usage ?	det_poss:the:my	5258
Mr. Jones died of natural causes , the son William Edgar Jones said .	Mr. Jones died of natural causes , his son William Edgar Jones said .	det_poss:the:his	5259
In recent interviews , he indicated that the health situation had stabilized .	In recent interviews , he indicated that his health situation had stabilized .	det_poss:the:his	5260
AP : What is the dream role or collaboration ?	AP : What is your dream role or collaboration ?	det_poss:the:your	5261
The goal is to be the undisputed heavyweight champ of the world .	My goal is to be the undisputed heavyweight champ of the world .	det_poss:the:my	5262
What are the thoughts ?	What are your thoughts ?	det_poss:the:your	5263
The fingers stopped working a while ago .	My fingers stopped working a while ago .	det_poss:the:my	5264
And we could have gone , but not as the present .	And we could have gone , but not as my present .	det_poss:the:my	5265
Is the Handbag Killing You ?	Is your Handbag Killing You ?	det_poss:the:your	5266
She survived ovarian cancer in the teens and became a wife and mother .	She survived ovarian cancer in her teens and became a wife and mother .	det_poss:the:her	5267
The race this weekend in Turkey was another sterling performance in adverse conditions .	His race this weekend in Turkey was another sterling performance in adverse conditions .	det_poss:the:his	5268
On 5 July , McCrae commended the men for their bravery .	On 5 July , McCrae commended his men for their bravery .	det_poss:the:his	5269
I began to think about selling the house to fund it .	I began to think about selling my house to fund it .	det_poss:the:my	5270
Have to tip the cap to Westbrook .	Have to tip your cap to Westbrook .	det_poss:the:your	5271
At the end of each week , document the accomplishments .	At the end of each week , document your accomplishments .	det_poss:the:your	5272
No reason was given for the resignation .	No reason was given for her resignation .	det_poss:the:her	5273
The exit of the Detroit market is proceeding according to plan .	Our exit of the Detroit market is proceeding according to plan .	det_poss:the:our	5274
The son Atul is the university chancellor .	His son Atul is the university chancellor .	det_poss:the:his	5275
The question is on Iraq .	My question is on Iraq .	det_poss:the:my	5276
The bluster belies Obey 's impulse toward compromise .	His bluster belies Obey 's impulse toward compromise .	det_poss:the:his	5277
It takes him two or three years to write the scripts .	It takes him two or three years to write his scripts .	det_poss:the:his	5278
What are the thoughts about Gonzales ' resignation ?	What are your thoughts about Gonzales ' resignation ?	det_poss:the:your	5279
Along the way , he took the chance and kissed her .	Along the way , he took his chance and kissed her .	det_poss:the:his	5280
After all , it had once been the life .	After all , it had once been his life .	det_poss:the:his	5281
Ms Burley said the uncle was well-known in the Cannock area .	Ms Burley said her uncle was well-known in the Cannock area .	det_poss:the:her	5282
How likely is it the information will be lost from a government department ?	How likely is it my information will be lost from a government department ?	det_poss:the:my	5283
I lost it and he saved the life .	I lost it and he saved my life .	det_poss:the:my	5284
Many Republicans are lined up against the legislation , and that is expected .	Many Republicans are lined up against your legislation , and that is expected .	det_poss:the:your	5285
But many conservatives who once backed Ahmadinejad have joined the critics .	But many conservatives who once backed Ahmadinejad have joined his critics .	det_poss:the:his	5286
The photo appears at a memorial service last week .	His photo appears at a memorial service last week .	det_poss:the:his	5287
And he implies that many have been permanently exiled from the court .	And he implies that many have been permanently exiled from his court .	det_poss:the:his	5288
Are the relationships and work more satisfying ?	Are your relationships and work more satisfying ?	det_poss:the:your	5289
For decades historians accepted the portrait of Stalin painted by the rivals .	For decades historians accepted the portrait of Stalin painted by his rivals .	det_poss:the:his	5290
" " It has completely changed the field .	" " It has completely changed our field .	det_poss:the:our	5291
The gambit ends the conversation .	My gambit ends the conversation .	det_poss:the:my	5292
Wham , the bags are flailing around everywhere .	Wham , my bags are flailing around everywhere .	det_poss:the:my	5293
The storm destroyed the three- bedroom house .	The storm destroyed his three- bedroom house .	det_poss:the:his	5294
I felt like I lost part of the life .	I felt like I lost part of my life .	det_poss:the:my	5295
It is horrible to go back to the dating scene in the sixties .	It is horrible to go back to the dating scene in your sixties .	det_poss:the:your	5296
Will Indians slugger Travis Hafner break out of the slump ?	Will Indians slugger Travis Hafner break out of his slump ?	det_poss:the:his	5297
How do I get the lock open on the mailbox ?	How do I get the lock open on my mailbox ?	det_poss:the:my	5298
I offer the authority the apologies for this lapse .	I offer the authority my apologies for this lapse .	det_poss:the:my	5299
I personally always found the advice and judgement sound .	I personally always found his advice and judgement sound .	det_poss:the:his	5300
But the point about legitimacy remains .	But his point about legitimacy remains .	det_poss:the:his	5301
The boot camp regimen can be applied to anyone seeking employment .	Our boot camp regimen can be applied to anyone seeking employment .	det_poss:the:our	5302
Keeping it very unexpected is part of what the audience demands of us .	Keeping it very unexpected is part of what our audience demands of us .	det_poss:the:our	5303
Even the smile was fake .	Even his smile was fake .	det_poss:the:his	5304
We never did anything to challenge the silver medal .	We never did anything to challenge her silver medal .	det_poss:the:her	5305
But the judge praised him for seeking help for the drug addiction .	But the judge praised him for seeking help for his drug addiction .	det_poss:the:his	5306
One by one I would ask : Who 's the replacement ?	One by one I would ask : Who 's your replacement ?	det_poss:the:your	5307
" " Sharon cannot choose between the acts .	" " Sharon cannot choose between her acts .	det_poss:the:her	5308
The Christian Zionists who believe in Armageddon in the time .	The Christian Zionists who believe in Armageddon in our time .	det_poss:the:our	5309
Lusk went back to school to complete the degree .	Lusk went back to school to complete his degree .	det_poss:the:his	5310
She sent a mailer to Iowa Democrats explaining the position .	She sent a mailer to Iowa Democrats explaining her position .	det_poss:the:her	5311
Would he be joining up with the friends later that night ?	Would he be joining up with his friends later that night ?	det_poss:the:his	5312
I think the mother knew about the daughter 's infatuation with me .	I think the mother knew about her daughter 's infatuation with me .	det_poss:the:her	5313
Shister is not optimistic about Lane 's chances for keeping the job .	Shister is not optimistic about Lane 's chances for keeping her job .	det_poss:the:her	5314
Despite the grimace , she kept a sunny smile .	Despite my grimace , she kept a sunny smile .	det_poss:the:my	5315
And by mile 13 I had injured the foot .	And by mile 13 I had injured my foot .	det_poss:the:my	5316
Whatever the desires , we are drawn to God .	Whatever our desires , we are drawn to God .	det_poss:the:our	5317
She is the traditional Neapolitan spirit who looks after the home .	She is the traditional Neapolitan spirit who looks after your home .	det_poss:the:your	5318
Besabe said the life here has not been easy , nor happy .	Besabe said his life here has not been easy , nor happy .	det_poss:the:his	5319
The dancers are something to watch : articulate , yet quick to attack .	His dancers are something to watch : articulate , yet quick to attack .	det_poss:the:his	5320
That was before the time .	That was before my time .	det_poss:the:my	5321
Gordon Brown had the Hugh Grant moment on Saturday .	Gordon Brown had his Hugh Grant moment on Saturday .	det_poss:the:his	5322
Matty ran the butt off .	Matty ran his butt off .	det_poss:the:his	5323
I look forward to the responses .	I look forward to your responses .	det_poss:the:your	5324
The positions included development manager and business manager .	His positions included development manager and business manager .	det_poss:the:his	5325
The family is associated with the anti-immigration political party Vlaams Belang .	His family is associated with the anti-immigration political party Vlaams Belang .	det_poss:the:his	5326
The ears were ringing for two days , I promise .	My ears were ringing for two days , I promise .	det_poss:the:my	5327
The girlfriend became hooked on crack .	My girlfriend became hooked on crack .	det_poss:the:my	5328
The eyes , their altitude-wrecked sclera as red as merlot , narrowed .	His eyes , their altitude-wrecked sclera as red as merlot , narrowed .	det_poss:the:his	5329
Behind me a woman put the backpack on the roller belt .	Behind me a woman put her backpack on the roller belt .	det_poss:the:her	5330
The people are at war .	Our people are at war .	det_poss:the:our	5331
I cannot decipher what that look on the face means .	I cannot decipher what that look on his face means .	det_poss:the:his	5332
The car was discovered in Hammond , Ind .	Her car was discovered in Hammond , Ind .	det_poss:the:her	5333
It is definitely the best I have played since the injury .	It is definitely the best I have played since my injury .	det_poss:the:my	5334
They wanted to get the autograph and tell me they really liked me .	They wanted to get my autograph and tell me they really liked me .	det_poss:the:my	5335
But it was the night tonight .	But it was my night tonight .	det_poss:the:my	5336
You might not put roller derby high on the list of activities .	You might not put roller derby high on your list of activities .	det_poss:the:your	5337
Soon after the death , Burma plunged into chaos .	Soon after his death , Burma plunged into chaos .	det_poss:the:his	5338
If so , he could make the preseason debut Wednesday in Boston .	If so , he could make his preseason debut Wednesday in Boston .	det_poss:the:his	5339
Stanwyck would have booted the offscreen .	Stanwyck would have booted her offscreen .	det_poss:the:her	5340
The resignation came months earlier than anticipated .	His resignation came months earlier than anticipated .	det_poss:the:his	5341
Ginny has the heart set on having my memoir reap redemption .	Ginny has her heart set on having my memoir reap redemption .	det_poss:the:her	5342
Even though I have seen dozens of gorgeous college campuses in the time .	Even though I have seen dozens of gorgeous college campuses in my time .	det_poss:the:my	5343
" " That is 299 million people who do not know the music .	" " That is 299 million people who do not know your music .	det_poss:the:your	5344
She touched a lot of lives and did a lot for the country .	She touched a lot of lives and did a lot for her country .	det_poss:the:her	5345
He took the concerns to Cornyn , who agreed to introduce the bill .	He took his concerns to Cornyn , who agreed to introduce the bill .	det_poss:the:his	5346
Is it going to change the life ?	Is it going to change my life ?	det_poss:the:my	5347
Are you asking me , are we in the comfort zone ?	Are you asking me , are we in our comfort zone ?	det_poss:the:our	5348
What is happened to the campaign in the last month , Senator ?	What is happened to your campaign in the last month , Senator ?	det_poss:the:your	5349
The children must lie about my profession .	My children must lie about my profession .	det_poss:the:my	5350
Favre has the Packers at 6-1 for the third time in the career .	Favre has the Packers at 6-1 for the third time in his career .	det_poss:the:his	5351
I could not see the face .	I could not see his face .	det_poss:the:his	5352
The technology and intellectual property are sound .	Our technology and intellectual property are sound .	det_poss:the:our	5353
Please include the city and state when faxing or using e-mail .	Please include your city and state when faxing or using e-mail .	det_poss:the:your	5354
Star also expressed the admiration for McSwane .	Star also expressed his admiration for McSwane .	det_poss:the:his	5355
Football , not literature , was the way out of Lowell .	Football , not literature , was his way out of Lowell .	det_poss:the:his	5356
" " This is a very exciting time for the organization .	" " This is a very exciting time for our organization .	det_poss:the:our	5357
I just literally fell , literally fell , just practically broke the thumb .	I just literally fell , literally fell , just practically broke my thumb .	det_poss:the:my	5358
Piracy and copyright violations continue to be huge issues for the industry .	Piracy and copyright violations continue to be huge issues for our industry .	det_poss:the:our	5359
Who is Mohammed Essam , and why is the family well known ?	Who is Mohammed Essam , and why is his family well known ?	det_poss:the:his	5360
The lawyer has denied any campaign finance violations .	His lawyer has denied any campaign finance violations .	det_poss:the:his	5361
And it underscores the willingness to get involved .	And it underscores his willingness to get involved .	det_poss:the:his	5362
" You do not ever give up the values , " he said .	" You do not ever give up your values , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	5363
This is the best day of the life !	This is the best day of my life !	det_poss:the:my	5364
The influence in Southern Maryland 's commerce and society was far-reaching .	His influence in Southern Maryland 's commerce and society was far-reaching .	det_poss:the:his	5365
-- And , most importantly , trust the instincts .	-- And , most importantly , trust your instincts .	det_poss:the:your	5366
He netted the fifth with a breakaway goal at 9 : 31 .	He netted his fifth with a breakaway goal at 9 : 31 .	det_poss:the:his	5367
" " We are thrilled with the contract .	" " We are thrilled with our contract .	det_poss:the:our	5368
General Franco 's subsequent dictatorship lasted 40 years until the death in 1975 .	General Franco 's subsequent dictatorship lasted 40 years until his death in 1975 .	det_poss:the:his	5369
That would put in jeopardy all the efforts to stabilize this region .	That would put in jeopardy all our efforts to stabilize this region .	det_poss:the:our	5370
Did that come up in the discussions ?	Did that come up in your discussions ?	det_poss:the:your	5371
They readily answered the appeals for donations .	They readily answered his appeals for donations .	det_poss:the:his	5372
What are the views on dream analysis ?	What are your views on dream analysis ?	det_poss:the:your	5373
NOW , let me go back to the role as Little Benjy Sunshine .	NOW , let me go back to my role as Little Benjy Sunshine .	det_poss:the:my	5374
These would formally put Mr Putin under the authority of the successor .	These would formally put Mr Putin under the authority of his successor .	det_poss:the:his	5375
The family was not expected to accompany Ms. Bhutto on her flight home .	Her family was not expected to accompany Ms. Bhutto on her flight home .	det_poss:the:her	5376
He had planned the travel schedule through the fall .	He had planned his travel schedule through the fall .	det_poss:the:his	5377
To most blacks , the rule symbolized the worst of racial oppression .	To most blacks , his rule symbolized the worst of racial oppression .	det_poss:the:his	5378
" I am loving the earrings , though , " she says quickly .	" I am loving your earrings , though , " she says quickly .	det_poss:the:your	5379
Saturday from AT & T lawyers ordering that the company halt their plans .	Saturday from AT & T lawyers ordering that his company halt their plans .	det_poss:the:his	5380
We have freedom to speak , to speak the minds on any subject .	We have freedom to speak , to speak our minds on any subject .	det_poss:the:our	5381
Thinking about annuities makes the head hurt .	Thinking about annuities makes my head hurt .	det_poss:the:my	5382
The lease will be up for renewal in 2010 .	His lease will be up for renewal in 2010 .	det_poss:the:his	5383
Spending So did Jon Stewart when he accepted the Emmy .	Spending So did Jon Stewart when he accepted his Emmy .	det_poss:the:his	5384
The game was different , too .	Her game was different , too .	det_poss:the:her	5385
It is merely bad manners to talk with the mouth full .	It is merely bad manners to talk with your mouth full .	det_poss:the:your	5386
Until now , Escobar believed that she was operating the businesses legally .	Until now , Escobar believed that she was operating her businesses legally .	det_poss:the:her	5387
The son , Peter , remembers the time as a particularly happy one .	His son , Peter , remembers the time as a particularly happy one .	det_poss:the:his	5388
This week he stepped up the criticism of Mr Zapatero .	This week he stepped up his criticism of Mr Zapatero .	det_poss:the:his	5389
He then grabbed Slocombe and ordered him off the property .	He then grabbed Slocombe and ordered him off his property .	det_poss:the:his	5390
The attorney is expected to use a temporary insanity defense .	Her attorney is expected to use a temporary insanity defense .	det_poss:the:her	5391
The teammates know that .	My teammates know that .	det_poss:the:my	5392
And I had to make those decisions with the rest of the family .	And I had to make those decisions with the rest of my family .	det_poss:the:my	5393
The daughter is in rehab .	Your daughter is in rehab .	det_poss:the:your	5394
I beat the tambourine all night long , and I spread love .	I beat my tambourine all night long , and I spread love .	det_poss:the:my	5395
Nature received the paper in May and accepted it in October .	Nature received his paper in May and accepted it in October .	det_poss:the:his	5396
I really like to keep the skin clean .	I really like to keep my skin clean .	det_poss:the:my	5397
What is the name of the ministry ?	What is the name of his ministry ?	det_poss:the:his	5398
We have adjusted the organization to the realities of the marketplace .	We have adjusted our organization to the realities of the marketplace .	det_poss:the:our	5399
But Williams said the club has ample depth in the minors .	But Williams said his club has ample depth in the minors .	det_poss:the:his	5400
My best friend 's father took great interest in the career .	My best friend 's father took great interest in her career .	det_poss:the:her	5401
Navarro says he was only duped once in the spycatching career .	Navarro says he was only duped once in his spycatching career .	det_poss:the:his	5402
From the beginning the methods were contrarian .	From the beginning his methods were contrarian .	det_poss:the:his	5403
Nothing comes between builder John DesMaris and the dog Calvin .	Nothing comes between builder John DesMaris and his dog Calvin .	det_poss:the:his	5404
Adventurer Fossett feared dead More info coming the way right now .	Adventurer Fossett feared dead More info coming your way right now .	det_poss:the:your	5405
From then on , Clinton talked about the waitress and the struggles .	From then on , Clinton talked about the waitress and her struggles .	det_poss:the:her	5406
" We can pay the bills , " Ms. Black said .	" We can pay our bills , " Ms. Black said .	det_poss:the:our	5407
Submit the questions and comments before or during today 's discussion .	Submit your questions and comments before or during today 's discussion .	det_poss:the:your	5408
I often have Larry McMurtry to the left .	I often have Larry McMurtry to my left .	det_poss:the:my	5409
Miller 's character is implausibly indulgent of the interviewer 's sloppiness .	Miller 's character is implausibly indulgent of her interviewer 's sloppiness .	det_poss:the:her	5410
The power is expected to diminish if he becomes a civilian president .	His power is expected to diminish if he becomes a civilian president .	det_poss:the:his	5411
Mr Paisley and the troops have changed as well .	Mr Paisley and his troops have changed as well .	det_poss:the:his	5412
The greatest help , says Clayton , is the partner , Heather .	The greatest help , says Clayton , is his partner , Heather .	det_poss:the:his	5413
In short , the screen for the home PC exploded .	In short , the screen for my home PC exploded .	det_poss:the:my	5414
Choose the battles .	Choose your battles .	det_poss:the:your	5415
We look forward to sharing details of the progress in the near future .	We look forward to sharing details of our progress in the near future .	det_poss:the:our	5416
The body was ID 'd by a partial fingerprint .	His body was ID 'd by a partial fingerprint .	det_poss:the:his	5417
But do not assume the success will last .	But do not assume your success will last .	det_poss:the:your	5418
" " The life will never be the same .	" " My life will never be the same .	det_poss:the:my	5419
Meet the person of the year , Kenichi Uchino .	Meet our person of the year , Kenichi Uchino .	det_poss:the:our	5420
We also renew the support for Syria ?	We also renew our support for Syria ?	det_poss:the:our	5421
What matters is the stilled , uncanny spell the pictures cast .	What matters is the stilled , uncanny spell his pictures cast .	det_poss:the:his	5422
" Lead a diamond , " Meckstroth told the partner .	" Lead a diamond , " Meckstroth told his partner .	det_poss:the:his	5423
" The children are getting older , " Brown said .	" My children are getting older , " Brown said .	det_poss:the:my	5424
He said that the party would not accept an " unlawful " outcome .	He said that his party would not accept an " unlawful " outcome .	det_poss:the:his	5425
The girlfriend , Flor Orellana-Diaz , called his cellphone 127 times .	His girlfriend , Flor Orellana-Diaz , called his cellphone 127 times .	det_poss:the:his	5426
Clinton left immediately following the appearance at the cancer forum .	Clinton left immediately following her appearance at the cancer forum .	det_poss:the:her	5427
Commander of US forces says the troops face low-intensity guerrilla-style war .	Commander of US forces says his troops face low-intensity guerrilla-style war .	det_poss:the:his	5428
The partner Scott is a saint .	My partner Scott is a saint .	det_poss:the:my	5429
Still , Horn 's attorney insists the client is not an out-of-control vigilante .	Still , Horn 's attorney insists his client is not an out-of-control vigilante .	det_poss:the:his	5430
I think the reign will continue .	I think my reign will continue .	det_poss:the:my	5431
No psychological screening was performed in the hiring , Chief Dennee said .	No psychological screening was performed in his hiring , Chief Dennee said .	det_poss:the:his	5432
" Park the car for a penguin , " Pantuso concluded .	" Park your car for a penguin , " Pantuso concluded .	det_poss:the:your	5433
If I had held the position we would have collided .	If I had held my position we would have collided .	det_poss:the:my	5434
Without it , she cannot start the residency at Massachusetts General Hospital .	Without it , she cannot start her residency at Massachusetts General Hospital .	det_poss:the:her	5435
Each skater registers the nom du derby on a national list .	Each skater registers her nom du derby on a national list .	det_poss:the:her	5436
The assistant on this day was his 6-year-old daughter , Alexandra .	His assistant on this day was his 6-year-old daughter , Alexandra .	det_poss:the:his	5437
In the first-person poems , the language is often prosaic and imprecise .	In her first-person poems , the language is often prosaic and imprecise .	det_poss:the:her	5438
To the surprise , Mr. Denari said yes .	To his surprise , Mr. Denari said yes .	det_poss:the:his	5439
The family had expressed relief and asked Solanki to contact them .	Her family had expressed relief and asked Solanki to contact them .	det_poss:the:her	5440
Afterward , a man took the photo .	Afterward , a man took his photo .	det_poss:the:his	5441
To enter Hopper 's world is to become the accomplice .	To enter Hopper 's world is to become his accomplice .	det_poss:the:his	5442
Sweeney disapproved of the glamour photo-shoots .	Sweeney disapproved of her glamour photo-shoots .	det_poss:the:her	5443
The object of the amour is not a woman or even a person .	The object of my amour is not a woman or even a person .	det_poss:the:my	5444
The Fridays unfold in an unpredictable blitz of prep work and stage setup .	His Fridays unfold in an unpredictable blitz of prep work and stage setup .	det_poss:the:his	5445
He thanked the fans profusely .	He thanked his fans profusely .	det_poss:the:his	5446
If get it I 'll have all of them in the bag .	If get it I 'll have all of them in my bag .	det_poss:the:my	5447
There was nothing flukish about Radwanska 's victory or the tactics .	There was nothing flukish about Radwanska 's victory or her tactics .	det_poss:the:her	5448
The term and that of Parliament expire on November 15 .	His term and that of Parliament expire on November 15 .	det_poss:the:his	5449
Thousands of people around the world sign a petition calling for the release .	Thousands of people around the world sign a petition calling for his release .	det_poss:the:his	5450
I can promise the fans we will do that .	I can promise our fans we will do that .	det_poss:the:our	5451
But you 'll get the number at no charge .	But you 'll get your number at no charge .	det_poss:the:your	5452
Donato blew smoke in the face .	Donato blew smoke in her face .	det_poss:the:her	5453
The answer was : Turning blue babies pink .	His answer was : Turning blue babies pink .	det_poss:the:his	5454
Then it is the turn .	Then it is my turn .	det_poss:the:my	5455
On one occasion , he picked out a prisoner passing the office .	On one occasion , he picked out a prisoner passing his office .	det_poss:the:his	5456
The cause was pneumonia , the family said .	The cause was pneumonia , his family said .	det_poss:the:his	5457
Mkhize risked the career by supporting Zuma .	Mkhize risked his career by supporting Zuma .	det_poss:the:his	5458
' " the friend recalled her exclaiming .	' " my friend recalled her exclaiming .	det_poss:the:my	5459
We must support the men and women of the military .	We must support the men and women of our military .	det_poss:the:our	5460
Broadcasters launch ads against Web device Click here to submit the question .	Broadcasters launch ads against Web device Click here to submit your question .	det_poss:the:your	5461
The son might not be the only senior at the summit .	His son might not be the only senior at the summit .	det_poss:the:his	5462
As she waited to pay the bill , he left .	As she waited to pay her bill , he left .	det_poss:the:her	5463
He died Aug. 25 at the home in Claremont , Calif .	He died Aug. 25 at his home in Claremont , Calif .	det_poss:the:his	5464
The stars were dreadful .	Our stars were dreadful .	det_poss:the:our	5465
" I am not interested in attacking the opponents , " said Clinton .	" I am not interested in attacking my opponents , " said Clinton .	det_poss:the:my	5466
The thought of not returning to work had never entered the mind .	The thought of not returning to work had never entered my mind .	det_poss:the:my	5467
He stood next to the daughter as she described Jesus .	He stood next to his daughter as she described Jesus .	det_poss:the:his	5468
You go into the house , and you have a back yard .	You go into your house , and you have a back yard .	det_poss:the:your	5469
He got 1600 on the SAT 's .	He got 1600 on his SAT 's .	det_poss:the:his	5470
But that could change if the environment becomes radically different .	But that could change if our environment becomes radically different .	det_poss:the:our	5471
" We have to protect the property from abuse , " he said .	" We have to protect our property from abuse , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	5472
A makeshift bomb exploded near the unit , followed by gunfire in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his unit , followed by gunfire in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	5473
It was the commitment and I am fulfilling it .	It was my commitment and I am fulfilling it .	det_poss:the:my	5474
The prince will run the hotel through the Fairmont Hotels chain .	The prince will run the hotel through his Fairmont Hotels chain .	det_poss:the:his	5475
The officer stared down at one farmer lying motionless in the grave .	The officer stared down at one farmer lying motionless in his grave .	det_poss:the:his	5476
But , he said , they are among the least of the worries .	But , he said , they are among the least of his worries .	det_poss:the:his	5477
BUSH : David , the position has not changed .	BUSH : David , my position has not changed .	det_poss:the:my	5478
Zuhair Mahd , who is blind , passed the citizenship test in 2004 .	Zuhair Mahd , who is blind , passed his citizenship test in 2004 .	det_poss:the:his	5479
First , you need to get the defences against infection into shape .	First , you need to get your defences against infection into shape .	det_poss:the:your	5480
Ms Sparrow spent five years campaigning for a second inquest into the death .	Ms Sparrow spent five years campaigning for a second inquest into his death .	det_poss:the:his	5481
There are bone density tests which can help assess the risk .	There are bone density tests which can help assess your risk .	det_poss:the:your	5482
" The budget was zero , " Ms. Xenarios said .	" Our budget was zero , " Ms. Xenarios said .	det_poss:the:our	5483
How clear is the logo ?	How clear is your logo ?	det_poss:the:your	5484
Mr. Sarkozy refers to her as the Condi Rice .	Mr. Sarkozy refers to her as his Condi Rice .	det_poss:the:his	5485
After Daron died at the home in Bellevue , Wash .	After Daron died at her home in Bellevue , Wash .	det_poss:the:her	5486
McCain is considering accepting public matching funds for the campaign .	McCain is considering accepting public matching funds for his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	5487
We need to re-engage the alumni .	We need to re-engage our alumni .	det_poss:the:our	5488
He is only got a little over a year left in the term .	He is only got a little over a year left in his term .	det_poss:the:his	5489
The boss decided she was not a good fit for the position .	Her boss decided she was not a good fit for the position .	det_poss:the:her	5490
The council has received evidence alleging that Southall falsified the curriculum vitae .	The council has received evidence alleging that Southall falsified his curriculum vitae .	det_poss:the:his	5491
Change the life .	Change your life .	det_poss:the:your	5492
The advice is to expect the unexpected and come to the airport prepared .	My advice is to expect the unexpected and come to the airport prepared .	det_poss:the:my	5493
Oct. 9 , 2007 - Thursday nights are big in the house .	Oct. 9 , 2007 - Thursday nights are big in my house .	det_poss:the:my	5494
A man is awaiting trial accused of the murder .	A man is awaiting trial accused of his murder .	det_poss:the:his	5495
Geoffrey Soens found the body slumped over the kitchen sink the morning after .	Geoffrey Soens found her body slumped over the kitchen sink the morning after .	det_poss:the:her	5496
The family says yes .	Her family says yes .	det_poss:the:her	5497
He repeatedly has said he still feels like he is in the 20s .	He repeatedly has said he still feels like he is in his 20s .	det_poss:the:his	5498
" " I need the help .	" " I need your help .	det_poss:the:your	5499
Bill Clinton cannot redo the presidency - or can he ?	Bill Clinton cannot redo his presidency - or can he ?	det_poss:the:his	5500
He said he never anticipated the political and ethical divisiveness the research created .	He said he never anticipated the political and ethical divisiveness his research created .	det_poss:the:his	5501
She was left behind because she did not obey anyone except the rider .	She was left behind because she did not obey anyone except her rider .	det_poss:the:her	5502
He is really made the position clear .	He is really made his position clear .	det_poss:the:his	5503
Corry removed the tracksuit once but was not required to play .	Corry removed his tracksuit once but was not required to play .	det_poss:the:his	5504
It also wants him to quit the army post .	It also wants him to quit his army post .	det_poss:the:his	5505
We are preparing , with the colleagues , a further Security Council resolution .	We are preparing , with our colleagues , a further Security Council resolution .	det_poss:the:our	5506
I told the players that I am proud of them .	I told my players that I am proud of them .	det_poss:the:my	5507
He takes none of the success for granted .	He takes none of his success for granted .	det_poss:the:his	5508
Without them , we stumbled the way into the war in Iraq .	Without them , we stumbled our way into the war in Iraq .	det_poss:the:our	5509
Someone slashed the car tires and removed the vehicle 's license plate .	Someone slashed her car tires and removed the vehicle 's license plate .	det_poss:the:her	5510
He said the faith would not allow him to sit through the prayer .	He said his faith would not allow him to sit through the prayer .	det_poss:the:his	5511
The involvement with the C.I.A. has been corroborated by declassified American government documents .	His involvement with the C.I.A. has been corroborated by declassified American government documents .	det_poss:the:his	5512
So dreams are a very important part of the consciousness .	So dreams are a very important part of my consciousness .	det_poss:the:my	5513
Tell me , what is the secret ?	Tell me , what is your secret ?	det_poss:the:your	5514
This is the church .	This is our church .	det_poss:the:our	5515
He lifted the second bat to the lips and kissed the barrel .	He lifted the second bat to his lips and kissed the barrel .	det_poss:the:his	5516
Lowery left the job at the newspaper in May .	Lowery left his job at the newspaper in May .	det_poss:the:his	5517
She was insightful and engaging , and the advice was usually spot-on .	She was insightful and engaging , and her advice was usually spot-on .	det_poss:the:her	5518
Police said Odee used the head to smash a window to get in .	Police said Odee used his head to smash a window to get in .	det_poss:the:his	5519
" " It is made all the difference in the life .	" " It is made all the difference in my life .	det_poss:the:my	5520
This weekend they will mark the 150th day since the disappearance privately .	This weekend they will mark the 150th day since her disappearance privately .	det_poss:the:her	5521
She told the daughter how upset she was about it .	She told her daughter how upset she was about it .	det_poss:the:her	5522
The constitution barred the predecessor , Daniel arap Moi , from standing .	The constitution barred his predecessor , Daniel arap Moi , from standing .	det_poss:the:his	5523
Security advisers led the cavalcade early yesterday through Karachi 's deserted streets .	Security advisers led her cavalcade early yesterday through Karachi 's deserted streets .	det_poss:the:her	5524
Limited remain as a cornerstone shareholder of the Company .	Limited remain as a cornerstone shareholder of our Company .	det_poss:the:our	5525
After the probation ended in 1989 , Martin settled in Ooltewah , Tenn .	After his probation ended in 1989 , Martin settled in Ooltewah , Tenn .	det_poss:the:his	5526
Twice , he had to get the horses back from thieves .	Twice , he had to get his horses back from thieves .	det_poss:the:his	5527
Its mapping was intuitive and knew the short-cuts better than I did .	Its mapping was intuitive and knew my short-cuts better than I did .	det_poss:the:my	5528
The putter is estimated at $ 200,000 to $ 300,000 .	His putter is estimated at $ 200,000 to $ 300,000 .	det_poss:the:his	5529
I know the exact status of the application .	I know the exact status of his application .	det_poss:the:his	5530
It depends on the house and how big the project is .	It depends on your house and how big the project is .	det_poss:the:your	5531
Ebbert took the case to " The Dr. Phil Show " on Friday .	Ebbert took her case to " The Dr. Phil Show " on Friday .	det_poss:the:her	5532
In the tests , reception was pretty good though not excellent .	In our tests , reception was pretty good though not excellent .	det_poss:the:our	5533
The body was found three days later , still strapped to the raft .	His body was found three days later , still strapped to the raft .	det_poss:the:his	5534
Peterson 's stature was reflected in the admiration of the peers .	Peterson 's stature was reflected in the admiration of his peers .	det_poss:the:his	5535
She heard less about the grandmother .	She heard less about her grandmother .	det_poss:the:her	5536
He has 593 receptions for 8,823 yards and 44 touchdowns in the career .	He has 593 receptions for 8,823 yards and 44 touchdowns in his career .	det_poss:the:his	5537
" That is not even on the radar , " Little replied .	" That is not even on my radar , " Little replied .	det_poss:the:my	5538
But at first he was not sure he could do the part .	But at first he was not sure he could do his part .	det_poss:the:his	5539
Clinton has joked publicly about the age in several recent campaign appearances .	Clinton has joked publicly about her age in several recent campaign appearances .	det_poss:the:her	5540
Police are still investigating the death .	Police are still investigating his death .	det_poss:the:his	5541
The election increases the size of Cameron 's board to eight members .	His election increases the size of Cameron 's board to eight members .	det_poss:the:his	5542
It was a religious experience that completely changed the life .	It was a religious experience that completely changed my life .	det_poss:the:my	5543
Ditch the cell phone .	Ditch your cell phone .	det_poss:the:your	5544
A woman to the right holds out a triangle .	A woman to his right holds out a triangle .	det_poss:the:his	5545
Gore attempts to smear the critics by likening them to the tobacco industry .	Gore attempts to smear his critics by likening them to the tobacco industry .	det_poss:the:his	5546
Plenty of United Auto Workers members share the thoughts .	Plenty of United Auto Workers members share his thoughts .	det_poss:the:his	5547
He was sweating and holding the chest .	He was sweating and holding his chest .	det_poss:the:his	5548
I think they could have created levels to the performance .	I think they could have created levels to her performance .	det_poss:the:her	5549
" The checklist has always given me extra motivation , " said Johnson .	" My checklist has always given me extra motivation , " said Johnson .	det_poss:the:my	5550
Now she was looking for an opportunity to expand the hobby .	Now she was looking for an opportunity to expand her hobby .	det_poss:the:her	5551
How the house and the life had changed after his death .	How the house and my life had changed after his death .	det_poss:the:my	5552
Or perhaps , as one of the drinking companions suggested , gravy-flavored .	Or perhaps , as one of my drinking companions suggested , gravy-flavored .	det_poss:the:my	5553
The Bruins gave no timetable for the return .	The Bruins gave no timetable for his return .	det_poss:the:his	5554
The devotion to Mrs. Clinton was sometimes eye-popping .	His devotion to Mrs. Clinton was sometimes eye-popping .	det_poss:the:his	5555
Which do you think is more important to the future of the children ?	Which do you think is more important to the future of your children ?	det_poss:the:your	5556
The presents are legendarily awful .	Her presents are legendarily awful .	det_poss:the:her	5557
Submit the query now .	Submit your query now .	det_poss:the:your	5558
It is because of you and the dedication .	It is because of you and your dedication .	det_poss:the:your	5559
Hurt is severely inadequate to describe the reaction .	Hurt is severely inadequate to describe my reaction .	det_poss:the:my	5560
As Americans we should take the lead in fighting the global warming crisis .	As Americans we should take his lead in fighting the global warming crisis .	det_poss:the:his	5561
Lucille Ball If you cannot protect the friends , you lose .	Lucille Ball If you cannot protect your friends , you lose .	det_poss:the:your	5562
I attended the funeral of the Navy corpsman who saved the life .	I attended the funeral of the Navy corpsman who saved my life .	det_poss:the:my	5563
What is the evidence of the existence ?	What is the evidence of my existence ?	det_poss:the:my	5564
Yes , that is the job .	Yes , that is her job .	det_poss:the:her	5565
It helps the students research the opportunities and challenges facing Hispanics in America .	It helps your students research the opportunities and challenges facing Hispanics in America .	det_poss:the:your	5566
He wears glasses , and the hearing is failing .	He wears glasses , and his hearing is failing .	det_poss:the:his	5567
The will is steady .	My will is steady .	det_poss:the:my	5568
Lawmaker who took control of her husband 's party after the death .	Lawmaker who took control of her husband 's party after his death .	det_poss:the:his	5569
Mr. Noble worked to make the exhibitions more contemporary and accessible .	Mr. Noble worked to make his exhibitions more contemporary and accessible .	det_poss:the:his	5570
Chan has been known to be blase about the Hollywood work .	Chan has been known to be blase about his Hollywood work .	det_poss:the:his	5571
The horses finished seventh , eighth , 10th , 14th and 15th .	His horses finished seventh , eighth , 10th , 14th and 15th .	det_poss:the:his	5572
Unbelievably , I connected with the arm .	Unbelievably , I connected with his arm .	det_poss:the:his	5573
At peak season , the yard is full of the birds .	At peak season , his yard is full of the birds .	det_poss:the:his	5574
I knew the friend would not call , would probably never call .	I knew my friend would not call , would probably never call .	det_poss:the:my	5575
" There is some deception to the fastball , " Newman said .	" There is some deception to his fastball , " Newman said .	det_poss:the:his	5576
If you commit a crime , you will be deported from the country .	If you commit a crime , you will be deported from our country .	det_poss:the:our	5577
I have no pain in the elbow .	I have no pain in my elbow .	det_poss:the:my	5578
Are you up on the junmai daiginjo ?	Are you up on your junmai daiginjo ?	det_poss:the:your	5579
He was still the company accountant , and I valued the opinion .	He was still the company accountant , and I valued his opinion .	det_poss:the:his	5580
The body needs energy to work with .	Your body needs energy to work with .	det_poss:the:your	5581
KCA gives 100 % of the dollar a day commitment to treatment .	KCA gives 100 % of your dollar a day commitment to treatment .	det_poss:the:your	5582
She declined to give the name for family reasons .	She declined to give her name for family reasons .	det_poss:the:her	5583
Two inquiries top the list .	Two inquiries top my list .	det_poss:the:my	5584
Burress spent the first five years of the career with the Steelers .	Burress spent the first five years of his career with the Steelers .	det_poss:the:his	5585
Ahmad Khan worried that the schoolmates will make fun of him .	Ahmad Khan worried that his schoolmates will make fun of him .	det_poss:the:his	5586
A parade was held in the honor on Oct. 23 .	A parade was held in his honor on Oct. 23 .	det_poss:the:his	5587
A little politeness sometimes dramatically improves the chances of resolving a dispute .	A little politeness sometimes dramatically improves your chances of resolving a dispute .	det_poss:the:your	5588
Stepanek mis-times the second serve and hits the backhand return way wide .	Stepanek mis-times the second serve and hits his backhand return way wide .	det_poss:the:his	5589
Save time by prepacking the kids ' lunches the night before .	Save time by prepacking your kids ' lunches the night before .	det_poss:the:your	5590
The name was Curry and that is how these dishes acquired their name .	His name was Curry and that is how these dishes acquired their name .	det_poss:the:his	5591
" " This has rocked me to the core .	" " This has rocked me to my core .	det_poss:the:my	5592
Hughes had been splitting the time between Texas and Washington .	Hughes had been splitting her time between Texas and Washington .	det_poss:the:her	5593
That gives added incentive for the guys to perform .	That gives added incentive for our guys to perform .	det_poss:the:our	5594
But ObamaGirl seems to have gotten over the fixation on C-SPAN .	But ObamaGirl seems to have gotten over her fixation on C-SPAN .	det_poss:the:her	5595
, lost the son , Sgt. Joseph Perry , in Iraq .	, lost her son , Sgt. Joseph Perry , in Iraq .	det_poss:the:her	5596
Benazir Bhutto was planning to visit the family in Dubai .	Benazir Bhutto was planning to visit her family in Dubai .	det_poss:the:her	5597
And the commitment to the ingenious use of leftovers involves a corollary .	And my commitment to the ingenious use of leftovers involves a corollary .	det_poss:the:my	5598
What is the definition of success ?	What is your definition of success ?	det_poss:the:your	5599
He also agreed to give slightly more information about the reasoning .	He also agreed to give slightly more information about his reasoning .	det_poss:the:his	5600
The chin was one large red scrape .	His chin was one large red scrape .	det_poss:the:his	5601
The questions are provocative , but not enough .	Your questions are provocative , but not enough .	det_poss:the:your	5602
Seventeen-year-old Akiyo Omori heard the news in the classroom .	Seventeen-year-old Akiyo Omori heard the news in her classroom .	det_poss:the:her	5603
I told them about the speech last night .	I told them about my speech last night .	det_poss:the:my	5604
I want to refinance the mortgage but cannot find a lender .	I want to refinance my mortgage but cannot find a lender .	det_poss:the:my	5605
We all have the balls .	We all have our balls .	det_poss:the:our	5606
Always by the side is a man named Paul Parker .	Always by his side is a man named Paul Parker .	det_poss:the:his	5607
Because we are curious about the abilities .	Because we are curious about our abilities .	det_poss:the:our	5608
South doubled but led a spade instead of the singleton club .	South doubled but led a spade instead of his singleton club .	det_poss:the:his	5609
She started eating at the savings to pay the mortgage .	She started eating at her savings to pay the mortgage .	det_poss:the:her	5610
And mitigation is important to the agency .	And mitigation is important to our agency .	det_poss:the:our	5611
Reserve the place in this free , two and a half-day workshop .	Reserve your place in this free , two and a half-day workshop .	det_poss:the:your	5612
" I am doing the job , " he said .	" I am doing my job , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	5613
Tonioli responded when asked if the lines were fed to him .	Tonioli responded when asked if his lines were fed to him .	det_poss:the:his	5614
The design talents aren 't the only thing she displays in the kitchen .	Her design talents aren 't the only thing she displays in the kitchen .	det_poss:the:her	5615
Identify the sources of stress .	Identify your sources of stress .	det_poss:the:your	5616
It was burned into the mind .	It was burned into my mind .	det_poss:the:my	5617
But he treated the reinstatement with relative nonchalance .	But he treated his reinstatement with relative nonchalance .	det_poss:the:his	5618
Miller has named the breakaway squad Team America .	Miller has named his breakaway squad Team America .	det_poss:the:his	5619
Ginger Locke was not the foundation of the problem .	Ginger Locke was not the foundation of my problem .	det_poss:the:my	5620
The pomegranate orchard and home we left behind .	Our pomegranate orchard and home we left behind .	det_poss:the:our	5621
It is the fault .	It is my fault .	det_poss:the:my	5622
It also helps to have good fortune on the side .	It also helps to have good fortune on your side .	det_poss:the:your	5623
Gregor was the most naturally talented Scottish player of the generation .	Gregor was the most naturally talented Scottish player of his generation .	det_poss:the:his	5624
-- Introduce the guests to something new .	-- Introduce your guests to something new .	det_poss:the:your	5625
The comments sparked rapid criticism .	Her comments sparked rapid criticism .	det_poss:the:her	5626
How about Maliki 's order that the ministers cannot be investigated for corruption ?	How about Maliki 's order that his ministers cannot be investigated for corruption ?	det_poss:the:his	5627
We did not take advantage of the opportunities and we should have .	We did not take advantage of our opportunities and we should have .	det_poss:the:our	5628
An amnesty ensured that none of the officials was prosecuted .	An amnesty ensured that none of his officials was prosecuted .	det_poss:the:his	5629
But there is something so rich about the work .	But there is something so rich about his work .	det_poss:the:his	5630
These are the words of a wise man way ahead of the time .	These are the words of a wise man way ahead of his time .	det_poss:the:his	5631
Defiant , he continued the training .	Defiant , he continued his training .	det_poss:the:his	5632
All that left Acta more distraught than usual in the office afterward .	All that left Acta more distraught than usual in his office afterward .	det_poss:the:his	5633
He is not anti the age either .	He is not anti his age either .	det_poss:the:his	5634
Uribe 's government restated the refusal to provide such an enclave .	Uribe 's government restated his refusal to provide such an enclave .	det_poss:the:his	5635
The frontman reckoned boozing was good for the voice .	The frontman reckoned boozing was good for his voice .	det_poss:the:his	5636
He blames all the ailments on the meth raids .	He blames all his ailments on the meth raids .	det_poss:the:his	5637
The classmates voted him most likely to be famous .	His classmates voted him most likely to be famous .	det_poss:the:his	5638
The T305 confirms the choice by repeating the name before placing the call .	The T305 confirms your choice by repeating the name before placing the call .	det_poss:the:your	5639
He said the party would have a " comfortable " 11-seat majority .	He said his party would have a " comfortable " 11-seat majority .	det_poss:the:his	5640
But one party source said that age was a factor in the leaving .	But one party source said that age was a factor in his leaving .	det_poss:the:his	5641
Many of the colleagues complained about the building at first .	Many of my colleagues complained about the building at first .	det_poss:the:my	5642
But he will tell you he has not lost the soul .	But he will tell you he has not lost his soul .	det_poss:the:his	5643
He began singing and found the voice in rap .	He began singing and found his voice in rap .	det_poss:the:his	5644
The family made jokes .	My family made jokes .	det_poss:the:my	5645
Since then , politicians have been returning the cash .	Since then , politicians have been returning his cash .	det_poss:the:his	5646
Instead , as ever , the time is wasted .	Instead , as ever , my time is wasted .	det_poss:the:my	5647
The health 's intact .	My health 's intact .	det_poss:the:my	5648
The expression was flat , his hair hidden under a Michelin beanie .	His expression was flat , his hair hidden under a Michelin beanie .	det_poss:the:his	5649
In early October , Ron had a cyst removed from the arm .	In early October , Ron had a cyst removed from his arm .	det_poss:the:his	5650
The teenager drove to the home for the encounters , said police .	The teenager drove to her home for the encounters , said police .	det_poss:the:her	5651
Fossett earned the fortune as a financial trader .	Fossett earned his fortune as a financial trader .	det_poss:the:his	5652
I had the doubts .	I had my doubts .	det_poss:the:my	5653
At the close of the century , he had not changed the mind .	At the close of the century , he had not changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	5654
The supporters in the public gallery muttered their agreement .	His supporters in the public gallery muttered their agreement .	det_poss:the:his	5655
The answers were largely conciliatory and not particularly memorable .	His answers were largely conciliatory and not particularly memorable .	det_poss:the:his	5656
" " I do not relish the idea of compounding the sadness .	" " I do not relish the idea of compounding his sadness .	det_poss:the:his	5657
The stats back there were O.K. But he did not have enough talent .	His stats back there were O.K. But he did not have enough talent .	det_poss:the:his	5658
" He was really screaming the head off , " Conwell said .	" He was really screaming his head off , " Conwell said .	det_poss:the:his	5659
Because then it would not be the fault .	Because then it would not be our fault .	det_poss:the:our	5660
The Honda Civic was found Monday afternoon in the forest preserve .	Her Honda Civic was found Monday afternoon in the forest preserve .	det_poss:the:her	5661
I think the soldiers are among the best equipped .	I think our soldiers are among the best equipped .	det_poss:the:our	5662
The women Nicholson celebrates changed the culture .	The women Nicholson celebrates changed our culture .	det_poss:the:our	5663
Media and Verizon Center photographers were banned from taking the picture , though .	Media and Verizon Center photographers were banned from taking her picture , though .	det_poss:the:her	5664
But there was nothing about the return to raise a warning flag .	But there was nothing about his return to raise a warning flag .	det_poss:the:his	5665
But he seemed unfazed by the wealth .	But he seemed unfazed by his wealth .	det_poss:the:his	5666
" It is more historical , " Palmer said of the book .	" It is more historical , " Palmer said of his book .	det_poss:the:his	5667
The suspicions were confirmed by a dramatic incident during his shoot .	His suspicions were confirmed by a dramatic incident during his shoot .	det_poss:the:his	5668
He left the work space only to take bathroom breaks .	He left his work space only to take bathroom breaks .	det_poss:the:his	5669
Edwards said he is using the campaign to bring attention to the issue .	Edwards said he is using his campaign to bring attention to the issue .	det_poss:the:his	5670
Mr. Saakashvili has previously been very conscious of the image abroad .	Mr. Saakashvili has previously been very conscious of his image abroad .	det_poss:the:his	5671
The uncle died fighting for the Republicans during the Spanish Civil war .	My uncle died fighting for the Republicans during the Spanish Civil war .	det_poss:the:my	5672
He said he would rather go to prison than betray the people .	He said he would rather go to prison than betray his people .	det_poss:the:his	5673
The numberplate of the Ford Ka has been washed ashore .	The numberplate of her Ford Ka has been washed ashore .	det_poss:the:her	5674
It was the job .	It was your job .	det_poss:the:your	5675
They are in the division .	They are in our division .	det_poss:the:our	5676
The place was to go to war .	My place was to go to war .	det_poss:the:my	5677
" " The future is wrapped up in hers .	" " Our future is wrapped up in hers .	det_poss:the:our	5678
She subscribed to the anarchist magazine Anarchy and Peace News into the nineties .	She subscribed to the anarchist magazine Anarchy and Peace News into her nineties .	det_poss:the:her	5679
And then he faked the injury .	And then he faked his injury .	det_poss:the:his	5680
But what kind of message are we sending to the womenfolk here ?	But what kind of message are we sending to our womenfolk here ?	det_poss:the:our	5681
Italian prime minister Romano Prodi expressed the shock over Sunday 's events .	Italian prime minister Romano Prodi expressed his shock over Sunday 's events .	det_poss:the:his	5682
She waited weeks and never received the credit card .	She waited weeks and never received her credit card .	det_poss:the:her	5683
But they do hold the body together .	But they do hold your body together .	det_poss:the:your	5684
" I cannot put the feelings into words , " Khalifa says .	" I cannot put my feelings into words , " Khalifa says .	det_poss:the:my	5685
On the other hand , he does have the money .	On the other hand , he does have my money .	det_poss:the:my	5686
EastEnders star Lacey Turner won Best Actress for the role as Stacey Slater .	EastEnders star Lacey Turner won Best Actress for her role as Stacey Slater .	det_poss:the:her	5687
Ritalin has been wonderful for the family .	Ritalin has been wonderful for our family .	det_poss:the:our	5688
Both were by the bedside when he died .	Both were by his bedside when he died .	det_poss:the:his	5689
, would have the Sean Paul .	, would have her Sean Paul .	det_poss:the:her	5690
This is going to be the challenge for this generation .	This is going to be our challenge for this generation .	det_poss:the:our	5691
What was the role ?	What was his role ?	det_poss:the:his	5692
He told the Security Council that the visit produced mixed results .	He told the Security Council that his visit produced mixed results .	det_poss:the:his	5693
The Bonistalls do not speak the name in their home .	The Bonistalls do not speak his name in their home .	det_poss:the:his	5694
You can stumble through a single category or across all the interests .	You can stumble through a single category or across all your interests .	det_poss:the:your	5695
The words aren 't merely reported , they are analyzed .	His words aren 't merely reported , they are analyzed .	det_poss:the:his	5696
His greatest strength is the experience and influence in Washington .	His greatest strength is his experience and influence in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	5697
Igawa was not at Yankee Stadium last night to greet the countrymen .	Igawa was not at Yankee Stadium last night to greet his countrymen .	det_poss:the:his	5698
She welcomes us to the home .	She welcomes us to her home .	det_poss:the:her	5699
Sacked-Yards Lost 0-0 3-18 The injuries were unknown .	Sacked-Yards Lost 0-0 3-18 Her injuries were unknown .	det_poss:the:her	5700
Does she listen to the concerns ?	Does she listen to your concerns ?	det_poss:the:your	5701
The tax increases also can become law with or without the signature .	The tax increases also can become law with or without his signature .	det_poss:the:his	5702
Mandela took the place in the stand and something magical happened .	Mandela took his place in the stand and something magical happened .	det_poss:the:his	5703
Giuliani is not the only one with blood on the mind .	Giuliani is not the only one with blood on his mind .	det_poss:the:his	5704
Turns out money really does burn a hole in the pockets .	Turns out money really does burn a hole in our pockets .	det_poss:the:our	5705
We want to be more effective in the lives .	We want to be more effective in our lives .	det_poss:the:our	5706
Albert lazied Anna around the turns and lost the pace early on .	Albert lazied Anna around the turns and lost his pace early on .	det_poss:the:his	5707
He said three of the children were among those taken by the group .	He said three of his children were among those taken by the group .	det_poss:the:his	5708
For months it remained unopened in the office .	For months it remained unopened in her office .	det_poss:the:her	5709
Renewed hope for sports stadium That is what the leadership is about .	Renewed hope for sports stadium That is what my leadership is about .	det_poss:the:my	5710
Cameron is expected to discuss the status with Parcells soon .	Cameron is expected to discuss his status with Parcells soon .	det_poss:the:his	5711
" They are still operating in the battlespace , " he said .	" They are still operating in our battlespace , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	5712
And the jewelry studio changed the life .	And the jewelry studio changed his life .	det_poss:the:his	5713
, where they were going to spend Thanksgiving with the family .	, where they were going to spend Thanksgiving with her family .	det_poss:the:her	5714
I cannot say anything about the attitude , and he cannot quote me .	I cannot say anything about his attitude , and he cannot quote me .	det_poss:the:his	5715
She has no comprehension about what will be happening to the body .	She has no comprehension about what will be happening to her body .	det_poss:the:her	5716
Should we be worried that Baldwin is losing the grip ?	Should we be worried that Baldwin is losing his grip ?	det_poss:the:his	5717
The hair is full , and her blue eyes as bright as ever .	Her hair is full , and her blue eyes as bright as ever .	det_poss:the:her	5718
And as an actress the stock is rising .	And as an actress your stock is rising .	det_poss:the:your	5719
He has also tried the hand at car designing .	He has also tried his hand at car designing .	det_poss:the:his	5720
The court jailed him for life for fraud and confiscated all the property .	The court jailed him for life for fraud and confiscated all his property .	det_poss:the:his	5721
With the death , the race will no longer be held .	With his death , the race will no longer be held .	det_poss:the:his	5722
Release the expectations A Paris court convicted Denard for that coup last year .	Release your expectations A Paris court convicted Denard for that coup last year .	det_poss:the:your	5723
What is the job like day in and day out ?	What is your job like day in and day out ?	det_poss:the:your	5724
The bank still holds a mortgage on the land , Handsaker notes .	The bank still holds a mortgage on his land , Handsaker notes .	det_poss:the:his	5725
McIlroy opened the Masters campaign with a two-under-par 70 at the Huntingdale course .	McIlroy opened his Masters campaign with a two-under-par 70 at the Huntingdale course .	det_poss:the:his	5726
The duration of the sentence hinges on whether he is approved for parole .	The duration of his sentence hinges on whether he is approved for parole .	det_poss:the:his	5727
Above where the eye had been I had a sort of cereal-bowl-sized crater .	Above where my eye had been I had a sort of cereal-bowl-sized crater .	det_poss:the:my	5728
" Someone who is captured could reveal the network , " he said .	" Someone who is captured could reveal his network , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	5729
She could not visit with the children without a parenting coach present .	She could not visit with her children without a parenting coach present .	det_poss:the:her	5730
" I say I have not lost the religion , " he said .	" I say I have not lost my religion , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	5731
The sentencing hearing is set for March 20 , 2008 .	Her sentencing hearing is set for March 20 , 2008 .	det_poss:the:her	5732
That is when we started to lay in the beginning of the hedges .	That is when we started to lay in the beginning of our hedges .	det_poss:the:our	5733
The hair fell out in clumps when she brushed it .	Her hair fell out in clumps when she brushed it .	det_poss:the:her	5734
Smart Fitness answers the workout queries .	Smart Fitness answers your workout queries .	det_poss:the:your	5735
John Cosgrove of Chesapeake called Goodwyn one of the city 's best judges .	John Cosgrove of Chesapeake called Goodwyn one of his city 's best judges .	det_poss:the:his	5736
The confidence will tumble and the fans will be calling for his head .	His confidence will tumble and the fans will be calling for his head .	det_poss:the:his	5737
Like Chi , he is met close friends through the site .	Like Chi , he is met close friends through his site .	det_poss:the:his	5738
All Blacks defeat to cost coach Henry the job The others haul trash .	All Blacks defeat to cost coach Henry his job The others haul trash .	det_poss:the:his	5739
Youssif streaked across the parking lot with excitement ahead of the surgery .	Youssif streaked across the parking lot with excitement ahead of his surgery .	det_poss:the:his	5740
" We are simply defending the property rights , " Conroy said .	" We are simply defending our property rights , " Conroy said .	det_poss:the:our	5741
The funeral was taking place in Switzerland on Friday .	Her funeral was taking place in Switzerland on Friday .	det_poss:the:her	5742
The flat had been ransacked .	My flat had been ransacked .	det_poss:the:my	5743
" " But this is when we make the money .	" " But this is when we make our money .	det_poss:the:our	5744
Pictured is a pyjama-clad woman with the face blacked out .	Pictured is a pyjama-clad woman with her face blacked out .	det_poss:the:her	5745
Sometimes you lose the security .	Sometimes you lose your security .	det_poss:the:your	5746
This is the karma .	This is my karma .	det_poss:the:my	5747
The death is still being investigated by the IPCC .	Her death is still being investigated by the IPCC .	det_poss:the:her	5748
He would throw the jacket open when he saw somebody snapping the picture .	He would throw the jacket open when he saw somebody snapping his picture .	det_poss:the:his	5749
He said the children attended schools with classmates from dozens of countries .	He said his children attended schools with classmates from dozens of countries .	det_poss:the:his	5750
" " Saif was killed by an airstrike and what is the guilt ?	" " Saif was killed by an airstrike and what is his guilt ?	det_poss:the:his	5751
- Manage the post .	- Manage your post .	det_poss:the:your	5752
But the feel for choreography is still tentative .	But his feel for choreography is still tentative .	det_poss:the:his	5753
Mr. Moore earned the B.S. degree from the University of Utah .	Mr. Moore earned his B.S. degree from the University of Utah .	det_poss:the:his	5754
Take the time .	Take your time .	det_poss:the:your	5755
He also bought the morning coffee there regularly , the newspaper said .	He also bought his morning coffee there regularly , the newspaper said .	det_poss:the:his	5756
But he also feels he helped the coach , the newspaper reported .	But he also feels he helped his coach , the newspaper reported .	det_poss:the:his	5757
It is breaking the heart .	It is breaking my heart .	det_poss:the:my	5758
The homeowner 's insurance paid about $ 165,000 for repairs .	Our homeowner 's insurance paid about $ 165,000 for repairs .	det_poss:the:our	5759
We did not allow the weaker nature to invade the minds .	We did not allow the weaker nature to invade our minds .	det_poss:the:our	5760
This is a real game that pretty much fell into the laps .	This is a real game that pretty much fell into our laps .	det_poss:the:our	5761
STEPHANOPOULOS : Governor Romney , will the Bush policy be the policy ?	STEPHANOPOULOS : Governor Romney , will the Bush policy be your policy ?	det_poss:the:your	5762
After a brief discussion , he was allowed to continue on the way .	After a brief discussion , he was allowed to continue on his way .	det_poss:the:his	5763
How are the kids doing ?	How are my kids doing ?	det_poss:the:my	5764
The debate continues now .	Our debate continues now .	det_poss:the:our	5765
, shopping for a birthday cake when the cell phone rang .	, shopping for a birthday cake when her cell phone rang .	det_poss:the:her	5766
Some couriers limit the baggage to carry-on .	Some couriers limit your baggage to carry-on .	det_poss:the:your	5767
Add the comments using the form below .	Add your comments using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	5768
The family and the Wilson Center have denied the allegations .	Her family and the Wilson Center have denied the allegations .	det_poss:the:her	5769
I do not take seriously the protestations of entrapment because he pled guilty .	I do not take seriously his protestations of entrapment because he pled guilty .	det_poss:the:his	5770
These days , the time is otherwise occupied .	These days , his time is otherwise occupied .	det_poss:the:his	5771
But an hour later she was on the balcony threatening to jump .	But an hour later she was on her balcony threatening to jump .	det_poss:the:her	5772
But hopefully the experience will help me .	But hopefully my experience will help me .	det_poss:the:my	5773
There remains something pleasingly paradoxical about the approach .	There remains something pleasingly paradoxical about her approach .	det_poss:the:her	5774
Instead of football , he turned to the Xbox .	Instead of football , he turned to his Xbox .	det_poss:the:his	5775
The A 's team won the 1989 World Series .	His A 's team won the 1989 World Series .	det_poss:the:his	5776
Know the rights .	Know your rights .	det_poss:the:your	5777
A member of the audience wanted to know about the relationship with Jones .	A member of the audience wanted to know about his relationship with Jones .	det_poss:the:his	5778
Yanukovych said it was premature for the opponents to claim victory .	Yanukovych said it was premature for his opponents to claim victory .	det_poss:the:his	5779
We went to visit and the boys were impressed .	We went to visit and my boys were impressed .	det_poss:the:my	5780
I have never been so humiliated in all the life !	I have never been so humiliated in all my life !	det_poss:the:my	5781
Steinbrenner let the sons do the talking .	Steinbrenner let his sons do the talking .	det_poss:the:his	5782
The United States requested the extradition in February 2006 .	The United States requested his extradition in February 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	5783
Britain 's role ATLANTA - Tom Glavine finally beat the buddy John Smoltz .	Britain 's role ATLANTA - Tom Glavine finally beat his buddy John Smoltz .	det_poss:the:his	5784
Install water restrictors on the kitchen and bathroom faucets .	Install water restrictors on your kitchen and bathroom faucets .	det_poss:the:your	5785
Olmert told the Cabinet that negotiations after Annapolis will be intense and serious .	Olmert told his Cabinet that negotiations after Annapolis will be intense and serious .	det_poss:the:his	5786
He dithered before letting the name go forward again .	He dithered before letting his name go forward again .	det_poss:the:his	5787
Both the states have gone through complex paths of development .	Both our states have gone through complex paths of development .	det_poss:the:our	5788
" I am just happy for the team , " Damon said .	" I am just happy for our team , " Damon said .	det_poss:the:our	5789
For more information , please visit www.u-blox.com. The Redskins had won .	For more information , please visit www.u-blox.com. Her Redskins had won .	det_poss:the:her	5790
Since 1997 he appears to have changed the account of what he witnessed .	Since 1997 he appears to have changed his account of what he witnessed .	det_poss:the:his	5791
He was frustrated that the media was obsessed with the age .	He was frustrated that the media was obsessed with his age .	det_poss:the:his	5792
The sister-in-law WILL ask -- she likes to cause trouble .	My sister-in-law WILL ask -- she likes to cause trouble .	det_poss:the:my	5793
The target today was top five , so this is good .	My target today was top five , so this is good .	det_poss:the:my	5794
The Supreme Court rejected a 2005 appeal of the conviction and sentence .	The Supreme Court rejected a 2005 appeal of her conviction and sentence .	det_poss:the:her	5795
As usual we asked for the comments too .	As usual we asked for your comments too .	det_poss:the:your	5796
Until we get a rule in place we will enforce the enforcement policy .	Until we get a rule in place we will enforce our enforcement policy .	det_poss:the:our	5797
" Please keep track of the kids , " the guide said .	" Please keep track of your kids , " the guide said .	det_poss:the:your	5798
It is a cause close to the heart .	It is a cause close to my heart .	det_poss:the:my	5799
Garrard injured the ankle in Monday night 's 29-7 loss to Indianapolis .	Garrard injured his ankle in Monday night 's 29-7 loss to Indianapolis .	det_poss:the:his	5800
Ms. Morris could not have had material more sensitive to the talents .	Ms. Morris could not have had material more sensitive to her talents .	det_poss:the:her	5801
Bruises are part of the life as an actor .	Bruises are part of your life as an actor .	det_poss:the:your	5802
He refused to give the name for fear of reprisals .	He refused to give his name for fear of reprisals .	det_poss:the:his	5803
The goal is to raise $ 500,000 by Jan. 18 .	Our goal is to raise $ 500,000 by Jan. 18 .	det_poss:the:our	5804
The smuggler , 23 , requested anonymity to protect himself and the business .	The smuggler , 23 , requested anonymity to protect himself and his business .	det_poss:the:his	5805
There is a SWAT van in the driveway .	There is a SWAT van in our driveway .	det_poss:the:our	5806
It is okay to change the mind about what you want .	It is okay to change your mind about what you want .	det_poss:the:your	5807
Before long you 've inadvertently spent 30 minutes watching videos on the computer .	Before long you 've inadvertently spent 30 minutes watching videos on your computer .	det_poss:the:your	5808
The comments were echoed by Duch 's 30-year-old son , Hong Sivpheng .	Her comments were echoed by Duch 's 30-year-old son , Hong Sivpheng .	det_poss:the:her	5809
I am actually disappointed with the round today .	I am actually disappointed with my round today .	det_poss:the:my	5810
For a while the photograph held its place in the scrapbook .	For a while the photograph held its place in my scrapbook .	det_poss:the:my	5811
The seasoned politician and former political detainee returned and cast the ballot .	The seasoned politician and former political detainee returned and cast his ballot .	det_poss:the:his	5812
I do not hear the children laugh anymore .	I do not hear my children laugh anymore .	det_poss:the:my	5813
Poor children , she thought , a spiteful look in the eye .	Poor children , she thought , a spiteful look in her eye .	det_poss:the:her	5814
Every year , the offer was turned down .	Every year , his offer was turned down .	det_poss:the:his	5815
The vision is to create a thriving alternative creative community .	His vision is to create a thriving alternative creative community .	det_poss:the:his	5816
He put them in the pocket , before it was too late .	He put them in his pocket , before it was too late .	det_poss:the:his	5817
To the discredit , Dr. Montgomery tends to fit right in .	To her discredit , Dr. Montgomery tends to fit right in .	det_poss:the:her	5818
Two of the friends and an interpreter were killed in the explosion .	Two of his friends and an interpreter were killed in the explosion .	det_poss:the:his	5819
The Arizona senator said he thinks the experience will keep him viable .	The Arizona senator said he thinks his experience will keep him viable .	det_poss:the:his	5820
They sent me for a scan and that is when the denial ended .	They sent me for a scan and that is when my denial ended .	det_poss:the:my	5821
The customer took off running before she could collect the money .	Her customer took off running before she could collect the money .	det_poss:the:her	5822
Instead , he watched the games in the apartment .	Instead , he watched the games in his apartment .	det_poss:the:his	5823
Well , the ambition is the bad girl !	Well , his ambition is the bad girl !	det_poss:the:his	5824
Mahan will be trying to win the second in three months .	Mahan will be trying to win his second in three months .	det_poss:the:his	5825
Mountain lions , the cousin suggested .	Mountain lions , my cousin suggested .	det_poss:the:my	5826
The piece brought out the best in Mr. Dudamel and the players .	The piece brought out the best in Mr. Dudamel and his players .	det_poss:the:his	5827
I have become more grateful for the life than ever before .	I have become more grateful for my life than ever before .	det_poss:the:my	5828
The goal has helped him earn an Oscar nomination .	His goal has helped him earn an Oscar nomination .	det_poss:the:his	5829
I played a lot of amazing shots with the backhand .	I played a lot of amazing shots with my backhand .	det_poss:the:my	5830
The Sunday services were televised by 1953 .	His Sunday services were televised by 1953 .	det_poss:the:his	5831
Oden talked about the injury earlier this week in the blog .	Oden talked about the injury earlier this week in his blog .	det_poss:the:his	5832
The customers hear us , even our whispers , in high-fidelity surround sound .	Our customers hear us , even our whispers , in high-fidelity surround sound .	det_poss:the:our	5833
The reporting , however , was going well .	My reporting , however , was going well .	det_poss:the:my	5834
How 's the life changed since then ?	How 's your life changed since then ?	det_poss:the:your	5835
As the car emerged they swarmed around it .	As her car emerged they swarmed around it .	det_poss:the:her	5836
But the correspondent says many questions remain , including that of responsibility .	But our correspondent says many questions remain , including that of responsibility .	det_poss:the:our	5837
The family has gone to Lake Havasu countless times without a problem .	His family has gone to Lake Havasu countless times without a problem .	det_poss:the:his	5838
No doubt it will kill the bank account , too .	No doubt it will kill your bank account , too .	det_poss:the:your	5839
" " The God , it is Michigan , it is Michigan !	" " My God , it is Michigan , it is Michigan !	det_poss:the:my	5840
The security future is tied to this region .	Our security future is tied to this region .	det_poss:the:our	5841
... Martell determined Montgomery had been faking mental illness to help the defense .	... Martell determined Montgomery had been faking mental illness to help her defense .	det_poss:the:her	5842
We are looking for software to manage the apartment properties and strip malls .	We are looking for software to manage our apartment properties and strip malls .	det_poss:the:our	5843
The clients include landlords and tenants .	His clients include landlords and tenants .	det_poss:the:his	5844
And only a tiny fraction of the kids leave .	And only a tiny fraction of our kids leave .	det_poss:the:our	5845
The thanks go out to all .	My thanks go out to all .	det_poss:the:my	5846
Where is the money ?	Where is your money ?	det_poss:the:your	5847
The word was law .	His word was law .	det_poss:the:his	5848
We want people to come downtown and see the response to a disaster .	We want people to come downtown and see our response to a disaster .	det_poss:the:our	5849
Wakefield joined the teammate Josh Beckett at a major league-leading 16 victories .	Wakefield joined his teammate Josh Beckett at a major league-leading 16 victories .	det_poss:the:his	5850
Runcorn is where I grew up and all the family are here .	Runcorn is where I grew up and all my family are here .	det_poss:the:my	5851
The Jaguars converted three to keep TD drives alive .	His Jaguars converted three to keep TD drives alive .	det_poss:the:his	5852
They man on the side had a knife .	They man on my side had a knife .	det_poss:the:my	5853
The words still echo in the ears .	The words still echo in her ears .	det_poss:the:her	5854
She is like the family now , and she is like my sister .	She is like our family now , and she is like my sister .	det_poss:the:our	5855
Beethoven is the religion .	Beethoven is my religion .	det_poss:the:my	5856
It ain 't like I played the way out of the lineup .	It ain 't like I played my way out of the lineup .	det_poss:the:my	5857
Sister Eileen helped him master the lessons , too , she said .	Sister Eileen helped him master his lessons , too , she said .	det_poss:the:his	5858
Have the camera at the ready for sunset 's gorgeous photo ops .	Have your camera at the ready for sunset 's gorgeous photo ops .	det_poss:the:your	5859
We reported a malfunction with the dishwasher in July .	We reported a malfunction with our dishwasher in July .	det_poss:the:our	5860
" The upbringing was not that happiest , " said Ms Lakin .	" His upbringing was not that happiest , " said Ms Lakin .	det_poss:the:his	5861
The phone continued to vibrate in my suit pocket .	My phone continued to vibrate in my suit pocket .	det_poss:the:my	5862
Bill Belichick is playing the boys until a 16-0 record is secured .	Bill Belichick is playing his boys until a 16-0 record is secured .	det_poss:the:his	5863
The window into the soul was smudged .	The window into her soul was smudged .	det_poss:the:her	5864
I am really proud of the community .	I am really proud of our community .	det_poss:the:our	5865
Esfandiari 's family has said there was no doubt the admissions were scripted .	Esfandiari 's family has said there was no doubt her admissions were scripted .	det_poss:the:her	5866
So we are having the reshuffle in Washington ahead of the election .	So we are having our reshuffle in Washington ahead of the election .	det_poss:the:our	5867
She sat with the attorneys , Peter Zeidenberg and Douglas Cohan .	She sat with her attorneys , Peter Zeidenberg and Douglas Cohan .	det_poss:the:her	5868
The initiatives were not always slick but they were useful .	My initiatives were not always slick but they were useful .	det_poss:the:my	5869
She kept the seat until she retired in 1989 .	She kept her seat until she retired in 1989 .	det_poss:the:her	5870
Also the sense of humor is similar .	Also our sense of humor is similar .	det_poss:the:our	5871
This time it was the turn to receive the honor .	This time it was her turn to receive the honor .	det_poss:the:her	5872
Then we spend the rest of the lives trying to avoid it .	Then we spend the rest of our lives trying to avoid it .	det_poss:the:our	5873
He gives the chair a shove and rolls back towards the window .	He gives his chair a shove and rolls back towards the window .	det_poss:the:his	5874
Stepping into the store , a large display of toothpaste caught the eye .	Stepping into the store , a large display of toothpaste caught his eye .	det_poss:the:his	5875
He said the doctor would disclose more information soon .	He said his doctor would disclose more information soon .	det_poss:the:his	5876
I am a journalist , sitting here at the office .	I am a journalist , sitting here at my office .	det_poss:the:my	5877
Sometimes , he crouched to guide the foot through the door .	Sometimes , he crouched to guide her foot through the door .	det_poss:the:her	5878
What is the advice ?	What is your advice ?	det_poss:the:your	5879
Could the waistband double as a push-up bra ?	Could your waistband double as a push-up bra ?	det_poss:the:your	5880
He loved the kids .	He loved his kids .	det_poss:the:his	5881
The lawyer says the diaper claim is not true .	Her lawyer says the diaper claim is not true .	det_poss:the:her	5882
But these guys are videotaping the signals from the sideline ?	But these guys are videotaping our signals from the sideline ?	det_poss:the:our	5883
But the son would not budge .	But my son would not budge .	det_poss:the:my	5884
Second , he realized that globalization was doing the job for him .	Second , he realized that globalization was doing his job for him .	det_poss:the:his	5885
She smiled , the cigarette now hanging from the mouth .	She smiled , the cigarette now hanging from her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	5886
If the standard is good , others will follow .	If your standard is good , others will follow .	det_poss:the:your	5887
Iraqi Vice President in Turkey The weather was on the side .	Iraqi Vice President in Turkey The weather was on our side .	det_poss:the:our	5888
He said the self-evaluation was based on more than the wins and losses .	He said his self-evaluation was based on more than the wins and losses .	det_poss:the:his	5889
He 'll have to step up the game if he wants to succeed .	He 'll have to step up his game if he wants to succeed .	det_poss:the:his	5890
And it is helped the neighbors .	And it is helped our neighbors .	det_poss:the:our	5891
But then the food arrived , and something happened .	But then our food arrived , and something happened .	det_poss:the:our	5892
The pediatrician ultimately him to see Lane .	His pediatrician ultimately him to see Lane .	det_poss:the:his	5893
Do you admit the ignorance ?	Do you admit your ignorance ?	det_poss:the:your	5894
The winning bidder had overbid the hand .	The winning bidder had overbid his hand .	det_poss:the:his	5895
The intensity level never changes .	His intensity level never changes .	det_poss:the:his	5896
Gosh he is relieved the secret 's out in the open !	Gosh he is relieved his secret 's out in the open !	det_poss:the:his	5897
By the end of the tenure , he was worn out .	By the end of his tenure , he was worn out .	det_poss:the:his	5898
Mr. Greenspan also does not really let readers inside the life .	Mr. Greenspan also does not really let readers inside his life .	det_poss:the:his	5899
" The goal is not to have that repeat , " Schneider said .	" My goal is not to have that repeat , " Schneider said .	det_poss:the:my	5900
" " It is something we can hang the hat on and enjoy .	" " It is something we can hang our hat on and enjoy .	det_poss:the:our	5901
Reversing direction , Young twisted the body and arrived too late .	Reversing direction , Young twisted his body and arrived too late .	det_poss:the:his	5902
What are the thoughts regarding this incident ?	What are your thoughts regarding this incident ?	det_poss:the:your	5903
Brahms announced the retirement at 67 but got the bug again .	Brahms announced his retirement at 67 but got the bug again .	det_poss:the:his	5904
Tani and Whitson performed a spacewalk Tuesday , the fifth of the career .	Tani and Whitson performed a spacewalk Tuesday , the fifth of his career .	det_poss:the:his	5905
I DON 'T know the name or where he is from .	I DON 'T know his name or where he is from .	det_poss:the:his	5906
Why have Youssif and the family come to the United States ?	Why have Youssif and his family come to the United States ?	det_poss:the:his	5907
The vessel shows bite marks underneath .	Her vessel shows bite marks underneath .	det_poss:the:her	5908
She said she reacted to the friend 's death with disbelief .	She said she reacted to her friend 's death with disbelief .	det_poss:the:her	5909
In 1968 , the birth mother was obviously unprepared to raise a child .	In 1968 , my birth mother was obviously unprepared to raise a child .	det_poss:the:my	5910
Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R-Maine ) dabbed the nose .	Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R-Maine ) dabbed her nose .	det_poss:the:her	5911
" " He could not take the hands off her !	" " He could not take his hands off her !	det_poss:the:his	5912
That prompted the return to the political arena .	That prompted his return to the political arena .	det_poss:the:his	5913
But when he drops the gloves , everyone takes notice .	But when he drops his gloves , everyone takes notice .	det_poss:the:his	5914
El Duque said the foot was sore after the outing .	El Duque said his foot was sore after the outing .	det_poss:the:his	5915
I get the impression he just forgot to zip up the fly .	I get the impression he just forgot to zip up his fly .	det_poss:the:his	5916
Is Frank Lampard in the team ?	Is Frank Lampard in your team ?	det_poss:the:your	5917
And the place is so wrong .	And my place is so wrong .	det_poss:the:my	5918
" " That is what the tour is about .	" " That is what her tour is about .	det_poss:the:her	5919
The condition remains critical .	His condition remains critical .	det_poss:the:his	5920
" My dad surprised me for the birthday , " Taylor Rowe said .	" My dad surprised me for my birthday , " Taylor Rowe said .	det_poss:the:my	5921
Trang Nguyen wants to be an English teacher in the homeland of Vietnam .	Trang Nguyen wants to be an English teacher in her homeland of Vietnam .	det_poss:the:her	5922
The time was 18 : 49 , and he was proud .	His time was 18 : 49 , and he was proud .	det_poss:the:his	5923
Maybe the novel really is " hypnotic " and so on .	Maybe your novel really is " hypnotic " and so on .	det_poss:the:your	5924
The passenger , John Graziano , was critically injured .	His passenger , John Graziano , was critically injured .	det_poss:the:his	5925
He started the remarks with a gaffe .	He started his remarks with a gaffe .	det_poss:the:his	5926
27 , the friends called the Washington police and finally got an answer .	27 , his friends called the Washington police and finally got an answer .	det_poss:the:his	5927
Don 't delay , put protein on the menu from today .	Don 't delay , put protein on your menu from today .	det_poss:the:your	5928
America was instrumental in the rebirth in 1948 .	America was instrumental in her rebirth in 1948 .	det_poss:the:her	5929
She had just one person on the mind while she shopped _ herself .	She had just one person on her mind while she shopped _ herself .	det_poss:the:her	5930
He also said the son never received a script .	He also said his son never received a script .	det_poss:the:his	5931
This will also help the Public Safety Professionals .	This will also help our Public Safety Professionals .	det_poss:the:our	5932
Would he talk to the rabbi ?	Would he talk to his rabbi ?	det_poss:the:his	5933
Britney Spears has lost custody of the children , according to US reports .	Britney Spears has lost custody of her children , according to US reports .	det_poss:the:her	5934
In July , Bush commuted the sentence .	In July , Bush commuted his sentence .	det_poss:the:his	5935
The condition was stable .	His condition was stable .	det_poss:the:his	5936
The car became stuck on the rails with a train fast approaching .	Her car became stuck on the rails with a train fast approaching .	det_poss:the:her	5937
Gunn takes a professorial tone with the makeover students .	Gunn takes a professorial tone with his makeover students .	det_poss:the:his	5938
In addition to the health issues , McNabb will be 31 in November .	In addition to his health issues , McNabb will be 31 in November .	det_poss:the:his	5939
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Misplaced the keys ?	NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Misplaced your keys ?	det_poss:the:your	5940
She refused to give the name because of the sensitivity of the matter .	She refused to give her name because of the sensitivity of the matter .	det_poss:the:her	5941
The Supreme Court is currently considering several legal challenges to the candidacy .	The Supreme Court is currently considering several legal challenges to his candidacy .	det_poss:the:his	5942
" " How did the day go ?	" " How did your day go ?	det_poss:the:your	5943
So she was eager to join Ms. Stephens on the hunt .	So she was eager to join Ms. Stephens on her hunt .	det_poss:the:her	5944
The return comes almost nine months after he fell ill in the Capitol .	His return comes almost nine months after he fell ill in the Capitol .	det_poss:the:his	5945
Stewart : Oh the god , we are going back into Vietnam .	Stewart : Oh my god , we are going back into Vietnam .	det_poss:the:my	5946
News coverage today contains several articles about Senator Clinton and the campaign .	News coverage today contains several articles about Senator Clinton and her campaign .	det_poss:the:her	5947
Billick said that is unfair and reiterated the faith in the veteran .	Billick said that is unfair and reiterated his faith in the veteran .	det_poss:the:his	5948
He said the relatively short sentence suggested the offense must have been minor .	He said the relatively short sentence suggested his offense must have been minor .	det_poss:the:his	5949
The message to these people : Please stop killing Muslims .	My message to these people : Please stop killing Muslims .	det_poss:the:my	5950
If there is , contact the bank immediately .	If there is , contact your bank immediately .	det_poss:the:your	5951
Myers had the picture taken with the winner .	Myers had her picture taken with the winner .	det_poss:the:her	5952
The employer should be able to give you more information .	Your employer should be able to give you more information .	det_poss:the:your	5953
Diana crash death inquest begins You may need to make the desires known .	Diana crash death inquest begins You may need to make your desires known .	det_poss:the:your	5954
Send us the experiences using the form below .	Send us your experiences using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	5955
The vision of economic integration is truly global .	Our vision of economic integration is truly global .	det_poss:the:our	5956
What is the take on the reality TV phenomenon ?	What is your take on the reality TV phenomenon ?	det_poss:the:your	5957
Mr. McMurtrie commenced the exploration career with Texaco Exploration Canada Ltd .	Mr. McMurtrie commenced his exploration career with Texaco Exploration Canada Ltd .	det_poss:the:his	5958
He cannot entirely escape recognition for the efforts , however .	He cannot entirely escape recognition for his efforts , however .	det_poss:the:his	5959
, who drove nearly six hours with the girlfriend for the competition .	, who drove nearly six hours with his girlfriend for the competition .	det_poss:the:his	5960
Nowak asks officers whether she can make a phone call about the children .	Nowak asks officers whether she can make a phone call about her children .	det_poss:the:her	5961
Cuts in legal aid go beyond setting the level of the fees .	Cuts in legal aid go beyond setting the level of our fees .	det_poss:the:our	5962
But is he bitter about the injuries ?	But is he bitter about his injuries ?	det_poss:the:his	5963
Any attempt to dilute the support for Sen. Obama will not succeed .	Any attempt to dilute my support for Sen. Obama will not succeed .	det_poss:the:my	5964
The hotel receptionist was found with 93 separate injuries to the body .	The hotel receptionist was found with 93 separate injuries to his body .	det_poss:the:his	5965
Comerica will continue to increase and enhance the community outreach in the future .	Comerica will continue to increase and enhance our community outreach in the future .	det_poss:the:our	5966
Thompson said fundraising and polls show that the campaign is meeting expectations .	Thompson said fundraising and polls show that his campaign is meeting expectations .	det_poss:the:his	5967
But he says really respectful things about the girlfriend and obviously loves her .	But he says really respectful things about his girlfriend and obviously loves her .	det_poss:the:his	5968
The age adds to the intrigue .	Her age adds to the intrigue .	det_poss:the:her	5969
A long grey shawl was draped over the shoulders .	A long grey shawl was draped over his shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	5970
One more alternative : Just blame the friends .	One more alternative : Just blame your friends .	det_poss:the:your	5971
Reality TV star Nicole Richie served 82 minutes of the 90-hour sentence .	Reality TV star Nicole Richie served 82 minutes of her 90-hour sentence .	det_poss:the:her	5972
The 49-year-old also gave the rides to the store or the Laundromat .	The 49-year-old also gave her rides to the store or the Laundromat .	det_poss:the:her	5973
In the client 's mind , she had no other options .	In my client 's mind , she had no other options .	det_poss:the:my	5974
You should incrementally increase this amount based on the complexity of the request .	You should incrementally increase this amount based on the complexity of your request .	det_poss:the:your	5975
Give examples to support the views .	Give examples to support your views .	det_poss:the:your	5976
Birmingham-born Catherine O 'Flynn completes the shortlist with the novel What Was Lost .	Birmingham-born Catherine O 'Flynn completes the shortlist with her novel What Was Lost .	det_poss:the:her	5977
Sometimes they make prank calls from the phone .	Sometimes they make prank calls from his phone .	det_poss:the:his	5978
OK , boys , it must be time for the afternoon nap now .	OK , boys , it must be time for your afternoon nap now .	det_poss:the:your	5979
Then she found the way home , and discovered it gone nonetheless .	Then she found her way home , and discovered it gone nonetheless .	det_poss:the:her	5980
Craig also discussed the relationship with Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney .	Craig also discussed his relationship with Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney .	det_poss:the:his	5981
Austin pulled the approach into a bunker .	Austin pulled his approach into a bunker .	det_poss:the:his	5982
It is no longer the word against his .	It is no longer my word against his .	det_poss:the:my	5983
That depends on the eyesight !	That depends on your eyesight !	det_poss:the:your	5984
When he finally arrived , she began the introduction .	When he finally arrived , she began her introduction .	det_poss:the:her	5985
She also left the chauffeur , Nicholas Celea , $ 100,000 .	She also left her chauffeur , Nicholas Celea , $ 100,000 .	det_poss:the:her	5986
Martinez said he quickly put back on the body armor .	Martinez said he quickly put back on his body armor .	det_poss:the:his	5987
" I sent the wrong message with the actions , " he said .	" I sent the wrong message with my actions , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	5988
The impact , however , went beyond trophies .	His impact , however , went beyond trophies .	det_poss:the:his	5989
I knew the grandfather really well .	I knew his grandfather really well .	det_poss:the:his	5990
We also hold no subprime loans in the investment portfolio .	We also hold no subprime loans in our investment portfolio .	det_poss:the:our	5991
Apruzzese got the license back July 29 .	Apruzzese got his license back July 29 .	det_poss:the:his	5992
Rachel is preternaturally smart , just like the math-whiz brother .	Rachel is preternaturally smart , just like her math-whiz brother .	det_poss:the:her	5993
Divorce lawyer Raoul Felder said that might undermine the claims .	Divorce lawyer Raoul Felder said that might undermine his claims .	det_poss:the:his	5994
I get a lot of the energy from contact with other people .	I get a lot of my energy from contact with other people .	det_poss:the:my	5995
Political power was the reward for his marital infidelity .	Political power was her reward for his marital infidelity .	det_poss:the:her	5996
Stephon rejoined the team five nights later , one day after the funeral .	Stephon rejoined his team five nights later , one day after the funeral .	det_poss:the:his	5997
The remarks were broadcast by the Serbian state-run news agency , Tanjug .	His remarks were broadcast by the Serbian state-run news agency , Tanjug .	det_poss:the:his	5998
So , in essence , Belichick went right ahead with the video spying .	So , in essence , Belichick went right ahead with his video spying .	det_poss:the:his	5999
He was also famous for the afternoon naps in Parliament .	He was also famous for his afternoon naps in Parliament .	det_poss:the:his	6000
The cellphone rang .	My cellphone rang .	det_poss:the:my	6001
Senators C Jason Spezza had two assists to increase the total to 10 .	Senators C Jason Spezza had two assists to increase his total to 10 .	det_poss:the:his	6002
But none has the mystique .	But none has her mystique .	det_poss:the:her	6003
I roll the eyes .	I roll my eyes .	det_poss:the:my	6004
The reply cannot be printed here .	My reply cannot be printed here .	det_poss:the:my	6005
I got the monkey off the back .	I got the monkey off my back .	det_poss:the:my	6006
I just kept the tactics all the way .	I just kept my tactics all the way .	det_poss:the:my	6007
The staff at the airport are working as hard as they can .	Our staff at the airport are working as hard as they can .	det_poss:the:our	6008
She now has the sights on China in 2008 .	She now has her sights on China in 2008 .	det_poss:the:her	6009
He became president of the neighborhood association .	He became president of his neighborhood association .	det_poss:the:his	6010
Another spacewalker cut the glove last December .	Another spacewalker cut his glove last December .	det_poss:the:his	6011
The wounds appeared to indicate he was shot at close range .	His wounds appeared to indicate he was shot at close range .	det_poss:the:his	6012
Until now the sympathies tended to lie with the British .	Until now my sympathies tended to lie with the British .	det_poss:the:my	6013
-- Many U.S. industries important to the sales are in recession .	-- Many U.S. industries important to our sales are in recession .	det_poss:the:our	6014
It was the way of saying goodbye .	It was his way of saying goodbye .	det_poss:the:his	6015
Earlier , Matsuzaka made a nice play with the glove .	Earlier , Matsuzaka made a nice play with his glove .	det_poss:the:his	6016
DeRose said the group is instead buying condoms to give away .	DeRose said his group is instead buying condoms to give away .	det_poss:the:his	6017
The players , however , seem far more adventuresome .	His players , however , seem far more adventuresome .	det_poss:the:his	6018
If the deal materializes , will Musharraf control the Army ?	If your deal materializes , will Musharraf control the Army ?	det_poss:the:your	6019
He assured Judge Brennan that the client would abide by any bail restrictions .	He assured Judge Brennan that his client would abide by any bail restrictions .	det_poss:the:his	6020
And the chauffeur got $ 100,000 .	And her chauffeur got $ 100,000 .	det_poss:the:her	6021
The injuries were so severe she needed five operations .	Her injuries were so severe she needed five operations .	det_poss:the:her	6022
World Wrestling Entertainment brought the back at age 76 .	World Wrestling Entertainment brought her back at age 76 .	det_poss:the:her	6023
I am going to do the job for this team .	I am going to do my job for this team .	det_poss:the:my	6024
" The eyes were as big as grapefruits , " he said .	" My eyes were as big as grapefruits , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	6025
Bush on Thursday defended the decision of the EPA administrator .	Bush on Thursday defended the decision of his EPA administrator .	det_poss:the:his	6026
The fashion designs became a cornerstone of career women 's wardrobes .	Her fashion designs became a cornerstone of career women 's wardrobes .	det_poss:the:her	6027
The celebrations are sandwiched between milking sessions .	His celebrations are sandwiched between milking sessions .	det_poss:the:his	6028
Today , the drive will take roughly twice that .	Today , his drive will take roughly twice that .	det_poss:the:his	6029
I also know that I am 27 and that the career is short .	I also know that I am 27 and that your career is short .	det_poss:the:your	6030
In the view , the dissident is merely attempting to distract you .	In our view , the dissident is merely attempting to distract you .	det_poss:the:our	6031
I have no idea of the life the reader had with her mother .	I have no idea of the life our reader had with her mother .	det_poss:the:our	6032
" It was killing me and the family , " he said .	" It was killing me and my family , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	6033
As I listened to the presentation , I wondered why .	As I listened to his presentation , I wondered why .	det_poss:the:his	6034
The girl to the right shrieked .	The girl to her right shrieked .	det_poss:the:her	6035
Among the belongings was a collection of Playboy magazines .	Among his belongings was a collection of Playboy magazines .	det_poss:the:his	6036
" It was the fault , " the principal says .	" It was my fault , " the principal says .	det_poss:the:my	6037
The basket made it 78-76 with under 1 minute left .	His basket made it 78-76 with under 1 minute left .	det_poss:the:his	6038
You have to get the game together the best you can .	You have to get your game together the best you can .	det_poss:the:your	6039
The relatives say the painting was among the loot .	Her relatives say the painting was among the loot .	det_poss:the:her	6040
" We saved the honor , " Walesa said on TVN24 television .	" We saved our honor , " Walesa said on TVN24 television .	det_poss:the:our	6041
We have not taken the eye off the ball .	We have not taken our eye off the ball .	det_poss:the:our	6042
Supporting the elbow , she helped me back up the stairs .	Supporting my elbow , she helped me back up the stairs .	det_poss:the:my	6043
I do not know , the voice was just so powerful .	I do not know , his voice was just so powerful .	det_poss:the:his	6044
Assistant coach Kevin O 'Neill will assume Olson 's duties in the absence .	Assistant coach Kevin O 'Neill will assume Olson 's duties in his absence .	det_poss:the:his	6045
I think I have got something to offer Simon and the club .	I think I have got something to offer Simon and his club .	det_poss:the:his	6046
" There are 150 people in the Zip code , " he says .	" There are 150 people in our Zip code , " he says .	det_poss:the:our	6047
You do not care if you 've overspent the credit cards or not .	You do not care if you 've overspent your credit cards or not .	det_poss:the:your	6048
During the visit Father Fernandes is being offered support by the local community .	During his visit Father Fernandes is being offered support by the local community .	det_poss:the:his	6049
The cause was a heart attack , the grandson Jacob Remes said .	The cause was a heart attack , his grandson Jacob Remes said .	det_poss:the:his	6050
I once asked the friend Barron Thomas , a businessman .	I once asked my friend Barron Thomas , a businessman .	det_poss:the:my	6051
We do not have that in the country .	We do not have that in our country .	det_poss:the:our	6052
In it , she calls George Hyatte the love of the life .	In it , she calls George Hyatte the love of her life .	det_poss:the:her	6053
Williams ended any hope of a comeback with the late-game shooting .	Williams ended any hope of a comeback with his late-game shooting .	det_poss:the:his	6054
Where has the spirit of endeavor gone ?	Where has our spirit of endeavor gone ?	det_poss:the:our	6055
And he said the name identification helps him in a general-election match-up .	And he said his name identification helps him in a general-election match-up .	det_poss:the:his	6056
His mother recognized the son by his long dark eyelashes .	His mother recognized her son by his long dark eyelashes .	det_poss:the:her	6057
It is not the bimbo-ization of the culture by Brittany and Paris .	It is not the bimbo-ization of our culture by Brittany and Paris .	det_poss:the:our	6058
The religion would never allow this .	Our religion would never allow this .	det_poss:the:our	6059
Michael Grassie , 42 , spoke at MetroHealth Medical Center before the discharge .	Michael Grassie , 42 , spoke at MetroHealth Medical Center before his discharge .	det_poss:the:his	6060
The breasts and colon may get protection from this vitamin / mineral combo .	Your breasts and colon may get protection from this vitamin / mineral combo .	det_poss:the:your	6061
Clinton responded quickly , saying Edwards had misstated the position .	Clinton responded quickly , saying Edwards had misstated her position .	det_poss:the:her	6062
A freshman teacher steps outside the classroom and beckons him .	A freshman teacher steps outside her classroom and beckons him .	det_poss:the:her	6063
The players enjoy going down and playing in Baton Rouge .	Our players enjoy going down and playing in Baton Rouge .	det_poss:the:our	6064
The back is always a cause for concern .	His back is always a cause for concern .	det_poss:the:his	6065
Do you not encourage , in the students , keeping distinctions clear ?	Do you not encourage , in your students , keeping distinctions clear ?	det_poss:the:your	6066
'I think it was The Fair Lady , ma 'am .	'I think it was My Fair Lady , ma 'am .	det_poss:the:my	6067
But it was not just gas in the tank .	But it was not just gas in his tank .	det_poss:the:his	6068
He threw the football in the direction and she moved away .	He threw the football in her direction and she moved away .	det_poss:the:her	6069
He is sure that the son is still alive .	He is sure that his son is still alive .	det_poss:the:his	6070
Ray Whitney had two assists , extending the point streak to 10 games .	Ray Whitney had two assists , extending his point streak to 10 games .	det_poss:the:his	6071
The family loved me and always remembered .	My family loved me and always remembered .	det_poss:the:my	6072
After the victory Firefighter Kirrane was hoisted into the air .	After his victory Firefighter Kirrane was hoisted into the air .	det_poss:the:his	6073
HOST : What is the country 's No. 1 foreign policy agenda ?	HOST : What is your country 's No. 1 foreign policy agenda ?	det_poss:the:your	6074
Fairplay landed on the face .	Fairplay landed on his face .	det_poss:the:his	6075
Tiredness and stress are the ailments of the age .	Tiredness and stress are the ailments of our age .	det_poss:the:our	6076
The move cost Busch the spot with the elite four-car team .	The move cost Busch his spot with the elite four-car team .	det_poss:the:his	6077
Les Moonves is OK in the book just for doing that .	Les Moonves is OK in my book just for doing that .	det_poss:the:my	6078
By submitting the resignation , he could claim to have high ethical standards .	By submitting his resignation , he could claim to have high ethical standards .	det_poss:the:his	6079
And the girlfriend in question breaks the silence , coming up .	And the girlfriend in question breaks her silence , coming up .	det_poss:the:her	6080
She struggled to wave the arms to get drivers ' attention .	She struggled to wave her arms to get drivers ' attention .	det_poss:the:her	6081
Latin American film fans ask , Where are the movies ?	Latin American film fans ask , Where are our movies ?	det_poss:the:our	6082
It is going to take him time to get the rhythm back .	It is going to take him time to get his rhythm back .	det_poss:the:his	6083
I mean , seriously , lack of hair is not the problem .	I mean , seriously , lack of hair is not my problem .	det_poss:the:my	6084
For the first time , there are enough votes to override the veto .	For the first time , there are enough votes to override his veto .	det_poss:the:his	6085
t Put The Arms Up To Celebrate , Couldn ?	t Put My Arms Up To Celebrate , Couldn ?	det_poss:the:my	6086
You might have remembered that 50 years ago , the world changed .	You might have remembered that 50 years ago , your world changed .	det_poss:the:your	6087
Roddick won 16 of 18 points on the serve in the set .	Roddick won 16 of 18 points on his serve in the set .	det_poss:the:his	6088
On a large screen was the computer graphic-generated 3-D world of the avatar .	On a large screen was the computer graphic-generated 3-D world of his avatar .	det_poss:the:his	6089
Temporarily disillusioned about the work , he accepted .	Temporarily disillusioned about his work , he accepted .	det_poss:the:his	6090
Diana described Camilla as the third person in the marriage to Prince Charles .	Diana described Camilla as the third person in her marriage to Prince Charles .	det_poss:the:her	6091
Always apply for the passport early .	Always apply for your passport early .	det_poss:the:your	6092
Almost every night , he sneaks out for the fix .	Almost every night , he sneaks out for his fix .	det_poss:the:his	6093
But Madrazo could not leave the reputation for shady dealings in the dust .	But Madrazo could not leave his reputation for shady dealings in the dust .	det_poss:the:his	6094
Wash the children 's hands and playthings often .	Wash your children 's hands and playthings often .	det_poss:the:your	6095
Giuliani has insisted the family relationships are private .	Giuliani has insisted his family relationships are private .	det_poss:the:his	6096
He did not appear to reap financial gains from the claims .	He did not appear to reap financial gains from his claims .	det_poss:the:his	6097
He said he needed the money to support the family .	He said he needed the money to support his family .	det_poss:the:his	6098
And the people called us .	And her people called us .	det_poss:the:her	6099
Send us the account and / or pictures using the form below .	Send us your account and / or pictures using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	6100
Even Simpson had trouble explaining the breakout .	Even Simpson had trouble explaining his breakout .	det_poss:the:his	6101
Officers found a 20-year-old man with a serious stab wound to the stomach .	Officers found a 20-year-old man with a serious stab wound to his stomach .	det_poss:the:his	6102
Many of the teachers were stunningly brilliant .	Many of my teachers were stunningly brilliant .	det_poss:the:my	6103
But the career has been tarnished by doping allegations since then .	But her career has been tarnished by doping allegations since then .	det_poss:the:her	6104
This psychosis was the scariest aspect of the depression .	This psychosis was the scariest aspect of my depression .	det_poss:the:my	6105
He took the blame for the government 's defeat .	He took the blame for his government 's defeat .	det_poss:the:his	6106
Now he wants to bring the product to the world .	Now he wants to bring his product to the world .	det_poss:the:his	6107
Davydenko said during the exchange , Dercq asked him about the condition .	Davydenko said during the exchange , Dercq asked him about his condition .	det_poss:the:his	6108
This is the country !	This is our country !	det_poss:the:our	6109
Lynn spent school holidays visiting the grandparents there .	Lynn spent school holidays visiting her grandparents there .	det_poss:the:her	6110
Fifty ways to leave the ball club - with apologies to Paul Simon .	Fifty ways to leave your ball club - with apologies to Paul Simon .	det_poss:the:your	6111
You 're worried about knocking heads again , so it limits the strategy .	You 're worried about knocking heads again , so it limits your strategy .	det_poss:the:your	6112
Forward-looking statements represent the management 's judgment regarding future events .	Forward-looking statements represent our management 's judgment regarding future events .	det_poss:the:our	6113
The politics have remained fairly liberal .	His politics have remained fairly liberal .	det_poss:the:his	6114
How will you water the rooftop garden ?	How will you water your rooftop garden ?	det_poss:the:your	6115
At the grandmother 's urging , Foxx started studying piano at age 5 .	At his grandmother 's urging , Foxx started studying piano at age 5 .	det_poss:the:his	6116
Moya rolled on the back and hopped up , arms raised .	Moya rolled on his back and hopped up , arms raised .	det_poss:the:his	6117
The young doctor reviewed the child 's history with the grandmother .	The young doctor reviewed the child 's history with her grandmother .	det_poss:the:her	6118
The Queen steered clear of mentioning the reputation .	The Queen steered clear of mentioning his reputation .	det_poss:the:his	6119
The No. 1 focus is those children and my stepson .	My No. 1 focus is those children and my stepson .	det_poss:the:my	6120
General Caldwell , thank you for the service .	General Caldwell , thank you for your service .	det_poss:the:your	6121
A good place to start the project .	A good place to start your project .	det_poss:the:your	6122
Finnigan and the attorney , Michael Ficaro , declined to comment .	Finnigan and his attorney , Michael Ficaro , declined to comment .	det_poss:the:his	6123
This would delay the retirement date .	This would delay his retirement date .	det_poss:the:his	6124
Ms. Voigt later had surgery to help reduce the weight .	Ms. Voigt later had surgery to help reduce her weight .	det_poss:the:her	6125
The emotion was palpable .	His emotion was palpable .	det_poss:the:his	6126
Major lines us up against wall and takes the pictures .	Major lines us up against wall and takes our pictures .	det_poss:the:our	6127
It is about building the future and grasping some amazing opportunities .	It is about building our future and grasping some amazing opportunities .	det_poss:the:our	6128
The grandfather worked for a newspaper in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .	His grandfather worked for a newspaper in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .	det_poss:the:his	6129
As payment , he offered the stepfather 's pickup .	As payment , he offered his stepfather 's pickup .	det_poss:the:his	6130
But Mr Ferguson this morning fended off suggestions the future was in doubt .	But Mr Ferguson this morning fended off suggestions his future was in doubt .	det_poss:the:his	6131
The story represents the oldest fable : the victory of good over evil .	Her story represents the oldest fable : the victory of good over evil .	det_poss:the:her	6132
That day , he swore , put an end to the drug dealing .	That day , he swore , put an end to his drug dealing .	det_poss:the:his	6133
Levy is under federal investigation for embellishing the Army service in Vietnam .	Levy is under federal investigation for embellishing his Army service in Vietnam .	det_poss:the:his	6134
Anyone visiting the house could swipe them .	Anyone visiting your house could swipe them .	det_poss:the:your	6135
Just the simple act of living with them heightens the risk .	Just the simple act of living with them heightens your risk .	det_poss:the:your	6136
Dhoni said the team was delighted to prove critics wrong .	Dhoni said his team was delighted to prove critics wrong .	det_poss:the:his	6137
The son was a big whiner in the car seat .	My son was a big whiner in the car seat .	det_poss:the:my	6138
The spirits soar when we walk into a room that has color .	Our spirits soar when we walk into a room that has color .	det_poss:the:our	6139
Later , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi fired the comments directly at Bush .	Later , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi fired her comments directly at Bush .	det_poss:the:her	6140
What are the relations .	What are your relations .	det_poss:the:your	6141
It may have been picked up late because of the obesity .	It may have been picked up late because of his obesity .	det_poss:the:his	6142
The throw arrived right as Hinske did .	His throw arrived right as Hinske did .	det_poss:the:his	6143
" " I have bet the career on it .	" " I have bet my career on it .	det_poss:the:my	6144
Every fight goes towards the retirement fund .	Every fight goes towards my retirement fund .	det_poss:the:my	6145
We embrace the bizarre - like the cousin Earl the Elvis impersonator .	We embrace the bizarre - like my cousin Earl the Elvis impersonator .	det_poss:the:my	6146
They got taken I own the house , bought and paid for .	They got taken I own my house , bought and paid for .	det_poss:the:my	6147
" The mate 's died and it is wrong , " he said .	" My mate 's died and it is wrong , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	6148
Let us know the thoughts on 606 or text 81111 .	Let us know your thoughts on 606 or text 81111 .	det_poss:the:your	6149
In the 40-year-career , Pietsch had never seen an albino fish .	In his 40-year-career , Pietsch had never seen an albino fish .	det_poss:the:his	6150
The 9-foot-long mother and the calf were euthanized by researchers .	The 9-foot-long mother and her calf were euthanized by researchers .	det_poss:the:her	6151
It has caused a lot of pain in the heart .	It has caused a lot of pain in my heart .	det_poss:the:my	6152
The timing has proved unexpectedly felicitous .	His timing has proved unexpectedly felicitous .	det_poss:the:his	6153
I was lucky to be alive , that is what the doctor said .	I was lucky to be alive , that is what my doctor said .	det_poss:the:my	6154
On a personal note , in the youth , I attended segregated schools .	On a personal note , in my youth , I attended segregated schools .	det_poss:the:my	6155
Rotenberg would take the child off the medicines .	Rotenberg would take her child off the medicines .	det_poss:the:her	6156
Pressed for more specifics , the campaign offered few details yesterday .	Pressed for more specifics , his campaign offered few details yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	6157
Mr. Clinton 's words carry weight , even if the bias is obvious .	Mr. Clinton 's words carry weight , even if his bias is obvious .	det_poss:the:his	6158
These are the symbols .	These are his symbols .	det_poss:the:his	6159
The report on the solar system for science class is due -- tomorrow !	Your report on the solar system for science class is due -- tomorrow !	det_poss:the:your	6160
First , Imus made the remarks publicly .	First , Imus made his remarks publicly .	det_poss:the:his	6161
He is determined to fix that before he considers the work complete .	He is determined to fix that before he considers his work complete .	det_poss:the:his	6162
Did someone else hook up a computer to the Internet connection ?	Did someone else hook up a computer to her Internet connection ?	det_poss:the:her	6163
I was picking the way across the battlefield .	I was picking my way across the battlefield .	det_poss:the:my	6164
In fact , the children are usually an icebreaker .	In fact , his children are usually an icebreaker .	det_poss:the:his	6165
And thank you for the service .	And thank you for your service .	det_poss:the:your	6166
Mr. Gehry has had to address problems with the buildings before .	Mr. Gehry has had to address problems with his buildings before .	det_poss:the:his	6167
I love Arsenal , the club , the fans , the teammates .	I love Arsenal , the club , the fans , my teammates .	det_poss:the:my	6168
I want to ask the darling girlfriend Emma J to marry me .	I want to ask my darling girlfriend Emma J to marry me .	det_poss:the:my	6169
It is , how do you say , that is the style .	It is , how do you say , that is my style .	det_poss:the:my	6170
But I know those are the strengths .	But I know those are my strengths .	det_poss:the:my	6171
Mr. Gibney persuaded a half-dozen guards and interrogators to appear in the documentary .	Mr. Gibney persuaded a half-dozen guards and interrogators to appear in his documentary .	det_poss:the:his	6172
As she hit the far curb , she picked up the pace .	As she hit the far curb , she picked up her pace .	det_poss:the:her	6173
That cleans the plate for today .	That cleans our plate for today .	det_poss:the:our	6174
The debate over the subject led to a communications officer leaving the job .	The debate over the subject led to a communications officer leaving his job .	det_poss:the:his	6175
" She participates well when called up , " the teacher wrote .	" She participates well when called up , " her teacher wrote .	det_poss:the:her	6176
Every measure of the business has grown because of him .	Every measure of our business has grown because of him .	det_poss:the:our	6177
He stuck the tongue out .	He stuck his tongue out .	det_poss:the:his	6178
The garrulous and easygoing Wetterich is a favorite of the colleagues .	The garrulous and easygoing Wetterich is a favorite of his colleagues .	det_poss:the:his	6179
" The staff has accepted me as family , " she said .	" My staff has accepted me as family , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	6180
That is what the party needs .	That is what our party needs .	det_poss:the:our	6181
What shape is the poop ?	What shape is your poop ?	det_poss:the:your	6182
Then I heard the soft patter of feet sneaking the way .	Then I heard the soft patter of feet sneaking my way .	det_poss:the:my	6183
He stretched the fist out , then pulled it back .	He stretched his fist out , then pulled it back .	det_poss:the:his	6184
I grasped the hand .	I grasped his hand .	det_poss:the:his	6185
Giese does not dwell on the past .	Giese does not dwell on her past .	det_poss:the:her	6186
Wilkes has steadfastly maintained the innocence since being charged in February .	Wilkes has steadfastly maintained his innocence since being charged in February .	det_poss:the:his	6187
' " The identity was not immediately released .	' " Her identity was not immediately released .	det_poss:the:her	6188
Still , the decision was not an easy one .	Still , her decision was not an easy one .	det_poss:the:her	6189
Basically , a security freeze puts the credit into a kind of lockdown .	Basically , a security freeze puts your credit into a kind of lockdown .	det_poss:the:your	6190
Put shoes inside those plastic bags that the newspapers are delivered in .	Put shoes inside those plastic bags that your newspapers are delivered in .	det_poss:the:your	6191
The team said the return was questionable .	The team said his return was questionable .	det_poss:the:his	6192
The recreation of fur and feathers is second to none .	Our recreation of fur and feathers is second to none .	det_poss:the:our	6193
There was one indiscretion , in particular , that caught the attention .	There was one indiscretion , in particular , that caught my attention .	det_poss:the:my	6194
He is going to finish the M.B.A. in the spring .	He is going to finish his M.B.A. in the spring .	det_poss:the:his	6195
One board member is the father-in-law , according to filings .	One board member is his father-in-law , according to filings .	det_poss:the:his	6196
And so had the driver .	And so had my driver .	det_poss:the:my	6197
Kovalchuk added two assists to the goals .	Kovalchuk added two assists to his goals .	det_poss:the:his	6198
It was how to use the buildings in the best possible way .	It was how to use our buildings in the best possible way .	det_poss:the:our	6199
It is symmetry or irony , depending on the perspective .	It is symmetry or irony , depending on your perspective .	det_poss:the:your	6200
The comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .	Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .	det_poss:the:your	6201
We need to express ourselves and play to the potential .	We need to express ourselves and play to our potential .	det_poss:the:our	6202
The citizens are becoming more worldly , in a positive way .	Our citizens are becoming more worldly , in a positive way .	det_poss:the:our	6203
He was caught following a review into the claim to continue receiving benefits .	He was caught following a review into his claim to continue receiving benefits .	det_poss:the:his	6204
Since the spades are ragged , you mustn 't bid four spades .	Since your spades are ragged , you mustn 't bid four spades .	det_poss:the:your	6205
He was the strength .	He was my strength .	det_poss:the:my	6206
The accent is not just sounds that come out of your mouth .	Your accent is not just sounds that come out of your mouth .	det_poss:the:your	6207
Q : I need the help .	Q : I need your help .	det_poss:the:your	6208
We would like to thank the shareholders for their continued support .	We would like to thank our shareholders for their continued support .	det_poss:the:our	6209
The business is now run by the daughter , Caroline .	The business is now run by his daughter , Caroline .	det_poss:the:his	6210
Remember that the agent , Scott Boras , is the black-belt negotiator .	Remember that his agent , Scott Boras , is the black-belt negotiator .	det_poss:the:his	6211
Vick and the co-defendants also face state felony charges .	Vick and his co-defendants also face state felony charges .	det_poss:the:his	6212
Urroz declined to talk about Villegas or the relationship to Fox .	Urroz declined to talk about Villegas or his relationship to Fox .	det_poss:the:his	6213
We need to show a bit more belief in the ability .	We need to show a bit more belief in our ability .	det_poss:the:our	6214
It comes up in the dialogue between the campaigns .	It comes up in the dialogue between your campaigns .	det_poss:the:your	6215
Me , I knew that the journey would be ending quite soon .	Me , I knew that my journey would be ending quite soon .	det_poss:the:my	6216
Browse the web , do the e-mail ?	Browse the web , do your e-mail ?	det_poss:the:your	6217
As the strapline says -- listen and you 'll see .	As our strapline says -- listen and you 'll see .	det_poss:the:our	6218
A. Of course we do , and so do the competitors .	A. Of course we do , and so do our competitors .	det_poss:the:our	6219
The woman spoke but I could not understand the words .	The woman spoke but I could not understand her words .	det_poss:the:her	6220
And this is the reason for the announcement .	And this is the reason for my announcement .	det_poss:the:my	6221
, where he defended the record on abortion .	, where he defended his record on abortion .	det_poss:the:his	6222
So what was the percentage last September ?	So what was his percentage last September ?	det_poss:the:his	6223
Huckabee pointed to the experience as governor dealing with issues like long-term care .	Huckabee pointed to his experience as governor dealing with issues like long-term care .	det_poss:the:his	6224
The vet shakes the head angrily .	The vet shakes his head angrily .	det_poss:the:his	6225
The defence described the poetry as being in the tradition of Wilfred Owen .	The defence described her poetry as being in the tradition of Wilfred Owen .	det_poss:the:her	6226
What is the crime ?	What is our crime ?	det_poss:the:our	6227
It restored an employment tribunal 's decision that found in the favour .	It restored an employment tribunal 's decision that found in his favour .	det_poss:the:his	6228
The hip bothered her , so she let Radcliffe go ahead .	Her hip bothered her , so she let Radcliffe go ahead .	det_poss:the:her	6229
Cheney does not necessarily have the history wrong .	Cheney does not necessarily have his history wrong .	det_poss:the:his	6230
For the money , it is an exceptionally fine piece of legislation .	For my money , it is an exceptionally fine piece of legislation .	det_poss:the:my	6231
That is the opinion .	That is my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	6232
France coach Bernard Laporte has delayed naming the side until Wednesday .	France coach Bernard Laporte has delayed naming his side until Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	6233
The audience greeted him with polite applause on Monday .	His audience greeted him with polite applause on Monday .	det_poss:the:his	6234
I was not heard in the family .	I was not heard in my family .	det_poss:the:my	6235
Bethany Bowen collapsed during the keyhole procedure meant to cure the anaemia .	Bethany Bowen collapsed during the keyhole procedure meant to cure her anaemia .	det_poss:the:her	6236
The mainstream rock bands the Fray and All-American Rejects are among the favorites .	The mainstream rock bands the Fray and All-American Rejects are among his favorites .	det_poss:the:his	6237
-- You find yourself " justifying " the purchases more often than not .	-- You find yourself " justifying " your purchases more often than not .	det_poss:the:your	6238
For once , he needed to shoot the way into the record books .	For once , he needed to shoot his way into the record books .	det_poss:the:his	6239
Bucs RB Carnell Williams hurt the ribs and left in the second half .	Bucs RB Carnell Williams hurt his ribs and left in the second half .	det_poss:the:his	6240
Since then , calls had been mounting demanding the resignation .	Since then , calls had been mounting demanding his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	6241
They are among the hundreds who 've received the advice and friendship .	They are among the hundreds who 've received his advice and friendship .	det_poss:the:his	6242
Use every available inch of space when developing the closet design .	Use every available inch of space when developing your closet design .	det_poss:the:your	6243
We knock on the windows to get the attention .	We knock on the windows to get her attention .	det_poss:the:her	6244
You 'll then need to hire an estate lawyer to review the work .	You 'll then need to hire an estate lawyer to review your work .	det_poss:the:your	6245
He drove away in the truck to look for the dogs .	He drove away in his truck to look for the dogs .	det_poss:the:his	6246
The colleagues still check in by instant message and e-mail .	My colleagues still check in by instant message and e-mail .	det_poss:the:my	6247
Nor would the sheik receive the pistol .	Nor would the sheik receive his pistol .	det_poss:the:his	6248
A woman had been laid next to a child , presumably the daughter .	A woman had been laid next to a child , presumably her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	6249
Will You and The TV Be Left in the Dark ?	Will You and Your TV Be Left in the Dark ?	det_poss:the:your	6250
In the end , though , it was Sedaka who stole the show .	In the end , though , it was Sedaka who stole his show .	det_poss:the:his	6251
The next week , she had three offers and the home was sold .	The next week , she had three offers and her home was sold .	det_poss:the:her	6252
Or add triathlon components to the cardio routine .	Or add triathlon components to your cardio routine .	det_poss:the:your	6253
Instead , he took notes and whispered to the lawyer .	Instead , he took notes and whispered to his lawyer .	det_poss:the:his	6254
TASLIMA : Somebody came and told us to flee the home .	TASLIMA : Somebody came and told us to flee our home .	det_poss:the:our	6255
Much to the joy , she found the missing glove there .	Much to her joy , she found the missing glove there .	det_poss:the:her	6256
The cause was complications after a stroke , the family announced .	The cause was complications after a stroke , his family announced .	det_poss:the:his	6257
The challenge is to finish above those two .	Our challenge is to finish above those two .	det_poss:the:our	6258
Ortiz defends the incentives as the only way to keep the city alive .	Ortiz defends the incentives as the only way to keep his city alive .	det_poss:the:his	6259
Prosecutors dropped those charges in exchange for the testimony .	Prosecutors dropped those charges in exchange for his testimony .	det_poss:the:his	6260
The disappearance triggered a frantic search .	Her disappearance triggered a frantic search .	det_poss:the:her	6261
This quarter , we saw the strategy bear fruit via improved results .	This quarter , we saw our strategy bear fruit via improved results .	det_poss:the:our	6262
They were standard use items in the childhood .	They were standard use items in my childhood .	det_poss:the:my	6263
He also ordered Collins to forfeit the Vauxhall car .	He also ordered Collins to forfeit his Vauxhall car .	det_poss:the:his	6264
We have lived in the property for more than 20 years .	We have lived in our property for more than 20 years .	det_poss:the:our	6265
It would be the pinnacle of the career .	It would be the pinnacle of his career .	det_poss:the:his	6266
Briere extended the point streak to seven games .	Briere extended his point streak to seven games .	det_poss:the:his	6267
For example , unwholesome goo accumulates in the cells .	For example , unwholesome goo accumulates in our cells .	det_poss:the:our	6268
Please allow Miss Manners to rearrange the office for you .	Please allow Miss Manners to rearrange your office for you .	det_poss:the:your	6269
The army is in crisis .	Our army is in crisis .	det_poss:the:our	6270
Denver started Jelani McCoy in the place .	Denver started Jelani McCoy in his place .	det_poss:the:his	6271
I am going to move the girls to Princeton next week .	I am going to move my girls to Princeton next week .	det_poss:the:my	6272
All along , the attendance has been singularly consistent .	All along , her attendance has been singularly consistent .	det_poss:the:her	6273
( Now ) the people are expecting them to attack again .	( Now ) our people are expecting them to attack again .	det_poss:the:our	6274
Instead , the 10-year-old bichon frise dog used the nose .	Instead , the 10-year-old bichon frise dog used his nose .	det_poss:the:his	6275
Clinton has earned the trust .	Clinton has earned her trust .	det_poss:the:her	6276
Robinson had £ 570 in the possession .	Robinson had £ 570 in her possession .	det_poss:the:her	6277
It did require me to install some software on the PC .	It did require me to install some software on my PC .	det_poss:the:my	6278
Scientists regard the research as unique and astounding for its time .	Scientists regard his research as unique and astounding for its time .	det_poss:the:his	6279
" Shorten the skirts , " she commands .	" Shorten your skirts , " she commands .	det_poss:the:your	6280
She hands him a 10-dollar bill when he shakes the head no .	She hands him a 10-dollar bill when he shakes his head no .	det_poss:the:his	6281
Sometimes you are requested to show the permit to take pictures .	Sometimes you are requested to show your permit to take pictures .	det_poss:the:your	6282
Ratatouille is about a food-loving rat misunderstood by the garbage-gorging dad .	Ratatouille is about a food-loving rat misunderstood by his garbage-gorging dad .	det_poss:the:his	6283
A re-investigation of the murder continues .	A re-investigation of his murder continues .	det_poss:the:his	6284
One resident said the area outside the door seemed smoky and waterlogged .	One resident said the area outside her door seemed smoky and waterlogged .	det_poss:the:her	6285
For so many reasons , it was the toughest year of the life .	For so many reasons , it was the toughest year of my life .	det_poss:the:my	6286
She and the Awami League party have denied the allegation .	She and her Awami League party have denied the allegation .	det_poss:the:her	6287
So will the kids when they grow up .	So will your kids when they grow up .	det_poss:the:your	6288
I 'll be adding them to the chip arsenal .	I 'll be adding them to my chip arsenal .	det_poss:the:my	6289
Kabul blast kills French soldier Can sunlight boost the libido ?	Kabul blast kills French soldier Can sunlight boost my libido ?	det_poss:the:my	6290
It stabilizes the children during the day .	It stabilizes your children during the day .	det_poss:the:your	6291
The arms are extended , as if he is flying .	His arms are extended , as if he is flying .	det_poss:the:his	6292
He threw nothing away , but showed the work little respect .	He threw nothing away , but showed his work little respect .	det_poss:the:his	6293
It is the personality ; it is what you do with it .	It is your personality ; it is what you do with it .	det_poss:the:your	6294
Some of Bush 's fellow Republicans have also voiced doubts over the strategy .	Some of Bush 's fellow Republicans have also voiced doubts over his strategy .	det_poss:the:his	6295
Romney faces no great personal risk in supporting the candidacy .	Romney faces no great personal risk in supporting his candidacy .	det_poss:the:his	6296
The specialty , however , is weaves .	Her specialty , however , is weaves .	det_poss:the:her	6297
This can be a windfall when there are special events in the area .	This can be a windfall when there are special events in your area .	det_poss:the:your	6298
Christian Bale plays Batman , with Michael Caine as the butler .	Christian Bale plays Batman , with Michael Caine as his butler .	det_poss:the:his	6299
" " What is the point ?	" " What is your point ?	det_poss:the:your	6300
Pettersen holed a wedge shot for the eagle on the 13th .	Pettersen holed a wedge shot for her eagle on the 13th .	det_poss:the:her	6301
Violet also seems to care deeply for the patients .	Violet also seems to care deeply for her patients .	det_poss:the:her	6302
The head of the Coast Guard defended the agency 's response .	The head of the Coast Guard defended his agency 's response .	det_poss:the:his	6303
He dressed like a coachman and the conversation was rarely fluent .	He dressed like a coachman and his conversation was rarely fluent .	det_poss:the:his	6304
There are many things that are good about the prisons .	There are many things that are good about our prisons .	det_poss:the:our	6305
Don 't hold the breath .	Don 't hold your breath .	det_poss:the:your	6306
King Juan Carlos expressed the sadness at Vilallonga 's death .	King Juan Carlos expressed his sadness at Vilallonga 's death .	det_poss:the:his	6307
11 walked into the Millenium Hilton and asked for the radio .	11 walked into the Millenium Hilton and asked for his radio .	det_poss:the:his	6308
" The momentum is now on the side , " Bush said .	" The momentum is now on our side , " Bush said .	det_poss:the:our	6309
Many of the clients do it for a bevy of other reasons .	Many of his clients do it for a bevy of other reasons .	det_poss:the:his	6310
It is against the nature to walk away from a search .	It is against our nature to walk away from a search .	det_poss:the:our	6311
The picture should be in the dictionary next to it .	His picture should be in the dictionary next to it .	det_poss:the:his	6312
But with the death , Che the enduring legend was born .	But with his death , Che the enduring legend was born .	det_poss:the:his	6313
We could not hold back the tears .	We could not hold back our tears .	det_poss:the:our	6314
We might as well do it at the wedding .	We might as well do it at our wedding .	det_poss:the:our	6315
A grenade struck the Humvee in Baghdad .	A grenade struck his Humvee in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	6316
Figure out what you want from the vacation .	Figure out what you want from your vacation .	det_poss:the:your	6317
After police surrounded the school building , Auvinen turned the weapon on himself .	After police surrounded the school building , Auvinen turned his weapon on himself .	det_poss:the:his	6318
Shortly after she stopped screaming , an officer found the unconscious .	Shortly after she stopped screaming , an officer found her unconscious .	det_poss:the:her	6319
Tom Harkin 's Iowa Steak Fry We are not talking about the Amy .	Tom Harkin 's Iowa Steak Fry We are not talking about my Amy .	det_poss:the:my	6320
So the administration is reviewing options to address wasteful earmark spending .	So my administration is reviewing options to address wasteful earmark spending .	det_poss:the:my	6321
The release angered Mr. Tirado 's friends and relatives .	His release angered Mr. Tirado 's friends and relatives .	det_poss:the:his	6322
Will this be taken into consideration in part of the peace plan ?	Will this be taken into consideration in part of your peace plan ?	det_poss:the:your	6323
Jimmy Carter staked the career on it .	Jimmy Carter staked his career on it .	det_poss:the:his	6324
That is the goal every time .	That is my goal every time .	det_poss:the:my	6325
Vick is expected to learn the date of the state trial on Wednesday .	Vick is expected to learn the date of his state trial on Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	6326
Sara Mourad , a 20-year-old student , stood under the umbrella .	Sara Mourad , a 20-year-old student , stood under her umbrella .	det_poss:the:her	6327
Perhaps Hurdle actually defined the team 's problem , not its solution .	Perhaps Hurdle actually defined his team 's problem , not its solution .	det_poss:the:his	6328
She could not hide the disappointment in the interview .	She could not hide her disappointment in the interview .	det_poss:the:her	6329
But the age should help him sometimes there .	But his age should help him sometimes there .	det_poss:the:his	6330
It is sad how people ... how cruel the world can be .	It is sad how people ... how cruel our world can be .	det_poss:the:our	6331
Strong believes the daughter was abducted last summer from a Florida beach .	Strong believes her daughter was abducted last summer from a Florida beach .	det_poss:the:her	6332
I knew the car could hit 60 miles an hour in first gear .	I knew my car could hit 60 miles an hour in first gear .	det_poss:the:my	6333
He bailed out the boyfriend a few months later .	He bailed out her boyfriend a few months later .	det_poss:the:her	6334
And as artists , it is the job to articulate that loss .	And as artists , it is our job to articulate that loss .	det_poss:the:our	6335
Where is the body ?	Where is my body ?	det_poss:the:my	6336
If you do not know the cholesterol level , find out .	If you do not know your cholesterol level , find out .	det_poss:the:your	6337
" The customers were always so pleased , " his mother told me .	" His customers were always so pleased , " his mother told me .	det_poss:the:his	6338
The image is still on bank notes in Israel .	His image is still on bank notes in Israel .	det_poss:the:his	6339
I do not want to get into feuds with girls half the age .	I do not want to get into feuds with girls half my age .	det_poss:the:my	6340
The attorney did not respond to messages left by The Associated Press .	His attorney did not respond to messages left by The Associated Press .	det_poss:the:his	6341
I still remember how fondly he played with the grandchildren .	I still remember how fondly he played with his grandchildren .	det_poss:the:his	6342
He pointed to the tattoo on the wrist .	He pointed to the tattoo on his wrist .	det_poss:the:his	6343
Share the views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	det_poss:the:your	6344
I have to take the pulse .	I have to take his pulse .	det_poss:the:his	6345
Consumers aren 't going to just take the stuff .	Consumers aren 't going to just take your stuff .	det_poss:the:your	6346
So the visit today is not new to the Chinese leadership .	So my visit today is not new to the Chinese leadership .	det_poss:the:my	6347
Viviana DeJesus , 2 ½ , is displaying toys for the visitors .	Viviana DeJesus , 2 ½ , is displaying toys for her visitors .	det_poss:the:her	6348
The impression was that he was blowing me off .	My impression was that he was blowing me off .	det_poss:the:my	6349
Mr Mugabe says the country 's economic hardships are down to Western sabotage .	Mr Mugabe says his country 's economic hardships are down to Western sabotage .	det_poss:the:his	6350
" He was breaking the heart , " she said .	" He was breaking his heart , " she said .	det_poss:the:his	6351
The 13-year-old boy appears much less supportive of the sixth-grade teacher .	The 13-year-old boy appears much less supportive of his sixth-grade teacher .	det_poss:the:his	6352
'No Lords' I decided to try the luck .	'No Lords' I decided to try my luck .	det_poss:the:my	6353
The perfect little suspender clip teeth stuck right into the forehead .	The perfect little suspender clip teeth stuck right into my forehead .	det_poss:the:my	6354
You 've eaten something , so the body is ready to fuel up .	You 've eaten something , so your body is ready to fuel up .	det_poss:the:your	6355
It certainly tipped the momentum in the favour .	It certainly tipped the momentum in our favour .	det_poss:the:our	6356
Chavez continued to interrupt as Zapatero spoke , although the microphone was off .	Chavez continued to interrupt as Zapatero spoke , although his microphone was off .	det_poss:the:his	6357
Doctors wanted to turn off the life support machine at one stage .	Doctors wanted to turn off his life support machine at one stage .	det_poss:the:his	6358
And when I visited MassMoCA , the sentiments curdled .	And when I visited MassMoCA , my sentiments curdled .	det_poss:the:my	6359
But it has hurt the family and friends .	But it has hurt my family and friends .	det_poss:the:my	6360
He is the perfect choice for the organization .	He is the perfect choice for our organization .	det_poss:the:our	6361
But she still had trouble with the daughter having blood drawn .	But she still had trouble with her daughter having blood drawn .	det_poss:the:her	6362
Wednesday , the marshals surrounded the house and knocked .	Wednesday , the marshals surrounded her house and knocked .	det_poss:the:her	6363
He allegedly used the office to help the company obtain the license .	He allegedly used his office to help the company obtain the license .	det_poss:the:his	6364
At best , the success has been middling .	At best , my success has been middling .	det_poss:the:my	6365
He acknowledged the resentment held by the teammates .	He acknowledged the resentment held by his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	6366
He simply wants to do whatever takes the interest .	He simply wants to do whatever takes his interest .	det_poss:the:his	6367
He offers the promotion .	He offers her promotion .	det_poss:the:her	6368
Somehow , Bowden and the staff did it .	Somehow , Bowden and his staff did it .	det_poss:the:his	6369
And that was the Welles .	And that was our Welles .	det_poss:the:our	6370
Ticketholders , Please Take The Seats .	Ticketholders , Please Take Your Seats .	det_poss:the:your	6371
A Bhutto aide said Friday the return would go ahead as planned .	A Bhutto aide said Friday her return would go ahead as planned .	det_poss:the:her	6372
Backs are the business .	Backs are her business .	det_poss:the:her	6373
That is the Charlie !	That is my Charlie !	det_poss:the:my	6374
The ministry eventually expanded to include a Mackinaw , Mich .	His ministry eventually expanded to include a Mackinaw , Mich .	det_poss:the:his	6375
The vote total ranks fifth overall .	His vote total ranks fifth overall .	det_poss:the:his	6376
Reagan would send you most of the material .	Reagan would send you most of his material .	det_poss:the:his	6377
Brady does a better job deflecting praise than opponents do deflecting the passes .	Brady does a better job deflecting praise than opponents do deflecting his passes .	det_poss:the:his	6378
At least that way , I 'll always look good for the age .	At least that way , I 'll always look good for my age .	det_poss:the:my	6379
I have had many hobbies throughout the life .	I have had many hobbies throughout my life .	det_poss:the:my	6380
After holding a brief team post-game meeting , Mackanin blamed the pitchers .	After holding a brief team post-game meeting , Mackanin blamed his pitchers .	det_poss:the:his	6381
We did that to make the fans happy .	We did that to make his fans happy .	det_poss:the:his	6382
Mack released the claim to the name Maimonides .	Mack released his claim to the name Maimonides .	det_poss:the:his	6383
It was the world now , not his .	It was my world now , not his .	det_poss:the:my	6384
I believe this is right for the daughter .	I believe this is right for my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	6385
I do the part , they do theirs , she tells people .	I do my part , they do theirs , she tells people .	det_poss:the:my	6386
The communication on Saturday with Ms. Wilson was intimate and playful .	His communication on Saturday with Ms. Wilson was intimate and playful .	det_poss:the:his	6387
This is the story of life with diabetes .	This is her story of life with diabetes .	det_poss:the:her	6388
The thoughts and prayers go out to his family at this difficult time .	Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family at this difficult time .	det_poss:the:our	6389
The face did not twitch .	His face did not twitch .	det_poss:the:his	6390
The friends are great .	My friends are great .	det_poss:the:my	6391
Did you have any sexual feelings for the friend 's husband ?	Did you have any sexual feelings for your friend 's husband ?	det_poss:the:your	6392
Another 20,000 lined the streets to the hotel .	Another 20,000 lined the streets to her hotel .	det_poss:the:her	6393
It is holding the health system together .	It is holding our health system together .	det_poss:the:our	6394
Manny and the do-rag , Big Papi and Dice-K are TV staples .	Manny and his do-rag , Big Papi and Dice-K are TV staples .	det_poss:the:his	6395
She spent the years at the nunnery plotting one escape attempt after another .	She spent her years at the nunnery plotting one escape attempt after another .	det_poss:the:her	6396
Cleary returned to start the third period wearing a visor on the helmet .	Cleary returned to start the third period wearing a visor on his helmet .	det_poss:the:his	6397
If minis come in , shorten the skirts - a little bit .	If minis come in , shorten your skirts - a little bit .	det_poss:the:your	6398
In the years since the graduation , I consider us friends .	In the years since his graduation , I consider us friends .	det_poss:the:his	6399
On Wednesday , he traded the plane for a black motor coach .	On Wednesday , he traded his plane for a black motor coach .	det_poss:the:his	6400
Delivering the opening salvo on GMTV , she proceeded from studio to studio .	Delivering her opening salvo on GMTV , she proceeded from studio to studio .	det_poss:the:her	6401
She recalled that one sister had two days notice before the wedding .	She recalled that one sister had two days notice before her wedding .	det_poss:the:her	6402
That is not the problem .	That is not your problem .	det_poss:the:your	6403
The tirade on the sideline could cost him a fine or a suspension .	His tirade on the sideline could cost him a fine or a suspension .	det_poss:the:his	6404
She is counter-suing , inevitably , saying that he reneged on the promise .	She is counter-suing , inevitably , saying that he reneged on his promise .	det_poss:the:his	6405
Carson finished making the notes and flipped on the light .	Carson finished making his notes and flipped on the light .	det_poss:the:his	6406
Xiao recalled being rejected from three technical schools because of the obesity .	Xiao recalled being rejected from three technical schools because of her obesity .	det_poss:the:her	6407
Once I looked at the results , I could never turn back .	Once I looked at my results , I could never turn back .	det_poss:the:my	6408
That is how I made the money .	That is how I made my money .	det_poss:the:my	6409
The cleric called on the fighters to stand down in August .	The cleric called on his fighters to stand down in August .	det_poss:the:his	6410
Mr. Burns quite understandably found a lot to excite him in the subject .	Mr. Burns quite understandably found a lot to excite him in his subject .	det_poss:the:his	6411
He ate and went to the roof to ride the bike .	He ate and went to the roof to ride his bike .	det_poss:the:his	6412
Are you sure we will get the money back , Darling ?	Are you sure we will get our money back , Darling ?	det_poss:the:our	6413
Q : How did you like working in the hometown ?	Q : How did you like working in your hometown ?	det_poss:the:your	6414
Maybe she has not been truthful with the client , Michael Jackson .	Maybe she has not been truthful with her client , Michael Jackson .	det_poss:the:her	6415
The character was used to highlight many topical social issues .	Her character was used to highlight many topical social issues .	det_poss:the:her	6416
The table below lists the oil and gas capital expenditures .	The table below lists our oil and gas capital expenditures .	det_poss:the:our	6417
CLINTON : I do not mind taking hits on the record on issues .	CLINTON : I do not mind taking hits on my record on issues .	det_poss:the:my	6418
The secret to seeing a difference in how the skin looks ?	The secret to seeing a difference in how your skin looks ?	det_poss:the:your	6419
He also will consider running for reelection to the House seat next year .	He also will consider running for reelection to his House seat next year .	det_poss:the:his	6420
He is one of the top three players in the league .	He is one of the top three players in our league .	det_poss:the:our	6421
Recently I made a trip south with the twins to look at colleges .	Recently I made a trip south with my twins to look at colleges .	det_poss:the:my	6422
But it is the team .	But it is your team .	det_poss:the:your	6423
Hayden Mullins took the place .	Hayden Mullins took his place .	det_poss:the:his	6424
The path-breaking meeting with the pope surely gave many Saudi clerics heartburn .	His path-breaking meeting with the pope surely gave many Saudi clerics heartburn .	det_poss:the:his	6425
That is what the African-American friends and I called it back in college .	That is what my African-American friends and I called it back in college .	det_poss:the:my	6426
From the head down , he was covered in blood .	From his head down , he was covered in blood .	det_poss:the:his	6427
White 's 295 all-purpose yards were the sixth-highest total of the career .	White 's 295 all-purpose yards were the sixth-highest total of his career .	det_poss:the:his	6428
Morris still hopes to fill the elk tag .	Morris still hopes to fill his elk tag .	det_poss:the:his	6429
Here are excerpts from a conversation : The ignorance has its dividends .	Here are excerpts from a conversation : His ignorance has its dividends .	det_poss:the:his	6430
I urge the colleagues to support this legislation .	I urge my colleagues to support this legislation .	det_poss:the:my	6431
The Londonderry officer was wounded as he dropped off the son at school .	The Londonderry officer was wounded as he dropped off his son at school .	det_poss:the:his	6432
I knew him as a famous scientist in the field .	I knew him as a famous scientist in our field .	det_poss:the:our	6433
He does not even recognise the face .	He does not even recognise my face .	det_poss:the:my	6434
People seem to miss the humor .	People seem to miss our humor .	det_poss:the:our	6435
The tour is in pursuit of exceptional beer .	My tour is in pursuit of exceptional beer .	det_poss:the:my	6436
The field-goal attempts and free-throw attempts have decreased .	His field-goal attempts and free-throw attempts have decreased .	det_poss:the:his	6437
How competitive is the relationship ?	How competitive is your relationship ?	det_poss:the:your	6438
How do I tell the employee he smells ?	How do I tell my employee he smells ?	det_poss:the:my	6439
It is the cousin .	It is his cousin .	det_poss:the:his	6440
Phillips was true to the word .	Phillips was true to her word .	det_poss:the:her	6441
There is nothing girlie about Herrera or the clothes .	There is nothing girlie about Herrera or her clothes .	det_poss:the:her	6442
The United States has offered $ 5 million for the arrest since 1999 .	The United States has offered $ 5 million for his arrest since 1999 .	det_poss:the:his	6443
The car smelt wonderful all Tuesday afternoon .	My car smelt wonderful all Tuesday afternoon .	det_poss:the:my	6444
That is where the firm has placed its big bets .	That is where his firm has placed its big bets .	det_poss:the:his	6445
He is looking after himself and he is looking after the family .	He is looking after himself and he is looking after his family .	det_poss:the:his	6446
Michael Jackson is closer than ever to losing the Neverland Valley Ranch .	Michael Jackson is closer than ever to losing his Neverland Valley Ranch .	det_poss:the:his	6447
Judge Orders Detainee Not Be Sent Home for The Own Protection Jeez !	Judge Orders Detainee Not Be Sent Home for His Own Protection Jeez !	det_poss:the:his	6448
Design the kitchen for organization .	Design your kitchen for organization .	det_poss:the:your	6449
To counter this , Ablow suggested being straight with people about the limitations .	To counter this , Ablow suggested being straight with people about your limitations .	det_poss:the:your	6450
James will be summoned to appear for the arraignment next month .	James will be summoned to appear for his arraignment next month .	det_poss:the:his	6451
The strategy is to build trust .	His strategy is to build trust .	det_poss:the:his	6452
" " This has taken over the life .	" " This has taken over my life .	det_poss:the:my	6453
The van entered a high , barren valley with mountains on three sides .	Our van entered a high , barren valley with mountains on three sides .	det_poss:the:our	6454
And the readers think they already know him .	And your readers think they already know him .	det_poss:the:your	6455
It sent us all scurrying for the Googles .	It sent us all scurrying for our Googles .	det_poss:the:our	6456
Relations with US What is more , the sprays are sugar- and fat-free .	Relations with US What is more , our sprays are sugar- and fat-free .	det_poss:the:our	6457
" We ask you to turn the phone on , " Rodriques said .	" We ask you to turn your phone on , " Rodriques said .	det_poss:the:your	6458
I do often wonder : Why me , why the son ?	I do often wonder : Why me , why my son ?	det_poss:the:my	6459
Strahan was in the element .	Strahan was in his element .	det_poss:the:his	6460
But this time the views should be taken seriously .	But this time his views should be taken seriously .	det_poss:the:his	6461
The gun was on the floor below the legs .	The gun was on the floor below her legs .	det_poss:the:her	6462
The baby brother Arthur arrived a few years after Annette .	My baby brother Arthur arrived a few years after Annette .	det_poss:the:my	6463
Shelley Duncan put on sunglasses to complement the Scarecrow get-up .	Shelley Duncan put on sunglasses to complement his Scarecrow get-up .	det_poss:the:his	6464
Goodell said he sensed most NFL players agreed with the action .	Goodell said he sensed most NFL players agreed with his action .	det_poss:the:his	6465
He returns to a big week for the Iraq strategy .	He returns to a big week for his Iraq strategy .	det_poss:the:his	6466
John McCain stands by the principles , all of them .	John McCain stands by his principles , all of them .	det_poss:the:his	6467
" " It is really the life .	" " It is really my life .	det_poss:the:my	6468
Higher aspirations changed the life .	Higher aspirations changed my life .	det_poss:the:my	6469
The point is this : Spring is here !	My point is this : Spring is here !	det_poss:the:my	6470
The child bore signs of bruising on the forehead .	The child bore signs of bruising on her forehead .	det_poss:the:her	6471
The deputy , Dr Ayman al-Zawahiri , is a Cairo-trained paediatrician .	His deputy , Dr Ayman al-Zawahiri , is a Cairo-trained paediatrician .	det_poss:the:his	6472
Allowing the life to be taken is a shocking perversion of the law .	Allowing his life to be taken is a shocking perversion of the law .	det_poss:the:his	6473
I am just happy to be back with the friends .	I am just happy to be back with my friends .	det_poss:the:my	6474
I thought she was out of the mind .	I thought she was out of her mind .	det_poss:the:her	6475
We 'll direct the focus toward Arizona .	We 'll direct our focus toward Arizona .	det_poss:the:our	6476
Petersen acknowledged that the family has not been overwhelmed with calls .	Petersen acknowledged that his family has not been overwhelmed with calls .	det_poss:the:his	6477
Mr. Ban stated in the remarks to representatives comprising the ?	Mr. Ban stated in his remarks to representatives comprising the ?	det_poss:the:his	6478
What are the thoughts on 60 years of Royal marriage ?	What are your thoughts on 60 years of Royal marriage ?	det_poss:the:your	6479
The society 's cultural leaders have to regain self-confidence .	Our society 's cultural leaders have to regain self-confidence .	det_poss:the:our	6480
Those around him say he has gained control of the drinking problem .	Those around him say he has gained control of his drinking problem .	det_poss:the:his	6481
Stricker hung the head , but not for long .	Stricker hung his head , but not for long .	det_poss:the:his	6482
She and the family are being backed by the Valleys Race Equality Council .	She and her family are being backed by the Valleys Race Equality Council .	det_poss:the:her	6483
The cause was heart failure , the daughter Jane Shull said .	The cause was heart failure , his daughter Jane Shull said .	det_poss:the:his	6484
Or look at the grocery bill .	Or look at your grocery bill .	det_poss:the:your	6485
Regan has dismissed the criticism , the Sunday Morning Post reported here .	Regan has dismissed his criticism , the Sunday Morning Post reported here .	det_poss:the:his	6486
" The troubles are boring , " says Marks of Blender .	" His troubles are boring , " says Marks of Blender .	det_poss:the:his	6487
He sang Prince 's When Doves Cry with Charlotte Church on the show .	He sang Prince 's When Doves Cry with Charlotte Church on her show .	det_poss:the:her	6488
The fielder sprinted to the right to take an excellent catch .	The fielder sprinted to his right to take an excellent catch .	det_poss:the:his	6489
The Humvee was struck by a rocket-propelled grenade in Baghdad .	His Humvee was struck by a rocket-propelled grenade in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	6490
Bill called the nuts .	Bill called her nuts .	det_poss:the:her	6491
But she acquiesced to the gimlet .	But she acquiesced to her gimlet .	det_poss:the:her	6492
He said he took the downstairs .	He said he took her downstairs .	det_poss:the:her	6493
There was only one thing about the Kohl 's experience that palled .	There was only one thing about my Kohl 's experience that palled .	det_poss:the:my	6494
The colors are different , but I grew up with them .	Our colors are different , but I grew up with them .	det_poss:the:our	6495
The uncle was on one side and my father on the other .	My uncle was on one side and my father on the other .	det_poss:the:my	6496
Q. Where did you go for the vacation in the summer of 2004 ?	Q. Where did you go for your vacation in the summer of 2004 ?	det_poss:the:your	6497
He broke three bones in the face .	He broke three bones in his face .	det_poss:the:his	6498
The predecessor , Advocaat , made a loss of more than £ 50m .	His predecessor , Advocaat , made a loss of more than £ 50m .	det_poss:the:his	6499
The metabolisms aren 't as active when we sleep .	Our metabolisms aren 't as active when we sleep .	det_poss:the:our	6500
Cleverley was last seen riding the bicycle in Provo on Aug. 30 .	Cleverley was last seen riding her bicycle in Provo on Aug. 30 .	det_poss:the:her	6501
Some have said Lewis could pay for this debacle with the job .	Some have said Lewis could pay for this debacle with his job .	det_poss:the:his	6502
Tuukka , the Alko checkout cashier , has the doubts as well .	Tuukka , the Alko checkout cashier , has his doubts as well .	det_poss:the:his	6503
" " Set pieces are the Achilles heel .	" " Set pieces are our Achilles heel .	det_poss:the:our	6504
Mr. Anderson 's character was abandoned by the partner during the hurricane .	Mr. Anderson 's character was abandoned by his partner during the hurricane .	det_poss:the:his	6505
Roth let the Dirty Dave side hold court for most of the night .	Roth let his Dirty Dave side hold court for most of the night .	det_poss:the:his	6506
People like Alyssa and the family are receiving help from their fellow Americans .	People like Alyssa and her family are receiving help from their fellow Americans .	det_poss:the:her	6507
The friends pulled me out and saved me .	My friends pulled me out and saved me .	det_poss:the:my	6508
" The age , " Kessler said .	" His age , " Kessler said .	det_poss:the:his	6509
You can really hear the voice in the play .	You can really hear her voice in the play .	det_poss:the:her	6510
Analysts said that the pre-budget was largely in line with market expectations .	Analysts said that his pre-budget was largely in line with market expectations .	det_poss:the:his	6511
We do not have any friends the age .	We do not have any friends our age .	det_poss:the:our	6512
Second baseman Dustin Pedroia raced to the right and dove .	Second baseman Dustin Pedroia raced to his right and dove .	det_poss:the:his	6513
I slowly raised a wet hand to the mouth .	I slowly raised a wet hand to my mouth .	det_poss:the:my	6514
And there very well may be species here that the societies want .	And there very well may be species here that our societies want .	det_poss:the:our	6515
Yet the signature style remains firmly in place .	Yet his signature style remains firmly in place .	det_poss:the:his	6516
Q I am a gay man in the thirties .	Q I am a gay man in my thirties .	det_poss:the:my	6517
But Benjamin seems tireless in the cupcake crusade .	But Benjamin seems tireless in his cupcake crusade .	det_poss:the:his	6518
You married one of the fans .	You married one of your fans .	det_poss:the:your	6519
The plan banlieue is due to be unveiled early next year .	Her plan banlieue is due to be unveiled early next year .	det_poss:the:her	6520
The office appointment is 90 minutes .	My office appointment is 90 minutes .	det_poss:the:my	6521
" We rely a lot on the returns , " Aspelin said .	" We rely a lot on our returns , " Aspelin said .	det_poss:the:our	6522
She was taken to hospital with 12 shotgun pellets embedded in the leg .	She was taken to hospital with 12 shotgun pellets embedded in her leg .	det_poss:the:her	6523
That is very important for the confidence .	That is very important for our confidence .	det_poss:the:our	6524
It is that the model of organising is dated .	It is that his model of organising is dated .	det_poss:the:his	6525
I think there are many ways to serve the country .	I think there are many ways to serve your country .	det_poss:the:your	6526
" I spend half the day saying ' Be quiet !	" I spend half my day saying ' Be quiet !	det_poss:the:my	6527
The family opened their first Ford dealership in 1931 .	His family opened their first Ford dealership in 1931 .	det_poss:the:his	6528
In the meantime , there is a hatchet sitting next to the bed .	In the meantime , there is a hatchet sitting next to her bed .	det_poss:the:her	6529
The label , Slip-N-Slide Records , declined to comment .	His label , Slip-N-Slide Records , declined to comment .	det_poss:the:his	6530
He blamed commanders behind a breakaway faction from the group .	He blamed commanders behind a breakaway faction from his group .	det_poss:the:his	6531
Oakwood watched Professor McPherson strutting around the grounds doing the exercise routine .	Oakwood watched Professor McPherson strutting around the grounds doing his exercise routine .	det_poss:the:his	6532
Gail Collins writes in the New York Times column .	Gail Collins writes in her New York Times column .	det_poss:the:her	6533
I am still going to have the ounce of dark chocolate every day .	I am still going to have my ounce of dark chocolate every day .	det_poss:the:my	6534
, all of whom he calls the heroes .	, all of whom he calls his heroes .	det_poss:the:his	6535
But he is also a good enough friend to speak the mind .	But he is also a good enough friend to speak his mind .	det_poss:the:his	6536
It is been a big part of the media training .	It is been a big part of her media training .	det_poss:the:her	6537
Women grow more engaged after watching the video .	Women grow more engaged after watching his video .	det_poss:the:his	6538
Donahue said the base fee has now climbed to $ 3,500 .	Donahue said her base fee has now climbed to $ 3,500 .	det_poss:the:her	6539
The team has lumbered to a 5-6 start .	His team has lumbered to a 5-6 start .	det_poss:the:his	6540
He was carrying three passengers -- the daughter and two family friends .	He was carrying three passengers -- his daughter and two family friends .	det_poss:the:his	6541
The image supports theories that two people were involved in the killing .	The image supports theories that two people were involved in her killing .	det_poss:the:her	6542
He takes care of the son and the house .	He takes care of our son and the house .	det_poss:the:our	6543
Those Palestinians are the brothers .	Those Palestinians are our brothers .	det_poss:the:our	6544
How to get rid of the dog 's bad breath American .	How to get rid of your dog 's bad breath American .	det_poss:the:your	6545
PETER COOK 's comic genius was hindered by the alcohol dependency and depression .	PETER COOK 's comic genius was hindered by his alcohol dependency and depression .	det_poss:the:his	6546
The family is now and has always been my life preserver .	My family is now and has always been my life preserver .	det_poss:the:my	6547
And make sure the pots are not too elaborate .	And make sure your pots are not too elaborate .	det_poss:the:your	6548
At 30 , he is just rounding into the prime of the career .	At 30 , he is just rounding into the prime of his career .	det_poss:the:his	6549
Gareth Thomas returns to the action with a plaster on the chin .	Gareth Thomas returns to the action with a plaster on his chin .	det_poss:the:his	6550
Everything we do is designed to provide increased value to the clients .	Everything we do is designed to provide increased value to our clients .	det_poss:the:our	6551
After feeding , I moved the truck closer to the barn .	After feeding , I moved my truck closer to the barn .	det_poss:the:my	6552
Will the career forever be tarnished ?	Will his career forever be tarnished ?	det_poss:the:his	6553
29 , at the request , but had to pull out .	29 , at her request , but had to pull out .	det_poss:the:her	6554
Some of the victims were believed to be as young as six .	Some of his victims were believed to be as young as six .	det_poss:the:his	6555
Have the papers ready .	Have your papers ready .	det_poss:the:your	6556
We worry when our top-heavy little guy topples over and slams the head .	We worry when our top-heavy little guy topples over and slams his head .	det_poss:the:his	6557
Warner scheduled an e-mail announcement of the plans for Thursday .	Warner scheduled an e-mail announcement of his plans for Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	6558
Mrs Regan said the son had talked of leaving drugs behind .	Mrs Regan said her son had talked of leaving drugs behind .	det_poss:the:her	6559
You also have the option of using the buttons to control the skaters .	You also have the option of using the buttons to control your skaters .	det_poss:the:your	6560
Justin Timberlake has been ordered to rest the voice .	Justin Timberlake has been ordered to rest his voice .	det_poss:the:his	6561
But many of the criticisms have been aimed at Clinton .	But many of her criticisms have been aimed at Clinton .	det_poss:the:her	6562
Tommy Bowden could very well be playing for the job .	Tommy Bowden could very well be playing for his job .	det_poss:the:his	6563
DeGeneres also mentioned the decision on air Thursday .	DeGeneres also mentioned her decision on air Thursday .	det_poss:the:her	6564
She fixed the eyes on the landing area as she started to fall .	She fixed her eyes on the landing area as she started to fall .	det_poss:the:her	6565
" All of the lives are in limbo , " said Lambertson .	" All of our lives are in limbo , " said Lambertson .	det_poss:the:our	6566
The speech went down well and she worked the room to effect .	Her speech went down well and she worked the room to effect .	det_poss:the:her	6567
I hope you appreciate the openness to all of you .	I hope you appreciate my openness to all of you .	det_poss:the:my	6568
It is taking a toll on the economy .	It is taking a toll on our economy .	det_poss:the:our	6569
" There are enough stories about the family , " she said .	" There are enough stories about my family , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	6570
But since the speech the situation has worsened .	But since his speech the situation has worsened .	det_poss:the:his	6571
Vick and the friends are sick .	Vick and his friends are sick .	det_poss:the:his	6572
During the career , Eve has sold more than 4.8 million albums .	During her career , Eve has sold more than 4.8 million albums .	det_poss:the:her	6573
Then Giuliani made him a partner in the consulting firm .	Then Giuliani made him a partner in his consulting firm .	det_poss:the:his	6574
The position is that he will not be permitted to go .	Our position is that he will not be permitted to go .	det_poss:the:our	6575
Tak and the mates confront them , and even make Lok useful .	Tak and his mates confront them , and even make Lok useful .	det_poss:the:his	6576
He was enchanted by the house and the family .	He was enchanted by the house and her family .	det_poss:the:her	6577
" The policies are responsible , " Mr. Sharif said .	" His policies are responsible , " Mr. Sharif said .	det_poss:the:his	6578
The share of the profits , Bush says , will go to UNICEF .	Her share of the profits , Bush says , will go to UNICEF .	det_poss:the:her	6579
A big reason this bothers me is the children are allergic to dogs .	A big reason this bothers me is my children are allergic to dogs .	det_poss:the:my	6580
The moneylender came to the home last Saturday for his weekly payment .	The moneylender came to her home last Saturday for his weekly payment .	det_poss:the:her	6581
She was left with a bald circle on top of the head .	She was left with a bald circle on top of her head .	det_poss:the:her	6582
Fred brings the experience and skills to help continue the progress .	Fred brings the experience and skills to help continue our progress .	det_poss:the:our	6583
The son was 6 at the time .	Her son was 6 at the time .	det_poss:the:her	6584
Consuming a nutrient-rich diet all year round may help keep the body strong .	Consuming a nutrient-rich diet all year round may help keep your body strong .	det_poss:the:your	6585
The Colonel Faris Al-Ghazi is achingly real .	His Colonel Faris Al-Ghazi is achingly real .	det_poss:the:his	6586
Would the presence do more harm than good ?	Would my presence do more harm than good ?	det_poss:the:my	6587
It is part of the game and I apologize for him getting hurt .	It is part of my game and I apologize for him getting hurt .	det_poss:the:my	6588
Emily finished the treatment early this year .	Emily finished her treatment early this year .	det_poss:the:her	6589
I say , leaping out of the chair .	I say , leaping out of my chair .	det_poss:the:my	6590
The impact of the work was felt around the world .	The impact of his work was felt around the world .	det_poss:the:his	6591
Details of the visit were not known .	Details of his visit were not known .	det_poss:the:his	6592
Given what he has gone through , the stance is close to heroic .	Given what he has gone through , his stance is close to heroic .	det_poss:the:his	6593
I am no stranger to that side effect of losing the hair .	I am no stranger to that side effect of losing your hair .	det_poss:the:your	6594
We will miss the wisdom , wit and contributions .	We will miss his wisdom , wit and contributions .	det_poss:the:his	6595
But I did not want to be in the shadow every season .	But I did not want to be in his shadow every season .	det_poss:the:his	6596
Today , Soham is back in the village .	Today , Soham is back in her village .	det_poss:the:her	6597
She is very conscious of maintaining the dignity .	She is very conscious of maintaining his dignity .	det_poss:the:his	6598
He slept Thursday night at the studio with a video camera ready .	He slept Thursday night at his studio with a video camera ready .	det_poss:the:his	6599
The pay today is $ 226,564 , and it is considered a bargain .	His pay today is $ 226,564 , and it is considered a bargain .	det_poss:the:his	6600
Sri Lanka 2nd innings Heat filled up the inside of the coat .	Sri Lanka 2nd innings Heat filled up the inside of her coat .	det_poss:the:her	6601
So the colleagues and I try to go in and have a look .	So my colleagues and I try to go in and have a look .	det_poss:the:my	6602
Stock Futures Fall as Oil Surges You can read the bio here .	Stock Futures Fall as Oil Surges You can read his bio here .	det_poss:the:his	6603
It is also the reason for the surprise victory .	It is also the reason for his surprise victory .	det_poss:the:his	6604
He is almost twice the age .	He is almost twice your age .	det_poss:the:your	6605
Unfortunately the list is restricted to just 25 underrated tourist attractions .	Unfortunately our list is restricted to just 25 underrated tourist attractions .	det_poss:the:our	6606
Here are the highlights , categorized to fit the holiday needs .	Here are the highlights , categorized to fit your holiday needs .	det_poss:the:your	6607
The wages are paid by the village committee , she says .	Her wages are paid by the village committee , she says .	det_poss:the:her	6608
The Sun has started a campaign to save the bacon .	The Sun has started a campaign to save our bacon .	det_poss:the:our	6609
Later Saturday , Bhutto left the home .	Later Saturday , Bhutto left her home .	det_poss:the:her	6610
He also said word of the enthusiasms had spread quickly around the area .	He also said word of his enthusiasms had spread quickly around the area .	det_poss:the:his	6611
Saramago was promptly fired from the newspaper job .	Saramago was promptly fired from his newspaper job .	det_poss:the:his	6612
Don 't fire on the neighbors .	Don 't fire on your neighbors .	det_poss:the:your	6613
The second gave the Rangers a 4-1 lead .	His second gave the Rangers a 4-1 lead .	det_poss:the:his	6614
But the teammates were apparently not among them .	But his teammates were apparently not among them .	det_poss:the:his	6615
It is the company .	It is our company .	det_poss:the:our	6616
It is the way of contributing something .	It is my way of contributing something .	det_poss:the:my	6617
" The Y chromosome resides in the body , " the prince said .	" The Y chromosome resides in my body , " the prince said .	det_poss:the:my	6618
The dreams and good intentions have to be put aside .	Our dreams and good intentions have to be put aside .	det_poss:the:our	6619
After the fashion show , Dé explained to me Mumbai 's social architecture .	After her fashion show , Dé explained to me Mumbai 's social architecture .	det_poss:the:her	6620
A bomber blew himself up just in front of the truck .	A bomber blew himself up just in front of our truck .	det_poss:the:our	6621
Holliday , who lay face-down after cutting the chin , could not .	Holliday , who lay face-down after cutting his chin , could not .	det_poss:the:his	6622
I will never throw away The West Ham United pennant from 1966 .	I will never throw away My West Ham United pennant from 1966 .	det_poss:the:my	6623
He prefers to play in the tree house , by himself .	He prefers to play in his tree house , by himself .	det_poss:the:his	6624
In 2002 , he announced the retirement from political life .	In 2002 , he announced his retirement from political life .	det_poss:the:his	6625
Tuiasosopo 's play Thursday night against the Philadelphia Eagles solidified the standing .	Tuiasosopo 's play Thursday night against the Philadelphia Eagles solidified his standing .	det_poss:the:his	6626
Laxman averages 52.04 against Australia , considerably above the career average of 44.10 .	Laxman averages 52.04 against Australia , considerably above his career average of 44.10 .	det_poss:the:his	6627
She is seriously invested the time .	She is seriously invested her time .	det_poss:the:her	6628
I have been able to learn a tremendous amount from the mistakes .	I have been able to learn a tremendous amount from his mistakes .	det_poss:the:his	6629
The memorial will be November 12 .	Her memorial will be November 12 .	det_poss:the:her	6630
Change the oil .	Change your oil .	det_poss:the:your	6631
The man cannot even beat out Tom Tancredo .	Our man cannot even beat out Tom Tancredo .	det_poss:the:our	6632
'Moving forward' The conclusion : all calories are not alike .	'Moving forward' His conclusion : all calories are not alike .	det_poss:the:his	6633
I could still see the breath .	I could still see my breath .	det_poss:the:my	6634
Why does he keep knocking Hillary in the TV appearances ?	Why does he keep knocking Hillary in his TV appearances ?	det_poss:the:his	6635
Times and dates are available on the Web site .	Times and dates are available on his Web site .	det_poss:the:his	6636
Well , the heart is still here ; it always will be .	Well , my heart is still here ; it always will be .	det_poss:the:my	6637
That included Michael Finley going scoreless , missing all six of the shots .	That included Michael Finley going scoreless , missing all six of his shots .	det_poss:the:his	6638
So I assume the pets are toast .	So I assume our pets are toast .	det_poss:the:our	6639
Like what to do when the daughter gets abducted .	Like what to do when your daughter gets abducted .	det_poss:the:your	6640
Once you 've been notified of an award , get out the calculator .	Once you 've been notified of an award , get out your calculator .	det_poss:the:your	6641
Well , this post is for you , the friends .	Well , this post is for you , my friends .	det_poss:the:my	6642
The daughter , Susan , died in an automobile accident in 1976 .	His daughter , Susan , died in an automobile accident in 1976 .	det_poss:the:his	6643
John Partington , the Senior Buyer will continue to report to Mclain .	John Partington , our Senior Buyer will continue to report to Mclain .	det_poss:the:our	6644
The investments include English Premier League soccer club Tottenham Hotspur .	His investments include English Premier League soccer club Tottenham Hotspur .	det_poss:the:his	6645
SAN FRANCISCO - Max Levchin is not easily distracted from the work .	SAN FRANCISCO - Max Levchin is not easily distracted from his work .	det_poss:the:his	6646
It is quite handy and worked well during the test period .	It is quite handy and worked well during our test period .	det_poss:the:our	6647
" " This extra finance and support will enable the club to progress .	" " This extra finance and support will enable our club to progress .	det_poss:the:our	6648
But the friends say he has a darker side .	But his friends say he has a darker side .	det_poss:the:his	6649
Does the local superintendent of schools want to kill any of the teachers ?	Does the local superintendent of schools want to kill any of her teachers ?	det_poss:the:her	6650
TOKYO , Japan ( AP ) -- Paris , eat the heart out .	TOKYO , Japan ( AP ) -- Paris , eat your heart out .	det_poss:the:your	6651
He ruled that a Bahamian court had jurisdiction over the custody .	He ruled that a Bahamian court had jurisdiction over her custody .	det_poss:the:her	6652
He has attended about a dozen funerals for the customers .	He has attended about a dozen funerals for his customers .	det_poss:the:his	6653
HONOLULU ( AP ) - Kobe Bryant may get the wish after all .	HONOLULU ( AP ) - Kobe Bryant may get his wish after all .	det_poss:the:his	6654
Contractors in Combat He was broken but the arms still moved .	Contractors in Combat He was broken but his arms still moved .	det_poss:the:his	6655
The list is not rock , acid or otherwise .	My list is not rock , acid or otherwise .	det_poss:the:my	6656
No one will ever be able to take the place .	No one will ever be able to take his place .	det_poss:the:his	6657
He screamed and lifted the shorts to check the damage .	He screamed and lifted his shorts to check the damage .	det_poss:the:his	6658
You can extend the stay for $ 60 per person per night .	You can extend your stay for $ 60 per person per night .	det_poss:the:your	6659
" " The prospects coming into the funnel have never been more dynamic .	" " The prospects coming into our funnel have never been more dynamic .	det_poss:the:our	6660
She sat on the lap .	She sat on his lap .	det_poss:the:his	6661
The estate is worth more than £ 600,000 .	My estate is worth more than £ 600,000 .	det_poss:the:my	6662
We never should have allowed ( Michaelis ) into the homes .	We never should have allowed ( Michaelis ) into our homes .	det_poss:the:our	6663
I planned to continue the job as a newspaper reporter .	I planned to continue my job as a newspaper reporter .	det_poss:the:my	6664
But I had lost 25 pounds and the breasts didnt go anywhere !	But I had lost 25 pounds and my breasts didnt go anywhere !	det_poss:the:my	6665
Cooking is the same thing - you have the ingredients and add heat .	Cooking is the same thing - you have your ingredients and add heat .	det_poss:the:your	6666
The complementary nature of the interests is very clear .	The complementary nature of our interests is very clear .	det_poss:the:our	6667
The knighthood has been awarded for services to science .	His knighthood has been awarded for services to science .	det_poss:the:his	6668
The Republican leadership has also requested an ethics committee investigation into the conduct .	The Republican leadership has also requested an ethics committee investigation into his conduct .	det_poss:the:his	6669
Pack appropriately for dress-up events and any family outings scheduled during the stay .	Pack appropriately for dress-up events and any family outings scheduled during your stay .	det_poss:the:your	6670
One presidential aide suggests the role may be evolving rather then ending .	One presidential aide suggests her role may be evolving rather then ending .	det_poss:the:her	6671
This is the tree , made of nets and welded metal scrap .	This is our tree , made of nets and welded metal scrap .	det_poss:the:our	6672
I saw the kids , had the realization that they would be okay .	I saw my kids , had the realization that they would be okay .	det_poss:the:my	6673
, Brendsel did not elaborate on the notes .	, Brendsel did not elaborate on his notes .	det_poss:the:his	6674
" The name is Gerald , " he said .	" His name is Gerald , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	6675
The basket made the score 78-76 with under one minute left .	His basket made the score 78-76 with under one minute left .	det_poss:the:his	6676
And so the spider continues spinning the web .	And so the spider continues spinning his web .	det_poss:the:his	6677
So he piled them in the truck and raced to the bridge .	So he piled them in his truck and raced to the bridge .	det_poss:the:his	6678
But because of the strength , she fainted .	But because of his strength , she fainted .	det_poss:the:his	6679
Come close and a laptop PC is thrust under the nose .	Come close and a laptop PC is thrust under your nose .	det_poss:the:your	6680
LAHORE , Pakistan - The details are on the disc .	LAHORE , Pakistan - My details are on the disc .	det_poss:the:my	6681
We went to the houses to call the police .	We went to our houses to call the police .	det_poss:the:our	6682
Phillips came into the relationship with Owens with only one preconceived notion .	Phillips came into his relationship with Owens with only one preconceived notion .	det_poss:the:his	6683
He said the cleric was in hiding and has abandoned the stronghold .	He said the cleric was in hiding and has abandoned his stronghold .	det_poss:the:his	6684
I 'll just try to keep the game plan on Sunday .	I 'll just try to keep my game plan on Sunday .	det_poss:the:my	6685
It is an open question whether the insurer would cover damages .	It is an open question whether his insurer would cover damages .	det_poss:the:his	6686
The departure will leave Citigroup without a clear successor .	His departure will leave Citigroup without a clear successor .	det_poss:the:his	6687
The muscle is very tight and I cannot move the arm up .	The muscle is very tight and I cannot move my arm up .	det_poss:the:my	6688
- has exacerbated the reaction to the McCanns .	- has exacerbated our reaction to the McCanns .	det_poss:the:our	6689
Doing so allows you to hone the message into concise statements .	Doing so allows you to hone your message into concise statements .	det_poss:the:your	6690
But ask first at the front desk if the gym bans cash tips .	But ask first at the front desk if your gym bans cash tips .	det_poss:the:your	6691
The U.S. military initially listed Gilbert as missing but later confirmed the death .	The U.S. military initially listed Gilbert as missing but later confirmed his death .	det_poss:the:his	6692
Feel the breeze against the face , they are here .	Feel the breeze against your face , they are here .	det_poss:the:your	6693
Now another U.S. Open title is within the grasp .	Now another U.S. Open title is within her grasp .	det_poss:the:her	6694
Mr. Babayev struggles to provide for the children .	Mr. Babayev struggles to provide for his children .	det_poss:the:his	6695
Should I worry about where the toys come from ?	Should I worry about where my toys come from ?	det_poss:the:my	6696
Of course I 'll still be able to carry on the business .	Of course I 'll still be able to carry on my business .	det_poss:the:my	6697
" It is definitely in the mind , " Kim said .	" It is definitely in your mind , " Kim said .	det_poss:the:your	6698
I have noticed a change in the friends over the past few weeks .	I have noticed a change in my friends over the past few weeks .	det_poss:the:my	6699
I would have just broken the legs .	I would have just broken my legs .	det_poss:the:my	6700
Cole injured the neck Monday in a 4-3 win at Florida .	Cole injured his neck Monday in a 4-3 win at Florida .	det_poss:the:his	6701
The family was informed of his death .	His family was informed of his death .	det_poss:the:his	6702
The songs never really pick up or lose steam .	His songs never really pick up or lose steam .	det_poss:the:his	6703
In the experience it is not possible to say yes to everyone .	In my experience it is not possible to say yes to everyone .	det_poss:the:my	6704
Was a member of the family killed in the Spanish Civil War ?	Was a member of your family killed in the Spanish Civil War ?	det_poss:the:your	6705
She was last seen alive by the GP in March 1999 .	She was last seen alive by her GP in March 1999 .	det_poss:the:her	6706
With the victory he vaulted from eighth to third in the standings .	With his victory he vaulted from eighth to third in the standings .	det_poss:the:his	6707
They are saving the houses .	They are saving our houses .	det_poss:the:our	6708
He is encouraging key aides to follow the lead .	He is encouraging key aides to follow his lead .	det_poss:the:his	6709
Details in the study were used to determine the identity .	Details in the study were used to determine her identity .	det_poss:the:her	6710
Cripe says he gave the ball to the nephew as a Christmas present .	Cripe says he gave the ball to his nephew as a Christmas present .	det_poss:the:his	6711
The honour was for services to young disabled people in South Gloucestershire .	Her honour was for services to young disabled people in South Gloucestershire .	det_poss:the:her	6712
So he kept the head down .	So he kept his head down .	det_poss:the:his	6713
On Tuesday , Fletcher said officers had pushed their way into the home .	On Tuesday , Fletcher said officers had pushed their way into her home .	det_poss:the:her	6714
He Is Expected To Officially Announce The Candidacy Later In The Day .	He Is Expected To Officially Announce His Candidacy Later In The Day .	det_poss:the:his	6715
The blows fractured the skull .	The blows fractured her skull .	det_poss:the:her	6716
Instead , it is more likely to merely lower the price .	Instead , it is more likely to merely lower his price .	det_poss:the:his	6717
She and the boyfriend did desperate , dangerous things to hide their secret .	She and her boyfriend did desperate , dangerous things to hide their secret .	det_poss:the:her	6718
But a negative public backlash changed the mind , some British newspapers reported .	But a negative public backlash changed her mind , some British newspapers reported .	det_poss:the:her	6719
I think he is entitled to the day in court .	I think he is entitled to his day in court .	det_poss:the:his	6720
But first a more pressing issue arises : the article .	But first a more pressing issue arises : her article .	det_poss:the:her	6721
Or she could be someone Parmigianino imagined as the ideal of beauty .	Or she could be someone Parmigianino imagined as his ideal of beauty .	det_poss:the:his	6722
The reticence may strike his doubters and detractors as a weakness .	His reticence may strike his doubters and detractors as a weakness .	det_poss:the:his	6723
Dr Cubie last night said he would not put figures on the proposals .	Dr Cubie last night said he would not put figures on his proposals .	det_poss:the:his	6724
And the ranking is a career high .	And his ranking is a career high .	det_poss:the:his	6725
First the talk-show host wept profusely on TV over the dog-adoption drama .	First the talk-show host wept profusely on TV over her dog-adoption drama .	det_poss:the:her	6726
Watch the weight .	Watch your weight .	det_poss:the:your	6727
Teams awaiting Carling Cup draw : It really touches the heart .	Teams awaiting Carling Cup draw : It really touches your heart .	det_poss:the:your	6728
" This was the senior-citizen hobby , " Ms. Maher said .	" This was his senior-citizen hobby , " Ms. Maher said .	det_poss:the:his	6729
The arms flew up in triumph as he broke the tape .	His arms flew up in triumph as he broke the tape .	det_poss:the:his	6730
Now the bear is awake and stomping the feet .	Now the bear is awake and stomping his feet .	det_poss:the:his	6731
The cricketers are free-flowing men .	Our cricketers are free-flowing men .	det_poss:the:our	6732
Is the upbringing reflected in the persona of Reverend Billy ?	Is your upbringing reflected in the persona of Reverend Billy ?	det_poss:the:your	6733
" It was a tremendous success in the country , " Montopoli said .	" It was a tremendous success in our country , " Montopoli said .	det_poss:the:our	6734
Mr Tobin has also been questioned over the death .	Mr Tobin has also been questioned over her death .	det_poss:the:her	6735
The son , wife Linda and daughter Brooke regularly appear on the show .	His son , wife Linda and daughter Brooke regularly appear on the show .	det_poss:the:his	6736
The iPhone may reveal more about the misdeeds than you realize .	The iPhone may reveal more about your misdeeds than you realize .	det_poss:the:your	6737
The adjustable-rate mortgage is going to adjust soon .	MY adjustable-rate mortgage is going to adjust soon .	det_poss:the:my	6738
Come ring the doorbell and I will be glad to talk to him .	Come ring my doorbell and I will be glad to talk to him .	det_poss:the:my	6739
Pay close attention to detail to make sure that the account is credited .	Pay close attention to detail to make sure that your account is credited .	det_poss:the:your	6740
So start clearing off a place on the mantle , CBS .	So start clearing off a place on your mantle , CBS .	det_poss:the:your	6741
Above all , do not let the friend drag you down .	Above all , do not let your friend drag you down .	det_poss:the:your	6742
Almost everyone in the crew has stopped playing it for fun .	Almost everyone in our crew has stopped playing it for fun .	det_poss:the:our	6743
Please correct the website .	Please correct your website .	det_poss:the:your	6744
He alleged that IRA or former IRA members were involved in the death .	He alleged that IRA or former IRA members were involved in his death .	det_poss:the:his	6745
I am going to take you to the doctor .	I am going to take you to your doctor .	det_poss:the:your	6746
There is never been a question about the work ethic .	There is never been a question about his work ethic .	det_poss:the:his	6747
The powers also work on riper prey .	His powers also work on riper prey .	det_poss:the:his	6748
KLS : Do you try to get the message across to the co-workers ?	KLS : Do you try to get the message across to your co-workers ?	det_poss:the:your	6749
The prospect areas consist of lands in Alberta , Canada and throughout Louisiana .	Our prospect areas consist of lands in Alberta , Canada and throughout Louisiana .	det_poss:the:our	6750
In the opinion , a private reverse mortgage is a win-win situation .	In my opinion , a private reverse mortgage is a win-win situation .	det_poss:the:my	6751
I bowed the head in a good number of swing-state churches in 2004 .	I bowed my head in a good number of swing-state churches in 2004 .	det_poss:the:my	6752
She and the sisters were so close they got their tonsils removed together .	She and her sisters were so close they got their tonsils removed together .	det_poss:the:her	6753
In the first quarter , he lent the campaign $ 2 million .	In the first quarter , he lent his campaign $ 2 million .	det_poss:the:his	6754
He denied using the credit card to access any child pornography websites .	He denied using his credit card to access any child pornography websites .	det_poss:the:his	6755
So with that kind of situation , what are the options ?	So with that kind of situation , what are our options ?	det_poss:the:our	6756
You 're happy to have the mate back .	You 're happy to have your mate back .	det_poss:the:your	6757
The very last thing that happened , was I held the hand .	The very last thing that happened , was I held her hand .	det_poss:the:her	6758
The trips to Iraq have been among them .	My trips to Iraq have been among them .	det_poss:the:my	6759
I just came onto the court and played the tennis .	I just came onto the court and played my tennis .	det_poss:the:my	6760
So why are the paparazzi hot on the trail ?	So why are the paparazzi hot on his trail ?	det_poss:the:his	6761
The obvious answer : live within the means .	The obvious answer : live within your means .	det_poss:the:your	6762
Somehow he overcame that handicap and highstepped the way to some kudos .	Somehow he overcame that handicap and highstepped his way to some kudos .	det_poss:the:his	6763
A. For starters , know the worth in the marketplace .	A. For starters , know your worth in the marketplace .	det_poss:the:your	6764
The use of plastic quintupled .	Our use of plastic quintupled .	det_poss:the:our	6765
When it is time to pick up the car , study it carefully .	When it is time to pick up your car , study it carefully .	det_poss:the:your	6766
The stature in the world is declining .	Our stature in the world is declining .	det_poss:the:our	6767
Here are some tips to keep the holiday shopping on budget and safe .	Here are some tips to keep your holiday shopping on budget and safe .	det_poss:the:your	6768
The Cyworld minihompy background music is , of course , Dongbang Shingi 's .	Her Cyworld minihompy background music is , of course , Dongbang Shingi 's .	det_poss:the:her	6769
The United States will do the part .	The United States will do our part .	det_poss:the:our	6770
I was still working out the notice when the tsunami struck .	I was still working out my notice when the tsunami struck .	det_poss:the:my	6771
The Afghan government has said it has no objections to the efforts .	The Afghan government has said it has no objections to his efforts .	det_poss:the:his	6772
'Relationship' Jefferies had to read the riot act to the players .	'Relationship' Jefferies had to read the riot act to his players .	det_poss:the:his	6773
Nominations open today to find the successor .	Nominations open today to find his successor .	det_poss:the:his	6774
As soon as the Facebook profile died , our relationship improved .	As soon as my Facebook profile died , our relationship improved .	det_poss:the:my	6775
The death was announced by the son Clifford .	The death was announced by his son Clifford .	det_poss:the:his	6776
The back was to her .	My back was to her .	det_poss:the:my	6777
But that is precisely what makes the reporting so valuable .	But that is precisely what makes our reporting so valuable .	det_poss:the:our	6778
" She repeatedly changes the story , " he said Thursday .	" She repeatedly changes her story , " he said Thursday .	det_poss:the:her	6779
The tale begins with a game of hopscotch in the fifth grade .	My tale begins with a game of hopscotch in the fifth grade .	det_poss:the:my	6780
He beat me and sometimes pulled the hair .	He beat me and sometimes pulled my hair .	det_poss:the:my	6781
Their Itinerary Is The Menu She has never been hunting outside the program .	Their Itinerary Is Your Menu She has never been hunting outside the program .	det_poss:the:your	6782
Clinton has joked publicly about the age in recent campaign appearances .	Clinton has joked publicly about her age in recent campaign appearances .	det_poss:the:her	6783
" I am thinking about firing the audience department , " he added .	" I am thinking about firing my audience department , " he added .	det_poss:the:my	6784
By mistake lipstick got on the tongue !	By mistake lipstick got on my tongue !	det_poss:the:my	6785
The follow-through , a second later , took the legs away .	The follow-through , a second later , took my legs away .	det_poss:the:my	6786
Judging from the letter , the boxer is wearing down the chess player .	Judging from her letter , the boxer is wearing down the chess player .	det_poss:the:her	6787
The matter is currently with the lawyers .	The matter is currently with her lawyers .	det_poss:the:her	6788
To the mind , that release never came .	To my mind , that release never came .	det_poss:the:my	6789
He died on Wednesday at the home in California .	He died on Wednesday at his home in California .	det_poss:the:his	6790
Total strangers will shout the names and offer words of encouragement .	Total strangers will shout our names and offer words of encouragement .	det_poss:the:our	6791
He was a very happy guy in the opinion .	He was a very happy guy in our opinion .	det_poss:the:our	6792
But the fulminations deserve more attention .	But his fulminations deserve more attention .	det_poss:the:his	6793
The job is to help them learn something positive even from negative experiences .	Your job is to help them learn something positive even from negative experiences .	det_poss:the:your	6794
Speculation has run rampant that the 62-year-old will announce the plans within days .	Speculation has run rampant that the 62-year-old will announce his plans within days .	det_poss:the:his	6795
Maire Ui Shithigh and the family speak Irish at home .	Maire Ui Shithigh and her family speak Irish at home .	det_poss:the:her	6796
First , make sure the lampshades are washable .	First , make sure your lampshades are washable .	det_poss:the:your	6797
Low income yields low grades in schools Not every scientist shares the hopes .	Low income yields low grades in schools Not every scientist shares his hopes .	det_poss:the:his	6798
But the WMD is a mouth that will not quit .	But his WMD is a mouth that will not quit .	det_poss:the:his	6799
Francisco Cordero earned the 42nd save .	Francisco Cordero earned his 42nd save .	det_poss:the:his	6800
Carmen staggered me with the energy and joie de vivre .	Carmen staggered me with her energy and joie de vivre .	det_poss:the:her	6801
The fears are for Pakistan 's unity .	My fears are for Pakistan 's unity .	det_poss:the:my	6802
The friend was diagnosed well over a year ago .	My friend was diagnosed well over a year ago .	det_poss:the:my	6803
He heard that police had the photo and were hunting him .	He heard that police had his photo and were hunting him .	det_poss:the:his	6804
Mrs Metcalfe was in the pub celebrating the friend 's 40th birthday .	Mrs Metcalfe was in the pub celebrating her friend 's 40th birthday .	det_poss:the:her	6805
The rent was $ 800 a month .	Our rent was $ 800 a month .	det_poss:the:our	6806
We then perused the Bob Timberlake Gallery for something for the husbands .	We then perused the Bob Timberlake Gallery for something for our husbands .	det_poss:the:our	6807
Please stay in the buildings until further notice .	Please stay in your buildings until further notice .	det_poss:the:your	6808
The US addresses have all been in French .	His US addresses have all been in French .	det_poss:the:his	6809
Yet she refused to let assassins to dictate the course of the country .	Yet she refused to let assassins to dictate the course of her country .	det_poss:the:her	6810
I had a very big lump in the back of the head .	I had a very big lump in the back of my head .	det_poss:the:my	6811
Disable the distractions Honestly - I wish I would started it before .	Disable your distractions Honestly - I wish I would started it before .	det_poss:the:your	6812
Every decision you make will affect the performance .	Every decision you make will affect your performance .	det_poss:the:your	6813
Huffer gave the reasons for the decision .	Huffer gave the reasons for his decision .	det_poss:the:his	6814
McEnroe appeared briefly in the courtroom , then left with the attorney .	McEnroe appeared briefly in the courtroom , then left with his attorney .	det_poss:the:his	6815
" The outfit is fine , " Michele Ebbert said .	" Her outfit is fine , " Michele Ebbert said .	det_poss:the:her	6816
He makes clear , however , that the work can be frightening .	He makes clear , however , that his work can be frightening .	det_poss:the:his	6817
He would be the fourth general manager to leave the post this season .	He would be the fourth general manager to leave his post this season .	det_poss:the:his	6818
But Ms. Anthony is making sure the son does not grow too fast .	But Ms. Anthony is making sure her son does not grow too fast .	det_poss:the:her	6819
Morgan had trained as the backup .	Morgan had trained as her backup .	det_poss:the:her	6820
I feel like that opened the ears up at a young age .	I feel like that opened my ears up at a young age .	det_poss:the:my	6821
He was not permitted a final visit to the home .	He was not permitted a final visit to his home .	det_poss:the:his	6822
The situation is fluid and we are updating the travel advice regularly .	The situation is fluid and we are updating our travel advice regularly .	det_poss:the:our	6823
He has always protested the innocence .	He has always protested his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	6824
So how does this population growth affect the world ?	So how does this population growth affect our world ?	det_poss:the:our	6825
The biggest killer He pleaded guilty to the offence at an earlier hearing .	The biggest killer He pleaded guilty to his offence at an earlier hearing .	det_poss:the:his	6826
But not before Bush renewed the opposition .	But not before Bush renewed his opposition .	det_poss:the:his	6827
And the rest of the knee looked normal .	And the rest of his knee looked normal .	det_poss:the:his	6828
I call it the spectre detector .	I call it our spectre detector .	det_poss:the:our	6829
' " Despite the departure , Zeng 's influence is certain to linger .	' " Despite his departure , Zeng 's influence is certain to linger .	det_poss:the:his	6830
Failing to address weaknesses on the record such as a low GPA .	Failing to address weaknesses on your record such as a low GPA .	det_poss:the:your	6831
The crime was caught on CCTV .	His crime was caught on CCTV .	det_poss:the:his	6832
-- Change The Toothbrush .	-- Change Your Toothbrush .	det_poss:the:your	6833
Perhaps , in reality , others would decide the fate .	Perhaps , in reality , others would decide my fate .	det_poss:the:my	6834
Corder received the diploma after complying .	Corder received her diploma after complying .	det_poss:the:her	6835
" The son is finally vindicated , " Joanne Cicciaro said .	" My son is finally vindicated , " Joanne Cicciaro said .	det_poss:the:my	6836
Providence , R.I. , fell to the bottom of the list this year .	Providence , R.I. , fell to the bottom of our list this year .	det_poss:the:our	6837
The table was short a chair .	Our table was short a chair .	det_poss:the:our	6838
Except Browne tied the sleeves behind the models , binding their hands .	Except Browne tied the sleeves behind his models , binding their hands .	det_poss:the:his	6839
Alba : I kind of always had it in the mind .	Alba : I kind of always had it in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	6840
Can I tell the story with passion and enthusiasm ?	Can I tell my story with passion and enthusiasm ?	det_poss:the:my	6841
He is got the eye on the pie .	He is got his eye on the pie .	det_poss:the:his	6842
I contacted United on the behalf .	I contacted United on your behalf .	det_poss:the:your	6843
Two of the four bullets exited but two lodged in the flesh .	Two of the four bullets exited but two lodged in his flesh .	det_poss:the:his	6844
The respect is gone .	Your respect is gone .	det_poss:the:your	6845
The nation has an acute gas shortage .	His nation has an acute gas shortage .	det_poss:the:his	6846
The responsibility was to make sure we could still do it .	My responsibility was to make sure we could still do it .	det_poss:the:my	6847
Do you want to protect the message-board postings from prying eyes ?	Do you want to protect your message-board postings from prying eyes ?	det_poss:the:your	6848
As usual , we invited the comments - and received hundreds !	As usual , we invited your comments - and received hundreds !	det_poss:the:your	6849
The return has shown instead how unstable the whole edifice is .	Her return has shown instead how unstable the whole edifice is .	det_poss:the:her	6850
I hope the fight against cancer will inch us closer to a cure .	I hope my fight against cancer will inch us closer to a cure .	det_poss:the:my	6851
But the courageous 3-year-old is now winning the battle against leukemia .	But the courageous 3-year-old is now winning his battle against leukemia .	det_poss:the:his	6852
She said she hid in a closet with some of the friends .	She said she hid in a closet with some of her friends .	det_poss:the:her	6853
The Boss left only slight wiggle room in the ultimatum .	The Boss left only slight wiggle room in his ultimatum .	det_poss:the:his	6854
Mexico City 's human rights commission has promised to investigate the complaints .	Mexico City 's human rights commission has promised to investigate her complaints .	det_poss:the:her	6855
Mullen asked the captain for the name and e-mail address .	Mullen asked the captain for his name and e-mail address .	det_poss:the:his	6856
The brainwashing no longer has any effect .	His brainwashing no longer has any effect .	det_poss:the:his	6857
She is already asked if they can sleep in the room .	She is already asked if they can sleep in her room .	det_poss:the:her	6858
When Reneau called the name , he woke up and looked at Reneau .	When Reneau called his name , he woke up and looked at Reneau .	det_poss:the:his	6859
The animal mauled the arm .	The animal mauled her arm .	det_poss:the:her	6860
Riley is forever looking for ways to motivate the players .	Riley is forever looking for ways to motivate his players .	det_poss:the:his	6861
Bonds will plead not guilty , the lawyer said .	Bonds will plead not guilty , his lawyer said .	det_poss:the:his	6862
But the conversations were recorded and the defence minister heard them .	But his conversations were recorded and the defence minister heard them .	det_poss:the:his	6863
Do you and all the friends have children born in odd-numbered years ?	Do you and all your friends have children born in odd-numbered years ?	det_poss:the:your	6864
He also said the client was a target of the Kenyan government .	He also said his client was a target of the Kenyan government .	det_poss:the:his	6865
The senator also discussed the relationship with Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney .	The senator also discussed his relationship with Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney .	det_poss:the:his	6866
He has been a tabloid staple since the ex-wife and Goldman were killed .	He has been a tabloid staple since his ex-wife and Goldman were killed .	det_poss:the:his	6867
Depression runs in the family .	Depression runs in her family .	det_poss:the:her	6868
During the tenure , the company experienced its highest growth rates .	During his tenure , the company experienced its highest growth rates .	det_poss:the:his	6869
Q : Why is a liver transplant ruled out in the case ?	Q : Why is a liver transplant ruled out in your case ?	det_poss:the:your	6870
The time fell to 13.18 seconds in the final race .	His time fell to 13.18 seconds in the final race .	det_poss:the:his	6871
He attributed the cancer to airborne toxins present at the site .	He attributed his cancer to airborne toxins present at the site .	det_poss:the:his	6872
Jon Byong-yoon , 84 , has never met the son .	Jon Byong-yoon , 84 , has never met his son .	det_poss:the:his	6873
Those angry feelings were reflected in the school paper , the sources said .	Those angry feelings were reflected in his school paper , the sources said .	det_poss:the:his	6874
For these blessings we thank the veterans .	For these blessings we thank our veterans .	det_poss:the:our	6875
The view is that we do not know what the personnel changes mean .	Our view is that we do not know what the personnel changes mean .	det_poss:the:our	6876
I am without means and without relatives to nurse the baby .	I am without means and without relatives to nurse my baby .	det_poss:the:my	6877
Civil litigation is one way the society resolves disagreements without gunplay .	Civil litigation is one way our society resolves disagreements without gunplay .	det_poss:the:our	6878
, said she heard about the death through the e-mail .	, said she heard about the death through her e-mail .	det_poss:the:her	6879
There was Professor McPherson peering over the shoulder .	There was Professor McPherson peering over her shoulder .	det_poss:the:her	6880
But she is also worried about the potentially devastating effect on the livelihood .	But she is also worried about the potentially devastating effect on her livelihood .	det_poss:the:her	6881
Can Jack Del Rio keep the job ?	Can Jack Del Rio keep his job ?	det_poss:the:his	6882
She was already tired from the effort when strong winds flipped the canoe .	She was already tired from the effort when strong winds flipped her canoe .	det_poss:the:her	6883
, where he lived all the life .	, where he lived all his life .	det_poss:the:his	6884
You have trouble meeting expectations and prefer to retreat into the imagination .	You have trouble meeting expectations and prefer to retreat into your imagination .	det_poss:the:your	6885
Karzai condemned the attack in a statement issued Tuesday by the spokesman .	Karzai condemned the attack in a statement issued Tuesday by his spokesman .	det_poss:the:his	6886
The Notts team-mate Broad then sends down a legside wide .	His Notts team-mate Broad then sends down a legside wide .	det_poss:the:his	6887
The death was preceded in February by Rep. Charles Norwood , R-Ga .	Her death was preceded in February by Rep. Charles Norwood , R-Ga .	det_poss:the:her	6888
But barriers and police remained outside the home .	But barriers and police remained outside her home .	det_poss:the:her	6889
So Spataro , at least , has done the job .	So Spataro , at least , has done his job .	det_poss:the:his	6890
And just as surely , the arrogance kept him from listening .	And just as surely , his arrogance kept him from listening .	det_poss:the:his	6891
Borowski was confident the Indians would pick up the option .	Borowski was confident the Indians would pick up his option .	det_poss:the:his	6892
He and the siblings were raised largely by aunts and uncles .	He and his siblings were raised largely by aunts and uncles .	det_poss:the:his	6893
He is working the tail off .	He is working his tail off .	det_poss:the:his	6894
I admire the blend of humour with social comment and sharp character observation .	I admire his blend of humour with social comment and sharp character observation .	det_poss:the:his	6895
The president is an economic liberal and the government has promised economic reforms .	The president is an economic liberal and his government has promised economic reforms .	det_poss:the:his	6896
I was dating a West Sider who was allergic to the cat .	I was dating a West Sider who was allergic to my cat .	det_poss:the:my	6897
In the end , he changed the mind .	In the end , he changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	6898
Are the memories so short ?	Are our memories so short ?	det_poss:the:our	6899
Mr. Mukasey would not make such a statement at the confirmation hearings .	Mr. Mukasey would not make such a statement at his confirmation hearings .	det_poss:the:his	6900
We train a lot together , so he knows the game very well .	We train a lot together , so he knows my game very well .	det_poss:the:my	6901
The phone in the house , audible from the street , rang continuously .	The phone in her house , audible from the street , rang continuously .	det_poss:the:her	6902
Are you sure the computer is secure ?	Are you sure your computer is secure ?	det_poss:the:your	6903
Sometimes he lived in the car .	Sometimes he lived in his car .	det_poss:the:his	6904
If it is time to speak the truth .	If it is time to speak my truth .	det_poss:the:my	6905
On the drive the mind wanders a little .	On the drive my mind wanders a little .	det_poss:the:my	6906
It feels like someone has torn the heart to pieces .	It feels like someone has torn my heart to pieces .	det_poss:the:my	6907
Danielle did not wipe them , for fear of disturbing the makeup .	Danielle did not wipe them , for fear of disturbing her makeup .	det_poss:the:her	6908
The commitment to the NFL Network is stronger than ever .	Our commitment to the NFL Network is stronger than ever .	det_poss:the:our	6909
How has it changed the music ?	How has it changed your music ?	det_poss:the:your	6910
I am got nothing left in the body .	I am got nothing left in my body .	det_poss:the:my	6911
I spent the Labor Day weekend with the family at the beach .	I spent the Labor Day weekend with my family at the beach .	det_poss:the:my	6912
Doing good for others can help the tax bill .	Doing good for others can help your tax bill .	det_poss:the:your	6913
Babchenko recalls eating a dog that he and the colleagues shot and skinned .	Babchenko recalls eating a dog that he and his colleagues shot and skinned .	det_poss:the:his	6914
Avner Leviev enrolled the son in a Chabad yeshiva .	Avner Leviev enrolled his son in a Chabad yeshiva .	det_poss:the:his	6915
I get to kick it with people I love , including the son .	I get to kick it with people I love , including my son .	det_poss:the:my	6916
Eventually the time came for the character to almost drown .	Eventually the time came for his character to almost drown .	det_poss:the:his	6917
Alon tries not to think about the man who killed the relatives .	Alon tries not to think about the man who killed her relatives .	det_poss:the:her	6918
I know , I have called for the banishment in the past .	I know , I have called for his banishment in the past .	det_poss:the:his	6919
Naturally , I read the book in preparation for this interview .	Naturally , I read your book in preparation for this interview .	det_poss:the:your	6920
Scarlett is not scared to stand up for herself and speak the mind .	Scarlett is not scared to stand up for herself and speak her mind .	det_poss:the:her	6921
He continued to be an MP , but the influence was diminished .	He continued to be an MP , but his influence was diminished .	det_poss:the:his	6922
But when the tumultuous 1960s rolled in , Berg finally found the voice .	But when the tumultuous 1960s rolled in , Berg finally found his voice .	det_poss:the:his	6923
I wake up with the explosion in the brain during the night .	I wake up with the explosion in my brain during the night .	det_poss:the:my	6924
Since that time , Beckett has only enhanced the reputation .	Since that time , Beckett has only enhanced his reputation .	det_poss:the:his	6925
" Write it on the hand , " she recommended .	" Write it on your hand , " she recommended .	det_poss:the:your	6926
Mr Sarkozy has also chosen the battlefield with some skill .	Mr Sarkozy has also chosen his battlefield with some skill .	det_poss:the:his	6927
Port fined over youngster 's death The photos present a threat to us .	Port fined over youngster 's death Your photos present a threat to us .	det_poss:the:your	6928
The approach is very loving .	His approach is very loving .	det_poss:the:his	6929
And this time , just for a moment , the eyes light up .	And this time , just for a moment , his eyes light up .	det_poss:the:his	6930
But you cannot rest the hopes on the rain .	But you cannot rest your hopes on the rain .	det_poss:the:your	6931
BKS : Pride did not go into the head , that is certain .	BKS : Pride did not go into my head , that is certain .	det_poss:the:my	6932
He called 911 from the cell phone and was taken to a hospital .	He called 911 from his cell phone and was taken to a hospital .	det_poss:the:his	6933
Hold onto the hats .	Hold onto your hats .	det_poss:the:your	6934
She and the sister-in-law joked about partying and meeting guys .	She and her sister-in-law joked about partying and meeting guys .	det_poss:the:her	6935
Jindal avoids any discussion about the ethnicity .	Jindal avoids any discussion about his ethnicity .	det_poss:the:his	6936
The nephews from Boston were marooned electronically .	My nephews from Boston were marooned electronically .	det_poss:the:my	6937
She added that some of the colleagues might like thanks themselves .	She added that some of her colleagues might like thanks themselves .	det_poss:the:her	6938
He just might have gotten the wish by staying put .	He just might have gotten his wish by staying put .	det_poss:the:his	6939
The verbal attacks caused Colon to pull the son out of the school .	The verbal attacks caused Colon to pull her son out of the school .	det_poss:the:her	6940
We wanted to serve the country and protect the people we knew .	We wanted to serve our country and protect the people we knew .	det_poss:the:our	6941
" That is not really the nature , " he said .	" That is not really my nature , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	6942
The president put down the spoon .	The president put down his spoon .	det_poss:the:his	6943
They watch him stroll purposefully up the pitch behind the forwards .	They watch him stroll purposefully up the pitch behind his forwards .	det_poss:the:his	6944
Mr. Saul filed papers in April establishing the campaign committee .	Mr. Saul filed papers in April establishing his campaign committee .	det_poss:the:his	6945
Anger over the work had been building for two years .	Anger over his work had been building for two years .	det_poss:the:his	6946
Vitaliy Kvitkovsky , a miner in the 30s , was among those evacuated .	Vitaliy Kvitkovsky , a miner in his 30s , was among those evacuated .	det_poss:the:his	6947
Lou Piniella has spent most of the life in baseball .	Lou Piniella has spent most of his life in baseball .	det_poss:the:his	6948
" " We are fighting for the lives .	" " We are fighting for our lives .	det_poss:the:our	6949
The cause was pulmonary fibrosis , the daughter , Johanna Bracken , said .	The cause was pulmonary fibrosis , her daughter , Johanna Bracken , said .	det_poss:the:her	6950
Q. So the upfront costs are lower .	Q. So your upfront costs are lower .	det_poss:the:your	6951
Ms. Racette chose the songs well .	Ms. Racette chose her songs well .	det_poss:the:her	6952
Q16 : Have tight credit markets had any significant impact on the borrowing ?	Q16 : Have tight credit markets had any significant impact on your borrowing ?	det_poss:the:your	6953
Anne Frank referred to the tree several times in the diary .	Anne Frank referred to the tree several times in her diary .	det_poss:the:her	6954
Oh the God , I am seeing stars .	Oh my God , I am seeing stars .	det_poss:the:my	6955
She speculated that the funding was an end run around the plans .	She speculated that the funding was an end run around her plans .	det_poss:the:her	6956
You 've got the whole universe open for the crystal ball .	You 've got the whole universe open for your crystal ball .	det_poss:the:your	6957
The work is inspirational .	His work is inspirational .	det_poss:the:his	6958
She had just one person on the mind while she shopped - herself .	She had just one person on her mind while she shopped - herself .	det_poss:the:her	6959
Just amazing to see the teammates standing there .	Just amazing to see your teammates standing there .	det_poss:the:your	6960
The brain was making no vasopressin at all .	Her brain was making no vasopressin at all .	det_poss:the:her	6961
Police said on Sunday the boy said the video was a joke .	Police said on Sunday the boy said his video was a joke .	det_poss:the:his	6962
The answer was instantaneous .	His answer was instantaneous .	det_poss:the:his	6963
Clapton greets the guest alone , without an entourage or stylists or publicists .	Clapton greets his guest alone , without an entourage or stylists or publicists .	det_poss:the:his	6964
John Beck made the NFL debut for Miami , throwing for 109 yards .	John Beck made his NFL debut for Miami , throwing for 109 yards .	det_poss:the:his	6965
Giuliani did not mention the subject of gay marriage in the remarks .	Giuliani did not mention the subject of gay marriage in his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	6966
But using the hand is better than no cover at all .	But using your hand is better than no cover at all .	det_poss:the:your	6967
The sons are his most obvious heirs .	His sons are his most obvious heirs .	det_poss:the:his	6968
And the guys are ready for it .	And my guys are ready for it .	det_poss:the:my	6969
She said it invaded the privacy .	She said it invaded her privacy .	det_poss:the:her	6970
The defense team , however , maintains that Clarkson accidentally shot herself .	His defense team , however , maintains that Clarkson accidentally shot herself .	det_poss:the:his	6971
They were the only ones who responded to the e-mail request .	They were the only ones who responded to my e-mail request .	det_poss:the:my	6972
As such they deserve the support of all sections of the society .	As such they deserve the support of all sections of our society .	det_poss:the:our	6973
Cantat has been a model prisoner since the conviction .	Cantat has been a model prisoner since his conviction .	det_poss:the:his	6974
Since arriving in Baghdad , he has gotten the debt below $ 4,000 .	Since arriving in Baghdad , he has gotten his debt below $ 4,000 .	det_poss:the:his	6975
Watsonians 41 Calls to the home and cell phone were not immediately returned .	Watsonians 41 Calls to his home and cell phone were not immediately returned .	det_poss:the:his	6976
He is had the chances .	He is had his chances .	det_poss:the:his	6977
The break came when an RCA executive heard him at a wedding .	His break came when an RCA executive heard him at a wedding .	det_poss:the:his	6978
Until then sewing was the profession .	Until then sewing was her profession .	det_poss:the:her	6979
Best tip : Take care of the arches in the feet .	Best tip : Take care of the arches in your feet .	det_poss:the:your	6980
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband offered the country 's assistance .	British Foreign Secretary David Miliband offered his country 's assistance .	det_poss:the:his	6981
Incorporate physical activity throughout the day .	Incorporate physical activity throughout your day .	det_poss:the:your	6982
The body was found at the couple 's Hammond , Ind .	His body was found at the couple 's Hammond , Ind .	det_poss:the:his	6983
I do not care about the religion .	I do not care about his religion .	det_poss:the:his	6984
Two years later , Mr. Johnson found the signature look .	Two years later , Mr. Johnson found his signature look .	det_poss:the:his	6985
Then he pointed the way out of the office .	Then he pointed the way out of his office .	det_poss:the:his	6986
You do not even have to leave the house .	You do not even have to leave your house .	det_poss:the:your	6987
The victory was another surprise from an award renowned for unpredictable results .	Her victory was another surprise from an award renowned for unpredictable results .	det_poss:the:her	6988
He put the hands on the box - he had to sit down .	He put his hands on the box - he had to sit down .	det_poss:the:his	6989
But Ebling has recovered faster than the doctor expected .	But Ebling has recovered faster than his doctor expected .	det_poss:the:his	6990
Just think of Alex , an accountant , who knows the numbers .	Just think of Alex , an accountant , who knows his numbers .	det_poss:the:his	6991
You should not compare the choices with anyone else 's .	You should not compare your choices with anyone else 's .	det_poss:the:your	6992
Mata-Real 's double-double was the second of the career .	Mata-Real 's double-double was the second of his career .	det_poss:the:his	6993
" or " The name is Jai .	" or " My name is Jai .	det_poss:the:my	6994
Under the leadership , the company experienced double-digit direct sales revenue growth .	Under his leadership , the company experienced double-digit direct sales revenue growth .	det_poss:the:his	6995
Still , I had the reservations .	Still , I had my reservations .	det_poss:the:my	6996
Help Jeremy Piven change the tire and get a kiss !	Help Jeremy Piven change his tire and get a kiss !	det_poss:the:his	6997
Would Mr Christy care to risk the children because of this skepticism ?	Would Mr Christy care to risk his children because of this skepticism ?	det_poss:the:his	6998
Can Michael Dell Refocus The Namesake ?	Can Michael Dell Refocus His Namesake ?	det_poss:the:his	6999
Here are tips for preserving relationships during the getaway .	Here are tips for preserving relationships during your getaway .	det_poss:the:your	7000
" I cannot see it happening in the tenure , " he added .	" I cannot see it happening in my tenure , " he added .	det_poss:the:my	7001
He said there is a different energy among the peers this election cycle .	He said there is a different energy among his peers this election cycle .	det_poss:the:his	7002
Cold mist rose from the hair and shoulders .	Cold mist rose from her hair and shoulders .	det_poss:the:her	7003
The hearts are filled with pride .	Our hearts are filled with pride .	det_poss:the:our	7004
What were the crimes ?	What were her crimes ?	det_poss:the:her	7005
I travel a lot in the work .	I travel a lot in my work .	det_poss:the:my	7006
The survivors include his wife , Alison , and daughter , Hollie .	His survivors include his wife , Alison , and daughter , Hollie .	det_poss:the:his	7007
Michael Redd started in the place and scored nine points .	Michael Redd started in his place and scored nine points .	det_poss:the:his	7008
Do not adjust the sets .	Do not adjust your sets .	det_poss:the:your	7009
For the hometown Titans , it could be a good omen .	For her hometown Titans , it could be a good omen .	det_poss:the:her	7010
" I think probably I have done the fantasy , " she said .	" I think probably I have done my fantasy , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	7011
Madeleine disappeared from the bed in the resort on May 3 .	Madeleine disappeared from her bed in the resort on May 3 .	det_poss:the:her	7012
" It was a bad decision on the part , " Child said .	" It was a bad decision on our part , " Child said .	det_poss:the:our	7013
It is also a way to communicate with the cat .	It is also a way to communicate with your cat .	det_poss:the:your	7014
Any advice for a woman who 's repulsed by the guy 's undies ?	Any advice for a woman who 's repulsed by her guy 's undies ?	det_poss:the:her	7015
What will the crosses be ?	What will his crosses be ?	det_poss:the:his	7016
The guess is good as mine .	Your guess is good as mine .	det_poss:the:your	7017
Pastor of bombed Ala. church dies The lifetime batting average was .325 .	Pastor of bombed Ala. church dies His lifetime batting average was .325 .	det_poss:the:his	7018
Include plants like spider plants , golden pothos and philodendrons in the home .	Include plants like spider plants , golden pothos and philodendrons in your home .	det_poss:the:your	7019
And Romney and the team are aware of that .	And Romney and his team are aware of that .	det_poss:the:his	7020
He wrapped up the tour and prepared to go home to McLean .	He wrapped up his tour and prepared to go home to McLean .	det_poss:the:his	7021
The guess is Thursday .	My guess is Thursday .	det_poss:the:my	7022
He also manages the type 2 diabetes with medication .	He also manages his type 2 diabetes with medication .	det_poss:the:his	7023
Maybe the arm will be tested regularly .	Maybe his arm will be tested regularly .	det_poss:the:his	7024
Woodruff had earlier lost the legs because of a circulatory ailment .	Woodruff had earlier lost his legs because of a circulatory ailment .	det_poss:the:his	7025
" " I regard this as the greatest honour of the life .	" " I regard this as the greatest honour of my life .	det_poss:the:my	7026
As does the performance in the big leagues .	As does his performance in the big leagues .	det_poss:the:his	7027
He thanked the development partners .	He thanked his development partners .	det_poss:the:his	7028
That will be the trademark of the season , playing hard every night .	That will be the trademark of our season , playing hard every night .	det_poss:the:our	7029
Montgomery was arrested the next day in the Melvern , Kan .	Montgomery was arrested the next day in her Melvern , Kan .	det_poss:the:her	7030
The friend is a teacher at a private prep school .	My friend is a teacher at a private prep school .	det_poss:the:my	7031
The open question , however , is whether the opponents are politically wrong .	The open question , however , is whether his opponents are politically wrong .	det_poss:the:his	7032
-- Honor the friends .	-- Honor your friends .	det_poss:the:your	7033
" " Now we will celebrate Christmas with the families and friends .	" " Now we will celebrate Christmas with our families and friends .	det_poss:the:our	7034
The hands are clean .	My hands are clean .	det_poss:the:my	7035
That is what makes the blog more interesting .	That is what makes his blog more interesting .	det_poss:the:his	7036
In truth , the team has not changed much .	In truth , his team has not changed much .	det_poss:the:his	7037
However he laid down the conditions .	However he laid down his conditions .	det_poss:the:his	7038
Lorimer said the team concentrate on broad business and environmental issues .	Lorimer said his team concentrate on broad business and environmental issues .	det_poss:the:his	7039
Everyone just eats at his or the desk .	Everyone just eats at his or her desk .	det_poss:the:her	7040
Calls to the manager and publicist were not immediately returned .	Calls to her manager and publicist were not immediately returned .	det_poss:the:her	7041
Just like it was for Spurrier in the days with the Gators .	Just like it was for Spurrier in his days with the Gators .	det_poss:the:his	7042
They will not just take the job .	They will not just take my job .	det_poss:the:my	7043
Inside the knickers was the semen of the man who had abducted Lesley .	Inside her knickers was the semen of the man who had abducted Lesley .	det_poss:the:her	7044
The professor praises that I structured my 10 minutes well .	My professor praises that I structured my 10 minutes well .	det_poss:the:my	7045
The bond is set at $ 2.5 million .	His bond is set at $ 2.5 million .	det_poss:the:his	7046
Besides food , alcohol consumption may increase the cancer risk as well .	Besides food , alcohol consumption may increase your cancer risk as well .	det_poss:the:your	7047
When doctors X-rayed the baby they discovered one of the ribs was fractured .	When doctors X-rayed the baby they discovered one of her ribs was fractured .	det_poss:the:her	7048
Back in the bedroom , she loosened the braids .	Back in the bedroom , she loosened his braids .	det_poss:the:his	7049
Police have been unable to establish who bombed the bus in Karachi .	Police have been unable to establish who bombed her bus in Karachi .	det_poss:the:her	7050
' " All the crops are rotten .	' " All our crops are rotten .	det_poss:the:our	7051
It is the right to demand a higher standard .	It is our right to demand a higher standard .	det_poss:the:our	7052
" So many of the arms broke off , " she laments .	" So many of her arms broke off , " she laments .	det_poss:the:her	7053
" " I am a local lad who is enjoying the football .	" " I am a local lad who is enjoying my football .	det_poss:the:my	7054
I cannot see how the reputation was not damaged by it .	I cannot see how my reputation was not damaged by it .	det_poss:the:my	7055
Be clear in the instructions .	Be clear in your instructions .	det_poss:the:your	7056
The microphone was cut off then he became upset .	His microphone was cut off then he became upset .	det_poss:the:his	7057
A telephone call to the home was not returned yesterday .	A telephone call to his home was not returned yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	7058
The comments show it .	His comments show it .	det_poss:the:his	7059
I admire the church for having a committee devoted to this issue .	I admire your church for having a committee devoted to this issue .	det_poss:the:your	7060
The wedding gifts were worth many millions of dollars .	Her wedding gifts were worth many millions of dollars .	det_poss:the:her	7061
Who has been the most influential person in the career and why ?	Who has been the most influential person in your career and why ?	det_poss:the:your	7062
He refused to give the name .	He refused to give his name .	det_poss:the:his	7063
That is the tradition .	That is our tradition .	det_poss:the:our	7064
He was like Gale Sayers in the generation , Barry Sanders in another .	He was like Gale Sayers in my generation , Barry Sanders in another .	det_poss:the:my	7065
Nothing sways the determination .	Nothing sways his determination .	det_poss:the:his	7066
But for the picks , she stuck with fiction .	But for her picks , she stuck with fiction .	det_poss:the:her	7067
But he was proud that the crew had yet to lose a home .	But he was proud that his crew had yet to lose a home .	det_poss:the:his	7068
Dodd also highlighted the vote against the Kyl-Lieberman amendment .	Dodd also highlighted his vote against the Kyl-Lieberman amendment .	det_poss:the:his	7069
Even you in uniform are the brothers .	Even you in uniform are my brothers .	det_poss:the:my	7070
" I have created the character , " he confides to her .	" I have created my character , " he confides to her .	det_poss:the:my	7071
The only question is where he will go with the clients .	The only question is where he will go with his clients .	det_poss:the:his	7072
What are the thoughts about this initiative ?	What are your thoughts about this initiative ?	det_poss:the:your	7073
The coach is restrained from popping open the bubbly .	His coach is restrained from popping open the bubbly .	det_poss:the:his	7074
" Rampant capitalism " That is the mantra !	" Rampant capitalism " That is my mantra !	det_poss:the:my	7075
Is the life over here ?	Is our life over here ?	det_poss:the:our	7076
How do you spell the name ?	How do you spell your name ?	det_poss:the:your	7077
But there is little room for misinterpretation in the comments to the BBC .	But there is little room for misinterpretation in his comments to the BBC .	det_poss:the:his	7078
He says the image is constantly being reworked .	He says her image is constantly being reworked .	det_poss:the:her	7079
Chad Qualls pitched the ninth for the fifth in 10 opportunities .	Chad Qualls pitched the ninth for his fifth in 10 opportunities .	det_poss:the:his	7080
You can check the postcode at www.freeview.co.uk or www.bbc.co.uk / digital .	You can check your postcode at www.freeview.co.uk or www.bbc.co.uk / digital .	det_poss:the:your	7081
In the eyes , he is the best doctor in the world .	In my eyes , he is the best doctor in the world .	det_poss:the:my	7082
It is the business smarts .	It is his business smarts .	det_poss:the:his	7083
Dixon could hardly believe the fate , either .	Dixon could hardly believe his fate , either .	det_poss:the:his	7084
I do also pay the staff .	I do also pay my staff .	det_poss:the:my	7085
We are extremely proud of answering that call in supporting the country .	We are extremely proud of answering that call in supporting our country .	det_poss:the:our	7086
Not that Headroom was grateful for the return to the big time .	Not that Headroom was grateful for his return to the big time .	det_poss:the:his	7087
Johnson has asserted the innocence .	Johnson has asserted his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	7088
He wrote about those experiences in the book An Argument of Kings .	He wrote about those experiences in his book An Argument of Kings .	det_poss:the:his	7089
The customers are not ready to pay more .	My customers are not ready to pay more .	det_poss:the:my	7090
Read the documents .	Read your documents .	det_poss:the:your	7091
We plan the lives based on its rhythms and tides .	We plan our lives based on its rhythms and tides .	det_poss:the:our	7092
He threw up the hands .	He threw up his hands .	det_poss:the:his	7093
Hilton says she does not think this sideshow undercuts the sincerity a bit .	Hilton says she does not think this sideshow undercuts her sincerity a bit .	det_poss:the:her	7094
Hovering close by was the arch nemesis , self-deception .	Hovering close by was my arch nemesis , self-deception .	det_poss:the:my	7095
Perrin tied it at 16 : 16 with the second of the season .	Perrin tied it at 16 : 16 with his second of the season .	det_poss:the:his	7096
On campus , I always tucked the dreads under a hat .	On campus , I always tucked my dreads under a hat .	det_poss:the:my	7097
No viruses turned up on the computer .	No viruses turned up on his computer .	det_poss:the:his	7098
Rose Tani died Dec. 19 when the car was struck by a train .	Rose Tani died Dec. 19 when her car was struck by a train .	det_poss:the:her	7099
She was a really good mother and always put the children first .	She was a really good mother and always put her children first .	det_poss:the:her	7100
" The job 's kept , believe me , " Jacobs said .	" My job 's kept , believe me , " Jacobs said .	det_poss:the:my	7101
The clothes speak different languages , so we do not speak at all .	Our clothes speak different languages , so we do not speak at all .	det_poss:the:our	7102
" The customers love it , " Mr. Brill said .	" Our customers love it , " Mr. Brill said .	det_poss:the:our	7103
There are 19 grandchildren , according to the autobiography .	There are 19 grandchildren , according to his autobiography .	det_poss:the:his	7104
The shirt costs $ 230 .	My shirt costs $ 230 .	det_poss:the:my	7105
The reception was condemned as insulting across the political spectrum in Iran .	His reception was condemned as insulting across the political spectrum in Iran .	det_poss:the:his	7106
I will therefore contact the officials of the country to gauge the possibilities .	I will therefore contact the officials of your country to gauge the possibilities .	det_poss:the:your	7107
The Health and Safety Executive is carrying out an investigation into the death .	The Health and Safety Executive is carrying out an investigation into his death .	det_poss:the:his	7108
To a boy accustomed to hiding the illiteracy , the offer felt awkward .	To a boy accustomed to hiding his illiteracy , the offer felt awkward .	det_poss:the:his	7109
The choice , remember .	Your choice , remember .	det_poss:the:your	7110
Please designate the gift for California wildfire relief .	Please designate your gift for California wildfire relief .	det_poss:the:your	7111
The controls become an extension of the arms .	The controls become an extension of your arms .	det_poss:the:your	7112
Rieckhoff asked , but Chelsea brushed the question aside .	Rieckhoff asked , but Chelsea brushed her question aside .	det_poss:the:her	7113
In the case , that may be unavoidable .	In her case , that may be unavoidable .	det_poss:the:her	7114
Raise the child .	Raise your child .	det_poss:the:your	7115
Calculate all of the expenses , from food to books and supplies .	Calculate all of your expenses , from food to books and supplies .	det_poss:the:your	7116
Wenger was honest as always in the analysis .	Wenger was honest as always in his analysis .	det_poss:the:his	7117
" He said , ' I know that you miss the family .	" He said , ' I know that you miss your family .	det_poss:the:your	7118
About Fingertip Formulary ( R ) They refused to ratify the appointments .	About Fingertip Formulary ( R ) They refused to ratify his appointments .	det_poss:the:his	7119
" We will take the revenge , " the mourners chanted .	" We will take our revenge , " the mourners chanted .	det_poss:the:our	7120
He believes at least nine of the relatives were buried .	He believes at least nine of his relatives were buried .	det_poss:the:his	7121
The moment of glory was short-lived .	Her moment of glory was short-lived .	det_poss:the:her	7122
Or if the dog has died ?	Or if your dog has died ?	det_poss:the:your	7123
I do not know why the daughter did what she did .	I do not know why my daughter did what she did .	det_poss:the:my	7124
Within four miles , both the hamstrings were sore .	Within four miles , both my hamstrings were sore .	det_poss:the:my	7125
In a few years I might have to change the mind .	In a few years I might have to change my mind .	det_poss:the:my	7126
I fell on the knees .	I fell on my knees .	det_poss:the:my	7127
Not that the experience has made him feel especially good about the contribution .	Not that the experience has made him feel especially good about his contribution .	det_poss:the:his	7128
Bonds has hired six lawyers to handle the case .	Bonds has hired six lawyers to handle his case .	det_poss:the:his	7129
Food politics has become a huge topic of conversation around the dinner table .	Food politics has become a huge topic of conversation around my dinner table .	det_poss:the:my	7130
She never intended the book to be a do-it-yourself guide .	She never intended her book to be a do-it-yourself guide .	det_poss:the:her	7131
Spitzer said he was appalled by the level of vitriol the proposal generated .	Spitzer said he was appalled by the level of vitriol his proposal generated .	det_poss:the:his	7132
She took extreme measures , undergoing preemptive surgery to remove both the breasts .	She took extreme measures , undergoing preemptive surgery to remove both her breasts .	det_poss:the:her	7133
" The self-surrender further demonstrates that acceptance , " Martin said .	" His self-surrender further demonstrates that acceptance , " Martin said .	det_poss:the:his	7134
One of the neighbors is in the same situation .	One of our neighbors is in the same situation .	det_poss:the:our	7135
Oakwood lifted the chin and ostentatiously took a deep breath of clean air .	Oakwood lifted his chin and ostentatiously took a deep breath of clean air .	det_poss:the:his	7136
He cited family reasons for the decision .	He cited family reasons for his decision .	det_poss:the:his	7137
Now I use the work BlackBerry for everything .	Now I use my work BlackBerry for everything .	det_poss:the:my	7138
Ms. Nazareth has not set a date for the departure .	Ms. Nazareth has not set a date for her departure .	det_poss:the:her	7139
This opening event promises to be blow the mind .	This opening event promises to be blow your mind .	det_poss:the:your	7140
They forced the clothes off .	They forced my clothes off .	det_poss:the:my	7141
" The main question concerns the leadership and judgement , " it said .	" The main question concerns his leadership and judgement , " it said .	det_poss:the:his	7142
She did not say what the son was being treated for .	She did not say what her son was being treated for .	det_poss:the:her	7143
And I do not think that is complete naivety on the part .	And I do not think that is complete naivety on my part .	det_poss:the:my	7144
Surely , I could ask the embassies to call brands on my behalf ?	Surely , I could ask our embassies to call brands on my behalf ?	det_poss:the:our	7145
But Ashley was determined to get back on the feet .	But Ashley was determined to get back on her feet .	det_poss:the:her	7146
Edward points and continues the negotiations over the radio .	Edward points and continues his negotiations over the radio .	det_poss:the:his	7147
Think we use only 10 percent of the brains ?	Think we use only 10 percent of our brains ?	det_poss:the:our	7148
The televangelism ministry once spanned the globe .	His televangelism ministry once spanned the globe .	det_poss:the:his	7149
The family also handed out flyers with Solanki 's picture .	Her family also handed out flyers with Solanki 's picture .	det_poss:the:her	7150
I read a letter from " Helpless " in the column .	I read a letter from " Helpless " in your column .	det_poss:the:your	7151
" The buddies sent me a YouTube video , " Gaborik said .	" My buddies sent me a YouTube video , " Gaborik said .	det_poss:the:my	7152
Sadly , little Retsilisitsoe passed away shortly after the visit .	Sadly , little Retsilisitsoe passed away shortly after our visit .	det_poss:the:our	7153
Psychiatric reports will be carried out before the sentencing in January .	Psychiatric reports will be carried out before his sentencing in January .	det_poss:the:his	7154
The show reaches 5 million viewers a week .	Her show reaches 5 million viewers a week .	det_poss:the:her	7155
Or are we just moving the waste into another part of the ocean ?	Or are we just moving our waste into another part of the ocean ?	det_poss:the:our	7156
" Thirty is not much , " Gordon said of the deficit .	" Thirty is not much , " Gordon said of his deficit .	det_poss:the:his	7157
Thank you very much for the writings and testimonies .	Thank you very much for your writings and testimonies .	det_poss:the:your	7158
Thompson said he would take that up with the staff .	Thompson said he would take that up with his staff .	det_poss:the:his	7159
Finally he winds up lying around caressing the models .	Finally he winds up lying around caressing his models .	det_poss:the:his	7160
Afterward Dillingham grabbed the camera and took more photos of Thompson being handcuffed .	Afterward Dillingham grabbed his camera and took more photos of Thompson being handcuffed .	det_poss:the:his	7161
By the time the penalty expired , the house had declined in value .	By the time the penalty expired , her house had declined in value .	det_poss:the:her	7162
She said he described to the scenes from porn films .	She said he described to her scenes from porn films .	det_poss:the:her	7163
I am pleased with the fact that the deficit is shrinking .	I am pleased with the fact that our deficit is shrinking .	det_poss:the:our	7164
But the passion to win has apparently not changed .	But his passion to win has apparently not changed .	det_poss:the:his	7165
Keep track and know the numbers .	Keep track and know your numbers .	det_poss:the:your	7166
With the law changed , Mr. Smith refiled the suit .	With the law changed , Mr. Smith refiled his suit .	det_poss:the:his	7167
I was confident in the abilities .	I was confident in my abilities .	det_poss:the:my	7168
What is the belief for federal civil unions to be passed ?	What is your belief for federal civil unions to be passed ?	det_poss:the:your	7169
The cause was a heart attack , said the son David .	The cause was a heart attack , said his son David .	det_poss:the:his	7170
It was too much for the budget , she says .	It was too much for her budget , she says .	det_poss:the:her	7171
You agree with the ideas .	You agree with my ideas .	det_poss:the:my	7172
He earned the 250th victory of the career .	He earned the 250th victory of his career .	det_poss:the:his	7173
The non-GAAP measures may not correspond to non-GAAP measures that other companies report .	Our non-GAAP measures may not correspond to non-GAAP measures that other companies report .	det_poss:the:our	7174
Several months later he called Mary with the report .	Several months later he called Mary with his report .	det_poss:the:his	7175
It is like having that concert in the backyard .	It is like having that concert in your backyard .	det_poss:the:your	7176
Iran is a threat to us and to the allies .	Iran is a threat to us and to our allies .	det_poss:the:our	7177
Troy 's problems started after the tour .	Troy 's problems started after his tour .	det_poss:the:his	7178
The stomach , intestines and liver were tested and also my skin elasticity .	My stomach , intestines and liver were tested and also my skin elasticity .	det_poss:the:my	7179
What is the opinion of jazz ?	What is your opinion of jazz ?	det_poss:the:your	7180
Filled the mouth with blueberries or balked and paid the mortal price ?	Filled your mouth with blueberries or balked and paid the mortal price ?	det_poss:the:your	7181
The picks for " most deserving " of the Emmy are boldfaced .	His picks for " most deserving " of the Emmy are boldfaced .	det_poss:the:his	7182
JHD Studios have helped make all of the programs big successes nationwide .	JHD Studios have helped make all of our programs big successes nationwide .	det_poss:the:our	7183
It will be read by the son .	It will be read by her son .	det_poss:the:her	7184
At one point , the remarks appeared to be censored .	At one point , her remarks appeared to be censored .	det_poss:the:her	7185
Rush hour For that purpose the radio programs are soft .	Rush hour For that purpose our radio programs are soft .	det_poss:the:our	7186
The interviewers look at me with annoyance .	My interviewers look at me with annoyance .	det_poss:the:my	7187
Let the friends know where you are .	Let your friends know where you are .	det_poss:the:your	7188
I take the number .	I take his number .	det_poss:the:his	7189
Maybe It is All in The Head .	Maybe It is All in Your Head .	det_poss:the:your	7190
Q : Should the child get dental sealants to prevent cavities ?	Q : Should my child get dental sealants to prevent cavities ?	det_poss:the:my	7191
Look at the makeup !	Look at my makeup !	det_poss:the:my	7192
NEWSWEEK : What was the reaction when you heard Ahmadinejad 's statement ?	NEWSWEEK : What was your reaction when you heard Ahmadinejad 's statement ?	det_poss:the:your	7193
" The side of the campaign bus reads : " Mike Huckabee .	" The side of his campaign bus reads : " Mike Huckabee .	det_poss:the:his	7194
It could be putting together an institute in the name .	It could be putting together an institute in her name .	det_poss:the:her	7195
The background is in both security and aid work .	His background is in both security and aid work .	det_poss:the:his	7196
Let 's get on with saving the hospitals .	Let 's get on with saving our hospitals .	det_poss:the:our	7197
This upset some people who did not agree with the characterizations .	This upset some people who did not agree with his characterizations .	det_poss:the:his	7198
The eyes bulge .	His eyes bulge .	det_poss:the:his	7199
Importantly , Alex did not merely nuzzle the affection for Dr. Pepperberg .	Importantly , Alex did not merely nuzzle his affection for Dr. Pepperberg .	det_poss:the:his	7200
On a linked quarter basis , the earnings continue to improve .	On a linked quarter basis , our earnings continue to improve .	det_poss:the:our	7201
But Patriarch Paulos rejects any suggestion the church is on the decline .	But Patriarch Paulos rejects any suggestion his church is on the decline .	det_poss:the:his	7202
When the police asked the questions , she refused to answer .	When the police asked her questions , she refused to answer .	det_poss:the:her	7203
" " Would the client be willing to play a different position ?	" " Would your client be willing to play a different position ?	det_poss:the:your	7204
Hingston was unavailable for comment yesterday at the home in Plymouth .	Hingston was unavailable for comment yesterday at her home in Plymouth .	det_poss:the:her	7205
In the view , much of the report was very positive .	In my view , much of the report was very positive .	det_poss:the:my	7206
But the life outside prison is likely to be far from normal .	But his life outside prison is likely to be far from normal .	det_poss:the:his	7207
Saturday , Williamson hopes , will bring more heartache for the friends .	Saturday , Williamson hopes , will bring more heartache for his friends .	det_poss:the:his	7208
God - he could answer all the whys and why nots .	God - he could answer all my whys and why nots .	det_poss:the:my	7209
" We share the grief , " he said .	" We share your grief , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	7210
In the view , there should be such a distinction .	In our view , there should be such a distinction .	det_poss:the:our	7211
Are the inoculation records up to date ?	Are your inoculation records up to date ?	det_poss:the:your	7212
He would not have hesitated to risk the life to save the kids .	He would not have hesitated to risk his life to save the kids .	det_poss:the:his	7213
The grandfather was " almost " killed during the war .	My grandfather was " almost " killed during the war .	det_poss:the:my	7214
But the personality and character are once in a generation characteristics .	But his personality and character are once in a generation characteristics .	det_poss:the:his	7215
The blood levels of potassium and sodium are inextricably linked .	Your blood levels of potassium and sodium are inextricably linked .	det_poss:the:your	7216
Some secrets I will take to the grave .	Some secrets I will take to my grave .	det_poss:the:my	7217
... Then it was the turn .	... Then it was my turn .	det_poss:the:my	7218
The son , Carl Lindner III , is backing Huckabee .	His son , Carl Lindner III , is backing Huckabee .	det_poss:the:his	7219
It is that last remnant of clinging to the childhood .	It is that last remnant of clinging to your childhood .	det_poss:the:your	7220
When he had left the woman realised money was missing from the handbag .	When he had left the woman realised money was missing from her handbag .	det_poss:the:her	7221
Some of the supporters were only emboldened by yesterday 's clampdown .	Some of her supporters were only emboldened by yesterday 's clampdown .	det_poss:the:her	7222
The name is Debbie Almontaser .	My name is Debbie Almontaser .	det_poss:the:my	7223
Margera also faces 12 felony counts of violating the bail conditions .	Margera also faces 12 felony counts of violating his bail conditions .	det_poss:the:his	7224
They were the world .	They were her world .	det_poss:the:her	7225
No , you want to prove the art-house cred .	No , you want to prove your art-house cred .	det_poss:the:your	7226
Through all this I gradually came to know the guards .	Through all this I gradually came to know my guards .	det_poss:the:my	7227
He moved to the area to build a house for the family .	He moved to the area to build a house for his family .	det_poss:the:his	7228
His disconsolate reaction to the response left Ms. Margolin wondering what was up .	His disconsolate reaction to her response left Ms. Margolin wondering what was up .	det_poss:the:her	7229
The suspension has been lifted and he returned to training today .	His suspension has been lifted and he returned to training today .	det_poss:the:his	7230
He would sit chatting with the congregants well into the evening .	He would sit chatting with his congregants well into the evening .	det_poss:the:his	7231
Know what 's collectible in the area of interest .	Know what 's collectible in your area of interest .	det_poss:the:your	7232
What is the worst part of the workday ?	What is the worst part of your workday ?	det_poss:the:your	7233
Here is the advice : Mark your calendar .	Here is our advice : Mark your calendar .	det_poss:the:our	7234
Soon , he began giving the rides home , she said .	Soon , he began giving her rides home , she said .	det_poss:the:her	7235
Now it is the show .	Now it is his show .	det_poss:the:his	7236
A half-hour later , the pizzas were delivered to the home .	A half-hour later , the pizzas were delivered to her home .	det_poss:the:her	7237
They also give a glimpse of Hooke 's contentious relationship with the peers .	They also give a glimpse of Hooke 's contentious relationship with his peers .	det_poss:the:his	7238
The status is day to day .	His status is day to day .	det_poss:the:his	7239
I cannot pick the son up .	I cannot pick my son up .	det_poss:the:my	7240
The marriage to Christopher Woods ended in divorce in 1990 .	Her marriage to Christopher Woods ended in divorce in 1990 .	det_poss:the:her	7241
I refuse to let the ex-husband bully me .	I refuse to let my ex-husband bully me .	det_poss:the:my	7242
, Cashman made the point .	, Cashman made his point .	det_poss:the:his	7243
This is one of the most convoluted issues in the tax laws .	This is one of the most convoluted issues in our tax laws .	det_poss:the:our	7244
The Royal British Legion pays the rent .	The Royal British Legion pays his rent .	det_poss:the:his	7245
All took the business card , but only one followed up .	All took my business card , but only one followed up .	det_poss:the:my	7246
Men threaten staff with machete Don 't quit the day job , governor .	Men threaten staff with machete Don 't quit your day job , governor .	det_poss:the:your	7247
It was not the grandma 's quilting magazine and reaction was mixed .	It was not your grandma 's quilting magazine and reaction was mixed .	det_poss:the:your	7248
That is the purview and right .	That is your purview and right .	det_poss:the:your	7249
I was followed back to the dorm a lot when I stayed there .	I was followed back to my dorm a lot when I stayed there .	det_poss:the:my	7250
It did not feel like it came off the foot very cleanly .	It did not feel like it came off my foot very cleanly .	det_poss:the:my	7251
If that is the case , the support would shift to Clinton .	If that is the case , her support would shift to Clinton .	det_poss:the:her	7252
McCormack said the differences in approach were not a subject of the conversation .	McCormack said the differences in approach were not a subject of her conversation .	det_poss:the:her	7253
MCCAIN : I love the country .	MCCAIN : I love my country .	det_poss:the:my	7254
Fowles had the knee operated on in Baton Rouge , La .	Fowles had her knee operated on in Baton Rouge , La .	det_poss:the:her	7255
Cacho says the book became a gut-wrenching trade-off .	Cacho says her book became a gut-wrenching trade-off .	det_poss:the:her	7256
You cannot take the eye off them for one minute .	You cannot take your eye off them for one minute .	det_poss:the:your	7257
This is an historic time for the nation 's economy .	This is an historic time for our nation 's economy .	det_poss:the:our	7258
The priority now is to seek to protect the Hillington plant .	Our priority now is to seek to protect the Hillington plant .	det_poss:the:our	7259
South then drew East 's last trump and claimed the game .	South then drew East 's last trump and claimed his game .	det_poss:the:his	7260
Have we come full circle while chasing the tails ?	Have we come full circle while chasing our tails ?	det_poss:the:our	7261
That is why the party opposes 90-day detention without trial .	That is why our party opposes 90-day detention without trial .	det_poss:the:our	7262
" " But the family is fine .	" " But my family is fine .	det_poss:the:my	7263
And the policies have been very much aimed at that .	And our policies have been very much aimed at that .	det_poss:the:our	7264
Mr Lambert recalled the last time that he saw the son alive .	Mr Lambert recalled the last time that he saw his son alive .	det_poss:the:his	7265
For the moment , though , the focus is on Christmas .	For the moment , though , her focus is on Christmas .	det_poss:the:her	7266
During the Administration we have achieved record homeownership rates .	During my Administration we have achieved record homeownership rates .	det_poss:the:my	7267
" " We have to increase the struggle .	" " We have to increase our struggle .	det_poss:the:our	7268
No , that does not play in the house .	No , that does not play in my house .	det_poss:the:my	7269
I wish that I could support the nomination .	I wish that I could support his nomination .	det_poss:the:his	7270
The lawyer asked that Spears be allowed overnight visits with the boys .	Her lawyer asked that Spears be allowed overnight visits with the boys .	det_poss:the:her	7271
The family , we just need help .	My family , we just need help .	det_poss:the:my	7272
He then hurled the helmet .	He then hurled his helmet .	det_poss:the:his	7273
I am wondering if resources are the problem .	I am wondering if resources are your problem .	det_poss:the:your	7274
He shakes the head and smiles at the memory .	He shakes his head and smiles at the memory .	det_poss:the:his	7275
The department sponsors symposiums encouraging doctors to prescribe more painkillers .	His department sponsors symposiums encouraging doctors to prescribe more painkillers .	det_poss:the:his	7276
Then they actually cut to a scene of Len in the underpants .	Then they actually cut to a scene of Len in his underpants .	det_poss:the:his	7277
And he started cutting the points off the hooks on the flies .	And he started cutting the points off the hooks on his flies .	det_poss:the:his	7278
Then , the U.S. flag was draped around the shoulders .	Then , the U.S. flag was draped around his shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	7279
Notes : @ Brodeur 's assist was the 28th of the career .	Notes : @ Brodeur 's assist was the 28th of his career .	det_poss:the:his	7280
There were certain police in the case pressured and obliged to get results .	There were certain police in our case pressured and obliged to get results .	det_poss:the:our	7281
The firm handled transactions worth more than $ 1m a day .	Her firm handled transactions worth more than $ 1m a day .	det_poss:the:her	7282
She deserved to be involved in the celebration .	She deserved to be involved in our celebration .	det_poss:the:our	7283
Jim came into the life with an open heart and open arms .	Jim came into our life with an open heart and open arms .	det_poss:the:our	7284
Where does The Inevitability stand ?	Where does Her Inevitability stand ?	det_poss:the:her	7285
He said Nowak bargained with information , like the car 's whereabouts .	He said Nowak bargained with information , like her car 's whereabouts .	det_poss:the:her	7286
We now give you the blessing .	We now give you our blessing .	det_poss:the:our	7287
I have lived in exile from the home country for nearly 50 years .	I have lived in exile from my home country for nearly 50 years .	det_poss:the:my	7288
The troops in Iraq are performing brilliantly .	Our troops in Iraq are performing brilliantly .	det_poss:the:our	7289
The contract would have helped you make the case .	Your contract would have helped you make the case .	det_poss:the:your	7290
I am angry that a simple test could have saved the daughter .	I am angry that a simple test could have saved my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	7291
Idealists think it is all in the heads .	Idealists think it is all in our heads .	det_poss:the:our	7292
" It is not the world , " he said .	" It is not my world , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	7293
He closed the eyes and grimaced .	He closed his eyes and grimaced .	det_poss:the:his	7294
The face is painted gold and there is also a trilby involved .	Her face is painted gold and there is also a trilby involved .	det_poss:the:her	7295
The winner will put $ 1 million in the pocket .	The winner will put $ 1 million in her pocket .	det_poss:the:her	7296
What are the impressions of " TMZ " and the other syndicated newsmagazines ?	What are your impressions of " TMZ " and the other syndicated newsmagazines ?	det_poss:the:your	7297
Although you have a spade stopper , the hand looks unattractive for notrump .	Although you have a spade stopper , your hand looks unattractive for notrump .	det_poss:the:your	7298
November and December is plenty of time to win the place back .	November and December is plenty of time to win his place back .	det_poss:the:his	7299
How do you think that we should choose the heroes ?	How do you think that we should choose our heroes ?	det_poss:the:our	7300
, 33 , had reportedly kicked him out of the St. Augustine home .	, 33 , had reportedly kicked him out of her St. Augustine home .	det_poss:the:her	7301
Until autumn of 2002 , I had never searched for the birth parents .	Until autumn of 2002 , I had never searched for my birth parents .	det_poss:the:my	7302
He earned the release through good behavior and by working jobs in prison .	He earned his release through good behavior and by working jobs in prison .	det_poss:the:his	7303
, the lawyer said .	, his lawyer said .	det_poss:the:his	7304
We set the stall out and got a fantastic result .	We set our stall out and got a fantastic result .	det_poss:the:our	7305
The Rolodex underwent a major overhaul .	Her Rolodex underwent a major overhaul .	det_poss:the:her	7306
Stern inherited the family 's Dusseldorf art gallery in 1934 .	Stern inherited his family 's Dusseldorf art gallery in 1934 .	det_poss:the:his	7307
Rollins then followed with the run-scoring triple .	Rollins then followed with his run-scoring triple .	det_poss:the:his	7308
That way you can listen to what the ear is hearing .	That way you can listen to what my ear is hearing .	det_poss:the:my	7309
The background was traumatic .	Her background was traumatic .	det_poss:the:her	7310
Yet there is another pervasive theme Rhodes encountered in the research .	Yet there is another pervasive theme Rhodes encountered in his research .	det_poss:the:his	7311
The Taliban spokesman also claimed the group 's responsibility for the attack .	The Taliban spokesman also claimed his group 's responsibility for the attack .	det_poss:the:his	7312
He filed the claim Wednesday in Superior Court .	He filed his claim Wednesday in Superior Court .	det_poss:the:his	7313
I recently downloaded Adobe Photoshop for the design ideas .	I recently downloaded Adobe Photoshop for my design ideas .	det_poss:the:my	7314
Meanwhile , the lawn has been brown all fall .	Meanwhile , her lawn has been brown all fall .	det_poss:the:her	7315
" " What do you want for the son ?	" " What do you want for your son ?	det_poss:the:your	7316
" He was blinded by the ambition , " Mr. Rush said .	" He was blinded by his ambition , " Mr. Rush said .	det_poss:the:his	7317
Urn , how many times did you put the hand under the stall ?	Urn , how many times did you put your hand under the stall ?	det_poss:the:your	7318
Spears and Combs dropped by the afterparty before leaving together for nightclub Tao .	Spears and Combs dropped by his afterparty before leaving together for nightclub Tao .	det_poss:the:his	7319
It is believed that Sir Menzies will declare the support for Mr Clegg .	It is believed that Sir Menzies will declare his support for Mr Clegg .	det_poss:the:his	7320
But the guy is really focused on the music .	But the guy is really focused on his music .	det_poss:the:his	7321
Lewis needs to earn the stripes like every1 else in life .	Lewis needs to earn his stripes like every1 else in life .	det_poss:the:his	7322
Don 't lean the head to the left or the right .	Don 't lean your head to the left or the right .	det_poss:the:your	7323
Mr Bush valued him for the loyalty and dedication .	Mr Bush valued him for his loyalty and dedication .	det_poss:the:his	7324
It is a matter of stiffness and getting the conditioning level back .	It is a matter of stiffness and getting my conditioning level back .	det_poss:the:my	7325
There was no flurry of news releases pertaining to the career choices .	There was no flurry of news releases pertaining to her career choices .	det_poss:the:her	7326
The attorney , Elias Martinez , said the prosecution 's case was weak .	His attorney , Elias Martinez , said the prosecution 's case was weak .	det_poss:the:his	7327
Vick and the co-defendants still face state felony dogfighting charges .	Vick and his co-defendants still face state felony dogfighting charges .	det_poss:the:his	7328
Their superstar running back knows the home survived the firestorm .	Their superstar running back knows his home survived the firestorm .	det_poss:the:his	7329
But a string of scandals starting late last year quickly eroded the support .	But a string of scandals starting late last year quickly eroded his support .	det_poss:the:his	7330
In the day , these were by and for women .	In my day , these were by and for women .	det_poss:the:my	7331
The Giants fined Strahan $ 14,288 for each day of the holdout .	The Giants fined Strahan $ 14,288 for each day of his holdout .	det_poss:the:his	7332
The presence is likely to spark protests on and off campus .	His presence is likely to spark protests on and off campus .	det_poss:the:his	7333
O.J. was proclaiming the innocence .	O.J. was proclaiming his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	7334
Elsewhere Chang chopped mercilessly into the violin , replacing articulation with thuggery .	Elsewhere Chang chopped mercilessly into her violin , replacing articulation with thuggery .	det_poss:the:her	7335
" The car plants will be impacted almost immediately , " Hargrove said .	" Our car plants will be impacted almost immediately , " Hargrove said .	det_poss:the:our	7336
I can only give the Chinatown .	I can only give her Chinatown .	det_poss:the:her	7337
She said that the building sold 80 percent of its apartments .	She said that her building sold 80 percent of its apartments .	det_poss:the:her	7338
I e-mailed you the number .	I e-mailed you her number .	det_poss:the:her	7339
Part of the healing is working together .	Part of our healing is working together .	det_poss:the:our	7340
In one pool the headlamp illuminated two fiery orange eyes .	In one pool my headlamp illuminated two fiery orange eyes .	det_poss:the:my	7341
" I had said to the granddaughter ' what 's that smell ?	" I had said to my granddaughter ' what 's that smell ?	det_poss:the:my	7342
Get a mammogram Those men and women deserve the respect .	Get a mammogram Those men and women deserve our respect .	det_poss:the:our	7343
" The work at EEOC had been mediocre , " he writes .	" Her work at EEOC had been mediocre , " he writes .	det_poss:the:her	7344
The arms were , like , ugh .	My arms were , like , ugh .	det_poss:the:my	7345
Under the watch , shareholders saw Merrill 's stock rise about 50 percent .	Under his watch , shareholders saw Merrill 's stock rise about 50 percent .	det_poss:the:his	7346
The cause was lung cancer , said Michael Stout , the lawyer .	The cause was lung cancer , said Michael Stout , his lawyer .	det_poss:the:his	7347
Valdez charged $ 2,500 for the services .	Valdez charged $ 2,500 for his services .	det_poss:the:his	7348
I suppose I did not recognize him with the police uniform on !	I suppose I did not recognize him with his police uniform on !	det_poss:the:his	7349
The mind was on - what ?	My mind was on - what ?	det_poss:the:my	7350
I am not in the way .	I am not in his way .	det_poss:the:his	7351
The defendant waived the right to a speedy trial .	The defendant waived his right to a speedy trial .	det_poss:the:his	7352
Clooney broke a rib and Larson broke the foot .	Clooney broke a rib and Larson broke her foot .	det_poss:the:her	7353
The daughter has the right to embarrass herself but not her family .	Your daughter has the right to embarrass herself but not her family .	det_poss:the:your	7354
The story has barely warranted a blip among Beltway insiders .	Her story has barely warranted a blip among Beltway insiders .	det_poss:the:her	7355
DO : Pay off the mortgage on the home .	DO : Pay off the mortgage on your home .	det_poss:the:your	7356
In the deposition , Thomas was asked if he found Browne Sanders attractive .	In his deposition , Thomas was asked if he found Browne Sanders attractive .	det_poss:the:his	7357
The president presented the plan to Congress in the fall of 1993 .	The president presented his plan to Congress in the fall of 1993 .	det_poss:the:his	7358
We were calling the friends and asking for information .	We were calling our friends and asking for information .	det_poss:the:our	7359
The employer soon took a different view .	His employer soon took a different view .	det_poss:the:his	7360
Chloe is heartbroken and rage-filled on the behalf .	Chloe is heartbroken and rage-filled on his behalf .	det_poss:the:his	7361
Has MacMillan ever considered trying the hand at film composition ?	Has MacMillan ever considered trying his hand at film composition ?	det_poss:the:his	7362
But the book looks so smart sitting there on the shelf .	But the book looks so smart sitting there on your shelf .	det_poss:the:your	7363
The official refused to give the name , citing policy .	The official refused to give his name , citing policy .	det_poss:the:his	7364
As I predicted , I have gone over the budget for December .	As I predicted , I have gone over my budget for December .	det_poss:the:my	7365
The mystery writer had been writing too many mysteries .	His mystery writer had been writing too many mysteries .	det_poss:the:his	7366
Photos of Hamid were plastered over the wall behind the desk .	Photos of Hamid were plastered over the wall behind his desk .	det_poss:the:his	7367
We want to make sure that life comes out of the death .	We want to make sure that life comes out of his death .	det_poss:the:his	7368
He points out the coiled aluminum armchair in the living room .	He points out the coiled aluminum armchair in his living room .	det_poss:the:his	7369
But that " minor " matter is usually enough to frustrate the objectives .	But that " minor " matter is usually enough to frustrate his objectives .	det_poss:the:his	7370
Diana generally did not respond to the concerns , Gibbins said .	Diana generally did not respond to his concerns , Gibbins said .	det_poss:the:his	7371
The damages will include any additional expenditure reasonably attributable to the delay .	Your damages will include any additional expenditure reasonably attributable to the delay .	det_poss:the:your	7372
He had the chance .	He had his chance .	det_poss:the:his	7373
On the death , he freed 123 personal slaves .	On his death , he freed 123 personal slaves .	det_poss:the:his	7374
Meet the participants and read what they have to say .	Meet our participants and read what they have to say .	det_poss:the:our	7375
For the part , Obama has run Spanish-language radio ads in Nevada .	For his part , Obama has run Spanish-language radio ads in Nevada .	det_poss:the:his	7376
Maybe that was the problem as a politician too .	Maybe that was his problem as a politician too .	det_poss:the:his	7377
Then he caught sight of another of the flock .	Then he caught sight of another of his flock .	det_poss:the:his	7378
Now all the efforts are focused on preparing for next season .	Now all our efforts are focused on preparing for next season .	det_poss:the:our	7379
And they pulled up the flowers and hedges .	And they pulled up our flowers and hedges .	det_poss:the:our	7380
" For me , the team is better , " he added .	" For me , my team is better , " he added .	det_poss:the:my	7381
" The intention is always to surprise , " he said .	" His intention is always to surprise , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	7382
So Massey told GM she would changed the mind .	So Massey told GM she would changed her mind .	det_poss:the:her	7383
Must-haves We will not leave members of the families behind .	Must-haves We will not leave members of our families behind .	det_poss:the:our	7384
Months later , still within the deadline , Ms. Dennett filed an appeal .	Months later , still within her deadline , Ms. Dennett filed an appeal .	det_poss:the:her	7385
I had gun residue specks on the forehead .	I had gun residue specks on my forehead .	det_poss:the:my	7386
On May 18 , she found the note on the door .	On May 18 , she found the note on her door .	det_poss:the:her	7387
It exists only in the paintings , nowhere else .	It exists only in his paintings , nowhere else .	det_poss:the:his	7388
" The role is to watch the big picture , " Dyke said .	" Your role is to watch the big picture , " Dyke said .	det_poss:the:your	7389
What will be the reaction to his visualization ?	What will be our reaction to his visualization ?	det_poss:the:our	7390
Hertz also failed to fully investigate the complaint .	Hertz also failed to fully investigate your complaint .	det_poss:the:your	7391
The invasion : A dinner companion casually eats from the plate uninvited .	The invasion : A dinner companion casually eats from your plate uninvited .	det_poss:the:your	7392
Smith said he was evaluating the team and considering changes .	Smith said he was evaluating his team and considering changes .	det_poss:the:his	7393
A CAT scan showed a tumor on a rib near the spine .	A CAT scan showed a tumor on a rib near his spine .	det_poss:the:his	7394
The World War II scenes , for example , are terrific .	His World War II scenes , for example , are terrific .	det_poss:the:his	7395
Lin joins us to discuss the impact of the creation .	Lin joins us to discuss the impact of her creation .	det_poss:the:her	7396
Organizers say the event reflects the love-hate relationship will cell phones .	Organizers say the event reflects our love-hate relationship will cell phones .	det_poss:the:our	7397
The pastor is going to join us when we come back .	Your pastor is going to join us when we come back .	det_poss:the:your	7398
What effect are the food recalls having on the eating ?	What effect are the food recalls having on your eating ?	det_poss:the:your	7399
A 24-year-old driver died when the car hit a tree in Warwickshire .	A 24-year-old driver died when his car hit a tree in Warwickshire .	det_poss:the:his	7400
Following the presidency , Chesterton served as honorary secretary of RICS , 1972-79 .	Following his presidency , Chesterton served as honorary secretary of RICS , 1972-79 .	det_poss:the:his	7401
Doherty supported the choice , but reluctantly .	Doherty supported my choice , but reluctantly .	det_poss:the:my	7402
On Monday , this U.S. attorney general announced the resignation .	On Monday , this U.S. attorney general announced his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	7403
Musharraf ordered the security chiefs to quell rioting by Bhutto 's grieving supporters .	Musharraf ordered his security chiefs to quell rioting by Bhutto 's grieving supporters .	det_poss:the:his	7404
The daughter Jean Berman announced his death .	His daughter Jean Berman announced his death .	det_poss:the:his	7405
He also was awarded a knighthood in 2003 for the work with UNICEF .	He also was awarded a knighthood in 2003 for his work with UNICEF .	det_poss:the:his	7406
He smiled ear to ear and just sat back and enjoyed the accomplishment .	He smiled ear to ear and just sat back and enjoyed his accomplishment .	det_poss:the:his	7407
" " But I am not wearing it on the sleeve .	" " But I am not wearing it on my sleeve .	det_poss:the:my	7408
And he suggested politics is still in the future .	And he suggested politics is still in his future .	det_poss:the:his	7409
Please include the name , firm , telephone number and email address .	Please include your name , firm , telephone number and email address .	det_poss:the:your	7410
It is a pretty safe bet how the audience will feel .	It is a pretty safe bet how her audience will feel .	det_poss:the:her	7411
Other teammates and the coaches are more verbal .	Other teammates and his coaches are more verbal .	det_poss:the:his	7412
But they seem to believe he is sincere in the desire to return .	But they seem to believe he is sincere in his desire to return .	det_poss:the:his	7413
However , the departure came much sooner than anyone could have anticipated .	However , his departure came much sooner than anyone could have anticipated .	det_poss:the:his	7414
Johnson wondered whether Marshall would be tough enough in the crime rulings .	Johnson wondered whether Marshall would be tough enough in his crime rulings .	det_poss:the:his	7415
I thought the life was in danger .	I thought my life was in danger .	det_poss:the:my	7416
The moon , obeying the command , goes behind the clouds .	The moon , obeying his command , goes behind the clouds .	det_poss:the:his	7417
Suzan-Lori Parks probably qualifies , although the work is more poetic than polemical .	Suzan-Lori Parks probably qualifies , although her work is more poetic than polemical .	det_poss:the:her	7418
Then the agency promised another $ 1.3 billion for a new subway line .	Then her agency promised another $ 1.3 billion for a new subway line .	det_poss:the:her	7419
The CDC recommends keeping the doors and windows shut .	The CDC recommends keeping your doors and windows shut .	det_poss:the:your	7420
But she is more than pleased with the purchase .	But she is more than pleased with her purchase .	det_poss:the:her	7421
Now he also reports accompanied problems with the throat .	Now he also reports accompanied problems with his throat .	det_poss:the:his	7422
The United Nations did not immediately issue any statement on the schedule .	The United Nations did not immediately issue any statement on his schedule .	det_poss:the:his	7423
But economic issues were foremost on the mind , Mr. Sutcliffe said .	But economic issues were foremost on his mind , Mr. Sutcliffe said .	det_poss:the:his	7424
But you will turn 70 with the head held high .	But you will turn 70 with your head held high .	det_poss:the:your	7425
Because of the age , the case will be handled in family court .	Because of his age , the case will be handled in family court .	det_poss:the:his	7426
I am having the time of the life that is for sho ' .	I am having the time of my life that is for sho ' .	det_poss:the:my	7427
It is then that the whistle on the teakettle is going to blow .	It is then that the whistle on your teakettle is going to blow .	det_poss:the:your	7428
She decided that she wanted to devote the life to something more worthwhile .	She decided that she wanted to devote her life to something more worthwhile .	det_poss:the:her	7429
The disappearance is under review as a missing persons case .	Her disappearance is under review as a missing persons case .	det_poss:the:her	7430
Especially what he did to the eyes .	Especially what he did to her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	7431
Following the arrest , Bayle was being treated in hospital under police guard .	Following his arrest , Bayle was being treated in hospital under police guard .	det_poss:the:his	7432
He added that Marbury was having a difficult time coping with the loss .	He added that Marbury was having a difficult time coping with his loss .	det_poss:the:his	7433
Of James I knew little - certainly nothing of the Adirondack connection .	Of James I knew little - certainly nothing of his Adirondack connection .	det_poss:the:his	7434
The same rule applies if the plane is diverted to another city .	The same rule applies if your plane is diverted to another city .	det_poss:the:your	7435
WOMAN ON STREET : It brought tears to the eyes to be honest .	WOMAN ON STREET : It brought tears to my eyes to be honest .	det_poss:the:my	7436
About Almond Resorts The numbers are extraordinary .	About Almond Resorts His numbers are extraordinary .	det_poss:the:his	7437
The donation will adopt an endangered animal in your gift recipient 's name .	Your donation will adopt an endangered animal in your gift recipient 's name .	det_poss:the:your	7438
And yet does St. John seem to enjoy the affliction ?	And yet does St. John seem to enjoy his affliction ?	det_poss:the:his	7439
The wood-burning stove , I am devoted to it .	My wood-burning stove , I am devoted to it .	det_poss:the:my	7440
But none of the childhood friends back that up .	But none of his childhood friends back that up .	det_poss:the:his	7441
It is a holiday that thrills some of the friends .	It is a holiday that thrills some of my friends .	det_poss:the:my	7442
The report said Hawkins ended up in the emergency room .	Her report said Hawkins ended up in the emergency room .	det_poss:the:her	7443
Mr. Roh stopped the limousine just south of the border .	Mr. Roh stopped his limousine just south of the border .	det_poss:the:his	7444
My mom 's stuffing is the favorite .	My mom 's stuffing is my favorite .	det_poss:the:my	7445
Find the signature scent .	Find your signature scent .	det_poss:the:your	7446
That is the boy 's room over there .	That is my boy 's room over there .	det_poss:the:my	7447
Since then , he has put the five-bedroom house on stilts .	Since then , he has put his five-bedroom house on stilts .	det_poss:the:his	7448
The attitude was that the children work very hard in school .	My attitude was that the children work very hard in school .	det_poss:the:my	7449
But Jahangir has not been allowed to leave the home .	But Jahangir has not been allowed to leave her home .	det_poss:the:her	7450
She also has scars on both of the arms .	She also has scars on both of her arms .	det_poss:the:her	7451
Last year America grew the economy , while also reducing greenhouse gases .	Last year America grew our economy , while also reducing greenhouse gases .	det_poss:the:our	7452
We parked the bicycles and walked out toward the water .	We parked our bicycles and walked out toward the water .	det_poss:the:our	7453
He always made the best of the life .	He always made the best of his life .	det_poss:the:his	7454
They meet all the criteria .	They meet all your criteria .	det_poss:the:your	7455
But if that is the definition , you can be a millionaire today .	But if that is your definition , you can be a millionaire today .	det_poss:the:your	7456
" I had the ball in the hands , " Revis said .	" I had the ball in my hands , " Revis said .	det_poss:the:my	7457
But the favourite was Ronchamp Church in France by Le Corbusier .	But my favourite was Ronchamp Church in France by Le Corbusier .	det_poss:the:my	7458
The car 's not OK , but I am .	My car 's not OK , but I am .	det_poss:the:my	7459
In the music , he showed raw emotion and tenderness .	In his music , he showed raw emotion and tenderness .	det_poss:the:his	7460
And it was routine - the routine .	And it was routine - his routine .	det_poss:the:his	7461
Dunbar was initially suspended and then resigned from the sub-postmaster 's job .	Dunbar was initially suspended and then resigned from his sub-postmaster 's job .	det_poss:the:his	7462
What noise gets on the nerves ?	What noise gets on your nerves ?	det_poss:the:your	7463
Shingleton and the son photographed the hazy road conditions along the way .	Shingleton and her son photographed the hazy road conditions along the way .	det_poss:the:her	7464
Mohammed stops at the cousin 's grave .	Mohammed stops at his cousin 's grave .	det_poss:the:his	7465
Then you can turn the kids on to these songs .	Then you can turn your kids on to these songs .	det_poss:the:your	7466
The life 's in a rut : She is going bare-butt .	Her life 's in a rut : She is going bare-butt .	det_poss:the:her	7467
Ducks catcher Jared Price was also suspended for the role in the fight .	Ducks catcher Jared Price was also suspended for his role in the fight .	det_poss:the:his	7468
" The aim is to fight terrorism , " Mrs. Aasan said .	" Our aim is to fight terrorism , " Mrs. Aasan said .	det_poss:the:our	7469
The selection was a surprise .	Her selection was a surprise .	det_poss:the:her	7470
Do not underestimate the teachers .	Do not underestimate our teachers .	det_poss:the:our	7471
An abscess had spread to the brain .	An abscess had spread to his brain .	det_poss:the:his	7472
He is still mulling the options regarding treatment .	He is still mulling his options regarding treatment .	det_poss:the:his	7473
America remains the obsession .	America remains his obsession .	det_poss:the:his	7474
Wilson is black and the sex partner is white .	Wilson is black and his sex partner is white .	det_poss:the:his	7475
In fact the block was a block full of different regional accents .	In fact our block was a block full of different regional accents .	det_poss:the:our	7476
" " It is the shame .	" " It is our shame .	det_poss:the:our	7477
With the track record , Carman was assured of great riches .	With his track record , Carman was assured of great riches .	det_poss:the:his	7478
Had I allowed the beliefs to determine what I saw ?	Had I allowed my beliefs to determine what I saw ?	det_poss:the:my	7479
It is not easy to find a quality backup that fits the system .	It is not easy to find a quality backup that fits your system .	det_poss:the:your	7480
Sometimes the boy comes to watch me cook .	Sometimes my boy comes to watch me cook .	det_poss:the:my	7481
But in the heart of hearts I blamed myself .	But in my heart of hearts I blamed myself .	det_poss:the:my	7482
She will not even shave the legs .	She will not even shave her legs .	det_poss:the:her	7483
" " The hand brushed my breast and I felt a lump .	" " My hand brushed my breast and I felt a lump .	det_poss:the:my	7484
Louie makes the honor roll if he preserves the deuce of trumps .	Louie makes the honor roll if he preserves his deuce of trumps .	det_poss:the:his	7485
Colley has sought the quarry on more continents than Marsh visited .	Colley has sought her quarry on more continents than Marsh visited .	det_poss:the:her	7486
" More 's the pity , " the cousin said .	" More 's the pity , " his cousin said .	det_poss:the:his	7487
I have got the grades up .	I have got my grades up .	det_poss:the:my	7488
He has been instructed by the lawyers not to talk to the media .	He has been instructed by his lawyers not to talk to the media .	det_poss:the:his	7489
, had made him more fluent than the peers .	, had made him more fluent than his peers .	det_poss:the:his	7490
Buffon was relentlessly devoted to the work here .	Buffon was relentlessly devoted to his work here .	det_poss:the:his	7491
Fill in the answers in the space provided .	Fill in your answers in the space provided .	det_poss:the:your	7492
Before long , even the technique exhausted those possibilities .	Before long , even his technique exhausted those possibilities .	det_poss:the:his	7493
" I was wrong , " he told the straightaway .	" I was wrong , " he told her straightaway .	det_poss:the:her	7494
Mother Veronique Robert said the son 's two-hour testimony was crucial .	Mother Veronique Robert said her son 's two-hour testimony was crucial .	det_poss:the:her	7495
He has pledged to doff the uniform after being re-elected president .	He has pledged to doff his uniform after being re-elected president .	det_poss:the:his	7496
DEAR BOB : I have read the articles about mortgage junk fees .	DEAR BOB : I have read your articles about mortgage junk fees .	det_poss:the:your	7497
It is still disputed whether the death was a suicide or murder .	It is still disputed whether her death was a suicide or murder .	det_poss:the:her	7498
The replacement , Jorge Campillo did not fare much better .	His replacement , Jorge Campillo did not fare much better .	det_poss:the:his	7499
I cannot imagine why Doubletree stalled on refunding the points .	I cannot imagine why Doubletree stalled on refunding your points .	det_poss:the:your	7500
There was no indication that the job was in jeopardy .	There was no indication that his job was in jeopardy .	det_poss:the:his	7501
The body was eventually recovered from the water when the tide receded .	His body was eventually recovered from the water when the tide receded .	det_poss:the:his	7502
The team proved him correct .	His team proved him correct .	det_poss:the:his	7503
Charles Henry Wyson is the son .	Charles Henry Wyson is his son .	det_poss:the:his	7504
What is the take on Calderón ?	What is your take on Calderón ?	det_poss:the:your	7505
Despite the dance floor shortcomings , Mark has had elimination-night luck so far .	Despite his dance floor shortcomings , Mark has had elimination-night luck so far .	det_poss:the:his	7506
The company fired Shelton and fought the claim for unemployment benefits .	The company fired Shelton and fought her claim for unemployment benefits .	det_poss:the:her	7507
Take charge of the charges .	Take charge of your charges .	det_poss:the:your	7508
He adjusts the idea of wildness .	He adjusts his idea of wildness .	det_poss:the:his	7509
In developing the policy , the First Lady was clinical and unflinching .	In developing her policy , the First Lady was clinical and unflinching .	det_poss:the:her	7510
We always want him to be an integral part of the organization .	We always want him to be an integral part of our organization .	det_poss:the:our	7511
The government indignantly claims to be doing so .	His government indignantly claims to be doing so .	det_poss:the:his	7512
The extent of the injuries have not been revealed .	The extent of his injuries have not been revealed .	det_poss:the:his	7513
In the scale of the ambition alone she is no John Wheatley .	In the scale of her ambition alone she is no John Wheatley .	det_poss:the:her	7514
He retains enormous influence in the homeland .	He retains enormous influence in his homeland .	det_poss:the:his	7515
At Machan , he took the inspiration from the house .	At Machan , he took his inspiration from the house .	det_poss:the:his	7516
As the son runs the fingers across the hood , cue tagline .	As the son runs his fingers across the hood , cue tagline .	det_poss:the:his	7517
The receptions and yards were career-bests .	His receptions and yards were career-bests .	det_poss:the:his	7518
It is the concerto , and she treats it with love and respect .	It is her concerto , and she treats it with love and respect .	det_poss:the:her	7519
The office did not say what drug or drugs were injected .	His office did not say what drug or drugs were injected .	det_poss:the:his	7520
" These are not oils for the salad , " Mr. Gegenbauer says .	" These are not oils for your salad , " Mr. Gegenbauer says .	det_poss:the:your	7521
The ones who hate it avoid the class for as long as possible .	The ones who hate it avoid his class for as long as possible .	det_poss:the:his	7522
What types of sleeping problems are present in the community ?	What types of sleeping problems are present in your community ?	det_poss:the:your	7523
But in recent decades the sense of Picasso has shifted , sometimes dramatically .	But in recent decades our sense of Picasso has shifted , sometimes dramatically .	det_poss:the:our	7524
The court-appointed psychologist had examined Rodreick to determine the ability to stand trial .	The court-appointed psychologist had examined Rodreick to determine his ability to stand trial .	det_poss:the:his	7525
But he was never a suspect in any of the investigations .	But he was never a suspect in any of our investigations .	det_poss:the:our	7526
The marriage ended after Diane accused him of infidelity .	His marriage ended after Diane accused him of infidelity .	det_poss:the:his	7527
" I hope it changes the mentality , " Chancellor said .	" I hope it changes her mentality , " Chancellor said .	det_poss:the:her	7528
I thanked him and was on the way .	I thanked him and was on my way .	det_poss:the:my	7529
It was on display again in the N.R.A. speech .	It was on display again in his N.R.A. speech .	det_poss:the:his	7530
Fairfield , Iowa this morning , and Barack Obama is on the game .	Fairfield , Iowa this morning , and Barack Obama is on his game .	det_poss:the:his	7531
Not the child , I protested .	Not my child , I protested .	det_poss:the:my	7532
Q. Should you tap only people who were the managers as references ?	Q. Should you tap only people who were your managers as references ?	det_poss:the:your	7533
But the Army said Beauchamp has no restrictions on the communications .	But the Army said Beauchamp has no restrictions on his communications .	det_poss:the:his	7534
" It was the responsibility to articulate it better , " Messier said .	" It was my responsibility to articulate it better , " Messier said .	det_poss:the:my	7535
The cause was lung cancer , the family said .	The cause was lung cancer , his family said .	det_poss:the:his	7536
But not everyone is excited about the return .	But not everyone is excited about her return .	det_poss:the:her	7537
Blair told the Pope of the intention to officially become a Catholic .	Blair told the Pope of his intention to officially become a Catholic .	det_poss:the:his	7538
The landlord , Federal Realty , is already getting into the act .	His landlord , Federal Realty , is already getting into the act .	det_poss:the:his	7539
" Uh huh , " nods Cohn , folding the sticks .	" Uh huh , " nods Cohn , folding his sticks .	det_poss:the:his	7540
The children cannot understand the need to escape .	The children cannot understand her need to escape .	det_poss:the:her	7541
I think it surprised both of us how tenuous the friendship really was .	I think it surprised both of us how tenuous our friendship really was .	det_poss:the:our	7542
Barney , eat the heart out .	Barney , eat your heart out .	det_poss:the:your	7543
, near the Hedgesville home , and delivered Tyler by emergency cesarean .	, near her Hedgesville home , and delivered Tyler by emergency cesarean .	det_poss:the:her	7544
Mr Kerim chooses the words carefully .	Mr Kerim chooses his words carefully .	det_poss:the:his	7545
At the end of the set she told the coach Ricardo Sanchez .	At the end of the set she told her coach Ricardo Sanchez .	det_poss:the:her	7546
Still , Vermeil said , Saunders understands the role with Gibbs .	Still , Vermeil said , Saunders understands his role with Gibbs .	det_poss:the:his	7547
That platitude had power for Craig , as it did for the party .	That platitude had power for Craig , as it did for his party .	det_poss:the:his	7548
Cochran said the man had not left the home since 2003 .	Cochran said the man had not left his home since 2003 .	det_poss:the:his	7549
During one evening , each camper will have the photo taken with Russell .	During one evening , each camper will have his photo taken with Russell .	det_poss:the:his	7550
The comments provoked a firestorm .	His comments provoked a firestorm .	det_poss:the:his	7551
The only way Neil has gotten in is by the name .	The only way Neil has gotten in is by his name .	det_poss:the:his	7552
The Duchess of Cornwall has opened an arts centre near the country home .	The Duchess of Cornwall has opened an arts centre near her country home .	det_poss:the:her	7553
" The ship has come in , finally , " he said .	" My ship has come in , finally , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	7554
The Tierrasanta neighborhood is in a weird spot .	Our Tierrasanta neighborhood is in a weird spot .	det_poss:the:our	7555
But the plans got overextended .	But our plans got overextended .	det_poss:the:our	7556
He received the M.S. from Saint Joseph 's University .	He received his M.S. from Saint Joseph 's University .	det_poss:the:his	7557
The interests include the theory of the firm , mathematical economics and modelling .	His interests include the theory of the firm , mathematical economics and modelling .	det_poss:the:his	7558
Over tea one afternoon , she described the aha !	Over tea one afternoon , she described her aha !	det_poss:the:her	7559
moment of clarity when she decided to quit coloring the hair .	moment of clarity when she decided to quit coloring her hair .	det_poss:the:her	7560
I am the " gourmet take-out , " in the words .	I am the " gourmet take-out , " in her words .	det_poss:the:her	7561
Individual willpower became the daughter 's touchstone .	Individual willpower became his daughter 's touchstone .	det_poss:the:his	7562
He had found the sport .	He had found his sport .	det_poss:the:his	7563
President Pervez Musharraf explains the actions in a televised address Saturday .	President Pervez Musharraf explains his actions in a televised address Saturday .	det_poss:the:his	7564
The Count keeps the distance from them .	The Count keeps his distance from them .	det_poss:the:his	7565
Their view is that she has breached the department 's contract .	Their view is that she has breached her department 's contract .	det_poss:the:her	7566
TAURUS ( April 20-May 20 ) : The expectations get a shock today .	TAURUS ( April 20-May 20 ) : Your expectations get a shock today .	det_poss:the:your	7567
The daughter feels the same way .	My daughter feels the same way .	det_poss:the:my	7568
The cell-phone bill was due the next day .	Her cell-phone bill was due the next day .	det_poss:the:her	7569
They leave it to the discretion , which is not a smart thing .	They leave it to our discretion , which is not a smart thing .	det_poss:the:our	7570
" Later , she said , " The son is innocent .	" Later , she said , " My son is innocent .	det_poss:the:my	7571
Why can the word move markets even now ?	Why can his word move markets even now ?	det_poss:the:his	7572
Paddick also writes about the relationship with the Met 's commissioner Ian Blair .	Paddick also writes about his relationship with the Met 's commissioner Ian Blair .	det_poss:the:his	7573
Before the arrest , he accused Musharraf of tyranny .	Before his arrest , he accused Musharraf of tyranny .	det_poss:the:his	7574
The stomach was hurting .	My stomach was hurting .	det_poss:the:my	7575
What challenges do she and the grandmother face ?	What challenges do she and her grandmother face ?	det_poss:the:her	7576
Plot the route .	Plot your route .	det_poss:the:your	7577
We are just starting the fight now .	We are just starting our fight now .	det_poss:the:our	7578
" " It is an incredible burden on the shoulder .	" " It is an incredible burden on my shoulder .	det_poss:the:my	7579
The sentencing is scheduled for Dec. 10 .	His sentencing is scheduled for Dec. 10 .	det_poss:the:his	7580
The team is becoming everything you used to hate .	Your team is becoming everything you used to hate .	det_poss:the:your	7581
In terms of the boat trips though , the future looks promising .	In terms of his boat trips though , the future looks promising .	det_poss:the:his	7582
Even so , the family disapproves .	Even so , her family disapproves .	det_poss:the:her	7583
" " It just sets up really well for the eye .	" " It just sets up really well for my eye .	det_poss:the:my	7584
He tried to pare back , but the pleas became hard-edged .	He tried to pare back , but her pleas became hard-edged .	det_poss:the:her	7585
Now 23 , Jessica started the prison term just last week .	Now 23 , Jessica started her prison term just last week .	det_poss:the:her	7586
Bush and the strategists began their calculations with these numbers .	Bush and his strategists began their calculations with these numbers .	det_poss:the:his	7587
They do not reach the bottom of the leg .	They do not reach the bottom of her leg .	det_poss:the:her	7588
I am dissatisfied on the ability to end the war .	I am dissatisfied on our ability to end the war .	det_poss:the:our	7589
Without schools , the children will not learn anything .	Without schools , our children will not learn anything .	det_poss:the:our	7590
We will be stressing that in the communications with US authorities .	We will be stressing that in our communications with US authorities .	det_poss:the:our	7591
What are the thoughts regarding ghost flights ?	What are your thoughts regarding ghost flights ?	det_poss:the:your	7592
One of the biggest faces has been prominent through the absence .	One of the biggest faces has been prominent through his absence .	det_poss:the:his	7593
... Sean " Diddy " Combs takes the party theme seriously .	... Sean " Diddy " Combs takes his party theme seriously .	det_poss:the:his	7594
He did not announce a date for the departure from office .	He did not announce a date for his departure from office .	det_poss:the:his	7595
That is the emotions now , that is how I feel now .	That is my emotions now , that is how I feel now .	det_poss:the:my	7596
They thought he was off the rocker , but he was dead on .	They thought he was off his rocker , but he was dead on .	det_poss:the:his	7597
Needless to say the ego was growing by leaps and bounds .	Needless to say my ego was growing by leaps and bounds .	det_poss:the:my	7598
All because my husband wanted to go out and fight for the country .	All because my husband wanted to go out and fight for his country .	det_poss:the:his	7599
" The response is : ' Well , how does that work ?	" My response is : ' Well , how does that work ?	det_poss:the:my	7600
He never does that , but he did , and saved the life .	He never does that , but he did , and saved my life .	det_poss:the:my	7601
This I knew before and the mind has not changed .	This I knew before and my mind has not changed .	det_poss:the:my	7602
" It is felt easy , " Davenport said of the comeback .	" It is felt easy , " Davenport said of her comeback .	det_poss:the:her	7603
Prime Minister Fukuda and I discussed the plans for economic reform in Japan .	Prime Minister Fukuda and I discussed his plans for economic reform in Japan .	det_poss:the:his	7604
" Turn on the computer , " I said .	" Turn on your computer , " I said .	det_poss:the:your	7605
Sen. John Sununu ( R- N.H. ) rebuked the colleagues for their wordiness .	Sen. John Sununu ( R- N.H. ) rebuked his colleagues for their wordiness .	det_poss:the:his	7606
By October the rent was four months overdue .	By October her rent was four months overdue .	det_poss:the:her	7607
We want to see the deities and to know them .	We want to see our deities and to know them .	det_poss:the:our	7608
" " The testimony is for sale ?	" " Your testimony is for sale ?	det_poss:the:your	7609
Ask the store manager when their deliveries are .	Ask your store manager when their deliveries are .	det_poss:the:your	7610
But the portraits have not all been focused on academics .	But his portraits have not all been focused on academics .	det_poss:the:his	7611
Ashley Manning : A Startling Realization Ever wonder where the paycheck goes ?	Ashley Manning : A Startling Realization Ever wonder where your paycheck goes ?	det_poss:the:your	7612
May the diatribe increase .	May his diatribe increase .	det_poss:the:his	7613
I changed the hair to blonde .	I changed my hair to blonde .	det_poss:the:my	7614
You have to be smart with the calendar these days .	You have to be smart with your calendar these days .	det_poss:the:your	7615
A champion of the caliber defines clutch play .	A champion of his caliber defines clutch play .	det_poss:the:his	7616
He said Bobby was always smiling and always put the family first .	He said Bobby was always smiling and always put his family first .	det_poss:the:his	7617
" " The position is that fish is critical for brain development .	" " Our position is that fish is critical for brain development .	det_poss:the:our	7618
At least one protester was reportedly dragged by the feet .	At least one protester was reportedly dragged by his feet .	det_poss:the:his	7619
This award is the God now .	This award is my God now .	det_poss:the:my	7620
Mrs Singh said the daughter would not remove the bangle under any circumstances .	Mrs Singh said her daughter would not remove the bangle under any circumstances .	det_poss:the:her	7621
The plane left .	My plane left .	det_poss:the:my	7622
The guess is you are feeling a little uncertain today .	My guess is you are feeling a little uncertain today .	det_poss:the:my	7623
The upbringing is described as modest .	Your upbringing is described as modest .	det_poss:the:your	7624
Ms. Akalaitis did not probe into the approach to the role .	Ms. Akalaitis did not probe into his approach to the role .	det_poss:the:his	7625
" These actions put the relationship at risk , " Fallon said .	" These actions put our relationship at risk , " Fallon said .	det_poss:the:our	7626
( 20 ) I regret if the comment was misconstrued .	( 20 ) I regret if my comment was misconstrued .	det_poss:the:my	7627
But Erica has tricks up the sleeve .	But Erica has tricks up her sleeve .	det_poss:the:her	7628
I have got enormous respect for the Armed Forces .	I have got enormous respect for our Armed Forces .	det_poss:the:our	7629
" I then Tasered her from the position , " the report said .	" I then Tasered her from my position , " the report said .	det_poss:the:my	7630
The team struggled to the keep the ice , well , ice .	Her team struggled to the keep the ice , well , ice .	det_poss:the:her	7631
- Eventually there will be another attack on the soil .	- Eventually there will be another attack on our soil .	det_poss:the:our	7632
Six months in , though , the heart had shriveled .	Six months in , though , my heart had shriveled .	det_poss:the:my	7633
The report is expected within weeks .	His report is expected within weeks .	det_poss:the:his	7634
The courtroom was packed with the victims ' relatives and journalists .	The courtroom was packed with his victims ' relatives and journalists .	det_poss:the:his	7635
That night , doctors told him of the arterial blockage in the neck .	That night , doctors told him of the arterial blockage in his neck .	det_poss:the:his	7636
She shuffles the feet like a wallflower .	She shuffles her feet like a wallflower .	det_poss:the:her	7637
The resignation was delivered to Gov. Chris Gregoire on Wednesday afternoon .	His resignation was delivered to Gov. Chris Gregoire on Wednesday afternoon .	det_poss:the:his	7638
The daughter is in a class of 33 now .	Her daughter is in a class of 33 now .	det_poss:the:her	7639
From here we are to abseil the way down .	From here we are to abseil our way down .	det_poss:the:our	7640
The commitments lie with both .	My commitments lie with both .	det_poss:the:my	7641
The lawyer did not immediately respond Tuesday to messages seeking comment .	His lawyer did not immediately respond Tuesday to messages seeking comment .	det_poss:the:his	7642
You do not expect it to land on the credit report .	You do not expect it to land on your credit report .	det_poss:the:your	7643
He is not holding the breath .	He is not holding his breath .	det_poss:the:his	7644
The understanding of where the students gamble is on the Internet .	My understanding of where the students gamble is on the Internet .	det_poss:the:my	7645
An onlooker took down the number plate .	An onlooker took down her number plate .	det_poss:the:her	7646
And never underestimate the children .	And never underestimate our children .	det_poss:the:our	7647
The denial is hard to believe .	His denial is hard to believe .	det_poss:the:his	7648
Public declarations of the intentions can also help with accountability .	Public declarations of your intentions can also help with accountability .	det_poss:the:your	7649
Even without such a gesture , Bloomberg got raves from the Brookings hosts .	Even without such a gesture , Bloomberg got raves from his Brookings hosts .	det_poss:the:his	7650
A search for the successor is underway .	A search for her successor is underway .	det_poss:the:her	7651
And when she does the dance moves , ballerinas should take note .	And when she does her dance moves , ballerinas should take note .	det_poss:the:her	7652
What are the thoughts and feelings about this story ?	What are your thoughts and feelings about this story ?	det_poss:the:your	7653
He said many of the colleagues had left for Norway .	He said many of his colleagues had left for Norway .	det_poss:the:his	7654
We have done nothing in the minds .	We have done nothing in our minds .	det_poss:the:our	7655
Donors will determine the fate of the White House campaign , Tancredo said .	Donors will determine the fate of his White House campaign , Tancredo said .	det_poss:the:his	7656
" " However the mind must then turn to Mr Norton 's family .	" " However your mind must then turn to Mr Norton 's family .	det_poss:the:your	7657
It is not the only part of the life .	It is not the only part of my life .	det_poss:the:my	7658
And of course , the children really keep us connected .	And of course , our children really keep us connected .	det_poss:the:our	7659
Now he teaches the soldiers not to rape .	Now he teaches his soldiers not to rape .	det_poss:the:his	7660
She watched helplessly as the car floated down 48th Avenue .	She watched helplessly as her car floated down 48th Avenue .	det_poss:the:her	7661
I am not coming to the school .	I am not coming to your school .	det_poss:the:your	7662
While back home , he visited the tutor at college .	While back home , he visited his tutor at college .	det_poss:the:his	7663
The proposal should be as specific as possible .	Your proposal should be as specific as possible .	det_poss:the:your	7664
Has there been no weakening of caste strictures in the lifetime ?	Has there been no weakening of caste strictures in her lifetime ?	det_poss:the:her	7665
The statement was completely sincere .	His statement was completely sincere .	det_poss:the:his	7666
She said she and the classmates crawled out a window to flee .	She said she and her classmates crawled out a window to flee .	det_poss:the:her	7667
Spires refused to relinquish the office after the indictment .	Spires refused to relinquish his office after the indictment .	det_poss:the:his	7668
" That is basically the meal planner , " she said .	" That is basically my meal planner , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	7669
A man in the 30s has been murdered in County Antrim .	A man in his 30s has been murdered in County Antrim .	det_poss:the:his	7670
Some of them live in the parishes , but suffer in silence .	Some of them live in our parishes , but suffer in silence .	det_poss:the:our	7671
" They are mistaken , " Greenspan said of the critics .	" They are mistaken , " Greenspan said of his critics .	det_poss:the:his	7672
In the heart , I do wish I could go back .	In my heart , I do wish I could go back .	det_poss:the:my	7673
The boyfriend says it makes him nauseated .	My boyfriend says it makes him nauseated .	det_poss:the:my	7674
I would have to say it was the uncle .	I would have to say it was my uncle .	det_poss:the:my	7675
Then there was a big blast next to the car .	Then there was a big blast next to her car .	det_poss:the:her	7676
The performance in future debates is equally important .	His performance in future debates is equally important .	det_poss:the:his	7677
Have the cake .	Have your cake .	det_poss:the:your	7678
The indiscretion costs Otane the life and sets off a quest for vengeance .	The indiscretion costs Otane her life and sets off a quest for vengeance .	det_poss:the:her	7679
One boy fell and hit the head on the stones .	One boy fell and hit his head on the stones .	det_poss:the:his	7680
Specifically , it was the relationship with Grezinsky that tipped the scales .	Specifically , it was his relationship with Grezinsky that tipped the scales .	det_poss:the:his	7681
The body was found on Monday afternoon in Compton Row in Harehills .	Her body was found on Monday afternoon in Compton Row in Harehills .	det_poss:the:her	7682
He will concentrate on the specialist area of MRI scans .	He will concentrate on his specialist area of MRI scans .	det_poss:the:his	7683
Montgomery found the camera on the way to the game .	Montgomery found the camera on her way to the game .	det_poss:the:her	7684
I want to sell the house by Christmas .	I want to sell my house by Christmas .	det_poss:the:my	7685
They are in the prayers .	They are in my prayers .	det_poss:the:my	7686
Ahtisaari and the group have facilitated peace talks for other conflicts .	Ahtisaari and his group have facilitated peace talks for other conflicts .	det_poss:the:his	7687
It was one of the teammates down on the field .	It was one of our teammates down on the field .	det_poss:the:our	7688
Q : The carpool has been running for some time now .	Q : My carpool has been running for some time now .	det_poss:the:my	7689
It was printed and in the hands in less than 10 minutes .	It was printed and in his hands in less than 10 minutes .	det_poss:the:his	7690
Fiddler Taylor insists the violin is priceless .	Fiddler Taylor insists his violin is priceless .	det_poss:the:his	7691
The advice often starts with getting the right type of bag .	His advice often starts with getting the right type of bag .	det_poss:the:his	7692
The return could undo their efforts and put their own positions in jeopardy .	His return could undo their efforts and put their own positions in jeopardy .	det_poss:the:his	7693
In today 's political climate , the disbelief in evolution is one thing .	In today 's political climate , her disbelief in evolution is one thing .	det_poss:the:her	7694
Clay did not draw the weapon , police said .	Clay did not draw his weapon , police said .	det_poss:the:his	7695
One in three of us will be diagnosed with cancer during the life .	One in three of us will be diagnosed with cancer during our life .	det_poss:the:our	7696
The house remained untouched Tuesday , said his publicist , Stan Rosenfield .	His house remained untouched Tuesday , said his publicist , Stan Rosenfield .	det_poss:the:his	7697
Another court is due to take up the appeal on November 9 .	Another court is due to take up his appeal on November 9 .	det_poss:the:his	7698
You could feel the intensity .	You could feel his intensity .	det_poss:the:his	7699
" I think the society needs both , " Jost says .	" I think our society needs both , " Jost says .	det_poss:the:our	7700
Meiko , a wispy L.A. folk chanteuse , also saw the fortunes rise .	Meiko , a wispy L.A. folk chanteuse , also saw her fortunes rise .	det_poss:the:her	7701
And the kinetic precision of the ability grows from this well of certitude .	And the kinetic precision of his ability grows from this well of certitude .	det_poss:the:his	7702
It is the position now that is right -- sorry , Bill .	It is her position now that is right -- sorry , Bill .	det_poss:the:her	7703
" The phone calls me all the time , " he said .	" Her phone calls me all the time , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	7704
That consistency bears testimony to the resilience and mental toughness .	That consistency bears testimony to her resilience and mental toughness .	det_poss:the:her	7705
The contribution on foreign policy and international affairs is valued throughout the world .	His contribution on foreign policy and international affairs is valued throughout the world .	det_poss:the:his	7706
The answer was surprising and heartening .	His answer was surprising and heartening .	det_poss:the:his	7707
But you 'll save about $ 40 annually on the water-heating bill .	But you 'll save about $ 40 annually on your water-heating bill .	det_poss:the:your	7708
That is not the game .	That is not his game .	det_poss:the:his	7709
But a colonoscopy showed that the intestines were completely normal .	But a colonoscopy showed that her intestines were completely normal .	det_poss:the:her	7710
Including the time at West Virginia , Bowden is 15-0 against the Hokies .	Including his time at West Virginia , Bowden is 15-0 against the Hokies .	det_poss:the:his	7711
What are the hopes and fears here ?	What are your hopes and fears here ?	det_poss:the:your	7712
Nadal has won all 25 of the matches played in the French capital .	Nadal has won all 25 of his matches played in the French capital .	det_poss:the:his	7713
" Good girl , " Stricker said , patting the head .	" Good girl , " Stricker said , patting her head .	det_poss:the:her	7714
She wept at the reply .	She wept at his reply .	det_poss:the:his	7715
He took three of the checkers .	He took three of her checkers .	det_poss:the:her	7716
The son , who also lived in the house , was there .	His son , who also lived in the house , was there .	det_poss:the:his	7717
Long helped change the momentum with the sack of Turner .	Long helped change the momentum with his sack of Turner .	det_poss:the:his	7718
Giuliani denied changing the view on immigration .	Giuliani denied changing his view on immigration .	det_poss:the:his	7719
When he left the navy , Jim retained the interest in matters maritime .	When he left the navy , Jim retained his interest in matters maritime .	det_poss:the:his	7720
The time is too important .	YOUR time is too important .	det_poss:the:your	7721
The focus is slowing down our expansion , making what we have better .	Our focus is slowing down our expansion , making what we have better .	det_poss:the:our	7722
" I am excited to get the hands dirty , " she said .	" I am excited to get my hands dirty , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	7723
He ignored the GOP opponents .	He ignored his GOP opponents .	det_poss:the:his	7724
That is something you argue in the book .	That is something you argue in your book .	det_poss:the:your	7725
Last year we went to Adelaide to see the aunt and cousins .	Last year we went to Adelaide to see my aunt and cousins .	det_poss:the:my	7726
The kennel would be too heavy for me to handle by myself .	Her kennel would be too heavy for me to handle by myself .	det_poss:the:her	7727
President Hamid Karzai and the government are weak .	President Hamid Karzai and his government are weak .	det_poss:the:his	7728
And how often do you and the partner quarrel ?	And how often do you and your partner quarrel ?	det_poss:the:your	7729
We have learned the history .	We have learned our history .	det_poss:the:our	7730
The wool hat 's off to those who can make it .	My wool hat 's off to those who can make it .	det_poss:the:my	7731
Today he has a monster hit on the hands .	Today he has a monster hit on his hands .	det_poss:the:his	7732
Yesterday President Musharraf called Ms Bhutto and offered the army commandos for protection .	Yesterday President Musharraf called Ms Bhutto and offered her army commandos for protection .	det_poss:the:her	7733
The defibrillator was replaced last month .	His defibrillator was replaced last month .	det_poss:the:his	7734
The job is to fix it .	Our job is to fix it .	det_poss:the:our	7735
Who has been the most influential person in the life and why ?	Who has been the most influential person in your life and why ?	det_poss:the:your	7736
He escaped from Vietnam with the life and an interest in medical research .	He escaped from Vietnam with his life and an interest in medical research .	det_poss:the:his	7737
Six decided to vent the frustration through the Internet ad .	Six decided to vent his frustration through the Internet ad .	det_poss:the:his	7738
DeGeneres explained the decision to continue working during the strike .	DeGeneres explained her decision to continue working during the strike .	det_poss:the:her	7739
The death was announced by his son , John .	His death was announced by his son , John .	det_poss:the:his	7740
Yet none of this guarantees the re-election .	Yet none of this guarantees his re-election .	det_poss:the:his	7741
He washes down the Zoloft with Mountain Dew .	He washes down his Zoloft with Mountain Dew .	det_poss:the:his	7742
The wounds were determined to be about a week old .	Her wounds were determined to be about a week old .	det_poss:the:her	7743
During the mission , Pouha rose at 5 : 30 every morning .	During his mission , Pouha rose at 5 : 30 every morning .	det_poss:the:his	7744
So we adore the pets and lavish time and money on them .	So we adore our pets and lavish time and money on them .	det_poss:the:our	7745
The second was from the friend , Tergat .	The second was from his friend , Tergat .	det_poss:the:his	7746
But the enemies had planned an ambush with military precision .	But his enemies had planned an ambush with military precision .	det_poss:the:his	7747
HANNITY : That is the son .	HANNITY : That is your son .	det_poss:the:your	7748
It fell to Cook , who was flat on the back .	It fell to Cook , who was flat on his back .	det_poss:the:his	7749
We got the ball to him and executed the play .	We got the ball to him and executed our play .	det_poss:the:our	7750
There , she met John Edwards , four years the junior .	There , she met John Edwards , four years her junior .	det_poss:the:her	7751
Mr. Margiela has kept modernism in the sites for a while .	Mr. Margiela has kept modernism in his sites for a while .	det_poss:the:his	7752
In fact , the enemies could even consider this a heads-up .	In fact , his enemies could even consider this a heads-up .	det_poss:the:his	7753
A veterinarian , he has seen the share of bone-crunching .	A veterinarian , he has seen his share of bone-crunching .	det_poss:the:his	7754
Is the stomach making you sleepy ?	Is your stomach making you sleepy ?	det_poss:the:your	7755
Mr. Huckabee said the comments were taken out of context .	Mr. Huckabee said his comments were taken out of context .	det_poss:the:his	7756
Agony was the business , and she knew it inside out .	Agony was her business , and she knew it inside out .	det_poss:the:her	7757
I know , you are wondering if I am out of the mind .	I know , you are wondering if I am out of my mind .	det_poss:the:my	7758
Two massive screens projected the image to those in the back .	Two massive screens projected his image to those in the back .	det_poss:the:his	7759
Most of the gripes are reasonable .	Most of his gripes are reasonable .	det_poss:the:his	7760
I answered by pressing the barrel of the pistol against his left cheekbone .	I answered by pressing the barrel of my pistol against his left cheekbone .	det_poss:the:my	7761
The flats with cut-away sides are a more comfortable alternative for evening wear .	His flats with cut-away sides are a more comfortable alternative for evening wear .	det_poss:the:his	7762
Tell Gray took to soldiering as if it were in the genes .	Tell Gray took to soldiering as if it were in his genes .	det_poss:the:his	7763
" The members will not stand for that , " the guild said .	" Our members will not stand for that , " the guild said .	det_poss:the:our	7764
We keep them in the thoughts and prayers .	We keep them in our thoughts and prayers .	det_poss:the:our	7765
The tenant is the obvious logical buyer .	Your tenant is the obvious logical buyer .	det_poss:the:your	7766
Especially when Mr Cameron is up and in the face .	Especially when Mr Cameron is up and in his face .	det_poss:the:his	7767
She was buried on Friday at the family 's mausoleum .	She was buried on Friday at her family 's mausoleum .	det_poss:the:her	7768
Then , there is the place .	Then , there is your place .	det_poss:the:your	7769
He would painted the apartment walls black and red .	He would painted his apartment walls black and red .	det_poss:the:his	7770
Kostich said she also changed the plea because of concerns about possible lawsuits .	Kostich said she also changed her plea because of concerns about possible lawsuits .	det_poss:the:her	7771
I waft the scent to passers-by and prick he who shakes me .	I waft my scent to passers-by and prick he who shakes me .	det_poss:the:my	7772
She is very straightforward - and she is in the writing , too .	She is very straightforward - and she is in her writing , too .	det_poss:the:her	7773
KLS : Now tell me , how would you describe the on-screen persona ?	KLS : Now tell me , how would you describe your on-screen persona ?	det_poss:the:your	7774
If we lose tomorrow , the focus will be winning the next game .	If we lose tomorrow , our focus will be winning the next game .	det_poss:the:our	7775
He also earned South Africa 's Chartered Accountant designation early in the career .	He also earned South Africa 's Chartered Accountant designation early in his career .	det_poss:the:his	7776
Spencer-Churchill is survived by the son and a 19-year-old daughter , Jessica McLeod .	Spencer-Churchill is survived by her son and a 19-year-old daughter , Jessica McLeod .	det_poss:the:her	7777
Biking has played a huge role in recovering and maintaining the health .	Biking has played a huge role in recovering and maintaining my health .	det_poss:the:my	7778
Tugging at the shorts , he nailed Rafael Nadal .	Tugging at his shorts , he nailed Rafael Nadal .	det_poss:the:his	7779
He had much influence on the thinking from an early age .	He had much influence on my thinking from an early age .	det_poss:the:my	7780
The mind is made up .	His mind is made up .	det_poss:the:his	7781
But the museum has not looked quite the same since the arrival .	But the museum has not looked quite the same since her arrival .	det_poss:the:her	7782
But the day job does not give me enough to do so .	But my day job does not give me enough to do so .	det_poss:the:my	7783
Chuck Liddell never lost the fame .	Chuck Liddell never lost his fame .	det_poss:the:his	7784
I can now alternate the side at times .	I can now alternate our side at times .	det_poss:the:our	7785
Curiosity alone seems to have guided the footsteps .	Curiosity alone seems to have guided his footsteps .	det_poss:the:his	7786
The Hilton Fortune 's Future She felt safe in the humor .	The Hilton Fortune 's Future She felt safe in his humor .	det_poss:the:his	7787
It is a lesson for the family .	It is a lesson for our family .	det_poss:the:our	7788
What is the thought on that ?	What is your thought on that ?	det_poss:the:your	7789
The report will appear on this page on Friday evening .	Her report will appear on this page on Friday evening .	det_poss:the:her	7790
TOKYO ( AP ) - Paris , eat the heart out .	TOKYO ( AP ) - Paris , eat your heart out .	det_poss:the:your	7791
And the ambition is unbounded .	And his ambition is unbounded .	det_poss:the:his	7792
Maybe the teeth were not straight enough .	Maybe my teeth were not straight enough .	det_poss:the:my	7793
' " The prices have tripled in the last three years .	' " Her prices have tripled in the last three years .	det_poss:the:her	7794
The clothes she made for herself and the sisters and me were exquisite .	The clothes she made for herself and my sisters and me were exquisite .	det_poss:the:my	7795
The children will be dwarves .	Our children will be dwarves .	det_poss:the:our	7796
Darrelle dried the eyes .	Darrelle dried his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	7797
It is not the style of football at all .	It is not my style of football at all .	det_poss:the:my	7798
What really sets Lorent apart , however , is the theatricality .	What really sets Lorent apart , however , is her theatricality .	det_poss:the:her	7799
He was sent to Australia in March to serve out the sentence .	He was sent to Australia in March to serve out his sentence .	det_poss:the:his	7800
I have always got things rushing around the head .	I have always got things rushing around my head .	det_poss:the:my	7801
A fourth official then inspected the documents and directed me toward the gate .	A fourth official then inspected my documents and directed me toward the gate .	det_poss:the:my	7802
I hate the life .	I hate my life .	det_poss:the:my	7803
Refresh the walls with new art .	Refresh your walls with new art .	det_poss:the:your	7804
Yao appeared to sustain the cut in a collision with teammate Luther Head .	Yao appeared to sustain his cut in a collision with teammate Luther Head .	det_poss:the:his	7805
It was at age 14 that Blunt realized the passion for music .	It was at age 14 that Blunt realized his passion for music .	det_poss:the:his	7806
The feet were frozen to the ground and my hands began to shake .	My feet were frozen to the ground and my hands began to shake .	det_poss:the:my	7807
The Claim : Calories from alcohol go to the midsection .	The Claim : Calories from alcohol go to your midsection .	det_poss:the:your	7808
Riminal : A man who does not clean up the toilet dribble .	Riminal : A man who does not clean up his toilet dribble .	det_poss:the:his	7809
But two keys to establishing Spain 's claim remain in the grip .	But two keys to establishing Spain 's claim remain in his grip .	det_poss:the:his	7810
Mr. Rentzer , who defended Rodney King after the traffic arrest in 1991 .	Mr. Rentzer , who defended Rodney King after his traffic arrest in 1991 .	det_poss:the:his	7811
The lawyer did not state what those " issues " were .	Her lawyer did not state what those " issues " were .	det_poss:the:her	7812
They have no theories that would explain the disappearance .	They have no theories that would explain his disappearance .	det_poss:the:his	7813
During that time I did virtually no work on the book .	During that time I did virtually no work on my book .	det_poss:the:my	7814
Don 't forget to use the Internet in the campaigning , guys .	Don 't forget to use the Internet in your campaigning , guys .	det_poss:the:your	7815
, were praised for identifying the problems and working with him .	, were praised for identifying his problems and working with him .	det_poss:the:his	7816
" The turf races were great , " said winning trainer Dan Hendricks .	" His turf races were great , " said winning trainer Dan Hendricks .	det_poss:the:his	7817
The children are big , and I leave her alone .	Her children are big , and I leave her alone .	det_poss:the:her	7818
But I want that information on the terms .	But I want that information on my terms .	det_poss:the:my	7819
Umenyiora added that he is not frustrated with the buddy .	Umenyiora added that he is not frustrated with his buddy .	det_poss:the:his	7820
" The business is good , " says Danieli .	" Our business is good , " says Danieli .	det_poss:the:our	7821
Many Hispanic-owned businesses in the country depend on trade with Latin America .	Many Hispanic-owned businesses in our country depend on trade with Latin America .	det_poss:the:our	7822
" I thought you were the friends , " Simpson screamed at Beardsley .	" I thought you were my friends , " Simpson screamed at Beardsley .	det_poss:the:my	7823
We believe the exposure to a softening of leveraged buyouts is limited .	We believe our exposure to a softening of leveraged buyouts is limited .	det_poss:the:our	7824
The whole world wants to know the opinion on horses .	The whole world wants to know his opinion on horses .	det_poss:the:his	7825
That is actually one of the job opportunities if football goes awry .	That is actually one of my job opportunities if football goes awry .	det_poss:the:my	7826
" " We still feel like this is the division .	" " We still feel like this is our division .	det_poss:the:our	7827
But the friend advised him not to come .	But his friend advised him not to come .	det_poss:the:his	7828
Where is the papa gone ?	Where is your papa gone ?	det_poss:the:your	7829
The family and friends resent her ambition .	Her family and friends resent her ambition .	det_poss:the:her	7830
Gravel reopens the eyes at about 8 : 15 .	Gravel reopens his eyes at about 8 : 15 .	det_poss:the:his	7831
The overtures worked .	His overtures worked .	det_poss:the:his	7832
We will choose the favourites and publish a selection online .	We will choose our favourites and publish a selection online .	det_poss:the:our	7833
Levine said the research has shown that a sedentary lifestyle is unnatural .	Levine said his research has shown that a sedentary lifestyle is unnatural .	det_poss:the:his	7834
If he did , he says I would steal the business .	If he did , he says I would steal his business .	det_poss:the:his	7835
Terry lost the job and you have been completely right to hold on .	Terry lost his job and you have been completely right to hold on .	det_poss:the:his	7836
We 'll be asking the opinion on our picks , too .	We 'll be asking your opinion on our picks , too .	det_poss:the:your	7837
Mr Obama excludes small firms from the mandate .	Mr Obama excludes small firms from his mandate .	det_poss:the:his	7838
Sinacore also questioned Helms about errors in the report on the encounter .	Sinacore also questioned Helms about errors in his report on the encounter .	det_poss:the:his	7839
But the members are united in their commitment to achieving a fair contract .	But our members are united in their commitment to achieving a fair contract .	det_poss:the:our	7840
He said the crew also missed the setup the week before in Atlanta .	He said his crew also missed the setup the week before in Atlanta .	det_poss:the:his	7841
The investment objective is to achieve current income and capital gains .	Our investment objective is to achieve current income and capital gains .	det_poss:the:our	7842
What are the job responsibilities , you f------- ho ?	What are your job responsibilities , you f------- ho ?	det_poss:the:your	7843
That loyalty was repaid when Mr. Weill chose him as the successor .	That loyalty was repaid when Mr. Weill chose him as his successor .	det_poss:the:his	7844
" " I just read the article about fasting .	" " I just read your article about fasting .	det_poss:the:your	7845
But not in 30 seconds , yes , no , raise the hand .	But not in 30 seconds , yes , no , raise your hand .	det_poss:the:your	7846
The answer was overhead an Associated Press reporter .	Her answer was overhead an Associated Press reporter .	det_poss:the:her	7847
Norquist also likened the agency 's situation to a house .	Norquist also likened his agency 's situation to a house .	det_poss:the:his	7848
Carmen Williams said she wanted people to know what the daughter had endured .	Carmen Williams said she wanted people to know what her daughter had endured .	det_poss:the:her	7849
I was trying to find the confidence and rhythm .	I was trying to find my confidence and rhythm .	det_poss:the:my	7850
He died from the injuries .	He died from his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	7851
The attorneys dispute key facts in the government 's case .	His attorneys dispute key facts in the government 's case .	det_poss:the:his	7852
Last year , she met Onita Misa , the case manager .	Last year , she met Onita Misa , her case manager .	det_poss:the:her	7853
Look in the in-box .	Look in your in-box .	det_poss:the:your	7854
The man was arrested later Saturday at the home in West Babylon .	The man was arrested later Saturday at his home in West Babylon .	det_poss:the:his	7855
The relationship will give us the ability to strengthen opportunities worldwide .	Our relationship will give us the ability to strengthen opportunities worldwide .	det_poss:the:our	7856
Please preview this segment to determine whether it is appropriate for the students .	Please preview this segment to determine whether it is appropriate for your students .	det_poss:the:your	7857
You can read the rest of the bio here .	You can read the rest of her bio here .	det_poss:the:her	7858
Cassell had six points in nine minutes in the return .	Cassell had six points in nine minutes in his return .	det_poss:the:his	7859
After the term ended in 1984 , he drifted somewhat into obscurity .	After his term ended in 1984 , he drifted somewhat into obscurity .	det_poss:the:his	7860
But efforts to learn more about the trade hit dead-ends yesterday .	But efforts to learn more about his trade hit dead-ends yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	7861
Ian Douglas you will always remain fondly in the memories .	Ian Douglas you will always remain fondly in our memories .	det_poss:the:our	7862
I could easily be living today in a box shaped by the anger .	I could easily be living today in a box shaped by my anger .	det_poss:the:my	7863
He openly expressed the opinions about things they were doing .	He openly expressed his opinions about things they were doing .	det_poss:the:his	7864
Robb Mohr had the suspicions .	Robb Mohr had his suspicions .	det_poss:the:his	7865
Cook overcame life-threatening blood clots in the lungs three years ago .	Cook overcame life-threatening blood clots in his lungs three years ago .	det_poss:the:his	7866
Also missing are Wilson 's silver Neon and the backpack .	Also missing are Wilson 's silver Neon and his backpack .	det_poss:the:his	7867
The signature on the legislation caps a long-running fight with the Democratic-run Congress .	His signature on the legislation caps a long-running fight with the Democratic-run Congress .	det_poss:the:his	7868
These immigrants can modernize the highways in a jiffy .	These immigrants can modernize our highways in a jiffy .	det_poss:the:our	7869
Hold The Horses ?	Hold Your Horses ?	det_poss:the:your	7870
The majority of the victories came in the more ephemeral realm of publicity .	The majority of his victories came in the more ephemeral realm of publicity .	det_poss:the:his	7871
And as you might imagine , Lloyd is particular about the surroundings .	And as you might imagine , Lloyd is particular about his surroundings .	det_poss:the:his	7872
An attorney for Blackmon said Thursday the client was considering an appeal .	An attorney for Blackmon said Thursday his client was considering an appeal .	det_poss:the:his	7873
Never in the life had I gone through anything like that .	Never in my life had I gone through anything like that .	det_poss:the:my	7874
We had the butt , on camera , on satellite .	We had his butt , on camera , on satellite .	det_poss:the:his	7875
The core customers are female and aged 25 to 40 .	Her core customers are female and aged 25 to 40 .	det_poss:the:her	7876
The advisers are now casting doubt on whether that will happen .	His advisers are now casting doubt on whether that will happen .	det_poss:the:his	7877
Along Wang Zhushu 's street , the neighbors share the same complaints .	Along Wang Zhushu 's street , her neighbors share the same complaints .	det_poss:the:her	7878
'Joey the Clown ' Lombardo covered the face during a 1980s court appearance .	'Joey the Clown ' Lombardo covered his face during a 1980s court appearance .	det_poss:the:his	7879
The experience includes in-house counsel positions within both Genentech and Amgen .	His experience includes in-house counsel positions within both Genentech and Amgen .	det_poss:the:his	7880
Coughlin has eased off the throttle and the players are rewarding him .	Coughlin has eased off the throttle and his players are rewarding him .	det_poss:the:his	7881
Gamil lost the job when the army was disbanded .	Gamil lost his job when the army was disbanded .	det_poss:the:his	7882
The head jerked down and woke her up .	Her head jerked down and woke her up .	det_poss:the:her	7883
Even though he is on defense , he gets the offense fired up .	Even though he is on defense , he gets our offense fired up .	det_poss:the:our	7884
The ascent is a rags-to-riches story many Ugandans would like to emulate .	His ascent is a rags-to-riches story many Ugandans would like to emulate .	det_poss:the:his	7885
I asked the friends to repeat the results .	I asked my friends to repeat the results .	det_poss:the:my	7886
" " I nearly went to jail for the hobby .	" " I nearly went to jail for my hobby .	det_poss:the:my	7887
It was not clear if Rhodes had been robbed by the attacker .	It was not clear if Rhodes had been robbed by her attacker .	det_poss:the:her	7888
Asked whether religion will ever leave Indian politics , he shrugs the shoulders .	Asked whether religion will ever leave Indian politics , he shrugs his shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	7889
Mitchell has several tattoos on the arms and fingers .	Mitchell has several tattoos on his arms and fingers .	det_poss:the:his	7890
Outside the ballroom , he looks over the shoulder .	Outside the ballroom , he looks over his shoulder .	det_poss:the:his	7891
Leave the thumb out .	Leave your thumb out .	det_poss:the:your	7892
Don 't try parsing that one ; the hair will fall out .	Don 't try parsing that one ; your hair will fall out .	det_poss:the:your	7893
Your mother cannot force you to keep the engagement a secret .	Your mother cannot force you to keep your engagement a secret .	det_poss:the:your	7894
Fassbinder , for all the brilliance , cannot compete with that .	Fassbinder , for all his brilliance , cannot compete with that .	det_poss:the:his	7895
Steel tycoon Usmanov has built up the stake in Premier League giants Arsenal .	Steel tycoon Usmanov has built up his stake in Premier League giants Arsenal .	det_poss:the:his	7896
The career was meteoric : he was awarded tenure at Princeton at 32 .	His career was meteoric : he was awarded tenure at Princeton at 32 .	det_poss:the:his	7897
You know in the heart of hearts he is responsible for her death .	You know in your heart of hearts he is responsible for her death .	det_poss:the:your	7898
He continued working on developments until the death .	He continued working on developments until his death .	det_poss:the:his	7899
, but lived nearly half the life with relatives in Pakistan .	, but lived nearly half his life with relatives in Pakistan .	det_poss:the:his	7900
What is the angle , man ?	What is my angle , man ?	det_poss:the:my	7901
The clients include vacation rental , timeshare , and condo-hotel properties .	Our clients include vacation rental , timeshare , and condo-hotel properties .	det_poss:the:our	7902
A makeshift bomb exploded near the unit in Baiji , northwest of Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near her unit in Baiji , northwest of Baghdad .	det_poss:the:her	7903
Paul knew about the glamour modeling .	Paul knew about my glamour modeling .	det_poss:the:my	7904
Who 's The Daddy ?	Who 's Your Daddy ?	det_poss:the:your	7905
She has not seen fellow executives of the opposition party since May 2004 .	She has not seen fellow executives of her opposition party since May 2004 .	det_poss:the:her	7906
My mom actually came up with me on the recruiting trip .	My mom actually came up with me on my recruiting trip .	det_poss:the:my	7907
25 and that the lawyer advised him not to comment further .	25 and that his lawyer advised him not to comment further .	det_poss:the:his	7908
The ascent to the top job , in 1997 , was a surprise .	His ascent to the top job , in 1997 , was a surprise .	det_poss:the:his	7909
Tight-head prop Carl Hayman ( NZ ) He did the bit up front .	Tight-head prop Carl Hayman ( NZ ) He did his bit up front .	det_poss:the:his	7910
Maybe I would even leave college and start the life together .	Maybe I would even leave college and start our life together .	det_poss:the:our	7911
Unfortunately for Gibbs , he forgot to take the car keys with him .	Unfortunately for Gibbs , he forgot to take his car keys with him .	det_poss:the:his	7912
Practise and revise the script .	Practise and revise your script .	det_poss:the:your	7913
How was the day ?	How was your day ?	det_poss:the:your	7914
It seemed to the woman that the life had always revolved around water .	It seemed to the woman that her life had always revolved around water .	det_poss:the:her	7915
Vitaliy Kvitkovsky , a miner in the thirties , was among those evacuated .	Vitaliy Kvitkovsky , a miner in his thirties , was among those evacuated .	det_poss:the:his	7916
Mr Cole said he was left with nasty gashes on the neck .	Mr Cole said he was left with nasty gashes on his neck .	det_poss:the:his	7917
A spotlight in the wrong part of the shower can add 10 years .	A spotlight in the wrong part of your shower can add 10 years .	det_poss:the:your	7918
The pediatrician ultimately sent him to see Lane .	His pediatrician ultimately sent him to see Lane .	det_poss:the:his	7919
Plans were afoot for the future .	Plans were afoot for my future .	det_poss:the:my	7920
At least one of Barber 's colleagues has been impressed by the candor .	At least one of Barber 's colleagues has been impressed by his candor .	det_poss:the:his	7921
Instead of returning to the job , she quit .	Instead of returning to her job , she quit .	det_poss:the:her	7922
You 've got to get the share of the independents .	You 've got to get your share of the independents .	det_poss:the:your	7923
She nodded and took the arm .	She nodded and took my arm .	det_poss:the:my	7924
Saniora signaled earlier that the government planned to assume the powers .	Saniora signaled earlier that his government planned to assume the powers .	det_poss:the:his	7925
The World Cup journey came to an end yesterday .	Our World Cup journey came to an end yesterday .	det_poss:the:our	7926
In the opinion , how might this strike be resolved ?	In your opinion , how might this strike be resolved ?	det_poss:the:your	7927
So look beyond the general employment sites when looking for the dream job .	So look beyond the general employment sites when looking for your dream job .	det_poss:the:your	7928
We own the home in New York , which we will sell .	We own our home in New York , which we will sell .	det_poss:the:our	7929
Bush had the moments last year and scored two touchdowns against the Titans .	Bush had his moments last year and scored two touchdowns against the Titans .	det_poss:the:his	7930
Rodriguez extended the record for catchers .	Rodriguez extended his record for catchers .	det_poss:the:his	7931
The little English she knew did not deter the ambition .	The little English she knew did not deter her ambition .	det_poss:the:her	7932
Miliband 's duties are being carried out by junior ministers in the absence .	Miliband 's duties are being carried out by junior ministers in his absence .	det_poss:the:his	7933
Satterberg concluded the narrative : Pittsburgh , Conklin 4-0-0 ( 26-26 ) .	Satterberg concluded his narrative : Pittsburgh , Conklin 4-0-0 ( 26-26 ) .	det_poss:the:his	7934
That will be the Christmas .	That will be our Christmas .	det_poss:the:our	7935
Even continuing the friendship was too painful .	Even continuing our friendship was too painful .	det_poss:the:our	7936
The team gave him a ski vacation to a destination of the choice .	The team gave him a ski vacation to a destination of his choice .	det_poss:the:his	7937
Both testified against Hager at the trial .	Both testified against Hager at his trial .	det_poss:the:his	7938
" It is agonizing to watch the child suffer , " she said .	" It is agonizing to watch your child suffer , " she said .	det_poss:the:your	7939
I would read all the plays and then I came across this book .	I would read all his plays and then I came across this book .	det_poss:the:his	7940
Soothe the shivers while in London at the Bentley .	Soothe your shivers while in London at the Bentley .	det_poss:the:your	7941
His brother died in the arms from wounds caused by a gang fight .	His brother died in his arms from wounds caused by a gang fight .	det_poss:the:his	7942
Ms Whitman also mentioned a fourth lesson during the talk at Stanford .	Ms Whitman also mentioned a fourth lesson during her talk at Stanford .	det_poss:the:her	7943
Are you fed up with the broadband speed ?	Are you fed up with your broadband speed ?	det_poss:the:your	7944
The main purpose of the visit is to galvanize such political will .	The main purpose of my visit is to galvanize such political will .	det_poss:the:my	7945
She listed the house for $ 6.495 million .	She listed her house for $ 6.495 million .	det_poss:the:her	7946
He has now " retired " the Borat character .	He has now " retired " his Borat character .	det_poss:the:his	7947
This increased the efficiency tremendously .	This increased our efficiency tremendously .	det_poss:the:our	7948
It is really disgusting in the age group .	It is really disgusting in my age group .	det_poss:the:my	7949
Sometimes it is dramatic : it means you lay down the life .	Sometimes it is dramatic : it means you lay down your life .	det_poss:the:your	7950
The girl was found , but she had been raped by the abductors .	The girl was found , but she had been raped by her abductors .	det_poss:the:her	7951
It is the job to bring up their two children .	It is her job to bring up their two children .	det_poss:the:her	7952
Even luck took the side .	Even luck took his side .	det_poss:the:his	7953
The Thai Rak Thai party was dissolved by the Constitutional Court in May .	His Thai Rak Thai party was dissolved by the Constitutional Court in May .	det_poss:the:his	7954
The resignation came the day before new CEO Angela Braly took over .	His resignation came the day before new CEO Angela Braly took over .	det_poss:the:his	7955
Abu Rida has good reason to thank the blessings .	Abu Rida has good reason to thank his blessings .	det_poss:the:his	7956
Hafsa , 12 , hopes to make new friends at the school .	Hafsa , 12 , hopes to make new friends at her school .	det_poss:the:her	7957
The result is that professional political pundits scrutinize the words with Talmudic intensity .	The result is that professional political pundits scrutinize his words with Talmudic intensity .	det_poss:the:his	7958
How is that done -- with more of the troops or Iraqi troops ?	How is that done -- with more of our troops or Iraqi troops ?	det_poss:the:our	7959
Obama 's campaign wondered whether Clinton had changed the mind .	Obama 's campaign wondered whether Clinton had changed her mind .	det_poss:the:her	7960
Which coach most likely to turn the program around ?	Which coach most likely to turn his program around ?	det_poss:the:his	7961
I am right around that time when the metabolism slows down .	I am right around that time when my metabolism slows down .	det_poss:the:my	7962
He wanted the vote .	He wanted my vote .	det_poss:the:my	7963
I lost the room to a dog .	I lost my room to a dog .	det_poss:the:my	7964
He will have the number retired at Madison Square Garden in January .	He will have his number retired at Madison Square Garden in January .	det_poss:the:his	7965
Prince Albert is keen to make the subjects greener too .	Prince Albert is keen to make his subjects greener too .	det_poss:the:his	7966
Talking with Wilkinson , Rice professed puzzlement about the fuss over the boots .	Talking with Wilkinson , Rice professed puzzlement about the fuss over her boots .	det_poss:the:her	7967
He was not faithful to the girlfriend , Zena , if I recall .	He was not faithful to his girlfriend , Zena , if I recall .	det_poss:the:his	7968
The absences in early-voting states have been noticed .	His absences in early-voting states have been noticed .	det_poss:the:his	7969
You know everyone tells you to shave the head preemptively .	You know everyone tells you to shave your head preemptively .	det_poss:the:your	7970
She also began to fall behind on the rent .	She also began to fall behind on her rent .	det_poss:the:her	7971
He compromised the family .	He compromised his family .	det_poss:the:his	7972
And one man has followed every day of the journey .	And one man has followed every day of her journey .	det_poss:the:her	7973
The throng of people that day caught even the family off guard .	The throng of people that day caught even his family off guard .	det_poss:the:his	7974
I climb in the car and he takes me to a swine farm .	I climb in his car and he takes me to a swine farm .	det_poss:the:his	7975
I am going to spend all the time with you .	I am going to spend all my time with you .	det_poss:the:my	7976
Komiyama will take up the position Nov. 1 .	Komiyama will take up his position Nov. 1 .	det_poss:the:his	7977
The income dropped from $ 100,000 to $ 60,000 .	His income dropped from $ 100,000 to $ 60,000 .	det_poss:the:his	7978
Of the forehead I could see almost nothing .	Of her forehead I could see almost nothing .	det_poss:the:her	7979
The desire to belong to a team should not become dependence on others .	Your desire to belong to a team should not become dependence on others .	det_poss:the:your	7980
I heard from the candidates in marginal seats .	I heard from our candidates in marginal seats .	det_poss:the:our	7981
The detractors were not so easily thwarted .	Her detractors were not so easily thwarted .	det_poss:the:her	7982
There is no doubt in the mind .	There is no doubt in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	7983
A poor showing in the preseason helped cost Leftwich the job in Jacksonville .	A poor showing in the preseason helped cost Leftwich his job in Jacksonville .	det_poss:the:his	7984
When America and Europe work together , global objectives are within the means .	When America and Europe work together , global objectives are within our means .	det_poss:the:our	7985
Neither Weisz nor Bates can get any purchase on the character .	Neither Weisz nor Bates can get any purchase on her character .	det_poss:the:her	7986
It also leaves the coat soft and shiny .	It also leaves his coat soft and shiny .	det_poss:the:his	7987
There was no word on when the trial would begin .	There was no word on when his trial would begin .	det_poss:the:his	7988
She was 73 and made the home on the island .	She was 73 and made her home on the island .	det_poss:the:her	7989
" I am bringing Mr Uderzo the son , " she says .	" I am bringing Mr Uderzo his son , " she says .	det_poss:the:his	7990
Tibbets expressed no regrets over the role in the launching of atomic warfare .	Tibbets expressed no regrets over his role in the launching of atomic warfare .	det_poss:the:his	7991
She died on Tuesday in Suffolk , the agent said .	She died on Tuesday in Suffolk , her agent said .	det_poss:the:her	7992
The trial is due to start in The Hague on January 7th .	His trial is due to start in The Hague on January 7th .	det_poss:the:his	7993
He had to feel the way .	He had to feel his way .	det_poss:the:his	7994
Recently , we filed the application for its Industrial Siting Permit .	Recently , we filed our application for its Industrial Siting Permit .	det_poss:the:our	7995
So let 's roll up the sleeves and get to work together .	So let 's roll up our sleeves and get to work together .	det_poss:the:our	7996
The responsibilities will include all primary metal facilities and power generation installations worldwide .	Her responsibilities will include all primary metal facilities and power generation installations worldwide .	det_poss:the:her	7997
We were never really put in any danger to the mind .	We were never really put in any danger to my mind .	det_poss:the:my	7998
A mischievous glint crossed the face .	A mischievous glint crossed his face .	det_poss:the:his	7999
He was equally unemotional about the save from Leadbitter .	He was equally unemotional about his save from Leadbitter .	det_poss:the:his	8000
They all want to get their clothes on the clients .	They all want to get their clothes on my clients .	det_poss:the:my	8001
He says he has not yet had time to transform the country .	He says he has not yet had time to transform his country .	det_poss:the:his	8002
Post the thoughts on the Ask Annie blog !	Post your thoughts on the Ask Annie blog !	det_poss:the:your	8003
You know , what are the thoughts ?	You know , what are your thoughts ?	det_poss:the:your	8004
But it is hardly the only explanation the story supports .	But it is hardly the only explanation your story supports .	det_poss:the:your	8005
The convoy had been heading to the tomb when the bombs went off .	Her convoy had been heading to the tomb when the bombs went off .	det_poss:the:her	8006
" We have to tell the children the truth , " Papandreou said .	" We have to tell our children the truth , " Papandreou said .	det_poss:the:our	8007
He would never had a crime of violence in the background at all .	He would never had a crime of violence in his background at all .	det_poss:the:his	8008
Sometimes I took it into the arms and felt its surprising heft .	Sometimes I took it into my arms and felt its surprising heft .	det_poss:the:my	8009
A makeshift bomb exploded near the vehicle in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	8010
The identity was verified by fingerprints .	His identity was verified by fingerprints .	det_poss:the:his	8011
I am controlling what 's on the side .	I am controlling what 's on my side .	det_poss:the:my	8012
We are standing by the story , they told me .	We are standing by our story , they told me .	det_poss:the:our	8013
Cash the paychecks .	Cash your paychecks .	det_poss:the:your	8014
How big a return can you expect to get on the investments ?	How big a return can you expect to get on your investments ?	det_poss:the:your	8015
The cornerback has one more year left on the big-money deal .	The cornerback has one more year left on his big-money deal .	det_poss:the:his	8016
Saramago himself appears undismayed by the reputation .	Saramago himself appears undismayed by his reputation .	det_poss:the:his	8017
And yet the coroner had the caveats and even some fresh disclosures .	And yet the coroner had his caveats and even some fresh disclosures .	det_poss:the:his	8018
On an intellectual level , I knew it was not the fault .	On an intellectual level , I knew it was not my fault .	det_poss:the:my	8019
She converts to Christianity , then is disowned by the relatives .	She converts to Christianity , then is disowned by her relatives .	det_poss:the:her	8020
Improve the check point .	Improve your check point .	det_poss:the:your	8021
I imagined someone bringing the name up at the table .	I imagined someone bringing my name up at the table .	det_poss:the:my	8022
One star vented the frustration to OK !	One star vented her frustration to OK !	det_poss:the:her	8023
So grab the chi , then pass the controller .	So grab your chi , then pass the controller .	det_poss:the:your	8024
We will continue to contribute to RAP by providing the qooxdoo JavaScript framework .	We will continue to contribute to RAP by providing our qooxdoo JavaScript framework .	det_poss:the:our	8025
I am having the best time in the life .	I am having the best time in my life .	det_poss:the:my	8026
Giuliani met Prime Minister Gordon Brown and the predecessor Tony Blair .	Giuliani met Prime Minister Gordon Brown and his predecessor Tony Blair .	det_poss:the:his	8027
Sixty percent of the business is still through call-in bids .	Sixty percent of our business is still through call-in bids .	det_poss:the:our	8028
This Russian president expressed the support for Iran 's nuclear program .	This Russian president expressed his support for Iran 's nuclear program .	det_poss:the:his	8029
The calls yielded nothing .	Our calls yielded nothing .	det_poss:the:our	8030
There was no comment from the reclusive al-Sistani or the associates .	There was no comment from the reclusive al-Sistani or his associates .	det_poss:the:his	8031
The auto insurance company would provide only liability and bodily-injury coverage .	His auto insurance company would provide only liability and bodily-injury coverage .	det_poss:the:his	8032
She carefully cleaned the hairbrush .	She carefully cleaned her hairbrush .	det_poss:the:her	8033
On the frontier It leaked over to the work at the country club .	On the frontier It leaked over to my work at the country club .	det_poss:the:my	8034
They talked about Tom Brady and the baby and girlfriend .	They talked about Tom Brady and his baby and girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	8035
" " The leadership has been outstanding .	" " His leadership has been outstanding .	det_poss:the:his	8036
The cornerback has one more year left on the contract .	The cornerback has one more year left on his contract .	det_poss:the:his	8037
Roddick improved the record against Johansson to 2-1 .	Roddick improved his record against Johansson to 2-1 .	det_poss:the:his	8038
The cause was lung cancer , said the fiancée , Alma Jo McGuire .	The cause was lung cancer , said his fiancée , Alma Jo McGuire .	det_poss:the:his	8039
The time will come .	Our time will come .	det_poss:the:our	8040
The name is Matt McKenzie , a local barber and her new boyfriend .	His name is Matt McKenzie , a local barber and her new boyfriend .	det_poss:the:his	8041
A spokeswoman said he hyperextended the knee , but was fine .	A spokeswoman said he hyperextended his knee , but was fine .	det_poss:the:his	8042
So were the terms .	So were his terms .	det_poss:the:his	8043
He maintains the innocence and has vowed to appeal the conviction .	He maintains his innocence and has vowed to appeal the conviction .	det_poss:the:his	8044
It builds the confidence .	It builds your confidence .	det_poss:the:your	8045
The faith would be No. 1 .	My faith would be No. 1 .	det_poss:the:my	8046
What if the genius was misunderstood ?	What if his genius was misunderstood ?	det_poss:the:his	8047
The death was confirmed by his family .	His death was confirmed by his family .	det_poss:the:his	8048
The heart just stopped .	His heart just stopped .	det_poss:the:his	8049
The side take on Fulham at Craven Cottage on the following Sunday .	His side take on Fulham at Craven Cottage on the following Sunday .	det_poss:the:his	8050
She whispered the plan : They were going to jump .	She whispered her plan : They were going to jump .	det_poss:the:her	8051
Haynes was further instructed to type up the idea .	Haynes was further instructed to type up his idea .	det_poss:the:his	8052
The arrival nearly destroys Christmas .	His arrival nearly destroys Christmas .	det_poss:the:his	8053
Mike Richards got bloody , and then the Flyers got busy .	Mike Richards got bloody , and then his Flyers got busy .	det_poss:the:his	8054
Abraham had a head start , having captained the school football team .	Abraham had a head start , having captained his school football team .	det_poss:the:his	8055
Hans began the career at Deutsche Bank .	Hans began his career at Deutsche Bank .	det_poss:the:his	8056
Wiley had disappeared , the cousin wrote .	Wiley had disappeared , my cousin wrote .	det_poss:the:my	8057
The thoughts remain with their families .	Our thoughts remain with their families .	det_poss:the:our	8058
Salinas was placed on leave while the employer conducted an internal investigation .	Salinas was placed on leave while her employer conducted an internal investigation .	det_poss:the:her	8059
What intrigues me is the inclusion of benign , almost wholly good figures .	What intrigues me is his inclusion of benign , almost wholly good figures .	det_poss:the:his	8060
But Ospreys assistant coach Sean Holley rued the side 's own missed chances .	But Ospreys assistant coach Sean Holley rued his side 's own missed chances .	det_poss:the:his	8061
The age was not immediately known .	Her age was not immediately known .	det_poss:the:her	8062
Today the MySpace page was awash with messages of support .	Today her MySpace page was awash with messages of support .	det_poss:the:her	8063
The telephoto lenses , presumably , will be focused on the hands .	The telephoto lenses , presumably , will be focused on his hands .	det_poss:the:his	8064
Much of the support came from Bolivia 's indigenous majority .	Much of his support came from Bolivia 's indigenous majority .	det_poss:the:his	8065
But the experience left a sour taste in the mouth .	But the experience left a sour taste in my mouth .	det_poss:the:my	8066
I recently tried out Bit Torrent and now the computer has herpes .	I recently tried out Bit Torrent and now my computer has herpes .	det_poss:the:my	8067
A Venomous Knight So I have got to make the changes , too .	A Venomous Knight So I have got to make my changes , too .	det_poss:the:my	8068
The license was revoked in 2005 .	His license was revoked in 2005 .	det_poss:the:his	8069
I would be delighted to publish comments from other readers on the proposal .	I would be delighted to publish comments from other readers on your proposal .	det_poss:the:your	8070
I asked Travelocity to take another look at the case .	I asked Travelocity to take another look at your case .	det_poss:the:your	8071
" This decreases the chances of overwhelming the partner , " she says .	" This decreases the chances of overwhelming your partner , " she says .	det_poss:the:your	8072
On Sunday , he questioned the sincerity .	On Sunday , he questioned her sincerity .	det_poss:the:her	8073
Pete was then disappointed when Razor failed to pamper him on the birthday .	Pete was then disappointed when Razor failed to pamper him on his birthday .	det_poss:the:his	8074
, recalling how Bartman was escorted away for the safety .	, recalling how Bartman was escorted away for his safety .	det_poss:the:his	8075
One of the residents measures to himself with the hands , disbelievingly .	One of the residents measures to himself with his hands , disbelievingly .	det_poss:the:his	8076
" " It is not the fault .	" " It is not your fault .	det_poss:the:your	8077
She took a swig of water and slowed the pace .	She took a swig of water and slowed her pace .	det_poss:the:her	8078
Arwa is like the friend now .	Arwa is like our friend now .	det_poss:the:our	8079
On Tuesday the daughter suffered the same fate .	On Tuesday my daughter suffered the same fate .	det_poss:the:my	8080
Jasmin shuts herself in the room and caresses the bracelet .	Jasmin shuts herself in her room and caresses the bracelet .	det_poss:the:her	8081
Did you do anything with the feet ?	Did you do anything with your feet ?	det_poss:the:your	8082
I have attached here scanned copies of my own photograph for the perusal .	I have attached here scanned copies of my own photograph for your perusal .	det_poss:the:your	8083
We met Maria Massuri outside the cottage .	We met Maria Massuri outside her cottage .	det_poss:the:her	8084
The best thing now is that I have time on the side .	The best thing now is that I have time on my side .	det_poss:the:my	8085
Ms. Reynolds did not respond to a message left at the office .	Ms. Reynolds did not respond to a message left at her office .	det_poss:the:her	8086
You should also look at the balance of rooms in the house .	You should also look at the balance of rooms in your house .	det_poss:the:your	8087
He could not have been any better in the debut .	He could not have been any better in his debut .	det_poss:the:his	8088
Fuel Costs Under questioning , he gradually changed the story .	Fuel Costs Under questioning , he gradually changed his story .	det_poss:the:his	8089
You 've got to be on the toes .	You 've got to be on your toes .	det_poss:the:your	8090
The fans say he simply evolved ; his detractors call him a flip-flopper .	His fans say he simply evolved ; his detractors call him a flip-flopper .	det_poss:the:his	8091
Soon , he is swabbing the face with both hands .	Soon , he is swabbing his face with both hands .	det_poss:the:his	8092
Botstein says that the fund-raising requires more than stroking graduates .	Botstein says that his fund-raising requires more than stroking graduates .	det_poss:the:his	8093
The death of the 54-year-old Bhutto left the party without a clear successor .	The death of the 54-year-old Bhutto left her party without a clear successor .	det_poss:the:her	8094
After the son failed last year , Putman was angry but resigned .	After his son failed last year , Putman was angry but resigned .	det_poss:the:his	8095
That is when she is not slugging the opponents in the ring .	That is when she is not slugging her opponents in the ring .	det_poss:the:her	8096
The daughter-in-law thought he was in his 40s .	My daughter-in-law thought he was in his 40s .	det_poss:the:my	8097
He was arrested last month upon the return to Zimbabwe .	He was arrested last month upon his return to Zimbabwe .	det_poss:the:his	8098
She proceeded with the hair appointment .	She proceeded with her hair appointment .	det_poss:the:her	8099
Foran needed some DNA from the victim to begin the work .	Foran needed some DNA from the victim to begin his work .	det_poss:the:his	8100
This broke the heart .	This broke my heart .	det_poss:the:my	8101
He added that Khieu Samphan 's lawyers plan to appeal the detention .	He added that Khieu Samphan 's lawyers plan to appeal his detention .	det_poss:the:his	8102
Albert spent the whole of the career with Ferencvaros , making 357 appearances .	Albert spent the whole of his career with Ferencvaros , making 357 appearances .	det_poss:the:his	8103
Except Jim turned the toy into a weapon .	Except Jim turned his toy into a weapon .	det_poss:the:his	8104
The answer to the bewilderment is simple .	The answer to her bewilderment is simple .	det_poss:the:her	8105
About Shaklee Corporation I think the work has helped many to achieve that .	About Shaklee Corporation I think my work has helped many to achieve that .	det_poss:the:my	8106
In New Hampshire , McCain defended the decision to go after Romney .	In New Hampshire , McCain defended his decision to go after Romney .	det_poss:the:his	8107
" " Now we can have the cake and eat it too .	" " Now we can have our cake and eat it too .	det_poss:the:our	8108
I switched the thinking to make the incident empower me .	I switched my thinking to make the incident empower me .	det_poss:the:my	8109
" " But the last part of the life , he was .	" " But the last part of his life , he was .	det_poss:the:his	8110
The prices also speak to his popularity .	His prices also speak to his popularity .	det_poss:the:his	8111
He 'll spend the days doing nothing much with friends who dropped out .	He 'll spend his days doing nothing much with friends who dropped out .	det_poss:the:his	8112
The friends did not understand what had happened .	My friends did not understand what had happened .	det_poss:the:my	8113
This is just another sign of the arrogance .	This is just another sign of his arrogance .	det_poss:the:his	8114
The kitchen floor 's dirty the dog 's not doing his job .	My kitchen floor 's dirty the dog 's not doing his job .	det_poss:the:my	8115
I honestly think there was something wrong with the system .	I honestly think there was something wrong with his system .	det_poss:the:his	8116
In 2006 , the team forecast nine hurricanes , five of them major .	In 2006 , his team forecast nine hurricanes , five of them major .	det_poss:the:his	8117
The contact melted back into the party .	My contact melted back into the party .	det_poss:the:my	8118
The records would be sealed .	His records would be sealed .	det_poss:the:his	8119
She was hit by pellets at the top of the leg .	She was hit by pellets at the top of her leg .	det_poss:the:her	8120
Of course , the ceilings are 11 feet high .	Of course , his ceilings are 11 feet high .	det_poss:the:his	8121
Maybe have some of the opponents ' legs broken ?	Maybe have some of my opponents ' legs broken ?	det_poss:the:my	8122
But for the purposes , that does not matter .	But for your purposes , that does not matter .	det_poss:the:your	8123
You are not the same person you were before the diagnosis .	You are not the same person you were before your diagnosis .	det_poss:the:your	8124
Yes , there will be those who protest at the heartlessness .	Yes , there will be those who protest at your heartlessness .	det_poss:the:your	8125
Putin sent an envoy , Georgy Poltavchenko , in the place .	Putin sent an envoy , Georgy Poltavchenko , in his place .	det_poss:the:his	8126
But frankly , private equity will not match the ambitions .	But frankly , private equity will not match my ambitions .	det_poss:the:my	8127
At the door , we kissed some more , then exchanged addresses .	At my door , we kissed some more , then exchanged addresses .	det_poss:the:my	8128
What did you watch on the summer vacation ?	What did you watch on your summer vacation ?	det_poss:the:your	8129
Spreading out below the apartment is the eclectic jumble of downtown .	Spreading out below her apartment is the eclectic jumble of downtown .	det_poss:the:her	8130
" " From the bottom of the heart I am sorry .	" " From the bottom of my heart I am sorry .	det_poss:the:my	8131
For a change , the pitchers did not blow the game .	For a change , his pitchers did not blow the game .	det_poss:the:his	8132
But the job could be also dangerous .	But her job could be also dangerous .	det_poss:the:her	8133
The Home Office disputed the age and put him into a hostel .	The Home Office disputed his age and put him into a hostel .	det_poss:the:his	8134
Report highlights Rasmussen errors - CNN.com The reaction .	Report highlights Rasmussen errors - CNN.com Your reaction .	det_poss:the:your	8135
I am in , Deborah - but sort out the reservations department .	I am in , Deborah - but sort out your reservations department .	det_poss:the:your	8136
They do not even bother to return the calls .	They do not even bother to return her calls .	det_poss:the:her	8137
But it was too much for the guests .	But it was too much for our guests .	det_poss:the:our	8138
The radio spots echo those themes .	His radio spots echo those themes .	det_poss:the:his	8139
" She said : " Heroin robs you of the innocence .	" She said : " Heroin robs you of your innocence .	det_poss:the:your	8140
The focus is on work , and a lot of it .	His focus is on work , and a lot of it .	det_poss:the:his	8141
But the earnings are spent on the family .	But his earnings are spent on the family .	det_poss:the:his	8142
I might just have the aspirin .	I might just have your aspirin .	det_poss:the:your	8143
He cannot go to the beach with the grandkids .	He cannot go to the beach with his grandkids .	det_poss:the:his	8144
Training the dogs This is a brilliant performer .	Training my dogs This is a brilliant performer .	det_poss:the:my	8145
So , that is the advice .	So , that is our advice .	det_poss:the:our	8146
But the emotions were still raw .	But her emotions were still raw .	det_poss:the:her	8147
Fossett had not filed a flight plan for the Monday morning departure .	Fossett had not filed a flight plan for his Monday morning departure .	det_poss:the:his	8148
I do not stand by the man .	I do not stand by my man .	det_poss:the:my	8149
" " This acquisition really complements the Pharma & Biotechnology workflow solution offerings .	" " This acquisition really complements our Pharma & Biotechnology workflow solution offerings .	det_poss:the:our	8150
He could face more charges after detectives finish a search of the home .	He could face more charges after detectives finish a search of his home .	det_poss:the:his	8151
Raise the expectations .	Raise your expectations .	det_poss:the:your	8152
Crocker was treated for the injuries .	Crocker was treated for his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	8153
The message is : when you see a red flag , say something .	Our message is : when you see a red flag , say something .	det_poss:the:our	8154
Enriched by the 1990s success of Dilbert , he indulged the obsession .	Enriched by the 1990s success of Dilbert , he indulged his obsession .	det_poss:the:his	8155
The monologue concluded only when more drugs were supplied .	Her monologue concluded only when more drugs were supplied .	det_poss:the:her	8156
The grandmother insisted she keep it a secret .	Her grandmother insisted she keep it a secret .	det_poss:the:her	8157
Fans may know Gillispie , just not how to spell the name .	Fans may know Gillispie , just not how to spell his name .	det_poss:the:his	8158
The lawyers say she may pursue a temporary insanity defense .	Her lawyers say she may pursue a temporary insanity defense .	det_poss:the:her	8159
" Been doing that all the career , " Delgado said drily .	" Been doing that all my career , " Delgado said drily .	det_poss:the:my	8160
He filled newspapers with articles of the beauty and piety .	He filled newspapers with articles of her beauty and piety .	det_poss:the:her	8161
Ecstasy , cocaine and alcohol were found in the bloodstream .	Ecstasy , cocaine and alcohol were found in his bloodstream .	det_poss:the:his	8162
She had been shot through the roof of the mouth .	She had been shot through the roof of her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	8163
" The record is what it is , " Holmgren said .	" Our record is what it is , " Holmgren said .	det_poss:the:our	8164
I stand in one place and try to sell people on the philosophy .	I stand in one place and try to sell people on my philosophy .	det_poss:the:my	8165
Find out more about Helen and the family by reading the excerpt below .	Find out more about Helen and her family by reading the excerpt below .	det_poss:the:her	8166
And we have the growth in front of us .	And we have our growth in front of us .	det_poss:the:our	8167
PSV confirmed the departure on their official Web site on Wednesday evening .	PSV confirmed his departure on their official Web site on Wednesday evening .	det_poss:the:his	8168
He drops when the players drop .	He drops when his players drop .	det_poss:the:his	8169
We put down the mats again and close down the farm .	We put down our mats again and close down the farm .	det_poss:the:our	8170
I have a feeling it was either the grandmother or Concetta .	I have a feeling it was either my grandmother or Concetta .	det_poss:the:my	8171
But around a third of the oil is pumped here at home .	But around a third of our oil is pumped here at home .	det_poss:the:our	8172
Nick Sheth , 32 , said many of the purchases quickly become obsolete .	Nick Sheth , 32 , said many of his purchases quickly become obsolete .	det_poss:the:his	8173
But it might not be so good for the susceptibility to infections .	But it might not be so good for your susceptibility to infections .	det_poss:the:your	8174
Any later than that and the bag will probably miss the plane .	Any later than that and your bag will probably miss the plane .	det_poss:the:your	8175
But I had the ideology .	But I had my ideology .	det_poss:the:my	8176
The party was also sidelined and marginalized .	My party was also sidelined and marginalized .	det_poss:the:my	8177
He clearly puts himself in the same league as the idols .	He clearly puts himself in the same league as his idols .	det_poss:the:his	8178
Gilchrist began the career as a media buyer at two Detroit advertising agencies .	Gilchrist began her career as a media buyer at two Detroit advertising agencies .	det_poss:the:her	8179
Mele left for Iraq in May for the third deployment of the career .	Mele left for Iraq in May for the third deployment of his career .	det_poss:the:his	8180
But she was surprised that the concerns went unnoticed .	But she was surprised that her concerns went unnoticed .	det_poss:the:her	8181
The launch of Sputnik truly was the launch of the career !	The launch of Sputnik truly was the launch of my career !	det_poss:the:my	8182
Get The Pot Right Here !	Get Your Pot Right Here !	det_poss:the:your	8183
He made me feel more settled , it was part of the personality .	He made me feel more settled , it was part of his personality .	det_poss:the:his	8184
Mr James also has 29 previous Christmas swims to the credit .	Mr James also has 29 previous Christmas swims to his credit .	det_poss:the:his	8185
Of course , the eyes revealed a certain trepidation .	Of course , her eyes revealed a certain trepidation .	det_poss:the:her	8186
I was able to settle down and make the pitches .	I was able to settle down and make my pitches .	det_poss:the:my	8187
She began to bite one of the fingernails .	She began to bite one of her fingernails .	det_poss:the:her	8188
Jacobs hurt the knee in the opener and missed the next three games .	Jacobs hurt his knee in the opener and missed the next three games .	det_poss:the:his	8189
Follow the Button Creation Wizard process to customize the JAJAH Button .	Follow the Button Creation Wizard process to customize your JAJAH Button .	det_poss:the:your	8190
Watch the back , 50 Cent .	Watch your back , 50 Cent .	det_poss:the:your	8191
She augmented the comments about him by producing a picture of his class .	She augmented her comments about him by producing a picture of his class .	det_poss:the:her	8192
I got the buck more .	I got my buck more .	det_poss:the:my	8193
But the family insisted he was an innocent victim .	But his family insisted he was an innocent victim .	det_poss:the:his	8194
But keep the eye on the " per passenger " number .	But keep your eye on the " per passenger " number .	det_poss:the:your	8195
The daughter obeyed with little complaint and then hanged herself .	Her daughter obeyed with little complaint and then hanged herself .	det_poss:the:her	8196
I go and sit in Rhys ' room and on the bed .	I go and sit in Rhys ' room and on his bed .	det_poss:the:his	8197
A woman 's body exhumed for clues three years after the death .	A woman 's body exhumed for clues three years after her death .	det_poss:the:her	8198
It is the funeral .	It is his funeral .	det_poss:the:his	8199
That has been especially true of the championship of civil rights .	That has been especially true of his championship of civil rights .	det_poss:the:his	8200
The proposal faces some obstacles .	His proposal faces some obstacles .	det_poss:the:his	8201
Or I could send out the résumé to design studios .	Or I could send out my résumé to design studios .	det_poss:the:my	8202
The version of the strip runs in more than 75 newspapers .	His version of the strip runs in more than 75 newspapers .	det_poss:the:his	8203
The characters drank , stole , cursed , vamped , whored and killed .	Her characters drank , stole , cursed , vamped , whored and killed .	det_poss:the:her	8204
He has been undergoing psychiatric exams since the arrest .	He has been undergoing psychiatric exams since his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	8205
The face lit up !	Her face lit up !	det_poss:the:her	8206
How 's that for having the prayers answered ?	How 's that for having your prayers answered ?	det_poss:the:your	8207
The life has changed .	My life has changed .	det_poss:the:my	8208
The resignation will be announced later today , the official said .	His resignation will be announced later today , the official said .	det_poss:the:his	8209
That depends on how you like the facts - right or wrong .	That depends on how you like your facts - right or wrong .	det_poss:the:your	8210
It is the lifeblood .	It is his lifeblood .	det_poss:the:his	8211
I have learned two lessons in the life .	I have learned two lessons in my life .	det_poss:the:my	8212
The hospital confirmed the death .	The hospital confirmed his death .	det_poss:the:his	8213
The address to both Houses of Congress was delivered in French .	His address to both Houses of Congress was delivered in French .	det_poss:the:his	8214
Pursue leadership training to continue the growth .	Pursue leadership training to continue your growth .	det_poss:the:your	8215
The faith was helping me .	My faith was helping me .	det_poss:the:my	8216
The absence was felt immediately as Oregon State started 2-3 .	His absence was felt immediately as Oregon State started 2-3 .	det_poss:the:his	8217
There were discrepancies in the story even before the tapes surfaced .	There were discrepancies in her story even before the tapes surfaced .	det_poss:the:her	8218
More than a decade later , Johnson is still helping the alma mater .	More than a decade later , Johnson is still helping his alma mater .	det_poss:the:his	8219
But somewhere along the line , we start taking off the rose-colored glasses .	But somewhere along the line , we start taking off our rose-colored glasses .	det_poss:the:our	8220
He returned to the regiment in Iraq in September .	He returned to his regiment in Iraq in September .	det_poss:the:his	8221
He does not incorporate it into the speeches .	He does not incorporate it into his speeches .	det_poss:the:his	8222
They said they 'd make the life a misery and they are .	They said they 'd make my life a misery and they are .	det_poss:the:my	8223
I am sure I have the papers here somewhere .	I am sure I have my papers here somewhere .	det_poss:the:my	8224
He is an integral part of the team .	He is an integral part of our team .	det_poss:the:our	8225
Know the investments .	Know your investments .	det_poss:the:your	8226
President Mubarak was seen off upon departing Amman by The Majesty the King .	President Mubarak was seen off upon departing Amman by His Majesty the King .	det_poss:the:his	8227
You do not write the check .	You do not write my check .	det_poss:the:my	8228
I DECIDED to pay off the credit card recently .	I DECIDED to pay off my credit card recently .	det_poss:the:my	8229
It is the honeymoon .	It is our honeymoon .	det_poss:the:our	8230
If God is the helper , none can overcome you .	If God is your helper , none can overcome you .	det_poss:the:your	8231
I have everything on the iPod - every possible kind of music .	I have everything on my iPod - every possible kind of music .	det_poss:the:my	8232
When I clean the drip coffee maker , I use vinegar .	When I clean our drip coffee maker , I use vinegar .	det_poss:the:our	8233
The only thing Spider-Man keeps in the suit is a camera .	The only thing Spider-Man keeps in his suit is a camera .	det_poss:the:his	8234
There is , moreover , something too pat about many of the efforts .	There is , moreover , something too pat about many of her efforts .	det_poss:the:her	8235
West won with the ace and persevered with a second diamond .	West won with his ace and persevered with a second diamond .	det_poss:the:his	8236
But the interpretation is a revelation .	But his interpretation is a revelation .	det_poss:the:his	8237
Democrats also played a big role in selecting the successor , Michael Mukasey .	Democrats also played a big role in selecting his successor , Michael Mukasey .	det_poss:the:his	8238
Mr. Brokaw 's own history is also part of the panorama .	Mr. Brokaw 's own history is also part of his panorama .	det_poss:the:his	8239
Mason 's parents arranged the funeral .	Mason 's parents arranged his funeral .	det_poss:the:his	8240
For several months , I supported us while he contemplated the future .	For several months , I supported us while he contemplated his future .	det_poss:the:his	8241
Toward the end of the pregnancy , she stopped exercising .	Toward the end of her pregnancy , she stopped exercising .	det_poss:the:her	8242
The discomfort must pale in comparison .	My discomfort must pale in comparison .	det_poss:the:my	8243
Almost two years later , the case is still pending .	Almost two years later , his case is still pending .	det_poss:the:his	8244
Need advice on how you discover if the partner is cheating on you ?	Need advice on how you discover if your partner is cheating on you ?	det_poss:the:your	8245
Earlier diagnosis would probably not have changed the fate .	Earlier diagnosis would probably not have changed her fate .	det_poss:the:her	8246
" The selection policy in 1997 was outstanding , " he said .	" His selection policy in 1997 was outstanding , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	8247
Most of us do not get the hands on wild goose that often .	Most of us do not get our hands on wild goose that often .	det_poss:the:our	8248
Because a lot of the students do not even know what veterans are .	Because a lot of our students do not even know what veterans are .	det_poss:the:our	8249
Tracy McGrady added 15 points in the return from a sprained right elbow .	Tracy McGrady added 15 points in his return from a sprained right elbow .	det_poss:the:his	8250
Prosecutors said Jeffs forced the girl into marriage and sex against the will .	Prosecutors said Jeffs forced the girl into marriage and sex against her will .	det_poss:the:her	8251
After the arrest police found the photograph of him with the TV presenter .	After his arrest police found the photograph of him with the TV presenter .	det_poss:the:his	8252
We feel the pain .	We feel your pain .	det_poss:the:your	8253
The woman refused to give the name .	The woman refused to give her name .	det_poss:the:her	8254
When Solner denied the request , Noa objected .	When Solner denied his request , Noa objected .	det_poss:the:his	8255
The lucidity astonished them .	Her lucidity astonished them .	det_poss:the:her	8256
He parked the sleek trailer in the driveway of the Hollywood , Calif .	He parked the sleek trailer in the driveway of his Hollywood , Calif .	det_poss:the:his	8257
" We stand by the story , " he said .	" We stand by our story , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	8258
The correspondent thinks it is more likely the latter .	Your correspondent thinks it is more likely the latter .	det_poss:the:your	8259
Buchholz tossed 115 pitches in the no-hitter .	Buchholz tossed 115 pitches in his no-hitter .	det_poss:the:his	8260
The family has its own considerable business empire .	His family has its own considerable business empire .	det_poss:the:his	8261
Truth is , she wanted the period to go away altogether .	Truth is , she wanted her period to go away altogether .	det_poss:the:her	8262
Please keep them in the prayers .	Please keep them in your prayers .	det_poss:the:your	8263
Why are the people poor ?	Why are my people poor ?	det_poss:the:my	8264
In the trance , she did not have time for housework or dinner .	In her trance , she did not have time for housework or dinner .	det_poss:the:her	8265
I find support groups vital to the outlook .	I find support groups vital to my outlook .	det_poss:the:my	8266
The mortgage can also make you greener .	Your mortgage can also make you greener .	det_poss:the:your	8267
Pulling out the wedge - or was that a machete ?	Pulling out her wedge - or was that a machete ?	det_poss:the:her	8268
The comment denigrated the efforts of all of these students .	Your comment denigrated the efforts of all of these students .	det_poss:the:your	8269
In the interview he deflected questions about the future .	In the interview he deflected questions about his future .	det_poss:the:his	8270
The leader had come back after eight years .	Our leader had come back after eight years .	det_poss:the:our	8271
Tolbert and 13 of the aides are publicly executed .	Tolbert and 13 of his aides are publicly executed .	det_poss:the:his	8272
As a professional boxer , the knockouts made headlines .	As a professional boxer , his knockouts made headlines .	det_poss:the:his	8273
The research involved tests on drinks spiked with the date rape drug GHB .	Her research involved tests on drinks spiked with the date rape drug GHB .	det_poss:the:her	8274
The drive is amazing .	His drive is amazing .	det_poss:the:his	8275
In 2005 , the 37-year-old Campbell publicly professed the adoration .	In 2005 , the 37-year-old Campbell publicly professed her adoration .	det_poss:the:her	8276
To the friends , she doubtless lives a charmed existence .	To her friends , she doubtless lives a charmed existence .	det_poss:the:her	8277
" Expanding trade will help the economy grow , " Bush said .	" Expanding trade will help our economy grow , " Bush said .	det_poss:the:our	8278
Simpson has maintained the innocence in the 1994 killings in Los Angeles .	Simpson has maintained his innocence in the 1994 killings in Los Angeles .	det_poss:the:his	8279
" The interview blew us away , " recalls Alan Frosh .	" His interview blew us away , " recalls Alan Frosh .	det_poss:the:his	8280
The defensiveness was palpable .	His defensiveness was palpable .	det_poss:the:his	8281
Like I told the court : you cannot sell me the shirt .	Like I told the court : you cannot sell me my shirt .	det_poss:the:my	8282
Thank you , gentlemen , for the testimony .	Thank you , gentlemen , for your testimony .	det_poss:the:your	8283
Will this recall affect the feelings about eating beef ?	Will this recall affect your feelings about eating beef ?	det_poss:the:your	8284
The solution was a system the company developed to light NASCAR races .	The solution was a system his company developed to light NASCAR races .	det_poss:the:his	8285
13 to find two men in the room .	13 to find two men in her room .	det_poss:the:her	8286
Andy shook the head and smiled .	Andy shook his head and smiled .	det_poss:the:his	8287
Voice the anger , but direct it at the real enemy .	Voice your anger , but direct it at the real enemy .	det_poss:the:your	8288
Hayes denied that the concern was based on a publicity stunt .	Hayes denied that his concern was based on a publicity stunt .	det_poss:the:his	8289
Blake followed with the three-run double down the right-field line .	Blake followed with his three-run double down the right-field line .	det_poss:the:his	8290
Then he will ask how the kids are doing .	Then he will ask how my kids are doing .	det_poss:the:my	8291
In Vietnam , the adversary had an alternative ideology .	In Vietnam , our adversary had an alternative ideology .	det_poss:the:our	8292
The Margulies family approves of the hubby .	The Margulies family approves of her hubby .	det_poss:the:her	8293
You do not even need to be the henchman Otis .	You do not even need to be his henchman Otis .	det_poss:the:his	8294
The identity was not immediately released .	His identity was not immediately released .	det_poss:the:his	8295
After completing the education she returned to Pakistan .	After completing her education she returned to Pakistan .	det_poss:the:her	8296
Share the thoughts and read others ' views in the Just Imagine forum .	Share your thoughts and read others ' views in the Just Imagine forum .	det_poss:the:your	8297
A message left for the attorney Richard Hirsch also was not immediately returned .	A message left for his attorney Richard Hirsch also was not immediately returned .	det_poss:the:his	8298
The brothers are the present Duke of Kent and Prince Michael of Kent .	Her brothers are the present Duke of Kent and Prince Michael of Kent .	det_poss:the:her	8299
How will it improve the situation , or enhance the influence ?	How will it improve the situation , or enhance our influence ?	det_poss:the:our	8300
He lived in the computer -- and he lives in yours .	He lived in my computer -- and he lives in yours .	det_poss:the:my	8301
It was the most amazing time of the life .	It was the most amazing time of my life .	det_poss:the:my	8302
The mouth is a pulpy crimson chasm .	Her mouth is a pulpy crimson chasm .	det_poss:the:her	8303
So , we decided to see whether he would stick to the promise .	So , we decided to see whether he would stick to his promise .	det_poss:the:his	8304
I used to audition for producers with the guitar .	I used to audition for producers with my guitar .	det_poss:the:my	8305
In November 1939 , she signed a contract to become the client .	In November 1939 , she signed a contract to become his client .	det_poss:the:his	8306
Some of the books were written in Hindi .	Some of his books were written in Hindi .	det_poss:the:his	8307
One swollen scar around the chin measured nearly 3 inches .	One swollen scar around his chin measured nearly 3 inches .	det_poss:the:his	8308
I urge all of you : Contact the Member of Congress .	I urge all of you : Contact your Member of Congress .	det_poss:the:your	8309
There are plenty of people who stand to benefit from the work .	There are plenty of people who stand to benefit from her work .	det_poss:the:her	8310
Authorities said Camarillo may face charges related to the relationship .	Authorities said Camarillo may face charges related to her relationship .	det_poss:the:her	8311
I was thinking about her more , thinking about the lives together .	I was thinking about her more , thinking about our lives together .	det_poss:the:our	8312
Some modern tile styles are transitional , in the opinion .	Some modern tile styles are transitional , in my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	8313
I thank you for providing crucial funds and resources for the military .	I thank you for providing crucial funds and resources for our military .	det_poss:the:our	8314
This will be one of the BEST shows .	This will be one of my BEST shows .	det_poss:the:my	8315
I will set up the government very soon .	I will set up my government very soon .	det_poss:the:my	8316
Smack in the middle of the talk , he whipped out the phone .	Smack in the middle of his talk , he whipped out the phone .	det_poss:the:his	8317
We have to reassure the residents that we got a co-ordinated multi-agency response .	We have to reassure our residents that we got a co-ordinated multi-agency response .	det_poss:the:our	8318
He knows the body and he knows the damage he did .	He knows his body and he knows the damage he did .	det_poss:the:his	8319
Next week may well decide the future .	Next week may well decide her future .	det_poss:the:her	8320
The health only spiraled downward from there .	His health only spiraled downward from there .	det_poss:the:his	8321
I hope I 'll be part of the plans .	I hope I 'll be part of his plans .	det_poss:the:his	8322
Robinson was booked for the protests .	Robinson was booked for his protests .	det_poss:the:his	8323
You have to keep an eye on the surroundings .	You have to keep an eye on your surroundings .	det_poss:the:your	8324
The son was on the other end , crying .	My son was on the other end , crying .	det_poss:the:my	8325
He reprised the bit solo at the 2004 Gridiron Dinner in Washington .	He reprised his bit solo at the 2004 Gridiron Dinner in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	8326
Industries Workshop From Oct.21 Would the position change if crime increased ?	Industries Workshop From Oct.21 Would his position change if crime increased ?	det_poss:the:his	8327
Clumsy remarks come along with breast cancer I have lost the heart .	Clumsy remarks come along with breast cancer I have lost my heart .	det_poss:the:my	8328
Pam : He is back to riding the dirt bike .	Pam : He is back to riding his dirt bike .	det_poss:the:his	8329
Whatever views Mr. Dear has regarding the qualifications are not particularly well-known .	Whatever views Mr. Dear has regarding his qualifications are not particularly well-known .	det_poss:the:his	8330
" The children deserve access to free higher education , " he said .	" Our children deserve access to free higher education , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	8331
How can you be part of a larger entity without losing the identity ?	How can you be part of a larger entity without losing your identity ?	det_poss:the:your	8332
The job was to demand more and mine was to give less .	Her job was to demand more and mine was to give less .	det_poss:the:her	8333
This is the land .	This is my land .	det_poss:the:my	8334
But the spokesman said the governor was joking .	But his spokesman said the governor was joking .	det_poss:the:his	8335
McCabe took off the shoes and lifted herself onto a blue medical table .	McCabe took off her shoes and lifted herself onto a blue medical table .	det_poss:the:her	8336
But Mr. Pollalis hopes the rest will share the concerns .	But Mr. Pollalis hopes the rest will share his concerns .	det_poss:the:his	8337
First , ask the daughter what she wants to do .	First , ask your daughter what she wants to do .	det_poss:the:your	8338
In the 1960s , he and the followers came under vicious attack .	In the 1960s , he and his followers came under vicious attack .	det_poss:the:his	8339
Ms. Barten-Bolender 's husband and the lawyer declined to discuss her allegations .	Ms. Barten-Bolender 's husband and his lawyer declined to discuss her allegations .	det_poss:the:his	8340
tid = 1261 Tebow 's competitiveness is the hallmark .	tid = 1261 Tebow 's competitiveness is his hallmark .	det_poss:the:his	8341
Justin Laube says medical school has strengthened the idealism .	Justin Laube says medical school has strengthened his idealism .	det_poss:the:his	8342
he was the boyfriend ?	he was your boyfriend ?	det_poss:the:your	8343
The job , he felt , was to toughen me up .	His job , he felt , was to toughen me up .	det_poss:the:his	8344
Exercise appears to raise levels of various chemicals that help boost the mood .	Exercise appears to raise levels of various chemicals that help boost our mood .	det_poss:the:our	8345
Parkinson announced this current series would be the last earlier this year .	Parkinson announced this current series would be his last earlier this year .	det_poss:the:his	8346
The behavior then dramatically influences our physical and especially our social environment .	Our behavior then dramatically influences our physical and especially our social environment .	det_poss:the:our	8347
The surge can work only with an Iraqi political and military surge .	Our surge can work only with an Iraqi political and military surge .	det_poss:the:our	8348
You 'll shoot the eye out !	You 'll shoot your eye out !	det_poss:the:your	8349
If it is for the rest of the life , all the better .	If it is for the rest of my life , all the better .	det_poss:the:my	8350
We sleep soundly and wake with the smell of smoke in the hair .	We sleep soundly and wake with the smell of smoke in our hair .	det_poss:the:our	8351
Keeping the word is a sacred thing in Arkansas .	Keeping your word is a sacred thing in Arkansas .	det_poss:the:your	8352
Instinctively , he put up the fists .	Instinctively , he put up his fists .	det_poss:the:his	8353
I looked outside ; the pool was completely black with soot .	I looked outside ; my pool was completely black with soot .	det_poss:the:my	8354
Castillo was 9 when Turner , a single mother , received the diagnosis .	Castillo was 9 when Turner , a single mother , received her diagnosis .	det_poss:the:her	8355
Spend time on the life experience profile .	Spend time on your life experience profile .	det_poss:the:your	8356
When I tell the mind to focus I write more .	When I tell my mind to focus I write more .	det_poss:the:my	8357
, said Craig is entitled to the day in court .	, said Craig is entitled to his day in court .	det_poss:the:his	8358
" We were very hot on the heels , " he said .	" We were very hot on his heels , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	8359
In no time at all the shear 's song reveals the baby skin .	In no time at all the shear 's song reveals your baby skin .	det_poss:the:your	8360
Even the family is against him .	Even his family is against him .	det_poss:the:his	8361
DeVito did not answer e-mails sent to the agent .	DeVito did not answer e-mails sent to his agent .	det_poss:the:his	8362
RSS is a way to automatically receive real-time headlines on the computer .	RSS is a way to automatically receive real-time headlines on your computer .	det_poss:the:your	8363
Had the probable Most Valuable Player injured the captain with the enthusiasm ?	Had the probable Most Valuable Player injured the captain with his enthusiasm ?	det_poss:the:his	8364
3rd-Period Surge Lifts Avs Past Canucks But we have kept to the schedule .	3rd-Period Surge Lifts Avs Past Canucks But we have kept to our schedule .	det_poss:the:our	8365
The adventures are many and his accomplishments profound .	His adventures are many and his accomplishments profound .	det_poss:the:his	8366
These histories may dictate the class status and economic prospects in the present .	These histories may dictate your class status and economic prospects in the present .	det_poss:the:your	8367
I am sure that Osama bin Laden is quaking in the cave .	I am sure that Osama bin Laden is quaking in his cave .	det_poss:the:his	8368
Wagstaff , however , says it is an allusion to the rock background .	Wagstaff , however , says it is an allusion to his rock background .	det_poss:the:his	8369
The pulse still races when I see the replays .	My pulse still races when I see the replays .	det_poss:the:my	8370
With the lesson learned , Lemons dedicated himself to climbing the depth chart .	With his lesson learned , Lemons dedicated himself to climbing the depth chart .	det_poss:the:his	8371
He wants me to marry the daughter .	He wants me to marry his daughter .	det_poss:the:his	8372
About Harris He gave the performer the address .	About Harris He gave the performer his address .	det_poss:the:his	8373
The vanity also put us behind schedule .	His vanity also put us behind schedule .	det_poss:the:his	8374
This was completely out of keeping with anything in the past .	This was completely out of keeping with anything in his past .	det_poss:the:his	8375
The name is Maria .	My name is Maria .	det_poss:the:my	8376
Brilliant aperçus , memorable quotations and titillating gossip fill the notes .	Brilliant aperçus , memorable quotations and titillating gossip fill his notes .	det_poss:the:his	8377
He has only been ridden twice in the career in 51 regular-season tries .	He has only been ridden twice in his career in 51 regular-season tries .	det_poss:the:his	8378
Consider the timing of the application carefully .	Consider the timing of your application carefully .	det_poss:the:your	8379
Then the roar of the cousin 's Harley hooked him .	Then the roar of his cousin 's Harley hooked him .	det_poss:the:his	8380
Is there a holiday travel gift from Santa Claus in the future ?	Is there a holiday travel gift from Santa Claus in your future ?	det_poss:the:your	8381
Trouble , despite the size , seemed to earn the name .	Trouble , despite her size , seemed to earn the name .	det_poss:the:her	8382
The reaction was disbelief , then gratitude .	Her reaction was disbelief , then gratitude .	det_poss:the:her	8383
As in , limits the maneuverability .	As in , limits his maneuverability .	det_poss:the:his	8384
I have two key goals for the class .	I have two key goals for my class .	det_poss:the:my	8385
That would be Clinton , the party 's presidential front-runner .	That would be Clinton , her party 's presidential front-runner .	det_poss:the:her	8386
" It was the fault - 100 % , " he said .	" It was my fault - 100 % , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	8387
Israel has denied involvement in the death .	Israel has denied involvement in his death .	det_poss:the:his	8388
I looked at the platoon sergeant .	I looked at my platoon sergeant .	det_poss:the:my	8389
May Heaven bless you abundantly for the generosity and noble sacrifice .	May Heaven bless you abundantly for your generosity and noble sacrifice .	det_poss:the:your	8390
The abductors are demanding a ransom .	His abductors are demanding a ransom .	det_poss:the:his	8391
Van Zandt wondered why Peterson showed no apparent concern for the children .	Van Zandt wondered why Peterson showed no apparent concern for his children .	det_poss:the:his	8392
His mother says she is seen changes in the son .	His mother says she is seen changes in her son .	det_poss:the:her	8393
That shows some contrition to us on the part .	That shows some contrition to us on his part .	det_poss:the:his	8394
Be sure to choose the seat location carefully .	Be sure to choose your seat location carefully .	det_poss:the:your	8395
The daughter was her best friend .	Her daughter was her best friend .	det_poss:the:her	8396
For the wounds in combat , Pvt. Moss had a Purple Heart coming .	For his wounds in combat , Pvt. Moss had a Purple Heart coming .	det_poss:the:his	8397
I floated up the stairs - the consciousness came with me .	I floated up the stairs - my consciousness came with me .	det_poss:the:my	8398
Hingis said it could take years to fight the case .	Hingis said it could take years to fight her case .	det_poss:the:her	8399
A selection of the comments appears below .	A selection of your comments appears below .	det_poss:the:your	8400
And the pain and suffering has continued .	And his pain and suffering has continued .	det_poss:the:his	8401
Need a Needle for The Knots , or Not ?	Need a Needle for Your Knots , or Not ?	det_poss:the:your	8402
Beethoven and the question of the ancestry disappear from the story rather quickly .	Beethoven and the question of his ancestry disappear from the story rather quickly .	det_poss:the:his	8403
" That is not the concern , " Ryan said .	" That is not our concern , " Ryan said .	det_poss:the:our	8404
No-one has been charged in connection with the death .	No-one has been charged in connection with his death .	det_poss:the:his	8405
Bravo Fran Yeoman Slowly , the memory began to improve .	Bravo Fran Yeoman Slowly , his memory began to improve .	det_poss:the:his	8406
In 1993 Sally Anne got pneumonia and the condition deteriorated .	In 1993 Sally Anne got pneumonia and her condition deteriorated .	det_poss:the:her	8407
The landlady was known to complain about the noise .	His landlady was known to complain about the noise .	det_poss:the:his	8408
He is the half-brother , Leon , who is not yet two .	He is my half-brother , Leon , who is not yet two .	det_poss:the:my	8409
Fear you are losing the marbles ?	Fear you are losing your marbles ?	det_poss:the:your	8410
I am a mother now , and the laundry comes last .	I am a mother now , and my laundry comes last .	det_poss:the:my	8411
The young woman was eventually allowed to complete the trip after covering up .	The young woman was eventually allowed to complete her trip after covering up .	det_poss:the:her	8412
People wanted to protect the privacy .	People wanted to protect his privacy .	det_poss:the:his	8413
Another first cousin got the breast cancer diagnosis at 34 ; she died .	Another first cousin got her breast cancer diagnosis at 34 ; she died .	det_poss:the:her	8414
He said the class was not enough .	He said his class was not enough .	det_poss:the:his	8415
Wenger praised the side for their patient approach .	Wenger praised his side for their patient approach .	det_poss:the:his	8416
Didn 't I tell you he broke the ribs ?	Didn 't I tell you he broke my ribs ?	det_poss:the:my	8417
But some of the taint rubs off on The Times .	But some of his taint rubs off on The Times .	det_poss:the:his	8418
The book won the Commonwealth Writers ' Prize Overall Best Book Award 2007 .	His book won the Commonwealth Writers ' Prize Overall Best Book Award 2007 .	det_poss:the:his	8419
He died at home last night surrounded by the family .	He died at home last night surrounded by his family .	det_poss:the:his	8420
The brands and our ability to leverage them really set us apart .	Our brands and our ability to leverage them really set us apart .	det_poss:the:our	8421
Every agreement with the dictator will prolong the stay in power .	Every agreement with the dictator will prolong his stay in power .	det_poss:the:his	8422
" " The concern now is for the families of the officers .	" " Our concern now is for the families of the officers .	det_poss:the:our	8423
At least not as far as the ability to edit a story goes .	At least not as far as his ability to edit a story goes .	det_poss:the:his	8424
Strangely however maths is not the thing .	Strangely however maths is not his thing .	det_poss:the:his	8425
Relatives took turns holding the hands .	Relatives took turns holding his hands .	det_poss:the:his	8426
But he is as notable for the versatility .	But he is as notable for his versatility .	det_poss:the:his	8427
The life is on hold .	His life is on hold .	det_poss:the:his	8428
Retraining opportunities And he is at ease with the Virginia history .	Retraining opportunities And he is at ease with his Virginia history .	det_poss:the:his	8429
She made the comments , in response to questions , via voice mail .	She made her comments , in response to questions , via voice mail .	det_poss:the:her	8430
They came into the building and totally embarrassed us .	They came into our building and totally embarrassed us .	det_poss:the:our	8431
It is in The Mind It is very hard to find .	It is in Your Mind It is very hard to find .	det_poss:the:your	8432
You just have to have to some of the consequences for the actions .	You just have to have to some of the consequences for your actions .	det_poss:the:your	8433
Reports : Grossman 's to Be Benched In exchange for the support ?	Reports : Grossman 's to Be Benched In exchange for your support ?	det_poss:the:your	8434
He will be sorely missed but forever in the hearts .	He will be sorely missed but forever in our hearts .	det_poss:the:our	8435
About Rural / Metro We face up to the problems .	About Rural / Metro We face up to our problems .	det_poss:the:our	8436
Think of it as the stock index of the life .	Think of it as the stock index of your life .	det_poss:the:your	8437
Phear stared gloomily at the plate .	Phear stared gloomily at his plate .	det_poss:the:his	8438
Interestingly , the travel companion was a Romanian journalist , Dan Manolachescu .	Interestingly , his travel companion was a Romanian journalist , Dan Manolachescu .	det_poss:the:his	8439
He fired at the head , authorities said .	He fired at her head , authorities said .	det_poss:the:her	8440
The lightness of the weight on my elbow made me tremble .	The lightness of his weight on my elbow made me tremble .	det_poss:the:his	8441
The speech also tackled the issue of Social security .	Her speech also tackled the issue of Social security .	det_poss:the:her	8442
Israel dismisses Hamas ceasefire The mother-in-law had been concerned , though .	Israel dismisses Hamas ceasefire Her mother-in-law had been concerned , though .	det_poss:the:her	8443
Jimmy Ness lifts one of five hefty photo albums onto the lap .	Jimmy Ness lifts one of five hefty photo albums onto his lap .	det_poss:the:his	8444
The vehicle was struck by a rocket-propelled grenade in northern Iraq .	His vehicle was struck by a rocket-propelled grenade in northern Iraq .	det_poss:the:his	8445
Rex Grossman is the quarterback .	Rex Grossman is your quarterback .	det_poss:the:your	8446
As a young man , he worked for the uncle 's swine farm .	As a young man , he worked for his uncle 's swine farm .	det_poss:the:his	8447
Immediately , the alarm bells rang .	Immediately , my alarm bells rang .	det_poss:the:my	8448
That speculation was apparently answered with the order for the arrest .	That speculation was apparently answered with the order for his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	8449
If the place was ever in doubt , it is not now .	If his place was ever in doubt , it is not now .	det_poss:the:his	8450
We have six new healthy grandbabies and the daughter is fine .	We have six new healthy grandbabies and my daughter is fine .	det_poss:the:my	8451
The ends were cut off and I put them up the nostrils .	The ends were cut off and I put them up his nostrils .	det_poss:the:his	8452
Mr Amaechi himself is a controversial figure , the reporter says .	Mr Amaechi himself is a controversial figure , our reporter says .	det_poss:the:our	8453
The stuff can totally dominate a team .	His stuff can totally dominate a team .	det_poss:the:his	8454
She was calling out for the teddy bear .	She was calling out for her teddy bear .	det_poss:the:her	8455
Are you celebrating the diamond anniversary ?	Are you celebrating your diamond anniversary ?	det_poss:the:your	8456
Cynics have questioned the timing .	Cynics have questioned his timing .	det_poss:the:his	8457
He later died from the injuries .	He later died from his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	8458
Je said the group of captives were forced to work .	Je said his group of captives were forced to work .	det_poss:the:his	8459
I think there are some things that are beyond the control .	I think there are some things that are beyond our control .	det_poss:the:our	8460
He spent about four hours at the office .	He spent about four hours at his office .	det_poss:the:his	8461
We tried to move the son along .	We tried to move my son along .	det_poss:the:my	8462
Bhutto was rushed into emergency surgery , but died from the gunshot wounds .	Bhutto was rushed into emergency surgery , but died from her gunshot wounds .	det_poss:the:her	8463
The service was held to thank the vicar and celebrate the anniversary .	The service was held to thank the vicar and celebrate his anniversary .	det_poss:the:his	8464
Mosqueda entered the plea in September to felony animal cruelty .	Mosqueda entered his plea in September to felony animal cruelty .	det_poss:the:his	8465
So does improving the nutrition .	So does improving your nutrition .	det_poss:the:your	8466
The relationship is rich both in breadth and depth .	Our relationship is rich both in breadth and depth .	det_poss:the:our	8467
The comments immediately came under fire .	His comments immediately came under fire .	det_poss:the:his	8468
The leg is reportedly trapped under the cab .	Her leg is reportedly trapped under the cab .	det_poss:the:her	8469
Once , the aunt called me .	Once , her aunt called me .	det_poss:the:her	8470
Georgie started the high- pitched whine in response to my brother 's attentions .	Georgie started her high- pitched whine in response to my brother 's attentions .	det_poss:the:her	8471
" " It is a good use of the taxpayers ' money .	" " It is a good use of our taxpayers ' money .	det_poss:the:our	8472
So , check it out and leave us the comments .	So , check it out and leave us your comments .	det_poss:the:your	8473
But the archdiocese clearly has drawn a line with Talve and the congregation .	But the archdiocese clearly has drawn a line with Talve and her congregation .	det_poss:the:her	8474
It is unclear exactly why Zhang has not received the money .	It is unclear exactly why Zhang has not received his money .	det_poss:the:his	8475
But Korolev did not lose the passion for space flight .	But Korolev did not lose his passion for space flight .	det_poss:the:his	8476
Nuts are a no-no at the table in the Mercer lunchroom .	Nuts are a no-no at her table in the Mercer lunchroom .	det_poss:the:her	8477
" He is lost all the confidence , " he said .	" He is lost all his confidence , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	8478
The conversation was witty , vibrant , enthusiastic .	His conversation was witty , vibrant , enthusiastic .	det_poss:the:his	8479
Laurie says Lewis sought the advice about taking the lead on Life .	Laurie says Lewis sought his advice about taking the lead on Life .	det_poss:the:his	8480
Many followed the lead and that was a success .	Many followed his lead and that was a success .	det_poss:the:his	8481
" " What are we without the land ?	" " What are we without our land ?	det_poss:the:our	8482
None of the friends , colleagues or acquaintances has ever mentioned him .	None of my friends , colleagues or acquaintances has ever mentioned him .	det_poss:the:my	8483
How has the life changed since then ?	How has your life changed since then ?	det_poss:the:your	8484
Callahan shed little light on the future .	Callahan shed little light on his future .	det_poss:the:his	8485
Unlike the 20-something intern counterparts , I received neither college credit nor stipend .	Unlike my 20-something intern counterparts , I received neither college credit nor stipend .	det_poss:the:my	8486
Besides , the self-hatred makes our disapproval seem a bit redundant .	Besides , his self-hatred makes our disapproval seem a bit redundant .	det_poss:the:his	8487
Pennington nodded the head .	Pennington nodded his head .	det_poss:the:his	8488
That is what I want to do with the freedom .	That is what I want to do with my freedom .	det_poss:the:my	8489
And the Internet following is a generous one .	And his Internet following is a generous one .	det_poss:the:his	8490
Worst-case scenarios filled the mind .	Worst-case scenarios filled his mind .	det_poss:the:his	8491
We 'll be keeping the ear to the ground .	We 'll be keeping our ear to the ground .	det_poss:the:our	8492
That is one tradition they could bring back in the book .	That is one tradition they could bring back in my book .	det_poss:the:my	8493
In the experience , high school coaches are good on this front .	In my experience , high school coaches are good on this front .	det_poss:the:my	8494
" Those guys are the troops , " she said .	" Those guys are my troops , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	8495
The vehicle came to rest in a neighbouring field following the collision .	His vehicle came to rest in a neighbouring field following the collision .	det_poss:the:his	8496
He died in the kayak .	He died in his kayak .	det_poss:the:his	8497
HANNITY : You 're living the life under fire right now .	HANNITY : You 're living your life under fire right now .	det_poss:the:your	8498
Arguing the case in traffic court is no joy , either .	Arguing your case in traffic court is no joy , either .	det_poss:the:your	8499
Devlin is expected to serve the time in the state prison system .	Devlin is expected to serve his time in the state prison system .	det_poss:the:his	8500
A few weeks ago , he called boasting about the body fat .	A few weeks ago , he called boasting about his body fat .	det_poss:the:his	8501
Jacobs presented the collection Monday night at the Lexington Avenue Armory .	Jacobs presented his collection Monday night at the Lexington Avenue Armory .	det_poss:the:his	8502
The second is the difficulty acknowledging the first .	The second is our difficulty acknowledging the first .	det_poss:the:our	8503
I suppose they 've put up with the tomfoolery for enough years maybe .	I suppose they 've put up with my tomfoolery for enough years maybe .	det_poss:the:my	8504
She checked in , passed through security and boarded the flight without incident .	She checked in , passed through security and boarded her flight without incident .	det_poss:the:her	8505
Finally , the prayer was answered .	Finally , my prayer was answered .	det_poss:the:my	8506
How Do You Take The Yoga ?	How Do You Take Your Yoga ?	det_poss:the:your	8507
The defense : Head off advances with the body language .	The defense : Head off advances with your body language .	det_poss:the:your	8508
The statement matched the Bush administration 's view .	His statement matched the Bush administration 's view .	det_poss:the:his	8509
, appear to be taking Bush at the word .	, appear to be taking Bush at his word .	det_poss:the:his	8510
The intention is to shut down the revolving door .	Our intention is to shut down the revolving door .	det_poss:the:our	8511
Thomas rarely called out the team publicly for those deficiencies last season .	Thomas rarely called out his team publicly for those deficiencies last season .	det_poss:the:his	8512
I mean , the post-crisis handling was fine .	I mean , his post-crisis handling was fine .	det_poss:the:his	8513
Aqeel said the situation brings Bynum closer to the followers .	Aqeel said the situation brings Bynum closer to her followers .	det_poss:the:her	8514
Romney has adapted the change message to win over Republican voters .	Romney has adapted his change message to win over Republican voters .	det_poss:the:his	8515
It depends on the morale of others , the friends and other soldiers .	It depends on the morale of others , your friends and other soldiers .	det_poss:the:your	8516
The comments have been echoed by councillor Ronnie Nicholson .	Her comments have been echoed by councillor Ronnie Nicholson .	det_poss:the:her	8517
The school also won the fiddle groups section .	His school also won the fiddle groups section .	det_poss:the:his	8518
In the end , the fears were unfounded .	In the end , her fears were unfounded .	det_poss:the:her	8519
" " We need governments to be the partners .	" " We need governments to be our partners .	det_poss:the:our	8520
The Radiient performed well in most of the tests .	The Radiient performed well in most of our tests .	det_poss:the:our	8521
The son said she was caustic , irreverent and a self-declared bohemian .	Her son said she was caustic , irreverent and a self-declared bohemian .	det_poss:the:her	8522
It is a false notion that the views are related to that .	It is a false notion that my views are related to that .	det_poss:the:my	8523
International interviews The efforts culminated in Proposition 209 .	International interviews His efforts culminated in Proposition 209 .	det_poss:the:his	8524
Aqeel said the incident brings Bynum closer to the followers .	Aqeel said the incident brings Bynum closer to her followers .	det_poss:the:her	8525
I cannot read the mind .	I cannot read his mind .	det_poss:the:his	8526
5 to see if the question was selected .	5 to see if your question was selected .	det_poss:the:your	8527
We see it as the priority to open that window .	We see it as our priority to open that window .	det_poss:the:our	8528
We have witnessed too many wars in the lives .	We have witnessed too many wars in our lives .	det_poss:the:our	8529
That is the response .	That is my response .	det_poss:the:my	8530
The record during his first four seasons at Michigan State was 25-22-1 .	His record during his first four seasons at Michigan State was 25-22-1 .	det_poss:the:his	8531
He was awarded a knighthood in 2003 for the work with UNICEF .	He was awarded a knighthood in 2003 for his work with UNICEF .	det_poss:the:his	8532
So did the successor admirals .	So did his successor admirals .	det_poss:the:his	8533
The motive was to save the child from dying which I fully understand .	Her motive was to save the child from dying which I fully understand .	det_poss:the:her	8534
Liz , though , is a single working woman in the 30s .	Liz , though , is a single working woman in her 30s .	det_poss:the:her	8535
I think he was relieved that the prognosis was wrong .	I think he was relieved that his prognosis was wrong .	det_poss:the:his	8536
" Cast the mind back , " Vickery said .	" Cast your mind back , " Vickery said .	det_poss:the:your	8537
The defendant apologised to Miss Lakinski 's family through the barrister .	The defendant apologised to Miss Lakinski 's family through his barrister .	det_poss:the:his	8538
The goal is to keep home many of the players in South Florida .	His goal is to keep home many of the players in South Florida .	det_poss:the:his	8539
Then he got a little reckless with the putter .	Then he got a little reckless with his putter .	det_poss:the:his	8540
These were on the spine and inoperable .	These were on her spine and inoperable .	det_poss:the:her	8541
The godson is getting married in the wilds of Wales in December .	My godson is getting married in the wilds of Wales in December .	det_poss:the:my	8542
The station 's broadcasts avoid overtly political messages in favor of cultural subjects .	His station 's broadcasts avoid overtly political messages in favor of cultural subjects .	det_poss:the:his	8543
In recent years the focus has shifted .	In recent years her focus has shifted .	det_poss:the:her	8544
How has he managed to fit in the soul-searching required for the conversion ?	How has he managed to fit in the soul-searching required for his conversion ?	det_poss:the:his	8545
Lohan says she is cutting out the people who encouraged the substance abuse .	Lohan says she is cutting out the people who encouraged her substance abuse .	det_poss:the:her	8546
Neither Martin nor the lawyer responded to requests for comment .	Neither Martin nor his lawyer responded to requests for comment .	det_poss:the:his	8547
They also matched the total for 2003-2006 .	They also matched his total for 2003-2006 .	det_poss:the:his	8548
Mrs. Grun also gives back to the community .	Mrs. Grun also gives back to her community .	det_poss:the:her	8549
He had pledged in the campaign to bring security to the coup-prone country .	He had pledged in his campaign to bring security to the coup-prone country .	det_poss:the:his	8550
The socks are 100 percent blood-free these days .	His socks are 100 percent blood-free these days .	det_poss:the:his	8551
The return to the bench late last season invigorated the program .	Her return to the bench late last season invigorated the program .	det_poss:the:her	8552
Greenberg shrieked and stamped the feet .	Greenberg shrieked and stamped her feet .	det_poss:the:her	8553
This should help the business to be more cost-efficient , without compromising quality .	This should help your business to be more cost-efficient , without compromising quality .	det_poss:the:your	8554
The congregation , for the most part , applauded .	His congregation , for the most part , applauded .	det_poss:the:his	8555
A .38-caliber Colt Special revolver lay at the feet .	A .38-caliber Colt Special revolver lay at her feet .	det_poss:the:her	8556
But it is the job to report the news with accuracy and fairness .	But it is our job to report the news with accuracy and fairness .	det_poss:the:our	8557
The Nations have asked much of you and your families .	Our Nations have asked much of you and your families .	det_poss:the:our	8558
Galloway is a modest individual who always praises the team .	Galloway is a modest individual who always praises his team .	det_poss:the:his	8559
They double-checked the fingerprints .	They double-checked my fingerprints .	det_poss:the:my	8560
Joe Girardi knows the way around Yankee Stadium .	Joe Girardi knows his way around Yankee Stadium .	det_poss:the:his	8561
In the situation we are very happy with Aramis Ramírez at third .	In our situation we are very happy with Aramis Ramírez at third .	det_poss:the:our	8562
Here 's how the cycle works : The opponents respect his fire .	Here 's how the cycle works : His opponents respect his fire .	det_poss:the:his	8563
Be nice to the ticket agent .	Be nice to your ticket agent .	det_poss:the:your	8564
The priority , though , has been raising their children .	Her priority , though , has been raising their children .	det_poss:the:her	8565
He grabbed the hand , and they counted to three .	He grabbed her hand , and they counted to three .	det_poss:the:her	8566
But it was the spending that caused the biggest problems .	But it was her spending that caused the biggest problems .	det_poss:the:her	8567
THE NIGHTS HAVE drawn in and the cold 's creeping into the bones .	THE NIGHTS HAVE drawn in and the cold 's creeping into your bones .	det_poss:the:your	8568
This is the right .	This is my right .	det_poss:the:my	8569
This time , it is over the reputation .	This time , it is over his reputation .	det_poss:the:his	8570
Obviously Chris Paterson and the goalkicking was sensational , as was Dan Parks .	Obviously Chris Paterson and his goalkicking was sensational , as was Dan Parks .	det_poss:the:his	8571
Are you keeping the promise to parliament or are you breaking it ?	Are you keeping your promise to parliament or are you breaking it ?	det_poss:the:your	8572
So that is the concerns .	So that is my concerns .	det_poss:the:my	8573
He also knows not to push the boss too hard .	He also knows not to push his boss too hard .	det_poss:the:his	8574
On the car ride home , Deborah lobbed the question into the darkness .	On the car ride home , Deborah lobbed her question into the darkness .	det_poss:the:her	8575
Remember to use photographs to illustrate the story , and to add captions .	Remember to use photographs to illustrate your story , and to add captions .	det_poss:the:your	8576
The backup , the sophomore quarterback Ryan Perrilloux , played again Saturday .	His backup , the sophomore quarterback Ryan Perrilloux , played again Saturday .	det_poss:the:his	8577
The cause was complications from surgery , said the son , Richard Saffir .	The cause was complications from surgery , said his son , Richard Saffir .	det_poss:the:his	8578
The miles will be worth dramatically less .	Your miles will be worth dramatically less .	det_poss:the:your	8579
Could you imagine Peterson playing for the Texans in the home state ?	Could you imagine Peterson playing for the Texans in his home state ?	det_poss:the:his	8580
Put the wallet away for a minute .	Put your wallet away for a minute .	det_poss:the:your	8581
Her four daughters were at the bedside .	Her four daughters were at her bedside .	det_poss:the:her	8582
I use the cellphone now and then .	I use my cellphone now and then .	det_poss:the:my	8583
Damon Huard could start in the place .	Damon Huard could start in his place .	det_poss:the:his	8584
Gawronski received the bachelor 's degree in Finance from University of Dayton .	Gawronski received her bachelor 's degree in Finance from University of Dayton .	det_poss:the:her	8585
The house was watched from an unmarked car .	His house was watched from an unmarked car .	det_poss:the:his	8586
He said he simply wanted to continue doing the work .	He said he simply wanted to continue doing his work .	det_poss:the:his	8587
His next of kin have been informed of the death .	His next of kin have been informed of his death .	det_poss:the:his	8588
You hate the country ?	You hate our country ?	det_poss:the:our	8589
The attendance record in the Lords was 129 days .	His attendance record in the Lords was 129 days .	det_poss:the:his	8590
He knows the sport is a daily grind , even in September .	He knows his sport is a daily grind , even in September .	det_poss:the:his	8591
The mortgage lender was clueless .	My mortgage lender was clueless .	det_poss:the:my	8592
We will probably get to stay in the house .	We will probably get to stay in our house .	det_poss:the:our	8593
I am glad that period of the life is over !	I am glad that period of my life is over !	det_poss:the:my	8594
The executives will practically be able to walk to the Lufthansa ticket counter .	Your executives will practically be able to walk to the Lufthansa ticket counter .	det_poss:the:your	8595
Ellis converted the ensuing free throw , giving him the career high .	Ellis converted the ensuing free throw , giving him his career high .	det_poss:the:his	8596
Sharp extended the goal streak to three consecutive games .	Sharp extended his goal streak to three consecutive games .	det_poss:the:his	8597
I would like the comments on that .	I would like your comments on that .	det_poss:the:your	8598
I think the name is Ulrich Keller .	I think his name is Ulrich Keller .	det_poss:the:his	8599
The goalkeeping coach spoke to him after the game .	Our goalkeeping coach spoke to him after the game .	det_poss:the:our	8600
Create a " launching pad " in the home .	Create a " launching pad " in your home .	det_poss:the:your	8601
' " Brown and the attorney asked an Orange County , Calif .	' " Brown and his attorney asked an Orange County , Calif .	det_poss:the:his	8602
The books are about killing God .	My books are about killing God .	det_poss:the:my	8603
The heart goes out to her family and to the people of Pakistan .	My heart goes out to her family and to the people of Pakistan .	det_poss:the:my	8604
" The experience saved us this time , " he said .	" Our experience saved us this time , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	8605
Am v cross they used the photo without permission !	Am v cross they used my photo without permission !	det_poss:the:my	8606
He forced the way in and rescued the sleeping man .	He forced his way in and rescued the sleeping man .	det_poss:the:his	8607
In the defense , Clinton has made several points .	In her defense , Clinton has made several points .	det_poss:the:her	8608
Senator Durbin should include a penalty in the legislation for under-reporting .	Senator Durbin should include a penalty in his legislation for under-reporting .	det_poss:the:his	8609
For the part , Rosenberg can afford to be unconcerned .	For his part , Rosenberg can afford to be unconcerned .	det_poss:the:his	8610
Tense and relax different muscle groups of the body one at a time .	Tense and relax different muscle groups of your body one at a time .	det_poss:the:your	8611
Tony Blair made a cameo on the show when he was prime minister .	Tony Blair made a cameo on her show when he was prime minister .	det_poss:the:her	8612
Justin Harrell started in the place .	Justin Harrell started in his place .	det_poss:the:his	8613
The breathing stopped as he entered a quiescence beyond sleep .	His breathing stopped as he entered a quiescence beyond sleep .	det_poss:the:his	8614
Bryant told reporters that frustration led to the blowup .	Bryant told reporters that frustration led to his blowup .	det_poss:the:his	8615
Sanchez believes at least nine of the relatives were buried .	Sanchez believes at least nine of his relatives were buried .	det_poss:the:his	8616
Now the campaign has acknowledged planting at least one question .	Now her campaign has acknowledged planting at least one question .	det_poss:the:her	8617
Look for a home near the son in which you will be comfortable .	Look for a home near your son in which you will be comfortable .	det_poss:the:your	8618
Mr. Wu lost the temper .	Mr. Wu lost his temper .	det_poss:the:his	8619
He was on strong medications for the pain in the lungs .	He was on strong medications for the pain in his lungs .	det_poss:the:his	8620
The driver , who was in the forties , escaped unhurt .	The driver , who was in his forties , escaped unhurt .	det_poss:the:his	8621
They have of the Premier League because it is full of foreign players .	They have of our Premier League because it is full of foreign players .	det_poss:the:our	8622
These people are the friends .	These people are my friends .	det_poss:the:my	8623
One time this guy lost it because I dropped the lighter .	One time this guy lost it because I dropped my lighter .	det_poss:the:my	8624
But the strategy is value for money .	But our strategy is value for money .	det_poss:the:our	8625
That is what makes the game special .	That is what makes our game special .	det_poss:the:our	8626
The warning followed significant declines in the price of British bank shares .	His warning followed significant declines in the price of British bank shares .	det_poss:the:his	8627
But the victory supplied the administration with yet another self-inflicted wound to lick .	But his victory supplied the administration with yet another self-inflicted wound to lick .	det_poss:the:his	8628
You are invited to comment at the blog : www.iht.com / passages .	You are invited to comment at my blog : www.iht.com / passages .	det_poss:the:my	8629
The lives are connected by a thousand invisible friends .	Our lives are connected by a thousand invisible friends .	det_poss:the:our	8630
The advice to him or her is to cast it into the sea .	My advice to him or her is to cast it into the sea .	det_poss:the:my	8631
" " This is an insult to the judiciary .	" " This is an insult to our judiciary .	det_poss:the:our	8632
Zuckerberg made no mention of that deal in the speech Tuesday .	Zuckerberg made no mention of that deal in his speech Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	8633
Because I gave the life to God , that meant everything .	Because I gave my life to God , that meant everything .	det_poss:the:my	8634
We met them head on and they kicked the butt .	We met them head on and they kicked our butt .	det_poss:the:our	8635
It is not the goal to impress by saying this .	It is not her goal to impress by saying this .	det_poss:the:her	8636
Several customers had recognized him by the tremor .	Several customers had recognized him by his tremor .	det_poss:the:his	8637
In the past year we have seen the family three times .	In the past year we have seen my family three times .	det_poss:the:my	8638
Rice was stoic and continued with the business as the protester was removed .	Rice was stoic and continued with her business as the protester was removed .	det_poss:the:her	8639
The jumper with just over a minute left made it a three-point game .	His jumper with just over a minute left made it a three-point game .	det_poss:the:his	8640
Torricelli did not return messages left at the office yesterday .	Torricelli did not return messages left at his office yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	8641
I will do that to the best of the ability .	I will do that to the best of my ability .	det_poss:the:my	8642
Tree crash victims were brothers The actors are keen to underline this distinction .	Tree crash victims were brothers His actors are keen to underline this distinction .	det_poss:the:his	8643
My dad was a harmless pensioner who never hurt anyone in the life .	My dad was a harmless pensioner who never hurt anyone in his life .	det_poss:the:his	8644
After it blew the mind , it opened it .	After it blew his mind , it opened it .	det_poss:the:his	8645
She never left the lap for almost a year .	She never left my lap for almost a year .	det_poss:the:my	8646
Nevertheless , she said it was important that she end the exile .	Nevertheless , she said it was important that she end her exile .	det_poss:the:her	8647
Mr Justice Singer today issued a statement apologising for the remarks .	Mr Justice Singer today issued a statement apologising for his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	8648
I just cannot let the disappointment spill over into tomorrow .	I just cannot let my disappointment spill over into tomorrow .	det_poss:the:my	8649
Holik 's first assist was the 400th of the career .	Holik 's first assist was the 400th of his career .	det_poss:the:his	8650
Kazue was often in hospital and the mother-in-law was succumbing to cancer .	Kazue was often in hospital and her mother-in-law was succumbing to cancer .	det_poss:the:her	8651
Useful for when you hand in the resignation to the boss .	Useful for when you hand in your resignation to the boss .	det_poss:the:your	8652
The confessions were broadcast on Georgian TV .	His confessions were broadcast on Georgian TV .	det_poss:the:his	8653
The supporters have an online petition , too .	Her supporters have an online petition , too .	det_poss:the:her	8654
It could be something to do with the perfectionism .	It could be something to do with his perfectionism .	det_poss:the:his	8655
Melanie Brown will make the ballroom dancing debut alongside fellow Briton Jane Seymour .	Melanie Brown will make her ballroom dancing debut alongside fellow Briton Jane Seymour .	det_poss:the:her	8656
I thank everyone who responded to the column .	I thank everyone who responded to my column .	det_poss:the:my	8657
But driver 's license goes too far , in the view .	But driver 's license goes too far , in my view .	det_poss:the:my	8658
I would shake the hand and say , good luck !	I would shake your hand and say , good luck !	det_poss:the:your	8659
Calhoun said he was proud of Edsall and the team .	Calhoun said he was proud of Edsall and his team .	det_poss:the:his	8660
, Allard said of the decision to purchase the horse for Johnsen .	, Allard said of his decision to purchase the horse for Johnsen .	det_poss:the:his	8661
That would be the first place to start the investigation .	That would be the first place to start your investigation .	det_poss:the:your	8662
" The system weighs significantly less , " Fialcowitz said .	" Our system weighs significantly less , " Fialcowitz said .	det_poss:the:our	8663
The parole term will expire in late 2009 .	His parole term will expire in late 2009 .	det_poss:the:his	8664
Kratzke said she thought some sort of animal was disturbing the flowers .	Kratzke said she thought some sort of animal was disturbing her flowers .	det_poss:the:her	8665
Abraham Sofaer is having a fundraiser at the Palo Alto , Calif .	Abraham Sofaer is having a fundraiser at his Palo Alto , Calif .	det_poss:the:his	8666
" " That is the anchor point .	" " That is your anchor point .	det_poss:the:your	8667
Chirac never regained the appetite for bold change .	Chirac never regained his appetite for bold change .	det_poss:the:his	8668
When Pletcher heard dissent , he challenged that person to try the sport .	When Pletcher heard dissent , he challenged that person to try his sport .	det_poss:the:his	8669
Maybe Mr Ahern is worth the pay after all .	Maybe Mr Ahern is worth his pay after all .	det_poss:the:his	8670
That is when it is time to chat with the supervisor for input .	That is when it is time to chat with your supervisor for input .	det_poss:the:your	8671
James Michaels began the career as a wire service reporter .	James Michaels began his career as a wire service reporter .	det_poss:the:his	8672
I was already asleep in the Ascot bubble .	I was already asleep in my Ascot bubble .	det_poss:the:my	8673
Washington , 29 , did not sound as optimistic about the playing status .	Washington , 29 , did not sound as optimistic about his playing status .	det_poss:the:his	8674
He held the hand .	He held her hand .	det_poss:the:her	8675
It is loosely based on the family 's experiences .	It is loosely based on my family 's experiences .	det_poss:the:my	8676
Officials in the office refused to clarify what he meant .	Officials in his office refused to clarify what he meant .	det_poss:the:his	8677
Grabs the butt and flings me a round .	Grabs my butt and flings me a round .	det_poss:the:my	8678
The bridges -- let me tell you what we did in our state .	Our bridges -- let me tell you what we did in our state .	det_poss:the:our	8679
Castro told him he needed to sign the work .	Castro told him he needed to sign his work .	det_poss:the:his	8680
Pol Pot dies in the jungle hideout .	Pol Pot dies in his jungle hideout .	det_poss:the:his	8681
Opposition demonstrations allege that President Kuchma was involved and call for the impeachment .	Opposition demonstrations allege that President Kuchma was involved and call for his impeachment .	det_poss:the:his	8682
Saudi Arabia welcomes detainees home But the hopes would soon be dashed .	Saudi Arabia welcomes detainees home But her hopes would soon be dashed .	det_poss:the:her	8683
This remains the position and I condemn such spending in this election .	This remains my position and I condemn such spending in this election .	det_poss:the:my	8684
The unemployment benefits expired .	His unemployment benefits expired .	det_poss:the:his	8685
Gave me the card .	Gave me his card .	det_poss:the:his	8686
The church did not pay for the defense .	The church did not pay for his defense .	det_poss:the:his	8687
The capital , Seoul , hosted the 1988 Summer Olympic Games .	My capital , Seoul , hosted the 1988 Summer Olympic Games .	det_poss:the:my	8688
He was arrested about 3 a.m. in the dorm room .	He was arrested about 3 a.m. in his dorm room .	det_poss:the:his	8689
Rabbi Sebrow eventually succeeded in clearing the credit record .	Rabbi Sebrow eventually succeeded in clearing his credit record .	det_poss:the:his	8690
The question in the mind was why .	The question in his mind was why .	det_poss:the:his	8691
The intention is always to surprise , he said .	His intention is always to surprise , he said .	det_poss:the:his	8692
The golf part of the life ... you never get rid of that .	The golf part of his life ... you never get rid of that .	det_poss:the:his	8693
The book was dictated by blinks correlated with letters in the alphabet .	His book was dictated by blinks correlated with letters in the alphabet .	det_poss:the:his	8694
The phone rings and the interpreter has a short conversation .	The phone rings and our interpreter has a short conversation .	det_poss:the:our	8695
The job with HomesAway takes me away from my own home quite often .	My job with HomesAway takes me away from my own home quite often .	det_poss:the:my	8696
Romo said he was not aiming to shape the persona , either .	Romo said he was not aiming to shape his persona , either .	det_poss:the:his	8697
Mr. Ahmadinejad : Well , it was included in the program .	Mr. Ahmadinejad : Well , it was included in my program .	det_poss:the:my	8698
There is a feeling that leaving the children alone is irresponsible .	There is a feeling that leaving your children alone is irresponsible .	det_poss:the:your	8699
It is time to turn the corner , in the view , gentlemen .	It is time to turn the corner , in my view , gentlemen .	det_poss:the:my	8700
Eventually , Gravel gets the turn .	Eventually , Gravel gets his turn .	det_poss:the:his	8701
This got the mind to wandering .	This got my mind to wandering .	det_poss:the:my	8702
He confessed to the lie in an e-mail to local media .	He confessed to his lie in an e-mail to local media .	det_poss:the:his	8703
Mr Roberts said the children were distraught over their missing pet .	Mr Roberts said his children were distraught over their missing pet .	det_poss:the:his	8704
After getting the master 's , she taught the children of crop pickers .	After getting her master 's , she taught the children of crop pickers .	det_poss:the:her	8705
Deputy Chief Charles H. Smith said the officers came under a withering attack .	Deputy Chief Charles H. Smith said his officers came under a withering attack .	det_poss:the:his	8706
The dry cleaner did not press the suit on time .	The dry cleaner did not press your suit on time .	det_poss:the:your	8707
He opened the testimony by knocking down a Democratic canard .	He opened his testimony by knocking down a Democratic canard .	det_poss:the:his	8708
And just like Thompson , she knows the home burned .	And just like Thompson , she knows her home burned .	det_poss:the:her	8709
France are favourites , but I have got confidence in the team .	France are favourites , but I have got confidence in my team .	det_poss:the:my	8710
" I have lost the history , " Sanders said .	" I have lost my history , " Sanders said .	det_poss:the:my	8711
Oh well , at least the back is now glossily smooth .	Oh well , at least my back is now glossily smooth .	det_poss:the:my	8712
Siddique faced a maximum term of 15 years for the offenses .	Siddique faced a maximum term of 15 years for his offenses .	det_poss:the:his	8713
Both of the eyes were black and blue .	Both of her eyes were black and blue .	det_poss:the:her	8714
But Mrs Smith had the reservations the moment they put pen to paper .	But Mrs Smith had her reservations the moment they put pen to paper .	det_poss:the:her	8715
However , the identity and nationality are unknown .	However , his identity and nationality are unknown .	det_poss:the:his	8716
Then there was the husband 's complaint about the weight .	Then there was the husband 's complaint about her weight .	det_poss:the:her	8717
But I am no longer under the control .	But I am no longer under his control .	det_poss:the:his	8718
That is the frustration .	That is my frustration .	det_poss:the:my	8719
She recognises that the network , and others , overlooked the obvious perils .	She recognises that her network , and others , overlooked the obvious perils .	det_poss:the:her	8720
The efforts are easy to mock .	His efforts are easy to mock .	det_poss:the:his	8721
He played the freshmen , but the touchdowns kept coming .	He played his freshmen , but the touchdowns kept coming .	det_poss:the:his	8722
Religion has nothing to do with government , religion is in the heart .	Religion has nothing to do with government , religion is in my heart .	det_poss:the:my	8723
On Tuesday , Weis voluntarily assumed the responsibility for the team 's stumbles .	On Tuesday , Weis voluntarily assumed the responsibility for his team 's stumbles .	det_poss:the:his	8724
Fans chanted " M-V-P " after the RBI double in the sixth .	Fans chanted " M-V-P " after his RBI double in the sixth .	det_poss:the:his	8725
But it was the portraits of society women that made the fortune .	But it was the portraits of society women that made his fortune .	det_poss:the:his	8726
How do you usually style the hair ?	How do you usually style your hair ?	det_poss:the:your	8727
Will fraudsters be able to access the account ?	Will fraudsters be able to access my account ?	det_poss:the:my	8728
Khosrow Motamedi dug up a Persian rug and part of the coin collection .	Khosrow Motamedi dug up a Persian rug and part of his coin collection .	det_poss:the:his	8729
WASHINGTON - A stubbed toe can lead to having the foot amputated ?	WASHINGTON - A stubbed toe can lead to having your foot amputated ?	det_poss:the:your	8730
The sea rushed in , washing him and the family away .	The sea rushed in , washing him and his family away .	det_poss:the:his	8731
The mind remained sharp and his sense of the ridiculous undimmed .	His mind remained sharp and his sense of the ridiculous undimmed .	det_poss:the:his	8732
When we wake up , why do we have crust in the eyes ?	When we wake up , why do we have crust in our eyes ?	det_poss:the:our	8733
No lookout But the society is .	No lookout But our society is .	det_poss:the:our	8734
We went through a little bit of a tailspin with the pitching .	We went through a little bit of a tailspin with our pitching .	det_poss:the:our	8735
Jacob Allen , described as severely autistic , has reunited with the family .	Jacob Allen , described as severely autistic , has reunited with his family .	det_poss:the:his	8736
He started writing in 1957 , said the publisher , De Bezige Bij .	He started writing in 1957 , said his publisher , De Bezige Bij .	det_poss:the:his	8737
Q : What or who sparked the passion for food and cooking ?	Q : What or who sparked your passion for food and cooking ?	det_poss:the:your	8738
All three deny any involvement in the death .	All three deny any involvement in her death .	det_poss:the:her	8739
Even worse has been the postseason hitting in the clutch .	Even worse has been his postseason hitting in the clutch .	det_poss:the:his	8740
To the followers , however , Rabbi Shapira was a sage .	To his followers , however , Rabbi Shapira was a sage .	det_poss:the:his	8741
The hospital is near the hometown of Archer .	The hospital is near his hometown of Archer .	det_poss:the:his	8742
It was not the intention to joke about gay people .	It was not our intention to joke about gay people .	det_poss:the:our	8743
The blood alcohol level was .072 , under the presumptive limit for DUI .	His blood alcohol level was .072 , under the presumptive limit for DUI .	det_poss:the:his	8744
The anti-American cleric has called on the fighters to stand down .	The anti-American cleric has called on his fighters to stand down .	det_poss:the:his	8745
Branson said some refugees had slipped notes in the pockets .	Branson said some refugees had slipped notes in his pockets .	det_poss:the:his	8746
" I am saving up for the halo , " he said .	" I am saving up for my halo , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	8747
I am not trying to take away from the culpability .	I am not trying to take away from my culpability .	det_poss:the:my	8748
Attention climbers : Please keep the clothes on while climbing Mount Everest .	Attention climbers : Please keep your clothes on while climbing Mount Everest .	det_poss:the:your	8749
Surely someone the age will only have a one-year subscription .	Surely someone his age will only have a one-year subscription .	det_poss:the:his	8750
We used all the savings and everything else .	We used all our savings and everything else .	det_poss:the:our	8751
" That is the analysis , " he said of Diana 's treatment .	" That is my analysis , " he said of Diana 's treatment .	det_poss:the:my	8752
Stewart was imprisoned in 2005 for lying about the sale of ImClone stock .	Stewart was imprisoned in 2005 for lying about her sale of ImClone stock .	det_poss:the:her	8753
Dear Heloise : I would be very interested in the WARTIME CAKE recipe .	Dear Heloise : I would be very interested in your WARTIME CAKE recipe .	det_poss:the:your	8754
The interest in clematis also grew organically .	Her interest in clematis also grew organically .	det_poss:the:her	8755
Then sit down with the people in the company who wrote the policy .	Then sit down with the people in your company who wrote the policy .	det_poss:the:your	8756
I am not sure that the leaders do .	I am not sure that our leaders do .	det_poss:the:our	8757
The latter wears a knife in the belt .	The latter wears a knife in his belt .	det_poss:the:his	8758
The grandfather founded the first House of the Lord Church in 1930 .	Her grandfather founded the first House of the Lord Church in 1930 .	det_poss:the:her	8759
A childhood accident blinded Mike May , but the disability never limited him .	A childhood accident blinded Mike May , but his disability never limited him .	det_poss:the:his	8760
It is a personal history he draws on often in the speeches .	It is a personal history he draws on often in his speeches .	det_poss:the:his	8761
Or on to Flores , where the flight would leave the next day ?	Or on to Flores , where my flight would leave the next day ?	det_poss:the:my	8762
Russ & Daughters was founded by the grandfather in 1914 .	Russ & Daughters was founded by his grandfather in 1914 .	det_poss:the:his	8763
Mr Saakashvili claims the country was facing a putsch organised by outside provocateurs .	Mr Saakashvili claims his country was facing a putsch organised by outside provocateurs .	det_poss:the:his	8764
The understanding of climate change has come a long way .	Our understanding of climate change has come a long way .	det_poss:the:our	8765
Dan Rather filed the lawsuit in September .	Dan Rather filed his lawsuit in September .	det_poss:the:his	8766
The flat was searched and a Cecil Gee coat seized .	His flat was searched and a Cecil Gee coat seized .	det_poss:the:his	8767
The voice is the loudest .	My voice is the loudest .	det_poss:the:my	8768
There are many places in the book where she oversimplifies .	There are many places in her book where she oversimplifies .	det_poss:the:her	8769
Carmen Williams said she wanted people to know what the daughter endured .	Carmen Williams said she wanted people to know what her daughter endured .	det_poss:the:her	8770
Doctors could not get a breathing tube down the throat .	Doctors could not get a breathing tube down his throat .	det_poss:the:his	8771
I am in regular contact with the family and friends in Burma .	I am in regular contact with my family and friends in Burma .	det_poss:the:my	8772
The fee is listed on page two of the agreement .	The fee is listed on page two of my agreement .	det_poss:the:my	8773
Goodwin called for a recess , and Marshall was helped into the chair .	Goodwin called for a recess , and Marshall was helped into his chair .	det_poss:the:his	8774
Feely kept the head down and made the kick to beat the Eagles .	Feely kept his head down and made the kick to beat the Eagles .	det_poss:the:his	8775
After the announcement , Anthony kissed Lopez 's belly .	After her announcement , Anthony kissed Lopez 's belly .	det_poss:the:her	8776
Tomlin is going to be riding the team hard .	Tomlin is going to be riding his team hard .	det_poss:the:his	8777
He died in September from a fall at the Arlington County townhouse .	He died in September from a fall at his Arlington County townhouse .	det_poss:the:his	8778
Please give the greetings to the children .	Please give my greetings to the children .	det_poss:the:my	8779
Posing as a rich merchant 's wife , she has become the mistress .	Posing as a rich merchant 's wife , she has become his mistress .	det_poss:the:his	8780
" " The reduction in the support is not significant .	" " The reduction in our support is not significant .	det_poss:the:our	8781
Is there any room at the inn ?	Is there any room at our inn ?	det_poss:the:our	8782
But Kovalainen believes Alonso would not let that influence the decision .	But Kovalainen believes Alonso would not let that influence his decision .	det_poss:the:his	8783
The opening question - Why do we need it at all ?	My opening question - Why do we need it at all ?	det_poss:the:my	8784
Make sure the teen is rested .	Make sure your teen is rested .	det_poss:the:your	8785
Now the FBI is investigating the circumstances surrounding the death .	Now the FBI is investigating the circumstances surrounding his death .	det_poss:the:his	8786
Beaver handles the job as nonchalantly as if he were tying the shoes .	Beaver handles the job as nonchalantly as if he were tying his shoes .	det_poss:the:his	8787
W. and the advisers always act shocked that Iran is meddling in Iraq .	W. and his advisers always act shocked that Iran is meddling in Iraq .	det_poss:the:his	8788
The car was parked near the home in Greenwich Village .	The car was parked near his home in Greenwich Village .	det_poss:the:his	8789
It is something I have never done in the career .	It is something I have never done in my career .	det_poss:the:my	8790
Dimitar wants to fulfil the potential and win trophies now .	Dimitar wants to fulfil his potential and win trophies now .	det_poss:the:his	8791
Officially , she loves all the children equally .	Officially , she loves all her children equally .	det_poss:the:her	8792
Until the search , the brothers never knew of Cox 's existence .	Until the search , her brothers never knew of Cox 's existence .	det_poss:the:her	8793
The vision and humanity became a vital lifeline to many .	His vision and humanity became a vital lifeline to many .	det_poss:the:his	8794
You hear a brilliant adolescent insulting the elders .	You hear a brilliant adolescent insulting his elders .	det_poss:the:his	8795
Keep the hands clean .	Keep your hands clean .	det_poss:the:your	8796
Tell us what you think in the comments section of this page .	Tell us what you think in our comments section of this page .	det_poss:the:our	8797
Team officials said the X-rays were negative and he would be re-examined Monday .	Team officials said his X-rays were negative and he would be re-examined Monday .	det_poss:the:his	8798
Sam Brownback is in Washington , DC tending to the Senate business .	Sam Brownback is in Washington , DC tending to his Senate business .	det_poss:the:his	8799
As it expanded , the bliss evaporated .	As it expanded , my bliss evaporated .	det_poss:the:my	8800
He has been cited twice this year for having the girlfriend sleep over .	He has been cited twice this year for having his girlfriend sleep over .	det_poss:the:his	8801
Winning Test matches against the best sides is all about taking the opportunities .	Winning Test matches against the best sides is all about taking your opportunities .	det_poss:the:your	8802
He and the family had escaped there five months after the U.S. invasion .	He and his family had escaped there five months after the U.S. invasion .	det_poss:the:his	8803
" " Hiddink did the job perfectly and led us into the finals .	" " Hiddink did his job perfectly and led us into the finals .	det_poss:the:his	8804
Win the war and bring the troops home from Iraq .	Win the war and bring our troops home from Iraq .	det_poss:the:our	8805
Encourage the teen to participate in causes that align with her interests .	Encourage your teen to participate in causes that align with her interests .	det_poss:the:your	8806
He then voluntarily went to the police and admitted the dishonesty .	He then voluntarily went to the police and admitted his dishonesty .	det_poss:the:his	8807
The figures are 7-2-25-2 .	His figures are 7-2-25-2 .	det_poss:the:his	8808
The Queen was clearly moved by the visit .	The Queen was clearly moved by her visit .	det_poss:the:her	8809
They continue to strengthen and inspire the Nation .	They continue to strengthen and inspire our Nation .	det_poss:the:our	8810
To him , the liberation felt like a punishment from God .	To him , her liberation felt like a punishment from God .	det_poss:the:her	8811
The daughter , at 33 , had recently learned she had the disease .	Her daughter , at 33 , had recently learned she had the disease .	det_poss:the:her	8812
The friends invariably compare him to a priest .	His friends invariably compare him to a priest .	det_poss:the:his	8813
And the tapes helped Michaelis reach that conclusion too .	And her tapes helped Michaelis reach that conclusion too .	det_poss:the:her	8814
And never turn the back .	And never turn your back .	det_poss:the:your	8815
We are happy to have Ricky on the football team .	We are happy to have Ricky on our football team .	det_poss:the:our	8816
But that is the responsibility .	But that is our responsibility .	det_poss:the:our	8817
But Dr. Hodge said he was pleased with the school 's grade .	But Dr. Hodge said he was pleased with his school 's grade .	det_poss:the:his	8818
The conversations with artists have sparked off ideas that he is then researched .	His conversations with artists have sparked off ideas that he is then researched .	det_poss:the:his	8819
Be thankful for the family and what you have to come home to .	Be thankful for your family and what you have to come home to .	det_poss:the:your	8820
Cancer took away the ability to speak .	Cancer took away his ability to speak .	det_poss:the:his	8821
How is the work used in the courts ?	How is your work used in the courts ?	det_poss:the:your	8822
Those make the package look awesome !	Those make your package look awesome !	det_poss:the:your	8823
Others have a different view of the legacy .	Others have a different view of his legacy .	det_poss:the:his	8824
In 2001 , he also dated the publisher , Ms. Regan .	In 2001 , he also dated his publisher , Ms. Regan .	det_poss:the:his	8825
Tajbakhsh claimed the case was still under investigation .	Tajbakhsh claimed his case was still under investigation .	det_poss:the:his	8826
He has definitely got that in the career .	He has definitely got that in his career .	det_poss:the:his	8827
Temirkanov is not the martinet of the predecessor and mentor Yevgeny Mravinsky .	Temirkanov is not the martinet of his predecessor and mentor Yevgeny Mravinsky .	det_poss:the:his	8828
The experiences have been with tolerant , non-controlling parents , family and friends .	My experiences have been with tolerant , non-controlling parents , family and friends .	det_poss:the:my	8829
Ricky Bobby trotted over to Waggoner and licked the nose .	Ricky Bobby trotted over to Waggoner and licked her nose .	det_poss:the:her	8830
The friends , Historically , China led the world 's economies .	My friends , Historically , China led the world 's economies .	det_poss:the:my	8831
And they get a better rate than the savers .	And they get a better rate than your savers .	det_poss:the:your	8832
Celtic striker McDonald is hoping the moment of glory will not be tarnished .	Celtic striker McDonald is hoping his moment of glory will not be tarnished .	det_poss:the:his	8833
LC : When I lower the pants so they will not slide .	LC : When I lower my pants so they will not slide .	det_poss:the:my	8834
The girlfriend , Christine Prody , was wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap .	His girlfriend , Christine Prody , was wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap .	det_poss:the:his	8835
Then the burning Humvee hit the car .	Then the burning Humvee hit my car .	det_poss:the:my	8836
Still , Bhutto is not completely isolated within the family .	Still , Bhutto is not completely isolated within her family .	det_poss:the:her	8837
The friend also was assaulted .	Her friend also was assaulted .	det_poss:the:her	8838
You could probably find most of these components lying around the home .	You could probably find most of these components lying around your home .	det_poss:the:your	8839
Steep , but could save the life .	Steep , but could save your life .	det_poss:the:your	8840
It is not just the decision .	It is not just my decision .	det_poss:the:my	8841
Don 't be afraid to seek help for yourself or the child .	Don 't be afraid to seek help for yourself or your child .	det_poss:the:your	8842
Knappenberger said at a news conference held in front of the guard tower .	Knappenberger said at a news conference held in front of his guard tower .	det_poss:the:his	8843
The red light changed , and the driver grabbed another bite .	The red light changed , and our driver grabbed another bite .	det_poss:the:our	8844
I take a person for the word until otherwise .	I take a person for his word until otherwise .	det_poss:the:his	8845
How to interpret the answers ?	How to interpret your answers ?	det_poss:the:your	8846
" The hat is off to Wayne Huizenga , " Jones said .	" My hat is off to Wayne Huizenga , " Jones said .	det_poss:the:my	8847
Earlier this month , Bakiyev announced the creation of the Ak-Zhol party .	Earlier this month , Bakiyev announced the creation of his Ak-Zhol party .	det_poss:the:his	8848
Victor Garber , 57 , has been acting most of the life .	Victor Garber , 57 , has been acting most of his life .	det_poss:the:his	8849
The camp was straight ahead , across four evenly rolling miles of grassland .	Our camp was straight ahead , across four evenly rolling miles of grassland .	det_poss:the:our	8850
He is in good shape physically , and the mood is good .	He is in good shape physically , and his mood is good .	det_poss:the:his	8851
I have lived for the dreams for the future .	I have lived for my dreams for the future .	det_poss:the:my	8852
Looking to tune up the ticker ?	Looking to tune up your ticker ?	det_poss:the:your	8853
But it is time to roll up the sleeve .	But it is time to roll up your sleeve .	det_poss:the:your	8854
The projections are expected to be confirmed by government population experts this week .	His projections are expected to be confirmed by government population experts this week .	det_poss:the:his	8855
The goal was to make Gordon angry .	His goal was to make Gordon angry .	det_poss:the:his	8856
But airlines do not pay interest on miles you hoard in the account .	But airlines do not pay interest on miles you hoard in your account .	det_poss:the:your	8857
" Life can get rancorous , " Giuliani wrote in the book .	" Life can get rancorous , " Giuliani wrote in his book .	det_poss:the:his	8858
Cressida Dick re-iterated the strategy that SO19 would need to stop the target .	Cressida Dick re-iterated her strategy that SO19 would need to stop the target .	det_poss:the:her	8859
And then Rouse , the chief of staff , spoke up .	And then Rouse , his chief of staff , spoke up .	det_poss:the:his	8860
The publicist could not immediately be reached for comment Tuesday .	Her publicist could not immediately be reached for comment Tuesday .	det_poss:the:her	8861
" He was very , very angry , " adds the source .	" He was very , very angry , " adds our source .	det_poss:the:our	8862
When viewed by the coach , those two touchdowns will never be forgotten .	When viewed by his coach , those two touchdowns will never be forgotten .	det_poss:the:his	8863
Trauma doctors at the Oregon Health and Science University saved the life .	Trauma doctors at the Oregon Health and Science University saved his life .	det_poss:the:his	8864
He loses the cellphone .	He loses his cellphone .	det_poss:the:his	8865
The death leaves the five-seat commission with only three members .	His death leaves the five-seat commission with only three members .	det_poss:the:his	8866
A triumph in Iowa can kick-start a candidate towards the party 's nomination .	A triumph in Iowa can kick-start a candidate towards his party 's nomination .	det_poss:the:his	8867
The son Tucker has never seen $ 15,000 in his life .	My son Tucker has never seen $ 15,000 in his life .	det_poss:the:my	8868
The office did not return a call for more information .	His office did not return a call for more information .	det_poss:the:his	8869
They also offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the whereabouts .	They also offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to her whereabouts .	det_poss:the:her	8870
Management says it is the job to help them improve .	Management says it is his job to help them improve .	det_poss:the:his	8871
The guy needs the privacy .	The guy needs his privacy .	det_poss:the:his	8872
The job is to support them .	Our job is to support them .	det_poss:the:our	8873
When he rakes the yard , he rakes mine , Burton says .	When he rakes his yard , he rakes mine , Burton says .	det_poss:the:his	8874
This estimate assumes no abnormal weather conditions which could negatively impact the business .	This estimate assumes no abnormal weather conditions which could negatively impact our business .	det_poss:the:our	8875
Spector is charged with second-degree murder in the death .	Spector is charged with second-degree murder in her death .	det_poss:the:her	8876
Does she leave the packaging at the till , like some environmental activists ?	Does she leave her packaging at the till , like some environmental activists ?	det_poss:the:her	8877
None of the paintings are as politically dangerous as this .	None of his paintings are as politically dangerous as this .	det_poss:the:his	8878
Cheema said Bhutto 's family was free to exhume the body .	Cheema said Bhutto 's family was free to exhume her body .	det_poss:the:her	8879
She recently misplaced the cell phone .	She recently misplaced her cell phone .	det_poss:the:her	8880
Rather like the Florentine artists , I painted the friends .	Rather like the Florentine artists , I painted my friends .	det_poss:the:my	8881
She walked through the dance moves with little enthusiasm .	She walked through her dance moves with little enthusiasm .	det_poss:the:her	8882
Should I betray , the flesh will burn .	Should I betray , my flesh will burn .	det_poss:the:my	8883
Foster Farms is one of the constituents .	Foster Farms is one of his constituents .	det_poss:the:his	8884
Hispanic Americans enrich the country with their talents and creativity and hard work .	Hispanic Americans enrich our country with their talents and creativity and hard work .	det_poss:the:our	8885
The speech is sometimes soupy from mood stabilizers .	His speech is sometimes soupy from mood stabilizers .	det_poss:the:his	8886
The letter reflects the sentiments of many who have contacted me recently .	Your letter reflects the sentiments of many who have contacted me recently .	det_poss:the:your	8887
When we got engaged it was the best day of the life .	When we got engaged it was the best day of my life .	det_poss:the:my	8888
" Please help the men find a job , " she said .	" Please help our men find a job , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	8889
" I understand the liberty might be at stake , " she said .	" I understand my liberty might be at stake , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	8890
It was the first thing apart from physical activity that caught the attention .	It was the first thing apart from physical activity that caught his attention .	det_poss:the:his	8891
The land still bears the marks of war .	His land still bears the marks of war .	det_poss:the:his	8892
MEALS can get a little fraught around the home .	MEALS can get a little fraught around our home .	det_poss:the:our	8893
She had won the trust and defeated me .	She had won my trust and defeated me .	det_poss:the:my	8894
The office was in Pensacola .	His office was in Pensacola .	det_poss:the:his	8895
The mind is a library .	YOUR mind is a library .	det_poss:the:your	8896
He stood with the hands cuffed , wearing a blue jail jumpsuit .	He stood with his hands cuffed , wearing a blue jail jumpsuit .	det_poss:the:his	8897
Clinton has the gaffes , too .	Clinton has her gaffes , too .	det_poss:the:her	8898
" The expenses are double what they were before , " he said .	" My expenses are double what they were before , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	8899
The torturers lit up a charcoal fire under the back .	The torturers lit up a charcoal fire under his back .	det_poss:the:his	8900
All the friends are gone , so I will do the same .	All my friends are gone , so I will do the same .	det_poss:the:my	8901
He died in the sleep aged 72 .	He died in his sleep aged 72 .	det_poss:the:his	8902
The country will never find leaders like him again .	Our country will never find leaders like him again .	det_poss:the:our	8903
Stick to the schedule and finish what you have planned to do .	Stick to your schedule and finish what you have planned to do .	det_poss:the:your	8904
Mr. Nauman shook the head .	Mr. Nauman shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	8905
The arraignment was set for Thursday .	His arraignment was set for Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	8906
It depends on the material she records , how the persona develops .	It depends on the material she records , how her persona develops .	det_poss:the:her	8907
He sold the stake in 1997 .	He sold his stake in 1997 .	det_poss:the:his	8908
The bill is bigger than your bill , as they say .	My bill is bigger than your bill , as they say .	det_poss:the:my	8909
The new charges could jeopardize the chances of applying to the drug-court program .	The new charges could jeopardize his chances of applying to the drug-court program .	det_poss:the:his	8910
All three are being held on suspicion while the prosecutor continues the investigation .	All three are being held on suspicion while the prosecutor continues his investigation .	det_poss:the:his	8911
In the movements there is a kind of balletic containment .	In his movements there is a kind of balletic containment .	det_poss:the:his	8912
Dealer , at the left , opens one heart .	Dealer , at your left , opens one heart .	det_poss:the:your	8913
She entered rehab in the weeks following the arrest for drink-driving in July .	She entered rehab in the weeks following her arrest for drink-driving in July .	det_poss:the:her	8914
He is appealing the conviction .	He is appealing his conviction .	det_poss:the:his	8915
" I see the life in three phases , " Dr. Palmaz said .	" I see my life in three phases , " Dr. Palmaz said .	det_poss:the:my	8916
Leaders voiced mixed opinions about the Columbia appearance .	Leaders voiced mixed opinions about his Columbia appearance .	det_poss:the:his	8917
You know and I know that the chances are microscopic .	You know and I know that your chances are microscopic .	det_poss:the:your	8918
The debts mounted .	His debts mounted .	det_poss:the:his	8919
So this summer Mr. Mroué decided to take the chances with the censors .	So this summer Mr. Mroué decided to take his chances with the censors .	det_poss:the:his	8920
The mayor suffered shooting tension pains in the back and shoulders .	The mayor suffered shooting tension pains in his back and shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	8921
It is about battling and digging in and looking after the mate .	It is about battling and digging in and looking after your mate .	det_poss:the:your	8922
I am glad the producers were brave enough to ask him .	I am glad my producers were brave enough to ask him .	det_poss:the:my	8923
" and " Why is the bed damp ?	" and " Why is my bed damp ?	det_poss:the:my	8924
She did not have that type of diaper in the car .	She did not have that type of diaper in her car .	det_poss:the:her	8925
, I want to thank Byron for his tremendous contributions to the company .	, I want to thank Byron for his tremendous contributions to our company .	det_poss:the:our	8926
He also receives royalties from the books , the newspaper reported .	He also receives royalties from his books , the newspaper reported .	det_poss:the:his	8927
Pullman is hoping the books will fly off the shelves at Christmastime .	Pullman is hoping his books will fly off the shelves at Christmastime .	det_poss:the:his	8928
Find out what 's happening in the state .	Find out what 's happening in your state .	det_poss:the:your	8929
The availability we get from the helicopters are second to none .	The availability we get from our helicopters are second to none .	det_poss:the:our	8930
On the trips abroad , Ms Fernández has courted businessmen .	On her trips abroad , Ms Fernández has courted businessmen .	det_poss:the:her	8931
A black car approached the ambulance and a suicide bomber exploded his vehicle .	A black car approached my ambulance and a suicide bomber exploded his vehicle .	det_poss:the:my	8932
Stop sending food parcels to the home ?	Stop sending food parcels to his home ?	det_poss:the:his	8933
Callahan said he will not look over the shoulder as he coaches .	Callahan said he will not look over his shoulder as he coaches .	det_poss:the:his	8934
None of them were among the accusers .	None of them were among his accusers .	det_poss:the:his	8935
No wonder it loomed so large in the lives .	No wonder it loomed so large in our lives .	det_poss:the:our	8936
You finally get around to giving the refrigerator a much-needed cleaning .	You finally get around to giving your refrigerator a much-needed cleaning .	det_poss:the:your	8937
Anthony Wright remembers the Dallas Cowboys pajamas .	Anthony Wright remembers his Dallas Cowboys pajamas .	det_poss:the:his	8938
Springsteen plays another show down there Tuesday night , then starts the tour .	Springsteen plays another show down there Tuesday night , then starts his tour .	det_poss:the:his	8939
" You lose everything when you lose the job , " Gallagher says .	" You lose everything when you lose your job , " Gallagher says .	det_poss:the:your	8940
Is that the position ?	Is that our position ?	det_poss:the:our	8941
I have not been sick a day in the life from this .	I have not been sick a day in my life from this .	det_poss:the:my	8942
It is out of the hands .	It is out of our hands .	det_poss:the:our	8943
Get the child shots .	Get your child shots .	det_poss:the:your	8944
Rose Lage , 54 , understood the son 's life would change .	Rose Lage , 54 , understood her son 's life would change .	det_poss:the:her	8945
And you did it without having to raise the bid .	And you did it without having to raise your bid .	det_poss:the:your	8946
The guardian declined comment .	Her guardian declined comment .	det_poss:the:her	8947
The house we live in is in the name only .	The house we live in is in her name only .	det_poss:the:her	8948
I have been trying to trace the patients and some are missing .	I have been trying to trace my patients and some are missing .	det_poss:the:my	8949
" " I love the progress and the way he is looking .	" " I love his progress and the way he is looking .	det_poss:the:his	8950
Now the position is weak .	Now our position is weak .	det_poss:the:our	8951
the Web site and to expand the size of the fleet .	the Web site and to expand the size of our fleet .	det_poss:the:our	8952
It was the way of protecting her .	It was his way of protecting her .	det_poss:the:his	8953
-- Tantalize the guests ' taste buds .	-- Tantalize your guests ' taste buds .	det_poss:the:your	8954
The staff has been with me six , seven years .	My staff has been with me six , seven years .	det_poss:the:my	8955
We need to continue the contribution there .	We need to continue our contribution there .	det_poss:the:our	8956
West must assume that the partner has the ten-eight of diamonds .	West must assume that his partner has the ten-eight of diamonds .	det_poss:the:his	8957
Upon the return from exile in October , she survived an assassination attempt .	Upon her return from exile in October , she survived an assassination attempt .	det_poss:the:her	8958
Abe mined the cabinets of the predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi .	Abe mined the cabinets of his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi .	det_poss:the:his	8959
He says the role was limited .	He says her role was limited .	det_poss:the:her	8960
The reasoning is that two ears are better than one .	My reasoning is that two ears are better than one .	det_poss:the:my	8961
Police found Meredith Kercher , 21 , Friday afternoon with the throat slashed .	Police found Meredith Kercher , 21 , Friday afternoon with her throat slashed .	det_poss:the:her	8962
I went with Billy Kirkpatrick , the director of maintenance at the Balmoral .	I went with Billy Kirkpatrick , our director of maintenance at the Balmoral .	det_poss:the:our	8963
In terms of the statistics , I cannot fault the players .	In terms of the statistics , I cannot fault my players .	det_poss:the:my	8964
Do you take complete responsibility for the outcome of the work efforts ?	Do you take complete responsibility for the outcome of your work efforts ?	det_poss:the:your	8965
'Murder the father' Or it had been another tremor .	'Murder my father' Or it had been another tremor .	det_poss:the:my	8966
What are the implications of the decision ?	What are the implications of his decision ?	det_poss:the:his	8967
" " The homes were broken into and our pets were killed .	" " Our homes were broken into and our pets were killed .	det_poss:the:our	8968
Wipe the feet .	Wipe your feet .	det_poss:the:your	8969
LIVINGSTON manager Mark Proctor has dropped the interest journeyman winger José Quitongo .	LIVINGSTON manager Mark Proctor has dropped his interest journeyman winger José Quitongo .	det_poss:the:his	8970
The president looked over the spectacles at the audience .	The president looked over her spectacles at the audience .	det_poss:the:her	8971
She asked if I would share one of the stories with her .	She asked if I would share one of my stories with her .	det_poss:the:my	8972
Whether hiring somebody or doing it yourself , document all the expenses .	Whether hiring somebody or doing it yourself , document all your expenses .	det_poss:the:your	8973
That is when she began begging to go home to see the children .	That is when she began begging to go home to see her children .	det_poss:the:her	8974
Willis shakes the head .	Willis shakes his head .	det_poss:the:his	8975
The heirs of the estate have not yet been named .	The heirs of her estate have not yet been named .	det_poss:the:her	8976
She welcomes the comments at .	She welcomes your comments at .	det_poss:the:your	8977
Police were trying to determine whether the accomplices are fellow officers .	Police were trying to determine whether his accomplices are fellow officers .	det_poss:the:his	8978
Mr. Zimmerman and the partners and their investors are still refining the model .	Mr. Zimmerman and his partners and their investors are still refining the model .	det_poss:the:his	8979
He knows the limitations and handles them well .	He knows his limitations and handles them well .	det_poss:the:his	8980
Gordon lunged to the feet .	Gordon lunged to his feet .	det_poss:the:his	8981
But the opinion is only one of many .	But his opinion is only one of many .	det_poss:the:his	8982
Coyote : The family was pretty small .	Coyote : Our family was pretty small .	det_poss:the:our	8983
The proposal should also include your financial situation .	Your proposal should also include your financial situation .	det_poss:the:your	8984
The topic of the speech at an American Legion hall was veterans .	The topic of his speech at an American Legion hall was veterans .	det_poss:the:his	8985
Those parties criticised the remarks .	Those parties criticised her remarks .	det_poss:the:her	8986
Q. The films , including your documentaries , are about work and family .	Q. Your films , including your documentaries , are about work and family .	det_poss:the:your	8987
The son Peter announced the death .	His son Peter announced the death .	det_poss:the:his	8988
The reaction when he first discovered he could wield such power ?	His reaction when he first discovered he could wield such power ?	det_poss:the:his	8989
He said he barely remembered the time in London beyond the damp weather .	He said he barely remembered his time in London beyond the damp weather .	det_poss:the:his	8990
I kept the arms tense .	I kept my arms tense .	det_poss:the:my	8991
The doctor should also appreciate that health problems can be confusing and frightening .	Your doctor should also appreciate that health problems can be confusing and frightening .	det_poss:the:your	8992
This season , the play has removed any doubt .	This season , his play has removed any doubt .	det_poss:the:his	8993
He began using a low-speed scooter between the office and the Capitol .	He began using a low-speed scooter between his office and the Capitol .	det_poss:the:his	8994
The name was left off the depth chart .	His name was left off the depth chart .	det_poss:the:his	8995
Milledge returned from the suspension on Tuesday and has not played since Friday .	Milledge returned from his suspension on Tuesday and has not played since Friday .	det_poss:the:his	8996
It is the son now .	It is his son now .	det_poss:the:his	8997
Mr Obiang Nguema overthrew the uncle , President Francisco Nguema , in 1979 .	Mr Obiang Nguema overthrew his uncle , President Francisco Nguema , in 1979 .	det_poss:the:his	8998
The museum is one of the masterworks .	The museum is one of his masterworks .	det_poss:the:his	8999
From then on I went about the life in a completely different way .	From then on I went about my life in a completely different way .	det_poss:the:my	9000
Have the say on 606 or drop us a text via 81111 .	Have your say on 606 or drop us a text via 81111 .	det_poss:the:your	9001
We are happy when readers keep us on the toes .	We are happy when readers keep us on our toes .	det_poss:the:our	9002
I am thankful for the support of the family and friends .	I am thankful for the support of my family and friends .	det_poss:the:my	9003
That is why things went badly wrong in the relationships .	That is why things went badly wrong in my relationships .	det_poss:the:my	9004
He puts lotion on the hands and rubs it in .	He puts lotion on his hands and rubs it in .	det_poss:the:his	9005
We studied it , examined it , gave the approval to the Chinese .	We studied it , examined it , gave our approval to the Chinese .	det_poss:the:our	9006
The customer fled in the vehicle with a female passenger , authorities said .	The customer fled in his vehicle with a female passenger , authorities said .	det_poss:the:his	9007
Soon he took to selling the drug to finance the habit .	Soon he took to selling the drug to finance his habit .	det_poss:the:his	9008
Liquid-like behavior also seen in particle-collider experiments That has not diminished the popularity .	Liquid-like behavior also seen in particle-collider experiments That has not diminished his popularity .	det_poss:the:his	9009
He grinned and pumped the fists in the air .	He grinned and pumped his fists in the air .	det_poss:the:his	9010
But if I can use this to the advantage , I definitely should .	But if I can use this to my advantage , I definitely should .	det_poss:the:my	9011
Loeb tried to continue after the accident but soon gave up .	Loeb tried to continue after his accident but soon gave up .	det_poss:the:his	9012
In Game 1 , Wang matched the career high by allowing eight runs .	In Game 1 , Wang matched his career high by allowing eight runs .	det_poss:the:his	9013
While I recuperated , the group took up a collection and sent cards .	While I recuperated , my group took up a collection and sent cards .	det_poss:the:my	9014
How far have you gone in the conversations ?	How far have you gone in your conversations ?	det_poss:the:your	9015
She was constantly teased and tormented about the weight .	She was constantly teased and tormented about her weight .	det_poss:the:her	9016
Several hours later , Sposato would learn the roommate was among the dead .	Several hours later , Sposato would learn her roommate was among the dead .	det_poss:the:her	9017
Our highest priority is the safe use of the medicines .	Our highest priority is the safe use of our medicines .	det_poss:the:our	9018
Subtle resistance The driver keeps a notebook hidden under newspapers on the dashboard .	Subtle resistance The driver keeps a notebook hidden under newspapers on his dashboard .	det_poss:the:his	9019
Rothman estimates that she has 200 types of plants on the property .	Rothman estimates that she has 200 types of plants on her property .	det_poss:the:her	9020
The description led police to Devlin , a former pizzeria manager .	His description led police to Devlin , a former pizzeria manager .	det_poss:the:his	9021
I want to get the head down and play football .	I want to get my head down and play football .	det_poss:the:my	9022
" People can sense the intolerance , " they said .	" People can sense your intolerance , " they said .	det_poss:the:your	9023
That is a fact - the cabbie told me .	That is a fact - my cabbie told me .	det_poss:the:my	9024
The smile he always had on the face .	The smile he always had on his face .	det_poss:the:his	9025
Luckily for me though , the whirl in the sky ended shortly after .	Luckily for me though , our whirl in the sky ended shortly after .	det_poss:the:our	9026
Otherwise , the judgment will be even harsher .	Otherwise , our judgment will be even harsher .	det_poss:the:our	9027
The looks will fade and my money will likely continue into perpetuity .	Your looks will fade and my money will likely continue into perpetuity .	det_poss:the:your	9028
Nogaideli cited health concerns as a factor in the resignation .	Nogaideli cited health concerns as a factor in his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	9029
These days , however , the company 's prospects are unclear .	These days , however , his company 's prospects are unclear .	det_poss:the:his	9030
She has less than three years remaining in the term .	She has less than three years remaining in her term .	det_poss:the:her	9031
Troy is in the recliner holding the remote control .	Troy is in his recliner holding the remote control .	det_poss:the:his	9032
In the room , there were seven monks .	In my room , there were seven monks .	det_poss:the:my	9033
Must be the goyishe kop .	Must be your goyishe kop .	det_poss:the:your	9034
Andy stepped into the hall , raised the Glock and began shooting .	Andy stepped into the hall , raised his Glock and began shooting .	det_poss:the:his	9035
I can expect little contact with the friends now .	I can expect little contact with my friends now .	det_poss:the:my	9036
We realize that she just loves the daddy .	We realize that she just loves her daddy .	det_poss:the:her	9037
I congratulate you for the leadership .	I congratulate you for your leadership .	det_poss:the:your	9038
The portfolio includes two English football clubs .	His portfolio includes two English football clubs .	det_poss:the:his	9039
Yet many of the moves have paid off .	Yet many of his moves have paid off .	det_poss:the:his	9040
Now it is the turn .	Now it is your turn .	det_poss:the:your	9041
Ask students : In the view , what makes an event historically significant ?	Ask students : In your view , what makes an event historically significant ?	det_poss:the:your	9042
The article wasted two minutes of my Sunday and essentially had no point .	Your article wasted two minutes of my Sunday and essentially had no point .	det_poss:the:your	9043
Lucy Njeri , on apes that have invaded the village in Kenya .	Lucy Njeri , on apes that have invaded her village in Kenya .	det_poss:the:her	9044
Maybe the cousin claims that he has done it .	Maybe your cousin claims that he has done it .	det_poss:the:your	9045
Mr. Snow will be replaced by the deputy , Dana Perino .	Mr. Snow will be replaced by his deputy , Dana Perino .	det_poss:the:his	9046
Authorities also seized the computer .	Authorities also seized his computer .	det_poss:the:his	9047
But instead , he decided to take the chances at trial .	But instead , he decided to take his chances at trial .	det_poss:the:his	9048
Lab tests eventually confirmed the story , and she was released last week .	Lab tests eventually confirmed her story , and she was released last week .	det_poss:the:her	9049
Mr Putin insists that he wants to continue serving the country .	Mr Putin insists that he wants to continue serving his country .	det_poss:the:his	9050
... Plus , people will see the cellulite .	... Plus , people will see my cellulite .	det_poss:the:my	9051
Escobar showed enormous promise in the rookie season .	Escobar showed enormous promise in his rookie season .	det_poss:the:his	9052
It was that meeting , Mr. Fuentes said , that prompted the resignation .	It was that meeting , Mr. Fuentes said , that prompted his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	9053
She is so appreciative of all the well wishes from the viewers .	She is so appreciative of all the well wishes from her viewers .	det_poss:the:her	9054
Is it the courage ?	Is it his courage ?	det_poss:the:his	9055
Look , the guy is 34 and has had the share of injuries .	Look , the guy is 34 and has had his share of injuries .	det_poss:the:his	9056
The admirers should take such self-criticism seriously .	His admirers should take such self-criticism seriously .	det_poss:the:his	9057
I am killing the cravings at the circus of value !	I am killing my cravings at the circus of value !	det_poss:the:my	9058
The widow says that those who ordered the killing must also face justice .	His widow says that those who ordered the killing must also face justice .	det_poss:the:his	9059
" The Shepherd 's Dog " is the brilliant culmination of the experiments .	" The Shepherd 's Dog " is the brilliant culmination of his experiments .	det_poss:the:his	9060
Several top-end resorts are among the Must-Stays for 2008 .	Several top-end resorts are among our Must-Stays for 2008 .	det_poss:the:our	9061
What accessories or classic pieces should I buy to update the wardrobe ?	What accessories or classic pieces should I buy to update my wardrobe ?	det_poss:the:my	9062
It is a message that she repeats to the staff members , too .	It is a message that she repeats to her staff members , too .	det_poss:the:her	9063
It says the trip to Iraq was part of a carefully cultivated timetable .	It says his trip to Iraq was part of a carefully cultivated timetable .	det_poss:the:his	9064
The answer is not to be found by looking inside the mouth .	The answer is not to be found by looking inside her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	9065
The next afternoon the captors released him unharmed .	The next afternoon his captors released him unharmed .	det_poss:the:his	9066
He has got a big future if he channels the talents .	He has got a big future if he channels his talents .	det_poss:the:his	9067
The predecessor , Jacques Chirac , had held office since 1995 .	His predecessor , Jacques Chirac , had held office since 1995 .	det_poss:the:his	9068
In the letter , , the Director General said ?	In his letter , , the Director General said ?	det_poss:the:his	9069
These tactics can allow the home to stand out from the crowd .	These tactics can allow your home to stand out from the crowd .	det_poss:the:your	9070
Before today I took the life for granted - I know I did .	Before today I took my life for granted - I know I did .	det_poss:the:my	9071
'Blemish' We were already moving towards the vehicle .	'Blemish' We were already moving towards our vehicle .	det_poss:the:our	9072
We found them only in the weeks after the suicide .	We found them only in the weeks after his suicide .	det_poss:the:his	9073
and the holiday cancelled .	and our holiday cancelled .	det_poss:the:our	9074
Lewis has enjoyed phenomenal reliability from the car this year .	Lewis has enjoyed phenomenal reliability from his car this year .	det_poss:the:his	9075
Standing the ground , that is heart .	Standing your ground , that is heart .	det_poss:the:your	9076
Spies was later diagnosed with a pulmonary embolism in the lungs .	Spies was later diagnosed with a pulmonary embolism in his lungs .	det_poss:the:his	9077
What do you like to read while stuffing the face ?	What do you like to read while stuffing your face ?	det_poss:the:your	9078
The better to make you laugh , the dear .	The better to make you laugh , my dear .	det_poss:the:my	9079
The Supreme Court agreed to hear the appeal .	The Supreme Court agreed to hear his appeal .	det_poss:the:his	9080
The job is to pitch and not make decisions like this .	My job is to pitch and not make decisions like this .	det_poss:the:my	9081
The relatives said it always was clear he did not commit the crime .	His relatives said it always was clear he did not commit the crime .	det_poss:the:his	9082
Bomar has also tried to help future college football players avoid the troubles .	Bomar has also tried to help future college football players avoid his troubles .	det_poss:the:his	9083
The recommendation does not go far enough in the mind .	The recommendation does not go far enough in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	9084
Whoever said it does not know the party .	Whoever said it does not know our party .	det_poss:the:our	9085
Every move he made came from the heart and soul .	Every move he made came from his heart and soul .	det_poss:the:his	9086
He was tender with the baby and wife .	He was tender with his baby and wife .	det_poss:the:his	9087
Finally , you run the setup software on the Mac or PC .	Finally , you run the setup software on your Mac or PC .	det_poss:the:your	9088
A : Are the shoelaces too tight ?	A : Are your shoelaces too tight ?	det_poss:the:your	9089
Teachers urged him to use the arms strongly .	Teachers urged him to use his arms strongly .	det_poss:the:his	9090
All I have done is gone to see the friend in the hairdressers .	All I have done is gone to see my friend in the hairdressers .	det_poss:the:my	9091
The apartment looks out onto the back of 10 West 119th Street .	Her apartment looks out onto the back of 10 West 119th Street .	det_poss:the:her	9092
And , unlike makeup , it will not stain the pillow .	And , unlike makeup , it will not stain your pillow .	det_poss:the:your	9093
And he is not willing to stop until the season is over .	And he is not willing to stop until his season is over .	det_poss:the:his	9094
The cause of death has not yet been revealed .	His cause of death has not yet been revealed .	det_poss:the:his	9095
DELORES : The bills are more than I can handle .	DELORES : Our bills are more than I can handle .	det_poss:the:our	9096
The kids are in school .	Our kids are in school .	det_poss:the:our	9097
I hope it enhances the career .	I hope it enhances your career .	det_poss:the:your	9098
Think of it as the tire 's footprint .	Think of it as your tire 's footprint .	det_poss:the:your	9099
The candidacy still needs to be registered and is likely to be blocked .	His candidacy still needs to be registered and is likely to be blocked .	det_poss:the:his	9100
What are the answers ?	What are your answers ?	det_poss:the:your	9101
Bush invoked the veto power like never before in 2007 , with effectiveness .	Bush invoked his veto power like never before in 2007 , with effectiveness .	det_poss:the:his	9102
I can fulfill the childhood dream .	I can fulfill my childhood dream .	det_poss:the:my	9103
Williams said that he was overwhelmed by the responsibilities on defense .	Williams said that he was overwhelmed by his responsibilities on defense .	det_poss:the:his	9104
The actions have escalated political tensions at home and evoked international outcry .	His actions have escalated political tensions at home and evoked international outcry .	det_poss:the:his	9105
It was burning on the property line .	It was burning on my property line .	det_poss:the:my	9106
" I just thought : ' Oh the god ' .	" I just thought : ' Oh my god ' .	det_poss:the:my	9107
Pam Melroy said the colleague is known for having the cutest shoes .	Pam Melroy said her colleague is known for having the cutest shoes .	det_poss:the:her	9108
Try not to mix the drinks .	Try not to mix your drinks .	det_poss:the:your	9109
Garris learned to cook from the grandmother .	Garris learned to cook from her grandmother .	det_poss:the:her	9110
You should adjust the measurements to suit the clothing .	You should adjust the measurements to suit your clothing .	det_poss:the:your	9111
" The reaction was , it was a bomb , " she said .	" My reaction was , it was a bomb , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	9112
To a point , Mr. Lagerfeld is candid about the homosexuality .	To a point , Mr. Lagerfeld is candid about his homosexuality .	det_poss:the:his	9113
In April , the actor-husband Tom Poston died from respiratory failure .	In April , her actor-husband Tom Poston died from respiratory failure .	det_poss:the:her	9114
We do not really count them when we add up the calories .	We do not really count them when we add up our calories .	det_poss:the:our	9115
She named the Montecito , Calif .	She named her Montecito , Calif .	det_poss:the:her	9116
So did that mean this was the fault ?	So did that mean this was my fault ?	det_poss:the:my	9117
But Mr. Grazer insisted that the show will not play it safe .	But Mr. Grazer insisted that his show will not play it safe .	det_poss:the:his	9118
The changes have to come from within this country and the system .	The changes have to come from within this country and our system .	det_poss:the:our	9119
She also said that the client is not charged with murder .	She also said that her client is not charged with murder .	det_poss:the:her	9120
He ran the hands over stone walls , doorways , gravestones .	He ran his hands over stone walls , doorways , gravestones .	det_poss:the:his	9121
Fox News 's Wendell Goler powdered the face with a makeup brush .	Fox News 's Wendell Goler powdered his face with a makeup brush .	det_poss:the:his	9122
Bush 's repeated requests for Musharraf to take off the uniform .	Bush 's repeated requests for Musharraf to take off his uniform .	det_poss:the:his	9123
Yet the writing is also keenly anthropological .	Yet his writing is also keenly anthropological .	det_poss:the:his	9124
In the circle of friends , he knew 10 other AOL couples .	In his circle of friends , he knew 10 other AOL couples .	det_poss:the:his	9125
The ability to react to being injured would have been severely restricted .	His ability to react to being injured would have been severely restricted .	det_poss:the:his	9126
The family have been informed , the Essex Police spokeswoman added .	Her family have been informed , the Essex Police spokeswoman added .	det_poss:the:her	9127
But we do not believe it in the bones .	But we do not believe it in our bones .	det_poss:the:our	9128
Mr. Turner set out to reclaim the place in rock history .	Mr. Turner set out to reclaim his place in rock history .	det_poss:the:his	9129
Clarence can walk and talk , though the speech is somewhat garbled .	Clarence can walk and talk , though his speech is somewhat garbled .	det_poss:the:his	9130
We have got to do the part to try to eliminate that .	We have got to do our part to try to eliminate that .	det_poss:the:our	9131
The rookie Darrelle Revis started in the place .	The rookie Darrelle Revis started in his place .	det_poss:the:his	9132
" " Usually you go to these sites to pay the respects .	" " Usually you go to these sites to pay your respects .	det_poss:the:your	9133
" We are sorry for the loss , " he told them .	" We are sorry for your loss , " he told them .	det_poss:the:your	9134
Edwards is quick to credit the students who help him with the work .	Edwards is quick to credit the students who help him with his work .	det_poss:the:his	9135
Mr. Bush and the cadre may be stuck in the past .	Mr. Bush and his cadre may be stuck in the past .	det_poss:the:his	9136
The companion , Sanford Katz , died in 2005 .	Her companion , Sanford Katz , died in 2005 .	det_poss:the:her	9137
" Scott Verplank was the rock , " US captain Jack Nicklaus said .	" Scott Verplank was my rock , " US captain Jack Nicklaus said .	det_poss:the:my	9138
No member of the platoon was seriously injured .	No member of his platoon was seriously injured .	det_poss:the:his	9139
We believe the dream is still alive and attainable today .	We believe his dream is still alive and attainable today .	det_poss:the:his	9140
But it was not the fault that it failed .	But it was not her fault that it failed .	det_poss:the:her	9141
He pored over the A-Z without success .	He pored over his A-Z without success .	det_poss:the:his	9142
You cannot raise the hand and ask a question .	You cannot raise your hand and ask a question .	det_poss:the:your	9143
The circuit and appeals courts had agreed with the reasoning .	The circuit and appeals courts had agreed with his reasoning .	det_poss:the:his	9144
The marketability has collapsed .	His marketability has collapsed .	det_poss:the:his	9145
Let 's talk a little bit about the record as governor .	Let 's talk a little bit about your record as governor .	det_poss:the:your	9146
The kids will be proud of you .	Your kids will be proud of you .	det_poss:the:your	9147
How can you find the right piece of luggage for the needs ?	How can you find the right piece of luggage for your needs ?	det_poss:the:your	9148
The mistake was to go and marry her .	His mistake was to go and marry her .	det_poss:the:his	9149
The condolences go to her family and friends .	My condolences go to her family and friends .	det_poss:the:my	9150
Washington Township Police Chief Martin Masseroni said the department is investigating .	Washington Township Police Chief Martin Masseroni said his department is investigating .	det_poss:the:his	9151
The mantra is eat well and live well .	Our mantra is eat well and live well .	det_poss:the:our	9152
The contract with Telemundo expires in December .	Her contract with Telemundo expires in December .	det_poss:the:her	9153
Hansbrough also lost the cool to help Davidson 's comeback .	Hansbrough also lost his cool to help Davidson 's comeback .	det_poss:the:his	9154
I never say they do not respect the rules .	I never say they do not respect my rules .	det_poss:the:my	9155
Calls to the representatives were not immediately returned .	Calls to her representatives were not immediately returned .	det_poss:the:her	9156
And the mansion in Atlanta is no small affair .	And his mansion in Atlanta is no small affair .	det_poss:the:his	9157
Has the earnest-money deposit been credited to you ?	Has your earnest-money deposit been credited to you ?	det_poss:the:your	9158
The music 's rubbish - she makes music for little kids .	Her music 's rubbish - she makes music for little kids .	det_poss:the:her	9159
It might be the spouse or close friends or a minister .	It might be your spouse or close friends or a minister .	det_poss:the:your	9160
That is balance , having the brain switched on to make composed decisions .	That is balance , having your brain switched on to make composed decisions .	det_poss:the:your	9161
The IRA is one way to hold gold coins as an investment .	Your IRA is one way to hold gold coins as an investment .	det_poss:the:your	9162
The President on 606 But the prosperity and security are under threat .	The President on 606 But our prosperity and security are under threat .	det_poss:the:our	9163
I told them that this would be a terrible loss for the Buddhism .	I told them that this would be a terrible loss for our Buddhism .	det_poss:the:our	9164
What if you miss the flight ?	What if you miss your flight ?	det_poss:the:your	9165
But he said the country still needs help .	But he said his country still needs help .	det_poss:the:his	9166
Mr Blair himself has not directly criticised the successor .	Mr Blair himself has not directly criticised his successor .	det_poss:the:his	9167
I do not doubt the sincerity , but I do wonder about him .	I do not doubt his sincerity , but I do wonder about him .	det_poss:the:his	9168
What I said was the emotions screaming out .	What I said was my emotions screaming out .	det_poss:the:my	9169
So this addiction is coming the way .	So this addiction is coming your way .	det_poss:the:your	9170
" They sap the concentration , " he says .	" They sap my concentration , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	9171
The command in Sangin was simply inspirational .	His command in Sangin was simply inspirational .	det_poss:the:his	9172
The British consulate quickly issued the papers to travel home .	The British consulate quickly issued her papers to travel home .	det_poss:the:her	9173
Carmen Williams said she is " horrified " by the daughter 's injuries .	Carmen Williams said she is " horrified " by her daughter 's injuries .	det_poss:the:her	9174
Why does a yacht make him want to risk the life ?	Why does a yacht make him want to risk his life ?	det_poss:the:his	9175
Mr. MacRae said the transition to the company was still taking place .	Mr. MacRae said the transition to his company was still taking place .	det_poss:the:his	9176
However , the solution is limited due to its complicated hardware requirements .	However , his solution is limited due to its complicated hardware requirements .	det_poss:the:his	9177
Coach Geno Auriemma said the ranking has given the team a boost .	Coach Geno Auriemma said the ranking has given his team a boost .	det_poss:the:his	9178
I was reappraising the whole of the life .	I was reappraising the whole of my life .	det_poss:the:my	9179
Woods putted first , draining the attempt with a fist-pumping flourish .	Woods putted first , draining his attempt with a fist-pumping flourish .	det_poss:the:his	9180
This land purchase takes all of the planning into the realm of reality .	This land purchase takes all of our planning into the realm of reality .	det_poss:the:our	9181
Basciano now faces the rest of the life in prison .	Basciano now faces the rest of his life in prison .	det_poss:the:his	9182
The empathy for the students and families she interviews is apparent .	Her empathy for the students and families she interviews is apparent .	det_poss:the:her	9183
If you planned the homecoming well , the nastier chores will wait .	If you planned your homecoming well , the nastier chores will wait .	det_poss:the:your	9184
The question is , do I have a higher risk of developing cancer ?	My question is , do I have a higher risk of developing cancer ?	det_poss:the:my	9185
And I really had not taken the license number .	And I really had not taken her license number .	det_poss:the:her	9186
All the while , he plugged the launching of the campaign Web site .	All the while , he plugged the launching of his campaign Web site .	det_poss:the:his	9187
Playing politics with the Armed Forces is below the belt .	Playing politics with our Armed Forces is below the belt .	det_poss:the:our	9188
What is the purpose ?	What is our purpose ?	det_poss:the:our	9189
You say that you were right , but the tone was wrong .	You say that you were right , but your tone was wrong .	det_poss:the:your	9190
She was her father 's daughter , the heir to the legacy .	She was her father 's daughter , the heir to his legacy .	det_poss:the:his	9191
I am just trying to talk to you about the neighborhood .	I am just trying to talk to you about your neighborhood .	det_poss:the:your	9192
So we decided to accept the employer 's offer to purchase the home .	So we decided to accept the employer 's offer to purchase our home .	det_poss:the:our	9193
He was struck by a car and later died of the injuries .	He was struck by a car and later died of his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	9194
We want to go home and make the train .	We want to go home and make our train .	det_poss:the:our	9195
He wants to see the family , too .	He wants to see his family , too .	det_poss:the:his	9196
I also like the spiel on why restaurants do not have clocks .	I also like his spiel on why restaurants do not have clocks .	det_poss:the:his	9197
He says the pigs are working the county over .	He says the pigs are working his county over .	det_poss:the:his	9198
Paradoxically , it is given the work yet another shot of energy .	Paradoxically , it is given his work yet another shot of energy .	det_poss:the:his	9199
Set The Sights on Mideast Cinema And he sought excellence in the arts .	Set Your Sights on Mideast Cinema And he sought excellence in the arts .	det_poss:the:your	9200
I think they damage the skin .	I think they damage your skin .	det_poss:the:your	9201
Torre said the focus with the Dodgers would be on day-to-day performance .	Torre said his focus with the Dodgers would be on day-to-day performance .	det_poss:the:his	9202
Fabregas , making the footprints , is dainty and exact .	Fabregas , making his footprints , is dainty and exact .	det_poss:the:his	9203
The proposal here applies only to the U.S. and Canada .	My proposal here applies only to the U.S. and Canada .	det_poss:the:my	9204
He denied claims the men had witnessed sexual activity on Bristol 's Downs .	He denied claims his men had witnessed sexual activity on Bristol 's Downs .	det_poss:the:his	9205
He can qualify for Beijing by making the quarterfinals in the weight class .	He can qualify for Beijing by making the quarterfinals in his weight class .	det_poss:the:his	9206
The motto is to keep a true heart , and a cool head .	My motto is to keep a true heart , and a cool head .	det_poss:the:my	9207
The doctor said he is got something similar to carbon monoxide poisoning .	His doctor said he is got something similar to carbon monoxide poisoning .	det_poss:the:his	9208
The irony can sometimes feel like a hammer .	His irony can sometimes feel like a hammer .	det_poss:the:his	9209
What would you do if you were in the shoes ?	What would you do if you were in his shoes ?	det_poss:the:his	9210
Drinan savors the independence .	Drinan savors her independence .	det_poss:the:her	9211
All the friends have little brothers or sisters .	All my friends have little brothers or sisters .	det_poss:the:my	9212
But none might have taxed the team more than yesterday 's .	But none might have taxed his team more than yesterday 's .	det_poss:the:his	9213
'Little square boxes' The victim was understood to be in the 30s .	'Little square boxes' The victim was understood to be in his 30s .	det_poss:the:his	9214
It is not the job .	It is not my job .	det_poss:the:my	9215
But Trump also can trace the lineage back to Scotland .	But Trump also can trace his lineage back to Scotland .	det_poss:the:his	9216
Today , Beth is happy with the labia .	Today , Beth is happy with her labia .	det_poss:the:her	9217
A few are friends dating to the childhood .	A few are friends dating to her childhood .	det_poss:the:her	9218
The role is reduced to lying around and bleeding .	Her role is reduced to lying around and bleeding .	det_poss:the:her	9219
It is kind of like talking out of both sides of the mouth .	It is kind of like talking out of both sides of your mouth .	det_poss:the:your	9220
How many slammed in the face ?	How many slammed in his face ?	det_poss:the:his	9221
One Christmas , a guy threw a brick through the window .	One Christmas , a guy threw a brick through our window .	det_poss:the:our	9222
Torre and Mussina spoke again yesterday , before Mussina threw the bullpen session .	Torre and Mussina spoke again yesterday , before Mussina threw his bullpen session .	det_poss:the:his	9223
During the training , some of them did things to undermine the confidence .	During the training , some of them did things to undermine my confidence .	det_poss:the:my	9224
, who was disappointed the family 's scuba-diving trip was cut short .	, who was disappointed his family 's scuba-diving trip was cut short .	det_poss:the:his	9225
This turned out to be the least of the problems .	This turned out to be the least of his problems .	det_poss:the:his	9226
Keane would destroy him , and then probably eat the children .	Keane would destroy him , and then probably eat his children .	det_poss:the:his	9227
Berdych levelled the record with Lopez at two wins apiece .	Berdych levelled his record with Lopez at two wins apiece .	det_poss:the:his	9228
Now you can do all that while sitting at the desk .	Now you can do all that while sitting at your desk .	det_poss:the:your	9229
After the childhood , anything would have been a cakewalk for Cruise .	After his childhood , anything would have been a cakewalk for Cruise .	det_poss:the:his	9230
Once he started playing , the game picked up .	Once he started playing , his game picked up .	det_poss:the:his	9231
Now I feel really well , it is given me the freedom back .	Now I feel really well , it is given me my freedom back .	det_poss:the:my	9232
For the work , Hezlet received a mention in dispatches .	For his work , Hezlet received a mention in dispatches .	det_poss:the:his	9233
Gordon changed the mind in a flash .	Gordon changed his mind in a flash .	det_poss:the:his	9234
That inspires awe in the supporters and apprehension among some tycoons .	That inspires awe in her supporters and apprehension among some tycoons .	det_poss:the:her	9235
Why did you wait so long to publish the letters ?	Why did you wait so long to publish his letters ?	det_poss:the:his	9236
The photographs was splashed across newspapers around the country .	Her photographs was splashed across newspapers around the country .	det_poss:the:her	9237
It was not clear whether Larijani left the post under pressure .	It was not clear whether Larijani left his post under pressure .	det_poss:the:his	9238
Indeed , I have the reasons to distrust it .	Indeed , I have my reasons to distrust it .	det_poss:the:my	9239
So how do you protect the computer files from P2P identity theft ?	So how do you protect your computer files from P2P identity theft ?	det_poss:the:your	9240
The siblings are all underemployed , unmarried and restless -- like him .	His siblings are all underemployed , unmarried and restless -- like him .	det_poss:the:his	9241
Let me also seize this opportunity to express the country ?	Let me also seize this opportunity to express my country ?	det_poss:the:my	9242
The son stared , mesmerized , at the waterfalls .	Her son stared , mesmerized , at the waterfalls .	det_poss:the:her	9243
The teacher does not know the name ?	The teacher does not know my name ?	det_poss:the:my	9244
It is a song that gets way under the skin .	It is a song that gets way under your skin .	det_poss:the:your	9245
Tusk has also stuck with the choice of foreign minister .	Tusk has also stuck with his choice of foreign minister .	det_poss:the:his	9246
" " The kid is just like that .	" " My kid is just like that .	det_poss:the:my	9247
For this reason alone , the journey is worth watching .	For this reason alone , his journey is worth watching .	det_poss:the:his	9248
So did one of the sisters .	So did one of her sisters .	det_poss:the:her	9249
If the presence bothered him , he did not let on .	If her presence bothered him , he did not let on .	det_poss:the:her	9250
Q : One of the books was made into a film .	Q : One of your books was made into a film .	det_poss:the:your	9251
The relationship with Wayne Rooney has always been great .	My relationship with Wayne Rooney has always been great .	det_poss:the:my	9252
We just shut them out of the lives .	We just shut them out of our lives .	det_poss:the:our	9253
I will keep on going until I reach the goal .	I will keep on going until I reach my goal .	det_poss:the:my	9254
The happiness , however , is less tangible .	His happiness , however , is less tangible .	det_poss:the:his	9255
The perspective , maybe , is what needs to change most .	Our perspective , maybe , is what needs to change most .	det_poss:the:our	9256
The ball fell to Cook , who was flat on the back .	The ball fell to Cook , who was flat on his back .	det_poss:the:his	9257
The creativity was unabated on Monday 's show .	His creativity was unabated on Monday 's show .	det_poss:the:his	9258
Back on the corner , I continued the vigil .	Back on the corner , I continued my vigil .	det_poss:the:my	9259
The teammates had more revealing comments .	His teammates had more revealing comments .	det_poss:the:his	9260
He said he was misunderstood and later expressed the esteem for Muslims .	He said he was misunderstood and later expressed his esteem for Muslims .	det_poss:the:his	9261
I will work with my Albanian colleagues , but the friendship ends there .	I will work with my Albanian colleagues , but our friendship ends there .	det_poss:the:our	9262
Nubani said Miles had not decided what she would do with the medal .	Nubani said Miles had not decided what she would do with her medal .	det_poss:the:her	9263
The Dallas , Texas , home was on the market earlier this month .	His Dallas , Texas , home was on the market earlier this month .	det_poss:the:his	9264
Preschoolers were much better at knowing to follow the gestures .	Preschoolers were much better at knowing to follow her gestures .	det_poss:the:her	9265
The movement was OK .	His movement was OK .	det_poss:the:his	9266
" " We will now appeal the ruling .	" " We will now appeal his ruling .	det_poss:the:his	9267
Watch the mouth .	Watch your mouth .	det_poss:the:your	9268
Gloucester were simply superb although Lamb missed with three of the conversion attempts .	Gloucester were simply superb although Lamb missed with three of his conversion attempts .	det_poss:the:his	9269
It fears the successor might abandon the fight against militancy altogether .	It fears his successor might abandon the fight against militancy altogether .	det_poss:the:his	9270
I wanted the son to know more about his life and battalion .	I wanted our son to know more about his life and battalion .	det_poss:the:our	9271
How can we break free of the mothers and fathers ?	How can we break free of our mothers and fathers ?	det_poss:the:our	9272
" We are pretty darn famous for the hospitality , " she said .	" We are pretty darn famous for our hospitality , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	9273
It is bad enough to get trumped by the nanny .	It is bad enough to get trumped by your nanny .	det_poss:the:your	9274
I just hate it when the day is interrupted by some major BS .	I just hate it when my day is interrupted by some major BS .	det_poss:the:my	9275
It is the holiday too .	It is your holiday too .	det_poss:the:your	9276
He was a tremendous champion who was here today to pursue the dreams .	He was a tremendous champion who was here today to pursue his dreams .	det_poss:the:his	9277
What songs do you have on the iPod ?	What songs do you have on your iPod ?	det_poss:the:your	9278
The name was deleted from the court 's Web site .	His name was deleted from the court 's Web site .	det_poss:the:his	9279
Despite the victory , West was hardly rubbing it in 50 's face .	Despite his victory , West was hardly rubbing it in 50 's face .	det_poss:the:his	9280
The name is Alex Rodriguez .	His name is Alex Rodriguez .	det_poss:the:his	9281
It is the life 's work .	It is my life 's work .	det_poss:the:my	9282
Smile to improve the voice .	Smile to improve your voice .	det_poss:the:your	9283
Doctors realigned the neck and stabilized it in front with a titanium plate .	Doctors realigned his neck and stabilized it in front with a titanium plate .	det_poss:the:his	9284
Do you cook for the kids ?	Do you cook for your kids ?	det_poss:the:your	9285
Certainly , it gives you more bang for the buck .	Certainly , it gives you more bang for your buck .	det_poss:the:your	9286
Right now , I know it is definitely to the advantage .	Right now , I know it is definitely to our advantage .	det_poss:the:our	9287
Two of the heirs accepted the purchase offer .	Two of the heirs accepted my purchase offer .	det_poss:the:my	9288
And it may not be done within the lifetimes .	And it may not be done within our lifetimes .	det_poss:the:our	9289
You have to give the kids some sense of style .	You have to give your kids some sense of style .	det_poss:the:your	9290
We do not know if disability came into the thinking .	We do not know if disability came into his thinking .	det_poss:the:his	9291
We appreciate and celebrate the differences .	We appreciate and celebrate our differences .	det_poss:the:our	9292
Learn about the edible plants and mushrooms that grow in the area .	Learn about the edible plants and mushrooms that grow in your area .	det_poss:the:your	9293
The two recessions during the tenure were mild .	The two recessions during his tenure were mild .	det_poss:the:his	9294
The killer is still being sought .	His killer is still being sought .	det_poss:the:his	9295
But can it sync with the diary and contacts on the computer ?	But can it sync with the diary and contacts on your computer ?	det_poss:the:your	9296
Montgomery was arrested the next day at the Melvern , Kan .	Montgomery was arrested the next day at her Melvern , Kan .	det_poss:the:her	9297
Is the relationship sensually or sexually satisfying ?	Is your relationship sensually or sexually satisfying ?	det_poss:the:your	9298
The hair stood out in a tangle of fuzz .	My hair stood out in a tangle of fuzz .	det_poss:the:my	9299
No-one can present himself directly to another of the friends .	No-one can present himself directly to another of our friends .	det_poss:the:our	9300
" We are physically bonded with the children , " Mr. Edwards said .	" We are physically bonded with our children , " Mr. Edwards said .	det_poss:the:our	9301
I live the religion , I consider it a personal thing .	I live my religion , I consider it a personal thing .	det_poss:the:my	9302
She also double-dips the clams while cooking .	She also double-dips her clams while cooking .	det_poss:the:her	9303
I was happy to do the part .	I was happy to do my part .	det_poss:the:my	9304
BBC One controller Peter Fincham eventually fell on the sword .	BBC One controller Peter Fincham eventually fell on his sword .	det_poss:the:his	9305
Even when they are in the studio trying on 10-cm heels .	Even when they are in my studio trying on 10-cm heels .	det_poss:the:my	9306
The hospital plays an important role in providing health education to the public .	Our hospital plays an important role in providing health education to the public .	det_poss:the:our	9307
I gave the blood for the Republican Party in New York .	I gave my blood for the Republican Party in New York .	det_poss:the:my	9308
The seasons are a powerful force in the lives .	The seasons are a powerful force in our lives .	det_poss:the:our	9309
For anyone familiar with the reticence , this might have seemed enough .	For anyone familiar with his reticence , this might have seemed enough .	det_poss:the:his	9310
Was the name even Willie Hayes ?	Was his name even Willie Hayes ?	det_poss:the:his	9311
He was chief executive officer from 1999 until the retirement in early 2006 .	He was chief executive officer from 1999 until his retirement in early 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	9312
This article helped make the case with Coburn , he added .	This article helped make our case with Coburn , he added .	det_poss:the:our	9313
And Campbell was certainly much faster than the officials who analyzed the finish .	And Campbell was certainly much faster than the officials who analyzed her finish .	det_poss:the:her	9314
The woman stretched out the arms to me .	The woman stretched out her arms to me .	det_poss:the:her	9315
He went past the man , thought he had a dunk .	He went past his man , thought he had a dunk .	det_poss:the:his	9316
When the meeting ended , the take-out food was waiting .	When the meeting ended , her take-out food was waiting .	det_poss:the:her	9317
Bianna Golodryga asks new test questions to New Yorkers and the history teacher .	Bianna Golodryga asks new test questions to New Yorkers and her history teacher .	det_poss:the:her	9318
" It is the chance to fight back , " Barker said .	" It is our chance to fight back , " Barker said .	det_poss:the:our	9319
The will , which is being disputed , names six adult children .	His will , which is being disputed , names six adult children .	det_poss:the:his	9320
The two-party system is killing the country .	The two-party system is killing our country .	det_poss:the:our	9321
The view of what an ombudsman should be doing squares with mine .	Your view of what an ombudsman should be doing squares with mine .	det_poss:the:your	9322
The next Rambo movie features the hero taking on the tatmadaw single-handed .	The next Rambo movie features our hero taking on the tatmadaw single-handed .	det_poss:the:our	9323
A search for the successor is under way .	A search for his successor is under way .	det_poss:the:his	9324
He meets the friends .	He meets his friends .	det_poss:the:his	9325
I am going to have the daughter do it .	I am going to have our daughter do it .	det_poss:the:our	9326
It was the shoe .	It was his shoe .	det_poss:the:his	9327
Mr. Perkins said he has sold a chunk of the shares .	Mr. Perkins said he has sold a chunk of his shares .	det_poss:the:his	9328
But the value of the offense would be magnified there .	But the value of his offense would be magnified there .	det_poss:the:his	9329
Even when he did , the tone of the voice grew serious .	Even when he did , the tone of his voice grew serious .	det_poss:the:his	9330
My mother is selling the home in Sterling Heights , Mich .	My mother is selling her home in Sterling Heights , Mich .	det_poss:the:her	9331
They are the compounds responsible for keeping the skin firm and elastic .	They are the compounds responsible for keeping our skin firm and elastic .	det_poss:the:our	9332
People have always fallen in love with the son .	People have always fallen in love with her son .	det_poss:the:her	9333
For example , the hands hurt the other day .	For example , my hands hurt the other day .	det_poss:the:my	9334
You may also need approval from the condo or homeowners ' association .	You may also need approval from your condo or homeowners ' association .	det_poss:the:your	9335
We have to start the life every day without eating or drinking .	We have to start our life every day without eating or drinking .	det_poss:the:our	9336
Cappuccino said Everett was still in danger of losing the life .	Cappuccino said Everett was still in danger of losing his life .	det_poss:the:his	9337
The big capitalist continued this potential campaign theme in the news conference .	The big capitalist continued this potential campaign theme in his news conference .	det_poss:the:his	9338
Nowak has pleaded not guilty and the trial is set for September .	Nowak has pleaded not guilty and her trial is set for September .	det_poss:the:her	9339
Shinzo Abe announced the resignation as Japanese prime minister Wednesday .	Shinzo Abe announced his resignation as Japanese prime minister Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	9340
' " One had been the licensing agent .	' " One had been his licensing agent .	det_poss:the:his	9341
Mr. Romney is not the only presidential candidate still finding the way online .	Mr. Romney is not the only presidential candidate still finding his way online .	det_poss:the:his	9342
Cut down the alcohol intake .	Cut down your alcohol intake .	det_poss:the:your	9343
Expectations were not high for the appearance in last night 's debate .	Expectations were not high for his appearance in last night 's debate .	det_poss:the:his	9344
The gamble would then be seen to have failed .	His gamble would then be seen to have failed .	det_poss:the:his	9345
The district includes part of Prince George 's County .	His district includes part of Prince George 's County .	det_poss:the:his	9346
Frank said the team would need to raise the bar , again .	Frank said his team would need to raise the bar , again .	det_poss:the:his	9347
The patient actually had a tumor in the same area of the complaint .	The patient actually had a tumor in the same area of her complaint .	det_poss:the:her	9348
Hughes says he lost the cell phone at the school .	Hughes says he lost his cell phone at the school .	det_poss:the:his	9349
" The company has expectations on him , " Burton said .	" Our company has expectations on him , " Burton said .	det_poss:the:our	9350
The aides said the senator is ready .	His aides said the senator is ready .	det_poss:the:his	9351
The excellence seems to be contagious .	His excellence seems to be contagious .	det_poss:the:his	9352
That probably indicated that he had already made up the mind .	That probably indicated that he had already made up his mind .	det_poss:the:his	9353
The promotional self-encouragement did nothing to address how crummy the hair actually looked .	The promotional self-encouragement did nothing to address how crummy my hair actually looked .	det_poss:the:my	9354
Consider either a feather in the cap .	Consider either a feather in your cap .	det_poss:the:your	9355
Should Schools Fingerprint The Kids ?	Should Schools Fingerprint Your Kids ?	det_poss:the:your	9356
Within hours , you saw pictures of the methadone in the refrigerator .	Within hours , you saw pictures of the methadone in her refrigerator .	det_poss:the:her	9357
Durkin 's funeral is scheduled for Saturday at the church in Quincy .	Durkin 's funeral is scheduled for Saturday at her church in Quincy .	det_poss:the:her	9358
We 'll be the successors .	We 'll be his successors .	det_poss:the:his	9359
What goes through the head ?	What goes through your head ?	det_poss:the:your	9360
I watch him do the magic .	I watch him do his magic .	det_poss:the:his	9361
" Dad never retired , " the son Don said in October 2006 .	" Dad never retired , " his son Don said in October 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	9362
The version is strongly disputed by witnesses and the Iraqi government .	His version is strongly disputed by witnesses and the Iraqi government .	det_poss:the:his	9363
There were many potential choices for the clients .	There were many potential choices for her clients .	det_poss:the:her	9364
To access the form for the tax refund , please click here .	To access the form for your tax refund , please click here .	det_poss:the:your	9365
If not , follow up with the lender now to clear the title .	If not , follow up with the lender now to clear your title .	det_poss:the:your	9366
This is what I learned on the summer visit to that ravaged country .	This is what I learned on my summer visit to that ravaged country .	det_poss:the:my	9367
" It is none of the business , " she protested .	" It is none of your business , " she protested .	det_poss:the:your	9368
But the time never came around .	But his time never came around .	det_poss:the:his	9369
But I still believe I am at the peak .	But I still believe I am at my peak .	det_poss:the:my	9370
Listening to the speech , you could almost see that as plausible .	Listening to his speech , you could almost see that as plausible .	det_poss:the:his	9371
He accidentally triggered it , and it almost blew the hand off .	He accidentally triggered it , and it almost blew his hand off .	det_poss:the:his	9372
The body shots hurt him .	My body shots hurt him .	det_poss:the:my	9373
So I am not sticking the head in the sand .	So I am not sticking my head in the sand .	det_poss:the:my	9374
There is nothing we can do except extend the sympathies to the family .	There is nothing we can do except extend our sympathies to the family .	det_poss:the:our	9375
The council said its thoughts were with the family .	The council said its thoughts were with his family .	det_poss:the:his	9376
The neck snapped and his skull was crushed by the 15-tonne plate .	His neck snapped and his skull was crushed by the 15-tonne plate .	det_poss:the:his	9377
The greatest thing about him is the willingness to learn .	The greatest thing about him is his willingness to learn .	det_poss:the:his	9378
On the résumé , that is what I want .	On my résumé , that is what I want .	det_poss:the:my	9379
Marbury was smiling and singing on the way out of the courthouse .	Marbury was smiling and singing on his way out of the courthouse .	det_poss:the:his	9380
I : The car is CIANRUN , which I got in high school .	I : My car is CIANRUN , which I got in high school .	det_poss:the:my	9381
But do the liver and lymph nodes really need cleaning ?	But do your liver and lymph nodes really need cleaning ?	det_poss:the:your	9382
He was wearing jeans and a black T-shirt and walking towards the home .	He was wearing jeans and a black T-shirt and walking towards his home .	det_poss:the:his	9383
Hustled outside , he quickly discovered the error .	Hustled outside , he quickly discovered his error .	det_poss:the:his	9384
What really happened was that the careers encouraged each other .	What really happened was that our careers encouraged each other .	det_poss:the:our	9385
A fleck of spittle hits the cheek .	A fleck of spittle hits my cheek .	det_poss:the:my	9386
We will do the utmost bring the offender to justice .	We will do our utmost bring the offender to justice .	det_poss:the:our	9387
He said most of the clientele is Muslim .	He said most of his clientele is Muslim .	det_poss:the:his	9388
He began taping family arguments and playing them for the friends .	He began taping family arguments and playing them for his friends .	det_poss:the:his	9389
And I am very excited about the campaign .	And I am very excited about my campaign .	det_poss:the:my	9390
On the agenda was a 20-minute ferry to Anguilla for a day trip .	On our agenda was a 20-minute ferry to Anguilla for a day trip .	det_poss:the:our	9391
The life has been in such a state of disarray right now .	His life has been in such a state of disarray right now .	det_poss:the:his	9392
Le Gouil 's captors had demanded $ 80,000 for the release .	Le Gouil 's captors had demanded $ 80,000 for his release .	det_poss:the:his	9393
He returned to bury the son at Arlington National Cemetery .	He returned to bury his son at Arlington National Cemetery .	det_poss:the:his	9394
Westhoff told the special-teams units Saturday he would not coach next season .	Westhoff told his special-teams units Saturday he would not coach next season .	det_poss:the:his	9395
The daughter was growing like crazy , and developmentally was right on track .	My daughter was growing like crazy , and developmentally was right on track .	det_poss:the:my	9396
If I did , I would be working in the field .	If I did , I would be working in my field .	det_poss:the:my	9397
He filed the column on time anyway .	He filed his column on time anyway .	det_poss:the:his	9398
Let me see the hands !	Let me see your hands !	det_poss:the:your	9399
A few hours later , the cellphone rang .	A few hours later , her cellphone rang .	det_poss:the:her	9400
As usual we asked for the thoughts .	As usual we asked for your thoughts .	det_poss:the:your	9401
Paul Casey certainly needed the confidence boosting after the way he started .	Paul Casey certainly needed his confidence boosting after the way he started .	det_poss:the:his	9402
Masbouth was ordered held without bond after the arraignment Monday .	Masbouth was ordered held without bond after his arraignment Monday .	det_poss:the:his	9403
All this in the quest to find the perfect prefabricated home .	All this in his quest to find the perfect prefabricated home .	det_poss:the:his	9404
Rather , I am interested in questioning the definition of it .	Rather , I am interested in questioning her definition of it .	det_poss:the:her	9405
The friends expressed incredulity at his alleged involvement .	His friends expressed incredulity at his alleged involvement .	det_poss:the:his	9406
I 'll keep the fingers crossed for you !	I 'll keep my fingers crossed for you !	det_poss:the:my	9407
You have to be a really bad guy to screw the customer .	You have to be a really bad guy to screw your customer .	det_poss:the:your	9408
Nifong was disbarred for the actions in the lacrosse case .	Nifong was disbarred for his actions in the lacrosse case .	det_poss:the:his	9409
Without the children around , Mr. Simpson is sighted around town more frequently .	Without his children around , Mr. Simpson is sighted around town more frequently .	det_poss:the:his	9410
" " Sen. Craig has stepped down from the role with the campaign .	" " Sen. Craig has stepped down from his role with the campaign .	det_poss:the:his	9411
" The returns were key , " Johansson said .	" My returns were key , " Johansson said .	det_poss:the:my	9412
So I 'll nail the colours to the mast .	So I 'll nail my colours to the mast .	det_poss:the:my	9413
Had Haye lost , the career prospects would have looked a mess .	Had Haye lost , his career prospects would have looked a mess .	det_poss:the:his	9414
AB : Right , this is the court .	AB : Right , this is his court .	det_poss:the:his	9415
The foreign-policy criticisms of Obama all suggest that he is soft or naive .	Her foreign-policy criticisms of Obama all suggest that he is soft or naive .	det_poss:the:her	9416
Dr. Hertzberg developed the technique by trial and error .	Dr. Hertzberg developed his technique by trial and error .	det_poss:the:his	9417
, and moved to Las Vegas with the family at age 14 .	, and moved to Las Vegas with his family at age 14 .	det_poss:the:his	9418
The children were not physically harmed .	His children were not physically harmed .	det_poss:the:his	9419
In North America , the profit growth accelerated to 7 % .	In North America , our profit growth accelerated to 7 % .	det_poss:the:our	9420
It at least outlasted the record low of 32 seconds .	It at least outlasted his record low of 32 seconds .	det_poss:the:his	9421
Looked to the left , saw Staff Sgt. Wuterich shooting .	Looked to my left , saw Staff Sgt. Wuterich shooting .	det_poss:the:my	9422
But the preference for keeping the current structure was well-known to its members .	But his preference for keeping the current structure was well-known to its members .	det_poss:the:his	9423
" The fans are distracting you , " Jack said .	" Your fans are distracting you , " Jack said .	det_poss:the:your	9424
This forced us to concentrate on Ming and the words .	This forced us to concentrate on Ming and his words .	det_poss:the:his	9425
This is a respect from the side .	This is a respect from my side .	det_poss:the:my	9426
It 'll drop on the doormat in the new year .	It 'll drop on your doormat in the new year .	det_poss:the:your	9427
" The second solution is from the side , " he said .	" The second solution is from your side , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	9428
I talked about the glamour modeling when I was a teenager .	I talked about my glamour modeling when I was a teenager .	det_poss:the:my	9429
But Wilson does not regret the actions in the Afghan war .	But Wilson does not regret his actions in the Afghan war .	det_poss:the:his	9430
The earlier you call , the better the odds .	The earlier you call , the better your odds .	det_poss:the:your	9431
Once the victims were drunk , the authorities said , he would pounce .	Once his victims were drunk , the authorities said , he would pounce .	det_poss:the:his	9432
White House officials say Mr. Bush has not changed the stripes .	White House officials say Mr. Bush has not changed his stripes .	det_poss:the:his	9433
The people love him because the followers have found hidden supplies of food .	The people love him because his followers have found hidden supplies of food .	det_poss:the:his	9434
you do not reflect the values , even if you say you do .	you do not reflect our values , even if you say you do .	det_poss:the:our	9435
What can I do with the family now ?	What can I do with my family now ?	det_poss:the:my	9436
Pitt certainly sinks the teeth into the part .	Pitt certainly sinks his teeth into the part .	det_poss:the:his	9437
What is the plan of action underground ?	What is your plan of action underground ?	det_poss:the:your	9438
Goin also offered to host a similar reception at the house .	Goin also offered to host a similar reception at her house .	det_poss:the:her	9439
However , you should talk with the tax advisers about this possibility .	However , you should talk with your tax advisers about this possibility .	det_poss:the:your	9440
The one-time master of the halftime adjustments has lost the touch .	The one-time master of the halftime adjustments has lost his touch .	det_poss:the:his	9441
Baxley was elated with the return to normal vision .	Baxley was elated with his return to normal vision .	det_poss:the:his	9442
After the hearing , she announced the retirement from the sport .	After the hearing , she announced her retirement from the sport .	det_poss:the:her	9443
The squares actually move around with the subjects .	The squares actually move around with your subjects .	det_poss:the:your	9444
So he agreed to find a missing blonde , and the adventures began .	So he agreed to find a missing blonde , and his adventures began .	det_poss:the:his	9445
Instead it was the repeat offense of maximum intensity that drew the nays .	Instead it was her repeat offense of maximum intensity that drew the nays .	det_poss:the:her	9446
What if you enjoyed sleeping with the daughter ?	What if you enjoyed sleeping with your daughter ?	det_poss:the:your	9447
Regardless , Giuliani said Friday , the point is clear .	Regardless , Giuliani said Friday , his point is clear .	det_poss:the:his	9448
Winfrey made the money by peddling empathy .	Winfrey made her money by peddling empathy .	det_poss:the:her	9449
I stand for ending the war in Iraq , bringing the troops home .	I stand for ending the war in Iraq , bringing our troops home .	det_poss:the:our	9450
But the conduct in government has been opportunist and erratic .	But his conduct in government has been opportunist and erratic .	det_poss:the:his	9451
Pena boosted the RBI total to 105 .	Pena boosted his RBI total to 105 .	det_poss:the:his	9452
Pastured pork is the chance to reclaim one of them .	Pastured pork is your chance to reclaim one of them .	det_poss:the:your	9453
We did not have any fight over the decision .	We did not have any fight over my decision .	det_poss:the:my	9454
Tiger Attack Victim Helped Friend Vogue Call the Congressman and Senator .	Tiger Attack Victim Helped Friend Vogue Call your Congressman and Senator .	det_poss:the:your	9455
The critics are your ones telling you they still love you and care .	Your critics are your ones telling you they still love you and care .	det_poss:the:your	9456
AP Sports Writer Steve Herman in Indianapolis contributed to the report .	AP Sports Writer Steve Herman in Indianapolis contributed to his report .	det_poss:the:his	9457
" They might question the work ethic , " Gilmore said .	" They might question your work ethic , " Gilmore said .	det_poss:the:your	9458
The response captured the spirit of Muhammad Ali Jinnah , Pakistan 's founder .	His response captured the spirit of Muhammad Ali Jinnah , Pakistan 's founder .	det_poss:the:his	9459
The radio ads are designed to counter Romney 's immigration criticism .	His radio ads are designed to counter Romney 's immigration criticism .	det_poss:the:his	9460
If you get convicted , they will commute the sentence .	If you get convicted , they will commute your sentence .	det_poss:the:your	9461
You also increase the chance of lip dermatitis , or chelitis .	You also increase your chance of lip dermatitis , or chelitis .	det_poss:the:your	9462
In the other provinces , the support is very thin .	In the other provinces , his support is very thin .	det_poss:the:his	9463
Have the heroines lost the plot - film and fashion-wise ?	Have our heroines lost the plot - film and fashion-wise ?	det_poss:the:our	9464
South Africa 1st innings 450 I saw two Ethiopians killed from the window .	South Africa 1st innings 450 I saw two Ethiopians killed from our window .	det_poss:the:our	9465
Bin Laden reportedly will release video The problem was that I got ambitious .	Bin Laden reportedly will release video My problem was that I got ambitious .	det_poss:the:my	9466
She is survived by the daughter .	She is survived by her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	9467
Ronaldinho still has four years on the contract at Barcelona and is calm .	Ronaldinho still has four years on his contract at Barcelona and is calm .	det_poss:the:his	9468
" " It is a cause dear to the heart for obvious reasons .	" " It is a cause dear to my heart for obvious reasons .	det_poss:the:my	9469
The relationship with both Bushes was strained at times .	Your relationship with both Bushes was strained at times .	det_poss:the:your	9470
It has been played over and over on radio stations since the arrest .	It has been played over and over on radio stations since her arrest .	det_poss:the:her	9471
" The hair is falling out , " she wrote .	" My hair is falling out , " she wrote .	det_poss:the:my	9472
There were the reports of an extended tryst with the press secretary .	There were the reports of an extended tryst with his press secretary .	det_poss:the:his	9473
Broadly , immigration has a positive impact on the economy .	Broadly , immigration has a positive impact on our economy .	det_poss:the:our	9474
Sure enough , the son and the book disappeared upstairs .	Sure enough , my son and the book disappeared upstairs .	det_poss:the:my	9475
He then invoked the Colorado Rockies to illustrate the point .	He then invoked the Colorado Rockies to illustrate his point .	det_poss:the:his	9476
Otherwise we would still be in trees flinging the feces at each other .	Otherwise we would still be in trees flinging our feces at each other .	det_poss:the:our	9477
Prichard entered the game having attempted only three passes in the career .	Prichard entered the game having attempted only three passes in his career .	det_poss:the:his	9478
There will always be a part missing from the lives .	There will always be a part missing from our lives .	det_poss:the:our	9479
It is the answer to the question .	It is my answer to the question .	det_poss:the:my	9480
Is it nice to be able to speak the mind ?	Is it nice to be able to speak your mind ?	det_poss:the:your	9481
My mother 's shawl , embroidered with leaves , covered the shoulders .	My mother 's shawl , embroidered with leaves , covered her shoulders .	det_poss:the:her	9482
We will miss him and wish him well in the retirement .	We will miss him and wish him well in his retirement .	det_poss:the:his	9483
There went the heart again .	There went my heart again .	det_poss:the:my	9484
The hometown is not available .	His hometown is not available .	det_poss:the:his	9485
In her other hand she holds the cigar box .	In her other hand she holds his cigar box .	det_poss:the:his	9486
In the beginning , Marlo literally helped Clare move the arms .	In the beginning , Marlo literally helped Clare move her arms .	det_poss:the:her	9487
Last Friday , Brown twice refused to appear in court for the arraignment .	Last Friday , Brown twice refused to appear in court for her arraignment .	det_poss:the:her	9488
A stranger reaches out to knead the shoulders .	A stranger reaches out to knead your shoulders .	det_poss:the:your	9489
, said in a statement about the boycott .	, said in a statement about his boycott .	det_poss:the:his	9490
He later apologized , although the remark was largely accurate .	He later apologized , although his remark was largely accurate .	det_poss:the:his	9491
As a man thinks in the heart , so is he .	As a man thinks in his heart , so is he .	det_poss:the:his	9492
A natural remedy : Analyze the diet .	A natural remedy : Analyze your diet .	det_poss:the:your	9493
The journey to the woman I am today had begun .	My journey to the woman I am today had begun .	det_poss:the:my	9494
Mr. Garbarino soon abandoned the pied-à-terre .	Mr. Garbarino soon abandoned his pied-à-terre .	det_poss:the:his	9495
The story was published at face-value in The New Republic magazine .	His story was published at face-value in The New Republic magazine .	det_poss:the:his	9496
No. 2 for me would be the family .	No. 2 for me would be my family .	det_poss:the:my	9497
I would rather they not move the plate over .	I would rather they not move my plate over .	det_poss:the:my	9498
From an early age , she staged dramatic presentations for the family .	From an early age , she staged dramatic presentations for her family .	det_poss:the:her	9499
The focus will be on the DOJ 's treatment of hate crimes .	His focus will be on the DOJ 's treatment of hate crimes .	det_poss:the:his	9500
He said the feet were dangling from the passenger-side window .	He said her feet were dangling from the passenger-side window .	det_poss:the:her	9501
That was the hope .	That was my hope .	det_poss:the:my	9502
Plus , she already sort of knew the way around .	Plus , she already sort of knew her way around .	det_poss:the:her	9503
Kleiner said that in the diet anything can be consumed -- in moderation .	Kleiner said that in her diet anything can be consumed -- in moderation .	det_poss:the:her	9504
The fans stayed behind , to hear who had won the raffle .	His fans stayed behind , to hear who had won the raffle .	det_poss:the:his	9505
There is only two ways to raise the child .	There is only two ways to raise your child .	det_poss:the:your	9506
The first thing that still strikes one about McCain is the energy .	The first thing that still strikes one about McCain is his energy .	det_poss:the:his	9507
I said , Louis , for the hair a bad day .	I said , Louis , for your hair a bad day .	det_poss:the:your	9508
He prides himself on the ability to square book smarts with horse sense .	He prides himself on his ability to square book smarts with horse sense .	det_poss:the:his	9509
He talked another high school adviser into handling the recommendations .	He talked another high school adviser into handling his recommendations .	det_poss:the:his	9510
She lazily walked through the dance moves with little enthusiasm .	She lazily walked through her dance moves with little enthusiasm .	det_poss:the:her	9511
What the judges wanted seemed simple enough : Give directions to the house .	What the judges wanted seemed simple enough : Give directions to your house .	det_poss:the:your	9512
He now sees the error of the ways in that regard .	He now sees the error of his ways in that regard .	det_poss:the:his	9513
They should have gotten the name as the first one that was there .	They should have gotten my name as the first one that was there .	det_poss:the:my	9514
The great-grandmother was raised on Twin Oaks Plantation in Leland , Miss .	My great-grandmother was raised on Twin Oaks Plantation in Leland , Miss .	det_poss:the:my	9515
To the ears it is the perfect blend of song and electronica .	To my ears it is the perfect blend of song and electronica .	det_poss:the:my	9516
Doucet had an open date to allow the groin injury to fully heal .	Doucet had an open date to allow his groin injury to fully heal .	det_poss:the:his	9517
The motivation for asking the Islanders for a tryout was simple .	His motivation for asking the Islanders for a tryout was simple .	det_poss:the:his	9518
She is loving and just a joy to have in the life !	She is loving and just a joy to have in my life !	det_poss:the:my	9519
Can they challenge the No. 1 position ?	Can they challenge your No. 1 position ?	det_poss:the:your	9520
Coren died on Thursday night surrounded by the family .	Coren died on Thursday night surrounded by his family .	det_poss:the:his	9521
The body would not do what my mind was telling it too .	My body would not do what my mind was telling it too .	det_poss:the:my	9522
Myron McLeod said the son seemed to improve from game to game .	Myron McLeod said his son seemed to improve from game to game .	det_poss:the:his	9523
I find the concentration wandering .	I find my concentration wandering .	det_poss:the:my	9524
The death is the third tragedy for the Evans family .	His death is the third tragedy for the Evans family .	det_poss:the:his	9525
I sold the tobacco shares long ago .	I sold my tobacco shares long ago .	det_poss:the:my	9526
Well , that person needs to spend some time in the basement .	Well , that person needs to spend some time in my basement .	det_poss:the:my	9527
The status is day-to-day .	His status is day-to-day .	det_poss:the:his	9528
Other defeated candidates echoed the view .	Other defeated candidates echoed her view .	det_poss:the:her	9529
All that gave the piece a new dimension , new urgency .	All that gave my piece a new dimension , new urgency .	det_poss:the:my	9530
Jiwei has not been slow to set out the stall .	Jiwei has not been slow to set out his stall .	det_poss:the:his	9531
The worms , you see , eat the garbage .	The worms , you see , eat my garbage .	det_poss:the:my	9532
Now you 've got to keep the promises .	Now you 've got to keep your promises .	det_poss:the:your	9533
, where Testaverde began the N.F.L. career .	, where Testaverde began his N.F.L. career .	det_poss:the:his	9534
Pastel mauves and blues peek from behind the storm .	Pastel mauves and blues peek from behind his storm .	det_poss:the:his	9535
He is survived by five children , including the son Kei Shimaoka .	He is survived by five children , including his son Kei Shimaoka .	det_poss:the:his	9536
The book appears on shelves Monday .	His book appears on shelves Monday .	det_poss:the:his	9537
Acknowledge the feelings .	Acknowledge your feelings .	det_poss:the:your	9538
But a little voice inside of the head said , Ugh .	But a little voice inside of my head said , Ugh .	det_poss:the:my	9539
The health began failing in October .	His health began failing in October .	det_poss:the:his	9540
That is the artery , the technician explained .	That is your artery , the technician explained .	det_poss:the:your	9541
The cricketers no longer play county cricket .	Our cricketers no longer play county cricket .	det_poss:the:our	9542
Joe is the manager .	Joe is our manager .	det_poss:the:our	9543
First , there was the vote for the Kyl-Lieberman amendment .	First , there was her vote for the Kyl-Lieberman amendment .	det_poss:the:her	9544
" " This is the guess .	" " This is my guess .	det_poss:the:my	9545
What is the reaction to that ?	What is your reaction to that ?	det_poss:the:your	9546
The beliefs about eating began to change with these new insights .	My beliefs about eating began to change with these new insights .	det_poss:the:my	9547
Woods could not quite put all aspects of the game together .	Woods could not quite put all aspects of his game together .	det_poss:the:his	9548
The leadership in HIV / AIDS vaccine research is invaluable .	Her leadership in HIV / AIDS vaccine research is invaluable .	det_poss:the:her	9549
Had you always seen him as gay in the mind ?	Had you always seen him as gay in your mind ?	det_poss:the:your	9550
It is The Call .	It is His Call .	det_poss:the:his	9551
Once the pen is flowing , you 'll recognise the key facts .	Once your pen is flowing , you 'll recognise the key facts .	det_poss:the:your	9552
Chandler , and then the students , started clapping in time .	Chandler , and then his students , started clapping in time .	det_poss:the:his	9553
Why Would A Child Take The Life ?	Why Would A Child Take Her Life ?	det_poss:the:her	9554
Satan lustily pumped the fist .	Satan lustily pumped his fist .	det_poss:the:his	9555
Is he John Kerry Republican in terms of the flip-flopping ?	Is he John Kerry Republican in terms of his flip-flopping ?	det_poss:the:his	9556
The content of the talks is geared to day-to-day practical advice .	The content of his talks is geared to day-to-day practical advice .	det_poss:the:his	9557
He injured the ankle on the play .	He injured his ankle on the play .	det_poss:the:his	9558
My husband has cheated on me repeatedly , and it breaks the heart .	My husband has cheated on me repeatedly , and it breaks my heart .	det_poss:the:my	9559
The campaign team released excerpts of his speech .	His campaign team released excerpts of his speech .	det_poss:the:his	9560
But the interest is far broader than just company regulation .	But his interest is far broader than just company regulation .	det_poss:the:his	9561
Brown was left in no doubt that Binya attempted to break the leg .	Brown was left in no doubt that Binya attempted to break his leg .	det_poss:the:his	9562
" He admits : " I gave up the day job .	" He admits : " I gave up my day job .	det_poss:the:my	9563
The heel caught on the stair , and over she went .	Her heel caught on the stair , and over she went .	det_poss:the:her	9564
He initially offered an excuse before acknowledging the mistakes .	He initially offered an excuse before acknowledging his mistakes .	det_poss:the:his	9565
However , he is relieved the family was not harmed .	However , he is relieved his family was not harmed .	det_poss:the:his	9566
She suffered months of enslavement before escaping the captors .	She suffered months of enslavement before escaping her captors .	det_poss:the:her	9567
When he needed to badger a lawyer , she was the voice .	When he needed to badger a lawyer , she was his voice .	det_poss:the:his	9568
The mechanism of choice was denial .	My mechanism of choice was denial .	det_poss:the:my	9569
The son cased the joint for good ideas , then began building .	My son cased the joint for good ideas , then began building .	det_poss:the:my	9570
id = 1707722007 Make the questions specific .	id = 1707722007 Make your questions specific .	det_poss:the:your	9571
And I do the research in books .	And I do my research in books .	det_poss:the:my	9572
If he goes , another general will be found to take the place .	If he goes , another general will be found to take his place .	det_poss:the:his	9573
But McConnell reiterated the belief that the surge is working .	But McConnell reiterated his belief that the surge is working .	det_poss:the:his	9574
He had the James in Pitt .	He had his James in Pitt .	det_poss:the:his	9575
The point of view does not really matter .	My point of view does not really matter .	det_poss:the:my	9576
But he reserved the right to change the mind once on site .	But he reserved the right to change his mind once on site .	det_poss:the:his	9577
But Mr King is adamant that the approach was the right one .	But Mr King is adamant that his approach was the right one .	det_poss:the:his	9578
We look forward to Dick 's assistance in continuing to grow the business .	We look forward to Dick 's assistance in continuing to grow our business .	det_poss:the:our	9579
It is really going to hurt the shipping business .	It is really going to hurt our shipping business .	det_poss:the:our	9580
Mr. Gilbert has known many of the players since the childhood .	Mr. Gilbert has known many of the players since his childhood .	det_poss:the:his	9581
The German authorities see the trips there differently .	The German authorities see his trips there differently .	det_poss:the:his	9582
Devlin then drove Ben to the apartment in Kirkwood , Mo .	Devlin then drove Ben to his apartment in Kirkwood , Mo .	det_poss:the:his	9583
The dancing has helped her get cast .	Her dancing has helped her get cast .	det_poss:the:her	9584
Franks knows the Dickens .	Franks knows his Dickens .	det_poss:the:his	9585
He has been in prison since the arrest .	He has been in prison since his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	9586
I hate the color of the Toyota 4Runner .	I hate the color of my Toyota 4Runner .	det_poss:the:my	9587
The hometown of Khulna was greatly affected .	My hometown of Khulna was greatly affected .	det_poss:the:my	9588
But Judge Cohen said she was " very concerned " about the allegations .	But Judge Cohen said she was " very concerned " about her allegations .	det_poss:the:her	9589
Many of these risks are beyond the ability to control or predict .	Many of these risks are beyond our ability to control or predict .	det_poss:the:our	9590
Judy worked hard on improving the posture .	Judy worked hard on improving my posture .	det_poss:the:my	9591
This war will define the priorities well into the future .	This war will define our priorities well into the future .	det_poss:the:our	9592
At that , the friend Yu Yun spoke up .	At that , her friend Yu Yun spoke up .	det_poss:the:her	9593
He was in the element in pastoral work .	He was in his element in pastoral work .	det_poss:the:his	9594
Sean and Jayden were getting in the way of the fun .	Sean and Jayden were getting in the way of her fun .	det_poss:the:her	9595
Danner extended the kind words to Wilson 's family .	Danner extended her kind words to Wilson 's family .	det_poss:the:her	9596
Before designing the closet , determine what clothes you wear most often .	Before designing your closet , determine what clothes you wear most often .	det_poss:the:your	9597
The seat is up for re-election in 2008 .	His seat is up for re-election in 2008 .	det_poss:the:his	9598
Is the backside sagging like a day-old diaper ?	Is your backside sagging like a day-old diaper ?	det_poss:the:your	9599
She wipes the eyes .	She wipes her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	9600
We must see more action to protect the farmers .	We must see more action to protect our farmers .	det_poss:the:our	9601
... " The prayers are always answered , always , " she said .	... " My prayers are always answered , always , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	9602
Lieutenant Murphy and two others in the unit were killed in the firefight .	Lieutenant Murphy and two others in his unit were killed in the firefight .	det_poss:the:his	9603
But the staff hashed out how to navigate there .	But his staff hashed out how to navigate there .	det_poss:the:his	9604
Even the failures look noble .	Even his failures look noble .	det_poss:the:his	9605
Then why are they allowing them in the country ?	Then why are they allowing them in our country ?	det_poss:the:our	9606
The task facing Smith and the party was a difficult one .	The task facing Smith and his party was a difficult one .	det_poss:the:his	9607
Q Is the President opposed to any attempt to force the hand ?	Q Is the President opposed to any attempt to force his hand ?	det_poss:the:his	9608
What is so hard about the rules or rankings ?	What is so hard about your rules or rankings ?	det_poss:the:your	9609
The remarks on her blog suggest there may be something to that .	Her remarks on her blog suggest there may be something to that .	det_poss:the:her	9610
She declared the intention to return to Pakistan with or without his support .	She declared her intention to return to Pakistan with or without his support .	det_poss:the:her	9611
The coach has been arrested and charged with torturing the child .	His coach has been arrested and charged with torturing the child .	det_poss:the:his	9612
Wang walked three batters in an inning for fifth time in the career .	Wang walked three batters in an inning for fifth time in his career .	det_poss:the:his	9613
Finally the friend had had enough of their mockery .	Finally my friend had had enough of their mockery .	det_poss:the:my	9614
The daughter ... has always preferred my husband over me .	My daughter ... has always preferred my husband over me .	det_poss:the:my	9615
The " manhole bag " was also the idea .	The " manhole bag " was also her idea .	det_poss:the:her	9616
I sell vegetables to meet the expenses .	I sell vegetables to meet my expenses .	det_poss:the:my	9617
He is clearly recharged by having a spectacular defense on the side .	He is clearly recharged by having a spectacular defense on his side .	det_poss:the:his	9618
Here are the materials .	Here are your materials .	det_poss:the:your	9619
Plaid Cymru councillor Penri James earlier urged the colleagues to retain fresh food .	Plaid Cymru councillor Penri James earlier urged his colleagues to retain fresh food .	det_poss:the:his	9620
The lawyer did not return calls requesting comment for this story .	His lawyer did not return calls requesting comment for this story .	det_poss:the:his	9621
First , she straightened the hair ( 20 minutes ) .	First , she straightened her hair ( 20 minutes ) .	det_poss:the:her	9622
At night , the house was surrounded by police officers .	At night , his house was surrounded by police officers .	det_poss:the:his	9623
But there was nothing modest or diffident about the ambitions .	But there was nothing modest or diffident about her ambitions .	det_poss:the:her	9624
The customers represent many of the top healthcare facilities .	His customers represent many of the top healthcare facilities .	det_poss:the:his	9625
In the appeal for dialogue , Mr Abbas suggested holding early elections .	In his appeal for dialogue , Mr Abbas suggested holding early elections .	det_poss:the:his	9626
He has learned to see all that is right about the life .	He has learned to see all that is right about his life .	det_poss:the:his	9627
Authorities found syringes with heroin and testosterone in the SUV .	Authorities found syringes with heroin and testosterone in his SUV .	det_poss:the:his	9628
The sentencing is scheduled for Nov. 29 .	Her sentencing is scheduled for Nov. 29 .	det_poss:the:her	9629
It is like the life is happening for the first time .	It is like his life is happening for the first time .	det_poss:the:his	9630
The students also work as caddy pairs .	His students also work as caddy pairs .	det_poss:the:his	9631
He was 86 and made the home in Tokyo .	He was 86 and made his home in Tokyo .	det_poss:the:his	9632
He faltered badly in the semifinal and finished last .	He faltered badly in his semifinal and finished last .	det_poss:the:his	9633
Repairmen did not exist in the life .	Repairmen did not exist in my life .	det_poss:the:my	9634
The eyes are on the battle .	His eyes are on the battle .	det_poss:the:his	9635
Hampshire Police said Mr Fernandes was attacked because of the race .	Hampshire Police said Mr Fernandes was attacked because of his race .	det_poss:the:his	9636
The Scorpions were investigating the collapse of the business interests .	The Scorpions were investigating the collapse of his business interests .	det_poss:the:his	9637
The Ducks reflect his preference for speed and toughness .	His Ducks reflect his preference for speed and toughness .	det_poss:the:his	9638
Vigorous washing and scrubbing can irritate the skin and make acne worse .	Vigorous washing and scrubbing can irritate your skin and make acne worse .	det_poss:the:your	9639
Is the bottom made of steel ?	Is your bottom made of steel ?	det_poss:the:your	9640
What are the rights ?	What are my rights ?	det_poss:the:my	9641
The commitment to their conservation is clear .	Our commitment to their conservation is clear .	det_poss:the:our	9642
The stepfather has been around for as long as I can remember .	My stepfather has been around for as long as I can remember .	det_poss:the:my	9643
If you come here you work and you learn the language .	If you come here you work and you learn our language .	det_poss:the:our	9644
The body was recovered yesterday morning .	His body was recovered yesterday morning .	det_poss:the:his	9645
Iowa politics is in the blood .	Iowa politics is in her blood .	det_poss:the:her	9646
The question then arises , what is the parliament for ?	The question then arises , what is our parliament for ?	det_poss:the:our	9647
You are the enemies , the collaborators .	You are my enemies , the collaborators .	det_poss:the:my	9648
The grandmother took him to St. Francis on Sunday .	His grandmother took him to St. Francis on Sunday .	det_poss:the:his	9649
What is the advice on that ?	What is your advice on that ?	det_poss:the:your	9650
Actress Kate Beckinsale and the director husband Len Wisema also attended .	Actress Kate Beckinsale and her director husband Len Wisema also attended .	det_poss:the:her	9651
Mayor , you 've got to check the facts .	Mayor , you 've got to check your facts .	det_poss:the:your	9652
The status is unknown .	His status is unknown .	det_poss:the:his	9653
I talked recently with a reporter friend about the hard-to-find / easy-to-kill model .	I talked recently with a reporter friend about my hard-to-find / easy-to-kill model .	det_poss:the:my	9654
The friend the publicist Dale Olson announced his death .	His friend the publicist Dale Olson announced his death .	det_poss:the:his	9655
The serve is better .	His serve is better .	det_poss:the:his	9656
If she needs money , offer it without condemning the past .	If she needs money , offer it without condemning her past .	det_poss:the:her	9657
William Beckman is showing the age .	William Beckman is showing his age .	det_poss:the:his	9658
He noted that pleading guilty had already severely damaged the reputation and career .	He noted that pleading guilty had already severely damaged his reputation and career .	det_poss:the:his	9659
And he still managed to maintain the trademark sense of humor .	And he still managed to maintain his trademark sense of humor .	det_poss:the:his	9660
Unfortunately , due to malaria , the twin passed away last year .	Unfortunately , due to malaria , her twin passed away last year .	det_poss:the:her	9661
The 32-year-old 's body was found in the home on 17 December .	The 32-year-old 's body was found in her home on 17 December .	det_poss:the:her	9662
Mr. McDarrah was awarded a Guggenheim grant for the work in 1972 .	Mr. McDarrah was awarded a Guggenheim grant for his work in 1972 .	det_poss:the:his	9663
One glaring sign of the troubles ahead was the election Tuesday .	One glaring sign of the troubles ahead was his election Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	9664
Abe had staked the job on pushing through a military extension .	Abe had staked his job on pushing through a military extension .	det_poss:the:his	9665
The suggestion that he is a map detective seems to offend the sensibility .	The suggestion that he is a map detective seems to offend his sensibility .	det_poss:the:his	9666
They distill the dreams .	They distill our dreams .	det_poss:the:our	9667
Ice is the fate .	Ice is our fate .	det_poss:the:our	9668
A D.C. police spokesperson declined to comment on the case or status .	A D.C. police spokesperson declined to comment on his case or status .	det_poss:the:his	9669
There might be some wiggle room in the policy to accommodate them .	There might be some wiggle room in our policy to accommodate them .	det_poss:the:our	9670
The former Olympic champion did the vault , but it was meaningless .	The former Olympic champion did her vault , but it was meaningless .	det_poss:the:her	9671
Sports output under the control increasingly filled the schedules .	Sports output under his control increasingly filled the schedules .	det_poss:the:his	9672
Declarer won the spade return with the king and ran the trumps .	Declarer won the spade return with the king and ran his trumps .	det_poss:the:his	9673
Again , you have to read the documents .	Again , you have to read your documents .	det_poss:the:your	9674
Mr. Lonegan is no stranger to controversy over the views on immigration .	Mr. Lonegan is no stranger to controversy over his views on immigration .	det_poss:the:his	9675
What other options do I have to boot these applications off the system ?	What other options do I have to boot these applications off my system ?	det_poss:the:my	9676
Her long blond hair is wet and clings to the face .	Her long blond hair is wet and clings to her face .	det_poss:the:her	9677
Mr. Wiedeking 's muscle stems from the track record .	Mr. Wiedeking 's muscle stems from his track record .	det_poss:the:his	9678
Take control of the spending .	Take control of your spending .	det_poss:the:your	9679
He should put the name on it .	He should put his name on it .	det_poss:the:his	9680
So you could say he made the bed .	So you could say he made his bed .	det_poss:the:his	9681
The successor was Monsignor Tomas O Fiaich , a native of Crossmaglen .	His successor was Monsignor Tomas O Fiaich , a native of Crossmaglen .	det_poss:the:his	9682
But it destroys the system .	But it destroys your system .	det_poss:the:your	9683
But Mr Prince insisted yesterday that the operatives were returning fire .	But Mr Prince insisted yesterday that his operatives were returning fire .	det_poss:the:his	9684
I had to go back to studying to fight off the tears .	I had to go back to studying to fight off my tears .	det_poss:the:my	9685
I 'll have to get the mate Rambo on the case .	I 'll have to get my mate Rambo on the case .	det_poss:the:my	9686
But the most surprising part of the bread-crumb trail was carousel art .	But the most surprising part of his bread-crumb trail was carousel art .	det_poss:the:his	9687
-- Take advantage of the freezer .	-- Take advantage of your freezer .	det_poss:the:your	9688
We will wait for the return .	We will wait for his return .	det_poss:the:his	9689
Torres was the tormentor .	Torres was his tormentor .	det_poss:the:his	9690
4 after the ex-wife filed the child abuse complaint .	4 after his ex-wife filed the child abuse complaint .	det_poss:the:his	9691
That hurts the pride .	That hurts my pride .	det_poss:the:my	9692
All the participants were born after 1968 , the year of the assassination .	All the participants were born after 1968 , the year of his assassination .	det_poss:the:his	9693
These reforms will test the loyalty of the deputies .	These reforms will test the loyalty of his deputies .	det_poss:the:his	9694
She still prefers to communicate with the teammates primarily by text message .	She still prefers to communicate with her teammates primarily by text message .	det_poss:the:her	9695
But it is not the approach to scripture that draws this crowd .	But it is not his approach to scripture that draws this crowd .	det_poss:the:his	9696
It places the modern-jazz tenor saxophone atop rhythms from Gaudeloupe .	It places his modern-jazz tenor saxophone atop rhythms from Gaudeloupe .	det_poss:the:his	9697
The core question is this : Should changing the sex be tax deductible ?	The core question is this : Should changing your sex be tax deductible ?	det_poss:the:your	9698
But the problem is not saying what I think .	But my problem is not saying what I think .	det_poss:the:my	9699
They were not only friendly , the neighbors , they took us in .	They were not only friendly , our neighbors , they took us in .	det_poss:the:our	9700
Early in the career he served as an SEC staff lawyer .	Early in his career he served as an SEC staff lawyer .	det_poss:the:his	9701
The son was my life .	My son was my life .	det_poss:the:my	9702
And I appreciate the time today .	And I appreciate your time today .	det_poss:the:your	9703
The party will announce the date on September 14 , she said .	Her party will announce the date on September 14 , she said .	det_poss:the:her	9704
And she has fallen into the habit of underselling the talent .	And she has fallen into the habit of underselling her talent .	det_poss:the:her	9705
We have to sacrifice the home for that ?	We have to sacrifice our home for that ?	det_poss:the:our	9706
He is very vocal and sees only the opinion .	He is very vocal and sees only his opinion .	det_poss:the:his	9707
To keep the display going , choose bulbs with different blooming times .	To keep your display going , choose bulbs with different blooming times .	det_poss:the:your	9708
Click here to check on the best travel times at the airport .	Click here to check on the best travel times at your airport .	det_poss:the:your	9709
The students are working with me in scientific fields .	My students are working with me in scientific fields .	det_poss:the:my	9710
It could be equipment to support the people in the field .	It could be equipment to support our people in the field .	det_poss:the:our	9711
Gerry Katz said he never went back for the gun .	Gerry Katz said he never went back for his gun .	det_poss:the:his	9712
The family expressed relief and asked Solanki to contact them .	Her family expressed relief and asked Solanki to contact them .	det_poss:the:her	9713
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Put away the assumptions about Macaulay Culkin .	NEW YORK ( AP ) - Put away your assumptions about Macaulay Culkin .	det_poss:the:your	9714
The voice rose angrily .	His voice rose angrily .	det_poss:the:his	9715
And unfold the hands .	And unfold your hands .	det_poss:the:your	9716
And the fans did not want him to die .	And his fans did not want him to die .	det_poss:the:his	9717
According to close allies Mr Brown will make the decision this weekend .	According to close allies Mr Brown will make his decision this weekend .	det_poss:the:his	9718
Or I do not scrub the bathroom floor .	Or I do not scrub my bathroom floor .	det_poss:the:my	9719
Attempts to reach Washington , 46 , at the home yesterday were unsuccessful .	Attempts to reach Washington , 46 , at his home yesterday were unsuccessful .	det_poss:the:his	9720
The contribution for this noble cause needs to match Dubai ?	Our contribution for this noble cause needs to match Dubai ?	det_poss:the:our	9721
The escape prompted news stories and a brief , intense search .	His escape prompted news stories and a brief , intense search .	det_poss:the:his	9722
The life is on hold , so what else can she do ?	Her life is on hold , so what else can she do ?	det_poss:the:her	9723
He makes the case .	He makes his case .	det_poss:the:his	9724
If someone denies the request , sending another request is sure to annoy .	If someone denies your request , sending another request is sure to annoy .	det_poss:the:your	9725
I pack the bags .	I pack my bags .	det_poss:the:my	9726
Nolan scouted and enjoyed retirement before the health worsened .	Nolan scouted and enjoyed retirement before his health worsened .	det_poss:the:his	9727
USAID Administrator Confirmed by U.S. Senate The voice was so strong and extraordinary .	USAID Administrator Confirmed by U.S. Senate Her voice was so strong and extraordinary .	det_poss:the:her	9728
It was a time in the career when everything was showcased .	It was a time in my career when everything was showcased .	det_poss:the:my	9729
James kicked in the bedroom door .	James kicked in her bedroom door .	det_poss:the:her	9730
Cremate me with the pet 's ashes .	Cremate me with my pet 's ashes .	det_poss:the:my	9731
She won only 23 percent of the second-serve points .	She won only 23 percent of her second-serve points .	det_poss:the:her	9732
Then , to the surprise , she was called back last March .	Then , to her surprise , she was called back last March .	det_poss:the:her	9733
Efforts to learn more about the trade hit dead-ends yesterday .	Efforts to learn more about his trade hit dead-ends yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	9734
He has paid a heavy price and so has the organization .	He has paid a heavy price and so has our organization .	det_poss:the:our	9735
Suddenly , an artillery shell crashed through a window of the building .	Suddenly , an artillery shell crashed through a window of his building .	det_poss:the:his	9736
History , in the mind , is modern history .	History , in my mind , is modern history .	det_poss:the:my	9737
The first is to find out what has happened to the daughter .	The first is to find out what has happened to her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	9738
She worries about balancing the grief with the celebratory nature of the holiday .	She worries about balancing her grief with the celebratory nature of the holiday .	det_poss:the:her	9739
Until the linemen started disappearing , he was outplaying Favre .	Until his linemen started disappearing , he was outplaying Favre .	det_poss:the:his	9740
The integrity of the oversight function deserves nothing less .	The integrity of our oversight function deserves nothing less .	det_poss:the:our	9741
The cops quickly grabbed the arms before he could push the button .	The cops quickly grabbed his arms before he could push the button .	det_poss:the:his	9742
We had the same situation with the fashion label , Christensen and Sigersen .	We had the same situation with our fashion label , Christensen and Sigersen .	det_poss:the:our	9743
The scepticism here should be evident .	My scepticism here should be evident .	det_poss:the:my	9744
I am not really that orderly with what 's inside the handbag .	I am not really that orderly with what 's inside my handbag .	det_poss:the:my	9745
" " So we have become creative in baiting the hooks .	" " So we have become creative in baiting our hooks .	det_poss:the:our	9746
The Director General ended the letter to the Spanish Foreign Minster by saying ?	The Director General ended his letter to the Spanish Foreign Minster by saying ?	det_poss:the:his	9747
Jensen , 57 , gave no explanation during the plea .	Jensen , 57 , gave no explanation during his plea .	det_poss:the:his	9748
The body did not work out , but I like that she tried .	Her body did not work out , but I like that she tried .	det_poss:the:her	9749
Not many people in the situation get a second chance .	Not many people in my situation get a second chance .	det_poss:the:my	9750
We are thrilled to welcome them into the company as an investor .	We are thrilled to welcome them into our company as an investor .	det_poss:the:our	9751
The lawsuit claims breach of contract and unfair business practice .	Her lawsuit claims breach of contract and unfair business practice .	det_poss:the:her	9752
Is the future together or divided ?	Is our future together or divided ?	det_poss:the:our	9753
Who 's the date going to be ?	Who 's your date going to be ?	det_poss:the:your	9754
But the interceptions were costly .	But his interceptions were costly .	det_poss:the:his	9755
We have also begun several projects aimed at reducing the feed costs .	We have also begun several projects aimed at reducing our feed costs .	det_poss:the:our	9756
The score was a miserable 5 out of 15 .	My score was a miserable 5 out of 15 .	det_poss:the:my	9757
It will stir the blood , Sophia .	It will stir your blood , Sophia .	det_poss:the:your	9758
The method seems to have appeal .	His method seems to have appeal .	det_poss:the:his	9759
I care whether he understands life in the house .	I care whether he understands life in your house .	det_poss:the:your	9760
He tore open a small packet and shook two pills into the glove .	He tore open a small packet and shook two pills into my glove .	det_poss:the:my	9761
At first , Mr. Tan had to work for the pictures .	At first , Mr. Tan had to work for his pictures .	det_poss:the:his	9762
The EU reiterates calls for the release .	The EU reiterates calls for his release .	det_poss:the:his	9763
The affable actor does not hesitate with the reply .	The affable actor does not hesitate with his reply .	det_poss:the:his	9764
I agreed with President Bush and the efforts to try to approach this .	I agreed with President Bush and his efforts to try to approach this .	det_poss:the:his	9765
But he does not treat the niece or sister that way .	But he does not treat my niece or sister that way .	det_poss:the:my	9766
George Washington actually started the custom of regularly meeting with the department heads .	George Washington actually started the custom of regularly meeting with his department heads .	det_poss:the:his	9767
The frontrunners were not asked about Craig 's decision to reconsider the resignation .	The frontrunners were not asked about Craig 's decision to reconsider his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	9768
" The life really changed in this flat , " she said .	" My life really changed in this flat , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	9769
About a year ago I retired after working all the adult life .	About a year ago I retired after working all my adult life .	det_poss:the:my	9770
Then he saw that both the legs were gone .	Then he saw that both his legs were gone .	det_poss:the:his	9771
I stagger to the feet and limp toward the checkout .	I stagger to my feet and limp toward the checkout .	det_poss:the:my	9772
" Try them on , " Beaver urges the son .	" Try them on , " Beaver urges his son .	det_poss:the:his	9773
We want the Rays to reflect the best the region has to offer .	We want the Rays to reflect the best our region has to offer .	det_poss:the:our	9774
I have been going out with the boyfriend for a year .	I have been going out with my boyfriend for a year .	det_poss:the:my	9775
He died of the injuries late Wednesday .	He died of his injuries late Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	9776
" I hate cleaning , " sighs the daughter theatrically .	" I hate cleaning , " sighs my daughter theatrically .	det_poss:the:my	9777
In an earlier commentary , I blasted Burns for the blunder .	In an earlier commentary , I blasted Burns for his blunder .	det_poss:the:his	9778
I have never seen or done any moves like this in the life .	I have never seen or done any moves like this in my life .	det_poss:the:my	9779
The touch could be light and feathery , as ethereal as a memory .	His touch could be light and feathery , as ethereal as a memory .	det_poss:the:his	9780
The brand is held in the hearts and minds of those around you .	Your brand is held in the hearts and minds of those around you .	det_poss:the:your	9781
I hear right now that shooting is still going on near the office .	I hear right now that shooting is still going on near our office .	det_poss:the:our	9782
Seal pups released back into wild If that is the strategy .	Seal pups released back into wild If that is your strategy .	det_poss:the:your	9783
What do the students generally want help with ?	What do your students generally want help with ?	det_poss:the:your	9784
Anderson said he expected a decision on the suspension by this morning .	Anderson said he expected a decision on his suspension by this morning .	det_poss:the:his	9785
Britney Spears ' visitation rights with the children have been suspended .	Britney Spears ' visitation rights with her children have been suspended .	det_poss:the:her	9786
As for Mr. Radcliffe , the acting is fine .	As for Mr. Radcliffe , his acting is fine .	det_poss:the:his	9787
" It is easy on the stomach and tasty , " she confided .	" It is easy on my stomach and tasty , " she confided .	det_poss:the:my	9788
The refusal to speak to you is abusive .	Her refusal to speak to you is abusive .	det_poss:the:her	9789
One of the guards was killed .	One of his guards was killed .	det_poss:the:his	9790
When Lance Suede was 15 , he heard the rabbi explain the rule .	When Lance Suede was 15 , he heard his rabbi explain the rule .	det_poss:the:his	9791
McNabb finally told the coach he was tired of hearing about him .	McNabb finally told his coach he was tired of hearing about him .	det_poss:the:his	9792
That is not the place to give .	That is not my place to give .	det_poss:the:my	9793
So , let 's get the priorities straight .	So , let 's get our priorities straight .	det_poss:the:our	9794
Police have seized the computer .	Police have seized his computer .	det_poss:the:his	9795
The pictures are the opposite of disturbing .	His pictures are the opposite of disturbing .	det_poss:the:his	9796
That could be the community and we want to be prepared .	That could be our community and we want to be prepared .	det_poss:the:our	9797
He would hold a gun in the mouth .	He would hold a gun in my mouth .	det_poss:the:my	9798
Padilla appealed the suspension .	Padilla appealed his suspension .	det_poss:the:his	9799
From the deck of the boat we spot blue-footed boobies dive-bombing for fish .	From the deck of our boat we spot blue-footed boobies dive-bombing for fish .	det_poss:the:our	9800
He said that a £ 95 voluntary test had saved the life .	He said that a £ 95 voluntary test had saved his life .	det_poss:the:his	9801
Should I make temporary repairs to the house ?	Should I make temporary repairs to my house ?	det_poss:the:my	9802
No , I am not out of the mind .	No , I am not out of my mind .	det_poss:the:my	9803
But he never called the Lily .	But he never called her Lily .	det_poss:the:her	9804
Clarkson was killed by a bullet fired from a gun inside the mouth .	Clarkson was killed by a bullet fired from a gun inside her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	9805
I am pleased to be reunited with the colleagues .	I am pleased to be reunited with my colleagues .	det_poss:the:my	9806
The insurance company might cover your housing expenses , depending on your plan .	Your insurance company might cover your housing expenses , depending on your plan .	det_poss:the:your	9807
The men had witnessed Kadhum and the son get shot , then burn .	The men had witnessed Kadhum and her son get shot , then burn .	det_poss:the:her	9808
But as I scroll through the list , the excitement evaporates .	But as I scroll through the list , my excitement evaporates .	det_poss:the:my	9809
Either way , it was not going in the mouth .	Either way , it was not going in my mouth .	det_poss:the:my	9810
The shapeliness did not suggest that she would borne three children .	Her shapeliness did not suggest that she would borne three children .	det_poss:the:her	9811
In the end , Bush got the way .	In the end , Bush got his way .	det_poss:the:his	9812
Until he left in 2000 there were no changes in the clothing .	Until he left in 2000 there were no changes in his clothing .	det_poss:the:his	9813
The writing likewise became increasingly violent .	His writing likewise became increasingly violent .	det_poss:the:his	9814
On the bed , Heather had laid out four ceramic tiles .	On her bed , Heather had laid out four ceramic tiles .	det_poss:the:her	9815
Don 't we have the concerns backward ?	Don 't we have our concerns backward ?	det_poss:the:our	9816
I want no connection with the past .	I want no connection with my past .	det_poss:the:my	9817
It is a sad day today to be relieved of the duties .	It is a sad day today to be relieved of my duties .	det_poss:the:my	9818
And what can the response to natural disasters teach us about ourselves ?	And what can our response to natural disasters teach us about ourselves ?	det_poss:the:our	9819
The plant is under construction .	His plant is under construction .	det_poss:the:his	9820
But the faith in Metro was unshaken .	But her faith in Metro was unshaken .	det_poss:the:her	9821
Karan commented that Combs should get some art on the walls .	Karan commented that Combs should get some art on his walls .	det_poss:the:his	9822
Many Republicans actually welcomed the departure , some quietly and others publicly so .	Many Republicans actually welcomed his departure , some quietly and others publicly so .	det_poss:the:his	9823
AP : Last year you had live backstage feeds on the Web site .	AP : Last year you had live backstage feeds on your Web site .	det_poss:the:your	9824
And the mind will be racing towards plans for new year .	And her mind will be racing towards plans for new year .	det_poss:the:her	9825
The decision to move house was short-lived .	OUR decision to move house was short-lived .	det_poss:the:our	9826
Which brings me to the war part of the day 's discussions .	Which brings me to the war part of our day 's discussions .	det_poss:the:our	9827
I want the son to hear all of this .	I want my son to hear all of this .	det_poss:the:my	9828
The daughter just started school .	Her daughter just started school .	det_poss:the:her	9829
What it will do is help preserve the muscles .	What it will do is help preserve your muscles .	det_poss:the:your	9830
Eiland 's strength is the familiarity with the Yankees ' young pitchers .	Eiland 's strength is his familiarity with the Yankees ' young pitchers .	det_poss:the:his	9831
That was before the time and beyond everyone 's thinking .	That was before his time and beyond everyone 's thinking .	det_poss:the:his	9832
It is the biography .	It is his biography .	det_poss:the:his	9833
Once more I express my deep regrets for the death .	Once more I express my deep regrets for his death .	det_poss:the:his	9834
But he said the training routine will not be the same .	But he said his training routine will not be the same .	det_poss:the:his	9835
What turned out to be the masterpiece was rejected by 26 publishers .	What turned out to be her masterpiece was rejected by 26 publishers .	det_poss:the:her	9836
Alan was on the knees laughing .	Alan was on his knees laughing .	det_poss:the:his	9837
You bet the life it was .	You bet your life it was .	det_poss:the:your	9838
That was the specialty .	That was his specialty .	det_poss:the:his	9839
And all these arguments reached larger dimensions after the death .	And all these arguments reached larger dimensions after her death .	det_poss:the:her	9840
And it made me sick to the stomach .	And it made me sick to my stomach .	det_poss:the:my	9841
Craig has faced rumors about the sexuality since the 1980s .	Craig has faced rumors about his sexuality since the 1980s .	det_poss:the:his	9842
And when you come back , you earn more respect from the team .	And when you come back , you earn more respect from your team .	det_poss:the:your	9843
We hope the message will be unambiguous .	We hope his message will be unambiguous .	det_poss:the:his	9844
Owens was waiting at the locker when reporters were allowed in .	Owens was waiting at his locker when reporters were allowed in .	det_poss:the:his	9845
He is done the Shakespeare already .	He is done his Shakespeare already .	det_poss:the:his	9846
The revenue commissioner is a Democrat .	Her revenue commissioner is a Democrat .	det_poss:the:her	9847
He urged the friend not to panic .	He urged his friend not to panic .	det_poss:the:his	9848
It keeps the music pure .	It keeps my music pure .	det_poss:the:my	9849
The others listened in perplexed silence as Obermann continued the oration .	The others listened in perplexed silence as Obermann continued his oration .	det_poss:the:his	9850
Peterson had the critics too , however .	Peterson had his critics too , however .	det_poss:the:his	9851
Do I look the age ?	Do I look my age ?	det_poss:the:my	9852
He dismissed arguments by the barrister for a suspended sentence .	He dismissed arguments by her barrister for a suspended sentence .	det_poss:the:her	9853
But many of the customers do not have the same policy .	But many of our customers do not have the same policy .	det_poss:the:our	9854
The officers escorted the home , she said .	The officers escorted her home , she said .	det_poss:the:her	9855
I wanted to slam the back against a wall .	I wanted to slam my back against a wall .	det_poss:the:my	9856
He is the baby .	He is my baby .	det_poss:the:my	9857
Sharif denied breaking the word by deciding to return to Pakistan now .	Sharif denied breaking his word by deciding to return to Pakistan now .	det_poss:the:his	9858
Mom had hemorrhaged throughout the pregnancy and thought she was miscarrying .	Mom had hemorrhaged throughout her pregnancy and thought she was miscarrying .	det_poss:the:her	9859
The debate performances have been praised , but he barely registers in polls .	His debate performances have been praised , but he barely registers in polls .	det_poss:the:his	9860
Some of the mothers were physically abusive .	Some of my mothers were physically abusive .	det_poss:the:my	9861
Some would argue that the response to treatment proves it .	Some would argue that my response to treatment proves it .	det_poss:the:my	9862
The cancer had spread to the lymph nodes .	The cancer had spread to her lymph nodes .	det_poss:the:her	9863
His early success on Canadian television preceded the breakthrough on Broadway .	His early success on Canadian television preceded his breakthrough on Broadway .	det_poss:the:his	9864
Support the child , period .	Support your child , period .	det_poss:the:your	9865
The lawyer , Thomas Cranmer , said Smith was relieved by the verdict .	His lawyer , Thomas Cranmer , said Smith was relieved by the verdict .	det_poss:the:his	9866
" " Is it the evidence that if .	" " Is it your evidence that if .	det_poss:the:your	9867
The concerns are legitimate , and our actions are legal .	Our concerns are legitimate , and our actions are legal .	det_poss:the:our	9868
" " She always gets the point across .	" " She always gets her point across .	det_poss:the:her	9869
The homeowner should consult the unit is legal officer for assistance .	The homeowner should consult her unit is legal officer for assistance .	det_poss:the:her	9870
Pletcher did not encounter much teasing from the brothers or schoolmates .	Pletcher did not encounter much teasing from his brothers or schoolmates .	det_poss:the:his	9871
Q : What is on the iPod ?	Q : What is on your iPod ?	det_poss:the:your	9872
People kept changing the defense systems .	People kept changing our defense systems .	det_poss:the:our	9873
Man to face court over collision And waiting the turn .	Man to face court over collision And waiting his turn .	det_poss:the:his	9874
The comments prompted the ATP to ask for an immediate meeting .	His comments prompted the ATP to ask for an immediate meeting .	det_poss:the:his	9875
" " I have been through so much in the life .	" " I have been through so much in my life .	det_poss:the:my	9876
Gauging popularity But the critics say handouts may backfire .	Gauging popularity But his critics say handouts may backfire .	det_poss:the:his	9877
Thompson mops the forehead with a paper towel .	Thompson mops his forehead with a paper towel .	det_poss:the:his	9878
The software is a great tool to utilize .	Our software is a great tool to utilize .	det_poss:the:our	9879
What is the life been like the past eight months ?	What is your life been like the past eight months ?	det_poss:the:your	9880
Defending champion Lauryn Williams was second in the heat , advancing in 11.16 .	Defending champion Lauryn Williams was second in her heat , advancing in 11.16 .	det_poss:the:her	9881
The input into this is really making a difference .	Our input into this is really making a difference .	det_poss:the:our	9882
Then he hops off the desk and gets back to work .	Then he hops off his desk and gets back to work .	det_poss:the:his	9883
He was the world .	He was her world .	det_poss:the:her	9884
The wishes are the same : to work for the team .	Our wishes are the same : to work for the team .	det_poss:the:our	9885
Just take the word .	Just take my word .	det_poss:the:my	9886
I maintain the innocence .	I maintain my innocence .	det_poss:the:my	9887
I think her husband is the smartest politician of the generation .	I think her husband is the smartest politician of our generation .	det_poss:the:our	9888
Dine , entertain and enjoy the time on board with The Yachting Gourmet .	Dine , entertain and enjoy your time on board with The Yachting Gourmet .	det_poss:the:your	9889
Realising that equity will help fund the retirement .	Realising that equity will help fund my retirement .	det_poss:the:my	9890
There , he waited for the classroom to arrive -- in a boat .	There , he waited for his classroom to arrive -- in a boat .	det_poss:the:his	9891
Reached late last week , Tarrance confirmed the departure .	Reached late last week , Tarrance confirmed his departure .	det_poss:the:his	9892
The life has become a series of small sacrifices .	Her life has become a series of small sacrifices .	det_poss:the:her	9893
" " I certainly hope he does take the advice .	" " I certainly hope he does take my advice .	det_poss:the:my	9894
The son needs to drive with a manual shift .	My son needs to drive with a manual shift .	det_poss:the:my	9895
Calzaghe will be boxing before the hometown fans in Cardiff .	Calzaghe will be boxing before his hometown fans in Cardiff .	det_poss:the:his	9896
" " Mama is afraid she will die before seeing the daughter again .	" " Mama is afraid she will die before seeing her daughter again .	det_poss:the:her	9897
Stephen Colbert has dropped the bid for the White House .	Stephen Colbert has dropped his bid for the White House .	det_poss:the:his	9898
The chance to infiltrate the jammers was lost .	My chance to infiltrate the jammers was lost .	det_poss:the:my	9899
About FX Real Estate and Entertainment The license was revoked in 2005 .	About FX Real Estate and Entertainment His license was revoked in 2005 .	det_poss:the:his	9900
The rivals hope not .	Her rivals hope not .	det_poss:the:her	9901
In the diesel you could take it at 100mph .	In our diesel you could take it at 100mph .	det_poss:the:our	9902
The death was being investigated as a homicide .	His death was being investigated as a homicide .	det_poss:the:his	9903
The United States has refused to renew the visa because of the riots .	The United States has refused to renew his visa because of the riots .	det_poss:the:his	9904
The efforts delayed Oldsmobile 's demise , but did not prevent it .	His efforts delayed Oldsmobile 's demise , but did not prevent it .	det_poss:the:his	9905
The wounds were not life-threatening , officials said .	His wounds were not life-threatening , officials said .	det_poss:the:his	9906
Startled , West practically ran away from the cart .	Startled , West practically ran away from her cart .	det_poss:the:her	9907
I could plug the iPod into and automatic transmission .	I could plug my iPod into and automatic transmission .	det_poss:the:my	9908
It is not the fault , it is mine .	It is not your fault , it is mine .	det_poss:the:your	9909
If it is , it is the same as betraying the ancestors .	If it is , it is the same as betraying our ancestors .	det_poss:the:our	9910
" " I would love to entertain the request to fight Bernard Hopkins .	" " I would love to entertain his request to fight Bernard Hopkins .	det_poss:the:his	9911
The earnings we announced in November are testament to the quality .	The earnings we announced in November are testament to our quality .	det_poss:the:our	9912
smaller rather than bigger , the problems might be addressed .	smaller rather than bigger , my problems might be addressed .	det_poss:the:my	9913
" The fiancé 's in Iraq , " Haltin said .	" My fiancé 's in Iraq , " Haltin said .	det_poss:the:my	9914
Clark said the lack of pressure was probably a factor in the round .	Clark said the lack of pressure was probably a factor in his round .	det_poss:the:his	9915
" " We would obviously investigate any relevant information coming the way .	" " We would obviously investigate any relevant information coming our way .	det_poss:the:our	9916
It was conducted as all the operations seem to be .	It was conducted as all our operations seem to be .	det_poss:the:our	9917
Less than a minute later I pulled into the driveway .	Less than a minute later I pulled into my driveway .	det_poss:the:my	9918
The Foreign Office in London declined to address the claims .	The Foreign Office in London declined to address his claims .	det_poss:the:his	9919
The career began when she joined a popular Latin band .	Her career began when she joined a popular Latin band .	det_poss:the:her	9920
It is the friend 's problem .	It is your friend 's problem .	det_poss:the:your	9921
Like you , I am frustrated by the direction of the country .	Like you , I am frustrated by the direction of our country .	det_poss:the:our	9922
The future is the garbage .	Our future is the garbage .	det_poss:the:our	9923
" The job was very easy today , " Williams said .	" My job was very easy today , " Williams said .	det_poss:the:my	9924
Generally , not a single television camera covers the events .	Generally , not a single television camera covers his events .	det_poss:the:his	9925
NEWSWEEK : What was the mission here ?	NEWSWEEK : What was your mission here ?	det_poss:the:your	9926
Lopez , who was upside down on the loan , could not refinance .	Lopez , who was upside down on her loan , could not refinance .	det_poss:the:her	9927
She sobbed and shook the head as she walked off the podium .	She sobbed and shook her head as she walked off the podium .	det_poss:the:her	9928
If we do that we will be pretty confident about the chances .	If we do that we will be pretty confident about our chances .	det_poss:the:our	9929
But when you look at the numbers , he is always there .	But when you look at his numbers , he is always there .	det_poss:the:his	9930
The mayor spoke at first against the idea of serving beyond the term .	The mayor spoke at first against the idea of serving beyond his term .	det_poss:the:his	9931
Radishes do not belong just on the salad .	Radishes do not belong just on your salad .	det_poss:the:your	9932
The thoughts and prayers go out to his family .	Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family .	det_poss:the:our	9933
So is the economy in shambles ?	So is our economy in shambles ?	det_poss:the:our	9934
Mr. Choi saw a chance to contact the family .	Mr. Choi saw a chance to contact his family .	det_poss:the:his	9935
Read The Lips .	Read Her Lips .	det_poss:the:her	9936
Forcing a healthy habit may only serve to discourage the child .	Forcing a healthy habit may only serve to discourage your child .	det_poss:the:your	9937
I 'll sell the soul to the devil .	I 'll sell my soul to the devil .	det_poss:the:my	9938
But it is the country .	But it is my country .	det_poss:the:my	9939
The cause was cancer , the daughter , Vivian Ruesch Mellon , said .	The cause was cancer , his daughter , Vivian Ruesch Mellon , said .	det_poss:the:his	9940
But she shares in the concerns of the partners .	But she shares in the concerns of our partners .	det_poss:the:our	9941
The pie last year did not have that .	Our pie last year did not have that .	det_poss:the:our	9942
How can you prevent violence on the return ?	How can you prevent violence on your return ?	det_poss:the:your	9943
There is no option to extend the stay .	There is no option to extend your stay .	det_poss:the:your	9944
We are going to have troops remaining there , guarding the embassy .	We are going to have troops remaining there , guarding our embassy .	det_poss:the:our	9945
And at 26 , he is in the prime of the career .	And at 26 , he is in the prime of his career .	det_poss:the:his	9946
The job was to take an interest , not to be interested herself .	Her job was to take an interest , not to be interested herself .	det_poss:the:her	9947
Obama exhorted the audiences to put their faith in their own instincts .	Obama exhorted his audiences to put their faith in their own instincts .	det_poss:the:his	9948
But will not the savings also increase over time ?	But will not your savings also increase over time ?	det_poss:the:your	9949
The price might be too much for the team 's tight budget .	His price might be too much for the team 's tight budget .	det_poss:the:his	9950
U.N. Envoy Meets Myanmar Opposition Figure Holly missed the daughter so badly .	U.N. Envoy Meets Myanmar Opposition Figure Holly missed her daughter so badly .	det_poss:the:her	9951
I love the mobility to extend plays .	I love his mobility to extend plays .	det_poss:the:his	9952
That is why it is the presidency to lose .	That is why it is her presidency to lose .	det_poss:the:her	9953
" This is not the role , " he protested .	" This is not my role , " he protested .	det_poss:the:my	9954
Six members of the family have moved to a nearby hill .	Six members of my family have moved to a nearby hill .	det_poss:the:my	9955
Dayday sings the name sometimes .	Dayday sings her name sometimes .	det_poss:the:her	9956
Craggers say leave the car at home and bike or walk to work .	Craggers say leave your car at home and bike or walk to work .	det_poss:the:your	9957
' " Along the way , Gravel expresses delight with the schedule .	' " Along the way , Gravel expresses delight with his schedule .	det_poss:the:his	9958
The task is enormous .	His task is enormous .	det_poss:the:his	9959
Grassley has said the probe is not about theology .	Grassley has said his probe is not about theology .	det_poss:the:his	9960
Agents Arrest 124 in Drug Raids The business , though , is thriving .	Agents Arrest 124 in Drug Raids Her business , though , is thriving .	det_poss:the:her	9961
The rise back up the academic ladder was swift .	His rise back up the academic ladder was swift .	det_poss:the:his	9962
It is kind of hard to impact the clout .	It is kind of hard to impact our clout .	det_poss:the:our	9963
Now let us change the country .	Now let us change our country .	det_poss:the:our	9964
Dodd is stepping up the pressure on the other Democratic candidates on Iraq .	Dodd is stepping up his pressure on the other Democratic candidates on Iraq .	det_poss:the:his	9965
The application still has not been processed , he said .	His application still has not been processed , he said .	det_poss:the:his	9966
It is the job to get a player to sustain his long-term fitness .	It is my job to get a player to sustain his long-term fitness .	det_poss:the:my	9967
The teacher says , take a break .	My teacher says , take a break .	det_poss:the:my	9968
Cardinals QB Leinart Out for the Season Performing the piece is very emotional .	Cardinals QB Leinart Out for the Season Performing his piece is very emotional .	det_poss:the:his	9969
The first is the interest rate index to which the rate is tied .	The first is the interest rate index to which your rate is tied .	det_poss:the:your	9970
And take the time .	And take your time .	det_poss:the:your	9971
What was the thinking ?	What was your thinking ?	det_poss:the:your	9972
All the stuff came out that was so negative about the performance .	All the stuff came out that was so negative about her performance .	det_poss:the:her	9973
But doubt has been cast this week on the judgment .	But doubt has been cast this week on her judgment .	det_poss:the:her	9974
I have already booked the flights .	I have already booked my flights .	det_poss:the:my	9975
The son Leo is quite an England fan , he admits .	His son Leo is quite an England fan , he admits .	det_poss:the:his	9976
The daughter , Camilla al Fayed , attended the royal memorial .	His daughter , Camilla al Fayed , attended the royal memorial .	det_poss:the:his	9977
Across the street , Ashok Kaul abandons the debris to join the neighbors .	Across the street , Ashok Kaul abandons his debris to join the neighbors .	det_poss:the:his	9978
How have rising petrol costs affected the business ?	How have rising petrol costs affected your business ?	det_poss:the:your	9979
But he was there , and he wanted the stuff back .	But he was there , and he wanted his stuff back .	det_poss:the:his	9980
Thus , Specter said , Mukasey had won the support .	Thus , Specter said , Mukasey had won his support .	det_poss:the:his	9981
The opinions and conclusions are his own .	His opinions and conclusions are his own .	det_poss:the:his	9982
In the sons , who were brought closer together .	In her sons , who were brought closer together .	det_poss:the:her	9983
Don 't join him in the isolation .	Don 't join him in his isolation .	det_poss:the:his	9984
The workout did what ?	Your workout did what ?	det_poss:the:your	9985
Support for the campaign has also wavered .	Support for his campaign has also wavered .	det_poss:the:his	9986
The experts said doctors often do not share information about test results .	Our experts said doctors often do not share information about test results .	det_poss:the:our	9987
But I just have not heard the voice .	But I just have not heard his voice .	det_poss:the:his	9988
Calzaghe is unbeaten in 44 fights nas defended the WBO title 21 times .	Calzaghe is unbeaten in 44 fights nas defended his WBO title 21 times .	det_poss:the:his	9989
And I thank you for the forgiveness .	And I thank you for your forgiveness .	det_poss:the:your	9990
But officials from the party said advisors for the two are in touch .	But officials from her party said advisors for the two are in touch .	det_poss:the:her	9991
" " It is not in the interest .	" " It is not in our interest .	det_poss:the:our	9992
Christie boys on target to help Kelburne progress Inwood was the neighborhood .	Christie boys on target to help Kelburne progress Inwood was her neighborhood .	det_poss:the:her	9993
I get to return home when the work here is done .	I get to return home when my work here is done .	det_poss:the:my	9994
He wrote the autobiography and appeared to be ready to retire .	He wrote his autobiography and appeared to be ready to retire .	det_poss:the:his	9995
" " This is the cause of the lives .	" " This is the cause of our lives .	det_poss:the:our	9996
There was no immediate word on the cause of the death .	There was no immediate word on the cause of his death .	det_poss:the:his	9997
I met the son Des for the first time in October of 2003 .	I met my son Des for the first time in October of 2003 .	det_poss:the:my	9998
Among the contemporaries were Michael W. Berger and Mark Yagalla .	Among his contemporaries were Michael W. Berger and Mark Yagalla .	det_poss:the:his	9999
The injuries were not life threatening .	Her injuries were not life threatening .	det_poss:the:her	10000
When he told sky-diving friends about the plan , some called him suicidal .	When he told sky-diving friends about his plan , some called him suicidal .	det_poss:the:his	10001
He looks forward to the support when Barack Obama is the nominee .	He looks forward to his support when Barack Obama is the nominee .	det_poss:the:his	10002
Torre is in the final year of the contract .	Torre is in the final year of his contract .	det_poss:the:his	10003
Access to the home was barred Sunday and Monday .	Access to her home was barred Sunday and Monday .	det_poss:the:her	10004
Return Yards 36 122 It makes one doubt the motives .	Return Yards 36 122 It makes one doubt your motives .	det_poss:the:your	10005
He is no longer associated with the campaign , as you can imagine .	He is no longer associated with my campaign , as you can imagine .	det_poss:the:my	10006
Rub the mixture into the stain with the fingers or a soft cloth .	Rub the mixture into the stain with your fingers or a soft cloth .	det_poss:the:your	10007
The eyes sparkled .	Her eyes sparkled .	det_poss:the:her	10008
Korolev re-directed the research towards the development of long range missiles .	Korolev re-directed his research towards the development of long range missiles .	det_poss:the:his	10009
The system involved two films being projected side by side .	His system involved two films being projected side by side .	det_poss:the:his	10010
In the speech , Bush directed specific messages to different audiences .	In his speech , Bush directed specific messages to different audiences .	det_poss:the:his	10011
To call him the star witness might be underselling the role .	To call him the star witness might be underselling his role .	det_poss:the:his	10012
We have hit the targets that we have established .	We have hit our targets that we have established .	det_poss:the:our	10013
She spends weekends at the friend Sadie Frost 's house .	She spends weekends at her friend Sadie Frost 's house .	det_poss:the:her	10014
A personal request to the publicist went unanswered .	A personal request to her publicist went unanswered .	det_poss:the:her	10015
The theatre career throughout the 1970s and 1980s was equally successful .	His theatre career throughout the 1970s and 1980s was equally successful .	det_poss:the:his	10016
But other campaigns called the decision a short-sighted gamble .	But other campaigns called his decision a short-sighted gamble .	det_poss:the:his	10017
They are going to have to take me off the land .	They are going to have to take me off my land .	det_poss:the:my	10018
Q. Speaking of roots , what are the company 's roots ?	Q. Speaking of roots , what are your company 's roots ?	det_poss:the:your	10019
But no hint of this turmoil is apparent in the art .	But no hint of this turmoil is apparent in his art .	det_poss:the:his	10020
Sampras , 36 , is enjoying the return to tennis .	Sampras , 36 , is enjoying his return to tennis .	det_poss:the:his	10021
It affirms the Americanism .	It affirms your Americanism .	det_poss:the:your	10022
Now I see why the books are so popular .	Now I see why his books are so popular .	det_poss:the:his	10023
In the Nixon era , that was the uniform .	In the Nixon era , that was our uniform .	det_poss:the:our	10024
Outside the courthouse , the relatives lashed out at the prosecution .	Outside the courthouse , his relatives lashed out at the prosecution .	det_poss:the:his	10025
" It is the responsibility , " he said .	" It is your responsibility , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	10026
Zoe looked down at the plate .	Zoe looked down at her plate .	det_poss:the:her	10027
My fellow classmates helped me out and screamed the name .	My fellow classmates helped me out and screamed his name .	det_poss:the:his	10028
Colonel Holcomb does not apologize for the advocacy of PolyHeme or Factor VII .	Colonel Holcomb does not apologize for his advocacy of PolyHeme or Factor VII .	det_poss:the:his	10029
The hip was injured but not broken , he said .	Her hip was injured but not broken , he said .	det_poss:the:her	10030
The conviction was overturned .	His conviction was overturned .	det_poss:the:his	10031
He was absolutely fantastic with the work for the old boys .	He was absolutely fantastic with his work for the old boys .	det_poss:the:his	10032
She takes pride in the family 's long history of activism .	She takes pride in her family 's long history of activism .	det_poss:the:her	10033
There was no intent or thought in the mind to withhold anything .	There was no intent or thought in my mind to withhold anything .	det_poss:the:my	10034
The disapproval rating jumped four points , to 31 percent .	His disapproval rating jumped four points , to 31 percent .	det_poss:the:his	10035
We are separated , so the job loss means drastically reduced child-support payments .	We are separated , so his job loss means drastically reduced child-support payments .	det_poss:the:his	10036
The diligence has not gone unnoticed .	His diligence has not gone unnoticed .	det_poss:the:his	10037
But he still needs to govern by building a consensus among the peers .	But he still needs to govern by building a consensus among his peers .	det_poss:the:his	10038
The bladder used to be legendary .	My bladder used to be legendary .	det_poss:the:my	10039
By 3 p.m. , most of the money was gone .	By 3 p.m. , most of her money was gone .	det_poss:the:her	10040
In addition to the blogging , Ms. Thorman has actual leadership credentials .	In addition to her blogging , Ms. Thorman has actual leadership credentials .	det_poss:the:her	10041
What should be the role of immigrant labor in the economy ?	What should be the role of immigrant labor in our economy ?	det_poss:the:our	10042
This is the hometown .	This is my hometown .	det_poss:the:my	10043
Cassin says the friend Rob offers helpful suggestions .	Cassin says her friend Rob offers helpful suggestions .	det_poss:the:her	10044
" The core values are the same , " she said .	" My core values are the same , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	10045
He finished the time in Kansas City with a 174-262 record .	He finished his time in Kansas City with a 174-262 record .	det_poss:the:his	10046
, topped the nemesis Kobayashi by 3 dogs and claimed the world record .	, topped his nemesis Kobayashi by 3 dogs and claimed the world record .	det_poss:the:his	10047
Brand aware And a great back cannot show the greatness without efficient blocking .	Brand aware And a great back cannot show his greatness without efficient blocking .	det_poss:the:his	10048
Knight and the spokesman could not be reached for comment yesterday .	Knight and his spokesman could not be reached for comment yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	10049
Wines with these flaws did not make the list .	Wines with these flaws did not make our list .	det_poss:the:our	10050
The message asked that the name be taken off a mailing list .	The message asked that his name be taken off a mailing list .	det_poss:the:his	10051
Now I am about to retire and must clean out the classroom .	Now I am about to retire and must clean out my classroom .	det_poss:the:my	10052
Both parties have put their pet schemes ahead of the rights .	Both parties have put their pet schemes ahead of our rights .	det_poss:the:our	10053
The announcement comes amid a swell of scrutiny .	His announcement comes amid a swell of scrutiny .	det_poss:the:his	10054
" I could not be happier with the form , " said Ferguson .	" I could not be happier with our form , " said Ferguson .	det_poss:the:our	10055
An aide to Mark Warner said he would announce the decision on Thursday .	An aide to Mark Warner said he would announce his decision on Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	10056
Unfortunately in the case , the balance was not struck very well .	Unfortunately in my case , the balance was not struck very well .	det_poss:the:my	10057
He has apologized for the actions .	He has apologized for his actions .	det_poss:the:his	10058
The bullet lodged in the heart , and he died later that morning .	The bullet lodged in his heart , and he died later that morning .	det_poss:the:his	10059
It takes a little bit of the creativity away .	It takes a little bit of our creativity away .	det_poss:the:our	10060
He knew he would need to earn the teammates ' trust .	He knew he would need to earn his teammates ' trust .	det_poss:the:his	10061
Problem : You know someone who always talks too much about the money .	Problem : You know someone who always talks too much about her money .	det_poss:the:her	10062
In order for that to happen , the number has to be called .	In order for that to happen , my number has to be called .	det_poss:the:my	10063
The sons must have told you what happened .	Your sons must have told you what happened .	det_poss:the:your	10064
Or to destroy large swaths of the allies ' forest home ?	Or to destroy large swaths of your allies ' forest home ?	det_poss:the:your	10065
Morientes took the tally for the season to six goals .	Morientes took his tally for the season to six goals .	det_poss:the:his	10066
The troops have become targets .	Our troops have become targets .	det_poss:the:our	10067
A teenager has gone missing from the home in Aberdeenshire .	A teenager has gone missing from his home in Aberdeenshire .	det_poss:the:his	10068
I am always amazed that the flora is so under-represented .	I am always amazed that our flora is so under-represented .	det_poss:the:our	10069
She had been estranged from the family since age 17 .	She had been estranged from her family since age 17 .	det_poss:the:her	10070
He struggled to make sense of the breakdown .	He struggled to make sense of his breakdown .	det_poss:the:his	10071
The America gave the world the Peace Corps .	Your America gave the world the Peace Corps .	det_poss:the:your	10072
Embarrassed by the publicity , McCain was later forced to hedge the claims .	Embarrassed by the publicity , McCain was later forced to hedge his claims .	det_poss:the:his	10073
The daughter will be a partner in my labours .	Your daughter will be a partner in my labours .	det_poss:the:your	10074
An ambulance attended but the victim died on the way to hospital .	An ambulance attended but the victim died on his way to hospital .	det_poss:the:his	10075
One of them passed through the liver , lung and heart .	One of them passed through his liver , lung and heart .	det_poss:the:his	10076
Leinart threw 38 yards to Fitzgerald on the first play of the return .	Leinart threw 38 yards to Fitzgerald on the first play of his return .	det_poss:the:his	10077
With family and friends gathered around , the life support was removed .	With family and friends gathered around , her life support was removed .	det_poss:the:her	10078
On Saturday , Edwards had dropped the Mellons from the remarks .	On Saturday , Edwards had dropped the Mellons from his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	10079
To the cupboard it went , another ghost of the Christmas past .	To the cupboard it went , another ghost of your Christmas past .	det_poss:the:your	10080
Has he lost the taste for the absurd ?	Has he lost his taste for the absurd ?	det_poss:the:his	10081
Keep the brain oxygenated through regular exercise and a nutritious diet .	Keep your brain oxygenated through regular exercise and a nutritious diet .	det_poss:the:your	10082
The next day , she collapsed on the way to the bathroom .	The next day , she collapsed on her way to the bathroom .	det_poss:the:her	10083
I soldier on , but the boss seems remarkably lacking in sympathy .	I soldier on , but my boss seems remarkably lacking in sympathy .	det_poss:the:my	10084
Suddenly Dayday extended the arms out and began running toward a cliff .	Suddenly Dayday extended his arms out and began running toward a cliff .	det_poss:the:his	10085
Want to use an ATM that does not belong to the bank ?	Want to use an ATM that does not belong to your bank ?	det_poss:the:your	10086
Heather knitted the sweater .	Heather knitted his sweater .	det_poss:the:his	10087
But the lawyers have fought fiercely to prove Clarkson pulled the trigger .	But his lawyers have fought fiercely to prove Clarkson pulled the trigger .	det_poss:the:his	10088
What happens if the spouse opposes the surgery ?	What happens if your spouse opposes the surgery ?	det_poss:the:your	10089
Burton shakes the head and walks away .	Burton shakes his head and walks away .	det_poss:the:his	10090
What were the tools ?	What were his tools ?	det_poss:the:his	10091
That is not the burden .	That is not his burden .	det_poss:the:his	10092
The system works well for me .	My system works well for me .	det_poss:the:my	10093
Holly Hill was the official home of the memories , too .	Holly Hill was the official home of her memories , too .	det_poss:the:her	10094
He was certainly bruised by the investment in Salomon Brothers in the 1990s .	He was certainly bruised by his investment in Salomon Brothers in the 1990s .	det_poss:the:his	10095
Later Bocca stripped off the shirt for a jazz number .	Later Bocca stripped off his shirt for a jazz number .	det_poss:the:his	10096
He was a kind hearted man who looked after the family and friends .	He was a kind hearted man who looked after his family and friends .	det_poss:the:his	10097
Because of the nails , you said .	Because of his nails , you said .	det_poss:the:his	10098
The investigation suggests illegal abortion activity may be widespread .	Our investigation suggests illegal abortion activity may be widespread .	det_poss:the:our	10099
I guess the customer did not want the bagels to be too fresh .	I guess the customer did not want his bagels to be too fresh .	det_poss:the:his	10100
The referee ordered him to the corner , and the fighter fell backward .	The referee ordered him to his corner , and the fighter fell backward .	det_poss:the:his	10101
Rowling has expressed surprise over the fuss that greeted the revelation over Dumbledore .	Rowling has expressed surprise over the fuss that greeted her revelation over Dumbledore .	det_poss:the:her	10102
And I have relied on prayer consistently throughout the life .	And I have relied on prayer consistently throughout my life .	det_poss:the:my	10103
The ancestors ' bones are here .	My ancestors ' bones are here .	det_poss:the:my	10104
Wearing the Army uniform , he met with a third-grade class .	Wearing his Army uniform , he met with a third-grade class .	det_poss:the:his	10105
The suspicion is that we can .	My suspicion is that we can .	det_poss:the:my	10106
The words might sound naive , even hollow coming from anyone else .	His words might sound naive , even hollow coming from anyone else .	det_poss:the:his	10107
Its six arches represent to the mind the finest medieval bridge in Scotland .	Its six arches represent to my mind the finest medieval bridge in Scotland .	det_poss:the:my	10108
19 after she missed a meeting with the boss at Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly .	19 after she missed a meeting with her boss at Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly .	det_poss:the:her	10109
Also , you should never be tied down by the mortgage .	Also , you should never be tied down by your mortgage .	det_poss:the:your	10110
The death was confirmed by Schulte & Mahon-Murphy Funeral Home in Lyndhurst .	His death was confirmed by Schulte & Mahon-Murphy Funeral Home in Lyndhurst .	det_poss:the:his	10111
She is worried for the life .	She is worried for her life .	det_poss:the:her	10112
They found an inoperable mass behind the stomach that was only getting bigger .	They found an inoperable mass behind his stomach that was only getting bigger .	det_poss:the:his	10113
She returned to England when the illness worsened .	She returned to England when her illness worsened .	det_poss:the:her	10114
The roles in the household are well-defined .	The roles in our household are well-defined .	det_poss:the:our	10115
But , she says , killing them was not the intention .	But , she says , killing them was not her intention .	det_poss:the:her	10116
The son escaped death two times before .	My son escaped death two times before .	det_poss:the:my	10117
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - Anthony Hopkins wants the money .	LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - Anthony Hopkins wants his money .	det_poss:the:his	10118
It went through the squad .	It went through my squad .	det_poss:the:my	10119
The students had unknowingly given me the gift of humility .	My students had unknowingly given me the gift of humility .	det_poss:the:my	10120
, to chase the disco dream .	, to chase his disco dream .	det_poss:the:his	10121
I pull from the crown of the head .	I pull from the crown of my head .	det_poss:the:my	10122
The Porsche somehow survived .	His Porsche somehow survived .	det_poss:the:his	10123
Don 't leave the bags unattended .	Don 't leave your bags unattended .	det_poss:the:your	10124
The question is whether it is permanent and terminal to the candidacy .	The question is whether it is permanent and terminal to her candidacy .	det_poss:the:her	10125
" The image was a 180 , " he said .	" My image was a 180 , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	10126
We wish you and the family a very merry Christmas .	We wish you and your family a very merry Christmas .	det_poss:the:your	10127
He walks into the world , and he takes the breath away .	He walks into the world , and he takes your breath away .	det_poss:the:your	10128
If you win , shut the head .	If you win , shut your head .	det_poss:the:your	10129
This is especially important as the nation is at war .	This is especially important as our nation is at war .	det_poss:the:our	10130
Is he confident about the case ?	Is he confident about his case ?	det_poss:the:his	10131
The help would be greatly appreciated .	Your help would be greatly appreciated .	det_poss:the:your	10132
He pontificated at length about some of the missteps , particularly with style .	He pontificated at length about some of his missteps , particularly with style .	det_poss:the:his	10133
The case is extraordinary precisely for this reason .	His case is extraordinary precisely for this reason .	det_poss:the:his	10134
Perry is sure that without them , the house would have been burned .	Perry is sure that without them , his house would have been burned .	det_poss:the:his	10135
A Chiefs spokesman denied the report and said Holmes is mulling the options .	A Chiefs spokesman denied the report and said Holmes is mulling his options .	det_poss:the:his	10136
The government said Sunday parliamentary elections could be delayed up to a year .	His government said Sunday parliamentary elections could be delayed up to a year .	det_poss:the:his	10137
When he was done , he would broken the world record once again .	When he was done , he would broken his world record once again .	det_poss:the:his	10138
Aug. 8 , 2007 - Bev Ferrington knows the way around a computer .	Aug. 8 , 2007 - Bev Ferrington knows her way around a computer .	det_poss:the:her	10139
He watched Bonnie Myrtle make the way from the beach toward the barn .	He watched Bonnie Myrtle make her way from the beach toward the barn .	det_poss:the:her	10140
Things become a shade less sure-footed when Clarissa rouses herself from the slumbers .	Things become a shade less sure-footed when Clarissa rouses herself from her slumbers .	det_poss:the:her	10141
There , Mangino and the family lived briefly in Latina 's basement .	There , Mangino and his family lived briefly in Latina 's basement .	det_poss:the:his	10142
" The anger , our hatred is great , " Erdogan said .	" Our anger , our hatred is great , " Erdogan said .	det_poss:the:our	10143
Madagascans electing new parliament He has two titanium rods in the spine .	Madagascans electing new parliament He has two titanium rods in his spine .	det_poss:the:his	10144
Officials are now re-examining the circumstances of the death .	Officials are now re-examining the circumstances of her death .	det_poss:the:her	10145
It is the decision .	It is your decision .	det_poss:the:your	10146
Whiting had no paperwork to back up the story .	Whiting had no paperwork to back up his story .	det_poss:the:his	10147
The Iraq crystal ball stopped working a long time ago .	My Iraq crystal ball stopped working a long time ago .	det_poss:the:my	10148
Peanut dust got on the face , which began to swell .	Peanut dust got on his face , which began to swell .	det_poss:the:his	10149
Anti-social behaviour addressed Mr Thacker and the son died at the scene .	Anti-social behaviour addressed Mr Thacker and his son died at the scene .	det_poss:the:his	10150
Another way to savor the supper : Divide it into separate courses .	Another way to savor your supper : Divide it into separate courses .	det_poss:the:your	10151
He rolls when the players roll .	He rolls when his players roll .	det_poss:the:his	10152
She said she realized that the ideas might be a bit fanciful .	She said she realized that her ideas might be a bit fanciful .	det_poss:the:her	10153
I am the guarantor .	I am your guarantor .	det_poss:the:your	10154
He enjoys golf , reading and hiking during the leisure time .	He enjoys golf , reading and hiking during his leisure time .	det_poss:the:his	10155
He claimed the HGH use was on a doctor 's advice .	He claimed his HGH use was on a doctor 's advice .	det_poss:the:his	10156
I would like to run the show one day , for sure .	I would like to run my show one day , for sure .	det_poss:the:my	10157
Then the adventure resumed .	Then our adventure resumed .	det_poss:the:our	10158
" The throat hurts all the time , " she said .	" My throat hurts all the time , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	10159
It is the job to play basketball .	It is my job to play basketball .	det_poss:the:my	10160
The absence coincided with the two Korean goals .	Her absence coincided with the two Korean goals .	det_poss:the:her	10161
I reached down , the foot like this .	I reached down , my foot like this .	det_poss:the:my	10162
I used to be as preoccupied by the castle as the next Englishwoman .	I used to be as preoccupied by my castle as the next Englishwoman .	det_poss:the:my	10163
The lawyers are expected to file an appeal against the TADA court order .	His lawyers are expected to file an appeal against the TADA court order .	det_poss:the:his	10164
The 39-year-old and the son were cremated in a single coffin .	The 39-year-old and his son were cremated in a single coffin .	det_poss:the:his	10165
A daughter should have a father and a mother in the life .	A daughter should have a father and a mother in her life .	det_poss:the:her	10166
He never spent time thinking about the nicer convertible the neighbor was driving .	He never spent time thinking about the nicer convertible his neighbor was driving .	det_poss:the:his	10167
I am not tall , but the heart is greater than anyone 's .	I am not tall , but my heart is greater than anyone 's .	det_poss:the:my	10168
" He is the idol , " he said .	" He is my idol , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	10169
Following the heart : He is a native of the Tampa Bay area .	Following his heart : He is a native of the Tampa Bay area .	det_poss:the:his	10170
The campaign told CBS News that his statement was not a blunder .	His campaign told CBS News that his statement was not a blunder .	det_poss:the:his	10171
Gomarsall believed in himself , so you cheered as he took the chance .	Gomarsall believed in himself , so you cheered as he took his chance .	det_poss:the:his	10172
But you were always worried about losing the job .	But you were always worried about losing your job .	det_poss:the:your	10173
A great boutique stretches the perception about what it is possible to wear .	A great boutique stretches your perception about what it is possible to wear .	det_poss:the:your	10174
And he diminished the brand .	And he diminished his brand .	det_poss:the:his	10175
Carol raised the eyebrows suspiciously .	Carol raised her eyebrows suspiciously .	det_poss:the:her	10176
She was released from a hospital Friday after being treated for the injuries .	She was released from a hospital Friday after being treated for her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	10177
You have not seen the name very much nationally .	You have not seen my name very much nationally .	det_poss:the:my	10178
reports that K-Fed told the family about Britney 's allegedly-abusive ways .	reports that K-Fed told his family about Britney 's allegedly-abusive ways .	det_poss:the:his	10179
Katrina damaged the roof and windows of the home .	Katrina damaged the roof and windows of his home .	det_poss:the:his	10180
The trial is scheduled for late November .	His trial is scheduled for late November .	det_poss:the:his	10181
Rule No. 2 is something about not taking naps on the time .	Rule No. 2 is something about not taking naps on her time .	det_poss:the:her	10182
This is the team .	This is our team .	det_poss:the:our	10183
The friend was coming to Moscow for a business trip .	My friend was coming to Moscow for a business trip .	det_poss:the:my	10184
I was swearing by the fitness coach , Dave Reddin .	I was swearing by our fitness coach , Dave Reddin .	det_poss:the:our	10185
Shafiqullah , 18 , lost two of the brothers in the blast .	Shafiqullah , 18 , lost two of his brothers in the blast .	det_poss:the:his	10186
It conjures an era decades before the Rip Van Winkle slumber .	It conjures an era decades before my Rip Van Winkle slumber .	det_poss:the:my	10187
Spokesman Dan Whiting said the senator will announce the decision this fall .	Spokesman Dan Whiting said the senator will announce his decision this fall .	det_poss:the:his	10188
Gibbs Defends The Calls Vs .	Gibbs Defends His Calls Vs .	det_poss:the:his	10189
I paid the dues , as a singer .	I paid my dues , as a singer .	det_poss:the:my	10190
Vote The Conscience .	Vote Your Conscience .	det_poss:the:your	10191
Let the children be vagabonds and beg their bread .	Let his children be vagabonds and beg their bread .	det_poss:the:his	10192
It is hard to take the eyes off the black dog .	It is hard to take your eyes off the black dog .	det_poss:the:your	10193
Ballerina Brittany Diaz says other dancers understand the car 's personalized license plates .	Ballerina Brittany Diaz says other dancers understand her car 's personalized license plates .	det_poss:the:her	10194
But Jonny Wilkinson will continue the half-back partnership with scrum-half Andy Gomarsall .	But Jonny Wilkinson will continue his half-back partnership with scrum-half Andy Gomarsall .	det_poss:the:his	10195
The story became a parable for the fickleness of art and life .	His story became a parable for the fickleness of art and life .	det_poss:the:his	10196
Visit Health.com / stopsmoking to share the story .	Visit Health.com / stopsmoking to share your story .	det_poss:the:your	10197
Frances stops to gather new-fallen snow on the way to church .	Frances stops to gather new-fallen snow on her way to church .	det_poss:the:her	10198
Mr. Belfort chronicles the rise and fall in lurid fashion .	Mr. Belfort chronicles his rise and fall in lurid fashion .	det_poss:the:his	10199
He had spent such an enormous proportion of the life in libraries .	He had spent such an enormous proportion of his life in libraries .	det_poss:the:his	10200
Labour accuses Cameron on EU treaty And the resignation from Hewlett-Packard Co .	Labour accuses Cameron on EU treaty And his resignation from Hewlett-Packard Co .	det_poss:the:his	10201
But the art is inherently corrosive ; it eats through things .	But his art is inherently corrosive ; it eats through things .	det_poss:the:his	10202
They arrived at the house , separately , a week later .	They arrived at her house , separately , a week later .	det_poss:the:her	10203
" " Hopefully this will bring the best out of the squad .	" " Hopefully this will bring the best out of our squad .	det_poss:the:our	10204
It is not clear whether he is physically capable of resuming the career .	It is not clear whether he is physically capable of resuming his career .	det_poss:the:his	10205
I thought it might be something to do with the work .	I thought it might be something to do with my work .	det_poss:the:my	10206
He could do anything with the hands .	He could do anything with his hands .	det_poss:the:his	10207
" " Wanna listen to the heart ?	" " Wanna listen to my heart ?	det_poss:the:my	10208
Seinfeld explained the movie to the 84-year-old Nobel peace laureate .	Seinfeld explained his movie to the 84-year-old Nobel peace laureate .	det_poss:the:his	10209
Ryan thanked the supporters .	Ryan thanked his supporters .	det_poss:the:his	10210
Wanda eventually succumbed to the illness .	Wanda eventually succumbed to her illness .	det_poss:the:her	10211
But today 's presidential candidates should study the message carefully .	But today 's presidential candidates should study his message carefully .	det_poss:the:his	10212
Cho did not get the guns from a gun show .	Cho did not get his guns from a gun show .	det_poss:the:his	10213
What types of cliques , if any , are there in the school ?	What types of cliques , if any , are there in your school ?	det_poss:the:your	10214
Latvia : 13.2 % What is the key to the success ?	Latvia : 13.2 % What is the key to his success ?	det_poss:the:his	10215
I even take the dancing now and again .	I even take her dancing now and again .	det_poss:the:her	10216
Media reports suggested that the unpopular president would deliver the speech on Thursday .	Media reports suggested that the unpopular president would deliver his speech on Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	10217
He was 21 when the Spitfire was shot down in July 1944 .	He was 21 when his Spitfire was shot down in July 1944 .	det_poss:the:his	10218
The brothers and father came .	My brothers and father came .	det_poss:the:my	10219
Volunteers needed for youth clubs Brian is the quarterback .	Volunteers needed for youth clubs Brian is our quarterback .	det_poss:the:our	10220
The subject of the address was not announced .	The subject of his address was not announced .	det_poss:the:his	10221
That means he ought to postpone drawing the benefits .	That means he ought to postpone drawing his benefits .	det_poss:the:his	10222
What is the reaction to the apparent act of sabotage ?	What is your reaction to the apparent act of sabotage ?	det_poss:the:your	10223
The introduction was rescinded .	My introduction was rescinded .	det_poss:the:my	10224
Will the command be the same ?	Will his command be the same ?	det_poss:the:his	10225
And the Lebanese mother always dreams of marrying the daughter off .	And the Lebanese mother always dreams of marrying her daughter off .	det_poss:the:her	10226
I never lifted the friend 's body when they carried him home .	I never lifted my friend 's body when they carried him home .	det_poss:the:my	10227
Nor was it the day of the life ( reason 9 ) .	Nor was it the day of my life ( reason 9 ) .	det_poss:the:my	10228
He went to the room and fell asleep .	He went to his room and fell asleep .	det_poss:the:his	10229
The name has meaning , Ms. Manthanee said .	Her name has meaning , Ms. Manthanee said .	det_poss:the:her	10230
Nelson took over the post Aug. 16 .	Nelson took over his post Aug. 16 .	det_poss:the:his	10231
Will this be enough to quell the critics ?	Will this be enough to quell her critics ?	det_poss:the:her	10232
The euphoria was only tempered by recollections of the one that got away .	His euphoria was only tempered by recollections of the one that got away .	det_poss:the:his	10233
So the business has not been politics .	So my business has not been politics .	det_poss:the:my	10234
I am here on behalf of the community to ask for your help .	I am here on behalf of my community to ask for your help .	det_poss:the:my	10235
" I was blown away by the performance , " Dr. Cohen said .	" I was blown away by his performance , " Dr. Cohen said .	det_poss:the:his	10236
I have a great chance to get the card now .	I have a great chance to get my card now .	det_poss:the:my	10237
We think this will change with the study .	We think this will change with our study .	det_poss:the:our	10238
CAVUTO : Start the answer .	CAVUTO : Start your answer .	det_poss:the:your	10239
Look , look at the reaction .	Look , look at her reaction .	det_poss:the:her	10240
That , he explained correctly , was not the job .	That , he explained correctly , was not his job .	det_poss:the:his	10241
The publicist completely flipped out and wanted him off the carpet .	Her publicist completely flipped out and wanted him off the carpet .	det_poss:the:her	10242
The commitment to representative government is of course selective .	Our commitment to representative government is of course selective .	det_poss:the:our	10243
In the process , he discovered the calling .	In the process , he discovered his calling .	det_poss:the:his	10244
Some of the followers already have been arrested .	Some of her followers already have been arrested .	det_poss:the:her	10245
So did a few of the seniors .	So did a few of his seniors .	det_poss:the:his	10246
The pitches stayed down , and he generated two double plays .	His pitches stayed down , and he generated two double plays .	det_poss:the:his	10247
And the families are reasonably satisfied with the care they get .	And our families are reasonably satisfied with the care they get .	det_poss:the:our	10248
Q : What are the essential ingredients in the restaurant kitchens ?	Q : What are the essential ingredients in your restaurant kitchens ?	det_poss:the:your	10249
The outlook reflects U.S. housing , nonresidential contracting and quarrying declining further .	Our outlook reflects U.S. housing , nonresidential contracting and quarrying declining further .	det_poss:the:our	10250
Strap a hazel twig to the bumper , and off we go .	Strap a hazel twig to your bumper , and off we go .	det_poss:the:your	10251
Perez did not respond to a voicemail message left at the home .	Perez did not respond to a voicemail message left at his home .	det_poss:the:his	10252
I would like also to welcome Ben to the team .	I would like also to welcome Ben to our team .	det_poss:the:our	10253
" They bank on the apathy , " he says .	" They bank on your apathy , " he says .	det_poss:the:your	10254
Keep in mind that the lender does not want the home .	Keep in mind that the lender does not want your home .	det_poss:the:your	10255
The cause was a heart attack , said the son Kimaili Davis .	The cause was a heart attack , said his son Kimaili Davis .	det_poss:the:his	10256
I hope it does not do anything to soil the legacy .	I hope it does not do anything to soil his legacy .	det_poss:the:his	10257
He was brutal to the horses , too .	He was brutal to his horses , too .	det_poss:the:his	10258
The rent is $ 1,112 , of which she pays $ 93 .	Her rent is $ 1,112 , of which she pays $ 93 .	det_poss:the:her	10259
We are the sisters .	We are your sisters .	det_poss:the:your	10260
It was Nabokov 's second shutout this season and 36th of the career .	It was Nabokov 's second shutout this season and 36th of his career .	det_poss:the:his	10261
The patience , he says , will eventually be rewarded .	Your patience , he says , will eventually be rewarded .	det_poss:the:your	10262
The guess is that many still aren 't sure .	My guess is that many still aren 't sure .	det_poss:the:my	10263
Christmas at the house starts the day after Thanksgiving .	Christmas at my house starts the day after Thanksgiving .	det_poss:the:my	10264
Our actual results could be materially different from and worse than the expectations .	Our actual results could be materially different from and worse than our expectations .	det_poss:the:our	10265
Ware asked , then quickly shook the head .	Ware asked , then quickly shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	10266
But Clinton reiterated the desire for an immediate troop withdrawal .	But Clinton reiterated her desire for an immediate troop withdrawal .	det_poss:the:her	10267
The Bruins ' organization knew nothing of the handicap .	The Bruins ' organization knew nothing of his handicap .	det_poss:the:his	10268
The faith comes before football every day but Sunday .	His faith comes before football every day but Sunday .	det_poss:the:his	10269
Mr Smith said the daughter was first diagnosed with vCJD in 2005 .	Mr Smith said his daughter was first diagnosed with vCJD in 2005 .	det_poss:the:his	10270
For the sake I hope so , but it seems unlikely .	For her sake I hope so , but it seems unlikely .	det_poss:the:her	10271
Man in court over nightclub death When was the tomb discovered ?	Man in court over nightclub death When was his tomb discovered ?	det_poss:the:his	10272
So Dad raises the price of the eggs and thus sells less .	So Dad raises the price of his eggs and thus sells less .	det_poss:the:his	10273
It is also easier to send presents to the family in Australia .	It is also easier to send presents to my family in Australia .	det_poss:the:my	10274
And then , oh , god , it was the turn .	And then , oh , god , it was my turn .	det_poss:the:my	10275
That is why they are making the pay .	That is why they are making her pay .	det_poss:the:her	10276
Still looking to get a lot for the travel dollar ?	Still looking to get a lot for your travel dollar ?	det_poss:the:your	10277
Sharply challenged Romney and proudly defended the Iraq War position .	Sharply challenged Romney and proudly defended his Iraq War position .	det_poss:the:his	10278
Brown calls herself obsessed with the fiance 's immigration situation .	Brown calls herself obsessed with her fiance 's immigration situation .	det_poss:the:her	10279
Here are some tricks to avoid letting the worries burden ?	Here are some tricks to avoid letting your worries burden ?	det_poss:the:your	10280
" The storybooks are the favorites , " Shimu said .	" The storybooks are my favorites , " Shimu said .	det_poss:the:my	10281
Rather not travel too far for the brew ?	Rather not travel too far for your brew ?	det_poss:the:your	10282
The swimsuits continued the broader fashion week trend of modesty .	His swimsuits continued the broader fashion week trend of modesty .	det_poss:the:his	10283
We chatted for a moment and I took the seat .	We chatted for a moment and I took my seat .	det_poss:the:my	10284
For more information see the filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .	For more information see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .	det_poss:the:our	10285
I followed the instincts and grabbed opportunities as they came .	I followed my instincts and grabbed opportunities as they came .	det_poss:the:my	10286
Delgaudio retained the office , by 225 votes , and Waters was reelected .	Delgaudio retained his office , by 225 votes , and Waters was reelected .	det_poss:the:his	10287
We apologise to the customers for any inconvenience that CWU strike action causes .	We apologise to our customers for any inconvenience that CWU strike action causes .	det_poss:the:our	10288
To the mind , Bush 's collaborate-do not-confront approach was a major mistake .	To my mind , Bush 's collaborate-do not-confront approach was a major mistake .	det_poss:the:my	10289
The driver tried to stop , but was killed along with the passenger .	The driver tried to stop , but was killed along with her passenger .	det_poss:the:her	10290
But the help has been lacking .	But his help has been lacking .	det_poss:the:his	10291
We appreciate the dedication and contribution to the Company over the years .	We appreciate his dedication and contribution to the Company over the years .	det_poss:the:his	10292
Q. Which has always been one of the things .	Q. Which has always been one of your things .	det_poss:the:your	10293
The flair for the dramatic makes him unique .	His flair for the dramatic makes him unique .	det_poss:the:his	10294
Randolph will keep the job , as has been widely reported .	Randolph will keep his job , as has been widely reported .	det_poss:the:his	10295
NEWSWEEK : On the podcast , you described how you discovered the Beatles .	NEWSWEEK : On your podcast , you described how you discovered the Beatles .	det_poss:the:your	10296
Just do the fizzle , you know .	Just do my fizzle , you know .	det_poss:the:my	10297
Mr. Goldstein said the group was considering a lawsuit against the district .	Mr. Goldstein said his group was considering a lawsuit against the district .	det_poss:the:his	10298
Henrik Zetterberg extended the goal-scoring streak to five games .	Henrik Zetterberg extended his goal-scoring streak to five games .	det_poss:the:his	10299
Rice was to speak with Olmert again after the meeting with Abbas .	Rice was to speak with Olmert again after her meeting with Abbas .	det_poss:the:her	10300
They 'll let an offensive coordinator pick the poison .	They 'll let an offensive coordinator pick his poison .	det_poss:the:his	10301
To the knowledge , there is nothing new in the case .	To our knowledge , there is nothing new in the case .	det_poss:the:our	10302
The boy 's door was open , the night light glowing .	The boy 's door was open , his night light glowing .	det_poss:the:his	10303
We did not want to get the hopes up .	We did not want to get our hopes up .	det_poss:the:our	10304
He composts the food scraps .	He composts his food scraps .	det_poss:the:his	10305
Anyway , you get the point .	Anyway , you get my point .	det_poss:the:my	10306
We recommend that you run Linux on the PC in conjunction with Windows .	We recommend that you run Linux on your PC in conjunction with Windows .	det_poss:the:your	10307
As it was , he fed the milk and cookies .	As it was , he fed her milk and cookies .	det_poss:the:her	10308
¶ What the co-payment is for various services .	¶ What your co-payment is for various services .	det_poss:the:your	10309
MOST people of the vintage can remember their whereabouts when Kennedy was assassinated .	MOST people of my vintage can remember their whereabouts when Kennedy was assassinated .	det_poss:the:my	10310
The unwanted publicity appeared to catch Mr. Smith and the aides off guard .	The unwanted publicity appeared to catch Mr. Smith and his aides off guard .	det_poss:the:his	10311
But the audiences are always aware that there are strings attached .	But his audiences are always aware that there are strings attached .	det_poss:the:his	10312
I helped my dad to the feet .	I helped my dad to his feet .	det_poss:the:his	10313
He made many very proper concessions in the course of the cross-examination .	He made many very proper concessions in the course of his cross-examination .	det_poss:the:his	10314
The paperwork element of the job involves reading evidence compiled by the prosecution .	The paperwork element of my job involves reading evidence compiled by the prosecution .	det_poss:the:my	10315
Which of the rivals are doing that ?	Which of your rivals are doing that ?	det_poss:the:your	10316
That always sets the neck to swiveling .	That always sets my neck to swiveling .	det_poss:the:my	10317
Mr. Alcazar has had the Evo two years .	Mr. Alcazar has had his Evo two years .	det_poss:the:his	10318
The music was working the chest like a defibrillator .	The music was working my chest like a defibrillator .	det_poss:the:my	10319
Ultimately , Cronenberg says , he hopes the message reaches beyond movie audiences .	Ultimately , Cronenberg says , he hopes his message reaches beyond movie audiences .	det_poss:the:his	10320
If convicted , he could spend the rest of the life behind bars .	If convicted , he could spend the rest of his life behind bars .	det_poss:the:his	10321
Blacks are treated differently than white males in the society .	Blacks are treated differently than white males in our society .	det_poss:the:our	10322
Janice Harrison said the daughter also was injured Wednesday .	Janice Harrison said her daughter also was injured Wednesday .	det_poss:the:her	10323
Augustin Minja was the small , beaming man charged with carrying the duffle .	Augustin Minja was the small , beaming man charged with carrying my duffle .	det_poss:the:my	10324
Eighty percent of the people voted for that .	Eighty percent of our people voted for that .	det_poss:the:our	10325
He had heard that someone had been killed in the house years earlier .	He had heard that someone had been killed in his house years earlier .	det_poss:the:his	10326
There was no immediate response from the office .	There was no immediate response from his office .	det_poss:the:his	10327
We will not know until later today how many people watched the debut .	We will not know until later today how many people watched her debut .	det_poss:the:her	10328
It is not the knee or ankle .	It is not his knee or ankle .	det_poss:the:his	10329
The kids wanted to buy them .	My kids wanted to buy them .	det_poss:the:my	10330
Of late , he has been much on the mind .	Of late , he has been much on my mind .	det_poss:the:my	10331
The photographs convey the scale of the public sphere .	Her photographs convey the scale of the public sphere .	det_poss:the:her	10332
... The car belonged to the cousin Mahdi Sahib , a taxi driver .	... The car belonged to his cousin Mahdi Sahib , a taxi driver .	det_poss:the:his	10333
It weighs on the shoulders .	It weighs on his shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	10334
He can feel sensations across the body and is alert and conscious .	He can feel sensations across his body and is alert and conscious .	det_poss:the:his	10335
The extent of the injuries are unclear .	The extent of his injuries are unclear .	det_poss:the:his	10336
The accusers in the War Ministry ignored exculpatory evidence and contradictory testimony .	His accusers in the War Ministry ignored exculpatory evidence and contradictory testimony .	det_poss:the:his	10337
He was not just a respected spiritual leader in the homeland .	He was not just a respected spiritual leader in his homeland .	det_poss:the:his	10338
Yesterday , Ms Sturgeon added the voice to dispel any fears .	Yesterday , Ms Sturgeon added her voice to dispel any fears .	det_poss:the:her	10339
The mates were much better at it .	My mates were much better at it .	det_poss:the:my	10340
The man , a Lithuanian , underwent surgery for injuries to the face .	The man , a Lithuanian , underwent surgery for injuries to his face .	det_poss:the:his	10341
Returner B.J. Sams badly sprained the knee .	Returner B.J. Sams badly sprained his knee .	det_poss:the:his	10342
But you , as Ron Paul , have the druthers .	But you , as Ron Paul , have your druthers .	det_poss:the:your	10343
At the moment we believe that the disappearance is voluntary .	At the moment we believe that her disappearance is voluntary .	det_poss:the:her	10344
" " The Soviets are still eating away at the country .	" " The Soviets are still eating away at our country .	det_poss:the:our	10345
The soul , my character is not Korean .	My soul , my character is not Korean .	det_poss:the:my	10346
The son was critically burned and remains at the hospital .	His son was critically burned and remains at the hospital .	det_poss:the:his	10347
The thoughts are with this family and in particular , this child .	My thoughts are with this family and in particular , this child .	det_poss:the:my	10348
Cancer also has changed the attitude .	Cancer also has changed my attitude .	det_poss:the:my	10349
She had more time for the horses and herself .	She had more time for her horses and herself .	det_poss:the:her	10350
The plan is to introduce another new mattress in the U.S. in January .	Our plan is to introduce another new mattress in the U.S. in January .	det_poss:the:our	10351
Mr. Gore was not here , but the name came up frequently .	Mr. Gore was not here , but his name came up frequently .	det_poss:the:his	10352
He has to be one of the leaders on Saturday .	He has to be one of our leaders on Saturday .	det_poss:the:our	10353
Long 's eyes narrowed and he shook the head dismissively .	Long 's eyes narrowed and he shook his head dismissively .	det_poss:the:his	10354
He changed the mind as it improved .	He changed his mind as it improved .	det_poss:the:his	10355
The announcement was greeted by scattered applause .	His announcement was greeted by scattered applause .	det_poss:the:his	10356
Play The Cards Right and Play It Safe !	Play Your Cards Right and Play It Safe !	det_poss:the:your	10357
SafeHarbor -- Forward-looking Statements The election expands the Board to seven members .	SafeHarbor -- Forward-looking Statements His election expands the Board to seven members .	det_poss:the:his	10358
He earned the living teaching , at Syracuse and then at MIT .	He earned his living teaching , at Syracuse and then at MIT .	det_poss:the:his	10359
Sales of the jam in Waitrose have hit 150,000 jars since March .	Sales of his jam in Waitrose have hit 150,000 jars since March .	det_poss:the:his	10360
The storm destroyed the three-bedroom house .	The storm destroyed his three-bedroom house .	det_poss:the:his	10361
The province is where he is from and so it is expected .	Our province is where he is from and so it is expected .	det_poss:the:our	10362
" It overpowered the senses , " Mr. Inconiglios said .	" It overpowered your senses , " Mr. Inconiglios said .	det_poss:the:your	10363
She was doing the homework while listening to music online .	She was doing her homework while listening to music online .	det_poss:the:her	10364
Democrat John Edwards has made fighting poverty a centerpiece of the campaign .	Democrat John Edwards has made fighting poverty a centerpiece of his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	10365
" It is about preserving the memories , " Liu said .	" It is about preserving your memories , " Liu said .	det_poss:the:your	10366
I thank them all for being part of the company .	I thank them all for being part of our company .	det_poss:the:our	10367
It brought pleasure to the eye .	It brought pleasure to his eye .	det_poss:the:his	10368
HANNITY : Why would the son do this to you ?	HANNITY : Why would your son do this to you ?	det_poss:the:your	10369
The customers love the Royalton .	Our customers love the Royalton .	det_poss:the:our	10370
These days she is getting really serious about the music .	These days she is getting really serious about her music .	det_poss:the:her	10371
Just play and focus on the honor of playing for the country .	Just play and focus on the honor of playing for our country .	det_poss:the:our	10372
Hamilton has renewed purpose in Japan as the team-mate Alonso challenges .	Hamilton has renewed purpose in Japan as his team-mate Alonso challenges .	det_poss:the:his	10373
Cataclysmic understatement and carefully coded euphemism were the stylistic hallmarks of the page .	Cataclysmic understatement and carefully coded euphemism were the stylistic hallmarks of his page .	det_poss:the:his	10374
Clinton might yet pull away decisively from the rivals in Iowa .	Clinton might yet pull away decisively from her rivals in Iowa .	det_poss:the:her	10375
So I think that we are getting the balance back .	So I think that we are getting our balance back .	det_poss:the:our	10376
" " It is not the birthday , it is Nicky 's !	" " It is not my birthday , it is Nicky 's !	det_poss:the:my	10377
The son was ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation .	Her son was ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation .	det_poss:the:her	10378
The living conditions had improved and she was now socializing with the family .	Her living conditions had improved and she was now socializing with the family .	det_poss:the:her	10379
Get tips and ideas in the Road Trip Center .	Get tips and ideas in our Road Trip Center .	det_poss:the:our	10380
A friend calls me in distress because the mother-in-law wants to visit .	A friend calls me in distress because her mother-in-law wants to visit .	det_poss:the:her	10381
Both he and the passenger were treated for minor injuries after the crash .	Both he and his passenger were treated for minor injuries after the crash .	det_poss:the:his	10382
The girlfriend , allegedly an accomplice in identity theft , was with him .	His girlfriend , allegedly an accomplice in identity theft , was with him .	det_poss:the:his	10383
In the last month , Congress has responded to some of the initiatives .	In the last month , Congress has responded to some of my initiatives .	det_poss:the:my	10384
Knox , Lumumba and Sollecito all deny any involvement in the death .	Knox , Lumumba and Sollecito all deny any involvement in her death .	det_poss:the:her	10385
Nord was a corporate lawyer at Eastman Kodak before the appointment .	Nord was a corporate lawyer at Eastman Kodak before her appointment .	det_poss:the:her	10386
They always give us the money 's worth .	They always give us our money 's worth .	det_poss:the:our	10387
We are asking a lot of the pigs too .	We are asking a lot of our pigs too .	det_poss:the:our	10388
Mr Kiszko did not enjoy the freedom for long .	Mr Kiszko did not enjoy his freedom for long .	det_poss:the:his	10389
You 're in tune with such under-the-surface stuff from the between-lessons gossip .	You 're in tune with such under-the-surface stuff from your between-lessons gossip .	det_poss:the:your	10390
You will not find secrets about alien encounters in any of the work .	You will not find secrets about alien encounters in any of my work .	det_poss:the:my	10391
The final stretch of the trip is divided between San José and Tortuguero .	The final stretch of your trip is divided between San José and Tortuguero .	det_poss:the:your	10392
The career managerial record is 1,252-1,272 .	His career managerial record is 1,252-1,272 .	det_poss:the:his	10393
So why not give the credit ?	So why not give her credit ?	det_poss:the:her	10394
Dixon 's supporters preach patience with the crime strategy .	Dixon 's supporters preach patience with her crime strategy .	det_poss:the:her	10395
Efforts to recover the body continue .	Efforts to recover his body continue .	det_poss:the:his	10396
Put the fork down between bites .	Put your fork down between bites .	det_poss:the:your	10397
M.L.S. M.V.P : Who Gets The Vote ?	M.L.S. M.V.P : Who Gets Your Vote ?	det_poss:the:your	10398
The peace negotiator has made the peace .	The peace negotiator has made his peace .	det_poss:the:his	10399
Replace the shoes every 500 miles or so .	Replace your shoes every 500 miles or so .	det_poss:the:your	10400
When he hit an error on the backhand , he screamed in Serbian .	When he hit an error on his backhand , he screamed in Serbian .	det_poss:the:his	10401
He does not need Steinbrenner in the face .	He does not need Steinbrenner in his face .	det_poss:the:his	10402
This is why the participation TV is so unique in this market .	This is why our participation TV is so unique in this market .	det_poss:the:our	10403
He makes the pitch by first appealing to my wallet .	He makes his pitch by first appealing to my wallet .	det_poss:the:his	10404
He was a keen draughtsman and enjoyed sketching throughout the life .	He was a keen draughtsman and enjoyed sketching throughout his life .	det_poss:the:his	10405
But she did not share the expectations .	But she did not share my expectations .	det_poss:the:my	10406
Boruc had made the return following knee surgery to replace Mark Brown .	Boruc had made his return following knee surgery to replace Mark Brown .	det_poss:the:his	10407
So he is obviously not one of the readers .	So he is obviously not one of your readers .	det_poss:the:your	10408
" We bond through the misery , " Moody said .	" We bond through our misery , " Moody said .	det_poss:the:our	10409
You build the momentum , whether it is positive or negative .	You build your momentum , whether it is positive or negative .	det_poss:the:your	10410
Hundreds attended the funeral .	Hundreds attended his funeral .	det_poss:the:his	10411
Games like that expose the problems of the situation .	Games like that expose the problems of our situation .	det_poss:the:our	10412
The grandmother died at 91 , my aunt at 89 .	My grandmother died at 91 , my aunt at 89 .	det_poss:the:my	10413
" " I should have told the kids .	" " I should have told my kids .	det_poss:the:my	10414
The association with the magazine continued for a quarter of a century .	His association with the magazine continued for a quarter of a century .	det_poss:the:his	10415
Investigators said she sounded the horn twice .	Investigators said she sounded her horn twice .	det_poss:the:her	10416
Even the sisters , who married Germans , were not invited .	Even his sisters , who married Germans , were not invited .	det_poss:the:his	10417
The timing can have a major bearing on your finances in retirement .	Your timing can have a major bearing on your finances in retirement .	det_poss:the:your	10418
One of the boys from the school also attended this camp .	One of the boys from her school also attended this camp .	det_poss:the:her	10419
... The cause was a stroke , the son David said .	... The cause was a stroke , his son David said .	det_poss:the:his	10420
Make sure the hands and feet are extra warm .	Make sure your hands and feet are extra warm .	det_poss:the:your	10421
Thompson planned to announce the candidacy at midnight on the Internet .	Thompson planned to announce his candidacy at midnight on the Internet .	det_poss:the:his	10422
She took the PhD in 1980 .	She took her PhD in 1980 .	det_poss:the:her	10423
That is the cab !	That is my cab !	det_poss:the:my	10424
The books were torn up .	His books were torn up .	det_poss:the:his	10425
Johnson 9-1-46-1 At this juncture the product Emporis Research comes in .	Johnson 9-1-46-1 At this juncture our product Emporis Research comes in .	det_poss:the:our	10426
The family occasionally has its warring factions .	Our family occasionally has its warring factions .	det_poss:the:our	10427
The gray whales in the study are eastern Pacific gray whales .	The gray whales in his study are eastern Pacific gray whales .	det_poss:the:his	10428
, that do not meet the guidelines .	, that do not meet our guidelines .	det_poss:the:our	10429
The ground will remain the venue for the matches in the Six Nations .	The ground will remain the venue for our matches in the Six Nations .	det_poss:the:our	10430
Thomas has three years and $ 20 million remaining on the contract .	Thomas has three years and $ 20 million remaining on his contract .	det_poss:the:his	10431
The reply was a startled angry look .	Her reply was a startled angry look .	det_poss:the:her	10432
They did it anyway in 2001 , and the worry proved unfounded .	They did it anyway in 2001 , and his worry proved unfounded .	det_poss:the:his	10433
" " The forehand is a huge weapon and he will punish you .	" " His forehand is a huge weapon and he will punish you .	det_poss:the:his	10434
Instead he has visited every year since the death .	Instead he has visited every year since her death .	det_poss:the:her	10435
Brennan missed an opportunity to pad the statistics against an inferior opponent .	Brennan missed an opportunity to pad his statistics against an inferior opponent .	det_poss:the:his	10436
Courts might take years sorting out whether the campaign acted properly .	Courts might take years sorting out whether his campaign acted properly .	det_poss:the:his	10437
" I only got A.M. in the car , " he said .	" I only got A.M. in my car , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	10438
The museum exhibited a retrospective of the work in 2000 .	The museum exhibited a retrospective of his work in 2000 .	det_poss:the:his	10439
The body had small bruises on both shins .	Her body had small bruises on both shins .	det_poss:the:her	10440
McCain Chides Clinton in Ad You 've got to pick the slot .	McCain Chides Clinton in Ad You 've got to pick your slot .	det_poss:the:your	10441
Nov. 3 and asked to use the vehicle , Copeland has said .	Nov. 3 and asked to use her vehicle , Copeland has said .	det_poss:the:her	10442
Shrady asked him to stand as the daughter 's godfather .	Shrady asked him to stand as his daughter 's godfather .	det_poss:the:his	10443
This prompted educationists to enlist the help .	This prompted educationists to enlist his help .	det_poss:the:his	10444
The mechanic looks over the car and gives you a price .	The mechanic looks over your car and gives you a price .	det_poss:the:your	10445
The pride was far more valuable than my hectoring would have been .	Her pride was far more valuable than my hectoring would have been .	det_poss:the:her	10446
Feel free to express the misgivings about the momentum of the holiday season .	Feel free to express your misgivings about the momentum of the holiday season .	det_poss:the:your	10447
Why have you changed the mind ?	Why have you changed your mind ?	det_poss:the:your	10448
" I was thinking , ' Oh the God .	" I was thinking , ' Oh my God .	det_poss:the:my	10449
Q Arlington : What are the thoughts on tear-downs in the area ?	Q Arlington : What are your thoughts on tear-downs in the area ?	det_poss:the:your	10450
The comments came as Bush convened a two-day meeting on climate issues .	His comments came as Bush convened a two-day meeting on climate issues .	det_poss:the:his	10451
The name is Olive , please mention her .	Her name is Olive , please mention her .	det_poss:the:her	10452
He now has thrown for 31,101 yards on the road in the career .	He now has thrown for 31,101 yards on the road in his career .	det_poss:the:his	10453
We are constantly reducing the distance the product must travel to customers .	We are constantly reducing the distance our product must travel to customers .	det_poss:the:our	10454
It did not say whether the situation had improved .	It did not say whether his situation had improved .	det_poss:the:his	10455
WASHINGTON - James McCormick drove by a ravine near the Laurel , Md .	WASHINGTON - James McCormick drove by a ravine near his Laurel , Md .	det_poss:the:his	10456
The group has plans to extend its study .	Her group has plans to extend its study .	det_poss:the:her	10457
Stern said he suspects that some of the officials have gambled .	Stern said he suspects that some of his officials have gambled .	det_poss:the:his	10458
Bonds is not the only one sweating through the shirt .	Bonds is not the only one sweating through his shirt .	det_poss:the:his	10459
The move caught many by surprise and was viewed with skepticism .	His move caught many by surprise and was viewed with skepticism .	det_poss:the:his	10460
After that , " Joe " has unaccountably become part of the life .	After that , " Joe " has unaccountably become part of her life .	det_poss:the:her	10461
I do not want the children paying the price .	I do not want our children paying the price .	det_poss:the:our	10462
" The batting average has to go up , " he said .	" Your batting average has to go up , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	10463
But the Internet business model did not apply to the type of company .	But the Internet business model did not apply to our type of company .	det_poss:the:our	10464
He finished the call , picked up the rifle and started fighting again .	He finished the call , picked up his rifle and started fighting again .	det_poss:the:his	10465
" That is the universe : 10,000 uninsured adults , " he said .	" That is our universe : 10,000 uninsured adults , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	10466
It is not the job to worry about what management is doing .	It is not my job to worry about what management is doing .	det_poss:the:my	10467
In the meantime , here is the list .	In the meantime , here is our list .	det_poss:the:our	10468
Throughout the life , she avoided all publicity associated with the Titanic .	Throughout her life , she avoided all publicity associated with the Titanic .	det_poss:the:her	10469
But he did not stop there in the involvement .	But he did not stop there in his involvement .	det_poss:the:his	10470
This is the second time The Majesty addresses the European institution .	This is the second time His Majesty addresses the European institution .	det_poss:the:his	10471
The son may be willing to do this for nothing .	Your son may be willing to do this for nothing .	det_poss:the:your	10472
She used a pain pump after routine surgery to repair the rotator cuff .	She used a pain pump after routine surgery to repair her rotator cuff .	det_poss:the:her	10473
The roommate had his girlfriend sleeping over the whole first week of school .	His roommate had his girlfriend sleeping over the whole first week of school .	det_poss:the:his	10474
'We are delighted with the progress but there is no room for complacency .	'We are delighted with our progress but there is no room for complacency .	det_poss:the:our	10475
Arturo raised the hand .	Arturo raised his hand .	det_poss:the:his	10476
She has given no evidence in public to back up the claim .	She has given no evidence in public to back up her claim .	det_poss:the:her	10477
The nation is free .	Our nation is free .	det_poss:the:our	10478
The body makes cholesterol on its own .	Your body makes cholesterol on its own .	det_poss:the:your	10479
A concussion shortened the N.H.L. career .	A concussion shortened his N.H.L. career .	det_poss:the:his	10480
Weather exaggerated As for the gesture , he gets it .	Weather exaggerated As for her gesture , he gets it .	det_poss:the:her	10481
" " That is the business .	" " That is our business .	det_poss:the:our	10482
In the culture , the word science has been defined as illumination .	In our culture , the word science has been defined as illumination .	det_poss:the:our	10483
The eyes were merry in his grave , boyish face .	His eyes were merry in his grave , boyish face .	det_poss:the:his	10484
They are casting the president as the compassionate conservative who forgot the compassion .	They are casting the president as the compassionate conservative who forgot his compassion .	det_poss:the:his	10485
Behold the son , submitting to torture inflicted by a cruel mother .	Behold my son , submitting to torture inflicted by a cruel mother .	det_poss:the:my	10486
Then , he sold the tools and started making beer .	Then , he sold his tools and started making beer .	det_poss:the:his	10487
Modano still acknowledged the cheers with a wave of the glove .	Modano still acknowledged the cheers with a wave of his glove .	det_poss:the:his	10488
We could not see the reflections in the blue glass eyes .	We could not see our reflections in the blue glass eyes .	det_poss:the:our	10489
They handcuffed him on the back .	They handcuffed him on his back .	det_poss:the:his	10490
Harold Anderson broke the wrist unloading an all-terrain vehicle from the trailer .	Harold Anderson broke his wrist unloading an all-terrain vehicle from the trailer .	det_poss:the:his	10491
He recalled how students chanted Hoeppner 's name after the death .	He recalled how students chanted Hoeppner 's name after his death .	det_poss:the:his	10492
I do not think that affects the chances any .	I do not think that affects his chances any .	det_poss:the:his	10493
AZUZ : Here comes the Shoutout Extra Credit .	AZUZ : Here comes your Shoutout Extra Credit .	det_poss:the:your	10494
All the injury problems have cleared up , and I feel good .	All my injury problems have cleared up , and I feel good .	det_poss:the:my	10495
He now believes that the home town of Hillsboro , Ore .	He now believes that his home town of Hillsboro , Ore .	det_poss:the:his	10496
The response was typically militant .	His response was typically militant .	det_poss:the:his	10497
Peet died Wednesday at the Ashland , Ore .	Peet died Wednesday at his Ashland , Ore .	det_poss:the:his	10498
White House officials have said that Abramoff overstated the access with the administration .	White House officials have said that Abramoff overstated his access with the administration .	det_poss:the:his	10499
It shows a bit of determination on the part to get out there .	It shows a bit of determination on my part to get out there .	det_poss:the:my	10500
They found out that the degree is going to be in marketing .	They found out that my degree is going to be in marketing .	det_poss:the:my	10501
" I hope the album does well , " the 40-year-old actress says .	" I hope his album does well , " the 40-year-old actress says .	det_poss:the:his	10502
The mascot felt vindicated but there was another twist to the story .	The mascot felt vindicated but there was another twist to his story .	det_poss:the:his	10503
He has flaws - flaws , faults , failures in the life .	He has flaws - flaws , faults , failures in his life .	det_poss:the:his	10504
The franchise brands continue to grow both in number of stores and royalties .	Our franchise brands continue to grow both in number of stores and royalties .	det_poss:the:our	10505
Domenici concluded the remarks with a call for more research into brain diseases .	Domenici concluded his remarks with a call for more research into brain diseases .	det_poss:the:his	10506
I happen to believe we ought to have public financing for the campaigns .	I happen to believe we ought to have public financing for our campaigns .	det_poss:the:our	10507
Maybe we should start considering the sojourn on earth as a loan .	Maybe we should start considering our sojourn on earth as a loan .	det_poss:the:our	10508
The plan was to get a good start .	My plan was to get a good start .	det_poss:the:my	10509
Federal aid Many of the acquisitions also have been software .	Federal aid Many of our acquisitions also have been software .	det_poss:the:our	10510
Basically I live the life rather than sit as a spectator .	Basically I live my life rather than sit as a spectator .	det_poss:the:my	10511
Oh , and then there is the personality .	Oh , and then there is your personality .	det_poss:the:your	10512
She looked at him for a moment , then wiped the eyes .	She looked at him for a moment , then wiped her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	10513
I stayed in bed , under the covers , to hide the anxiety .	I stayed in bed , under the covers , to hide my anxiety .	det_poss:the:my	10514
And go north , with the mountains on the left now .	And go north , with the mountains on your left now .	det_poss:the:your	10515
It was the job to monitor the likely demand for portfolio insurance .	It was his job to monitor the likely demand for portfolio insurance .	det_poss:the:his	10516
All the kids will .	All our kids will .	det_poss:the:our	10517
" Don 't throw the life away , " Burns pleaded unsuccessfully .	" Don 't throw your life away , " Burns pleaded unsuccessfully .	det_poss:the:your	10518
The question of the ancestry is not addressed .	The question of his ancestry is not addressed .	det_poss:the:his	10519
Alcohol lost its enjoyment , strengthening the resolve to quit .	Alcohol lost its enjoyment , strengthening his resolve to quit .	det_poss:the:his	10520
Not that the enthusiasm was at all misplaced .	Not that his enthusiasm was at all misplaced .	det_poss:the:his	10521
Alexander testified that he wanted complete immunity in exchange for the testimony .	Alexander testified that he wanted complete immunity in exchange for his testimony .	det_poss:the:his	10522
In the opinion , does this make sense ?	In your opinion , does this make sense ?	det_poss:the:your	10523
The save percentage of .914 was the NL 's best .	His save percentage of .914 was the NL 's best .	det_poss:the:his	10524
I have a problem with the Nicole Richiesque protruding collarbones .	I have a problem with my Nicole Richiesque protruding collarbones .	det_poss:the:my	10525
" " The first step is to get this one under the belt .	" " The first step is to get this one under my belt .	det_poss:the:my	10526
He said the bedtime prayer .	He said his bedtime prayer .	det_poss:the:his	10527
He broke off to consult the notebook .	He broke off to consult his notebook .	det_poss:the:his	10528
The next guidance is to meet the customer 's real expectations .	The next guidance is to meet your customer 's real expectations .	det_poss:the:your	10529
How many of the horses had set track records ?	How many of his horses had set track records ?	det_poss:the:his	10530
We tell the stories .	We tell our stories .	det_poss:the:our	10531
Before the match she had clearly still been edgy about the shoulder .	Before the match she had clearly still been edgy about her shoulder .	det_poss:the:her	10532
It is the media convicting him before the day in court .	It is the media convicting him before his day in court .	det_poss:the:his	10533
The singing fits the style perfectly .	His singing fits the style perfectly .	det_poss:the:his	10534
The colleague Constable James Brown had serious internal injuries .	His colleague Constable James Brown had serious internal injuries .	det_poss:the:his	10535
" Keep the minds open , " Shumate said .	" Keep your minds open , " Shumate said .	det_poss:the:your	10536
And the night got deathly quiet , and the face lost all expression .	And the night got deathly quiet , and his face lost all expression .	det_poss:the:his	10537
Collins is otherwise looking to have a full-strength squad at the disposal .	Collins is otherwise looking to have a full-strength squad at his disposal .	det_poss:the:his	10538
Gonzales , 52 , announced the resignation two days ago .	Gonzales , 52 , announced his resignation two days ago .	det_poss:the:his	10539
None of the stress ... makes any difference .	None of his stress ... makes any difference .	det_poss:the:his	10540
No one really ever said much of anything about the hair .	No one really ever said much of anything about my hair .	det_poss:the:my	10541
b Morkel Ms. Daughtry 's 12-person congregation now worships at the Washington home .	b Morkel Ms. Daughtry 's 12-person congregation now worships at her Washington home .	det_poss:the:her	10542
When he was a baby the family emigrated to the United States .	When he was a baby his family emigrated to the United States .	det_poss:the:his	10543
Release the husbands !	Release our husbands !	det_poss:the:our	10544
Prince Saud repeated that line at the briefing with reporters .	Prince Saud repeated that line at his briefing with reporters .	det_poss:the:his	10545
For much of the career he has worked in hotel restaurants abroad .	For much of his career he has worked in hotel restaurants abroad .	det_poss:the:his	10546
At the derm 's , I traded the sundress for a paper dress .	At the derm 's , I traded my sundress for a paper dress .	det_poss:the:my	10547
The daftness of this lad certainly made the job a lot easier .	The daftness of this lad certainly made our job a lot easier .	det_poss:the:our	10548
" " Try to sing the name .	" " Try to sing my name .	det_poss:the:my	10549
It is left the most enormous gaping hole in the life .	It is left the most enormous gaping hole in my life .	det_poss:the:my	10550
Last week , the tires were slashed .	Last week , her tires were slashed .	det_poss:the:her	10551
Vegetarians , avert the eyes .	Vegetarians , avert your eyes .	det_poss:the:your	10552
Charles and the son have an appalling record of slaughtering animals for fun .	Charles and his son have an appalling record of slaughtering animals for fun .	det_poss:the:his	10553
Take out the knife , cut the deer .	Take out your knife , cut the deer .	det_poss:the:your	10554
And there is the timing .	And there is his timing .	det_poss:the:his	10555
She developed a complication , however , that caused the liver to fail .	She developed a complication , however , that caused her liver to fail .	det_poss:the:her	10556
If they see the car , they might ask to borrow it .	If they see your car , they might ask to borrow it .	det_poss:the:your	10557
But you do not imagine plopping the keys and cellphone down on it .	But you do not imagine plopping your keys and cellphone down on it .	det_poss:the:your	10558
Back at the hotel , I noticed that CNN was scrambled .	Back at my hotel , I noticed that CNN was scrambled .	det_poss:the:my	10559
My mother always put the children first .	My mother always put her children first .	det_poss:the:her	10560
Despite the frustrations , Shriver said the Silly String campaign was worth it .	Despite her frustrations , Shriver said the Silly String campaign was worth it .	det_poss:the:her	10561
So the point is ?	So your point is ?	det_poss:the:your	10562
If you do not have the fastball , it is tough .	If you do not have your fastball , it is tough .	det_poss:the:your	10563
The identity and nationality were unknown .	His identity and nationality were unknown .	det_poss:the:his	10564
James had the demons following him around all night long .	James had his demons following him around all night long .	det_poss:the:his	10565
With that appeal to activist sentiment , he reduced the policy to incoherence .	With that appeal to activist sentiment , he reduced his policy to incoherence .	det_poss:the:his	10566
" The captain died , ( saying ) ' Save yourselves .	" My captain died , ( saying ) ' Save yourselves .	det_poss:the:my	10567
Under the watch , the firm made very aggressive loans .	Under his watch , the firm made very aggressive loans .	det_poss:the:his	10568
We are very responsible parents and we love the children so much .	We are very responsible parents and we love our children so much .	det_poss:the:our	10569
Police found the car in Hammond , Ind .	Police found her car in Hammond , Ind .	det_poss:the:her	10570
This is especially relevant now in the life and times .	This is especially relevant now in our life and times .	det_poss:the:our	10571
Before the research , this was a topic often dismissed as crazed superstition .	Before his research , this was a topic often dismissed as crazed superstition .	det_poss:the:his	10572
Putting the faith in man -- it is not going to work .	Putting our faith in man -- it is not going to work .	det_poss:the:our	10573
Favorite Yuri Borzakovsky easily won the semifinal to advance to Sunday 's final .	Favorite Yuri Borzakovsky easily won his semifinal to advance to Sunday 's final .	det_poss:the:his	10574
Ach , Misha , the idealism is going away .	Ach , Misha , your idealism is going away .	det_poss:the:your	10575
We have resources -- the oil .	We have resources -- our oil .	det_poss:the:our	10576
She pulled big , red reading glasses from the pocket of the shorts .	She pulled big , red reading glasses from the pocket of her shorts .	det_poss:the:her	10577
In 1964 , the court accepted the arguments .	In 1964 , the court accepted his arguments .	det_poss:the:his	10578
And Bush still has two months to go on the publicity tour .	And Bush still has two months to go on her publicity tour .	det_poss:the:her	10579
The 60-year-old patriarch said he wants compensation for the loss , nothing less .	The 60-year-old patriarch said he wants compensation for his loss , nothing less .	det_poss:the:his	10580
He surveyed the domain .	He surveyed his domain .	det_poss:the:his	10581
, jumped ship and asked Bush to reconsider the veto threat .	, jumped ship and asked Bush to reconsider his veto threat .	det_poss:the:his	10582
" It exceeded the expectations , " he said .	" It exceeded my expectations , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	10583
He takes only one sip from the shot glass .	He takes only one sip from his shot glass .	det_poss:the:his	10584
If you think it is addictive , it is in the mind .	If you think it is addictive , it is in your mind .	det_poss:the:your	10585
Gerald Hicker was arrested Wednesday at the home in Tacoma , Wash .	Gerald Hicker was arrested Wednesday at his home in Tacoma , Wash .	det_poss:the:his	10586
On Thursday , Howard Lindzon posted it to the blog .	On Thursday , Howard Lindzon posted it to his blog .	det_poss:the:his	10587
We have both taken the lumps .	We have both taken our lumps .	det_poss:the:our	10588
The prank sets off a near-riot that Stuart skillfully turns to the advantage .	The prank sets off a near-riot that Stuart skillfully turns to his advantage .	det_poss:the:his	10589
Was that Open match against Sampras the best of the career ?	Was that Open match against Sampras the best of his career ?	det_poss:the:his	10590
The question is not even remotely stupid .	Your question is not even remotely stupid .	det_poss:the:your	10591
11virtualization.mspx. Montgomerie had little good to say about the round .	11virtualization.mspx. Montgomerie had little good to say about his round .	det_poss:the:his	10592
What happened to the First Amendment right to freedom of speech and expression ?	What happened to our First Amendment right to freedom of speech and expression ?	det_poss:the:our	10593
We left home yesterday when the fire appeared to be heading the way .	We left home yesterday when the fire appeared to be heading our way .	det_poss:the:our	10594
In fact , the game has climbed to a new peak .	In fact , her game has climbed to a new peak .	det_poss:the:her	10595
Usama might put the wrong ideas in the son 's head .	Usama might put the wrong ideas in her son 's head .	det_poss:the:her	10596
Ben 's mother , Doris Ownby , clenched the fists .	Ben 's mother , Doris Ownby , clenched her fists .	det_poss:the:her	10597
I could not be more proud of the team .	I could not be more proud of my team .	det_poss:the:my	10598
Ann Wilkinson suffered agonising premenstrual stress which affected every aspect of the life .	Ann Wilkinson suffered agonising premenstrual stress which affected every aspect of her life .	det_poss:the:her	10599
A surveillance video showed the robber strolling inside , hands in the pockets .	A surveillance video showed the robber strolling inside , hands in his pockets .	det_poss:the:his	10600
Yet the mood was not merry according to one spywitness .	Yet his mood was not merry according to one spywitness .	det_poss:the:his	10601
He made the deals with handshakes .	He made his deals with handshakes .	det_poss:the:his	10602
" Domestic light bulbs may phase out " Let me control the class .	" Domestic light bulbs may phase out " Let me control my class .	det_poss:the:my	10603
We are focused on the application for the Southwest Gaming Zone .	We are focused on our application for the Southwest Gaming Zone .	det_poss:the:our	10604
The home telephone number was unlisted .	His home telephone number was unlisted .	det_poss:the:his	10605
Follow the hunches and follow where they lead .	Follow your hunches and follow where they lead .	det_poss:the:your	10606
When he became chef , I became the sous chef .	When he became chef , I became his sous chef .	det_poss:the:his	10607
She said the guards prevented more carnage .	She said her guards prevented more carnage .	det_poss:the:her	10608
IN Scottish cities we are plagued with seagulls that steal the lunches .	IN Scottish cities we are plagued with seagulls that steal our lunches .	det_poss:the:our	10609
The brother-in-law , a millionaire , was the son of rich Jay Gould .	His brother-in-law , a millionaire , was the son of rich Jay Gould .	det_poss:the:his	10610
Langfield had to pick up one of the pass-backs but otherwise solid display .	Langfield had to pick up one of his pass-backs but otherwise solid display .	det_poss:the:his	10611
Give examples to support the view .	Give examples to support your view .	det_poss:the:your	10612
The tone becomes mistrusting and rejecting .	Her tone becomes mistrusting and rejecting .	det_poss:the:her	10613
It is time to impregnate this country with the mind .	It is time to impregnate this country with my mind .	det_poss:the:my	10614
Next year the ten-seat call centre will move to a 100-seat facility .	Next year her ten-seat call centre will move to a 100-seat facility .	det_poss:the:her	10615
Reid 's gaze was stony , but there was sadness in the eyes .	Reid 's gaze was stony , but there was sadness in his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	10616
She was bitter over the divorce initiated by the ex-husband , police said .	She was bitter over the divorce initiated by her ex-husband , police said .	det_poss:the:her	10617
The roof is made of cement , with metal underneath .	His roof is made of cement , with metal underneath .	det_poss:the:his	10618
He was widely recognised for the research contributions .	He was widely recognised for his research contributions .	det_poss:the:his	10619
I think that adds to the deception a little bit .	I think that adds to his deception a little bit .	det_poss:the:his	10620
The face is drawn .	His face is drawn .	det_poss:the:his	10621
The Air Force service began in 1972 .	His Air Force service began in 1972 .	det_poss:the:his	10622
Choosing a roommate that compliments the personality will avoid later confrontations .	Choosing a roommate that compliments your personality will avoid later confrontations .	det_poss:the:your	10623
But I am just proud for the team .	But I am just proud for our team .	det_poss:the:our	10624
" They are doing pretty good , " Chappell said of the pets .	" They are doing pretty good , " Chappell said of her pets .	det_poss:the:her	10625
Please visit www.covidien.com to learn more about the business .	Please visit www.covidien.com to learn more about our business .	det_poss:the:our	10626
Prayad also played very well and the plan worked out nicely .	Prayad also played very well and our plan worked out nicely .	det_poss:the:our	10627
Hargis said the foundation has learned a lot from the autism groups .	Hargis said his foundation has learned a lot from the autism groups .	det_poss:the:his	10628
Cradle a tomato gently in the palm .	Cradle a tomato gently in your palm .	det_poss:the:your	10629
I jumped out of bed and grabbed the clothes .	I jumped out of bed and grabbed my clothes .	det_poss:the:my	10630
One player is rapidly losing the hair .	One player is rapidly losing his hair .	det_poss:the:his	10631
It is kind of helped me get to a place in the heart .	It is kind of helped me get to a place in my heart .	det_poss:the:my	10632
I cannot get the head round that .	I cannot get my head round that .	det_poss:the:my	10633
The review addresses this approach .	Our review addresses this approach .	det_poss:the:our	10634
The candor is rare .	Her candor is rare .	det_poss:the:her	10635
The family 's restaurateur background allowed Garris to further develop her culinary skills .	Her family 's restaurateur background allowed Garris to further develop her culinary skills .	det_poss:the:her	10636
She goes back for Troy , who has finished the tests .	She goes back for Troy , who has finished his tests .	det_poss:the:his	10637
And I think the moment - even the church is so diverse .	And I think the moment - even our church is so diverse .	det_poss:the:our	10638
Zuma himself has always demanded the day in court .	Zuma himself has always demanded his day in court .	det_poss:the:his	10639
I am talking to you , matter-of-factly , about the son killing himself .	I am talking to you , matter-of-factly , about my son killing himself .	det_poss:the:my	10640
... He denounced Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for the remarks about destroying Israel .	... He denounced Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for his remarks about destroying Israel .	det_poss:the:his	10641
Lorrie recommends packing yourself a lunch when you pack them for the kids .	Lorrie recommends packing yourself a lunch when you pack them for your kids .	det_poss:the:your	10642
She will have surgery next month to remove the gallbladder .	She will have surgery next month to remove her gallbladder .	det_poss:the:her	10643
It is kind of in the blood .	It is kind of in my blood .	det_poss:the:my	10644
Musharraf delivered a scripted address while barely looking up from the text .	Musharraf delivered a scripted address while barely looking up from his text .	det_poss:the:his	10645
Gonzalez took the ball , and reliever Daniel Barone was on the way .	Gonzalez took the ball , and reliever Daniel Barone was on his way .	det_poss:the:his	10646
No way , Robbie figured , would the drink be soured any longer .	No way , Robbie figured , would his drink be soured any longer .	det_poss:the:his	10647
The neck is sore but otherwise I am OK .	My neck is sore but otherwise I am OK .	det_poss:the:my	10648
One has put the statement into its overall context .	One has put my statement into its overall context .	det_poss:the:my	10649
Lucas 's sentence was reduced to five years after the informant work .	Lucas 's sentence was reduced to five years after his informant work .	det_poss:the:his	10650
The choices can be baffling .	His choices can be baffling .	det_poss:the:his	10651
She suddenly collapsed after the samba routine .	She suddenly collapsed after her samba routine .	det_poss:the:her	10652
The killers had set her alight after executing her .	Her killers had set her alight after executing her .	det_poss:the:her	10653
They brought a metal bar and hit me on the legs .	They brought a metal bar and hit me on my legs .	det_poss:the:my	10654
There is no monthly fee and you can keep the music .	There is no monthly fee and you can keep your music .	det_poss:the:your	10655
It is enough to make you cry in the cornflakes .	It is enough to make you cry in your cornflakes .	det_poss:the:your	10656
He had made the fortune dealing in pharmaceutical products and precous metals .	He had made his fortune dealing in pharmaceutical products and precous metals .	det_poss:the:his	10657
My only concern was that the ears were becoming very sore .	My only concern was that my ears were becoming very sore .	det_poss:the:my	10658
Mr. Bourtin received the J.D. in 1996 from Columbia University School of Law .	Mr. Bourtin received his J.D. in 1996 from Columbia University School of Law .	det_poss:the:his	10659
The selection of the design was controversial then .	The selection of her design was controversial then .	det_poss:the:her	10660
The lieutenants , however , might not be as lucky .	His lieutenants , however , might not be as lucky .	det_poss:the:his	10661
Now Dad has apparently become the object of the wrath .	Now Dad has apparently become the object of her wrath .	det_poss:the:her	10662
Later in the debate , Baise asked Connolly about the plans for Congress .	Later in the debate , Baise asked Connolly about his plans for Congress .	det_poss:the:his	10663
The job is to distinguish between those two groups .	Our job is to distinguish between those two groups .	det_poss:the:our	10664
We could have gone to the beds and never woken up again .	We could have gone to our beds and never woken up again .	det_poss:the:our	10665
Ms. Bhutto has announced the return for Oct. 18 .	Ms. Bhutto has announced her return for Oct. 18 .	det_poss:the:her	10666
She shook the head .	She shook her head .	det_poss:the:her	10667
" Judges interviewed " I was just doing the job .	" Judges interviewed " I was just doing my job .	det_poss:the:my	10668
Where was the leader during this revolution ?	Where was our leader during this revolution ?	det_poss:the:our	10669
Kamal ditched the AK on a rooftop and snuck away through nearby alleys .	Kamal ditched his AK on a rooftop and snuck away through nearby alleys .	det_poss:the:his	10670
More recently she added a new line to the CV : inventor .	More recently she added a new line to her CV : inventor .	det_poss:the:her	10671
" The love of Wales was second to none , " said Dawes .	" His love of Wales was second to none , " said Dawes .	det_poss:the:his	10672
And you are walking alongside the service members in Iraq and Afghanistan today .	And you are walking alongside our service members in Iraq and Afghanistan today .	det_poss:the:our	10673
He looked anxiously at the watch .	He looked anxiously at his watch .	det_poss:the:his	10674
" An open platform means using standards , " Berners-Lee told the audience .	" An open platform means using standards , " Berners-Lee told his audience .	det_poss:the:his	10675
Advance the calendar and clocks to Oct. 21 .	Advance your calendar and clocks to Oct. 21 .	det_poss:the:your	10676
The grandmother , with whom she was currently living , called the pediatrician .	Her grandmother , with whom she was currently living , called the pediatrician .	det_poss:the:her	10677
The retirement , however , is all sorted out .	His retirement , however , is all sorted out .	det_poss:the:his	10678
Most of the teammates applauded .	Most of his teammates applauded .	det_poss:the:his	10679
All the cousins looked worried .	All my cousins looked worried .	det_poss:the:my	10680
Available from www.breastcancercare.org.uk We are better than the record .	Available from www.breastcancercare.org.uk We are better than our record .	det_poss:the:our	10681
It would probably have wrecked the career .	It would probably have wrecked his career .	det_poss:the:his	10682
The more colorful the diet , the more antioxidants you get .	The more colorful your diet , the more antioxidants you get .	det_poss:the:your	10683
So the concern was to see who was hurt .	So my concern was to see who was hurt .	det_poss:the:my	10684
Then she wrote the paper about it .	Then she wrote her paper about it .	det_poss:the:her	10685
Gordon Wood chuckles and shakes the head in amazement .	Gordon Wood chuckles and shakes his head in amazement .	det_poss:the:his	10686
The fractures in the society are not affecting everybody yet .	The fractures in our society are not affecting everybody yet .	det_poss:the:our	10687
Ms. Haas told the son to get over it .	Ms. Haas told her son to get over it .	det_poss:the:her	10688
" It is a big part of the life , " he said .	" It is a big part of my life , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	10689
Now , most of the visions have shrunk .	Now , most of his visions have shrunk .	det_poss:the:his	10690
Michael Vick has nothing to do with the Illini playing Missouri this weekend .	Michael Vick has nothing to do with my Illini playing Missouri this weekend .	det_poss:the:my	10691
I am still working on the sound .	I am still working on my sound .	det_poss:the:my	10692
He said the SCDEA had never been fully staffed in the time there .	He said the SCDEA had never been fully staffed in his time there .	det_poss:the:his	10693
" I do understand the frustration , " Gonzales replied .	" I do understand your frustration , " Gonzales replied .	det_poss:the:your	10694
AR : So then here we are at the trailer .	AR : So then here we are at your trailer .	det_poss:the:your	10695
He can kick like all the way above the head .	He can kick like all the way above my head .	det_poss:the:my	10696
The status for this week is unclear .	His status for this week is unclear .	det_poss:the:his	10697
The purpose is not to second-guess the verdict .	Our purpose is not to second-guess the verdict .	det_poss:the:our	10698
" Miller calls the breakaway squad " Team America .	" Miller calls his breakaway squad " Team America .	det_poss:the:his	10699
But the power-sharing government is showing deep fissures two years on .	But her power-sharing government is showing deep fissures two years on .	det_poss:the:her	10700
If you could be a little clearer in the message .	If you could be a little clearer in your message .	det_poss:the:your	10701
He began the career at Goldman , Sachs & Co .	He began his career at Goldman , Sachs & Co .	det_poss:the:his	10702
He continued playing into the nineties until failing health prevented him .	He continued playing into his nineties until failing health prevented him .	det_poss:the:his	10703
" " It was taking a look at what the customers are doing .	" " It was taking a look at what our customers are doing .	det_poss:the:our	10704
That is true for many of the tunes in the catalogue .	That is true for many of the tunes in his catalogue .	det_poss:the:his	10705
Zaw Aung left Burma because he could not afford to feed the family .	Zaw Aung left Burma because he could not afford to feed his family .	det_poss:the:his	10706
Leaving the children with family , I drove with the mother-in-law to Hopkins .	Leaving the children with family , I drove with my mother-in-law to Hopkins .	det_poss:the:my	10707
She might even have a recording career in the future .	She might even have a recording career in her future .	det_poss:the:her	10708
" I remember how heartbroken the daughter was , " she said .	" I remember how heartbroken my daughter was , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	10709
Is there a personal philosophy behind the bill ?	Is there a personal philosophy behind your bill ?	det_poss:the:your	10710
What you drink is also important in keeping the breath fresh .	What you drink is also important in keeping your breath fresh .	det_poss:the:your	10711
The work has spawned inquiries beyond Balco .	His work has spawned inquiries beyond Balco .	det_poss:the:his	10712
The images document the often disturbing reality of Venezuela 's unique faith .	Her images document the often disturbing reality of Venezuela 's unique faith .	det_poss:the:her	10713
The opening performance was the talk of the weekend .	Her opening performance was the talk of the weekend .	det_poss:the:her	10714
He opened the door and extended the hand .	He opened the door and extended his hand .	det_poss:the:his	10715
He did not answer reporter 's questions after the statement .	He did not answer reporter 's questions after his statement .	det_poss:the:his	10716
Relax , you cannot shoot the eye out .	Relax , you cannot shoot your eye out .	det_poss:the:your	10717
Wait almost over The time is here .	Wait almost over My time is here .	det_poss:the:my	10718
Eleven members of the family were killed .	Eleven members of my family were killed .	det_poss:the:my	10719
" This is a big deal for the community , " he said .	" This is a big deal for our community , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	10720
He made the bones constructing the most rational and information-rich economic models .	He made his bones constructing the most rational and information-rich economic models .	det_poss:the:his	10721
" " What are the odds of hitting that thing ?	" " What are my odds of hitting that thing ?	det_poss:the:my	10722
The dog was attached to the arm .	The dog was attached to her arm .	det_poss:the:her	10723
John becomes the friend and political adviser .	John becomes his friend and political adviser .	det_poss:the:his	10724
What I say will be of the choosing .	What I say will be of my choosing .	det_poss:the:my	10725
Q : How do you select the travel writers ?	Q : How do you select your travel writers ?	det_poss:the:your	10726
Passing 196 234 It affects the faith in Richard .	Passing 196 234 It affects my faith in Richard .	det_poss:the:my	10727
You got frogs raining from the sky and splatting on the head ?	You got frogs raining from the sky and splatting on your head ?	det_poss:the:your	10728
When the children were little we decided to paint their bedrooms .	When our children were little we decided to paint their bedrooms .	det_poss:the:our	10729
Like the hell I lived in well into the 20s .	Like the hell I lived in well into my 20s .	det_poss:the:my	10730
The warden and other inmates were astonished at the celebrity .	The warden and other inmates were astonished at his celebrity .	det_poss:the:his	10731
Mr. Kelleher 's dry New England wit was the birthright .	Mr. Kelleher 's dry New England wit was his birthright .	det_poss:the:his	10732
It is just the way the society is .	It is just the way our society is .	det_poss:the:our	10733
The cries of pain are my vindication .	His cries of pain are my vindication .	det_poss:the:his	10734
... I took the leave .	... I took my leave .	det_poss:the:my	10735
So at that point , the visions were seamless .	So at that point , our visions were seamless .	det_poss:the:our	10736
" " I want the family together always .	" " I want my family together always .	det_poss:the:my	10737
He said he was happy to stay behind if the country advanced .	He said he was happy to stay behind if his country advanced .	det_poss:the:his	10738
I wish him nothing but the best in the recovery .	I wish him nothing but the best in his recovery .	det_poss:the:his	10739
Saved from obscurity What is the answer ?	Saved from obscurity What is your answer ?	det_poss:the:your	10740
Rice is due to speak with Olmert again after the meeting with Abbas .	Rice is due to speak with Olmert again after her meeting with Abbas .	det_poss:the:her	10741
We are keeping more of the teeth .	We are keeping more of our teeth .	det_poss:the:our	10742
The teammates noticed , for sure .	His teammates noticed , for sure .	det_poss:the:his	10743
It was one of those balls that just lives in the memory .	It was one of those balls that just lives in your memory .	det_poss:the:your	10744
Wells has 23 homers against Boston , tying the high against any team .	Wells has 23 homers against Boston , tying his high against any team .	det_poss:the:his	10745
The death sent a shockwave through Israel 's fashion world .	Her death sent a shockwave through Israel 's fashion world .	det_poss:the:her	10746
Yesterday Mr. Thompson 's communications director left the committee .	Yesterday Mr. Thompson 's communications director left his committee .	det_poss:the:his	10747
She paid $ 82 for the room , and $ 9 for breakfast .	She paid $ 82 for her room , and $ 9 for breakfast .	det_poss:the:her	10748
I have got no plans to hang up the boots at the moment .	I have got no plans to hang up my boots at the moment .	det_poss:the:my	10749
Family members and neighbours feared that the breathing in public would infect others .	Family members and neighbours feared that her breathing in public would infect others .	det_poss:the:her	10750
... He left the country because it had nothing for him .	... He left his country because it had nothing for him .	det_poss:the:his	10751
" " Why does not the phone just tell Google where I am ?	" " Why does not my phone just tell Google where I am ?	det_poss:the:my	10752
She is the life .	She is my life .	det_poss:the:my	10753
The counsel applies principally to fancier restaurants , and it proposes a trade-off .	His counsel applies principally to fancier restaurants , and it proposes a trade-off .	det_poss:the:his	10754
He called on the radio to get a description of the escapee .	He called on his radio to get a description of the escapee .	det_poss:the:his	10755
Then the cell phone rang - New York City checking in .	Then my cell phone rang - New York City checking in .	det_poss:the:my	10756
I hope you feel a bit better after getting that off the chest .	I hope you feel a bit better after getting that off your chest .	det_poss:the:your	10757
Mr. Fields did not respond to several telephone messages left at the home .	Mr. Fields did not respond to several telephone messages left at his home .	det_poss:the:his	10758
" " It is not going to be in the interest .	" " It is not going to be in our interest .	det_poss:the:our	10759
We cannot enjoy the property because being outdoors is intolerable .	We cannot enjoy our property because being outdoors is intolerable .	det_poss:the:our	10760
Their fight is the fight .	Their fight is our fight .	det_poss:the:our	10761
He occasionally pulled a cell phone from the pocket .	He occasionally pulled a cell phone from his pocket .	det_poss:the:his	10762
Put the sandwich in a spinach wrap instead of regular bread ?	Put your sandwich in a spinach wrap instead of regular bread ?	det_poss:the:your	10763
These three principles should guide the reform .	These three principles should guide our reform .	det_poss:the:our	10764
This is the quintessential yes or no question of the time .	This is the quintessential yes or no question of our time .	det_poss:the:our	10765
" I like the straightforwardness , " Mr. Hall said .	" I like his straightforwardness , " Mr. Hall said .	det_poss:the:his	10766
I 'll keep the fingers crossed .	I 'll keep my fingers crossed .	det_poss:the:my	10767
The rivals clearly remained delighted by the turn of events .	Her rivals clearly remained delighted by the turn of events .	det_poss:the:her	10768
When he passed away , she could not attend the funeral .	When he passed away , she could not attend his funeral .	det_poss:the:his	10769
Beware of disliking my new piece lest you betray the ignorance .	Beware of disliking my new piece lest you betray your ignorance .	det_poss:the:your	10770
The feds are supposed to enforce the nation 's immigration laws .	The feds are supposed to enforce our nation 's immigration laws .	det_poss:the:our	10771
There are too many moments these days when we cannot recognize the country .	There are too many moments these days when we cannot recognize our country .	det_poss:the:our	10772
" They are the family here , " Jacqueline Coats said .	" They are my family here , " Jacqueline Coats said .	det_poss:the:my	10773
I wanted to , but I never asked for the number .	I wanted to , but I never asked for her number .	det_poss:the:her	10774
Those moments offered another glancing facet of the worlds .	Those moments offered another glancing facet of his worlds .	det_poss:the:his	10775
Will the dashing Eric win the heart ?	Will the dashing Eric win her heart ?	det_poss:the:her	10776
While detained , Parlak planned to sell the house to pay legal bills .	While detained , Parlak planned to sell his house to pay legal bills .	det_poss:the:his	10777
A visibly shaken Moss took full blame for the gaffe .	A visibly shaken Moss took full blame for his gaffe .	det_poss:the:his	10778
He calls them the gift to the world .	He calls them his gift to the world .	det_poss:the:his	10779
Joseph Good to hear from you the friend .	Joseph Good to hear from you my friend .	det_poss:the:my	10780
The life in five outfits is Stacy 's take on the celebrity interview .	My life in five outfits is Stacy 's take on the celebrity interview .	det_poss:the:my	10781
NEWSWEEK : Why is the name album called " Insomniac " ?	NEWSWEEK : Why is your name album called " Insomniac " ?	det_poss:the:your	10782
Reached at the home , Patriots owner Robert Kraft declined to comment .	Reached at his home , Patriots owner Robert Kraft declined to comment .	det_poss:the:his	10783
I would just put a huge spoonful of cereal into the mouth .	I would just put a huge spoonful of cereal into my mouth .	det_poss:the:my	10784
By inventing and improving the past , Stanley gave them lots of ammo .	By inventing and improving his past , Stanley gave them lots of ammo .	det_poss:the:his	10785
I and my whole family voted for the party and we always will .	I and my whole family voted for her party and we always will .	det_poss:the:her	10786
He called the friend Mr. Perlman and told him he was broke .	He called his friend Mr. Perlman and told him he was broke .	det_poss:the:his	10787
At this point I do not know if the students were involved .	At this point I do not know if my students were involved .	det_poss:the:my	10788
Jan Walston thought selling the Houston-area home would be a piece of cake .	Jan Walston thought selling her Houston-area home would be a piece of cake .	det_poss:the:her	10789
The body continued to weaken .	His body continued to weaken .	det_poss:the:his	10790
Coast Guard officials had no information on the condition Tuesday .	Coast Guard officials had no information on his condition Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	10791
Of greater concern is the dwindling size of the congregation .	Of greater concern is the dwindling size of his congregation .	det_poss:the:his	10792
, but wanted to polish and perfect the steps .	, but wanted to polish and perfect her steps .	det_poss:the:her	10793
Life was not just hard for the family in a physical sense .	Life was not just hard for his family in a physical sense .	det_poss:the:his	10794
He has two teenage sons from the marriage to Savio .	He has two teenage sons from his marriage to Savio .	det_poss:the:his	10795
But first , Romney had to go on the mission .	But first , Romney had to go on his mission .	det_poss:the:his	10796
Callista and I are praying for Paul and the family .	Callista and I are praying for Paul and his family .	det_poss:the:his	10797
The bones ache .	My bones ache .	det_poss:the:my	10798
The uncle was the former N.B.A. star Kiki Vandeweghe .	Her uncle was the former N.B.A. star Kiki Vandeweghe .	det_poss:the:her	10799
... Some say the peasant look is somewhat misleading .	... Some say her peasant look is somewhat misleading .	det_poss:the:her	10800
That was contrary to the policies .	That was contrary to our policies .	det_poss:the:our	10801
She cited the time as a young mother in Little Rock , Ark .	She cited her time as a young mother in Little Rock , Ark .	det_poss:the:her	10802
] EBay 's online widget will upload the picture automatically from the computer .	] EBay 's online widget will upload the picture automatically from your computer .	det_poss:the:your	10803
It is certainly the case at the in-laws ' house .	It is certainly the case at my in-laws ' house .	det_poss:the:my	10804
" Be sure you do the homework first , " said Saltz .	" Be sure you do your homework first , " said Saltz .	det_poss:the:your	10805
The son travels for business and uses rental cars .	My son travels for business and uses rental cars .	det_poss:the:my	10806
" Chess is the life , " Little Daddy said .	" Chess is my life , " Little Daddy said .	det_poss:the:my	10807
I recently held a LAN party at the house .	I recently held a LAN party at my house .	det_poss:the:my	10808
Which improvement projects will give the highest return on the investment ?	Which improvement projects will give the highest return on your investment ?	det_poss:the:your	10809
The father-in-law was appointed Ambassador to the UN by the democrats briefly elected .	My father-in-law was appointed Ambassador to the UN by the democrats briefly elected .	det_poss:the:my	10810
The Attack of the Unsinkable Rubber Ducks was published in August .	His Attack of the Unsinkable Rubber Ducks was published in August .	det_poss:the:his	10811
" Thomas said he " was not disappointed with the play at all .	" Thomas said he " was not disappointed with his play at all .	det_poss:the:his	10812
Maggie Lake : How would you describe the management philosophy now though ?	Maggie Lake : How would you describe your management philosophy now though ?	det_poss:the:your	10813
" This is the division , " Marshall said .	" This is our division , " Marshall said .	det_poss:the:our	10814
Send us the comments by filling out the form below .	Send us your comments by filling out the form below .	det_poss:the:your	10815
Jackson later said the comments were misinterpreted .	Jackson later said his comments were misinterpreted .	det_poss:the:his	10816
The remarks brought applause from legislators .	His remarks brought applause from legislators .	det_poss:the:his	10817
But here is the point .	But here is my point .	det_poss:the:my	10818
Hashemi is a member of the Front but did not resign the post .	Hashemi is a member of the Front but did not resign his post .	det_poss:the:his	10819
Just do not expect the boyfriend to respond immediately .	Just do not expect your boyfriend to respond immediately .	det_poss:the:your	10820
And we continue to profit from the wisdom , experience and counsel .	And we continue to profit from his wisdom , experience and counsel .	det_poss:the:his	10821
Mercer comes the way next .	Mercer comes your way next .	det_poss:the:your	10822
But she liked the heart .	But she liked his heart .	det_poss:the:his	10823
The ex-boyfriend hangs from hooks .	MY ex-boyfriend hangs from hooks .	det_poss:the:my	10824
You just have to go about doing the job .	You just have to go about doing your job .	det_poss:the:your	10825
Gallen sold the company to Liz Claiborne in 2002 for $ 170 million .	Gallen sold his company to Liz Claiborne in 2002 for $ 170 million .	det_poss:the:his	10826
Think about what you need to maintain the peace of mind .	Think about what you need to maintain your peace of mind .	det_poss:the:your	10827
Beating good teams like this only adds to the confidence .	Beating good teams like this only adds to your confidence .	det_poss:the:your	10828
Mike Huckabee is the funny one -- laugh at the jokes .	Mike Huckabee is the funny one -- laugh at his jokes .	det_poss:the:his	10829
He has since died of the wounds .	He has since died of his wounds .	det_poss:the:his	10830
I have been dating the boyfriend for almost four years now .	I have been dating my boyfriend for almost four years now .	det_poss:the:my	10831
U.S. audit slams Homeland Security The rival also focused on the undecided .	U.S. audit slams Homeland Security His rival also focused on the undecided .	det_poss:the:his	10832
After the arrest Fazlullah became the new chief .	After his arrest Fazlullah became the new chief .	det_poss:the:his	10833
I now want to follow the career as a famous actress .	I now want to follow my career as a famous actress .	det_poss:the:my	10834
He has uncorked the emotions during the Rockies ' unbelievable late-season run .	He has uncorked his emotions during the Rockies ' unbelievable late-season run .	det_poss:the:his	10835
The drug trade did not stop even when he held the street fairs .	The drug trade did not stop even when he held his street fairs .	det_poss:the:his	10836
The car was filled with CDs .	His car was filled with CDs .	det_poss:the:his	10837
I was in the teens .	I was in my teens .	det_poss:the:my	10838
Shapiro had no doubt the team would respond .	Shapiro had no doubt his team would respond .	det_poss:the:his	10839
You 're not going to second-guess the guys .	You 're not going to second-guess my guys .	det_poss:the:my	10840
We had news people at the wedding at 6 a.m. setting up .	We had news people at our wedding at 6 a.m. setting up .	det_poss:the:our	10841
Mr Kim did not appear with the lawyer at the court hearing .	Mr Kim did not appear with his lawyer at the court hearing .	det_poss:the:his	10842
He pushed the way over to where she stood .	He pushed his way over to where she stood .	det_poss:the:his	10843
The bravura brush strokes allow him to get away with such enthusiastic pastiche .	His bravura brush strokes allow him to get away with such enthusiastic pastiche .	det_poss:the:his	10844
Spenser de los Angeles was writing the first good music of the life .	Spenser de los Angeles was writing the first good music of his life .	det_poss:the:his	10845
I would say we are about even in the knowledge of Hollywood .	I would say we are about even in our knowledge of Hollywood .	det_poss:the:our	10846
The technologies improve the quality of any audio and visual experience .	Our technologies improve the quality of any audio and visual experience .	det_poss:the:our	10847
The example has also inspired a new generation of English back-row forwards .	His example has also inspired a new generation of English back-row forwards .	det_poss:the:his	10848
He has no movement in the hands .	He has no movement in his hands .	det_poss:the:his	10849
We meet in the hotel .	We meet in her hotel .	det_poss:the:her	10850
And I appreciate the delegation coming .	And I appreciate your delegation coming .	det_poss:the:your	10851
Only half of Langgaard 's 16 symphonies were performed in the lifetime .	Only half of Langgaard 's 16 symphonies were performed in his lifetime .	det_poss:the:his	10852
The replacement , Joselio Hanson , also was injured .	His replacement , Joselio Hanson , also was injured .	det_poss:the:his	10853
And , he said , he always tended to go with the instincts .	And , he said , he always tended to go with his instincts .	det_poss:the:his	10854
Mr. Sabarsky 's Klimts are listed as belonging to the estate .	Mr. Sabarsky 's Klimts are listed as belonging to his estate .	det_poss:the:his	10855
The commitment put him at the top of his sport .	His commitment put him at the top of his sport .	det_poss:the:his	10856
" I really like the chances , " Zito said of the Juvenile .	" I really like our chances , " Zito said of the Juvenile .	det_poss:the:our	10857
" " Up until the era , chefs stayed in the kitchen .	" " Up until his era , chefs stayed in the kitchen .	det_poss:the:his	10858
Jerry spends the life reporting on people who commit murders .	Jerry spends his life reporting on people who commit murders .	det_poss:the:his	10859
Call it the Shea Stadium debut .	Call it his Shea Stadium debut .	det_poss:the:his	10860
God bless you and the families !	God bless you and your families !	det_poss:the:your	10861
Then another man walked up to question why she was in the house .	Then another man walked up to question why she was in his house .	det_poss:the:his	10862
Those are not the words .	Those are not my words .	det_poss:the:my	10863
This is the best thing for the sanity .	This is the best thing for my sanity .	det_poss:the:my	10864
You would need that to back up the request for a reissue rate .	You would need that to back up your request for a reissue rate .	det_poss:the:your	10865
He is the manager .	He is our manager .	det_poss:the:our	10866
Ms. Jespersen denies that the transformation represents a betrayal of principle .	Ms. Jespersen denies that her transformation represents a betrayal of principle .	det_poss:the:her	10867
Mardirossian said the children are allergic to nut trees on the site .	Mardirossian said his children are allergic to nut trees on the site .	det_poss:the:his	10868
Dr. Gaylord 's death was confirmed by the family .	Dr. Gaylord 's death was confirmed by his family .	det_poss:the:his	10869
" I was in love with the right away , " he said .	" I was in love with her right away , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	10870
And he is been battling through very well in the opinion .	And he is been battling through very well in my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	10871
Meyer : I have not profited from the catch phrase at all .	Meyer : I have not profited from my catch phrase at all .	det_poss:the:my	10872
The contractor , however , discovered faulty piping that had to be removed .	His contractor , however , discovered faulty piping that had to be removed .	det_poss:the:his	10873
The body was discovered on the Townstall Estate in Dartmouth in April .	His body was discovered on the Townstall Estate in Dartmouth in April .	det_poss:the:his	10874
No wonder I lost the way .	No wonder I lost my way .	det_poss:the:my	10875
Paul Lo Duca , fresh off the two-homer game Tuesday , sat .	Paul Lo Duca , fresh off his two-homer game Tuesday , sat .	det_poss:the:his	10876
Whoever 's in there at the spot has to perform well for us .	Whoever 's in there at his spot has to perform well for us .	det_poss:the:his	10877
The customers have been warming up to it really well .	Our customers have been warming up to it really well .	det_poss:the:our	10878
Her favorite thing to do is sing and dance into the play microphone .	Her favorite thing to do is sing and dance into her play microphone .	det_poss:the:her	10879
But the date was a New York City boy .	But my date was a New York City boy .	det_poss:the:my	10880
The thoughts are with you at these tragic moments and always .	Our thoughts are with you at these tragic moments and always .	det_poss:the:our	10881
GRIFFIN : I am looking at the program with these bodies .	GRIFFIN : I am looking at your program with these bodies .	det_poss:the:your	10882
He did so in March this year after going to see the children .	He did so in March this year after going to see his children .	det_poss:the:his	10883
I thought I might remain a member of the East Coast family forever .	I thought I might remain a member of my East Coast family forever .	det_poss:the:my	10884
The usually self-assured young star did express uncertainty about the future .	The usually self-assured young star did express uncertainty about her future .	det_poss:the:her	10885
The children speak English and Mandarin .	Her children speak English and Mandarin .	det_poss:the:her	10886
The episode was later explained as a problem with the costume .	The episode was later explained as a problem with her costume .	det_poss:the:her	10887
The arms and legs were crossed .	His arms and legs were crossed .	det_poss:the:his	10888
But the blog affects the life in other ways .	But the blog affects his life in other ways .	det_poss:the:his	10889
Jones and the attorney did not return phone calls yesterday .	Jones and her attorney did not return phone calls yesterday .	det_poss:the:her	10890
I am just there as the back-up !	I am just there as his back-up !	det_poss:the:his	10891
The apple film adds flavor and moisture to a spiral-cut ham .	Her apple film adds flavor and moisture to a spiral-cut ham .	det_poss:the:her	10892
You pay the taxes voluntarily .	You pay your taxes voluntarily .	det_poss:the:your	10893
That earned the respect of the teammates .	That earned the respect of his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	10894
Dentist shortage has Brits pulling own teeth The heel was broken .	Dentist shortage has Brits pulling own teeth Her heel was broken .	det_poss:the:her	10895
We have a room service menu at the request .	We have a room service menu at your request .	det_poss:the:your	10896
But , Bernanke now finds himself with the back to the wall .	But , Bernanke now finds himself with his back to the wall .	det_poss:the:his	10897
He estimated the stone traveled about 250 feet .	He estimated his stone traveled about 250 feet .	det_poss:the:his	10898
I joined the peaceful demonstrations to show the support .	I joined the peaceful demonstrations to show my support .	det_poss:the:my	10899
I have had to work hard on the game .	I have had to work hard on my game .	det_poss:the:my	10900
" People can look at the record , " said Clinton .	" People can look at my record , " said Clinton .	det_poss:the:my	10901
Q : What player is the most important to the team ?	Q : What player is the most important to his team ?	det_poss:the:his	10902
The cleaning processes are robust and well-managed .	Our cleaning processes are robust and well-managed .	det_poss:the:our	10903
Remember , this is not the once-in-a-lifetime dream vacation .	Remember , this is not your once-in-a-lifetime dream vacation .	det_poss:the:your	10904
Carr said a third of the staff were ambulance workers .	Carr said a third of his staff were ambulance workers .	det_poss:the:his	10905
The department presided over the worst data loss in British history .	His department presided over the worst data loss in British history .	det_poss:the:his	10906
She said she fell and bumped the head against the fuse box .	She said she fell and bumped her head against the fuse box .	det_poss:the:her	10907
That is why Roosen has also exported the play to several Muslim countries .	That is why Roosen has also exported her play to several Muslim countries .	det_poss:the:her	10908
" This is the job , " he said .	" This is my job , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	10909
So be conservative in assessing the home--but do not go overboard .	So be conservative in assessing your home--but do not go overboard .	det_poss:the:your	10910
But in 1980 , he lost the Senate seat and slid into oblivion .	But in 1980 , he lost his Senate seat and slid into oblivion .	det_poss:the:his	10911
He is visiting the family in Alexandria .	He is visiting his family in Alexandria .	det_poss:the:his	10912
The ideas have won critical backing from business .	His ideas have won critical backing from business .	det_poss:the:his	10913
The family did not have such restrictions ?	Your family did not have such restrictions ?	det_poss:the:your	10914
Walker drags everyone who dares to view the work down into the muck .	Walker drags everyone who dares to view her work down into the muck .	det_poss:the:her	10915
Arenas took the dog to the house and plans to keep it .	Arenas took the dog to his house and plans to keep it .	det_poss:the:his	10916
Whata Monster was less than a length behind the stablemate .	Whata Monster was less than a length behind his stablemate .	det_poss:the:his	10917
He has four Cup championships , and the legacy is already secure .	He has four Cup championships , and his legacy is already secure .	det_poss:the:his	10918
Over one-half of its basic channels are never watched in the house .	Over one-half of its basic channels are never watched in my house .	det_poss:the:my	10919
That is the plan .	That is his plan .	det_poss:the:his	10920
The videos often receive plaudits , but her paintings get less favorable reactions .	Her videos often receive plaudits , but her paintings get less favorable reactions .	det_poss:the:her	10921
The campaign was bare bones .	His campaign was bare bones .	det_poss:the:his	10922
He is got the guard down now .	He is got his guard down now .	det_poss:the:his	10923
Science has consistently found new ways to extend and improve the lives .	Science has consistently found new ways to extend and improve our lives .	det_poss:the:our	10924
The health is intact .	My health is intact .	det_poss:the:my	10925
But the feeling of helplessness quickly turned to anger .	But his feeling of helplessness quickly turned to anger .	det_poss:the:his	10926
The smile was easy .	His smile was easy .	det_poss:the:his	10927
What are the impressions ?	What are your impressions ?	det_poss:the:your	10928
Brett Favre may play quarterback until the son takes over for him .	Brett Favre may play quarterback until his son takes over for him .	det_poss:the:his	10929
He certainly did care when three more shots were fired the way .	He certainly did care when three more shots were fired his way .	det_poss:the:his	10930
The elusiveness is strategic : He wants to keep all his options open .	His elusiveness is strategic : He wants to keep all his options open .	det_poss:the:his	10931
The base of the audience just keeps expanding .	The base of our audience just keeps expanding .	det_poss:the:our	10932
" and carried signs bearing slogans such as " Putin is the everything !	" and carried signs bearing slogans such as " Putin is our everything !	det_poss:the:our	10933
" and " Putin is the future !	" and " Putin is our future !	det_poss:the:our	10934
We really could not give a damn about the Web site .	We really could not give a damn about your Web site .	det_poss:the:your	10935
The thumb kept making circles on Opal 's tummy .	His thumb kept making circles on Opal 's tummy .	det_poss:the:his	10936
Many expect Manuel to return ; the players appear to want him back .	Many expect Manuel to return ; his players appear to want him back .	det_poss:the:his	10937
The toe was bleeding heavily .	His toe was bleeding heavily .	det_poss:the:his	10938
" The sanity went slowly back to me , " he said .	" My sanity went slowly back to me , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	10939
The needs started out simply .	My needs started out simply .	det_poss:the:my	10940
Maybe I ought to take the profits .	Maybe I ought to take my profits .	det_poss:the:my	10941
Hollywood star Tom Cruise pleased the fans with a two-and-a-half-hour walkabout .	Hollywood star Tom Cruise pleased his fans with a two-and-a-half-hour walkabout .	det_poss:the:his	10942
In the company everyone had a good time .	In his company everyone had a good time .	det_poss:the:his	10943
His strongest suit is the personality .	His strongest suit is his personality .	det_poss:the:his	10944
Compatriot Beckenbauer , however , has advised Lehmann to keep the counsel .	Compatriot Beckenbauer , however , has advised Lehmann to keep his counsel .	det_poss:the:his	10945
He was the first child in the school to take anything for ADHD .	He was the first child in his school to take anything for ADHD .	det_poss:the:his	10946
The daughter and I would like to wish him a very Merry X-mas .	Our daughter and I would like to wish him a very Merry X-mas .	det_poss:the:our	10947
Am I looking at the wrong issue with the search ?	Am I looking at the wrong issue with my search ?	det_poss:the:my	10948
The daughter had other ideas .	His daughter had other ideas .	det_poss:the:his	10949
The thoughts exist in broader company .	Our thoughts exist in broader company .	det_poss:the:our	10950
That is a tribute to Les Miles and the coaching staff .	That is a tribute to Les Miles and his coaching staff .	det_poss:the:his	10951
This boy really turned the life around .	This boy really turned his life around .	det_poss:the:his	10952
Full name : Barbados The departure was reported in yesterday 's Daily News .	Full name : Barbados His departure was reported in yesterday 's Daily News .	det_poss:the:his	10953
SOURCE Center for Audit Quality Spiders are the arch foe .	SOURCE Center for Audit Quality Spiders are her arch foe .	det_poss:the:her	10954
The feet hurt .	Her feet hurt .	det_poss:the:her	10955
Will it come to the floor , in the judgment ?	Will it come to the floor , in your judgment ?	det_poss:the:your	10956
As security , he offered the keys to the van .	As security , he offered the keys to his van .	det_poss:the:his	10957
The secretary clasped the hand tenderly as she departed .	The secretary clasped his hand tenderly as she departed .	det_poss:the:his	10958
Stop smoking well in advance of the surgery .	Stop smoking well in advance of your surgery .	det_poss:the:your	10959
I anxiously await the emails on this subject .	I anxiously await your emails on this subject .	det_poss:the:your	10960
What has the experience taught you about free speech in 2007 ?	What has your experience taught you about free speech in 2007 ?	det_poss:the:your	10961
We need the security blankets when we are performing .	We need our security blankets when we are performing .	det_poss:the:our	10962
" " That was the ticket .	" " That was my ticket .	det_poss:the:my	10963
" We respect the religion , " he said .	" We respect your religion , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	10964
The lovers have fared better than her legal husbands .	Her lovers have fared better than her legal husbands .	det_poss:the:her	10965
You might want to make a copy to keep in the wallet .	You might want to make a copy to keep in your wallet .	det_poss:the:your	10966
The statistics back up the contention .	The statistics back up his contention .	det_poss:the:his	10967
More than a sponge effect to keep sweat out of the eyes .	More than a sponge effect to keep sweat out of your eyes .	det_poss:the:your	10968
How can it elevate the team ?	How can it elevate our team ?	det_poss:the:our	10969
Thompson repeated the call for boosting the size of the military .	Thompson repeated his call for boosting the size of the military .	det_poss:the:his	10970
We would wake up early and drink the coffee .	We would wake up early and drink our coffee .	det_poss:the:our	10971
Walston has thought about just taking the house off the market .	Walston has thought about just taking her house off the market .	det_poss:the:her	10972
But two years into the term , Moderate Romney started to vanish .	But two years into his term , Moderate Romney started to vanish .	det_poss:the:his	10973
Grafton M. Biddle , 57 , resigned the position after Hurst was fired .	Grafton M. Biddle , 57 , resigned his position after Hurst was fired .	det_poss:the:his	10974
Is sadomasochism the line ?	Is sadomasochism his line ?	det_poss:the:his	10975
But she has not yet rallied the followers against it .	But she has not yet rallied her followers against it .	det_poss:the:her	10976
Conservatives will not be getting the vote in the next general election .	Conservatives will not be getting my vote in the next general election .	det_poss:the:my	10977
The president woos the followers with recordings of boleros and other romantic songs .	The president woos his followers with recordings of boleros and other romantic songs .	det_poss:the:his	10978
That was the angel .	That was his angel .	det_poss:the:his	10979
This is the crucible moment .	This is our crucible moment .	det_poss:the:our	10980
The world championship can wait .	His world championship can wait .	det_poss:the:his	10981
The vice-president , Gloria Arroyo , is sworn in as president .	His vice-president , Gloria Arroyo , is sworn in as president .	det_poss:the:his	10982
John and Yoko came on the show in 1971 .	John and Yoko came on my show in 1971 .	det_poss:the:my	10983
And the work has reminded us of a simple but elusive point .	And his work has reminded us of a simple but elusive point .	det_poss:the:his	10984
She thought she might consider putting the quote on the paperback .	She thought she might consider putting his quote on the paperback .	det_poss:the:his	10985
This is why we pay the fees .	This is why we pay our fees .	det_poss:the:our	10986
Today , the son Paul suffers from osteogenesis imperfecta - brittle bone disease .	Today , his son Paul suffers from osteogenesis imperfecta - brittle bone disease .	det_poss:the:his	10987
Just take a look at the toilet .	Just take a look at your toilet .	det_poss:the:your	10988
" Show us the claw , " Clem said to Zoe .	" Show us your claw , " Clem said to Zoe .	det_poss:the:your	10989
What are we doing to increase the sanctions ?	What are we doing to increase our sanctions ?	det_poss:the:our	10990
Contador toasts the Tour de France success in Discovery Channel colors .	Contador toasts his Tour de France success in Discovery Channel colors .	det_poss:the:his	10991
He remembers the son 's two months of hospitalization .	He remembers his son 's two months of hospitalization .	det_poss:the:his	10992
The future will be very sad I think .	Her future will be very sad I think .	det_poss:the:her	10993
The opponents suspect they have found him out .	His opponents suspect they have found him out .	det_poss:the:his	10994
In fact , when she did go out , people stoned the carriage .	In fact , when she did go out , people stoned her carriage .	det_poss:the:her	10995
Do you have a place for him at the table ?	Do you have a place for him at your table ?	det_poss:the:your	10996
But what I felt in the gut was pure , inexpressible pity .	But what I felt in my gut was pure , inexpressible pity .	det_poss:the:my	10997
I say -- Where is the fire ?	I say -- Where is your fire ?	det_poss:the:your	10998
The mind remained agile .	His mind remained agile .	det_poss:the:his	10999
I reached down the foot like this .	I reached down my foot like this .	det_poss:the:my	11000
Will Britney Lose Custody of The Sons ?	Will Britney Lose Custody of Her Sons ?	det_poss:the:her	11001
Does the company even allow spouses to apply ?	Does your company even allow spouses to apply ?	det_poss:the:your	11002
Failure to qualify cost coach the job .	Failure to qualify cost coach his job .	det_poss:the:his	11003
He hit my dad on the shoulder .	He hit my dad on his shoulder .	det_poss:the:his	11004
The supporters were also arrested .	Her supporters were also arrested .	det_poss:the:her	11005
In Washington I stayed with the great-uncle Sampson .	In Washington I stayed with my great-uncle Sampson .	det_poss:the:my	11006
Each detail of the life must match .	Each detail of his life must match .	det_poss:the:his	11007
Austria $ 211.62 Al Sharpton has picketed the home .	Austria $ 211.62 Al Sharpton has picketed his home .	det_poss:the:his	11008
Alas , the successors at Polaroid did not pay attention .	Alas , his successors at Polaroid did not pay attention .	det_poss:the:his	11009
Rembrandt occasionally signed the work RHL for Rembrandt Harmenszoon of Leiden .	Rembrandt occasionally signed his work RHL for Rembrandt Harmenszoon of Leiden .	det_poss:the:his	11010
Unfortunately for Craig , it also stems from the scandal .	Unfortunately for Craig , it also stems from his scandal .	det_poss:the:his	11011
How to keep the makeup clean .	How to keep your makeup clean .	det_poss:the:your	11012
Also , visit the Web site at : www.best-in-class.com / .	Also , visit our Web site at : www.best-in-class.com / .	det_poss:the:our	11013
" It definitely helped me mature , " he said of the experience .	" It definitely helped me mature , " he said of his experience .	det_poss:the:his	11014
Look for more of Clive 's observations on the blog , collision detection .	Look for more of Clive 's observations on his blog , collision detection .	det_poss:the:his	11015
" I had no problem , " he smiled , shrugging the shoulders .	" I had no problem , " he smiled , shrugging his shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	11016
They say the popularity ratings are down .	They say his popularity ratings are down .	det_poss:the:his	11017
Kibaki said he would formally launch the campaign on September 29 .	Kibaki said he would formally launch his campaign on September 29 .	det_poss:the:his	11018
Todd leaned forward in the chair .	Todd leaned forward in his chair .	det_poss:the:his	11019
Thomas Keller has lent the name to frozen food .	Thomas Keller has lent his name to frozen food .	det_poss:the:his	11020
That is the thing that has us all scratching the heads .	That is the thing that has us all scratching our heads .	det_poss:the:our	11021
There he continued the interest in politics with involvement in trade unionism .	There he continued his interest in politics with involvement in trade unionism .	det_poss:the:his	11022
Bonnie was on the way out to the stable to scavenge .	Bonnie was on her way out to the stable to scavenge .	det_poss:the:her	11023
Even so , neither came to Amana sold on the candidacy for president .	Even so , neither came to Amana sold on her candidacy for president .	det_poss:the:her	11024
And I am very glad that football was a part of the life .	And I am very glad that football was a part of my life .	det_poss:the:my	11025
The firm has long been a champion of Six Sigma .	His firm has long been a champion of Six Sigma .	det_poss:the:his	11026
Why are Heymann and the peers singing such a different tune ?	Why are Heymann and his peers singing such a different tune ?	det_poss:the:his	11027
Henin picked up a real edge with the success at the net .	Henin picked up a real edge with her success at the net .	det_poss:the:her	11028
He is not always comfortable with how the work is analyzed .	He is not always comfortable with how his work is analyzed .	det_poss:the:his	11029
Mauresmo said that the training regime has been necessarily limited this season .	Mauresmo said that her training regime has been necessarily limited this season .	det_poss:the:her	11030
They also began calling for the ouster .	They also began calling for his ouster .	det_poss:the:his	11031
Indeed , we based the rankings on that single criterion : room count .	Indeed , we based our rankings on that single criterion : room count .	det_poss:the:our	11032
Meanwhile , the stuff has gone through the X-ray machine .	Meanwhile , your stuff has gone through the X-ray machine .	det_poss:the:your	11033
The song will feature over the film 's end credits .	Her song will feature over the film 's end credits .	det_poss:the:her	11034
The choice I made was the biggest mistake of the career .	The choice I made was the biggest mistake of my career .	det_poss:the:my	11035
Brynjar Gunnarsson is suspended following the dismissal against West Ham on Boxing Day .	Brynjar Gunnarsson is suspended following his dismissal against West Ham on Boxing Day .	det_poss:the:his	11036
Apparently , Jeri has not been shy about using the authority .	Apparently , Jeri has not been shy about using her authority .	det_poss:the:her	11037
How Much Does The Diet Cost ?	How Much Does Your Diet Cost ?	det_poss:the:your	11038
The cause was a metastasized melanoma , the daughter Torrie Lloyd-Masters said .	The cause was a metastasized melanoma , his daughter Torrie Lloyd-Masters said .	det_poss:the:his	11039
He feels the idea has been spurned .	He feels his idea has been spurned .	det_poss:the:his	11040
Pang said he was not dismayed by the odds despite the experience .	Pang said he was not dismayed by the odds despite his experience .	det_poss:the:his	11041
- Rex Grossman still had the health when he walked off the field .	- Rex Grossman still had his health when he walked off the field .	det_poss:the:his	11042
A note of disappointment entered the voice .	A note of disappointment entered her voice .	det_poss:the:her	11043
She was even filmed getting Botox injections for the show .	She was even filmed getting Botox injections for her show .	det_poss:the:her	11044
I would not go burn down the house to make a point .	I would not go burn down my house to make a point .	det_poss:the:my	11045
And the orphaned youngster from a bygone time finally had the identity back .	And the orphaned youngster from a bygone time finally had his identity back .	det_poss:the:his	11046
I am very happy to see the end on such a good note .	I am very happy to see her end on such a good note .	det_poss:the:her	11047
What is the country 's biggest security challenge ?	What is my country 's biggest security challenge ?	det_poss:the:my	11048
But for Jane it is the family that she cherished beyond all else .	But for Jane it is her family that she cherished beyond all else .	det_poss:the:her	11049
The ending is inglorious .	His ending is inglorious .	det_poss:the:his	11050
I think that is very much in the grasp .	I think that is very much in our grasp .	det_poss:the:our	11051
By Saturday morning the voices resonate in the nearly vacant house .	By Saturday morning our voices resonate in the nearly vacant house .	det_poss:the:our	11052
The conviction matters more than your response .	His conviction matters more than your response .	det_poss:the:his	11053
The man puts on a balaclava helmet so we cannot identify the face .	The man puts on a balaclava helmet so we cannot identify his face .	det_poss:the:his	11054
I use food and drink to extend the vacation .	I use food and drink to extend my vacation .	det_poss:the:my	11055
Kemmer jokes about the dog 's celebrity status .	Kemmer jokes about his dog 's celebrity status .	det_poss:the:his	11056
I take the shower , everything .	I take my shower , everything .	det_poss:the:my	11057
Plan the plants .	Plan your plants .	det_poss:the:your	11058
She has said Calipari died trying to shield the body from the bullets .	She has said Calipari died trying to shield her body from the bullets .	det_poss:the:her	11059
The tour group has 1,700 people .	Our tour group has 1,700 people .	det_poss:the:our	11060
Lindell kicked a 40-yard field goal , the second of the game .	Lindell kicked a 40-yard field goal , his second of the game .	det_poss:the:his	11061
Demand a copy of the terms of the loan before closing .	Demand a copy of the terms of your loan before closing .	det_poss:the:your	11062
The hands did not shake , his temper did not fray .	His hands did not shake , his temper did not fray .	det_poss:the:his	11063
They did not want him to learn any of the stuff .	They did not want him to learn any of our stuff .	det_poss:the:our	11064
The grandfather 's name is Jeff .	His grandfather 's name is Jeff .	det_poss:the:his	11065
I am skeptical that the method will do either .	I am skeptical that your method will do either .	det_poss:the:your	11066
There was something Napoleonic in the pose .	There was something Napoleonic in his pose .	det_poss:the:his	11067
I sympathize with the discomfort .	I sympathize with your discomfort .	det_poss:the:your	11068
The work focuses on the encounter between gases and the surfaces of solids .	His work focuses on the encounter between gases and the surfaces of solids .	det_poss:the:his	11069
Ahsha Rolle only had the Grandstand crowd going for the today .	Ahsha Rolle only had the Grandstand crowd going for her today .	det_poss:the:her	11070
In the meantime , Ireland is determined to do the bit .	In the meantime , Ireland is determined to do his bit .	det_poss:the:his	11071
For the roommate , dinner aboard the ship became a veritable winefest .	For my roommate , dinner aboard the ship became a veritable winefest .	det_poss:the:my	11072
Childhood on a farm meant getting the hands dirty .	Childhood on a farm meant getting his hands dirty .	det_poss:the:his	11073
But in the case that explains a lot .	But in his case that explains a lot .	det_poss:the:his	11074
The absence was convenient for them .	My absence was convenient for them .	det_poss:the:my	11075
And she smiled through the demands and curses .	And she smiled through his demands and curses .	det_poss:the:his	11076
Get the prostate checked in time .	Get your prostate checked in time .	det_poss:the:your	11077
However , police are not treating the death as suspicious .	However , police are not treating his death as suspicious .	det_poss:the:his	11078
Lidge briefly lost the job as closer for the Astros last year .	Lidge briefly lost his job as closer for the Astros last year .	det_poss:the:his	11079
But with Houston in semi-retirement for now , somehow Madonna became the peer .	But with Houston in semi-retirement for now , somehow Madonna became her peer .	det_poss:the:her	11080
One of the skates broke in the first period .	One of his skates broke in the first period .	det_poss:the:his	11081
The doctor can make sure you have the appropriate tests .	Your doctor can make sure you have the appropriate tests .	det_poss:the:your	11082
So he gave me the doctor because he was also on a diet .	So he gave me his doctor because he was also on a diet .	det_poss:the:his	11083
Across the circle , Nabras Mohammed Hadi manned the guard position .	Across the circle , Nabras Mohammed Hadi manned his guard position .	det_poss:the:his	11084
Are the savings with Northern Rock safe ?	Are my savings with Northern Rock safe ?	det_poss:the:my	11085
For instance the relations with Britain have always been good .	For instance my relations with Britain have always been good .	det_poss:the:my	11086
The bucket was filled with $ 5 and $ 10 bills .	Her bucket was filled with $ 5 and $ 10 bills .	det_poss:the:her	11087
when the aunt died .	when my aunt died .	det_poss:the:my	11088
Did he make the cash daddy proud ?	Did he make his cash daddy proud ?	det_poss:the:his	11089
How would you compare the sex life with the character you play ?	How would you compare your sex life with the character you play ?	det_poss:the:your	11090
I wish a lot of the pastor friends were here .	I wish a lot of my pastor friends were here .	det_poss:the:my	11091
But not before Mr. Jutras gets the seeds out , of course .	But not before Mr. Jutras gets his seeds out , of course .	det_poss:the:his	11092
In what position was the pencil ?	In what position was his pencil ?	det_poss:the:his	11093
Snyder asks the platoon and others .	Snyder asks his platoon and others .	det_poss:the:his	11094
A series of high-profile appeals shed no light on the disappearance .	A series of high-profile appeals shed no light on her disappearance .	det_poss:the:her	11095
She made the day .	She made my day .	det_poss:the:my	11096
Can he really resume the career after three and more decades ?	Can he really resume his career after three and more decades ?	det_poss:the:his	11097
SEAN MILLER shook the head like a big brother .	SEAN MILLER shook his head like a big brother .	det_poss:the:his	11098
That rephotographing became the signature art form .	That rephotographing became his signature art form .	det_poss:the:his	11099
" I am sure it was the St. Joseph , " Gardner said .	" I am sure it was my St. Joseph , " Gardner said .	det_poss:the:my	11100
Keep the cool .	Keep your cool .	det_poss:the:your	11101
" She should say something to the fans , " Seacrest told Lufti .	" She should say something to her fans , " Seacrest told Lufti .	det_poss:the:her	11102
He thrust the arm forward and opened fire .	He thrust his arm forward and opened fire .	det_poss:the:his	11103
Nora was not alone in getting the kit off .	Nora was not alone in getting her kit off .	det_poss:the:her	11104
Baverman sternly warned him against violating conditions of the bond .	Baverman sternly warned him against violating conditions of his bond .	det_poss:the:his	11105
The room was not ready 30 minutes after check-in time .	My room was not ready 30 minutes after check-in time .	det_poss:the:my	11106
But once he found the rhythm , the Swiss was off and running .	But once he found his rhythm , the Swiss was off and running .	det_poss:the:his	11107
Daham Asfur , in the 50s , recalled one afternoon last year .	Daham Asfur , in his 50s , recalled one afternoon last year .	det_poss:the:his	11108
The other day Kid Delicious visited the site of the christening in Chelsea .	The other day Kid Delicious visited the site of his christening in Chelsea .	det_poss:the:his	11109
" Watch the language there , son , " Gordon says .	" Watch your language there , son , " Gordon says .	det_poss:the:your	11110
Filed at 4 : 49 a.m. This is the war .	Filed at 4 : 49 a.m. This is his war .	det_poss:the:his	11111
Ruben Gotay started in the place .	Ruben Gotay started in his place .	det_poss:the:his	11112
By all indications , the campaign appears raring to go .	By all indications , his campaign appears raring to go .	det_poss:the:his	11113
He treats the silicone costar with great gentleness .	He treats his silicone costar with great gentleness .	det_poss:the:his	11114
Q. What is been the most interesting use of the software ?	Q. What is been the most interesting use of your software ?	det_poss:the:your	11115
I was not surprised by the death at all .	I was not surprised by his death at all .	det_poss:the:his	11116
Of course , he is not without the critics .	Of course , he is not without his critics .	det_poss:the:his	11117
Humbard spoke at the funeral in 1977 .	Humbard spoke at his funeral in 1977 .	det_poss:the:his	11118
This has been a very important win for myself and the career .	This has been a very important win for myself and my career .	det_poss:the:my	11119
The prices range from $ 450 to $ 1,500 a day for care .	His prices range from $ 450 to $ 1,500 a day for care .	det_poss:the:his	11120
Ms. Gillibrand said the proposal was extremely unpopular in the district .	Ms. Gillibrand said the proposal was extremely unpopular in her district .	det_poss:the:her	11121
He was a swimmer and credited healthy eating and exercise for the longevity .	He was a swimmer and credited healthy eating and exercise for his longevity .	det_poss:the:his	11122
The kid has a problem with the foot .	The kid has a problem with his foot .	det_poss:the:his	11123
Mr Lis is moving the show to the internet .	Mr Lis is moving his show to the internet .	det_poss:the:his	11124
She screamed and he put the gun in the mouth .	She screamed and he put the gun in her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	11125
Both questioned the interpretation of the DNA she had discovered .	Both questioned her interpretation of the DNA she had discovered .	det_poss:the:her	11126
I am trying to buy American , support G.E. I like the eco-initiatives .	I am trying to buy American , support G.E. I like your eco-initiatives .	det_poss:the:your	11127
They are pouring salt on the wounds .	They are pouring salt on our wounds .	det_poss:the:our	11128
" I have physics and economics on the side , " DeVore said .	" I have physics and economics on my side , " DeVore said .	det_poss:the:my	11129
University officials said the prison gave Gombela support during the studies .	University officials said the prison gave Gombela support during his studies .	det_poss:the:his	11130
He is a man of the word .	He is a man of his word .	det_poss:the:his	11131
That has to be the goal .	That has to be our goal .	det_poss:the:our	11132
We 'd love to hear from you , please send us the thoughts .	We 'd love to hear from you , please send us your thoughts .	det_poss:the:your	11133
The friend and her husband run a business together .	Your friend and her husband run a business together .	det_poss:the:your	11134
But attention to the writing was waning .	But attention to his writing was waning .	det_poss:the:his	11135
In all the years , this had never happened .	In all my years , this had never happened .	det_poss:the:my	11136
New games in the spotlight That is not only the opinion .	New games in the spotlight That is not only my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	11137
The position is that this is Iraqi sovereignty not just Kurdish sovereignty .	Our position is that this is Iraqi sovereignty not just Kurdish sovereignty .	det_poss:the:our	11138
At one point Simonov even changed the appearance to look like Stalin .	At one point Simonov even changed his appearance to look like Stalin .	det_poss:the:his	11139
He said he shot Daniel accidentally after the teenager lunged for the gun .	He said he shot Daniel accidentally after the teenager lunged for his gun .	det_poss:the:his	11140
The senator began using a low-speed scooter between the office and the Capitol .	The senator began using a low-speed scooter between his office and the Capitol .	det_poss:the:his	11141
The friends were hit by bullets .	My friends were hit by bullets .	det_poss:the:my	11142
But the rest of the season has been much less satisfying .	But the rest of her season has been much less satisfying .	det_poss:the:her	11143
He is retired , so he is not worried about losing the job .	He is retired , so he is not worried about losing his job .	det_poss:the:his	11144
Consolidate the position without also sabotaging others ' chances of success .	Consolidate your position without also sabotaging others ' chances of success .	det_poss:the:your	11145
Last year , Easley and the son made maple tables for the holidays .	Last year , Easley and his son made maple tables for the holidays .	det_poss:the:his	11146
The university fees are $ 250 each semester .	My university fees are $ 250 each semester .	det_poss:the:my	11147
Mr. Gay 's enthusiasms and the insights are unevenly distributed .	Mr. Gay 's enthusiasms and his insights are unevenly distributed .	det_poss:the:his	11148
Eric York , 37 , was found dead in the home Nov. 2 .	Eric York , 37 , was found dead in his home Nov. 2 .	det_poss:the:his	11149
WASHINGTON , Oct. 24 - Hillary Rodham Clinton needs the rest .	WASHINGTON , Oct. 24 - Hillary Rodham Clinton needs her rest .	det_poss:the:her	11150
The horse is on the top of his game .	Our horse is on the top of his game .	det_poss:the:our	11151
The advice , now prophetic , got him the heave ho .	His advice , now prophetic , got him the heave ho .	det_poss:the:his	11152
The death made front-page news around the world .	His death made front-page news around the world .	det_poss:the:his	11153
He had kept working until the day before the death .	He had kept working until the day before his death .	det_poss:the:his	11154
Keep the senses about furniture .	Keep your senses about furniture .	det_poss:the:your	11155
The style was clear and straightforward , never contrived or flowery .	His style was clear and straightforward , never contrived or flowery .	det_poss:the:his	11156
Like the others , she takes private lessons and chooses the outfits carefully .	Like the others , she takes private lessons and chooses her outfits carefully .	det_poss:the:her	11157
Genealogists say that interviewing the relatives is a great way to get started .	Genealogists say that interviewing your relatives is a great way to get started .	det_poss:the:your	11158
Write the answers in the space provided .	Write your answers in the space provided .	det_poss:the:your	11159
She swooped him up into the arms and kissed him madly .	She swooped him up into her arms and kissed him madly .	det_poss:the:her	11160
The message is for both the youths and their families .	His message is for both the youths and their families .	det_poss:the:his	11161
A smile breaks the face .	A smile breaks his face .	det_poss:the:his	11162
She said she " nearly fainted " when police announced the arrest Friday .	She said she " nearly fainted " when police announced his arrest Friday .	det_poss:the:his	11163
CNN : The Web site is now self-sustaining financially , correct ?	CNN : Your Web site is now self-sustaining financially , correct ?	det_poss:the:your	11164
She shielded the face .	She shielded her face .	det_poss:the:her	11165
Other aspects of the policy for the Middle East region also remain unclear .	Other aspects of his policy for the Middle East region also remain unclear .	det_poss:the:his	11166
-- Is the partner involved in heavy alcohol or drug use ?	-- Is your partner involved in heavy alcohol or drug use ?	det_poss:the:your	11167
Every morning I walk into the bedroom and tell him good morning .	Every morning I walk into his bedroom and tell him good morning .	det_poss:the:his	11168
Around mid-afternoon , go back to the suite and recharge .	Around mid-afternoon , go back to your suite and recharge .	det_poss:the:your	11169
Ask for honest feedback from the supervisor , peers and subordinates .	Ask for honest feedback from your supervisor , peers and subordinates .	det_poss:the:your	11170
Try the plan to detox your home .	Try our plan to detox your home .	det_poss:the:our	11171
Hosp for the part was delighted with the result given the testing conditions .	Hosp for her part was delighted with the result given the testing conditions .	det_poss:the:her	11172
Friedgen declined to go into detail regarding the team 's injuries .	Friedgen declined to go into detail regarding his team 's injuries .	det_poss:the:his	11173
Emilio was the only finalist to play the entire season with the club .	Emilio was the only finalist to play the entire season with his club .	det_poss:the:his	11174
The newspaper is an implacable opponent of the government here .	His newspaper is an implacable opponent of the government here .	det_poss:the:his	11175
Thank you , Mr. Chairman , always , for the fairness .	Thank you , Mr. Chairman , always , for your fairness .	det_poss:the:your	11176
The job does not provide health coverage .	Her job does not provide health coverage .	det_poss:the:her	11177
The statues are part of the history in Inverness .	The statues are part of our history in Inverness .	det_poss:the:our	11178
Any modicum of humor in the waiter charade had by now evaporated .	Any modicum of humor in my waiter charade had by now evaporated .	det_poss:the:my	11179
The goal is to lift up America .	Our goal is to lift up America .	det_poss:the:our	11180
We are well into the twenties on the strategy .	We are well into the twenties on our strategy .	det_poss:the:our	11181
" " Remember those leaflets we used to collect before the election ?	" " Remember those leaflets we used to collect before her election ?	det_poss:the:her	11182
The partner doubles , and the next player raises to three clubs .	Your partner doubles , and the next player raises to three clubs .	det_poss:the:your	11183
Ms. Rever serves the tongue with a soufflé of carrots .	Ms. Rever serves her tongue with a soufflé of carrots .	det_poss:the:her	11184
The emissions are high , but do not forget who created this .	Our emissions are high , but do not forget who created this .	det_poss:the:our	11185
Then I get her ready for bed and get the dinner .	Then I get her ready for bed and get my dinner .	det_poss:the:my	11186
She said she was never closer to the house than the sidewalk .	She said she was never closer to his house than the sidewalk .	det_poss:the:his	11187
The abuser , meanwhile , had been a popular teacher and football coach .	Her abuser , meanwhile , had been a popular teacher and football coach .	det_poss:the:her	11188
The challenges are enormous .	His challenges are enormous .	det_poss:the:his	11189
Young says the cancellations are running about 40 percent - double normal levels .	Young says his cancellations are running about 40 percent - double normal levels .	det_poss:the:his	11190
Of 17 Supreme Court judges , 12 have been dismissed since the coup .	Of 17 Supreme Court judges , 12 have been dismissed since his coup .	det_poss:the:his	11191
He wanted more for the family , a place where they could connect .	He wanted more for his family , a place where they could connect .	det_poss:the:his	11192
She choked on the vomit , Magill said .	She choked on her vomit , Magill said .	det_poss:the:her	11193
More auditorially fascinating is the cassette-player by the bed .	More auditorially fascinating is the cassette-player by my bed .	det_poss:the:my	11194
It did not take long for either starter to show the youth .	It did not take long for either starter to show his youth .	det_poss:the:his	11195
He had not even been booked for the club for 14 months .	He had not even been booked for his club for 14 months .	det_poss:the:his	11196
She had a household cleaner poured down the throat and was later raped .	She had a household cleaner poured down her throat and was later raped .	det_poss:the:her	11197
And then , the idea to write a modern American " Buddenbrooks " .	And then , her idea to write a modern American " Buddenbrooks " .	det_poss:the:her	11198
They discovered records at the surgeries differed from the claims he had submitted .	They discovered records at his surgeries differed from the claims he had submitted .	det_poss:the:his	11199
Mr Patrushev said the agency had learned how to counter British intelligence .	Mr Patrushev said his agency had learned how to counter British intelligence .	det_poss:the:his	11200
Wounds to the head and back were not life-threatening .	Wounds to his head and back were not life-threatening .	det_poss:the:his	11201
Dunn 's homer was the 20th of the career at Wrigley Field .	Dunn 's homer was the 20th of his career at Wrigley Field .	det_poss:the:his	11202
The stuff should be on the record .	Our stuff should be on the record .	det_poss:the:our	11203
It is similar with the music .	It is similar with his music .	det_poss:the:his	11204
Santa would have at the side Skirts were all over the map .	Santa would have at his side Skirts were all over the map .	det_poss:the:his	11205
Besides the son , who lives in Cambridge , Mass .	Besides his son , who lives in Cambridge , Mass .	det_poss:the:his	11206
The solution was a twist on the superhero narratives he was also absorbing .	His solution was a twist on the superhero narratives he was also absorbing .	det_poss:the:his	11207
He said he had already apologized to the family .	He said he had already apologized to his family .	det_poss:the:his	11208
We are locking up too many people in the system here today .	We are locking up too many people in our system here today .	det_poss:the:our	11209
Now she has the chance to get the life right .	Now she has the chance to get her life right .	det_poss:the:her	11210
The club has since confirmed plans to retire the number 25 shirt .	The club has since confirmed plans to retire his number 25 shirt .	det_poss:the:his	11211
you will accomplish the goal .	you will accomplish your goal .	det_poss:the:your	11212
He and the cellmates longed to watch samurai dramas and baseball games .	He and his cellmates longed to watch samurai dramas and baseball games .	det_poss:the:his	11213
The shape of the eyes and face mirrored each other .	The shape of our eyes and face mirrored each other .	det_poss:the:our	11214
Wambach said the toe was fine but numb .	Wambach said her toe was fine but numb .	det_poss:the:her	11215
The successor is Sally Greenberg , formerly a senior attorney at Consumers Union .	Her successor is Sally Greenberg , formerly a senior attorney at Consumers Union .	det_poss:the:her	11216
The speed of the play was good .	The speed of our play was good .	det_poss:the:our	11217
The age was usually given as 81 .	Her age was usually given as 81 .	det_poss:the:her	11218
In the 20s , a turning calendar page brings excitement .	In your 20s , a turning calendar page brings excitement .	det_poss:the:your	11219
" It is the decision , " he said .	" It is his decision , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	11220
" The opinion is my opinion , " Roenick said .	" My opinion is my opinion , " Roenick said .	det_poss:the:my	11221
The occupation as an animator was signified by the bunny suit .	His occupation as an animator was signified by the bunny suit .	det_poss:the:his	11222
All of the pistons are firing at the same time .	All of our pistons are firing at the same time .	det_poss:the:our	11223
Deputy Prime Minister Ehud Olmert assumed the duties .	Deputy Prime Minister Ehud Olmert assumed his duties .	det_poss:the:his	11224
Throughout the time at Boomfield Road , Perry found the net regularly .	Throughout his time at Boomfield Road , Perry found the net regularly .	det_poss:the:his	11225
Six ways to ruin the night .	Six ways to ruin your night .	det_poss:the:your	11226
He likes Edwards ' personality and the family values .	He likes Edwards ' personality and his family values .	det_poss:the:his	11227
I have never been in Meredith 's house in the life .	I have never been in Meredith 's house in my life .	det_poss:the:my	11228
The coffee table is piled high with baked goods .	His coffee table is piled high with baked goods .	det_poss:the:his	11229
Lifesaver : Set the water heater to 120 degrees Fahrenheit .	Lifesaver : Set your water heater to 120 degrees Fahrenheit .	det_poss:the:your	11230
That was what ripped at the heart .	That was what ripped at my heart .	det_poss:the:my	11231
Visibly surprised , he told her she was in the prayers .	Visibly surprised , he told her she was in his prayers .	det_poss:the:his	11232
We use only 10 percent of the brains .	We use only 10 percent of our brains .	det_poss:the:our	11233
Aghahowa said it was evident that West and the son shared a bond .	Aghahowa said it was evident that West and her son shared a bond .	det_poss:the:her	11234
The tone told us all we needed to know .	His tone told us all we needed to know .	det_poss:the:his	11235
The hands had been on that back .	My hands had been on that back .	det_poss:the:my	11236
In 1983 Goldberg was knighted for the services to medicine .	In 1983 Goldberg was knighted for his services to medicine .	det_poss:the:his	11237
Are you hoping to see more of the designs become reality ?	Are you hoping to see more of your designs become reality ?	det_poss:the:your	11238
I mean , the life is on hold .	I mean , his life is on hold .	det_poss:the:his	11239
Levy has been under federal investigation for embellishing the Army service in Vietnam .	Levy has been under federal investigation for embellishing his Army service in Vietnam .	det_poss:the:his	11240
It also might be wise to leave the kids at home .	It also might be wise to leave your kids at home .	det_poss:the:your	11241
Well here is the chance .	Well here is your chance .	det_poss:the:your	11242
She was on the way home .	She was on her way home .	det_poss:the:her	11243
Dyer then dismissed the petition .	Dyer then dismissed her petition .	det_poss:the:her	11244
" " I love ORU with all the heart .	" " I love ORU with all my heart .	det_poss:the:my	11245
In the excitement , I broke the rules of the Jammer Club .	In my excitement , I broke the rules of the Jammer Club .	det_poss:the:my	11246
His dedicated recording of steam-hauled trains deserves more attention than the obituarist gave .	His dedicated recording of steam-hauled trains deserves more attention than your obituarist gave .	det_poss:the:your	11247
But thanks to David Cameron we have worked hard to change the Party .	But thanks to David Cameron we have worked hard to change our Party .	det_poss:the:our	11248
" It is hard , " the friend says .	" It is hard , " my friend says .	det_poss:the:my	11249
We acquired a player who had an opt-out in the contract .	We acquired a player who had an opt-out in his contract .	det_poss:the:his	11250
Despite these changes , the source of all the blessings remains the same .	Despite these changes , the source of all our blessings remains the same .	det_poss:the:our	11251
He wipes an imaginary piece of paper across the backside .	He wipes an imaginary piece of paper across his backside .	det_poss:the:his	11252
It has got out of control the way it has affected the kidneys .	It has got out of control the way it has affected his kidneys .	det_poss:the:his	11253
I could not take the mind off the survey question .	I could not take my mind off the survey question .	det_poss:the:my	11254
The appeal is pending with the Beijing No. 1 Intermediate Court .	His appeal is pending with the Beijing No. 1 Intermediate Court .	det_poss:the:his	11255
Tell the doctor about all of the medicines you are taking .	Tell your doctor about all of the medicines you are taking .	det_poss:the:your	11256
He would give only the surname , Sun .	He would give only his surname , Sun .	det_poss:the:his	11257
Many thought the homecoming would never come .	Many thought her homecoming would never come .	det_poss:the:her	11258
We could present the slides or show off new products .	We could present our slides or show off new products .	det_poss:the:our	11259
He said he was teased often about the appearance .	He said he was teased often about his appearance .	det_poss:the:his	11260
Noticing the unexpected , though , might save the life .	Noticing the unexpected , though , might save your life .	det_poss:the:your	11261
He was fined $ 10,000 and kept the law license .	He was fined $ 10,000 and kept his law license .	det_poss:the:his	11262
Crowds gathered around the vehicle before it sped away .	Crowds gathered around her vehicle before it sped away .	det_poss:the:her	11263
In the mind , you flick a switch and it is done .	In his mind , you flick a switch and it is done .	det_poss:the:his	11264
" Say the laptop is lost or stolen , " Moro explains .	" Say your laptop is lost or stolen , " Moro explains .	det_poss:the:your	11265
She is just learned that Pilates can add an inch to the height .	She is just learned that Pilates can add an inch to your height .	det_poss:the:your	11266
Anti-abortion message projected Dunleavy split the lip in the first quarter .	Anti-abortion message projected Dunleavy split his lip in the first quarter .	det_poss:the:his	11267
Test the knowledge of cockroaches with this quiz .	Test your knowledge of cockroaches with this quiz .	det_poss:the:your	11268
The task used to be really , really easy .	Her task used to be really , really easy .	det_poss:the:her	11269
But he said he is not irritated that Leinart had aired the feelings .	But he said he is not irritated that Leinart had aired his feelings .	det_poss:the:his	11270
I do not mean the appearance .	I do not mean her appearance .	det_poss:the:her	11271
Do not keep firearms easily accessible in the home .	Do not keep firearms easily accessible in your home .	det_poss:the:your	11272
A host of potential Indian suitors will be watching the progress with interest .	A host of potential Indian suitors will be watching his progress with interest .	det_poss:the:his	11273
Court stories caught the interest throughout 2007 .	Court stories caught your interest throughout 2007 .	det_poss:the:your	11274
Then there is the idea for urban windmills .	Then there is her idea for urban windmills .	det_poss:the:her	11275
That is been the goal in every pool game .	That is been our goal in every pool game .	det_poss:the:our	11276
She says the life in Putnam Valley has been solitary .	She says her life in Putnam Valley has been solitary .	det_poss:the:her	11277
Coming in , the save percentage lifetime against Buffalo was just .865 .	Coming in , his save percentage lifetime against Buffalo was just .865 .	det_poss:the:his	11278
He led the heart ace , then gave the partner a heart ruff .	He led the heart ace , then gave his partner a heart ruff .	det_poss:the:his	11279
The story begins a decade ago with a devastating loss .	Her story begins a decade ago with a devastating loss .	det_poss:the:her	11280
Ward volleyed that the starter should not lose the role due to injury .	Ward volleyed that the starter should not lose his role due to injury .	det_poss:the:his	11281
So I change the frame of mind .	So I change my frame of mind .	det_poss:the:my	11282
How Can I Tell The Boss S / he is Wrong ?	How Can I Tell My Boss S / he is Wrong ?	det_poss:the:my	11283
We did not pass it to the children in the bloodstream .	We did not pass it to our children in the bloodstream .	det_poss:the:our	11284
John McCain held on to the principles and defended them with dignity .	John McCain held on to his principles and defended them with dignity .	det_poss:the:his	11285
It seemed that God , not man , would decide the fate .	It seemed that God , not man , would decide his fate .	det_poss:the:his	11286
Kuznetsova , Chakvetadze Win at U.S. Open They broke the head .	Kuznetsova , Chakvetadze Win at U.S. Open They broke her head .	det_poss:the:her	11287
So far , the instincts and conviction have been thrillingly vindicated .	So far , his instincts and conviction have been thrillingly vindicated .	det_poss:the:his	11288
More than $ 6m of the assets have been frozen .	More than $ 6m of his assets have been frozen .	det_poss:the:his	11289
That is what the goal is .	That is what my goal is .	det_poss:the:my	11290
¶ If the insurance requires preauthorization for elective surgeries or other services .	¶ If your insurance requires preauthorization for elective surgeries or other services .	det_poss:the:your	11291
The birthday is Friday , Oct. 26 .	Her birthday is Friday , Oct. 26 .	det_poss:the:her	11292
It is the world , bitches .	It is her world , bitches .	det_poss:the:her	11293
Another top candidate is the rival , ANC Deputy President Jacob Zuma .	Another top candidate is his rival , ANC Deputy President Jacob Zuma .	det_poss:the:his	11294
She was just 21 , he twice the age .	She was just 21 , he twice her age .	det_poss:the:her	11295
Anaheim 4 , Los Angeles 1 Byrd shouted , hammering the gavel violently .	Anaheim 4 , Los Angeles 1 Byrd shouted , hammering his gavel violently .	det_poss:the:his	11296
I remember watching the lunar landing with the grandfather .	I remember watching the lunar landing with my grandfather .	det_poss:the:my	11297
The sons tell me this - especially Javier .	My sons tell me this - especially Javier .	det_poss:the:my	11298
At the peak , she won $ 13,000 .	At her peak , she won $ 13,000 .	det_poss:the:her	11299
It is not clear how long the senator has known of the condition .	It is not clear how long the senator has known of his condition .	det_poss:the:his	11300
What are the thoughts and feelings regarding this tragedy ?	What are your thoughts and feelings regarding this tragedy ?	det_poss:the:your	11301
Frank Butler : I can drink the liquor faster than a flicker .	Frank Butler : I can drink my liquor faster than a flicker .	det_poss:the:my	11302
The slider mechanism opens a tad too easily in the opinion .	The slider mechanism opens a tad too easily in my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	11303
" Oh the God , " cries a teen boy .	" Oh my God , " cries a teen boy .	det_poss:the:my	11304
Is she done dropping the babies and back to dropping pop hits ?	Is she done dropping her babies and back to dropping pop hits ?	det_poss:the:her	11305
Protect the checks .	Protect your checks .	det_poss:the:your	11306
A statue on the village green commemorates the life and heroism .	A statue on the village green commemorates his life and heroism .	det_poss:the:his	11307
Still , the famously angst-ridden Phillies fans seemed hopeful at the appearance .	Still , the famously angst-ridden Phillies fans seemed hopeful at his appearance .	det_poss:the:his	11308
It is right on the doorstep ?	It is right on your doorstep ?	det_poss:the:your	11309
This is the life .	This is my life .	det_poss:the:my	11310
The epic treks became legendary .	His epic treks became legendary .	det_poss:the:his	11311
It will be with all of us the rest of the lives .	It will be with all of us the rest of our lives .	det_poss:the:our	11312
Edwards underlined the value by setting up another chance minutes later .	Edwards underlined his value by setting up another chance minutes later .	det_poss:the:his	11313
If Barack Obama wins , he will welcome all into the administration .	If Barack Obama wins , he will welcome all into his administration .	det_poss:the:his	11314
On the shelves of the office sit beanbags in the shapes of microbes .	On the shelves of her office sit beanbags in the shapes of microbes .	det_poss:the:her	11315
The handiwork is all over the United States .	His handiwork is all over the United States .	det_poss:the:his	11316
The partner Brad Pitt later applied to become their adoptive father .	Her partner Brad Pitt later applied to become their adoptive father .	det_poss:the:her	11317
The cause was heart failure , said the daughter Jennifer Morgan .	The cause was heart failure , said his daughter Jennifer Morgan .	det_poss:the:his	11318
By doing so , you honor the right to be an autonomous person .	By doing so , you honor his right to be an autonomous person .	det_poss:the:his	11319
Most of the relatives have died or moved , he said .	Most of his relatives have died or moved , he said .	det_poss:the:his	11320
But Mr Hu is not in favour of elections for the job .	But Mr Hu is not in favour of elections for his job .	det_poss:the:his	11321
We are very focused on addressing the issues in Canada .	We are very focused on addressing our issues in Canada .	det_poss:the:our	11322
Ms Brown is also looking for a publisher for the memoir .	Ms Brown is also looking for a publisher for her memoir .	det_poss:the:her	11323
The thought as you run from the bear is to reach the car .	Your thought as you run from the bear is to reach the car .	det_poss:the:your	11324
Giuliani has repeated questionable claims on the campaign trail and in the advertisements .	Giuliani has repeated questionable claims on the campaign trail and in his advertisements .	det_poss:the:his	11325
That could all change this season if McKeown has the way .	That could all change this season if McKeown has his way .	det_poss:the:his	11326
" You 're constantly washing the hands , " she said .	" You 're constantly washing your hands , " she said .	det_poss:the:your	11327
But you work the way through it and you move on .	But you work your way through it and you move on .	det_poss:the:your	11328
" I had bought it for the grandson , " the senator said .	" I had bought it for my grandson , " the senator said .	det_poss:the:my	11329
" It is part of the history , " Nolte said .	" It is part of our history , " Nolte said .	det_poss:the:our	11330
He understands the game and I understand what he is trying to say .	He understands my game and I understand what he is trying to say .	det_poss:the:my	11331
Arcade workers replayed the video after the worker discovered the purse was gone .	Arcade workers replayed the video after the worker discovered her purse was gone .	det_poss:the:her	11332
So I split the contributions 50 / 50 between stocks and bonds .	So I split my contributions 50 / 50 between stocks and bonds .	det_poss:the:my	11333
Despite the doubts , Pless decided to do something .	Despite her doubts , Pless decided to do something .	det_poss:the:her	11334
It was where the generation 's wiring was soldered into place .	It was where my generation 's wiring was soldered into place .	det_poss:the:my	11335
The police , we will just do the job .	The police , we will just do our job .	det_poss:the:our	11336
" No , that is the job , " he said .	" No , that is my job , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	11337
Nelson scored K-State 's first touchdown , and the second was a dagger .	Nelson scored K-State 's first touchdown , and his second was a dagger .	det_poss:the:his	11338
The colleague and I are looking for cars whose shape we really like .	My colleague and I are looking for cars whose shape we really like .	det_poss:the:my	11339
I have taken an additional cabin for the luggage .	I have taken an additional cabin for our luggage .	det_poss:the:our	11340
One of the problems is that the abbey is not a museum .	One of our problems is that the abbey is not a museum .	det_poss:the:our	11341
Anyone who raises the hand fails because he is playing it safe .	Anyone who raises his hand fails because he is playing it safe .	det_poss:the:his	11342
I felt the quality of the life would be better with prosthetics .	I felt the quality of my life would be better with prosthetics .	det_poss:the:my	11343
The fact that she was the cousin was not taken into consideration .	The fact that she was my cousin was not taken into consideration .	det_poss:the:my	11344
I was with one of the sisters .	I was with one of my sisters .	det_poss:the:my	11345
She must drive an hour-and-a-half home every other week for the treatments .	She must drive an hour-and-a-half home every other week for her treatments .	det_poss:the:her	11346
" I am gritting the teeth , " he said .	" I am gritting my teeth , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	11347
She earned enough money to bring the children over from Hong Kong .	She earned enough money to bring her children over from Hong Kong .	det_poss:the:her	11348
I will discuss the changes the strategy has brought to Iraq .	I will discuss the changes our strategy has brought to Iraq .	det_poss:the:our	11349
All that will factor into the decision-making .	All that will factor into our decision-making .	det_poss:the:our	11350
To match the hips .	To match my hips .	det_poss:the:my	11351
He offered short answers , the words dripping with frustration .	He offered short answers , his words dripping with frustration .	det_poss:the:his	11352
He said being a police officer was the dream job .	He said being a police officer was his dream job .	det_poss:the:his	11353
Frye is excited about a chance to resurrect the career .	Frye is excited about a chance to resurrect his career .	det_poss:the:his	11354
Some of the non-water works will be on display as well .	Some of her non-water works will be on display as well .	det_poss:the:her	11355
Keep the seatbelts fastened .	Keep your seatbelts fastened .	det_poss:the:your	11356
The rat had been deserted by the sinking ship .	The rat had been deserted by his sinking ship .	det_poss:the:his	11357
Prosecutor Brock Belnap hugs the star witness , Elissa Wall , in court .	Prosecutor Brock Belnap hugs his star witness , Elissa Wall , in court .	det_poss:the:his	11358
You spend the time upfront so that the treatment plan is not generic .	You spend the time upfront so that your treatment plan is not generic .	det_poss:the:your	11359
Pichushkin remarked to this from the cage .	Pichushkin remarked to this from his cage .	det_poss:the:his	11360
They also said Davis is angry about how the party selects candidates .	They also said Davis is angry about how his party selects candidates .	det_poss:the:his	11361
That was the job .	That was my job .	det_poss:the:my	11362
celebrates the arrival at the 60th anniversary of independent India .	celebrates our arrival at the 60th anniversary of independent India .	det_poss:the:our	11363
I have also recently started doing this for the shoulder .	I have also recently started doing this for my shoulder .	det_poss:the:my	11364
Homo economicus would accept any division in which the share was not zero .	Homo economicus would accept any division in which his share was not zero .	det_poss:the:his	11365
" I said to him , " This is the life now .	" I said to him , " This is my life now .	det_poss:the:my	11366
But if they are on the MySpace page , she hates them .	But if they are on my MySpace page , she hates them .	det_poss:the:my	11367
Bernard Hogan-Howe said the officers were confident that the killer would be found .	Bernard Hogan-Howe said his officers were confident that the killer would be found .	det_poss:the:his	11368
But I cannot get over the desires .	But I cannot get over my desires .	det_poss:the:my	11369
We are talking about protecting the security from the danger of nuclear proliferation .	We are talking about protecting our security from the danger of nuclear proliferation .	det_poss:the:our	11370
Where does he get the advice ?	Where does he get his advice ?	det_poss:the:his	11371
The man they are looking is believed to be in the 30s .	The man they are looking is believed to be in his 30s .	det_poss:the:his	11372
" That is the measure , " she said .	" That is my measure , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	11373
Lawyer Johnnie Cochran successfully argued for the reinstatement .	Lawyer Johnnie Cochran successfully argued for her reinstatement .	det_poss:the:her	11374
Nacchio and the lawyer , Herbert Stern , failed to return calls .	Nacchio and his lawyer , Herbert Stern , failed to return calls .	det_poss:the:his	11375
The comments were released by the European Commission .	His comments were released by the European Commission .	det_poss:the:his	11376
He extended the hands , palms down , for my inspection and smiled .	He extended his hands , palms down , for my inspection and smiled .	det_poss:the:his	11377
But really , the eyes look only ahead .	But really , our eyes look only ahead .	det_poss:the:our	11378
But when The Holiness took the stage the real reverence began .	But when His Holiness took the stage the real reverence began .	det_poss:the:his	11379
" The nerd part was my secret identity , " he says .	" My nerd part was my secret identity , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	11380
After then the officers will be enforcing the rules fairly but robustly .	After then our officers will be enforcing the rules fairly but robustly .	det_poss:the:our	11381
" The swing and ball striking has improved , " Scott said .	" My swing and ball striking has improved , " Scott said .	det_poss:the:my	11382
The defense argued that is what caused the death .	The defense argued that is what caused his death .	det_poss:the:his	11383
She pauses to contemplate when asked what the relationship is with the community .	She pauses to contemplate when asked what her relationship is with the community .	det_poss:the:her	11384
She carries the office purse and a red gym bag .	She carries her office purse and a red gym bag .	det_poss:the:her	11385
Couch potatoes , start the engines .	Couch potatoes , start your engines .	det_poss:the:your	11386
He did not wish to jostle the liquor .	He did not wish to jostle his liquor .	det_poss:the:his	11387
The arrest came just days after she made her touring comeback in Berlin .	Her arrest came just days after she made her touring comeback in Berlin .	det_poss:the:her	11388
I would be leaving the hometown of Ft .	I would be leaving my hometown of Ft .	det_poss:the:my	11389
One by one we made the way onto Stella Point 's plateau .	One by one we made our way onto Stella Point 's plateau .	det_poss:the:our	11390
The resignation was effective Dec. 19 .	His resignation was effective Dec. 19 .	det_poss:the:his	11391
That was not the goal .	That was not his goal .	det_poss:the:his	11392
Please include the address and daytime telephone number .	Please include your address and daytime telephone number .	det_poss:the:your	11393
What is the opinion on an 80-year-old putting money in a fixed annuity ?	What is your opinion on an 80-year-old putting money in a fixed annuity ?	det_poss:the:your	11394
I just enjoy the company , man .	I just enjoy his company , man .	det_poss:the:his	11395
The clients want explanations as to what has led to this situation .	My clients want explanations as to what has led to this situation .	det_poss:the:my	11396
Edwards and the team had appealed the original ruling .	Edwards and his team had appealed the original ruling .	det_poss:the:his	11397
McCurdy said the group may appeal the decision .	McCurdy said his group may appeal the decision .	det_poss:the:his	11398
The memories are my most valuable possessions .	My memories are my most valuable possessions .	det_poss:the:my	11399
Recording puts the world on notice of the agreement .	Recording puts the world on notice of your agreement .	det_poss:the:your	11400
Adam shakes the head .	Adam shakes his head .	det_poss:the:his	11401
They look at what the troops are alleged to be doing in Afghanistan .	They look at what our troops are alleged to be doing in Afghanistan .	det_poss:the:our	11402
The teammates did not know Simon had been contemplating retirement .	His teammates did not know Simon had been contemplating retirement .	det_poss:the:his	11403
Jocelyn and Jon Cornbleet said they will continue to fight for the extradition .	Jocelyn and Jon Cornbleet said they will continue to fight for his extradition .	det_poss:the:his	11404
The fate of Bonds 's record-tieing ball is also in the hands .	The fate of Bonds 's record-tieing ball is also in your hands .	det_poss:the:your	11405
Partington said the resemblance between the dead man and the son was remarkable .	Partington said the resemblance between the dead man and her son was remarkable .	det_poss:the:her	11406
The dinner , including steak tartare and roasted chicken , was excellent .	My dinner , including steak tartare and roasted chicken , was excellent .	det_poss:the:my	11407
Crawford Out With Hand Injury One of the sons was wounded .	Crawford Out With Hand Injury One of his sons was wounded .	det_poss:the:his	11408
He was followed quickly by the campaign 's research director and the deputy .	He was followed quickly by the campaign 's research director and his deputy .	det_poss:the:his	11409
The thoughts are with her husband , children and friends .	Our thoughts are with her husband , children and friends .	det_poss:the:our	11410
Even when confronting the friend , do not follow in her negative footsteps .	Even when confronting your friend , do not follow in her negative footsteps .	det_poss:the:your	11411
He will meet a trustee and divulge information about the assets and debts .	He will meet a trustee and divulge information about his assets and debts .	det_poss:the:his	11412
Litvinenko blamed Putin for both the poisoning and the murder of Politkovskaya .	Litvinenko blamed Putin for both his poisoning and the murder of Politkovskaya .	det_poss:the:his	11413
Is it a violation of the privacy ?	Is it a violation of his privacy ?	det_poss:the:his	11414
It even asked for the code on the back on the credit card .	It even asked for the code on the back on his credit card .	det_poss:the:his	11415
He rubs medicated lotion onto the back and arms .	He rubs medicated lotion onto her back and arms .	det_poss:the:her	11416
I was 23 , and totally in over the head .	I was 23 , and totally in over my head .	det_poss:the:my	11417
And the doubts came flooding back .	And my doubts came flooding back .	det_poss:the:my	11418
Her sister lost 30 pounds and controlled the diabetes .	Her sister lost 30 pounds and controlled her diabetes .	det_poss:the:her	11419
He gestures at the luggage as they appear to be talking to him .	He gestures at his luggage as they appear to be talking to him .	det_poss:the:his	11420
The request was refused and he resigned .	His request was refused and he resigned .	det_poss:the:his	11421
Venus is a picture of concentration on the way to victory over Molik .	Venus is a picture of concentration on her way to victory over Molik .	det_poss:the:her	11422
Through nearly six years of war , the troops have performed magnificently .	Through nearly six years of war , our troops have performed magnificently .	det_poss:the:our	11423
That is where Jacobs hopes to surprise with the speed .	That is where Jacobs hopes to surprise with his speed .	det_poss:the:his	11424
I used to love the work .	I used to love my work .	det_poss:the:my	11425
Eriksson was left rueing a slipshod defensive performance from the side .	Eriksson was left rueing a slipshod defensive performance from his side .	det_poss:the:his	11426
Needs improvement Cameron Mathison started the night whining about the schedule again .	Needs improvement Cameron Mathison started the night whining about his schedule again .	det_poss:the:his	11427
Software They arrived at the house , separately , a week later .	Software They arrived at her house , separately , a week later .	det_poss:the:her	11428
The arraignment is pending .	His arraignment is pending .	det_poss:the:his	11429
The store is close to the off-campus apartment .	The store is close to her off-campus apartment .	det_poss:the:her	11430
You back the players to be able to adapt on the day .	You back your players to be able to adapt on the day .	det_poss:the:your	11431
Mr Brown omitted the inheritance tax plan on the Sunday before the Budget .	Mr Brown omitted his inheritance tax plan on the Sunday before the Budget .	det_poss:the:his	11432
To encourage sales , the agency is offering property auctions .	To encourage sales , her agency is offering property auctions .	det_poss:the:her	11433
Take the choice .	Take your choice .	det_poss:the:your	11434
Hold the tongue .	Hold your tongue .	det_poss:the:your	11435
Bush and the team also held a farewell party for Karl Rove .	Bush and his team also held a farewell party for Karl Rove .	det_poss:the:his	11436
The wounds were not life-threatening , The A.P. said .	His wounds were not life-threatening , The A.P. said .	det_poss:the:his	11437
Duffy did not return calls to the office .	Duffy did not return calls to his office .	det_poss:the:his	11438
I try to change with the children .	I try to change with my children .	det_poss:the:my	11439
Jessie and the family will also be on site for the Philadelphia event .	Jessie and her family will also be on site for the Philadelphia event .	det_poss:the:her	11440
My dad has had a problem with every one of the girlfriends .	My dad has had a problem with every one of my girlfriends .	det_poss:the:my	11441
There are two general rules for assessing the ability to support a mortgage .	There are two general rules for assessing your ability to support a mortgage .	det_poss:the:your	11442
I still maintain something happened to the bones .	I still maintain something happened to my bones .	det_poss:the:my	11443
What is the view on this issue ?	What is your view on this issue ?	det_poss:the:your	11444
And you pay for it for the rest of the life .	And you pay for it for the rest of your life .	det_poss:the:your	11445
Who would be the player of the series ?	Who would be your player of the series ?	det_poss:the:your	11446
That is when Bradshaw made the burst and Webster followed with another touchdown .	That is when Bradshaw made his burst and Webster followed with another touchdown .	det_poss:the:his	11447
" The life has not slowed down , " he said .	" My life has not slowed down , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	11448
Against Maryland , Mercer and the teammates were poised .	Against Maryland , Mercer and his teammates were poised .	det_poss:the:his	11449
What do not we know about the spouse ?	What do not we know about your spouse ?	det_poss:the:your	11450
I do not condone the behavior .	I do not condone my behavior .	det_poss:the:my	11451
And the label made it happen so I definitely love them for that .	And my label made it happen so I definitely love them for that .	det_poss:the:my	11452
I now am obsessed with micromanaging the money .	I now am obsessed with micromanaging our money .	det_poss:the:our	11453
Rhee has attended community meetings to discuss the closings plan with residents .	Rhee has attended community meetings to discuss her closings plan with residents .	det_poss:the:her	11454
And turn softer , turn half circle , and turn the body .	And turn softer , turn half circle , and turn your body .	det_poss:the:your	11455
Police did not release the name , pending notification of family members .	Police did not release his name , pending notification of family members .	det_poss:the:his	11456
I love you with all of the heart and more .	I love you with all of my heart and more .	det_poss:the:my	11457
The poison , my love , was speed .	My poison , my love , was speed .	det_poss:the:my	11458
Free-agent signee Michael Peca made the Columbus debut .	Free-agent signee Michael Peca made his Columbus debut .	det_poss:the:his	11459
The government begins work on a major nationalization programme .	His government begins work on a major nationalization programme .	det_poss:the:his	11460
Some 20 in the unit were wounded , and one died .	Some 20 in his unit were wounded , and one died .	det_poss:the:his	11461
Unlike the aunts , Gordon 's mother 's friends are supportive and kind .	Unlike her aunts , Gordon 's mother 's friends are supportive and kind .	det_poss:the:her	11462
They all stumbled out of the house , totally mesmerised by the experience .	They all stumbled out of his house , totally mesmerised by the experience .	det_poss:the:his	11463
Taylor consciously worked to cast aside the accolades and blend in during preseason .	Taylor consciously worked to cast aside his accolades and blend in during preseason .	det_poss:the:his	11464
But the admirers say the campaign still relies on him .	But his admirers say the campaign still relies on him .	det_poss:the:his	11465
He said the son was not capable of taking medicine himself .	He said his son was not capable of taking medicine himself .	det_poss:the:his	11466
Now , the star has risen a bit .	Now , his star has risen a bit .	det_poss:the:his	11467
Mr. Wyckoff said there were four Edsels at the wedding , in 1978 .	Mr. Wyckoff said there were four Edsels at his wedding , in 1978 .	det_poss:the:his	11468
Mr Gillies understood more by the question than I knew it contained .	Mr Gillies understood more by my question than I knew it contained .	det_poss:the:my	11469
A spokeswoman for Vienna 's Wilhelmina Clinic confirmed the death without giving details .	A spokeswoman for Vienna 's Wilhelmina Clinic confirmed his death without giving details .	det_poss:the:his	11470
" Assess whether the pet has weight problem , " said Hohenhaus .	" Assess whether your pet has weight problem , " said Hohenhaus .	det_poss:the:your	11471
Scothorne proved a strong influence on those who passed through the departments .	Scothorne proved a strong influence on those who passed through his departments .	det_poss:the:his	11472
The friend bought a coffee there for 25 cents .	My friend bought a coffee there for 25 cents .	det_poss:the:my	11473
The lives are more and more determined by forces that overwhelm the individual .	Our lives are more and more determined by forces that overwhelm the individual .	det_poss:the:our	11474
Yet the wounds evidently continued to torment him .	Yet his wounds evidently continued to torment him .	det_poss:the:his	11475
Add the comments to this story using the form below .	Add your comments to this story using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	11476
But as time passed , the perspective shifted .	But as time passed , my perspective shifted .	det_poss:the:my	11477
How do we judge a college , the friend .	How do we judge a college , my friend .	det_poss:the:my	11478
Did Vanderjagt lose the nerve ?	Did Vanderjagt lose his nerve ?	det_poss:the:his	11479
" The arm was great , " Clemens said .	" My arm was great , " Clemens said .	det_poss:the:my	11480
President Bush stood behind the EPA administrator .	President Bush stood behind his EPA administrator .	det_poss:the:his	11481
Once in power Mr Kibaki changed the mind .	Once in power Mr Kibaki changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	11482
The president 's broader advocacy of liberty is a staple of the speeches .	The president 's broader advocacy of liberty is a staple of his speeches .	det_poss:the:his	11483
Which tests are given in the child 's grade ?	Which tests are given in my child 's grade ?	det_poss:the:my	11484
I do not like staying in the office .	I do not like staying in my office .	det_poss:the:my	11485
But she kept trying to meet the obligation .	But she kept trying to meet her obligation .	det_poss:the:her	11486
Without defining the terms , this is a meaningless statement .	Without defining his terms , this is a meaningless statement .	det_poss:the:his	11487
She buried the face in a blue cushion and cried .	She buried her face in a blue cushion and cried .	det_poss:the:her	11488
The GP diagnosed work-related stress and gave me a sicknote for two weeks .	My GP diagnosed work-related stress and gave me a sicknote for two weeks .	det_poss:the:my	11489
The reasons for the abduction and release remained unclear .	The reasons for his abduction and release remained unclear .	det_poss:the:his	11490
We need to focus on reshaping the society .	We need to focus on reshaping our society .	det_poss:the:our	11491
The appearances are uploaded on YouTube .	His appearances are uploaded on YouTube .	det_poss:the:his	11492
I have made the position very clear .	I have made my position very clear .	det_poss:the:my	11493
The heart raced ; it was Hillary .	Her heart raced ; it was Hillary .	det_poss:the:her	11494
Perhaps the organization can invest in linguistic training for you ?	Perhaps your organization can invest in linguistic training for you ?	det_poss:the:your	11495
The body has never been found .	Her body has never been found .	det_poss:the:her	11496
He did not help the cause following a poor performance in pregame warmups .	He did not help his cause following a poor performance in pregame warmups .	det_poss:the:his	11497
" The leadership is apparent , " the president wrote .	" Your leadership is apparent , " the president wrote .	det_poss:the:your	11498
That was the boy 's room .	That was my boy 's room .	det_poss:the:my	11499
It captures the working class hero , but minus the trademark cigarette .	It captures the working class hero , but minus his trademark cigarette .	det_poss:the:his	11500
Slip an slide the way around the top 10 ice-skating rinks .	Slip an slide your way around the top 10 ice-skating rinks .	det_poss:the:your	11501
They kept him around and , finally , Ward is getting the chance .	They kept him around and , finally , Ward is getting his chance .	det_poss:the:his	11502
The comments were broadcast on Pakistani television .	Her comments were broadcast on Pakistani television .	det_poss:the:her	11503
1 , when he announced the intention to resign by month 's end .	1 , when he announced his intention to resign by month 's end .	det_poss:the:his	11504
Then he pulls out the Taser .	Then he pulls out his Taser .	det_poss:the:his	11505
The assumptions are specific to the East Coast of America .	His assumptions are specific to the East Coast of America .	det_poss:the:his	11506
He was throwing the pen down .	He was throwing his pen down .	det_poss:the:his	11507
For the last year she has dipped into savings to pay the mortgage .	For the last year she has dipped into savings to pay her mortgage .	det_poss:the:her	11508
It was very difficult hiding the affections in a place that bans love .	It was very difficult hiding our affections in a place that bans love .	det_poss:the:our	11509
Keeping the feet relatively close to the ground in a mad world .	Keeping my feet relatively close to the ground in a mad world .	det_poss:the:my	11510
The sources seem relatively thin .	His sources seem relatively thin .	det_poss:the:his	11511
Diligent and dedicated , he knows the stuff .	Diligent and dedicated , he knows his stuff .	det_poss:the:his	11512
And that is the gut feeling !	And that is my gut feeling !	det_poss:the:my	11513
An accident at work in December crushed the legs .	An accident at work in December crushed his legs .	det_poss:the:his	11514
, and spent most of the boyhood in Miami .	, and spent most of his boyhood in Miami .	det_poss:the:his	11515
Ms. Storr sees nothing particularly sexist about the career .	Ms. Storr sees nothing particularly sexist about her career .	det_poss:the:her	11516
And those are the things that are going to dominate the thinking .	And those are the things that are going to dominate his thinking .	det_poss:the:his	11517
After the session , Cizik took on the critics with confidence .	After the session , Cizik took on his critics with confidence .	det_poss:the:his	11518
Give yourself some time to feel the gut and mind responding .	Give yourself some time to feel your gut and mind responding .	det_poss:the:your	11519
At this point , the decision remains .	At this point , our decision remains .	det_poss:the:our	11520
The face cracked the occasional smile .	His face cracked the occasional smile .	det_poss:the:his	11521
He left the girlfriend and baby son - that much is clear .	He left his girlfriend and baby son - that much is clear .	det_poss:the:his	11522
The family still owns and controls the sportscar company .	His family still owns and controls the sportscar company .	det_poss:the:his	11523
He is been nothing but disruptive , assaulting the staff .	He is been nothing but disruptive , assaulting our staff .	det_poss:the:our	11524
And Mr. Bush , master of the malapropism , gave the critics fodder .	And Mr. Bush , master of the malapropism , gave his critics fodder .	det_poss:the:his	11525
The career is filled with box-office money makers .	His career is filled with box-office money makers .	det_poss:the:his	11526
She also opted not to exchange gifts with the family .	She also opted not to exchange gifts with her family .	det_poss:the:her	11527
The subjects will not have that pasty , sick look anymore .	Your subjects will not have that pasty , sick look anymore .	det_poss:the:your	11528
The bullet passed through the leg but it missed the artery .	The bullet passed through his leg but it missed the artery .	det_poss:the:his	11529
And the manager himself is comfortable with the position .	And the manager himself is comfortable with his position .	det_poss:the:his	11530
The girlfriend and I have been together for two years .	My girlfriend and I have been together for two years .	det_poss:the:my	11531
For the part , Linda remains mum on the whole daddy issue .	For her part , Linda remains mum on the whole daddy issue .	det_poss:the:her	11532
Devlin declined to speak about the plea in court .	Devlin declined to speak about his plea in court .	det_poss:the:his	11533
He wore a blue business suit rather than the general 's uniform .	He wore a blue business suit rather than his general 's uniform .	det_poss:the:his	11534
a disciplinary investigation was launched against Mr Gardiner which led to the resignation .	a disciplinary investigation was launched against Mr Gardiner which led to his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	11535
The parties followed suit .	His parties followed suit .	det_poss:the:his	11536
But not all of the collection went to auction .	But not all of his collection went to auction .	det_poss:the:his	11537
We sat in the room together quite silent and uneasy .	We sat in our room together quite silent and uneasy .	det_poss:the:our	11538
And the grades in high school reflected that .	And my grades in high school reflected that .	det_poss:the:my	11539
The genre skipping began at a tender age .	His genre skipping began at a tender age .	det_poss:the:his	11540
Gago and the staff try to teach people about their own wines .	Gago and his staff try to teach people about their own wines .	det_poss:the:his	11541
What were the experiences of working the famed Shaw brothers ?	What were your experiences of working the famed Shaw brothers ?	det_poss:the:your	11542
The bizarre turn of events had even CNN 's King scratching the head .	The bizarre turn of events had even CNN 's King scratching his head .	det_poss:the:his	11543
Much of the work was destroyed in the bombing of Warsaw .	Much of his work was destroyed in the bombing of Warsaw .	det_poss:the:his	11544
Jon Lester earned the plaudits from the team-mates after a masterful pitching performance .	Jon Lester earned the plaudits from his team-mates after a masterful pitching performance .	det_poss:the:his	11545
The answers just were not making sense .	His answers just were not making sense .	det_poss:the:his	11546
" The victim is a victim , " he said at police headquarters .	" Our victim is a victim , " he said at police headquarters .	det_poss:the:our	11547
We wish him and the family the best of luck in San Diego .	We wish him and his family the best of luck in San Diego .	det_poss:the:his	11548
Mr Healy suffered seven stab wounds to the head and body .	Mr Healy suffered seven stab wounds to his head and body .	det_poss:the:his	11549
So a new leadership concept is now being put forward by the supporters .	So a new leadership concept is now being put forward by his supporters .	det_poss:the:his	11550
I missed the team .	I missed my team .	det_poss:the:my	11551
But as a parent , that is none of the concern .	But as a parent , that is none of my concern .	det_poss:the:my	11552
I am just doing the job .	I am just doing my job .	det_poss:the:my	11553
Visit the Web site at www.debcaletti.com for more information .	Visit her Web site at www.debcaletti.com for more information .	det_poss:the:her	11554
Ford had the back to the man .	Ford had his back to the man .	det_poss:the:his	11555
Coach Tom Soehn believes a smoother surface will benefit the club .	Coach Tom Soehn believes a smoother surface will benefit his club .	det_poss:the:his	11556
One report suggested that the wrists were bandaged upon admittance .	One report suggested that his wrists were bandaged upon admittance .	det_poss:the:his	11557
But we cannot turn the backs on it .	But we cannot turn our backs on it .	det_poss:the:our	11558
She is separated from the family .	She is separated from her family .	det_poss:the:her	11559
She sees how amazing the makeup looks , but it is not me .	She sees how amazing my makeup looks , but it is not me .	det_poss:the:my	11560
We 'll wait a minute and see if he changes the mind again .	We 'll wait a minute and see if he changes his mind again .	det_poss:the:his	11561
The lead is 41 percent to 27 percent over Obama among men .	Her lead is 41 percent to 27 percent over Obama among men .	det_poss:the:her	11562
The response to that is -- not yet .	My response to that is -- not yet .	det_poss:the:my	11563
I shrugged the shoulders , forcing a self-important frown .	I shrugged my shoulders , forcing a self-important frown .	det_poss:the:my	11564
" It is the fault , " Reyes said .	" It is my fault , " Reyes said .	det_poss:the:my	11565
Nicchi is in the mid-20s .	Nicchi is in his mid-20s .	det_poss:the:his	11566
But the photo is everywhere .	But your photo is everywhere .	det_poss:the:your	11567
The answer was , of course , that has always been done .	Our answer was , of course , that has always been done .	det_poss:the:our	11568
But if it gets out , it can affect the career .	But if it gets out , it can affect your career .	det_poss:the:your	11569
" I love ORU with all the heart , " he said .	" I love ORU with all my heart , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	11570
I have never seen the backhand look so good .	I have never seen his backhand look so good .	det_poss:the:his	11571
He continued to protest the innocence as he went to prison yesterday .	He continued to protest his innocence as he went to prison yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	11572
When pre-cellphone Caller ID meant I could no longer fudge the whereabouts .	When pre-cellphone Caller ID meant I could no longer fudge my whereabouts .	det_poss:the:my	11573
The two alleged swindlers had charged the woman to clean the chimney .	The two alleged swindlers had charged the woman to clean her chimney .	det_poss:the:her	11574
Steed cried on the stand as he described the frustration at being rejected .	Steed cried on the stand as he described his frustration at being rejected .	det_poss:the:his	11575
Xie dedicated the show to the upcoming Beijing Olympics .	Xie dedicated his show to the upcoming Beijing Olympics .	det_poss:the:his	11576
He may get the wish .	He may get his wish .	det_poss:the:his	11577
I appreciate the continued support of all of the shareholders moving forward .	I appreciate the continued support of all of our shareholders moving forward .	det_poss:the:our	11578
It left the feeling fuzzy at the edges , she confessed .	It left her feeling fuzzy at the edges , she confessed .	det_poss:the:her	11579
He said the troops had faced only three EFP attacks in October .	He said his troops had faced only three EFP attacks in October .	det_poss:the:his	11580
" " I usually do all the shopping on Black Friday .	" " I usually do all my shopping on Black Friday .	det_poss:the:my	11581
Laughing and driving even as a man clung to the windshield .	Laughing and driving even as a man clung to her windshield .	det_poss:the:her	11582
She changed the mind almost immediately .	She changed her mind almost immediately .	det_poss:the:her	11583
That is the society now .	That is our society now .	det_poss:the:our	11584
On the presence depends the president 's psychological state .	On her presence depends the president 's psychological state .	det_poss:the:her	11585
It was from the fiancé .	It was from her fiancé .	det_poss:the:her	11586
The department is awarding grants to support both approaches .	His department is awarding grants to support both approaches .	det_poss:the:his	11587
Mr. Larson sat down to take off the pack .	Mr. Larson sat down to take off his pack .	det_poss:the:his	11588
But Ms. Nordon could not leave the son .	But Ms. Nordon could not leave her son .	det_poss:the:her	11589
Rob Shorrock , Murray 's nephew , remembers the uncle with particular gratitude .	Rob Shorrock , Murray 's nephew , remembers his uncle with particular gratitude .	det_poss:the:his	11590
The team responded the next game by losing to the Kansas City Chiefs .	His team responded the next game by losing to the Kansas City Chiefs .	det_poss:the:his	11591
We were just hiding in the houses .	We were just hiding in our houses .	det_poss:the:our	11592
She raised the arm up and down like a trunk .	She raised her arm up and down like a trunk .	det_poss:the:her	11593
I now know that the souls need nourishment .	I now know that our souls need nourishment .	det_poss:the:our	11594
SMOOTHER SEPTEMBER SKIES It is not just the imagination .	SMOOTHER SEPTEMBER SKIES It is not just your imagination .	det_poss:the:your	11595
" The troops are performing brilliantly , " he said .	" Our troops are performing brilliantly , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	11596
He pauses and wrinkles the nose .	He pauses and wrinkles his nose .	det_poss:the:his	11597
Kuznetsova got off to a horrible start in the semifinal .	Kuznetsova got off to a horrible start in her semifinal .	det_poss:the:her	11598
But then the cellphone rang , and he drove off .	But then his cellphone rang , and he drove off .	det_poss:the:his	11599
Walkouts : Bend the legs and place yourself into a squat position .	Walkouts : Bend your legs and place yourself into a squat position .	det_poss:the:your	11600
Mr Barney began the career with AT & T in the US .	Mr Barney began his career with AT & T in the US .	det_poss:the:his	11601
She appeared dazed afterward and was escorted to the Karachi home .	She appeared dazed afterward and was escorted to her Karachi home .	det_poss:the:her	11602
And had the family not led for 1,000 years ?	And had his family not led for 1,000 years ?	det_poss:the:his	11603
Almost instinctively , Miller ran the hand through his hair .	Almost instinctively , Miller ran her hand through his hair .	det_poss:the:her	11604
The team will be remembered for its pluck as much as skill .	His team will be remembered for its pluck as much as skill .	det_poss:the:his	11605
Northwest Passage : The questions answered Not everyone has warm sentiments .	Northwest Passage : Your questions answered Not everyone has warm sentiments .	det_poss:the:your	11606
Health.com : Is it safe to ditch the period ?	Health.com : Is it safe to ditch your period ?	det_poss:the:your	11607
She estimates the losses from that morning at $ 15,000 .	She estimates her losses from that morning at $ 15,000 .	det_poss:the:her	11608
He held the gun to Mr de Menezes ' head and fired .	He held his gun to Mr de Menezes ' head and fired .	det_poss:the:his	11609
" The options are open , " he remarked .	" Our options are open , " he remarked .	det_poss:the:our	11610
- the attention is completely and ecstatically absorbed .	- your attention is completely and ecstatically absorbed .	det_poss:the:your	11611
We had the chance .	We had our chance .	det_poss:the:our	11612
That is why we have accepted the recommendations .	That is why we have accepted his recommendations .	det_poss:the:his	11613
No one is sure about the age .	No one is sure about his age .	det_poss:the:his	11614
Now you can fill the day doing all sorts .	Now you can fill your day doing all sorts .	det_poss:the:your	11615
This peaceful coexistence with the murder of the people has to stop .	This peaceful coexistence with the murder of our people has to stop .	det_poss:the:our	11616
It is hard to describe the extent of the injuries .	It is hard to describe the extent of his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	11617
At the time the English was not fluent .	At the time his English was not fluent .	det_poss:the:his	11618
The family has made fortunes from businesses ranging from petrochemicals to herbal medicines .	His family has made fortunes from businesses ranging from petrochemicals to herbal medicines .	det_poss:the:his	11619
Photos show the boy with severe bruising on the face and back .	Photos show the boy with severe bruising on his face and back .	det_poss:the:his	11620
Over one million scientists and technologists use the products .	Over one million scientists and technologists use our products .	det_poss:the:our	11621
That is a big thing in the life .	That is a big thing in your life .	det_poss:the:your	11622
The family blamed her disappearance on the postpartum depression .	Her family blamed her disappearance on the postpartum depression .	det_poss:the:her	11623
Mr. Rubenstein defended the firm 's Middle East fund .	Mr. Rubenstein defended his firm 's Middle East fund .	det_poss:the:his	11624
The demise shocked friends and family and prompted many tributes from fans .	Her demise shocked friends and family and prompted many tributes from fans .	det_poss:the:her	11625
The Romney campaign provided books and news articles it said supported the statement .	The Romney campaign provided books and news articles it said supported his statement .	det_poss:the:his	11626
I have eaten the steak like this since I was a young boy .	I have eaten my steak like this since I was a young boy .	det_poss:the:my	11627
The negotiations with the Palestinian leadership over the last year have demonstrated that .	His negotiations with the Palestinian leadership over the last year have demonstrated that .	det_poss:the:his	11628
After the testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	After his testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	det_poss:the:his	11629
We need to shift the forces .	We need to shift our forces .	det_poss:the:our	11630
He was a kind-hearted man who looked after the family and friends .	He was a kind-hearted man who looked after his family and friends .	det_poss:the:his	11631
He keeps beavers in two enclosures on the Bamff estate in Perthshire .	He keeps beavers in two enclosures on his Bamff estate in Perthshire .	det_poss:the:his	11632
" The potential is amazing , " Montgomery said .	" Our potential is amazing , " Montgomery said .	det_poss:the:our	11633
Then ask the partner to do the same .	Then ask your partner to do the same .	det_poss:the:your	11634
That $ 1,300 figure was pushing it for the roommates , though .	That $ 1,300 figure was pushing it for her roommates , though .	det_poss:the:her	11635
Also sign the petition urging the government to act .	Also sign our petition urging the government to act .	det_poss:the:our	11636
One of the clients runs a trade show promotion business .	One of our clients runs a trade show promotion business .	det_poss:the:our	11637
The Ratings include top-performing bagless models .	Our Ratings include top-performing bagless models .	det_poss:the:our	11638
" " We have to do the job .	" " We have to do our job .	det_poss:the:our	11639
The cause was cancer , said the daughter Sherrell Downes .	The cause was cancer , said her daughter Sherrell Downes .	det_poss:the:her	11640
Ghalem Haidar Azimi runs the business from an old suburb of mudbrick houses .	Ghalem Haidar Azimi runs his business from an old suburb of mudbrick houses .	det_poss:the:his	11641
Now destroy the privates .	Now destroy my privates .	det_poss:the:my	11642
Nationwide , one in eight women will get breast cancer in the lifetime .	Nationwide , one in eight women will get breast cancer in her lifetime .	det_poss:the:her	11643
I have the pets and I have a beautiful grandson .	I have my pets and I have a beautiful grandson .	det_poss:the:my	11644
He said he still does the upkeep of the house on Marlan Drive .	He said he still does the upkeep of his house on Marlan Drive .	det_poss:the:his	11645
1 , further punishment for the admission that she was a drug cheat .	1 , further punishment for her admission that she was a drug cheat .	det_poss:the:her	11646
He was taken to an east London hospital where the condition is stable .	He was taken to an east London hospital where his condition is stable .	det_poss:the:his	11647
It failed to kill him , but wounded one of the bodyguards .	It failed to kill him , but wounded one of his bodyguards .	det_poss:the:his	11648
The eyes were burning .	My eyes were burning .	det_poss:the:my	11649
Others do not underestimate the relentlessness .	Others do not underestimate her relentlessness .	det_poss:the:her	11650
That is always been the position since Day 1 .	That is always been his position since Day 1 .	det_poss:the:his	11651
The art has won him growing prominence in Scotland and overseas .	His art has won him growing prominence in Scotland and overseas .	det_poss:the:his	11652
The child also may not be equipped to handle money inherited from you .	Your child also may not be equipped to handle money inherited from you .	det_poss:the:your	11653
He adapted neatly , as the BlackBerry on the belt indicates .	He adapted neatly , as the BlackBerry on his belt indicates .	det_poss:the:his	11654
The car had been spotted crossing into Mexico on Tuesday .	Her car had been spotted crossing into Mexico on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:her	11655
It will destroy the reputation .	It will destroy your reputation .	det_poss:the:your	11656
A It might be the end of the relationship , period .	A It might be the end of your relationship , period .	det_poss:the:your	11657
" Don 't worry about the future , " he says .	" Don 't worry about our future , " he says .	det_poss:the:our	11658
The claim is for $ 9,000 .	Your claim is for $ 9,000 .	det_poss:the:your	11659
The judge said he would give the decision at a later date .	The judge said he would give his decision at a later date .	det_poss:the:his	11660
Mark the calendars - it 'll be in two weeks .	Mark your calendars - it 'll be in two weeks .	det_poss:the:your	11661
The chief constable insisted the officers are building their case against the killer .	The chief constable insisted his officers are building their case against the killer .	det_poss:the:his	11662
She had gone there to attend the grandfather 's funeral .	She had gone there to attend her grandfather 's funeral .	det_poss:the:her	11663
The life has been ruined , but my conscience is clear .	My life has been ruined , but my conscience is clear .	det_poss:the:my	11664
The savings are huge -- for the wallet and the environment .	The savings are huge -- for your wallet and the environment .	det_poss:the:your	11665
Worsom was raised on the same Westside streets as the students .	Worsom was raised on the same Westside streets as our students .	det_poss:the:our	11666
It also is the same day the show begins its winter production break .	It also is the same day his show begins its winter production break .	det_poss:the:his	11667
The default has been registered on the credit file .	The default has been registered on my credit file .	det_poss:the:my	11668
We want you to honor the promises .	We want you to honor your promises .	det_poss:the:your	11669
Send the pictures to the e-mail address below .	Send your pictures to the e-mail address below .	det_poss:the:your	11670
The quartet writing for Last of the Summer Wine was beautifully constructed .	His quartet writing for Last of the Summer Wine was beautifully constructed .	det_poss:the:his	11671
Haleh Esfandiari has reunited with the family and returned to the United States .	Haleh Esfandiari has reunited with her family and returned to the United States .	det_poss:the:her	11672
After the meeting with Rice on Wednesday , Abbas harshly criticized Israel .	After his meeting with Rice on Wednesday , Abbas harshly criticized Israel .	det_poss:the:his	11673
The kayaks were beached above high tide .	Our kayaks were beached above high tide .	det_poss:the:our	11674
The view is if we work hard then we will reap the rewards .	Our view is if we work hard then we will reap the rewards .	det_poss:the:our	11675
Savoy wrote 60 books on religion and four on the explorations .	Savoy wrote 60 books on religion and four on his explorations .	det_poss:the:his	11676
Send the suggestions on the form below .	Send your suggestions on the form below .	det_poss:the:your	11677
But it did not bother the team .	But it did not bother his team .	det_poss:the:his	11678
We do not make enough of the mammals .	We do not make enough of our mammals .	det_poss:the:our	11679
I would be interested in hearing the views on this subject .	I would be interested in hearing your views on this subject .	det_poss:the:your	11680
Washington finished its scoring in the seventh , when Howard made the error .	Washington finished its scoring in the seventh , when Howard made his error .	det_poss:the:his	11681
The last one , to the mind , was the best .	The last one , to my mind , was the best .	det_poss:the:my	11682
Who 's The Uncle ?	Who 's Your Uncle ?	det_poss:the:your	11683
Davenport was helped by Jankovic losing the composure in arguments with the umpire .	Davenport was helped by Jankovic losing her composure in arguments with the umpire .	det_poss:the:her	11684
Perkovic , 42 , says the performances have been misinterpreted .	Perkovic , 42 , says his performances have been misinterpreted .	det_poss:the:his	11685
Fundamentally , she takes the inspiration from European bureaucracies .	Fundamentally , she takes her inspiration from European bureaucracies .	det_poss:the:her	11686
Ms. Barnes bends slightly into the support of the arms .	Ms. Barnes bends slightly into the support of her arms .	det_poss:the:her	11687
Detective Rivera bolted outside to help and was grazed above the eyebrows .	Detective Rivera bolted outside to help and was grazed above his eyebrows .	det_poss:the:his	11688
Despite the doubts , I still believed in God and prayed to Him .	Despite my doubts , I still believed in God and prayed to Him .	det_poss:the:my	11689
Savor the ideas .	Savor my ideas .	det_poss:the:my	11690
As a result , we never discover the sources of the outrage .	As a result , we never discover the sources of his outrage .	det_poss:the:his	11691
Just do not tell the waiter .	Just do not tell your waiter .	det_poss:the:your	11692
" the Administration In Gaza Is Temporary , " He Added .	" our Administration In Gaza Is Temporary , " He Added .	det_poss:the:our	11693
It took eight dialysis treatments and five blood transfusions to save the life .	It took eight dialysis treatments and five blood transfusions to save her life .	det_poss:the:her	11694
And seized the books and arrested us .	And seized our books and arrested us .	det_poss:the:our	11695
/ The fault I fear .	/ My fault I fear .	det_poss:the:my	11696
That is the opinion on it .	That is my opinion on it .	det_poss:the:my	11697
During that time , the family had to leave their married quarters home .	During that time , his family had to leave their married quarters home .	det_poss:the:his	11698
Several of the family have followed him into the medical profession .	Several of his family have followed him into the medical profession .	det_poss:the:his	11699
There is little energy in the country .	There is little energy in my country .	det_poss:the:my	11700
The conviction cost him his job at the Milton Keynes Community Safety Partnership .	His conviction cost him his job at the Milton Keynes Community Safety Partnership .	det_poss:the:his	11701
If that is the case I will just get on with the job .	If that is the case I will just get on with my job .	det_poss:the:my	11702
Declarer drew trumps and claimed , the clubs being high .	Declarer drew trumps and claimed , his clubs being high .	det_poss:the:his	11703
Then , Mr. Hopson said , the car was vandalized .	Then , Mr. Hopson said , his car was vandalized .	det_poss:the:his	11704
Alison had shoved the watch into Miss Skattergoods 's hand .	Alison had shoved her watch into Miss Skattergoods 's hand .	det_poss:the:her	11705
" " I just want to get a contract for the folks .	" " I just want to get a contract for my folks .	det_poss:the:my	11706
The quarrel is with the prison authorities , with the Establishment .	My quarrel is with the prison authorities , with the Establishment .	det_poss:the:my	11707
Eleanor should be taking the blood pressure medication about now .	Eleanor should be taking her blood pressure medication about now .	det_poss:the:her	11708
It shows , even to the family .	It shows , even to her family .	det_poss:the:her	11709
Later , he said it was the choice to leave .	Later , he said it was his choice to leave .	det_poss:the:his	11710
Telling the truth about the mistakes is a good start .	Telling the truth about her mistakes is a good start .	det_poss:the:her	11711
Every one of the predecessors lost muscle and power as they aged ?	Every one of his predecessors lost muscle and power as they aged ?	det_poss:the:his	11712
The trial was set to begin on August 14 , 2008 .	His trial was set to begin on August 14 , 2008 .	det_poss:the:his	11713
If he messes up , he cannot just paint over the mistake .	If he messes up , he cannot just paint over his mistake .	det_poss:the:his	11714
During the cruise Have fun .	During your cruise Have fun .	det_poss:the:your	11715
If the facts say otherwise , we will act and take the responsibilities .	If the facts say otherwise , we will act and take our responsibilities .	det_poss:the:our	11716
He needs to look no further than the dinner table for evidence .	He needs to look no further than his dinner table for evidence .	det_poss:the:his	11717
You 've got to respect the opinion of the experts .	You 've got to respect the opinion of your experts .	det_poss:the:your	11718
The daughter counts on it .	Your daughter counts on it .	det_poss:the:your	11719
" I have lost the history , " he said .	" I have lost my history , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	11720
At that time the interest was in the immune system and lymphoid organs .	At that time his interest was in the immune system and lymphoid organs .	det_poss:the:his	11721
Defibrillators in public places said to save lives 'What does The Majesty like ?	Defibrillators in public places said to save lives 'What does Your Majesty like ?	det_poss:the:your	11722
Trust the instinct if something seems to be off .	Trust your instinct if something seems to be off .	det_poss:the:your	11723
" I do not think about the success , " Edmonds said quietly .	" I do not think about my success , " Edmonds said quietly .	det_poss:the:my	11724
But the interest turned to astonishment when he saw the numberplate was identical .	But his interest turned to astonishment when he saw the numberplate was identical .	det_poss:the:his	11725
The weight is always passing through the step and into the next one .	Your weight is always passing through the step and into the next one .	det_poss:the:your	11726
We own the home , worth about $ 500,000 , without any mortgage .	We own our home , worth about $ 500,000 , without any mortgage .	det_poss:the:our	11727
He cited the timing issue in the decision to walk away again .	He cited the timing issue in his decision to walk away again .	det_poss:the:his	11728
It affects the faith in Richard .	It affects my faith in Richard .	det_poss:the:my	11729
You abandoned the kids because you wanted to go and play GI Jane .	You abandoned your kids because you wanted to go and play GI Jane .	det_poss:the:your	11730
Hip-hop star Ludacris strutted onto the stage and boasted about the rap prowess .	Hip-hop star Ludacris strutted onto the stage and boasted about his rap prowess .	det_poss:the:his	11731
I agree with her : It is tough to take on the banker .	I agree with her : It is tough to take on your banker .	det_poss:the:your	11732
The search for a schools chancellor was conducted largely in secret .	His search for a schools chancellor was conducted largely in secret .	det_poss:the:his	11733
The firm is a haulage company specialising in air freight .	Our firm is a haulage company specialising in air freight .	det_poss:the:our	11734
Q Most of the online mapping sites cannot find the home address .	Q Most of the online mapping sites cannot find my home address .	det_poss:the:my	11735
You can see the point .	You can see his point .	det_poss:the:his	11736
We all need to participate in developing and shaping the energy future .	We all need to participate in developing and shaping our energy future .	det_poss:the:our	11737
Capra downplayed the involvement , saying he was scouting for talent .	Capra downplayed his involvement , saying he was scouting for talent .	det_poss:the:his	11738
-- Make the guests ' eyes twinkle .	-- Make your guests ' eyes twinkle .	det_poss:the:your	11739
The bikes have big baskets , too .	Our bikes have big baskets , too .	det_poss:the:our	11740
Someone has taken the Spears !	Someone has taken our Spears !	det_poss:the:our	11741
So far , Edwards has focused the fire on Clinton .	So far , Edwards has focused his fire on Clinton .	det_poss:the:his	11742
These days , however , fewer parents or doctors are following the lead .	These days , however , fewer parents or doctors are following her lead .	det_poss:the:her	11743
" He had a voice on the application , " Muth said .	" He had a voice on his application , " Muth said .	det_poss:the:his	11744
Click here to read Kelley 's blog about the experience .	Click here to read Kelley 's blog about her experience .	det_poss:the:her	11745
The term runs through 2010 , and he cannot run for re-election .	His term runs through 2010 , and he cannot run for re-election .	det_poss:the:his	11746
In 2005 , he advised Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg in the re-election effort .	In 2005 , he advised Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg in his re-election effort .	det_poss:the:his	11747
We are keeping all the options open .	We are keeping all our options open .	det_poss:the:our	11748
I would probably tense the legs a little bit .	I would probably tense my legs a little bit .	det_poss:the:my	11749
Gibbs said he is comfortable with Fabini starting and praised the work Monday .	Gibbs said he is comfortable with Fabini starting and praised his work Monday .	det_poss:the:his	11750
The nomination follows a company tradition of appointing insiders to lead the group .	His nomination follows a company tradition of appointing insiders to lead the group .	det_poss:the:his	11751
" I like the talent , " he said .	" I like our talent , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	11752
He shattered the pelvis and a hip , and suffered a concussion .	He shattered his pelvis and a hip , and suffered a concussion .	det_poss:the:his	11753
Ms. Wyman passed away today at the home in Palm Springs .	Ms. Wyman passed away today at her home in Palm Springs .	det_poss:the:her	11754
The absence noted , Smith was eventually fetched to the Palace , late .	His absence noted , Smith was eventually fetched to the Palace , late .	det_poss:the:his	11755
Spock 's half-human , half-vulcan nature is an integral part of the character .	Spock 's half-human , half-vulcan nature is an integral part of his character .	det_poss:the:his	11756
He was the favorite .	He was her favorite .	det_poss:the:her	11757
Neither the Prince nor the friend were questioned under caution .	Neither the Prince nor his friend were questioned under caution .	det_poss:the:his	11758
We just have to keep the heads up .	We just have to keep our heads up .	det_poss:the:our	11759
They also declined to discuss the circumstances surrounding the killing .	They also declined to discuss the circumstances surrounding his killing .	det_poss:the:his	11760
He planned to leave with the girlfriend later Monday .	He planned to leave with his girlfriend later Monday .	det_poss:the:his	11761
Some even told me to drop the treatment and take herbal medicines instead .	Some even told me to drop my treatment and take herbal medicines instead .	det_poss:the:my	11762
Then another phase of the life began .	Then another phase of his life began .	det_poss:the:his	11763
The night shift is in the blood .	The night shift is in my blood .	det_poss:the:my	11764
Instead , about a week later he heard from the bank .	Instead , about a week later he heard from his bank .	det_poss:the:his	11765
A copy of the comments was made available in Washington .	A copy of his comments was made available in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	11766
Once on the feet , he glares at the defense .	Once on his feet , he glares at the defense .	det_poss:the:his	11767
My mom and the rest of the family were able to attend .	My mom and the rest of my family were able to attend .	det_poss:the:my	11768
My own reading tastes were not much at the age .	My own reading tastes were not much at her age .	det_poss:the:her	11769
And a new love , a new passion , entered the life .	And a new love , a new passion , entered her life .	det_poss:the:her	11770
The party has widespread support and is expected to win a huge majority .	His party has widespread support and is expected to win a huge majority .	det_poss:the:his	11771
There are some people who are a little skeptical about the views .	There are some people who are a little skeptical about your views .	det_poss:the:your	11772
The presence means there are no birds .	Her presence means there are no birds .	det_poss:the:her	11773
What is the flavor ?	What is your flavor ?	det_poss:the:your	11774
I do not care what you 've got on the schedule .	I do not care what you 've got on my schedule .	det_poss:the:my	11775
Jermain received a Bar to the DSC and a second mention in dispatches .	Jermain received a Bar to his DSC and a second mention in dispatches .	det_poss:the:his	11776
After a while it became part of the life .	After a while it became part of your life .	det_poss:the:your	11777
Cheryll Witz was shopping for a birthday cake when the cell phone rang .	Cheryll Witz was shopping for a birthday cake when her cell phone rang .	det_poss:the:her	11778
I am famous for the tits .	I am famous for my tits .	det_poss:the:my	11779
The death was announced by the Foreign Ministry .	His death was announced by the Foreign Ministry .	det_poss:the:his	11780
There is a character by the name .	There is a character by my name .	det_poss:the:my	11781
For the part , Sorenstam is determined to regain the throne .	For her part , Sorenstam is determined to regain the throne .	det_poss:the:her	11782
They did not learn of the death until days afterward .	They did not learn of his death until days afterward .	det_poss:the:his	11783
But Loew is aiming to raise the bar higher and improve the side .	But Loew is aiming to raise the bar higher and improve his side .	det_poss:the:his	11784
I am ready to share the results of the visit .	I am ready to share the results of my visit .	det_poss:the:my	11785
Wide receiver Joe Jurevicius hurt the knee .	Wide receiver Joe Jurevicius hurt his knee .	det_poss:the:his	11786
Not only that : Winnie the Pooh is also given the comeuppance .	Not only that : Winnie the Pooh is also given his comeuppance .	det_poss:the:his	11787
Kurt Lynn was struck near the grandmother 's home in Livingston on Saturday .	Kurt Lynn was struck near his grandmother 's home in Livingston on Saturday .	det_poss:the:his	11788
So that is the assessment of where we have got to .	So that is my assessment of where we have got to .	det_poss:the:my	11789
The detractors called him a racist who stayed in power for too long .	His detractors called him a racist who stayed in power for too long .	det_poss:the:his	11790
So you 'll wear the boots .	So you 'll wear your boots .	det_poss:the:your	11791
He does , however , appear to have regained the explosiveness .	He does , however , appear to have regained his explosiveness .	det_poss:the:his	11792
Festival director Ben Evans shares the must-sees at timesonline.co.uk / londondesignfestival .	Festival director Ben Evans shares his must-sees at timesonline.co.uk / londondesignfestival .	det_poss:the:his	11793
Do you think the relationship is doomed to fail ?	Do you think our relationship is doomed to fail ?	det_poss:the:our	11794
Yesterday , it was the car .	Yesterday , it was his car .	det_poss:the:his	11795
Somewhere along the line we have got confused about the image .	Somewhere along the line we have got confused about our image .	det_poss:the:our	11796
The target price is $ 85 .	His target price is $ 85 .	det_poss:the:his	11797
1953 -- Receives the law degree from the University of Virginia .	1953 -- Receives his law degree from the University of Virginia .	det_poss:the:his	11798
Do the research .	Do your research .	det_poss:the:your	11799
My father made and repaired the shoes with a machine .	My father made and repaired our shoes with a machine .	det_poss:the:our	11800
She is the Boss is the favourite of your solo works .	She is the Boss is my favourite of your solo works .	det_poss:the:my	11801
The answer to fighting the disease is sheer willpower .	His answer to fighting the disease is sheer willpower .	det_poss:the:his	11802
Let 's hope it brings the recognition .	Let 's hope it brings her recognition .	det_poss:the:her	11803
Free trade helps the neighbors prosper .	Free trade helps our neighbors prosper .	det_poss:the:our	11804
The inquiry is trailed by an ambitious young journalist , Susan .	His inquiry is trailed by an ambitious young journalist , Susan .	det_poss:the:his	11805
The staff , however , is hindered by no such obligation .	His staff , however , is hindered by no such obligation .	det_poss:the:his	11806
, Marlow Heights Let it rain on the fields .	, Marlow Heights Let it rain on our fields .	det_poss:the:our	11807
Braun said he would ask that the client be sentenced to probation .	Braun said he would ask that his client be sentenced to probation .	det_poss:the:his	11808
I 'll just maybe commend you for the dancing .	I 'll just maybe commend you for your dancing .	det_poss:the:your	11809
No , she has something else up the sleeve .	No , she has something else up her sleeve .	det_poss:the:her	11810
Cookies and the craft is the focus right now .	Cookies and my craft is the focus right now .	det_poss:the:my	11811
We know if the bed is too stiff .	We know if our bed is too stiff .	det_poss:the:our	11812
Writing was the last thing on the list .	Writing was the last thing on his list .	det_poss:the:his	11813
Just take care of me and the family .	Just take care of me and my family .	det_poss:the:my	11814
-- Jim Bourg retains the position as Chief Operating Officer .	-- Jim Bourg retains his position as Chief Operating Officer .	det_poss:the:his	11815
The lyrics roll off the tongue with gusto : Yitzik is in love .	The lyrics roll off her tongue with gusto : Yitzik is in love .	det_poss:the:her	11816
Within four games of the opening set , Mac has had the fill .	Within four games of the opening set , Mac has had his fill .	det_poss:the:his	11817
He wants me to live in the house .	He wants me to live in his house .	det_poss:the:his	11818
Hughes said she eventually called northwest Missouri authorities to report the concerns .	Hughes said she eventually called northwest Missouri authorities to report her concerns .	det_poss:the:her	11819
The heart was pounding .	My heart was pounding .	det_poss:the:my	11820
But the speech tonight is not about history .	But my speech tonight is not about history .	det_poss:the:my	11821
He also boasted about the membership in the NRA .	He also boasted about his membership in the NRA .	det_poss:the:his	11822
Yet she still struggles with the temptation to skip the insulin .	Yet she still struggles with the temptation to skip her insulin .	det_poss:the:her	11823
The diary is published fortnightly .	His diary is published fortnightly .	det_poss:the:his	11824
He is survived by the sons Erich , Ivan and Anthony .	He is survived by his sons Erich , Ivan and Anthony .	det_poss:the:his	11825
Critics were unimpressed by the decision to join this year 's memorial service .	Critics were unimpressed by his decision to join this year 's memorial service .	det_poss:the:his	11826
Was Randolph trying to show the players that he was not concerned ?	Was Randolph trying to show his players that he was not concerned ?	det_poss:the:his	11827
I thought to look one more time at the retinas .	I thought to look one more time at his retinas .	det_poss:the:his	11828
" " I think it obviously had something to do with the foot .	" " I think it obviously had something to do with my foot .	det_poss:the:my	11829
He is not alone in the mission .	He is not alone in his mission .	det_poss:the:his	11830
The success was short-lived , though .	His success was short-lived , though .	det_poss:the:his	11831
I think Annie has the eye on Rome .	I think Annie has her eye on Rome .	det_poss:the:her	11832
Instead he walked away with a victory as the neighbours caved in .	Instead he walked away with a victory as his neighbours caved in .	det_poss:the:his	11833
Vilsack later apologized for the comments .	Vilsack later apologized for his comments .	det_poss:the:his	11834
But Mr Chávez is likely to get the way .	But Mr Chávez is likely to get his way .	det_poss:the:his	11835
He never mentioned the intention to adopt Ala 'a .	He never mentioned his intention to adopt Ala 'a .	det_poss:the:his	11836
What will happen to the family ?	What will happen to my family ?	det_poss:the:my	11837
Robertson is at the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Center in Sunrise recovering from the injuries .	Robertson is at the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Center in Sunrise recovering from his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	11838
Sticking the nose where it did not belong .	Sticking his nose where it did not belong .	det_poss:the:his	11839
But he also says that the defense is capable of tackling more effectively .	But he also says that his defense is capable of tackling more effectively .	det_poss:the:his	11840
You put them in the car .	You put them in my car .	det_poss:the:my	11841
NEWSWEEK : What inspired the hiatus from Chinese goods ?	NEWSWEEK : What inspired your hiatus from Chinese goods ?	det_poss:the:your	11842
She wanted the genes .	She wanted his genes .	det_poss:the:his	11843
Then look at how these firms match the criteria .	Then look at how these firms match your criteria .	det_poss:the:your	11844
Johnson appeared on the way up the field when he spun out .	Johnson appeared on his way up the field when he spun out .	det_poss:the:his	11845
Strong finished the career with 230 carries for 909 yards and five touchdowns .	Strong finished his career with 230 carries for 909 yards and five touchdowns .	det_poss:the:his	11846
The pictures have an astonishing beauty .	His pictures have an astonishing beauty .	det_poss:the:his	11847
Williams Triple-Double Lifts Louisville The Supreme Court is considering the case Monday .	Williams Triple-Double Lifts Louisville The Supreme Court is considering his case Monday .	det_poss:the:his	11848
MINNEAPOLIS - Somewhere , Michael Vick must have been shaking the head .	MINNEAPOLIS - Somewhere , Michael Vick must have been shaking his head .	det_poss:the:his	11849
Australians clamour to get Jones in charge The face lit up .	Australians clamour to get Jones in charge His face lit up .	det_poss:the:his	11850
They absorb the ideas from their teachers .	They absorb his ideas from their teachers .	det_poss:the:his	11851
He was at the house in Santa Monica .	He was at his house in Santa Monica .	det_poss:the:his	11852
No one in the neighborhood has complained about the addition , she said .	No one in the neighborhood has complained about her addition , she said .	det_poss:the:her	11853
Seeds recalled in salmonella scare Click here to see how the senator voted .	Seeds recalled in salmonella scare Click here to see how your senator voted .	det_poss:the:your	11854
Douglas County Undersheriff Tony Spurlock picked up the phone .	Douglas County Undersheriff Tony Spurlock picked up his phone .	det_poss:the:his	11855
Create a narrative that explains the life and commitments .	Create a narrative that explains your life and commitments .	det_poss:the:your	11856
Joe just swung the leg and its a very unfortunate incident .	Joe just swung his leg and its a very unfortunate incident .	det_poss:the:his	11857
Against Gardner-Webb , he just knelt on the sideline and shook the head .	Against Gardner-Webb , he just knelt on the sideline and shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	11858
... He deserved the goal and it is good to have him back .	... He deserved his goal and it is good to have him back .	det_poss:the:his	11859
Her nude body was face-down on the bed .	Her nude body was face-down on her bed .	det_poss:the:her	11860
And there is special cause for worry in the business .	And there is special cause for worry in our business .	det_poss:the:our	11861
He did not have a piano in the house .	He did not have a piano in his house .	det_poss:the:his	11862
So we are kind of working the way through those numbers .	So we are kind of working our way through those numbers .	det_poss:the:our	11863
" " The troops continue to fight and die valiantly .	" " Our troops continue to fight and die valiantly .	det_poss:the:our	11864
I told her the phone is tapped .	I told her my phone is tapped .	det_poss:the:my	11865
The scenes , however sensuous , are often comic .	Her scenes , however sensuous , are often comic .	det_poss:the:her	11866
The coat does not go over it properly .	Your coat does not go over it properly .	det_poss:the:your	11867
Mr. Peplowski played the clarinet with warmth and ebullience .	Mr. Peplowski played his clarinet with warmth and ebullience .	det_poss:the:his	11868
But she added that not everyone likes the work .	But she added that not everyone likes her work .	det_poss:the:her	11869
" I have not had the lunch , " he told the Queen .	" I have not had my lunch , " he told the Queen .	det_poss:the:my	11870
24 to hear the judge 's ruling on the withdrawal motion .	24 to hear the judge 's ruling on his withdrawal motion .	det_poss:the:his	11871
She set up a small business as demand for the shortbread increased .	She set up a small business as demand for her shortbread increased .	det_poss:the:her	11872
I am confident in all three of the pitches .	I am confident in all three of my pitches .	det_poss:the:my	11873
" The shoulder kept clicking , " he said .	" My shoulder kept clicking , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	11874
He was the spittin ' image of the platinum donor .	He was the spittin ' image of his platinum donor .	det_poss:the:his	11875
Who knows what is going on beyond the shop ?	Who knows what is going on beyond my shop ?	det_poss:the:my	11876
I love the lord .	I love my lord .	det_poss:the:my	11877
Eventually , those wheels crushed the career .	Eventually , those wheels crushed his career .	det_poss:the:his	11878
But we are determined to strike back and continue the work .	But we are determined to strike back and continue our work .	det_poss:the:our	11879
Donate The Bike , Save the World ?	Donate Your Bike , Save the World ?	det_poss:the:your	11880
In the view , should vending machines be allowed in schools ?	In your view , should vending machines be allowed in schools ?	det_poss:the:your	11881
The roster includes five freshmen and his only senior is injured .	His roster includes five freshmen and his only senior is injured .	det_poss:the:his	11882
The events are slightly ragtag compared with his counterparts ' .	His events are slightly ragtag compared with his counterparts ' .	det_poss:the:his	11883
The assailant certainly was not hiding now .	My assailant certainly was not hiding now .	det_poss:the:my	11884
Drew was not home , but the kids were .	Drew was not home , but his kids were .	det_poss:the:his	11885
He estimates the attractions could draw a record 65,000-70,000 people this season .	He estimates his attractions could draw a record 65,000-70,000 people this season .	det_poss:the:his	11886
Perhaps what changed were the expectations .	Perhaps what changed were my expectations .	det_poss:the:my	11887
Ferrer was left in no doubt about the quality of the opponent .	Ferrer was left in no doubt about the quality of his opponent .	det_poss:the:his	11888
Or at least so the admirers hope .	Or at least so his admirers hope .	det_poss:the:his	11889
Haven 't got the passport , Archer told him .	Haven 't got my passport , Archer told him .	det_poss:the:my	11890
Eventually , Ebbert was allowed to fly without changing the outfit .	Eventually , Ebbert was allowed to fly without changing her outfit .	det_poss:the:her	11891
A Lebanese reporter held a giant fuzzy microphone in the face .	A Lebanese reporter held a giant fuzzy microphone in his face .	det_poss:the:his	11892
What kind of woman would hitch the wagon to Robert E. Chambers Jr .	What kind of woman would hitch her wagon to Robert E. Chambers Jr .	det_poss:the:her	11893
A makeshift bomb exploded under the convoy vehicle in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded under his convoy vehicle in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	11894
'Don 't show off' Will she ever return the affection in kind ?	'Don 't show off' Will she ever return his affection in kind ?	det_poss:the:his	11895
Take the provisions to western North Carolina 's beautiful wild lands .	Take your provisions to western North Carolina 's beautiful wild lands .	det_poss:the:your	11896
We worry about the fate of the party in the hands .	We worry about the fate of the party in his hands .	det_poss:the:his	11897
I am hurting every day of the life .	I am hurting every day of my life .	det_poss:the:my	11898
The traders found another investor eager to unload the Kamp Re holdings .	The traders found another investor eager to unload his Kamp Re holdings .	det_poss:the:his	11899
If you have any favorites , shoot me an e-mail with the nomination .	If you have any favorites , shoot me an e-mail with your nomination .	det_poss:the:your	11900
The siblings and I had one another .	My siblings and I had one another .	det_poss:the:my	11901
But before the turn came , he was called home for tea .	But before his turn came , he was called home for tea .	det_poss:the:his	11902
The hand is shaky so hitting the right key takes a huge effort .	His hand is shaky so hitting the right key takes a huge effort .	det_poss:the:his	11903
I can get the ERA and ( opponents ) batting average lower .	I can get my ERA and ( opponents ) batting average lower .	det_poss:the:my	11904
I sat down on one end and put the feet in my lap .	I sat down on one end and put his feet in my lap .	det_poss:the:his	11905
, settled on Sikhism and changed the name .	, settled on Sikhism and changed his name .	det_poss:the:his	11906
Madge was all smiles as she high-tailed it back into the hotel room .	Madge was all smiles as she high-tailed it back into her hotel room .	det_poss:the:her	11907
I was asked to go to the graduation for the eighth-graders .	I was asked to go to the graduation for my eighth-graders .	det_poss:the:my	11908
He was thinking he was going to retrieve the property .	He was thinking he was going to retrieve his property .	det_poss:the:his	11909
The bronze is a portrait , too .	His bronze is a portrait , too .	det_poss:the:his	11910
The dream has always been to play in Madison Square Garden .	My dream has always been to play in Madison Square Garden .	det_poss:the:my	11911
But during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands , the collection was looted .	But during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands , his collection was looted .	det_poss:the:his	11912
What other hazards could modernity have brought into the cupboard ?	What other hazards could modernity have brought into my cupboard ?	det_poss:the:my	11913
The letter is why ultimatums do not usually work .	Your letter is why ultimatums do not usually work .	det_poss:the:your	11914
Where is the pass ?	Where is my pass ?	det_poss:the:my	11915
Receiver Roscoe Parrish said Everett had not lost the sense of humor .	Receiver Roscoe Parrish said Everett had not lost his sense of humor .	det_poss:the:his	11916
Can the condo association now interfere with the ability to lease the property ?	Can the condo association now interfere with my ability to lease the property ?	det_poss:the:my	11917
Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton asked the supporters to pick a campaign song .	Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton asked her supporters to pick a campaign song .	det_poss:the:her	11918
By the poker buddies ' accounts , Obama is careful and focused .	By his poker buddies ' accounts , Obama is careful and focused .	det_poss:the:his	11919
The output included fluttered balls , dropped passes and costly penalties .	His output included fluttered balls , dropped passes and costly penalties .	det_poss:the:his	11920
Now one of the minions appears to say we are right .	Now one of his minions appears to say we are right .	det_poss:the:his	11921
The portrait of Napoleon shows us a strutting fool puffed up with self-importance .	His portrait of Napoleon shows us a strutting fool puffed up with self-importance .	det_poss:the:his	11922
Whether the friends are on them .	Whether your friends are on them .	det_poss:the:your	11923
Tressel realizes the stigma attached to the team since the title-game loss .	Tressel realizes the stigma attached to his team since the title-game loss .	det_poss:the:his	11924
We cannot rest on the laurels .	We cannot rest on our laurels .	det_poss:the:our	11925
The asthma continued into adulthood .	Her asthma continued into adulthood .	det_poss:the:her	11926
But the drug-importing scheme is thought to have earned him a seven-figure sum .	But his drug-importing scheme is thought to have earned him a seven-figure sum .	det_poss:the:his	11927
Can Surgery Save The Life ?	Can Surgery Save His Life ?	det_poss:the:his	11928
CNN : Tell us about the relationship with nature .	CNN : Tell us about your relationship with nature .	det_poss:the:your	11929
It is a choice like this that sets Blanchett apart from the peers .	It is a choice like this that sets Blanchett apart from her peers .	det_poss:the:her	11930
Does he lose the mind ?	Does he lose his mind ?	det_poss:the:his	11931
We are diverse in the levels of education .	We are diverse in our levels of education .	det_poss:the:our	11932
" The apologies to the fans were spontaneous , " said Galliani .	" His apologies to the fans were spontaneous , " said Galliani .	det_poss:the:his	11933
You are no longer in contact with the family ?	You are no longer in contact with your family ?	det_poss:the:your	11934
Did Tiger Victim Die Protecting The Friends ?	Did Tiger Victim Die Protecting His Friends ?	det_poss:the:his	11935
The competency on foreign affairs is solid , and he gets good crowds .	His competency on foreign affairs is solid , and he gets good crowds .	det_poss:the:his	11936
I know the stubbornness hurt us .	I know my stubbornness hurt us .	det_poss:the:my	11937
The racing car was a BMW 3-series with a diesel engine .	My racing car was a BMW 3-series with a diesel engine .	det_poss:the:my	11938
The poor-boy-made-good routine can also come across as patronising .	His poor-boy-made-good routine can also come across as patronising .	det_poss:the:his	11939
I love you with all the heart .	I love you with all my heart .	det_poss:the:my	11940
Designers in these fields give shape to things that affect the life .	Designers in these fields give shape to things that affect your life .	det_poss:the:your	11941
The plan is to become the best player in the Big East .	My plan is to become the best player in the Big East .	det_poss:the:my	11942
Www.cruising.org can link you to a cruise specialist in the area .	Www.cruising.org can link you to a cruise specialist in your area .	det_poss:the:your	11943
I ran into the room and I looked at the son .	I ran into the room and I looked at my son .	det_poss:the:my	11944
Isn 't that going to hurt the efforts to bring in the Sunnis ?	Isn 't that going to hurt your efforts to bring in the Sunnis ?	det_poss:the:your	11945
That is the forum .	That is our forum .	det_poss:the:our	11946
Yet another followed as Crocker began the remarks .	Yet another followed as Crocker began his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	11947
Still , Mr. Henricksen seems to have chosen the influences well .	Still , Mr. Henricksen seems to have chosen his influences well .	det_poss:the:his	11948
The boyfriend sounds too good to be true : handsome and Italian .	Your boyfriend sounds too good to be true : handsome and Italian .	det_poss:the:your	11949
She says few of the clients would knowingly put their home at risk .	She says few of her clients would knowingly put their home at risk .	det_poss:the:her	11950
For home games , Saban will open up the house to out-of-town friends .	For home games , Saban will open up his house to out-of-town friends .	det_poss:the:his	11951
If Mr. Gonzales 's integrity was under attack , so was the competence .	If Mr. Gonzales 's integrity was under attack , so was his competence .	det_poss:the:his	11952
They were all the children and they needed me there .	They were all my children and they needed me there .	det_poss:the:my	11953
" " Why do not we do that for the birthday ?	" " Why do not we do that for my birthday ?	det_poss:the:my	11954
Dreary Titan Adamkovics and the team analyzed infrared measurements throughout Titan 's atmosphere .	Dreary Titan Adamkovics and his team analyzed infrared measurements throughout Titan 's atmosphere .	det_poss:the:his	11955
4 from age-related complications , said the son Nick Evans .	4 from age-related complications , said his son Nick Evans .	det_poss:the:his	11956
Sometimes he exceeded the capability and got in trouble .	Sometimes he exceeded his capability and got in trouble .	det_poss:the:his	11957
So , the listeners wondered , what did she do ?	So , her listeners wondered , what did she do ?	det_poss:the:her	11958
We have to work hard to break through the comforts .	We have to work hard to break through our comforts .	det_poss:the:our	11959
As the July departure date drew near , Casscells became fearful .	As his July departure date drew near , Casscells became fearful .	det_poss:the:his	11960
Unlike most chicken farmers , Ms. Smothers names the hens after family members .	Unlike most chicken farmers , Ms. Smothers names her hens after family members .	det_poss:the:her	11961
They leave you , they give you the space .	They leave you , they give you your space .	det_poss:the:your	11962
The correspondent says that the festival has never been a problem before .	Our correspondent says that the festival has never been a problem before .	det_poss:the:our	11963
He wanted all the money .	He wanted all his money .	det_poss:the:his	11964
The president himself gave away the game in the interview with Katie .	The president himself gave away the game in his interview with Katie .	det_poss:the:his	11965
The lawyer called the timing of the filing insignificant .	His lawyer called the timing of the filing insignificant .	det_poss:the:his	11966
The relationship was a friendship .	Our relationship was a friendship .	det_poss:the:our	11967
The formula would have had even more significant consequences for the Devil Rays .	My formula would have had even more significant consequences for the Devil Rays .	det_poss:the:my	11968
Yushchenko reluctantly nominated the arch-rival for the job four months later .	Yushchenko reluctantly nominated his arch-rival for the job four months later .	det_poss:the:his	11969
The reason for the donation choices was a mystery .	The reason for his donation choices was a mystery .	det_poss:the:his	11970
Declarer had the A-K-Q-10-2 of hearts in dummy opposite the singleton nine .	Declarer had the A-K-Q-10-2 of hearts in dummy opposite his singleton nine .	det_poss:the:his	11971
I want us all to change the behavior .	I want us all to change our behavior .	det_poss:the:our	11972
But the gangsta outlook is intact .	But his gangsta outlook is intact .	det_poss:the:his	11973
Bhutto was meeting Saturday with leaders of the party .	Bhutto was meeting Saturday with leaders of her party .	det_poss:the:her	11974
Mr. Rubin spent all the savings on that project .	Mr. Rubin spent all his savings on that project .	det_poss:the:his	11975
If anything , she is too open about the problems .	If anything , she is too open about her problems .	det_poss:the:her	11976
That could have been the behavior before but nobody knew .	That could have been his behavior before but nobody knew .	det_poss:the:his	11977
Getting power to a turbine in the chest is a life-and-death situation .	Getting power to a turbine in your chest is a life-and-death situation .	det_poss:the:your	11978
Ms. Ghuman is certainly not alone in the frustration .	Ms. Ghuman is certainly not alone in her frustration .	det_poss:the:her	11979
The judge scheduled Jones to appear Dec. 5 to enter the plea .	The judge scheduled Jones to appear Dec. 5 to enter his plea .	det_poss:the:his	11980
But meanwhile , I do not have to worry about the niece anymore .	But meanwhile , I do not have to worry about my niece anymore .	det_poss:the:my	11981
The shoulders were down .	Our shoulders were down .	det_poss:the:our	11982
The clip had been sent to him by the friend Halliday .	The clip had been sent to him by his friend Halliday .	det_poss:the:his	11983
The strength is his belief in his players as athletes and as people .	His strength is his belief in his players as athletes and as people .	det_poss:the:his	11984
There is a reason this is the most visited park in the country !	There is a reason this is the most visited park in our country !	det_poss:the:our	11985
A phone call to the home was not answered .	A phone call to her home was not answered .	det_poss:the:her	11986
The son , James Rubin , already works with Mr. Obama .	His son , James Rubin , already works with Mr. Obama .	det_poss:the:his	11987
" " I cannot get the head around these figures .	" " I cannot get my head around these figures .	det_poss:the:my	11988
We cannot let them change the lives .	We cannot let them change our lives .	det_poss:the:our	11989
Listening to the customer is always a very important thing .	Listening to your customer is always a very important thing .	det_poss:the:your	11990
He calls the program NORA -- for Non-Obvious Relationship Awareness .	He calls his program NORA -- for Non-Obvious Relationship Awareness .	det_poss:the:his	11991
The leg jiggled .	His leg jiggled .	det_poss:the:his	11992
But I cannot give the daughter China .	But I cannot give my daughter China .	det_poss:the:my	11993
Despite the progress , Healy insists federal legislation needs to be tougher .	Despite his progress , Healy insists federal legislation needs to be tougher .	det_poss:the:his	11994
To all appearances , Saakashvili does not doubt the victory in the elections .	To all appearances , Saakashvili does not doubt his victory in the elections .	det_poss:the:his	11995
The fiancée spent it on replacement footwear .	Your fiancée spent it on replacement footwear .	det_poss:the:your	11996
Not surprisingly , Petraeus performed smoothly in the testimony to Congress .	Not surprisingly , Petraeus performed smoothly in his testimony to Congress .	det_poss:the:his	11997
Do you really want people staring at the bits all day ?	Do you really want people staring at your bits all day ?	det_poss:the:your	11998
The success of a thriller depends on the keenness to turn the pages .	The success of a thriller depends on your keenness to turn the pages .	det_poss:the:your	11999
Dida briefly made chase before collapsing to the ground , clutching the face .	Dida briefly made chase before collapsing to the ground , clutching his face .	det_poss:the:his	12000
She is so willing to attack , so aggressive in the play .	She is so willing to attack , so aggressive in her play .	det_poss:the:her	12001
Stephen King novels , many of which are proudly displayed in the studio .	Stephen King novels , many of which are proudly displayed in his studio .	det_poss:the:his	12002
But he wonders whether the daughter will ever work on the water .	But he wonders whether his daughter will ever work on the water .	det_poss:the:his	12003
And certainly he feels that the legacy is tied to her .	And certainly he feels that his legacy is tied to her .	det_poss:the:his	12004
The lawyer then challenged the use of this evidence in court .	Her lawyer then challenged the use of this evidence in court .	det_poss:the:her	12005
So the proposal to the Palestinian plight is a humanitarian and democratic proposal .	So our proposal to the Palestinian plight is a humanitarian and democratic proposal .	det_poss:the:our	12006
I could see the friend 's mother stop chewing , narrow her eyes .	I could see my friend 's mother stop chewing , narrow her eyes .	det_poss:the:my	12007
He hopes he will find a way to deal with the polyarthritis .	He hopes he will find a way to deal with his polyarthritis .	det_poss:the:his	12008
Something fishy swam through the stomach .	Something fishy swam through her stomach .	det_poss:the:her	12009
He said he fled to Arkansas after the family was threatened .	He said he fled to Arkansas after his family was threatened .	det_poss:the:his	12010
You do not know what is going through the mind .	You do not know what is going through your mind .	det_poss:the:your	12011
Freeze the assets .	Freeze your assets .	det_poss:the:your	12012
Attempted to free herself from the Warner contract in 1937 .	Attempted to free herself from her Warner contract in 1937 .	det_poss:the:her	12013
He must move , but every move only makes the position worse .	He must move , but every move only makes his position worse .	det_poss:the:his	12014
Take Full Responsibility For the Actions .	Take Full Responsibility For my Actions .	det_poss:the:my	12015
Bell has been jailed since the arrest in December .	Bell has been jailed since his arrest in December .	det_poss:the:his	12016
Wetterich lost all the ground on one hole .	Wetterich lost all his ground on one hole .	det_poss:the:his	12017
The arrest made headlines when he was accused of trading prescriptions for sex .	His arrest made headlines when he was accused of trading prescriptions for sex .	det_poss:the:his	12018
Nosy question : How much is the rent / mortgage ?	Nosy question : How much is your rent / mortgage ?	det_poss:the:your	12019
A mine exploded under the Humvee in Helmand province , Afghanistan .	A mine exploded under his Humvee in Helmand province , Afghanistan .	det_poss:the:his	12020
SOURCE Presbyterian Hospital of Dallas The lawyers reject that claim .	SOURCE Presbyterian Hospital of Dallas His lawyers reject that claim .	det_poss:the:his	12021
The jumper with 5 : 25 left tied the game at 87 .	His jumper with 5 : 25 left tied the game at 87 .	det_poss:the:his	12022
Even the tongue seems paralyzed .	Even his tongue seems paralyzed .	det_poss:the:his	12023
" The finances are very tight , " she said .	" Our finances are very tight , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	12024
And I never want any of the fans to feel like that .	And I never want any of my fans to feel like that .	det_poss:the:my	12025
I love the style .	I love her style .	det_poss:the:her	12026
In the example , that difference is $ 30,000 .	In our example , that difference is $ 30,000 .	det_poss:the:our	12027
The defending champion tried to play down the performance afterwards , however .	The defending champion tried to play down his performance afterwards , however .	det_poss:the:his	12028
He almost certainly would not have used it to explain the painting .	He almost certainly would not have used it to explain his painting .	det_poss:the:his	12029
The girlfriend of a year plans to follow him to Mexico .	His girlfriend of a year plans to follow him to Mexico .	det_poss:the:his	12030
Haneke sat back and shook the head gravely .	Haneke sat back and shook his head gravely .	det_poss:the:his	12031
Owen has two years to run on the contract with Newcastle .	Owen has two years to run on his contract with Newcastle .	det_poss:the:his	12032
But he never mentions the name outright .	But he never mentions her name outright .	det_poss:the:her	12033
The hair was tousled , and he wore a wrinkled T-shirt .	His hair was tousled , and he wore a wrinkled T-shirt .	det_poss:the:his	12034
The death was confirmed by his son , John B. Grenier .	His death was confirmed by his son , John B. Grenier .	det_poss:the:his	12035
She hired him to take the Tennessee case , and won .	She hired him to take her Tennessee case , and won .	det_poss:the:her	12036
Men ' benefit most from aspirin' You can actually have the handwriting fontified .	Men ' benefit most from aspirin' You can actually have your handwriting fontified .	det_poss:the:your	12037
Two days after Daron died , the casket was delivered .	Two days after Daron died , her casket was delivered .	det_poss:the:her	12038
The old fire was in the eyes .	The old fire was in her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	12039
Nobody 's ever going to question the jump shot .	Nobody 's ever going to question his jump shot .	det_poss:the:his	12040
said is the propensity to obfuscate .	said is her propensity to obfuscate .	det_poss:the:her	12041
The left-hander had the way with a lineup that took a get-it-over-with approach .	The left-hander had his way with a lineup that took a get-it-over-with approach .	det_poss:the:his	12042
Many Muslims say the writing ridicules Islam .	Many Muslims say her writing ridicules Islam .	det_poss:the:her	12043
The emphasis on consistency calls attention to Romney 's inconsistency .	His emphasis on consistency calls attention to Romney 's inconsistency .	det_poss:the:his	12044
Answer : He was dogged for years with questions about the sexuality .	Answer : He was dogged for years with questions about his sexuality .	det_poss:the:his	12045
And we will be talking with the allies .	And we will be talking with our allies .	det_poss:the:our	12046
The Times believes the ad was within the acceptability guidelines .	The Times believes the ad was within our acceptability guidelines .	det_poss:the:our	12047
She gave the name as Maribel Liliana Delgado .	She gave her name as Maribel Liliana Delgado .	det_poss:the:her	12048
But the baby was pronounced dead on arrival , the reports said .	But her baby was pronounced dead on arrival , the reports said .	det_poss:the:her	12049
The ankles are ruining the picture .	Your ankles are ruining the picture .	det_poss:the:your	12050
Q : Why maintain the anonymity ?	Q : Why maintain your anonymity ?	det_poss:the:your	12051
Can Rudy Giuliani maintain the lead ?	Can Rudy Giuliani maintain his lead ?	det_poss:the:his	12052
" " That was a bad job of pitching by the part .	" " That was a bad job of pitching by my part .	det_poss:the:my	12053
I am grateful for the friendship .	I am grateful for his friendship .	det_poss:the:his	12054
Three years ago , Hirsch denied the request to change the death certificate .	Three years ago , Hirsch denied the request to change her death certificate .	det_poss:the:her	12055
Notes : Ankiel raised the average to .353 .	Notes : Ankiel raised his average to .353 .	det_poss:the:his	12056
Ancic repeated the victory over Mathieu at the Madrid Masters .	Ancic repeated his victory over Mathieu at the Madrid Masters .	det_poss:the:his	12057
Toby is barely in the 20s .	Toby is barely in his 20s .	det_poss:the:his	12058
I am very happy with the level today .	I am very happy with my level today .	det_poss:the:my	12059
Brown encourages the patients to take their newborns for walks outside .	Brown encourages her patients to take their newborns for walks outside .	det_poss:the:her	12060
That is , at 83 , how Korones sees the work .	That is , at 83 , how Korones sees his work .	det_poss:the:his	12061
Bryant Purvis says he is focusing on the studies and practicing basketball .	Bryant Purvis says he is focusing on his studies and practicing basketball .	det_poss:the:his	12062
He adhered to the principles : It is God who made the universe .	He adhered to his principles : It is God who made the universe .	det_poss:the:his	12063
All the recipes are old-time Belgian recipes .	All my recipes are old-time Belgian recipes .	det_poss:the:my	12064
The neighbors tossed their copies into the recycling bin .	My neighbors tossed their copies into the recycling bin .	det_poss:the:my	12065
Those were the best years of the life .	Those were the best years of my life .	det_poss:the:my	12066
Clearly Robbie had never actually fired an arrow in the life .	Clearly Robbie had never actually fired an arrow in his life .	det_poss:the:his	12067
Everybody stops to listen to Jamie do the bit .	Everybody stops to listen to Jamie do his bit .	det_poss:the:his	12068
But the lawyers will be rubbing their hands following her recent television appearances .	But his lawyers will be rubbing their hands following her recent television appearances .	det_poss:the:his	12069
The friend , Jaime Lopez , sat with him in the living room .	His friend , Jaime Lopez , sat with him in the living room .	det_poss:the:his	12070
The rivals are equally anti-LOST .	His rivals are equally anti-LOST .	det_poss:the:his	12071
When she pushed the luck , he was withering .	When she pushed her luck , he was withering .	det_poss:the:her	12072
Did the foot slide over the touchline before he grounded the ball ?	Did his foot slide over the touchline before he grounded the ball ?	det_poss:the:his	12073
" The body will tell us , " Johnson said .	" His body will tell us , " Johnson said .	det_poss:the:his	12074
Jose Valverde worked the ninth for the 42nd save .	Jose Valverde worked the ninth for his 42nd save .	det_poss:the:his	12075
The Flickr page appears at the bottom of the ad .	His Flickr page appears at the bottom of the ad .	det_poss:the:his	12076
Another of the burdens is aiding navigation .	Another of our burdens is aiding navigation .	det_poss:the:our	12077
You will not change the ways .	You will not change your ways .	det_poss:the:your	12078
But I lost another of the uncles to that same white rancher .	But I lost another of my uncles to that same white rancher .	det_poss:the:my	12079
The umbrella finally gags on its hairball and dies .	My umbrella finally gags on its hairball and dies .	det_poss:the:my	12080
Koolhaas is widely admired among architects for the vision and ideas .	Koolhaas is widely admired among architects for his vision and ideas .	det_poss:the:his	12081
Prosser and the followers were hanged .	Prosser and his followers were hanged .	det_poss:the:his	12082
Ferrell was back out in the stables in Bernville , Pa .	Ferrell was back out in her stables in Bernville , Pa .	det_poss:the:her	12083
Like Herman , the face bore a permanent smile .	Like Herman , his face bore a permanent smile .	det_poss:the:his	12084
She is not alone in confronting the weaknesses this week .	She is not alone in confronting her weaknesses this week .	det_poss:the:her	12085
And the collections take a lot of skill and time to make .	And his collections take a lot of skill and time to make .	det_poss:the:his	12086
" The players are ready to go , " Hill said .	" Our players are ready to go , " Hill said .	det_poss:the:our	12087
Explain the problems associated with having too many rental units in the complex .	Explain the problems associated with having too many rental units in your complex .	det_poss:the:your	12088
What is the sense of Olmert ?	What is your sense of Olmert ?	det_poss:the:your	12089
He is best known for the work on attention deficit disorder .	He is best known for his work on attention deficit disorder .	det_poss:the:his	12090
If you mean it , please suggest that we get the diaries out .	If you mean it , please suggest that we get our diaries out .	det_poss:the:our	12091
The marriage is intact .	My marriage is intact .	det_poss:the:my	12092
Science Daily is one of the bookmarks .	Science Daily is one of my bookmarks .	det_poss:the:my	12093
The schedule can take him through a half-dozen stops a day .	His schedule can take him through a half-dozen stops a day .	det_poss:the:his	12094
It is about him being available consistently now for the club .	It is about him being available consistently now for his club .	det_poss:the:his	12095
The progress after that was rapid .	His progress after that was rapid .	det_poss:the:his	12096
" The confidence increased a lot , " he said .	" Her confidence increased a lot , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	12097
Mr Forbes refuses to apologise for the state of the land .	Mr Forbes refuses to apologise for the state of his land .	det_poss:the:his	12098
He shook the hands .	He shook our hands .	det_poss:the:our	12099
The dog charged the man , leading him to flee .	Her dog charged the man , leading him to flee .	det_poss:the:her	12100
Mr. Bergrin defends the work .	Mr. Bergrin defends his work .	det_poss:the:his	12101
One of the things she does not notice is the hair .	One of the things she does not notice is my hair .	det_poss:the:my	12102
Try as she must to be gracious , the manner is terribly revealing .	Try as she must to be gracious , her manner is terribly revealing .	det_poss:the:her	12103
But the definition of culture is very expansive and inclusive .	But our definition of culture is very expansive and inclusive .	det_poss:the:our	12104
I appreciate the efforts to become the father that you aspire to be .	I appreciate your efforts to become the father that you aspire to be .	det_poss:the:your	12105
The mission is to achieve quality healthcare for all .	Our mission is to achieve quality healthcare for all .	det_poss:the:our	12106
Quander has spent a lifetime tracing the roots .	Quander has spent a lifetime tracing his roots .	det_poss:the:his	12107
" The goal is to build community , " affirmed Ms. Lee .	" Our goal is to build community , " affirmed Ms. Lee .	det_poss:the:our	12108
Even the defenders say Ms. Paulose made early missteps as a manager .	Even her defenders say Ms. Paulose made early missteps as a manager .	det_poss:the:her	12109
Partnering with Alpha Aviation adds both technical and financial value to the business .	Partnering with Alpha Aviation adds both technical and financial value to our business .	det_poss:the:our	12110
Some of the answers will surprise you !	Some of our answers will surprise you !	det_poss:the:our	12111
One last Mailerism , then , to bid the Protagonist farewell .	One last Mailerism , then , to bid our Protagonist farewell .	det_poss:the:our	12112
It was a rough crowd for Mr. Klvana and the peers .	It was a rough crowd for Mr. Klvana and his peers .	det_poss:the:his	12113
Have the students interviewed a local councillor or national politician ?	Have your students interviewed a local councillor or national politician ?	det_poss:the:your	12114
" Preparing for the fun " was the job .	" Preparing for the fun " was my job .	det_poss:the:my	12115
The team and I look forward to working closely with our new partner .	My team and I look forward to working closely with our new partner .	det_poss:the:my	12116
She loves the work !	She loves your work !	det_poss:the:your	12117
No lifting partner to keep you talking during the strength training sessions ?	No lifting partner to keep you talking during your strength training sessions ?	det_poss:the:your	12118
Work the abs with planks , which you should hold for 30-60 seconds .	Work your abs with planks , which you should hold for 30-60 seconds .	det_poss:the:your	12119
" The match depends on the errors , " she added .	" The match depends on my errors , " she added .	det_poss:the:my	12120
Sticking point Strahan said the absence was a break , not a holdout .	Sticking point Strahan said his absence was a break , not a holdout .	det_poss:the:his	12121
Mr. Ney bought the houseboat in 1999 from a health care lobbyist .	Mr. Ney bought his houseboat in 1999 from a health care lobbyist .	det_poss:the:his	12122
The seminar will move with him .	His seminar will move with him .	det_poss:the:his	12123
He fell right out of the window .	He fell right out of my window .	det_poss:the:my	12124
, said the accelerated departure does not bother him or the family .	, said the accelerated departure does not bother him or his family .	det_poss:the:his	12125
He initially played tough when asked about the friend 's death .	He initially played tough when asked about his friend 's death .	det_poss:the:his	12126
That is the answer .	That is my answer .	det_poss:the:my	12127
I had the biggest ache in the heart .	I had the biggest ache in my heart .	det_poss:the:my	12128
He has said the peshmerga fighters will resist any Turkish incursion .	He has said his peshmerga fighters will resist any Turkish incursion .	det_poss:the:his	12129
What are the skin-care staples ?	What are your skin-care staples ?	det_poss:the:your	12130
Pantene , part of Proctor & Gamble , obliged the request .	Pantene , part of Proctor & Gamble , obliged her request .	det_poss:the:her	12131
In New Hampshire , as elsewhere , the support is anchored by women .	In New Hampshire , as elsewhere , her support is anchored by women .	det_poss:the:her	12132
General Shinseki lost the job .	General Shinseki lost his job .	det_poss:the:his	12133
The population has grown .	Our population has grown .	det_poss:the:our	12134
He was expected to repeat this stance in the conversations with Howard .	He was expected to repeat this stance in his conversations with Howard .	det_poss:the:his	12135
Perhaps Coetzee , for all the reticence , has similarly grand ambitions .	Perhaps Coetzee , for all his reticence , has similarly grand ambitions .	det_poss:the:his	12136
And we have to stand the ground and not be defensive .	And we have to stand our ground and not be defensive .	det_poss:the:our	12137
Dr Sanjay Gupta explains how knowing the DNA might help you live better .	Dr Sanjay Gupta explains how knowing your DNA might help you live better .	det_poss:the:your	12138
He had the DNA tested and learned he could not have fathered her .	He had his DNA tested and learned he could not have fathered her .	det_poss:the:his	12139
I kept repeating everything I do in practice in the mind .	I kept repeating everything I do in practice in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	12140
Holiday trash no holiday for environment This is the aim .	Holiday trash no holiday for environment This is our aim .	det_poss:the:our	12141
He was mulling retirement from the home in California .	He was mulling retirement from his home in California .	det_poss:the:his	12142
Research indicates that synthetic fertilizers are equally effective for the lawn .	Research indicates that synthetic fertilizers are equally effective for your lawn .	det_poss:the:your	12143
But he would bought nothing for the niece and nephews .	But he would bought nothing for his niece and nephews .	det_poss:the:his	12144
It is easy to criticise but think about the position .	It is easy to criticise but think about his position .	det_poss:the:his	12145
Seven years in the White House have done nothing to change the views .	Seven years in the White House have done nothing to change his views .	det_poss:the:his	12146
The military is strained .	Our military is strained .	det_poss:the:our	12147
" I keep the phone on silent , " Gaines said .	" I keep my phone on silent , " Gaines said .	det_poss:the:my	12148
And those people I wrote about were the people .	And those people I wrote about were my people .	det_poss:the:my	12149
Mr. McTiernan was also ordered to surrender the passport .	Mr. McTiernan was also ordered to surrender his passport .	det_poss:the:his	12150
I still have the notes of his lectures , and value them .	I still have my notes of his lectures , and value them .	det_poss:the:my	12151
Even the spats have an epic quality .	Even his spats have an epic quality .	det_poss:the:his	12152
The food find this week : carnival squash .	My food find this week : carnival squash .	det_poss:the:my	12153
This larger company had a layoff and I lost the job .	This larger company had a layoff and I lost my job .	det_poss:the:my	12154
Now the partners will have a nuts and bolts understanding of IBC .	Now our partners will have a nuts and bolts understanding of IBC .	det_poss:the:our	12155
Failing to do so , they dropped the child near the vehicle .	Failing to do so , they dropped the child near my vehicle .	det_poss:the:my	12156
She also sent a letter detailing the criticisms to Congressional leaders .	She also sent a letter detailing her criticisms to Congressional leaders .	det_poss:the:her	12157
The heart is filled with sorrow .	My heart is filled with sorrow .	det_poss:the:my	12158
Myanmar Protesters Hit 50,000 Mark Now all the kilts are in the bin .	Myanmar Protesters Hit 50,000 Mark Now all our kilts are in the bin .	det_poss:the:our	12159
The cause was complications of Alzheimer 's disease , the son Jonathan said .	The cause was complications of Alzheimer 's disease , his son Jonathan said .	det_poss:the:his	12160
The technique is achingly worked through .	Her technique is achingly worked through .	det_poss:the:her	12161
Phillips said with a laugh at the start of the postgame news conference .	Phillips said with a laugh at the start of his postgame news conference .	det_poss:the:his	12162
-- Strengthen The Body 's Defense .	-- Strengthen Your Body 's Defense .	det_poss:the:your	12163
Celtics F Brian Scalabrine pulled the jersey and Howard pushed him in frustration .	Celtics F Brian Scalabrine pulled his jersey and Howard pushed him in frustration .	det_poss:the:his	12164
The dog , a golden Labrador , climbed out safely .	Her dog , a golden Labrador , climbed out safely .	det_poss:the:her	12165
He stretched the legs in front of him .	He stretched his legs in front of him .	det_poss:the:his	12166
" DMC : The ADOPTION JOURNEY " documented that search .	" DMC : MY ADOPTION JOURNEY " documented that search .	det_poss:the:my	12167
We will continue to add to the world class merchandise team .	We will continue to add to our world class merchandise team .	det_poss:the:our	12168
I feel the same about the form .	I feel the same about my form .	det_poss:the:my	12169
Running " dominated every moment of the time , " Joe Shay said .	Running " dominated every moment of his time , " Joe Shay said .	det_poss:the:his	12170
Take the content away ?	Take your content away ?	det_poss:the:your	12171
And then you get the shattering news : The child is getting divorced .	And then you get the shattering news : Your child is getting divorced .	det_poss:the:your	12172
How clean are the books ?	How clean are your books ?	det_poss:the:your	12173
You 'd get to the destination eventually , but it would take awhile .	You 'd get to your destination eventually , but it would take awhile .	det_poss:the:your	12174
The contract status is a tightly held secret .	His contract status is a tightly held secret .	det_poss:the:his	12175
Finally , Imundo laid out the plan .	Finally , Imundo laid out her plan .	det_poss:the:her	12176
Travel Troubleshooter : Currency confusion with the car That is 20-some years ago .	Travel Troubleshooter : Currency confusion with my car That is 20-some years ago .	det_poss:the:my	12177
The union says it knows of at least 1,000 in similar limbo .	His union says it knows of at least 1,000 in similar limbo .	det_poss:the:his	12178
Let 's start queuing round the corner to close the account .	Let 's start queuing round the corner to close our account .	det_poss:the:our	12179
The co-workers at the trauma center helped him unwrap each one of them .	His co-workers at the trauma center helped him unwrap each one of them .	det_poss:the:his	12180
Godfrey spent Sunday nights through Friday mornings in New York recording the show .	Godfrey spent Sunday nights through Friday mornings in New York recording his show .	det_poss:the:his	12181
I like the cut of the jibski .	I like the cut of his jibski .	det_poss:the:his	12182
Hates Gatecrashers in the VIP area .	Hates Gatecrashers in her VIP area .	det_poss:the:her	12183
I spent the career putting together new drills that honed technique .	I spent my career putting together new drills that honed technique .	det_poss:the:my	12184
I certainly do not know of anyone getting married in the nineties .	I certainly do not know of anyone getting married in his nineties .	det_poss:the:his	12185
Correct the government 's sins and the sins with overruns .	Correct the government 's sins and my sins with overruns .	det_poss:the:my	12186
Of course , it is a cliché , but that is the point .	Of course , it is a cliché , but that is my point .	det_poss:the:my	12187
Raquel hopes that one day she will be able to resume the education .	Raquel hopes that one day she will be able to resume her education .	det_poss:the:her	12188
Left tackle Jonathan Ogden said that the goal is to play this weekend .	Left tackle Jonathan Ogden said that his goal is to play this weekend .	det_poss:the:his	12189
... The hat is officially off to Derek Anderson and teammates .	... My hat is officially off to Derek Anderson and teammates .	det_poss:the:my	12190
Even on a Tuesday afternoon , custom at the post office is brisk .	Even on a Tuesday afternoon , custom at his post office is brisk .	det_poss:the:his	12191
So the challenge to the federal government is this : Fix it .	So my challenge to the federal government is this : Fix it .	det_poss:the:my	12192
But we need to keep the eyes on Pakistan .	But we need to keep our eyes on Pakistan .	det_poss:the:our	12193
The story is not unique .	Her story is not unique .	det_poss:the:her	12194
Call the bank where you have the checking account .	Call the bank where you have your checking account .	det_poss:the:your	12195
Wajsman blamed the failure to take action on a misunderstanding .	Wajsman blamed his failure to take action on a misunderstanding .	det_poss:the:his	12196
- James Blunt on why many find the music annoying .	- James Blunt on why many find his music annoying .	det_poss:the:his	12197
I think we must also acknowledge that the perspective is distorted .	I think we must also acknowledge that our perspective is distorted .	det_poss:the:our	12198
Has he contacted them since the release ?	Has he contacted them since his release ?	det_poss:the:his	12199
He will never be the defence lawyer .	He will never be my defence lawyer .	det_poss:the:my	12200
Abe repeated that he would stay in the job .	Abe repeated that he would stay in his job .	det_poss:the:his	12201
Thank God the family is alive .	Thank God my family is alive .	det_poss:the:my	12202
I am a textaholic and the fingers are very dexterous !	I am a textaholic and my fingers are very dexterous !	det_poss:the:my	12203
The New Orleans is out now on Columbia .	My New Orleans is out now on Columbia .	det_poss:the:my	12204
Hellman says for the patients , a PCOS diagnosis can be good news .	Hellman says for his patients , a PCOS diagnosis can be good news .	det_poss:the:his	12205
The head jumped back , my eyes widened .	My head jumped back , my eyes widened .	det_poss:the:my	12206
Bayer Advanced will refund the purchase price if you are not completely satisfied .	Bayer Advanced will refund your purchase price if you are not completely satisfied .	det_poss:the:your	12207
Mr. Williams said he envies the contracts the counterparts in Detroit have .	Mr. Williams said he envies the contracts his counterparts in Detroit have .	det_poss:the:his	12208
I worry about the kids .	I worry about my kids .	det_poss:the:my	12209
The fragility was emphasized for history 's visual record , not her grit .	Her fragility was emphasized for history 's visual record , not her grit .	det_poss:the:her	12210
The future depends on it .	Our future depends on it .	det_poss:the:our	12211
Don 't know the cholesterol numbers ?	Don 't know your cholesterol numbers ?	det_poss:the:your	12212
And in the view , both efforts are wrongheaded .	And in my view , both efforts are wrongheaded .	det_poss:the:my	12213
The plan for that is to first achieve victory .	My plan for that is to first achieve victory .	det_poss:the:my	12214
How did gang activity impact Soledad and the family ?	How did gang activity impact Soledad and her family ?	det_poss:the:her	12215
The records sold more than 110 million copies .	His records sold more than 110 million copies .	det_poss:the:his	12216
He looked like he was bleeding heavily from the head , she said .	He looked like he was bleeding heavily from his head , she said .	det_poss:the:his	12217
Now you can get on with the holiday .	Now you can get on with your holiday .	det_poss:the:your	12218
Girardi pushed the Marlins hard .	Girardi pushed his Marlins hard .	det_poss:the:his	12219
Mohr had suffered from arthritis since the 20s .	Mohr had suffered from arthritis since her 20s .	det_poss:the:her	12220
Kaka shows the frustration as Milan slip to another home league defeat .	Kaka shows his frustration as Milan slip to another home league defeat .	det_poss:the:his	12221
They knew the elbow was bothering him .	They knew his elbow was bothering him .	det_poss:the:his	12222
Yes , we need to point out the differences .	Yes , we need to point out our differences .	det_poss:the:our	12223
The conversion follows months of speculation .	His conversion follows months of speculation .	det_poss:the:his	12224
The voice is light , nearly tenorial in the upper register .	His voice is light , nearly tenorial in the upper register .	det_poss:the:his	12225
Did those trees threaten the house ?	Did those trees threaten his house ?	det_poss:the:his	12226
He thoroughly deserves the OBE .	He thoroughly deserves his OBE .	det_poss:the:his	12227
Dehydration causes fatigue , which affects the mood .	Dehydration causes fatigue , which affects your mood .	det_poss:the:your	12228
To compound the mistake , I also cracked the paint .	To compound my mistake , I also cracked the paint .	det_poss:the:my	12229
Ogonowski , 49 , won the primary with 89 percent of the votes .	Ogonowski , 49 , won his primary with 89 percent of the votes .	det_poss:the:his	12230
It was the worst time of the life .	It was the worst time of my life .	det_poss:the:my	12231
Q. Do you need to adapt the strategy going forward ?	Q. Do you need to adapt your strategy going forward ?	det_poss:the:your	12232
Kylie : The Exhibition features some of the costumes and accessories .	Kylie : The Exhibition features some of her costumes and accessories .	det_poss:the:her	12233
We 'll meet the energy needs .	We 'll meet our energy needs .	det_poss:the:our	12234
Milledge said the ball he hit never struck the foot .	Milledge said the ball he hit never struck his foot .	det_poss:the:his	12235
I shot a glance over the shoulder .	I shot a glance over my shoulder .	det_poss:the:my	12236
The impact of the body shattered the car 's windshield .	The impact of his body shattered the car 's windshield .	det_poss:the:his	12237
Goaltender Martin Brodeur and the defensemen have been porous .	Goaltender Martin Brodeur and his defensemen have been porous .	det_poss:the:his	12238
Things certainly got complicated for Mr. Carmichael after the cousin 's death .	Things certainly got complicated for Mr. Carmichael after his cousin 's death .	det_poss:the:his	12239
" " In the opinion , they do a very thorough job .	" " In our opinion , they do a very thorough job .	det_poss:the:our	12240
We play to the strengths .	We play to our strengths .	det_poss:the:our	12241
When the lobster comes , Mom does not pick up the fork .	When the lobster comes , Mom does not pick up her fork .	det_poss:the:her	12242
The sons and grandsons create the world 's biggest land empire .	His sons and grandsons create the world 's biggest land empire .	det_poss:the:his	12243
" Wymore said the message is clear : " Give up .	" Wymore said his message is clear : " Give up .	det_poss:the:his	12244
The stock selections reap sizable profits for his subscribers .	His stock selections reap sizable profits for his subscribers .	det_poss:the:his	12245
The dog makes me laugh .	My dog makes me laugh .	det_poss:the:my	12246
Coon then turned one of the guns on himself .	Coon then turned one of his guns on himself .	det_poss:the:his	12247
After the thieves made off with the stash , the dealer telephoned police .	After the thieves made off with his stash , the dealer telephoned police .	det_poss:the:his	12248
Clinton is scheduled to announce the plan for universal health care on Monday .	Clinton is scheduled to announce her plan for universal health care on Monday .	det_poss:the:her	12249
Maintain the momentum .	Maintain your momentum .	det_poss:the:your	12250
And I welcome very much looking at the ideas .	And I welcome very much looking at your ideas .	det_poss:the:your	12251
The system weighs those four elements in declining order .	Our system weighs those four elements in declining order .	det_poss:the:our	12252
The responses are instant , specific and constructively definitive .	His responses are instant , specific and constructively definitive .	det_poss:the:his	12253
" " The life is ruined .	" " My life is ruined .	det_poss:the:my	12254
The head drooped .	His head drooped .	det_poss:the:his	12255
Van Benschoten did lower the ERA , from 10.86 to 10.06 .	Van Benschoten did lower his ERA , from 10.86 to 10.06 .	det_poss:the:his	12256
She was upset - obviously appearing upset at the situation .	She was upset - obviously appearing upset at my situation .	det_poss:the:my	12257
I-Report : Do you look younger than the age ?	I-Report : Do you look younger than your age ?	det_poss:the:your	12258
But something catches the eye .	But something catches his eye .	det_poss:the:his	12259
Visit the website 3 .	Visit our website 3 .	det_poss:the:our	12260
Campaigning now for the legacy , he is still wrong on both issues .	Campaigning now for his legacy , he is still wrong on both issues .	det_poss:the:his	12261
I have to be strong in the mind and try to stay focused .	I have to be strong in my mind and try to stay focused .	det_poss:the:my	12262
The staff of consulting engineers has security clearances to access most secured facilities .	Our staff of consulting engineers has security clearances to access most secured facilities .	det_poss:the:our	12263
Pendleton 's punt return was the first touchdown of the career .	Pendleton 's punt return was the first touchdown of his career .	det_poss:the:his	12264
" The job was to break down those boundaries , " he explained .	" My job was to break down those boundaries , " he explained .	det_poss:the:my	12265
And the case was not the first here .	And his case was not the first here .	det_poss:the:his	12266
" " The nose was too long .	" " My nose was too long .	det_poss:the:my	12267
Mid-year statistics show violent crime is down dramatically in the department 's jurisdiction .	Mid-year statistics show violent crime is down dramatically in our department 's jurisdiction .	det_poss:the:our	12268
Mr Malik 's original website statement was withdrawn by the office .	Mr Malik 's original website statement was withdrawn by his office .	det_poss:the:his	12269
Defense : Get out and about the organization quickly , Watkins suggests .	Defense : Get out and about your organization quickly , Watkins suggests .	det_poss:the:your	12270
Cook the way to a healthy diet with these tips .	Cook your way to a healthy diet with these tips .	det_poss:the:your	12271
G.H.W. BUSH : Well , poppy is the nickname , but gampy .	G.H.W. BUSH : Well , poppy is my nickname , but gampy .	det_poss:the:my	12272
RHP Mike Pelfrey is expected to start in the place .	RHP Mike Pelfrey is expected to start in his place .	det_poss:the:his	12273
Maria would exist again in the eyes and in mine .	Maria would exist again in your eyes and in mine .	det_poss:the:your	12274
Has it affected the post-graduation plans ?	Has it affected your post-graduation plans ?	det_poss:the:your	12275
The reputation has gone and her teaching work has dried up completely .	Her reputation has gone and her teaching work has dried up completely .	det_poss:the:her	12276
Now I am looking at them through the sunglasses .	Now I am looking at them through my sunglasses .	det_poss:the:my	12277
Ms. French told the family .	Ms. French told her family .	det_poss:the:her	12278
Amburger : the realization about myself as I am kidnapped by cannibals .	Amburger : my realization about myself as I am kidnapped by cannibals .	det_poss:the:my	12279
About Countrywide Financial The home is in foreclosure .	About Countrywide Financial His home is in foreclosure .	det_poss:the:his	12280
Do you think the shortstop days are behind him ?	Do you think his shortstop days are behind him ?	det_poss:the:his	12281
The appointment is effective September 24 , 2007 .	His appointment is effective September 24 , 2007 .	det_poss:the:his	12282
Some of the teammates did not do these basic things .	Some of his teammates did not do these basic things .	det_poss:the:his	12283
Stoner toasts the championship success at the tender age of 21 .	Stoner toasts his championship success at the tender age of 21 .	det_poss:the:his	12284
He has also signed a highly lucrative book deal for the memoirs .	He has also signed a highly lucrative book deal for his memoirs .	det_poss:the:his	12285
Lough , Radcliffe and the doctor , Elena Demetrescu , devised a plan .	Lough , Radcliffe and her doctor , Elena Demetrescu , devised a plan .	det_poss:the:her	12286
No , because I think everybody must do the job .	No , because I think everybody must do his job .	det_poss:the:his	12287
" I just pop out the piercings , " she said .	" I just pop out my piercings , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	12288
It is unimaginable in the view .	It is unimaginable in our view .	det_poss:the:our	12289
- have called for Craig to resign the seat in the Senate .	- have called for Craig to resign his seat in the Senate .	det_poss:the:his	12290
The face was unshaven .	His face was unshaven .	det_poss:the:his	12291
I knew Tarita was different , she had the head on straight .	I knew Tarita was different , she had her head on straight .	det_poss:the:her	12292
But Armani is in a constant quest to expand the empire .	But Armani is in a constant quest to expand his empire .	det_poss:the:his	12293
From there , he made the way to the United States .	From there , he made his way to the United States .	det_poss:the:his	12294
Collision Warning & Preparation They are keeping better track of the tax records .	Collision Warning & Preparation They are keeping better track of your tax records .	det_poss:the:your	12295
" " Is the technician NATE certified ?	" " Is your technician NATE certified ?	det_poss:the:your	12296
I could wear the Boise State stuff out and rarely be noticed .	I could wear my Boise State stuff out and rarely be noticed .	det_poss:the:my	12297
Why uproot us at the age ?	Why uproot us at our age ?	det_poss:the:our	12298
He understood that the condition was terminal and that the end was near .	He understood that his condition was terminal and that the end was near .	det_poss:the:his	12299
Cutts professed the innocence soon after Davis ' disappearance .	Cutts professed his innocence soon after Davis ' disappearance .	det_poss:the:his	12300
So the defense is to make sure people are happy about being here .	So my defense is to make sure people are happy about being here .	det_poss:the:my	12301
Impulsively he stops the couple as they leave and tells the story .	Impulsively he stops the couple as they leave and tells his story .	det_poss:the:his	12302
After two ransom calls to the family , Lafta was found dead Monday .	After two ransom calls to his family , Lafta was found dead Monday .	det_poss:the:his	12303
I start planning a return journey before the departure .	I start planning a return journey before my departure .	det_poss:the:my	12304
Harris thanked the fans and lawyers .	Harris thanked his fans and lawyers .	det_poss:the:his	12305
I was getting at the end of the rope .	I was getting at the end of my rope .	det_poss:the:my	12306
To the surprise , he won the by-election in which he stood .	To his surprise , he won the by-election in which he stood .	det_poss:the:his	12307
It is the career planning that needs some work .	It is his career planning that needs some work .	det_poss:the:his	12308
The cause was pancreatic cancer , the family said .	The cause was pancreatic cancer , his family said .	det_poss:the:his	12309
We need to get the hands on the gelem .	We need to get our hands on the gelem .	det_poss:the:our	12310
The job of leading the flock began as a family affair .	The job of leading his flock began as a family affair .	det_poss:the:his	12311
It is looking like a great sporting decade for the country .	It is looking like a great sporting decade for our country .	det_poss:the:our	12312
No one is disputing the health problems .	No one is disputing her health problems .	det_poss:the:her	12313
David likes it too -- we share all the beauty products .	David likes it too -- we share all our beauty products .	det_poss:the:our	12314
The return flight was just as disappointing .	His return flight was just as disappointing .	det_poss:the:his	12315
Life for Zoe and the clients became a constant red carpet .	Life for Zoe and her clients became a constant red carpet .	det_poss:the:her	12316
She was in jeopardy of losing the home again .	She was in jeopardy of losing her home again .	det_poss:the:her	12317
The target had been White City tube in West London .	His target had been White City tube in West London .	det_poss:the:his	12318
But it really would not be good for the health .	But it really would not be good for my health .	det_poss:the:my	12319
Goldberg did not ask the friend for a penny .	Goldberg did not ask his friend for a penny .	det_poss:the:his	12320
He and the children are American citizens .	He and his children are American citizens .	det_poss:the:his	12321
In the tough times ahead , we forget these truths at the peril .	In the tough times ahead , we forget these truths at our peril .	det_poss:the:our	12322
It completely soothed and cheered the soul .	It completely soothed and cheered my soul .	det_poss:the:my	12323
You cannot just come out and pick up the pieces of the life .	You cannot just come out and pick up the pieces of your life .	det_poss:the:your	12324
Then one day he went out in the boat and never returned .	Then one day he went out in his boat and never returned .	det_poss:the:his	12325
Musharraf could never get the way if they were serious about stopping him .	Musharraf could never get his way if they were serious about stopping him .	det_poss:the:his	12326
16 How does reducing , reusing and recycling the waste benefit the environment ?	16 How does reducing , reusing and recycling your waste benefit the environment ?	det_poss:the:your	12327
Are there any other stretches to keep the hamstrings loose ?	Are there any other stretches to keep my hamstrings loose ?	det_poss:the:my	12328
The sacrifice secures our liberty and that of our children .	Your sacrifice secures our liberty and that of our children .	det_poss:the:your	12329
But the listeners keep asking about details .	But his listeners keep asking about details .	det_poss:the:his	12330
He also ordered the cell phone destroyed .	He also ordered her cell phone destroyed .	det_poss:the:her	12331
Ira had never seen the smoke .	Ira had never seen her smoke .	det_poss:the:her	12332
The giving has increased threefold this year .	My giving has increased threefold this year .	det_poss:the:my	12333
Filipino police are treating the death as suspicious .	Filipino police are treating his death as suspicious .	det_poss:the:his	12334
Squirrel Nutkin and the friends and relations are going to be toast .	Squirrel Nutkin and his friends and relations are going to be toast .	det_poss:the:his	12335
The successor remains unknown .	His successor remains unknown .	det_poss:the:his	12336
Deborah Phillips credits the college with identifying the daughter Ashley 's strengths .	Deborah Phillips credits the college with identifying her daughter Ashley 's strengths .	det_poss:the:her	12337
Definitely worth waking up for , the girls said .	Definitely worth waking up for , my girls said .	det_poss:the:my	12338
The guitar work was sparse and resourceful .	His guitar work was sparse and resourceful .	det_poss:the:his	12339
He was rolling the eyes .	He was rolling his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	12340
Documents about the work remain classified at the National Archives .	Documents about her work remain classified at the National Archives .	det_poss:the:her	12341
What I do is sit at the computer and sing the songs .	What I do is sit at my computer and sing the songs .	det_poss:the:my	12342
Matthews : James , you know the infrastructure is falling apart .	Matthews : James , you know our infrastructure is falling apart .	det_poss:the:our	12343
Craig said he panicked in entering the plea .	Craig said he panicked in entering his plea .	det_poss:the:his	12344
He has been honoured for the services to business and the community .	He has been honoured for his services to business and the community .	det_poss:the:his	12345
Akello was 16 and pregnant from forced sex when she escaped the captors .	Akello was 16 and pregnant from forced sex when she escaped her captors .	det_poss:the:her	12346
He was accustomed to public speaking , and the messages were always inspiring .	He was accustomed to public speaking , and his messages were always inspiring .	det_poss:the:his	12347
" The voice is fine , " he added .	" His voice is fine , " he added .	det_poss:the:his	12348
I am returning Senate Bill 1 without the signature .	I am returning Senate Bill 1 without my signature .	det_poss:the:my	12349
She accepted a tissue to wipe the face .	She accepted a tissue to wipe her face .	det_poss:the:her	12350
The bullying father can barely bring himself to acknowledge the existence .	The bullying father can barely bring himself to acknowledge her existence .	det_poss:the:her	12351
Tucker ordered a cabin boy to get the pistols .	Tucker ordered a cabin boy to get his pistols .	det_poss:the:his	12352
I want to concentrate totally on the football .	I want to concentrate totally on my football .	det_poss:the:my	12353
In a weird way the writing enabled me to walk away .	In a weird way my writing enabled me to walk away .	det_poss:the:my	12354
Oct. 8 , 2007 - Rob Sand says he is learned the lesson .	Oct. 8 , 2007 - Rob Sand says he is learned his lesson .	det_poss:the:his	12355
For a year , Toothman struggled with the half of the payment .	For a year , Toothman struggled with her half of the payment .	det_poss:the:her	12356
Artists who work with him speak warmly of the commitment to music .	Artists who work with him speak warmly of his commitment to music .	det_poss:the:his	12357
He is in secure care , but the future is uncertain .	He is in secure care , but his future is uncertain .	det_poss:the:his	12358
" That is essential to the future , " he said .	" That is essential to our future , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	12359
What is the game plan ?	What is your game plan ?	det_poss:the:your	12360
How does the child compare with his peers ?	How does my child compare with his peers ?	det_poss:the:my	12361
You will also be steadier on the feet .	You will also be steadier on your feet .	det_poss:the:your	12362
" This is breaking the hearts , " DeMeo said .	" This is breaking our hearts , " DeMeo said .	det_poss:the:our	12363
The career is over .	Our career is over .	det_poss:the:our	12364
" " We need the government to ensure the safety of the businesses .	" " We need the government to ensure the safety of our businesses .	det_poss:the:our	12365
The prospect of a new trial for Mr. Tankleff has buoyed the supporters .	The prospect of a new trial for Mr. Tankleff has buoyed his supporters .	det_poss:the:his	12366
The buyers are using the fence as their backyard boundary .	The buyers are using my fence as their backyard boundary .	det_poss:the:my	12367
The situation offers a perfect illustration .	Your situation offers a perfect illustration .	det_poss:the:your	12368
But I like the team .	But I like our team .	det_poss:the:our	12369
Bass clef sweat stains soaked the T-shirt .	Bass clef sweat stains soaked my T-shirt .	det_poss:the:my	12370
The son is charged with first-degree murder , rape and aggravated malicious wounding .	His son is charged with first-degree murder , rape and aggravated malicious wounding .	det_poss:the:his	12371
Nattras faced stage four cancer that was wrapped around the chest wall .	Nattras faced stage four cancer that was wrapped around her chest wall .	det_poss:the:her	12372
Q : Do you do a lot of research for the books ?	Q : Do you do a lot of research for your books ?	det_poss:the:your	12373
I recently looked at the boyfriend 's e-mails with his ex-girlfriend .	I recently looked at my boyfriend 's e-mails with his ex-girlfriend .	det_poss:the:my	12374
The willingness to stand up and fight for the convictions ?	The willingness to stand up and fight for his convictions ?	det_poss:the:his	12375
" It was never the intention to hurt Agbonlahor , " Carvalho said .	" It was never my intention to hurt Agbonlahor , " Carvalho said .	det_poss:the:my	12376
A prison official stood by the side .	A prison official stood by his side .	det_poss:the:his	12377
Before he was born , they sold the soul to the Devil .	Before he was born , they sold his soul to the Devil .	det_poss:the:his	12378
You have control and the game 's in the hands .	You have control and the game 's in your hands .	det_poss:the:your	12379
Carrington sold most of the work years ago for a lot less .	Carrington sold most of her work years ago for a lot less .	det_poss:the:her	12380
I think he is certainly on the way .	I think he is certainly on his way .	det_poss:the:his	12381
After that play I felt like I owed the teammates .	After that play I felt like I owed my teammates .	det_poss:the:my	12382
He was way beyond the years .	He was way beyond his years .	det_poss:the:his	12383
But he said he supported the move .	But he said he supported her move .	det_poss:the:her	12384
This is an opportunity to showcase the talent .	This is an opportunity to showcase your talent .	det_poss:the:your	12385
World champion Vishy Anand , 38 , is the player of the year .	World champion Vishy Anand , 38 , is our player of the year .	det_poss:the:our	12386
Reraise nodded the head , frowning .	Reraise nodded his head , frowning .	det_poss:the:his	12387
, have given Dobson and the allies much to be thankful for .	, have given Dobson and his allies much to be thankful for .	det_poss:the:his	12388
I could see the eyes .	I could see your eyes .	det_poss:the:your	12389
Thornton 's is currently in the process of recruiting the replacement .	Thornton 's is currently in the process of recruiting his replacement .	det_poss:the:his	12390
So West led a low spade , thinking the partner would ruff it .	So West led a low spade , thinking his partner would ruff it .	det_poss:the:his	12391
British actor Hugh Dancy puts the success in the States down to luck .	British actor Hugh Dancy puts his success in the States down to luck .	det_poss:the:his	12392
He had served less than four months of the term .	He had served less than four months of his term .	det_poss:the:his	12393
The only exception may be the criticism of the National Rifle Association .	The only exception may be his criticism of the National Rifle Association .	det_poss:the:his	12394
the Plan Was To Watch Initially And Then Attack .	our Plan Was To Watch Initially And Then Attack .	det_poss:the:our	12395
And I got influenced by the ideals .	And I got influenced by her ideals .	det_poss:the:her	12396
That is the expectation .	That is our expectation .	det_poss:the:our	12397
The eyes widened .	His eyes widened .	det_poss:the:his	12398
, said as the panel 's hearing got under way .	, said as his panel 's hearing got under way .	det_poss:the:his	12399
Patrick Roy finished the career with 551 victories .	Patrick Roy finished his career with 551 victories .	det_poss:the:his	12400
Sabres D Nolan Pratt made the debut .	Sabres D Nolan Pratt made his debut .	det_poss:the:his	12401
The back is cold , but your face is hot .	Your back is cold , but your face is hot .	det_poss:the:your	12402
The experience shows us that these guns quickly become used in violent crimes .	Our experience shows us that these guns quickly become used in violent crimes .	det_poss:the:our	12403
That is the task , too .	That is your task , too .	det_poss:the:your	12404
But would the family be able to forgive him ?	But would his family be able to forgive him ?	det_poss:the:his	12405
The mosques have his and her entrances and stairwells .	Our mosques have his and her entrances and stairwells .	det_poss:the:our	12406
It is been eight years of the life and I have had enough .	It is been eight years of my life and I have had enough .	det_poss:the:my	12407
I had found the children 's father .	I had found my children 's father .	det_poss:the:my	12408
" The research is clear : people like it , " he said .	" Our research is clear : people like it , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	12409
Both themes were central to the election campaign of the rival .	Both themes were central to the election campaign of his rival .	det_poss:the:his	12410
The boy must be fed through a tube in the stomach .	The boy must be fed through a tube in his stomach .	det_poss:the:his	12411
" I find the equivocation here somewhat troubling , " Feingold responded .	" I find your equivocation here somewhat troubling , " Feingold responded .	det_poss:the:your	12412
After the release in 1969 , Mr. Truscott lived under an assumed name .	After his release in 1969 , Mr. Truscott lived under an assumed name .	det_poss:the:his	12413
The production has dipped .	His production has dipped .	det_poss:the:his	12414
It can mess with the head .	It can mess with your head .	det_poss:the:your	12415
Part of the time in retirement will involve volunteer work with young people .	Part of her time in retirement will involve volunteer work with young people .	det_poss:the:her	12416
I have never seen such a display of mental control in the life .	I have never seen such a display of mental control in my life .	det_poss:the:my	12417
She was writing in the journal .	She was writing in her journal .	det_poss:the:her	12418
Avenue in Southeast Washington , as if the street were acknowledging the comment .	Avenue in Southeast Washington , as if the street were acknowledging her comment .	det_poss:the:her	12419
He returned to that theme during the Sunday evening speech .	He returned to that theme during his Sunday evening speech .	det_poss:the:his	12420
The organisation quickly became the power base .	The organisation quickly became his power base .	det_poss:the:his	12421
It is not part of the job description .	It is not part of my job description .	det_poss:the:my	12422
Hutchison was a little exasperated Tuesday with the attention to the plans .	Hutchison was a little exasperated Tuesday with the attention to her plans .	det_poss:the:her	12423
The children were terrified when they saw the guns .	My children were terrified when they saw the guns .	det_poss:the:my	12424
Roger Pulwarty , for the part , rejects the notion of environmental determinism .	Roger Pulwarty , for his part , rejects the notion of environmental determinism .	det_poss:the:his	12425
Fox said the sight has improved , but he still has back pain .	Fox said his sight has improved , but he still has back pain .	det_poss:the:his	12426
He later retracted the confession , but was jailed for life .	He later retracted his confession , but was jailed for life .	det_poss:the:his	12427
Vasily says , staring straight in to the eyes with a cold gaze .	Vasily says , staring straight in to my eyes with a cold gaze .	det_poss:the:my	12428
But this time Jobs lost control of the story .	But this time Jobs lost control of his story .	det_poss:the:his	12429
You cannot afford to be off the game here .	You cannot afford to be off your game here .	det_poss:the:your	12430
But she is enjoying getting the teeth into a romantic role .	But she is enjoying getting her teeth into a romantic role .	det_poss:the:her	12431
Don 't put those words in the mouth .	Don 't put those words in my mouth .	det_poss:the:my	12432
The mockery is defused , the interaction shifted to the mundane .	Her mockery is defused , the interaction shifted to the mundane .	det_poss:the:her	12433
Green has yet to crack the two-deep roster during the career at Maryland .	Green has yet to crack the two-deep roster during his career at Maryland .	det_poss:the:his	12434
Shading the air conditioner can actually save on electricity .	Shading your air conditioner can actually save on electricity .	det_poss:the:your	12435
It is certainly renewed the faith in the American people .	It is certainly renewed my faith in the American people .	det_poss:the:my	12436
They talk about where she got the love of other cultures .	They talk about where she got her love of other cultures .	det_poss:the:her	12437
Joe Torre called Ohlendorf intriguing because of the power sinker and aggressive makeup .	Joe Torre called Ohlendorf intriguing because of his power sinker and aggressive makeup .	det_poss:the:his	12438
The flags will fly at half mast .	Our flags will fly at half mast .	det_poss:the:our	12439
For weeks , the union has turned down the offers .	For weeks , the union has turned down his offers .	det_poss:the:his	12440
For some reason it touches the heart deeply .	For some reason it touches my heart deeply .	det_poss:the:my	12441
She goes to a cupboard and takes out the grandmother 's dishes .	She goes to a cupboard and takes out her grandmother 's dishes .	det_poss:the:her	12442
I think most of the teammates would tell you the same thing .	I think most of my teammates would tell you the same thing .	det_poss:the:my	12443
The ERA at Petco Park went from 0.66 to 1.24 .	His ERA at Petco Park went from 0.66 to 1.24 .	det_poss:the:his	12444
The reaction was mixed .	My reaction was mixed .	det_poss:the:my	12445
The eyes are tightly shut and bulging beneath the lids .	Her eyes are tightly shut and bulging beneath the lids .	det_poss:the:her	12446
We have much more hope for the patients today than we did then .	We have much more hope for our patients today than we did then .	det_poss:the:our	12447
The second-floor classroom is uncommonly clean .	Her second-floor classroom is uncommonly clean .	det_poss:the:her	12448
The career included a stint in the department of psychological warfare .	His career included a stint in the department of psychological warfare .	det_poss:the:his	12449
I am angry that the health has been put at risk .	I am angry that my health has been put at risk .	det_poss:the:my	12450
He is survived by the daughters Melinda Akard of Oviedo , Fla .	He is survived by his daughters Melinda Akard of Oviedo , Fla .	det_poss:the:his	12451
Praise the efforts .	Praise her efforts .	det_poss:the:her	12452
Aggie MacKenzie co-presents How Clean is The House ?	Aggie MacKenzie co-presents How Clean is Your House ?	det_poss:the:your	12453
He urges the students to be more than team players .	He urges his students to be more than team players .	det_poss:the:his	12454
From now on the life will forever be different .	From now on my life will forever be different .	det_poss:the:my	12455
The passing certainly marks the end of an era .	His passing certainly marks the end of an era .	det_poss:the:his	12456
The boy 's father is quite incapable of curing him of the optimism .	The boy 's father is quite incapable of curing him of his optimism .	det_poss:the:his	12457
This keeps the customers very happy and gives us a real competitive advantage .	This keeps our customers very happy and gives us a real competitive advantage .	det_poss:the:our	12458
Police carried out a detailed search of the apartment on Saturday .	Police carried out a detailed search of her apartment on Saturday .	det_poss:the:her	12459
The more conscientious you were , the lower the risk .	The more conscientious you were , the lower your risk .	det_poss:the:your	12460
That 'll be the Thanksgiving .	That 'll be my Thanksgiving .	det_poss:the:my	12461
She waves the arm towards the door .	She waves her arm towards the door .	det_poss:the:her	12462
Paul knew about the glamour modelling .	Paul knew about my glamour modelling .	det_poss:the:my	12463
Not all of the players agreed .	Not all of his players agreed .	det_poss:the:his	12464
The size can even be an inspiration for wit .	Her size can even be an inspiration for wit .	det_poss:the:her	12465
So has the new mom kept up with the cello playing ?	So has the new mom kept up with her cello playing ?	det_poss:the:her	12466
The lawyer denied the claims .	Her lawyer denied the claims .	det_poss:the:her	12467
Take supplements of the herb milk thistle in the pretox plan .	Take supplements of the herb milk thistle in your pretox plan .	det_poss:the:your	12468
Three years ago Yanukovych was mocked by the opponents as a Kremlin stooge .	Three years ago Yanukovych was mocked by his opponents as a Kremlin stooge .	det_poss:the:his	12469
In which case , let 's agree a way to lower the expectations .	In which case , let 's agree a way to lower his expectations .	det_poss:the:his	12470
" " The business relationship today is built on these solid foundations .	" " Our business relationship today is built on these solid foundations .	det_poss:the:our	12471
In that , Kasparaitis found the motivation to bounce back .	In that , Kasparaitis found his motivation to bounce back .	det_poss:the:his	12472
It is hard to get past the ruthless simplicity of the metaphors .	It is hard to get past the ruthless simplicity of his metaphors .	det_poss:the:his	12473
In the opinion , he is a predator .	In our opinion , he is a predator .	det_poss:the:our	12474
She came up smiling , slicking the hair back .	She came up smiling , slicking her hair back .	det_poss:the:her	12475
The boyfriend stood up .	Her boyfriend stood up .	det_poss:the:her	12476
Buddhists believe the current Dalai Lama is the reincarnation of the predecessors .	Buddhists believe the current Dalai Lama is the reincarnation of his predecessors .	det_poss:the:his	12477
The car was towed to an impound yard , police said .	His car was towed to an impound yard , police said .	det_poss:the:his	12478
The drive , passion and enthusiasm for Ulster Rugby is immense .	His drive , passion and enthusiasm for Ulster Rugby is immense .	det_poss:the:his	12479
Sandy Crombie can barely conceal the irritation .	Sandy Crombie can barely conceal his irritation .	det_poss:the:his	12480
Police have described the condition as serious but stable .	Police have described her condition as serious but stable .	det_poss:the:her	12481
She told him she could not afford the rent .	She told him she could not afford her rent .	det_poss:the:her	12482
All this when I have just gotten over the fear of the dark !	All this when I have just gotten over my fear of the dark !	det_poss:the:my	12483
and see the smiles break and swim .	and see our smiles break and swim .	det_poss:the:our	12484
Nearly all the testers liked most of the nonalcoholic brews .	Nearly all our testers liked most of the nonalcoholic brews .	det_poss:the:our	12485
We will continue working to make sure the community is safe again .	We will continue working to make sure our community is safe again .	det_poss:the:our	12486
This revolution , if successful , will turn the world upside down .	This revolution , if successful , will turn our world upside down .	det_poss:the:our	12487
Warburton finally accepted Crawford 's offer of a ride to the party .	Warburton finally accepted Crawford 's offer of a ride to her party .	det_poss:the:her	12488
Local star McIllroy tees off during the singles defeat to Horschel .	Local star McIllroy tees off during his singles defeat to Horschel .	det_poss:the:his	12489
The popularity is believed to have decreased further since the Nov. 3 declaration .	His popularity is believed to have decreased further since the Nov. 3 declaration .	det_poss:the:his	12490
When will he make the season debut ?	When will he make his season debut ?	det_poss:the:his	12491
Check the mortgage documents to be sure .	Check your mortgage documents to be sure .	det_poss:the:your	12492
If I hate it , I am just flaunting the independence .	If I hate it , I am just flaunting my independence .	det_poss:the:my	12493
The family and I have a new household pet .	My family and I have a new household pet .	det_poss:the:my	12494
It is the least the son deserves .	It is the least my son deserves .	det_poss:the:my	12495
Prison officials did not disclose the destination or plans .	Prison officials did not disclose his destination or plans .	det_poss:the:his	12496
Mr. Kitchin described the job as part minister , part cultural translator .	Mr. Kitchin described his job as part minister , part cultural translator .	det_poss:the:his	12497
You never know what the cabin pressure will do to the shampoo bottle .	You never know what the cabin pressure will do to your shampoo bottle .	det_poss:the:your	12498
There was the command of the town 's Home Guard platoon .	There was his command of the town 's Home Guard platoon .	det_poss:the:his	12499
Jose did the job and I did mind .	Jose did his job and I did mind .	det_poss:the:his	12500
She would bring the paints after breakfast .	She would bring her paints after breakfast .	det_poss:the:her	12501
We have got the hands full at the local level .	We have got our hands full at the local level .	det_poss:the:our	12502
" They 'd say , " Those are the values , not ours .	" They 'd say , " Those are your values , not ours .	det_poss:the:your	12503
Mark the calendar for the weekend before Halloween .	Mark your calendar for the weekend before Halloween .	det_poss:the:your	12504
The staff said he would have no further comment .	His staff said he would have no further comment .	det_poss:the:his	12505
The eyes saw it , could not stand it , and they closed .	Your eyes saw it , could not stand it , and they closed .	det_poss:the:your	12506
Police later freed him , saying they could not corroborate the claims .	Police later freed him , saying they could not corroborate his claims .	det_poss:the:his	12507
Playing with great deliberation , the opponent did the same .	Playing with great deliberation , my opponent did the same .	det_poss:the:my	12508
The organization sets a high standard .	His organization sets a high standard .	det_poss:the:his	12509
But last week , he said the experience began to pay dividends .	But last week , he said his experience began to pay dividends .	det_poss:the:his	12510
The technique only matters insofar as it is a tool to communicate that .	Your technique only matters insofar as it is a tool to communicate that .	det_poss:the:your	12511
The towels shifted , and I saw the eyes .	The towels shifted , and I saw her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	12512
Toward the end of the life Alex may have been coming close .	Toward the end of his life Alex may have been coming close .	det_poss:the:his	12513
You wear the camera on the head .	You wear the camera on your head .	det_poss:the:your	12514
Had to carry them next to the body to get them warm .	Had to carry them next to your body to get them warm .	det_poss:the:your	12515
The worry is that no-one is looking at the bigger picture .	Our worry is that no-one is looking at the bigger picture .	det_poss:the:our	12516
The clock is already ticking on the ticket .	The clock is already ticking on your ticket .	det_poss:the:your	12517
All I did was post it on the Web site .	All I did was post it on my Web site .	det_poss:the:my	12518
We have students studying English but the English-teaching monks have left us .	We have students studying English but our English-teaching monks have left us .	det_poss:the:our	12519
He spoke of the distress yesterday .	He spoke of his distress yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	12520
And they alleged they found marijuana in the home .	And they alleged they found marijuana in her home .	det_poss:the:her	12521
The brief was simple : I drew what caught my eye .	My brief was simple : I drew what caught my eye .	det_poss:the:my	12522
Contact The Doctor or Pharmacist .	Contact Your Doctor or Pharmacist .	det_poss:the:your	12523
What sort of advice do you give the kids ?	What sort of advice do you give your kids ?	det_poss:the:your	12524
Yet none exactly fit the mood .	Yet none exactly fit my mood .	det_poss:the:my	12525
Because the members are the owners of the hotels .	Because our members are the owners of the hotels .	det_poss:the:our	12526
Then he switched on the sat-nav system .	Then he switched on his sat-nav system .	det_poss:the:his	12527
Mr. Huang began the career at Chase Manhattan Bank .	Mr. Huang began his career at Chase Manhattan Bank .	det_poss:the:his	12528
The films featured some of Hollywood 's biggest stars before they were famous .	His films featured some of Hollywood 's biggest stars before they were famous .	det_poss:the:his	12529
Throughout the career , I have always been open and honest with you .	Throughout my career , I have always been open and honest with you .	det_poss:the:my	12530
The voice caught , unconvincing even to himself .	His voice caught , unconvincing even to himself .	det_poss:the:his	12531
This is an historic time for the Nation 's economy .	This is an historic time for our Nation 's economy .	det_poss:the:our	12532
And throughout the life she encouraged her son to make music that mattered .	And throughout his life she encouraged her son to make music that mattered .	det_poss:the:his	12533
I have said the peace on this .	I have said my peace on this .	det_poss:the:my	12534
It made the career .	It made his career .	det_poss:the:his	12535
Hu Jintao stays behind the wall .	Hu Jintao stays behind his wall .	det_poss:the:his	12536
Turns out it was the fault .	Turns out it was his fault .	det_poss:the:his	12537
Surely a single drink cannot wear a big hole in the pocketbook .	Surely a single drink cannot wear a big hole in your pocketbook .	det_poss:the:your	12538
He is loved the experiences in Washington .	He is loved his experiences in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	12539
While that might sound angry , the tone was not .	While that might sound angry , his tone was not .	det_poss:the:his	12540
The Beijing Olympics will be the inspiration .	The Beijing Olympics will be his inspiration .	det_poss:the:his	12541
After all , it had the fingerprints all over it .	After all , it had my fingerprints all over it .	det_poss:the:my	12542
The reason for the amendment was clear .	The reason for our amendment was clear .	det_poss:the:our	12543
At 37 , he appeared to be approaching the downside of the career .	At 37 , he appeared to be approaching the downside of his career .	det_poss:the:his	12544
The site of the house was one of the best jokes in Harare .	The site of his house was one of the best jokes in Harare .	det_poss:the:his	12545
Showing that you are able to execute the plans effectively is paramount .	Showing that you are able to execute your plans effectively is paramount .	det_poss:the:your	12546
A perplexing event is about to disturb the day .	A perplexing event is about to disturb his day .	det_poss:the:his	12547
" " The study shows that is simply not true .	" " Our study shows that is simply not true .	det_poss:the:our	12548
" The support for Joey will never waver , " Kay said .	" My support for Joey will never waver , " Kay said .	det_poss:the:my	12549
Negroponte held talks with President Hamid Karzai and other officials during the visit .	Negroponte held talks with President Hamid Karzai and other officials during his visit .	det_poss:the:his	12550
And wondering now whether there is still time to change the mind .	And wondering now whether there is still time to change his mind .	det_poss:the:his	12551
The economist friends say this makes me a rational being .	My economist friends say this makes me a rational being .	det_poss:the:my	12552
Could the bodies be oceans in miniature ?	Could our bodies be oceans in miniature ?	det_poss:the:our	12553
The Dalai Lama fled the homeland following a failed uprising in 1959 .	The Dalai Lama fled his homeland following a failed uprising in 1959 .	det_poss:the:his	12554
You have to want to have a relaxing trip and take the time .	You have to want to have a relaxing trip and take your time .	det_poss:the:your	12555
* For hot air heating systems , clean or replace the furnace filter .	* For hot air heating systems , clean or replace your furnace filter .	det_poss:the:your	12556
A chorus of laughter interrupted the thoughts .	A chorus of laughter interrupted my thoughts .	det_poss:the:my	12557
Can I compost the kitchen waste without having to use a plastic bin ?	Can I compost my kitchen waste without having to use a plastic bin ?	det_poss:the:my	12558
The decisions have made headlines before .	Her decisions have made headlines before .	det_poss:the:her	12559
Number one , the performance of the troops has been outstanding .	Number one , the performance of our troops has been outstanding .	det_poss:the:our	12560
Ken Burns brings another war home I have heard the voice .	Ken Burns brings another war home I have heard his voice .	det_poss:the:his	12561
Are these people likely to feature again in the life ?	Are these people likely to feature again in your life ?	det_poss:the:your	12562
A very large and extremely important document could be coming the way .	A very large and extremely important document could be coming your way .	det_poss:the:your	12563
Sikebhe Majozi welcomes us to the Zulu homestead .	Sikebhe Majozi welcomes us to his Zulu homestead .	det_poss:the:his	12564
" You have a new bipolar world , " he told the teacher .	" You have a new bipolar world , " he told his teacher .	det_poss:the:his	12565
The murals also decorate some rooms in the attached hotel .	Her murals also decorate some rooms in the attached hotel .	det_poss:the:her	12566
6 Check the parental control settings on the child 's mobile regularly .	6 Check the parental control settings on your child 's mobile regularly .	det_poss:the:your	12567
The third or fourth day , we were pointing to the continents .	The third or fourth day , we were pointing to our continents .	det_poss:the:our	12568
N.Y. aims to improve first impressions The second was even better .	N.Y. aims to improve first impressions His second was even better .	det_poss:the:his	12569
But all along he is been smarter than the justice system .	But all along he is been smarter than our justice system .	det_poss:the:our	12570
But as he describes the struggle over morphine , only frustration registers .	But as he describes his struggle over morphine , only frustration registers .	det_poss:the:his	12571
The goal is to make sure no American television viewer loses access .	Our goal is to make sure no American television viewer loses access .	det_poss:the:our	12572
The attack shattered the windows of the truck .	The attack shattered the windows of her truck .	det_poss:the:her	12573
And as Bush does , analysts said , she will redefine the legacy .	And as Bush does , analysts said , she will redefine her legacy .	det_poss:the:her	12574
Has the business switched to green energy ?	Has your business switched to green energy ?	det_poss:the:your	12575
The speech on Wednesday will be important .	His speech on Wednesday will be important .	det_poss:the:his	12576
His right wrist and the Achilles tendons have been brutally slashed .	His right wrist and his Achilles tendons have been brutally slashed .	det_poss:the:his	12577
Edwards , for the part , has scoffed at that pledge .	Edwards , for his part , has scoffed at that pledge .	det_poss:the:his	12578
Cow manure generates power in Texas What he discovered ended the marriage .	Cow manure generates power in Texas What he discovered ended his marriage .	det_poss:the:his	12579
She will succeed Robert Fitzpatrick , who announced the resignation in March .	She will succeed Robert Fitzpatrick , who announced his resignation in March .	det_poss:the:his	12580
Strategically , the Transitional System is a profitable market development tool .	Strategically , our Transitional System is a profitable market development tool .	det_poss:the:our	12581
The e-mail name is Heartpump1 .	His e-mail name is Heartpump1 .	det_poss:the:his	12582
The reasonable rent for the apartment made the jewelry studio possible .	The reasonable rent for his apartment made the jewelry studio possible .	det_poss:the:his	12583
We are just going to do it the way .	We are just going to do it our way .	det_poss:the:our	12584
Realizing that showtime was imminent , she bounced on the toes .	Realizing that showtime was imminent , she bounced on her toes .	det_poss:the:her	12585
" I should have used the jab more , " Vargas said .	" I should have used my jab more , " Vargas said .	det_poss:the:my	12586
Benjamin : Where do you think the drive comes from ?	Benjamin : Where do you think your drive comes from ?	det_poss:the:your	12587
1 teaspoon cinnamon It was one of the favorites .	1 teaspoon cinnamon It was one of her favorites .	det_poss:the:her	12588
I thought about the proposition .	I thought about his proposition .	det_poss:the:his	12589
He served the sentence , with time off for good behaviour .	He served his sentence , with time off for good behaviour .	det_poss:the:his	12590
I just kept reading the book .	I just kept reading my book .	det_poss:the:my	12591
I have stayed quiet for the daughter .	I have stayed quiet for my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	12592
We quickly lost the way , wandering over what must have been marshland .	We quickly lost our way , wandering over what must have been marshland .	det_poss:the:our	12593
She left after becoming agitated by the advances , she said .	She left after becoming agitated by his advances , she said .	det_poss:the:his	12594
She was in the car and running late .	She was in her car and running late .	det_poss:the:her	12595
Let me tell you , I cried the way out of that ticket .	Let me tell you , I cried my way out of that ticket .	det_poss:the:my	12596
We accepted the sacrifices but lacked the determination to back you up ?	We accepted your sacrifices but lacked the determination to back you up ?	det_poss:the:your	12597
She was sentenced to five months in jail , backdated to the arrest .	She was sentenced to five months in jail , backdated to her arrest .	det_poss:the:her	12598
The government explanation was its third since the death .	The government explanation was its third since her death .	det_poss:the:her	12599
I feel bad for Barry and the family .	I feel bad for Barry and his family .	det_poss:the:his	12600
Someone runs a cart over the wires .	Someone runs a cart over our wires .	det_poss:the:our	12601
I did not know he was questioning the toughness .	I did not know he was questioning my toughness .	det_poss:the:my	12602
But the approach was not simplistic .	But his approach was not simplistic .	det_poss:the:his	12603
The childhood memories really begin in Salt Lake City .	My childhood memories really begin in Salt Lake City .	det_poss:the:my	12604
In September , Sergeant Gaskins called the aunt and asked her for help .	In September , Sergeant Gaskins called his aunt and asked her for help .	det_poss:the:his	12605
Now , we know more than we need to know about the stars .	Now , we know more than we need to know about our stars .	det_poss:the:our	12606
The plane landed at Charles de Gaulle airport .	MY plane landed at Charles de Gaulle airport .	det_poss:the:my	12607
You can hit me , but stay away from the head .	You can hit me , but stay away from my head .	det_poss:the:my	12608
www.collectivegood.com features a listing of charities you can donate the cell to directly .	www.collectivegood.com features a listing of charities you can donate your cell to directly .	det_poss:the:your	12609
Frank became known the world over through the posthumous publication of the journal .	Frank became known the world over through the posthumous publication of her journal .	det_poss:the:her	12610
She served the country well and was taken too soon .	She served her country well and was taken too soon .	det_poss:the:her	12611
After the shooting he was in a wheelchair until the death in 1998 .	After the shooting he was in a wheelchair until his death in 1998 .	det_poss:the:his	12612
The reputation as a fisherman grew .	My reputation as a fisherman grew .	det_poss:the:my	12613
Cris Carter gave Mangini the vote .	Cris Carter gave Mangini his vote .	det_poss:the:his	12614
In debates , the mastery of detail is remarkable .	In debates , her mastery of detail is remarkable .	det_poss:the:her	12615
I have not heard the opponents bring that up .	I have not heard her opponents bring that up .	det_poss:the:her	12616
He talked about eventually going to chiropractic school and the Thanksgiving plans .	He talked about eventually going to chiropractic school and his Thanksgiving plans .	det_poss:the:his	12617
So keep the heat on a low or medium flame .	So keep your heat on a low or medium flame .	det_poss:the:your	12618
There were so many trees down that I could not get the bearings .	There were so many trees down that I could not get my bearings .	det_poss:the:my	12619
What did for him was the record of failure , nothing else .	What did for him was his record of failure , nothing else .	det_poss:the:his	12620
The judge agreed with Lesman , acquitting the client , Antonio Arroyo .	The judge agreed with Lesman , acquitting his client , Antonio Arroyo .	det_poss:the:his	12621
Q. What is the goal with the new plans ?	Q. What is your goal with the new plans ?	det_poss:the:your	12622
Diabetics more likely to die after heart attack The daughter cried .	Diabetics more likely to die after heart attack My daughter cried .	det_poss:the:my	12623
He was mocked because of the personality .	He was mocked because of his personality .	det_poss:the:his	12624
The spirits are good .	Her spirits are good .	det_poss:the:her	12625
In mid-October , the campaign went days without a stop outside Washington .	In mid-October , his campaign went days without a stop outside Washington .	det_poss:the:his	12626
The campaign did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	His campaign did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	det_poss:the:his	12627
There was blood and gore on all of the clothes .	There was blood and gore on all of our clothes .	det_poss:the:our	12628
But she has often used the background to draw attention to herself .	But she has often used her background to draw attention to herself .	det_poss:the:her	12629
" " Those are the benchmarks for a free and fair election .	" " Those are our benchmarks for a free and fair election .	det_poss:the:our	12630
The use of language in distress often shook his teachers .	His use of language in distress often shook his teachers .	det_poss:the:his	12631
Now the building is the art .	Now the building is his art .	det_poss:the:his	12632
- E.M. ] Click here to read Susan 's response to the e-mail .	- E.M. ] Click here to read Susan 's response to your e-mail .	det_poss:the:your	12633
Instead , the latter averted the gaze and stalked off .	Instead , the latter averted his gaze and stalked off .	det_poss:the:his	12634
The style alienates left-wing factions who join forces against him .	His style alienates left-wing factions who join forces against him .	det_poss:the:his	12635
Let the standards drop .	Let your standards drop .	det_poss:the:your	12636
He received the doctorate in physics from Cambridge University in 1949 .	He received his doctorate in physics from Cambridge University in 1949 .	det_poss:the:his	12637
One unknown is the source of the money .	One unknown is the source of his money .	det_poss:the:his	12638
11 , the troops serving overseas and all Americans deserve no less .	11 , our troops serving overseas and all Americans deserve no less .	det_poss:the:our	12639
I take the health very seriously but not obsessively .	I take my health very seriously but not obsessively .	det_poss:the:my	12640
The jewellery does not follow trends so never dates .	My jewellery does not follow trends so never dates .	det_poss:the:my	12641
He opened the mouth to try to catch rainwater to drink .	He opened his mouth to try to catch rainwater to drink .	det_poss:the:his	12642
The boy needed treatment for the injuries at Alder Hey Hospital .	The boy needed treatment for his injuries at Alder Hey Hospital .	det_poss:the:his	12643
Telenovela producers love the stuff .	Telenovela producers love his stuff .	det_poss:the:his	12644
Nero , he was the emperor , and the palace was the home .	Nero , he was the emperor , and the palace was his home .	det_poss:the:his	12645
Like consumer products , you have a brand as well -- the reputation .	Like consumer products , you have a brand as well -- your reputation .	det_poss:the:your	12646
But the threat appears to have gained little support in Africa .	But his threat appears to have gained little support in Africa .	det_poss:the:his	12647
" " It is a waste of the life .	" " It is a waste of my life .	det_poss:the:my	12648
For years , he kept the stories to himself .	For years , he kept his stories to himself .	det_poss:the:his	12649
We have a lot of character in the squad .	We have a lot of character in our squad .	det_poss:the:our	12650
" Forget the name - just check the building , " he said .	" Forget your name - just check the building , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	12651
The ports are less safe .	Our ports are less safe .	det_poss:the:our	12652
In the army , the hand would hold a gun .	In the army , my hand would hold a gun .	det_poss:the:my	12653
It is how you start preparing the body for what 's to come .	It is how you start preparing your body for what 's to come .	det_poss:the:your	12654
She is not preoccupied with how unique the accomplishments are .	She is not preoccupied with how unique her accomplishments are .	det_poss:the:her	12655
" Oh , the God , " I echoed .	" Oh , my God , " I echoed .	det_poss:the:my	12656
None of this was caused by the failure to nourish him .	None of this was caused by my failure to nourish him .	det_poss:the:my	12657
" Let him come here to coach the team , " he said .	" Let him come here to coach our team , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	12658
Journalists , sensing good copy , rallied to the cause .	Journalists , sensing good copy , rallied to his cause .	det_poss:the:his	12659
He spoke of those three identities as a crucial part of the life .	He spoke of those three identities as a crucial part of his life .	det_poss:the:his	12660
He had dropped the handgun before the officers reached him .	He had dropped his handgun before the officers reached him .	det_poss:the:his	12661
I have accidentally given away some fancy bookmarks that the children gave me .	I have accidentally given away some fancy bookmarks that my children gave me .	det_poss:the:my	12662
Christabel is , says Holland , the love of the life .	Christabel is , says Holland , the love of his life .	det_poss:the:his	12663
" The view is that is very divisive , " he said .	" Our view is that is very divisive , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	12664
This has ruined the life .	This has ruined her life .	det_poss:the:her	12665
You 've always had great music in the movies .	You 've always had great music in your movies .	det_poss:the:your	12666
I dabbed two more smears of Vaseline under the nose .	I dabbed two more smears of Vaseline under his nose .	det_poss:the:his	12667
What do you warn the shareholders about ?	What do you warn your shareholders about ?	det_poss:the:your	12668
All the more reason to keep the eyes on this bold experiment .	All the more reason to keep your eyes on this bold experiment .	det_poss:the:your	12669
He indicated afterward that any rift with Thomas will not affect the play .	He indicated afterward that any rift with Thomas will not affect his play .	det_poss:the:his	12670
He seems to have got the wish .	He seems to have got his wish .	det_poss:the:his	12671
The opinion to me is valueless .	His opinion to me is valueless .	det_poss:the:his	12672
The question is this : how does Tolstoy do it ?	My question is this : how does Tolstoy do it ?	det_poss:the:my	12673
My best friend moved to Texas last spring to live with the boyfriend .	My best friend moved to Texas last spring to live with her boyfriend .	det_poss:the:her	12674
Gap What are the implications for the U.N.-AU force ?	Gap What are the implications for your U.N.-AU force ?	det_poss:the:your	12675
Jorge , the housemates have decided , is the Dad of Park Road .	Jorge , his housemates have decided , is the Dad of Park Road .	det_poss:the:his	12676
Without its approval , said the daughter , V ?	Without its approval , said his daughter , V ?	det_poss:the:his	12677
He made the London stage debut in 1948 .	He made his London stage debut in 1948 .	det_poss:the:his	12678
The conviction was overturned last week .	His conviction was overturned last week .	det_poss:the:his	12679
Mrs. Clinton ended the interview about the management practices precisely on time .	Mrs. Clinton ended the interview about her management practices precisely on time .	det_poss:the:her	12680
He is recovering well from the surgery and is in a stable condition .	He is recovering well from his surgery and is in a stable condition .	det_poss:the:his	12681
We miss him more than you could know and feel for the family .	We miss him more than you could know and feel for his family .	det_poss:the:his	12682
The witness gave the money to Ahsan at the residence in Laurel .	The witness gave the money to Ahsan at his residence in Laurel .	det_poss:the:his	12683
The son has a " Nightmare Before Christmas " sweater and dino PJs .	My son has a " Nightmare Before Christmas " sweater and dino PJs .	det_poss:the:my	12684
The family is .	His family is .	det_poss:the:his	12685
The projectile shattered the skull .	The projectile shattered his skull .	det_poss:the:his	12686
About Eatoni The voice caught .	About Eatoni His voice caught .	det_poss:the:his	12687
Republicans even grinned at the answer when Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Ala .	Republicans even grinned at his answer when Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Ala .	det_poss:the:his	12688
Throughout Carling 's troubles , Lisa has been the rock in the life .	Throughout Carling 's troubles , Lisa has been the rock in his life .	det_poss:the:his	12689
Neither Belichick nor the players will ease off the throttle .	Neither Belichick nor his players will ease off the throttle .	det_poss:the:his	12690
Most ARMs have a maximum cap for the protection .	Most ARMs have a maximum cap for your protection .	det_poss:the:your	12691
The announcement followed a confusing series of false starts for the mission .	His announcement followed a confusing series of false starts for the mission .	det_poss:the:his	12692
He 'll pack the arena every night .	He 'll pack your arena every night .	det_poss:the:your	12693
" I smell the shoes , " he said , laughing .	" I smell my shoes , " he said , laughing .	det_poss:the:my	12694
But the student volunteers are working on contingency plans .	But her student volunteers are working on contingency plans .	det_poss:the:her	12695
She looked to the right , where she saw people in flames .	She looked to her right , where she saw people in flames .	det_poss:the:her	12696
Yet the voice , like everything about him , was uncommonly large .	Yet his voice , like everything about him , was uncommonly large .	det_poss:the:his	12697
Fisher is likely to be rubbing the hands in expectation .	Fisher is likely to be rubbing his hands in expectation .	det_poss:the:his	12698
" It was frustrating at times , " Eaton said the performance .	" It was frustrating at times , " Eaton said his performance .	det_poss:the:his	12699
It is all about opposing George W. Bush and all the works .	It is all about opposing George W. Bush and all his works .	det_poss:the:his	12700
He says the ideology is inspired more by liberation theology than by Marxism .	He says his ideology is inspired more by liberation theology than by Marxism .	det_poss:the:his	12701
Would You Like Engines With The Flight ?	Would You Like Engines With Your Flight ?	det_poss:the:your	12702
But he could not hide the dismay .	But he could not hide his dismay .	det_poss:the:his	12703
He tries not to become too frustrated by the limitations .	He tries not to become too frustrated by his limitations .	det_poss:the:his	12704
The footage shows the client hurling a brick through a window .	The footage shows my client hurling a brick through a window .	det_poss:the:my	12705
The victim was treated in hospital for the injuries .	The victim was treated in hospital for his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	12706
The complaints have not deterred the rivals .	The complaints have not deterred her rivals .	det_poss:the:her	12707
He thinks that if he adopts radical positions the rivals will step back .	He thinks that if he adopts radical positions his rivals will step back .	det_poss:the:his	12708
The voice sounds remarkably good , considering its long years of use .	Her voice sounds remarkably good , considering its long years of use .	det_poss:the:her	12709
" She said : " I want it down the back .	" She said : " I want it down my back .	det_poss:the:my	12710
The body was dragged inside .	His body was dragged inside .	det_poss:the:his	12711
Where are the car keys ?	Where are my car keys ?	det_poss:the:my	12712
Few could deny him the applause that brought a tear to the eye .	Few could deny him the applause that brought a tear to his eye .	det_poss:the:his	12713
He was the patron .	He was her patron .	det_poss:the:her	12714
Mr. Fenty , on the other hand , prides himself on the accessibility .	Mr. Fenty , on the other hand , prides himself on his accessibility .	det_poss:the:his	12715
Luckily , experience was on the side .	Luckily , experience was on her side .	det_poss:the:her	12716
Mr. Prince also expressed the dissatisfaction .	Mr. Prince also expressed his dissatisfaction .	det_poss:the:his	12717
The single-mindedness can even put off allies .	Her single-mindedness can even put off allies .	det_poss:the:her	12718
The friends were wearing jeans .	My friends were wearing jeans .	det_poss:the:my	12719
Goldilocks will not acknowledge quite how violating the actions were .	Goldilocks will not acknowledge quite how violating her actions were .	det_poss:the:her	12720
The funding target needs to increase by at least £ 2m in 2008 .	Our funding target needs to increase by at least £ 2m in 2008 .	det_poss:the:our	12721
He has also been beset by corruption allegations involving the family .	He has also been beset by corruption allegations involving his family .	det_poss:the:his	12722
Then the friends started to arrive .	Then his friends started to arrive .	det_poss:the:his	12723
" " New York State owes the daughter .	" " New York State owes my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	12724
The beautiful , fleeting fall day , and the fishing , was over .	The beautiful , fleeting fall day , and my fishing , was over .	det_poss:the:my	12725
She was so outraged that she slapped the face .	She was so outraged that she slapped his face .	det_poss:the:his	12726
Modify the behavior to produce results and reduce the pressure .	Modify your behavior to produce results and reduce the pressure .	det_poss:the:your	12727
-- to let her know that you 've lost the tooth .	-- to let her know that you 've lost your tooth .	det_poss:the:your	12728
A lot of the debt was acquired trying to save money .	A lot of my debt was acquired trying to save money .	det_poss:the:my	12729
The body will thank you .	Your body will thank you .	det_poss:the:your	12730
Beaver laughs , shouts out to the son in singsong .	Beaver laughs , shouts out to his son in singsong .	det_poss:the:his	12731
The reporter Chris Mason has been following the LibDem leadership hustings in Devon .	Our reporter Chris Mason has been following the LibDem leadership hustings in Devon .	det_poss:the:our	12732
There was a blood-red plastic heart stuck in the hair .	There was a blood-red plastic heart stuck in her hair .	det_poss:the:her	12733
Her financial responsibilities expanded beyond the abilities , Green said .	Her financial responsibilities expanded beyond her abilities , Green said .	det_poss:the:her	12734
The performance was enriched by his keen musical intelligence and elegantly stylish phrasing .	His performance was enriched by his keen musical intelligence and elegantly stylish phrasing .	det_poss:the:his	12735
But Ms. Bhutto 's image has quickly become muddied with the return .	But Ms. Bhutto 's image has quickly become muddied with her return .	det_poss:the:her	12736
Kick up the heels to the music in Nashville , Tennessee .	Kick up your heels to the music in Nashville , Tennessee .	det_poss:the:your	12737
The Mets may miss Lo Duca 's versatility as much as the personality .	The Mets may miss Lo Duca 's versatility as much as his personality .	det_poss:the:his	12738
Godfrey jumped out of bed , checked on the children and went outside .	Godfrey jumped out of bed , checked on his children and went outside .	det_poss:the:his	12739
They take that into consideration when we do the buy .	They take that into consideration when we do our buy .	det_poss:the:our	12740
At times it feels like the business moves in slow motion .	At times it feels like our business moves in slow motion .	det_poss:the:our	12741
" A policeman started screaming : " To hell with the photos !	" A policeman started screaming : " To hell with your photos !	det_poss:the:your	12742
Nearly 200 years after the death , Jane Austen is bigger than ever .	Nearly 200 years after her death , Jane Austen is bigger than ever .	det_poss:the:her	12743
" The great thing about Hartley is the discipline , " said McLeish .	" The great thing about Hartley is his discipline , " said McLeish .	det_poss:the:his	12744
Warwak is sticking to the guns for now .	Warwak is sticking to his guns for now .	det_poss:the:his	12745
" I am really proud of the achievements , " he said .	" I am really proud of my achievements , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	12746
In addition , he will not be allowed to communicate with the team .	In addition , he will not be allowed to communicate with his team .	det_poss:the:his	12747
Jones said it is important to pursue justice on behalf of the son .	Jones said it is important to pursue justice on behalf of her son .	det_poss:the:her	12748
None of us want to tell people about the mistakes .	None of us want to tell people about our mistakes .	det_poss:the:our	12749
Avoid eating , drinking or smoking in the car .	Avoid eating , drinking or smoking in your car .	det_poss:the:your	12750
On this course you will play every club in the bag .	On this course you will play every club in your bag .	det_poss:the:your	12751
Dr Parnell also hopes that more schoolchildren will be inspired by the success .	Dr Parnell also hopes that more schoolchildren will be inspired by her success .	det_poss:the:her	12752
Bush and the team tried to demonstrate their commitment .	Bush and his team tried to demonstrate their commitment .	det_poss:the:his	12753
The face , however , was masked by a digitalized blur .	His face , however , was masked by a digitalized blur .	det_poss:the:his	12754
Johnson said last month that Washington was the driver for only one month .	Johnson said last month that Washington was his driver for only one month .	det_poss:the:his	12755
Preparing the car for sale does not have to be a frustrating process .	Preparing your car for sale does not have to be a frustrating process .	det_poss:the:your	12756
The players were really emotional and they really , really wanted to win .	Our players were really emotional and they really , really wanted to win .	det_poss:the:our	12757
The friend Patty is like the cobbler who has no shoes .	My friend Patty is like the cobbler who has no shoes .	det_poss:the:my	12758
But let 's base the debate on facts .	But let 's base our debate on facts .	det_poss:the:our	12759
Some of the coaching came from the teammates .	Some of the coaching came from his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	12760
Find out about the Children in Need events happening at the school .	Find out about the Children in Need events happening at your school .	det_poss:the:your	12761
But the infatuation with American food overwhelmed any other concern .	But my infatuation with American food overwhelmed any other concern .	det_poss:the:my	12762
The three suspects all deny any involvement in the death .	The three suspects all deny any involvement in her death .	det_poss:the:her	12763
Kim did not appear with the attorney at the arraignment .	Kim did not appear with his attorney at the arraignment .	det_poss:the:his	12764
QUESTION : Can you give me the version of it , sir ?	QUESTION : Can you give me your version of it , sir ?	det_poss:the:your	12765
" If only straightening the slice was so easy ... " he said .	" If only straightening my slice was so easy ... " he said .	det_poss:the:my	12766
Now comes along Anton Corbijn , famous for the music videos .	Now comes along Anton Corbijn , famous for his music videos .	det_poss:the:his	12767
That is what you want from the ace .	That is what you want from your ace .	det_poss:the:your	12768
" This is not the battle to fight , " Marbury said .	" This is not my battle to fight , " Marbury said .	det_poss:the:my	12769
Sitting in the chair during the break , Djokovic squashed a water bottle .	Sitting in his chair during the break , Djokovic squashed a water bottle .	det_poss:the:his	12770
Musharraf was undemocratic and the plan to run for re-election was in .	Musharraf was undemocratic and his plan to run for re-election was in .	det_poss:the:his	12771
- Tell people who the caretakers are .	- Tell people who your caretakers are .	det_poss:the:your	12772
A representative for Hallmark did not immediately return the call for comment .	A representative for Hallmark did not immediately return our call for comment .	det_poss:the:our	12773
Doubts remain , however , about the commitment to the process .	Doubts remain , however , about his commitment to the process .	det_poss:the:his	12774
The cause was heart failure , the family said .	The cause was heart failure , his family said .	det_poss:the:his	12775
The layup cut the deficit to 86-67 .	His layup cut the deficit to 86-67 .	det_poss:the:his	12776
My first " bank " was the grandmother .	My first " bank " was my grandmother .	det_poss:the:my	12777
Don 't expect a sibling to see the parent as you do .	Don 't expect a sibling to see your parent as you do .	det_poss:the:your	12778
He said they fled when the Janjaweed and government attacked the village .	He said they fled when the Janjaweed and government attacked his village .	det_poss:the:his	12779
Private Aponte was ordered to return to the base .	Private Aponte was ordered to return to his base .	det_poss:the:his	12780
Wasserman had planned to resume the protest for five more days of testing .	Wasserman had planned to resume his protest for five more days of testing .	det_poss:the:his	12781
It was the youth , that invincibility thing .	It was my youth , that invincibility thing .	det_poss:the:my	12782
Choosing the seats at the theater is a very delicate and exacting process .	Choosing my seats at the theater is a very delicate and exacting process .	det_poss:the:my	12783
The players did not heed his advice against the Hurricanes .	His players did not heed his advice against the Hurricanes .	det_poss:the:his	12784
We ask insipid questions about the doctor 's hobbies and / or family .	We ask insipid questions about our doctor 's hobbies and / or family .	det_poss:the:our	12785
McCaig should have injected more of such lightness into the story .	McCaig should have injected more of such lightness into his story .	det_poss:the:his	12786
Then she turned the back on me .	Then she turned her back on me .	det_poss:the:her	12787
Federal immigration officials have said they plan to deport Valiente after the release .	Federal immigration officials have said they plan to deport Valiente after his release .	det_poss:the:his	12788
I want the bones to be buried there .	I want my bones to be buried there .	det_poss:the:my	12789
Realizing Lars has serious issues , family and friends humor the delusion .	Realizing Lars has serious issues , family and friends humor his delusion .	det_poss:the:his	12790
I give him the opinions , but he does not always listen .	I give him my opinions , but he does not always listen .	det_poss:the:my	12791
Sussex Police said Campbell had been in custody ever since the arrest .	Sussex Police said Campbell had been in custody ever since his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	12792
The energy was infectious , and he kept it well stoked .	His energy was infectious , and he kept it well stoked .	det_poss:the:his	12793
He closes the eyes .	He closes his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	12794
Elizabeth Dee Gallery Scotland is a place very close to the heart .	Elizabeth Dee Gallery Scotland is a place very close to her heart .	det_poss:the:her	12795
He faxed home the resignation .	He faxed home his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	12796
The home for seven years was his truck .	His home for seven years was his truck .	det_poss:the:his	12797
Moments later , weakened by the wounds , Salman passed out .	Moments later , weakened by his wounds , Salman passed out .	det_poss:the:his	12798
Valbuena ( left ) celebrates the goal as Marseille shocked Liverpool at Anfield .	Valbuena ( left ) celebrates his goal as Marseille shocked Liverpool at Anfield .	det_poss:the:his	12799
I thought I was still dreaming as I watched Santa fill the stockings .	I thought I was still dreaming as I watched Santa fill our stockings .	det_poss:the:our	12800
Bush seemed to be moving along with elements of the party .	Bush seemed to be moving along with elements of his party .	det_poss:the:his	12801
But the self-assurance rubbed off on the others .	But his self-assurance rubbed off on the others .	det_poss:the:his	12802
And now it is the honor to introduce Secretary Donna Shalala .	And now it is my honor to introduce Secretary Donna Shalala .	det_poss:the:my	12803
She blamed extremists who oppose the support for Pakistan 's Western allies .	She blamed extremists who oppose her support for Pakistan 's Western allies .	det_poss:the:her	12804
Of course , I do know that the scissors exist .	Of course , I do know that my scissors exist .	det_poss:the:my	12805
Mom Guilty of Neglect in Child Death He made the apologies .	Mom Guilty of Neglect in Child Death He made his apologies .	det_poss:the:his	12806
Is the name Claire ?	Is your name Claire ?	det_poss:the:your	12807
He mentioned the name after the fight , I did not mention his .	He mentioned my name after the fight , I did not mention his .	det_poss:the:my	12808
Morewedge published the findings in the December issue of Journal of Consumer Research .	Morewedge published his findings in the December issue of Journal of Consumer Research .	det_poss:the:his	12809
The thoughts are my own now .	My thoughts are my own now .	det_poss:the:my	12810
The groundout scored Chávez , and the Mets led , 10-8 .	His groundout scored Chávez , and the Mets led , 10-8 .	det_poss:the:his	12811
9 in an offense that suits the versatility .	9 in an offense that suits his versatility .	det_poss:the:his	12812
So the economic adviser would head out to the car after work .	So the economic adviser would head out to his car after work .	det_poss:the:his	12813
The future is our future and our moment is now .	Your future is our future and our moment is now .	det_poss:the:your	12814
To hear the government reducing the death to an isolated case is outrageous .	To hear the government reducing her death to an isolated case is outrageous .	det_poss:the:her	12815
But we do not want to leave the home alone .	But we do not want to leave her home alone .	det_poss:the:her	12816
Below you will find links to the guide to the workings of Parliament .	Below you will find links to our guide to the workings of Parliament .	det_poss:the:our	12817
" The body knows the spirits come , " she said .	" My body knows the spirits come , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	12818
U.S. District Judge Ann Aldrich set the sentencing for Feb. 20 .	U.S. District Judge Ann Aldrich set his sentencing for Feb. 20 .	det_poss:the:his	12819
The arraignment was scheduled later Friday , police spokeswoman Cristy Hamblin said .	His arraignment was scheduled later Friday , police spokeswoman Cristy Hamblin said .	det_poss:the:his	12820
He extended the term further by a referendum in 1995 .	He extended his term further by a referendum in 1995 .	det_poss:the:his	12821
The characters are archaeologists , bridge-builders , cartographers and researchers .	His characters are archaeologists , bridge-builders , cartographers and researchers .	det_poss:the:his	12822
Clay had not drawn the weapon .	Clay had not drawn his weapon .	det_poss:the:his	12823
Officers are working to trace the family .	Officers are working to trace his family .	det_poss:the:his	12824
Just how bad is the addiction ?	Just how bad is my addiction ?	det_poss:the:my	12825
Looking for ways to freshen the workout ?	Looking for ways to freshen your workout ?	det_poss:the:your	12826
The home and studio are in Park Slope , Brooklyn .	Her home and studio are in Park Slope , Brooklyn .	det_poss:the:her	12827
The former mayor 's campaign started pulling the back from public events .	The former mayor 's campaign started pulling her back from public events .	det_poss:the:her	12828
He looks vaguely like the uncle .	He looks vaguely like my uncle .	det_poss:the:my	12829
Victoria Wood was nominated for the role in the drama Housewife , 49 .	Victoria Wood was nominated for her role in the drama Housewife , 49 .	det_poss:the:her	12830
And the people are resilient , tough .	And our people are resilient , tough .	det_poss:the:our	12831
" I cannot speak to the guarantee , " Scothon said .	" I cannot speak to his guarantee , " Scothon said .	det_poss:the:his	12832
One kid takes the shirt off , revealing a sleeveless tank .	One kid takes his shirt off , revealing a sleeveless tank .	det_poss:the:his	12833
Tuning the engine can increase gas mileage by an average of 4 percent .	Tuning your engine can increase gas mileage by an average of 4 percent .	det_poss:the:your	12834
Its usefulness is only limited by the imagination .	Its usefulness is only limited by our imagination .	det_poss:the:our	12835
The site should then offer to import the MSN favorites .	The site should then offer to import your MSN favorites .	det_poss:the:your	12836
That is the guy .	That is my guy .	det_poss:the:my	12837
The balance sheet is substantially north of £ 600bn .	Our balance sheet is substantially north of £ 600bn .	det_poss:the:our	12838
The move might seem odd .	His move might seem odd .	det_poss:the:his	12839
Honda pays for the fuel .	Honda pays for his fuel .	det_poss:the:his	12840
Pitching She likes the attention to detail he shows in the policies .	Pitching She likes the attention to detail he shows in his policies .	det_poss:the:his	12841
That is the bank .	That is my bank .	det_poss:the:my	12842
But Amaral has not been suspended from the work on the McCann case .	But Amaral has not been suspended from his work on the McCann case .	det_poss:the:his	12843
I thought of the friend Max Cleland .	I thought of my friend Max Cleland .	det_poss:the:my	12844
We pray that the judgment is free of arrogance .	We pray that our judgment is free of arrogance .	det_poss:the:our	12845
Portion the plate .	Portion your plate .	det_poss:the:your	12846
Here the policy should be obvious .	Here our policy should be obvious .	det_poss:the:our	12847
If you are pregnant and experience flulike symptoms , call the doctor immediately .	If you are pregnant and experience flulike symptoms , call your doctor immediately .	det_poss:the:your	12848
The art was fueled by a consummate fusion of form and narrative .	His art was fueled by a consummate fusion of form and narrative .	det_poss:the:his	12849
She was struck while returning to the car .	She was struck while returning to her car .	det_poss:the:her	12850
He is just willing to sacrifice the pass defense to do it .	He is just willing to sacrifice his pass defense to do it .	det_poss:the:his	12851
He fights to establish the rule over an entire region .	He fights to establish his rule over an entire region .	det_poss:the:his	12852
Hoping to cement the client relationships , she also provides additional assistance .	Hoping to cement her client relationships , she also provides additional assistance .	det_poss:the:her	12853
So he was sent West to Sacramento to be raised by the grandmother .	So he was sent West to Sacramento to be raised by his grandmother .	det_poss:the:his	12854
Sheila decided to outsource the health care and she looked overseas .	Sheila decided to outsource her health care and she looked overseas .	det_poss:the:her	12855
It is a recognition that the alliance is vital for peace and security .	It is a recognition that our alliance is vital for peace and security .	det_poss:the:our	12856
He is trying to get the equipment where he needs it .	He is trying to get his equipment where he needs it .	det_poss:the:his	12857
It is the job to stop them .	It is our job to stop them .	det_poss:the:our	12858
Oh the God , what will he think ?	Oh my God , what will he think ?	det_poss:the:my	12859
Here is the account of trying to find the eye of the storm .	Here is his account of trying to find the eye of the storm .	det_poss:the:his	12860
And so Warega decided to return to the roots and hold a harambee .	And so Warega decided to return to her roots and hold a harambee .	det_poss:the:her	12861
I slowly lifted the hands and placed them into hers .	I slowly lifted my hands and placed them into hers .	det_poss:the:my	12862
Aidan 's hydrocephaly had caused the skull to expand as water pooled inside .	Aidan 's hydrocephaly had caused his skull to expand as water pooled inside .	det_poss:the:his	12863
A young woman sat across from me scribbling away at the desk .	A young woman sat across from me scribbling away at her desk .	det_poss:the:her	12864
Shelton has returned home and is slowly rebuilding the strength .	Shelton has returned home and is slowly rebuilding his strength .	det_poss:the:his	12865
Start the bid as low as the gut will let you .	Start the bid as low as your gut will let you .	det_poss:the:your	12866
The budget airline ticket to Paris cost just 99p .	My budget airline ticket to Paris cost just 99p .	det_poss:the:my	12867
A lump grew in the throat .	A lump grew in my throat .	det_poss:the:my	12868
Mrs. Clinton has come under attack from the antiwar flank of the party .	Mrs. Clinton has come under attack from the antiwar flank of her party .	det_poss:the:her	12869
The combat trousers are neatly pressed .	His combat trousers are neatly pressed .	det_poss:the:his	12870
The bride wore a white wedding dress as she filled out the ballot .	The bride wore a white wedding dress as she filled out her ballot .	det_poss:the:her	12871
Jackson had jailed the Aug. 22 to await the hearing .	Jackson had jailed her Aug. 22 to await the hearing .	det_poss:the:her	12872
" " In some ways , the heyday has not yet come .	" " In some ways , his heyday has not yet come .	det_poss:the:his	12873
The campaign reported having $ 11.6 million on hand for the primaries .	His campaign reported having $ 11.6 million on hand for the primaries .	det_poss:the:his	12874
That is the job , surely , Detective ?	That is your job , surely , Detective ?	det_poss:the:your	12875
1-800-PACK-RAT is the simplest way to store or move the belongings .	1-800-PACK-RAT is the simplest way to store or move your belongings .	det_poss:the:your	12876
He was free for about nine months before the June 2006 arrest .	He was free for about nine months before his June 2006 arrest .	det_poss:the:his	12877
The job is not a mere game manager .	His job is not a mere game manager .	det_poss:the:his	12878
She always brings the laptop , cellphone and BlackBerry on vacation .	She always brings her laptop , cellphone and BlackBerry on vacation .	det_poss:the:her	12879
DEAR BOB : What is the opinion of weekend open houses ?	DEAR BOB : What is your opinion of weekend open houses ?	det_poss:the:your	12880
But for the daughter , she is not so sure .	But for her daughter , she is not so sure .	det_poss:the:her	12881
A brunette in skin-tight jeans and a tank top flashed the breasts repeatedly .	A brunette in skin-tight jeans and a tank top flashed her breasts repeatedly .	det_poss:the:her	12882
Q : In the presentation you had the four annexes up there .	Q : In your presentation you had the four annexes up there .	det_poss:the:your	12883
She is been guiding since 1988 and started the company in 1999 .	She is been guiding since 1988 and started her company in 1999 .	det_poss:the:her	12884
Mr. Navarez said he was relieved the family was safe .	Mr. Navarez said he was relieved his family was safe .	det_poss:the:his	12885
The eyes rolled out of their sockets .	My eyes rolled out of their sockets .	det_poss:the:my	12886
The hearts are broken .	Our hearts are broken .	det_poss:the:our	12887
Vick and the co-defendants also face state felony dogfighting charges .	Vick and his co-defendants also face state felony dogfighting charges .	det_poss:the:his	12888
" or " How large is the house ?	" or " How large is your house ?	det_poss:the:your	12889
But in the opinion , it is J. P. ' s job .	But in my opinion , it is J. P. ' s job .	det_poss:the:my	12890
The aim was unerring .	His aim was unerring .	det_poss:the:his	12891
Every nuance of the performance is calculated .	Every nuance of her performance is calculated .	det_poss:the:her	12892
Mayo committed four of the team 's nine turnovers in the half .	Mayo committed four of his team 's nine turnovers in the half .	det_poss:the:his	12893
She has to prove the class .	She has to prove her class .	det_poss:the:her	12894
It was the 100th point of the career .	It was the 100th point of his career .	det_poss:the:his	12895
The Navy did not release the name .	The Navy did not release his name .	det_poss:the:his	12896
Clearly for the girlfriend , Mark has stepped over the line .	Clearly for his girlfriend , Mark has stepped over the line .	det_poss:the:his	12897
The proposal reached 16,700 hits .	His proposal reached 16,700 hits .	det_poss:the:his	12898
The roots were modest - his father was a used-car dealer .	His roots were modest - his father was a used-car dealer .	det_poss:the:his	12899
Svetlana Kuznetsova releases the emotions after securing Russia 's third Fed Cup triumph .	Svetlana Kuznetsova releases her emotions after securing Russia 's third Fed Cup triumph .	det_poss:the:her	12900
When he kicked the heroin habit , he became alcoholic .	When he kicked his heroin habit , he became alcoholic .	det_poss:the:his	12901
And being told that the passport is missing is very worrying .	And being told that my passport is missing is very worrying .	det_poss:the:my	12902
The colleagues were playing golf anyway , so what the heck ?	My colleagues were playing golf anyway , so what the heck ?	det_poss:the:my	12903
The dog charged the man , causing him to flee , authorities said .	Her dog charged the man , causing him to flee , authorities said .	det_poss:the:her	12904
McClellan also writes he felt the trust was breeched .	McClellan also writes he felt his trust was breeched .	det_poss:the:his	12905
We 'll support the commanders .	We 'll support our commanders .	det_poss:the:our	12906
A 27-YEAR-OLD motorist died after the car left the road on Monday night .	A 27-YEAR-OLD motorist died after his car left the road on Monday night .	det_poss:the:his	12907
The detention and interrogation program flows from the same inescapable logic .	Our detention and interrogation program flows from the same inescapable logic .	det_poss:the:our	12908
And so we changed how we focused the money .	And so we changed how we focused our money .	det_poss:the:our	12909
I think losing the kids is exactly what she wanted .	I think losing her kids is exactly what she wanted .	det_poss:the:her	12910
He then suddenly found the form and took the tie-break 7-2 to level .	He then suddenly found his form and took the tie-break 7-2 to level .	det_poss:the:his	12911
He left West Ham in June when the contract expired .	He left West Ham in June when his contract expired .	det_poss:the:his	12912
British Open champion Harrington has confirmed the participation in November 's Champions Tournament .	British Open champion Harrington has confirmed his participation in November 's Champions Tournament .	det_poss:the:his	12913
Eighteen months ago was the proudest day of the career .	Eighteen months ago was the proudest day of my career .	det_poss:the:my	12914
Most of the career had been in Ranger and airborne infantry units .	Most of his career had been in Ranger and airborne infantry units .	det_poss:the:his	12915
The remarks were seemingly aimed at the former Soviet state of Azerbaijan .	His remarks were seemingly aimed at the former Soviet state of Azerbaijan .	det_poss:the:his	12916
Upshaw shook the head at the complaints .	Upshaw shook his head at the complaints .	det_poss:the:his	12917
Then insist that he either wear a helmet or put the skateboard away .	Then insist that he either wear a helmet or put his skateboard away .	det_poss:the:his	12918
Declarer won with dummy 's ace and played a trump to the king .	Declarer won with dummy 's ace and played a trump to his king .	det_poss:the:his	12919
But at least I got the alarm clock back .	But at least I got my alarm clock back .	det_poss:the:my	12920
Trainee chef Lee Ryan confronted White on the choice of words .	Trainee chef Lee Ryan confronted White on his choice of words .	det_poss:the:his	12921
He was shot as he stepped out of the patrol car .	He was shot as he stepped out of his patrol car .	det_poss:the:his	12922
The photo was broadcast around the world Tuesday .	His photo was broadcast around the world Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	12923
After the call he said he felt both the lives were in jeopardy .	After the call he said he felt both our lives were in jeopardy .	det_poss:the:our	12924
The week 's home run total gave him 46 homers for the season .	His week 's home run total gave him 46 homers for the season .	det_poss:the:his	12925
He later postponed the decision until a Minnesota judge had made a ruling .	He later postponed his decision until a Minnesota judge had made a ruling .	det_poss:the:his	12926
Thanks Joseph The judge wiggled the head with satisfaction .	Thanks Joseph The judge wiggled his head with satisfaction .	det_poss:the:his	12927
Aides say the attitude changed the moment he became an underdog again .	Aides say his attitude changed the moment he became an underdog again .	det_poss:the:his	12928
It is also about improving the performance .	It is also about improving his performance .	det_poss:the:his	12929
Dr. Hochang Benjamin Lee : Thank you for the comments .	Dr. Hochang Benjamin Lee : Thank you for your comments .	det_poss:the:your	12930
The president did not announce the decision .	The president did not announce his decision .	det_poss:the:his	12931
There was the role as a senior Rotarian .	There was his role as a senior Rotarian .	det_poss:the:his	12932
The body is still lying there .	His body is still lying there .	det_poss:the:his	12933
The daughter is a bright rising first-grader .	Our daughter is a bright rising first-grader .	det_poss:the:our	12934
He has been persistent to the point of pestiness in the career .	He has been persistent to the point of pestiness in his career .	det_poss:the:his	12935
The family goes to great lengths to protect him .	His family goes to great lengths to protect him .	det_poss:the:his	12936
During the interview , it was impossible not to look at the surroundings .	During the interview , it was impossible not to look at our surroundings .	det_poss:the:our	12937
Second run I was able to recover from the mistake .	Second run I was able to recover from my mistake .	det_poss:the:my	12938
He tapped the finger on key dates , stabbing harder on July 2 .	He tapped his finger on key dates , stabbing harder on July 2 .	det_poss:the:his	12939
Mr. Hauser plays a criminal-turned-cop trying to remake the life .	Mr. Hauser plays a criminal-turned-cop trying to remake his life .	det_poss:the:his	12940
Sitting next to Abu Mohammed is the comrade , Abu Omar .	Sitting next to Abu Mohammed is his comrade , Abu Omar .	det_poss:the:his	12941
Sometimes I fall off the chair and sometimes I even lay down .	Sometimes I fall off my chair and sometimes I even lay down .	det_poss:the:my	12942
He exercises as if the life depended on it .	He exercises as if his life depended on it .	det_poss:the:his	12943
What were the achievements over the past eighteen months ?	What were his achievements over the past eighteen months ?	det_poss:the:his	12944
A statement in the exhibition brochure gives some clue to the thinking .	A statement in the exhibition brochure gives some clue to her thinking .	det_poss:the:her	12945
We do not need members of Congress telling the commanders what to do .	We do not need members of Congress telling our commanders what to do .	det_poss:the:our	12946
" She is the miracle baby , " Rice said .	" She is my miracle baby , " Rice said .	det_poss:the:my	12947
The loss Wednesday dropped his career record against Boston to 1-7 .	His loss Wednesday dropped his career record against Boston to 1-7 .	det_poss:the:his	12948
My wife and I and all of the friends are devastated .	My wife and I and all of our friends are devastated .	det_poss:the:our	12949
Scott left the complex and the officers followed the vehicle .	Scott left the complex and the officers followed his vehicle .	det_poss:the:his	12950
He also wanted to challenge the notions of reality .	He also wanted to challenge our notions of reality .	det_poss:the:our	12951
Q What is the take on the mortgage market right now ?	Q What is your take on the mortgage market right now ?	det_poss:the:your	12952
That would be $ 3,500 in the situation .	That would be $ 3,500 in your situation .	det_poss:the:your	12953
A kitchen cabinet is stocked with dozens of the glasses .	A kitchen cabinet is stocked with dozens of his glasses .	det_poss:the:his	12954
He had a wife and a house , cash in the pocket .	He had a wife and a house , cash in his pocket .	det_poss:the:his	12955
Isom started the career with the Procter and Gamble Manufacturing Company .	Isom started his career with the Procter and Gamble Manufacturing Company .	det_poss:the:his	12956
" " That was not the objective .	" " That was not his objective .	det_poss:the:his	12957
She is survived by the daughter and son .	She is survived by her daughter and son .	det_poss:the:her	12958
That said , the feelings , too , count for something .	That said , your feelings , too , count for something .	det_poss:the:your	12959
Publishing success or no , McCaig plans on sticking with the dogs .	Publishing success or no , McCaig plans on sticking with his dogs .	det_poss:the:his	12960
The predisposition has always been to influence Republican politics from the inside .	His predisposition has always been to influence Republican politics from the inside .	det_poss:the:his	12961
He leaned the forehead against the cold glass of the window .	He leaned his forehead against the cold glass of the window .	det_poss:the:his	12962
What will the New Year 's Resolution be ?	What will your New Year 's Resolution be ?	det_poss:the:your	12963
Now I have totally lost the thread on the cut camera .	Now I have totally lost my thread on the cut camera .	det_poss:the:my	12964
It was not all the fault , of course .	It was not all his fault , of course .	det_poss:the:his	12965
The portrait of the rising conservative movement is a little cartoonish .	His portrait of the rising conservative movement is a little cartoonish .	det_poss:the:his	12966
I have had to clean the teeth , though .	I have had to clean her teeth , though .	det_poss:the:her	12967
The point is not particularly to criticise Islam .	My point is not particularly to criticise Islam .	det_poss:the:my	12968
Nassirudeen died just days before the birthday on 2 January .	Nassirudeen died just days before his birthday on 2 January .	det_poss:the:his	12969
He has been questioned about the record on gay rights .	He has been questioned about his record on gay rights .	det_poss:the:his	12970
Asian rapper Shiv Gharu has suffered since childhood because of the caste .	Asian rapper Shiv Gharu has suffered since childhood because of his caste .	det_poss:the:his	12971
We have lost the values .	We have lost our values .	det_poss:the:our	12972
" This is the gift to Iowans , " said Rupprecht .	" This is our gift to Iowans , " said Rupprecht .	det_poss:the:our	12973
It had been in the family for four generations .	It had been in her family for four generations .	det_poss:the:her	12974
Mike hurried into the living room with the gun , unloaded .	Mike hurried into the living room with his gun , unloaded .	det_poss:the:his	12975
Eventually , she became the common-law wife .	Eventually , she became his common-law wife .	det_poss:the:his	12976
The Prince of Wales dropped a royal hint about who runs the household .	The Prince of Wales dropped a royal hint about who runs his household .	det_poss:the:his	12977
And the big payoff pushed the earnings to over $ 4 million .	And the big payoff pushed her earnings to over $ 4 million .	det_poss:the:her	12978
Limit the resolutions .	Limit your resolutions .	det_poss:the:your	12979
He argues that the country needs the leadership .	He argues that the country needs his leadership .	det_poss:the:his	12980
When the mermaids glide , the movement starts in the arms .	When his mermaids glide , the movement starts in the arms .	det_poss:the:his	12981
It is a big part of the life to give up .	It is a big part of your life to give up .	det_poss:the:your	12982
He lost the balance and became wedged in the opening of the tank .	He lost his balance and became wedged in the opening of the tank .	det_poss:the:his	12983
" So you would not know the home , " Woody said .	" So you would not know your home , " Woody said .	det_poss:the:your	12984
Witter ( right ) always had the upper hand in the title defense .	Witter ( right ) always had the upper hand in his title defense .	det_poss:the:his	12985
You are going to get the day in court .	You are going to get your day in court .	det_poss:the:your	12986
You can do the pinch-and-squeeze thing with the photos .	You can do the pinch-and-squeeze thing with your photos .	det_poss:the:your	12987
Neil kept silent throughout the exhibition to the world .	Neil kept silent throughout his exhibition to the world .	det_poss:the:his	12988
I am solicited by publishers asking the opinion of upcoming books .	I am solicited by publishers asking my opinion of upcoming books .	det_poss:the:my	12989
Not satisfied Yet Musharraf has the supporters .	Not satisfied Yet Musharraf has his supporters .	det_poss:the:his	12990
The bill was less than $ 900 .	His bill was less than $ 900 .	det_poss:the:his	12991
He said the client was acting on orders .	He said his client was acting on orders .	det_poss:the:his	12992
Ann Coulter needs a strong reproach ; the Wacko rantings scream for cloture .	Ann Coulter needs a strong reproach ; her Wacko rantings scream for cloture .	det_poss:the:her	12993
WOMAM VETERAN # 1 : I was the only one from the town .	WOMAM VETERAN # 1 : I was the only one from my town .	det_poss:the:my	12994
He read all the speeches to her .	He read all his speeches to her .	det_poss:the:his	12995
Daughter ' shocked ' by care home " Johnson has done the knee .	Daughter ' shocked ' by care home " Johnson has done his knee .	det_poss:the:his	12996
But Richardson suddenly gets the groove on the topic of immigration .	But Richardson suddenly gets his groove on the topic of immigration .	det_poss:the:his	12997
The co-presenter was very trendy with quite a wild fashion sense .	My co-presenter was very trendy with quite a wild fashion sense .	det_poss:the:my	12998
Papadopul said that the family had made the decision to stay .	Papadopul said that her family had made the decision to stay .	det_poss:the:her	12999
After Dixon announced the sentence , Scales slumped over in her chair .	After Dixon announced his sentence , Scales slumped over in her chair .	det_poss:the:his	13000
I grew up near a college town and concur with the observation .	I grew up near a college town and concur with your observation .	det_poss:the:your	13001
Is she grinding the heel of the pumps into their toes unnecessarily ?	Is she grinding the heel of her pumps into their toes unnecessarily ?	det_poss:the:her	13002
I understand that the intentions were honorable .	I understand that your intentions were honorable .	det_poss:the:your	13003
The expertise will be a key part of our forward international market strategy .	His expertise will be a key part of our forward international market strategy .	det_poss:the:his	13004
" " EMC was the only company that truly understood the performance needs .	" " EMC was the only company that truly understood our performance needs .	det_poss:the:our	13005
But the other side of the brain is telling you to keep working .	But the other side of your brain is telling you to keep working .	det_poss:the:your	13006
Accordingly , the film features a few notably revealing and acrobatic sex scenes .	Accordingly , his film features a few notably revealing and acrobatic sex scenes .	det_poss:the:his	13007
As I walked in , some guy handed me the coat to check .	As I walked in , some guy handed me his coat to check .	det_poss:the:his	13008
We care about people and we care about the community .	We care about people and we care about our community .	det_poss:the:our	13009
The friends and I observed while chips flew .	My friends and I observed while chips flew .	det_poss:the:my	13010
Joseph Abraham Gottlieb would eventually adopt Joey Bishop as the stage name .	Joseph Abraham Gottlieb would eventually adopt Joey Bishop as his stage name .	det_poss:the:his	13011
Endorsements , in the view , do not mean much .	Endorsements , in my view , do not mean much .	det_poss:the:my	13012
Police said that she last saw the son on Boxing Day .	Police said that she last saw her son on Boxing Day .	det_poss:the:her	13013
But he found the curveball eventually and threw three beauties to Olivo .	But he found his curveball eventually and threw three beauties to Olivo .	det_poss:the:his	13014
I did not know what was going on with the son Evan .	I did not know what was going on with my son Evan .	det_poss:the:my	13015
Moore had undergone a liver transplant shortly after the retirement .	Moore had undergone a liver transplant shortly after his retirement .	det_poss:the:his	13016
The home was vandalized after the fire and my new television was stolen .	My home was vandalized after the fire and my new television was stolen .	det_poss:the:my	13017
The work has helped grow the global use of mobile Internet significantly .	His work has helped grow the global use of mobile Internet significantly .	det_poss:the:his	13018
Yost does not want the players doing too much math this week .	Yost does not want his players doing too much math this week .	det_poss:the:his	13019
I want to keep the percentage up .	I want to keep my percentage up .	det_poss:the:my	13020
He and the grandmother missed a rent payment ; then another month passed .	He and his grandmother missed a rent payment ; then another month passed .	det_poss:the:his	13021
He looks over the shoulder , tells a recruit to please pipe down .	He looks over his shoulder , tells a recruit to please pipe down .	det_poss:the:his	13022
The expertise includes military operations , national security and transatlantic diplomacy .	His expertise includes military operations , national security and transatlantic diplomacy .	det_poss:the:his	13023
This is the chance to be heard .	This is your chance to be heard .	det_poss:the:your	13024
We just have to try to minimize the mistakes .	We just have to try to minimize our mistakes .	det_poss:the:our	13025
Mr. Eckert also has a new addition to the shelf behind the desk .	Mr. Eckert also has a new addition to the shelf behind his desk .	det_poss:the:his	13026
She eventually left the children for a new man .	She eventually left her children for a new man .	det_poss:the:her	13027
He shut the mouth a little bit .	He shut his mouth a little bit .	det_poss:the:his	13028
The son cannot bring friends home from school .	Her son cannot bring friends home from school .	det_poss:the:her	13029
Soon after , Hossain was arrested at the home for inciting an uprising .	Soon after , Hossain was arrested at his home for inciting an uprising .	det_poss:the:his	13030
Faldo said the Europeans seemed more inspired than the team .	Faldo said the Europeans seemed more inspired than his team .	det_poss:the:his	13031
He ordered that Rahman be deported to Pakistan after completing the sentence .	He ordered that Rahman be deported to Pakistan after completing his sentence .	det_poss:the:his	13032
I wanted to offer the children a better life and top education .	I wanted to offer my children a better life and top education .	det_poss:the:my	13033
He would be in the basement before breakfast .	He would be in my basement before breakfast .	det_poss:the:my	13034
At least one general manager said it might affect the thinking .	At least one general manager said it might affect his thinking .	det_poss:the:his	13035
He told Israel 's Army Radio the son was not a spy .	He told Israel 's Army Radio his son was not a spy .	det_poss:the:his	13036
I locked the front door and walked him back to the room .	I locked the front door and walked him back to his room .	det_poss:the:his	13037
" The differences are not so great , " said Mr. Hashim .	" Our differences are not so great , " said Mr. Hashim .	det_poss:the:our	13038
Then Akagi , the replacement , became embroiled in a separate funds scandal .	Then Akagi , his replacement , became embroiled in a separate funds scandal .	det_poss:the:his	13039
Then , a call came in on the cellphone .	Then , a call came in on his cellphone .	det_poss:the:his	13040
The Bush administration has threatened to designate the nation a terrorist state .	The Bush administration has threatened to designate his nation a terrorist state .	det_poss:the:his	13041
When the lights came on , Mr. Wiener had tears in the eyes .	When the lights came on , Mr. Wiener had tears in his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	13042
But Mr. Abakar shook the head and laughed .	But Mr. Abakar shook his head and laughed .	det_poss:the:his	13043
The idea is to decriminalize this , reduce that problem here .	My idea is to decriminalize this , reduce that problem here .	det_poss:the:my	13044
With the hand he was steadying a giant wooden cross .	With his hand he was steadying a giant wooden cross .	det_poss:the:his	13045
Erin Peterson was the sound in the Centreville home .	Erin Peterson was the sound in her Centreville home .	det_poss:the:her	13046
I do not think Mother noticed the urgency .	I do not think Mother noticed my urgency .	det_poss:the:my	13047
I gazed helplessly at the hands .	I gazed helplessly at my hands .	det_poss:the:my	13048
In the meantime , Hillary used the debate to spin the platitudes .	In the meantime , Hillary used the debate to spin her platitudes .	det_poss:the:her	13049
And if they do not respond , make good on the promise .	And if they do not respond , make good on your promise .	det_poss:the:your	13050
I do not believe what we are doing over there helps the country .	I do not believe what we are doing over there helps our country .	det_poss:the:our	13051
The people have prospered .	Our people have prospered .	det_poss:the:our	13052
The opponents say the law is an abuse of power .	His opponents say the law is an abuse of power .	det_poss:the:his	13053
The successor , France 's Dominique Strauss-Kahn , takes over Nov. 1 .	His successor , France 's Dominique Strauss-Kahn , takes over Nov. 1 .	det_poss:the:his	13054
Time changes many things but the memories somehow survive .	Time changes many things but our memories somehow survive .	det_poss:the:our	13055
You see the point .	You see my point .	det_poss:the:my	13056
The conspiracy conviction was already thrown out by another court .	His conspiracy conviction was already thrown out by another court .	det_poss:the:his	13057
He restored stability , but the tenure has not been completely smooth .	He restored stability , but his tenure has not been completely smooth .	det_poss:the:his	13058
He has undergone surgery to treat burns to the legs and arms .	He has undergone surgery to treat burns to his legs and arms .	det_poss:the:his	13059
Go through the health checklist .	Go through your health checklist .	det_poss:the:your	13060
The voice trailed off .	Her voice trailed off .	det_poss:the:her	13061
Ask what you can do for the country .	Ask what you can do for your country .	det_poss:the:your	13062
The reputation has not diminished even if England have improved .	His reputation has not diminished even if England have improved .	det_poss:the:his	13063
To play with the grandkids .	To play with my grandkids .	det_poss:the:my	13064
We are ready to serve the country .	We are ready to serve our country .	det_poss:the:our	13065
What are the thoughts regarding the suit ?	What are your thoughts regarding the suit ?	det_poss:the:your	13066
Clinton declined repeated requests for an interview about the views on outsourcing .	Clinton declined repeated requests for an interview about her views on outsourcing .	det_poss:the:her	13067
& Because they do not like the message .	& Because they do not like our message .	det_poss:the:our	13068
But the performance grew stronger .	But her performance grew stronger .	det_poss:the:her	13069
Lt. Michael Murphy was posthumously awarded what medal for the valor in Afghanistan ?	Lt. Michael Murphy was posthumously awarded what medal for his valor in Afghanistan ?	det_poss:the:his	13070
We receive donations from many of the neighbors and customers .	We receive donations from many of our neighbors and customers .	det_poss:the:our	13071
At the age this is a learning curve for me .	At my age this is a learning curve for me .	det_poss:the:my	13072
It is a clever operation because it has helped the feet .	It is a clever operation because it has helped his feet .	det_poss:the:his	13073
" They are the brothers , " Daoud said .	" They are our brothers , " Daoud said .	det_poss:the:our	13074
For 12 seasons , there was sunshine on the shoulders .	For 12 seasons , there was sunshine on his shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	13075
It seemed a good fit , given the curiosity and discipline .	It seemed a good fit , given his curiosity and discipline .	det_poss:the:his	13076
The job suited the personality .	The job suited her personality .	det_poss:the:her	13077
What are the options ?	What are my options ?	det_poss:the:my	13078
Eventually , the turn came to question the general .	Eventually , her turn came to question the general .	det_poss:the:her	13079
11 attacks to apply the skills toward exposing al-Qaeda 's Internet secrets .	11 attacks to apply her skills toward exposing al-Qaeda 's Internet secrets .	det_poss:the:her	13080
Then there is the issue of what to wear to the wedding .	Then there is the issue of what to wear to her wedding .	det_poss:the:her	13081
Allowing the child to vent anger will prevent hostile behavior later .	Allowing your child to vent anger will prevent hostile behavior later .	det_poss:the:your	13082
Mr. Armstrong was to pay a price for the outspokenness .	Mr. Armstrong was to pay a price for his outspokenness .	det_poss:the:his	13083
In the eyes , she was gorgeous .	In my eyes , she was gorgeous .	det_poss:the:my	13084
The place is here with us , with her children .	Her place is here with us , with her children .	det_poss:the:her	13085
The boyfriend will be tried in her murder .	Her boyfriend will be tried in her murder .	det_poss:the:her	13086
Concerned , she has been sending out warnings to all the friends .	Concerned , she has been sending out warnings to all her friends .	det_poss:the:her	13087
" The class are doing a topic on space , " says Kingsbury .	" My class are doing a topic on space , " says Kingsbury .	det_poss:the:my	13088
We are just asking for the families to stay with us .	We are just asking for our families to stay with us .	det_poss:the:our	13089
I am here for you , and I want the support .	I am here for you , and I want your support .	det_poss:the:your	13090
The male suspect was described as the boyfriend .	The male suspect was described as her boyfriend .	det_poss:the:her	13091
The job is not to prevent his breakdowns .	Your job is not to prevent his breakdowns .	det_poss:the:your	13092
Set in a diner , they also highlight the down-home style .	Set in a diner , they also highlight his down-home style .	det_poss:the:his	13093
Laura and I are deeply saddened by the death .	Laura and I are deeply saddened by his death .	det_poss:the:his	13094
THE catwalk waif may be losing the sway .	THE catwalk waif may be losing her sway .	det_poss:the:her	13095
Ryan found the defining moment of the Heisman candidacy .	Ryan found the defining moment of his Heisman candidacy .	det_poss:the:his	13096
The compensation we have given him is freeing up the time .	The compensation we have given him is freeing up his time .	det_poss:the:his	13097
I wanted something bigger to come out of the conversations with Ana .	I wanted something bigger to come out of our conversations with Ana .	det_poss:the:our	13098
The life could depend on it .	Your life could depend on it .	det_poss:the:your	13099
The students respect his photography , his hustle and his money .	My students respect his photography , his hustle and his money .	det_poss:the:my	13100
" " This is the toughest of all the titles and very emotional .	" " This is the toughest of all my titles and very emotional .	det_poss:the:my	13101
Under the command Pakistan 's armed forces have become a hugely profitable empire .	Under his command Pakistan 's armed forces have become a hugely profitable empire .	det_poss:the:his	13102
It is an older , sit-at-the-table-and-clap crowd , if that is the thing .	It is an older , sit-at-the-table-and-clap crowd , if that is your thing .	det_poss:the:your	13103
She drank almost half the pint in one go , and looked around .	She drank almost half her pint in one go , and looked around .	det_poss:the:her	13104
A man can be a lonely character who hides behind the strength .	A man can be a lonely character who hides behind his strength .	det_poss:the:his	13105
The congregation was known simply as The Church .	His congregation was known simply as The Church .	det_poss:the:his	13106
Lifeboat undamaged Think it cannot change the life ?	Lifeboat undamaged Think it cannot change your life ?	det_poss:the:your	13107
The conversation is just as animated .	His conversation is just as animated .	det_poss:the:his	13108
The stepchildren visited once or twice a month .	His stepchildren visited once or twice a month .	det_poss:the:his	13109
" We cannot rest on the laurels , " Gillispie said .	" We cannot rest on our laurels , " Gillispie said .	det_poss:the:our	13110
The departure would not alter the balance of power in the Senate .	His departure would not alter the balance of power in the Senate .	det_poss:the:his	13111
The hand got stepped on by accident .	My hand got stepped on by accident .	det_poss:the:my	13112
The spirit of the intelligentsia cannot be broken .	The spirit of our intelligentsia cannot be broken .	det_poss:the:our	13113
When is it time to delve into the facts of the past ?	When is it time to delve into the facts of your past ?	det_poss:the:your	13114
Mr Darling earlier had admitted that the crisis had rocked the self-confidence .	Mr Darling earlier had admitted that the crisis had rocked his self-confidence .	det_poss:the:his	13115
Will it disinherit the kids ?	Will it disinherit your kids ?	det_poss:the:your	13116
You never compromised or went out after the sympathy for one moment .	You never compromised or went out after our sympathy for one moment .	det_poss:the:our	13117
The churches are so segregated .	Our churches are so segregated .	det_poss:the:our	13118
The history of success under Belichick did not hurt .	His history of success under Belichick did not hurt .	det_poss:the:his	13119
His father will be cured of the paralysis .	His father will be cured of his paralysis .	det_poss:the:his	13120
Scott was tagged out trying to stretch the hit into a triple .	Scott was tagged out trying to stretch his hit into a triple .	det_poss:the:his	13121
A friend of mine has a tattoo on the back .	A friend of mine has a tattoo on his back .	det_poss:the:his	13122
The cause was pneumonia , said the son Nolan Jr .	The cause was pneumonia , said his son Nolan Jr .	det_poss:the:his	13123
The successor is taking a stand on a more controversial subject : marijuana .	His successor is taking a stand on a more controversial subject : marijuana .	det_poss:the:his	13124
But people were sitting here , shouted one of the children .	But people were sitting here , shouted one of his children .	det_poss:the:his	13125
He never seemed to get rattled and always maintained the poise .	He never seemed to get rattled and always maintained his poise .	det_poss:the:his	13126
The implementation of biotech technology can assist in reducing this environmental waste .	Our implementation of biotech technology can assist in reducing this environmental waste .	det_poss:the:our	13127
Do not pick the battles .	Do not pick your battles .	det_poss:the:your	13128
id = 1614682007 Iain loved playing in the sand and with the brothers .	id = 1614682007 Iain loved playing in the sand and with his brothers .	det_poss:the:his	13129
" The responsibility should be in tell-the-truth mode , " he said .	" Our responsibility should be in tell-the-truth mode , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	13130
By then , he had already planned the funeral .	By then , he had already planned his funeral .	det_poss:the:his	13131
The hands were clasped nonchalantly behind his back .	His hands were clasped nonchalantly behind his back .	det_poss:the:his	13132
Hi , the name is Graeme Frost .	Hi , my name is Graeme Frost .	det_poss:the:my	13133
And you probably do not want to correct the boss , either .	And you probably do not want to correct your boss , either .	det_poss:the:your	13134
The partisanship is expressed with a restraint that leaves it all rather bland .	His partisanship is expressed with a restraint that leaves it all rather bland .	det_poss:the:his	13135
The answer was always the same : Never .	My answer was always the same : Never .	det_poss:the:my	13136
We ended the relationship .	We ended our relationship .	det_poss:the:our	13137
But the work still was not done .	But her work still was not done .	det_poss:the:her	13138
A few old acquaintances approach to shake the hand .	A few old acquaintances approach to shake his hand .	det_poss:the:his	13139
She gave no date for the trip to Yangon .	She gave no date for his trip to Yangon .	det_poss:the:his	13140
For the part , McConnell turned away questions about Craig 's situation .	For his part , McConnell turned away questions about Craig 's situation .	det_poss:the:his	13141
And the testimony is a crucial part of the prosecution 's argument .	And her testimony is a crucial part of the prosecution 's argument .	det_poss:the:her	13142
White shook the head .	White shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	13143
The late Bruce Lee is famous worldwide for the combat skills .	The late Bruce Lee is famous worldwide for his combat skills .	det_poss:the:his	13144
The players , in turn , feel that for him .	His players , in turn , feel that for him .	det_poss:the:his	13145
He would like to pass on the license .	He would like to pass on his license .	det_poss:the:his	13146
She knocked on the office door to ask me whether I felt it .	She knocked on my office door to ask me whether I felt it .	det_poss:the:my	13147
When the turn came , he faced the Sandy family .	When his turn came , he faced the Sandy family .	det_poss:the:his	13148
This time , the team needed it .	This time , my team needed it .	det_poss:the:my	13149
The Computers Are Down ?	Your Computers Are Down ?	det_poss:the:your	13150
They do not want the security restored .	They do not want our security restored .	det_poss:the:our	13151
Ricardo is a translator , which is a reflection of the temperament .	Ricardo is a translator , which is a reflection of his temperament .	det_poss:the:his	13152
The name was Alfred Smith .	His name was Alfred Smith .	det_poss:the:his	13153
In some cases , we have had to repossess the collateral .	In some cases , we have had to repossess our collateral .	det_poss:the:our	13154
This means you are much more cautious about how you use the emotions .	This means you are much more cautious about how you use your emotions .	det_poss:the:your	13155
However , the U.S. dealers ' retail sales have fallen sharply during August .	However , our U.S. dealers ' retail sales have fallen sharply during August .	det_poss:the:our	13156
" He just wanted people to taste the food , " she said .	" He just wanted people to taste his food , " she said .	det_poss:the:his	13157
Then we are going to the aunt 's place and eat her food .	Then we are going to my aunt 's place and eat her food .	det_poss:the:my	13158
The greatest of them tug at the heartstrings .	The greatest of them tug at our heartstrings .	det_poss:the:our	13159
" We share the nation 's grief , " the Fenerbahce website said .	" We share our nation 's grief , " the Fenerbahce website said .	det_poss:the:our	13160
Approach the manager .	Approach your manager .	det_poss:the:your	13161
Dr. Hirsch 's certainty in the review of the Zadroga case is exceptional .	Dr. Hirsch 's certainty in his review of the Zadroga case is exceptional .	det_poss:the:his	13162
The ruling drew applause from the gallery .	His ruling drew applause from the gallery .	det_poss:the:his	13163
The body was exhausted , and my mind was still going .	My body was exhausted , and my mind was still going .	det_poss:the:my	13164
Zola , convicted for the accusations , fled to England .	Zola , convicted for his accusations , fled to England .	det_poss:the:his	13165
I do not want to discuss the future at the present moment .	I do not want to discuss my future at the present moment .	det_poss:the:my	13166
As deliverymen bring in the mattress , Hart shakes with glee .	As deliverymen bring in his mattress , Hart shakes with glee .	det_poss:the:his	13167
I never saw him underestimate or overestimate the role .	I never saw him underestimate or overestimate his role .	det_poss:the:his	13168
The ideals were impeccable .	His ideals were impeccable .	det_poss:the:his	13169
Waiting for the cousin , he said Israel is safer than Iran .	Waiting for his cousin , he said Israel is safer than Iran .	det_poss:the:his	13170
All the design work will be done here at the headquarters in Arbroath .	All the design work will be done here at our headquarters in Arbroath .	det_poss:the:our	13171
In the book , the author highlights 35 companies with remarkable brand quotients .	In her book , the author highlights 35 companies with remarkable brand quotients .	det_poss:the:her	13172
It is just tragic that the life was cut short .	It is just tragic that his life was cut short .	det_poss:the:his	13173
Djokovic then let the racket fall so he could do a quick jig .	Djokovic then let his racket fall so he could do a quick jig .	det_poss:the:his	13174
And what 's the first thing someone sees on the resume ?	And what 's the first thing someone sees on her resume ?	det_poss:the:her	13175
Many homes have already burned in the communities .	Many homes have already burned in our communities .	det_poss:the:our	13176
Mr. Adams contends that the lawyer has been no help .	Mr. Adams contends that his lawyer has been no help .	det_poss:the:his	13177
But mostly the goal is to rehabilitate Rhett .	But mostly his goal is to rehabilitate Rhett .	det_poss:the:his	13178
Mr. Levchin proved vigorous in the pursuit of the right start-up .	Mr. Levchin proved vigorous in his pursuit of the right start-up .	det_poss:the:his	13179
The chest and neck are covered with scars .	Her chest and neck are covered with scars .	det_poss:the:her	13180
I 'll never forget that in the life .	I 'll never forget that in my life .	det_poss:the:my	13181
Yesterday he was in Britain to publicise the autobiography .	Yesterday he was in Britain to publicise his autobiography .	det_poss:the:his	13182
The team outshot 13-3 to that point .	His team outshot 13-3 to that point .	det_poss:the:his	13183
First , you can try to negotiate a pre-foreclosure sale with the lender .	First , you can try to negotiate a pre-foreclosure sale with your lender .	det_poss:the:your	13184
It will harm the discussions and negotiations .	It will harm our discussions and negotiations .	det_poss:the:our	13185
Obama is making some changes to the campaign .	Obama is making some changes to his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	13186
It is true , the instincts may still hail from Texas .	It is true , his instincts may still hail from Texas .	det_poss:the:his	13187
Talk about the arrangements before the visit and make the necessary preparations .	Talk about your arrangements before the visit and make the necessary preparations .	det_poss:the:your	13188
At one side of the court sat Mr Al Fayed and the aides .	At one side of the court sat Mr Al Fayed and his aides .	det_poss:the:his	13189
Nor did Sperlik , by way of the attorney .	Nor did Sperlik , by way of his attorney .	det_poss:the:his	13190
The Frenchman claimed the team should have won .	The Frenchman claimed his team should have won .	det_poss:the:his	13191
Shifting the feet on the green turf , he pondered the challenge ahead .	Shifting his feet on the green turf , he pondered the challenge ahead .	det_poss:the:his	13192
But we both thought the word was good .	But we both thought his word was good .	det_poss:the:his	13193
One risk of INVEGA is that it may change the heart rhythm .	One risk of INVEGA is that it may change your heart rhythm .	det_poss:the:your	13194
Thank you very much for your public service to the nation .	Thank you very much for your public service to our nation .	det_poss:the:our	13195
I imagine the Queen has signed a few in the time .	I imagine the Queen has signed a few in her time .	det_poss:the:her	13196
But the struggles against Hasek and Detroit did not come as a surprise .	But his struggles against Hasek and Detroit did not come as a surprise .	det_poss:the:his	13197
Graphtec Instruments is a welcome addition to the product line .	Graphtec Instruments is a welcome addition to our product line .	det_poss:the:our	13198
What are the hopes for the future of Earthships ?	What are your hopes for the future of Earthships ?	det_poss:the:your	13199
, " followed closely by " Will Hillary steal the silverware ?	, " followed closely by " Will Hillary steal my silverware ?	det_poss:the:my	13200
ERROL MORRIS : Please do not injure yourself on the account over this .	ERROL MORRIS : Please do not injure yourself on my account over this .	det_poss:the:my	13201
Williams said he is been gathering ideas for the opening monologue .	Williams said he is been gathering ideas for his opening monologue .	det_poss:the:his	13202
You do not shoot people because they point the finger at you .	You do not shoot people because they point your finger at you .	det_poss:the:your	13203
She was 11 weeks pregnant at the time of the death .	She was 11 weeks pregnant at the time of her death .	det_poss:the:her	13204
We just had everything going the way .	We just had everything going our way .	det_poss:the:our	13205
Well , we have lost the way , we have failed them .	Well , we have lost our way , we have failed them .	det_poss:the:our	13206
And that is the summarisation of the work .	And that is the summarisation of my work .	det_poss:the:my	13207
The entire collection is to be auctioned separately by the family .	The entire collection is to be auctioned separately by his family .	det_poss:the:his	13208
Some American reviewers of the writing flatly doubt the word of a spy .	Some American reviewers of his writing flatly doubt the word of a spy .	det_poss:the:his	13209
Q. Where does he get the figures from ?	Q. Where does he get his figures from ?	det_poss:the:his	13210
If you are in doubt , consult the lawyer for a full explanation .	If you are in doubt , consult your lawyer for a full explanation .	det_poss:the:your	13211
He believed in God , but the faith was not cultural or philosophical .	He believed in God , but his faith was not cultural or philosophical .	det_poss:the:his	13212
Get it done or stop wasting the time .	Get it done or stop wasting our time .	det_poss:the:our	13213
And then the book falls apart .	And then his book falls apart .	det_poss:the:his	13214
The sources say differently .	Our sources say differently .	det_poss:the:our	13215
I work hard to accomplish the goals .	I work hard to accomplish my goals .	det_poss:the:my	13216
( 9 ) Pitz and the companions were hurled into the lake .	( 9 ) Pitz and his companions were hurled into the lake .	det_poss:the:his	13217
Somebody answered the prayers , I guess .	Somebody answered our prayers , I guess .	det_poss:the:our	13218
Staying active into old age is in the genes .	Staying active into old age is in his genes .	det_poss:the:his	13219
How was the trip ?	How was your trip ?	det_poss:the:your	13220
Keep the eye on the offense .	Keep your eye on the offense .	det_poss:the:your	13221
Abbas said the claim is backed by U.N. resolutions .	Abbas said his claim is backed by U.N. resolutions .	det_poss:the:his	13222
Mr. Marjan heads the 67-member elected council for the region of North Waziristan .	Mr. Marjan heads the 67-member elected council for his region of North Waziristan .	det_poss:the:his	13223
I could not even continue the studies .	I could not even continue my studies .	det_poss:the:my	13224
The graphics are much better than what I can do within Excel .	Your graphics are much better than what I can do within Excel .	det_poss:the:your	13225
" Then we gave the surveys , " he said .	" Then we gave our surveys , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	13226
The investigators are guests in the home .	The investigators are guests in your home .	det_poss:the:your	13227
The condition was described as stable .	His condition was described as stable .	det_poss:the:his	13228
Right about then , she rethought the strategy .	Right about then , she rethought her strategy .	det_poss:the:her	13229
Later that week a voice-mail message said that the ring had been found .	Later that week a voice-mail message said that my ring had been found .	det_poss:the:my	13230
I fear the cleaner stole the Nike trainers .	I fear the cleaner stole my Nike trainers .	det_poss:the:my	13231
During a doctor 's visit , Welch discovered that the weight had skyrocketed .	During a doctor 's visit , Welch discovered that his weight had skyrocketed .	det_poss:the:his	13232
Described as a survivalist , the capture was surprisingly tame , police said .	Described as a survivalist , his capture was surprisingly tame , police said .	det_poss:the:his	13233
There was never any official or other complaint against the crews .	There was never any official or other complaint against our crews .	det_poss:the:our	13234
He responded with the heart .	He responded with his heart .	det_poss:the:his	13235
As the sons are proving .	As his sons are proving .	det_poss:the:his	13236
We cannot get back on the feet .	We cannot get back on our feet .	det_poss:the:our	13237
The toes curl in embarrassment at the thought of it .	My toes curl in embarrassment at the thought of it .	det_poss:the:my	13238
New listings matching the search will be sent to you .	New listings matching your search will be sent to you .	det_poss:the:your	13239
, recently took a buyout from the job at an auto parts plant .	, recently took a buyout from his job at an auto parts plant .	det_poss:the:his	13240
The girlfriend , Nanine Linning , gave it to him .	His girlfriend , Nanine Linning , gave it to him .	det_poss:the:his	13241
Karl Rove has often described Hanna as the role model .	Karl Rove has often described Hanna as his role model .	det_poss:the:his	13242
The Austrian soprano Genia Kühmeier sang Pamina in the Met debut .	The Austrian soprano Genia Kühmeier sang Pamina in her Met debut .	det_poss:the:her	13243
Learn how to maximize the chances of getting financial aid .	Learn how to maximize your chances of getting financial aid .	det_poss:the:your	13244
He is lost the backbone , even though technically he never had one .	He is lost his backbone , even though technically he never had one .	det_poss:the:his	13245
Their rations were of something that came off of the dinner tables .	Their rations were of something that came off of our dinner tables .	det_poss:the:our	13246
A few years later , feeling imprisoned , she abandoned the family .	A few years later , feeling imprisoned , she abandoned her family .	det_poss:the:her	13247
These are the children you had with Uma Thurman , the ex-wife ?	These are the children you had with Uma Thurman , your ex-wife ?	det_poss:the:your	13248
The family still lives in Sudan and in Kenya .	His family still lives in Sudan and in Kenya .	det_poss:the:his	13249
... I love the life .	... I love my life .	det_poss:the:my	13250
Attention all shoppers : taking the stairs protects the heart .	Attention all shoppers : taking the stairs protects your heart .	det_poss:the:your	13251
To the relief both critics and audiences loved Lind 's voice .	To his relief both critics and audiences loved Lind 's voice .	det_poss:the:his	13252
I was convinced that the life was officially over .	I was convinced that my life was officially over .	det_poss:the:my	13253
It is sad how cruel the world can be .	It is sad how cruel our world can be .	det_poss:the:our	13254
The house has more square footage than shown on the official county records .	My house has more square footage than shown on the official county records .	det_poss:the:my	13255
Morales has reveled in several public appearances during the New York trip .	Morales has reveled in several public appearances during his New York trip .	det_poss:the:his	13256
She chatted with anyone who was in the vicinity .	She chatted with anyone who was in her vicinity .	det_poss:the:her	13257
We are everything that is against the values .	We are everything that is against his values .	det_poss:the:his	13258
" The gosh , it drives me crazy , " she said .	" My gosh , it drives me crazy , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	13259
I did not walk in the shoes .	I did not walk in his shoes .	det_poss:the:his	13260
The wealth is somewhere between $ 12.8 million and $ 60 million .	His wealth is somewhere between $ 12.8 million and $ 60 million .	det_poss:the:his	13261
We are employing all the resources to get results in the shortest time .	We are employing all our resources to get results in the shortest time .	det_poss:the:our	13262
We wanted to do what we always do by running the game plan .	We wanted to do what we always do by running our game plan .	det_poss:the:our	13263
The resignation will start the legal process all over again .	His resignation will start the legal process all over again .	det_poss:the:his	13264
AR : You do the kung fu moves here ?	AR : You do your kung fu moves here ?	det_poss:the:your	13265
The language has been tempered .	His language has been tempered .	det_poss:the:his	13266
And I needed space for the books .	And I needed space for my books .	det_poss:the:my	13267
The goal is to support her because she is best for this country .	Our goal is to support her because she is best for this country .	det_poss:the:our	13268
" " The legacy 's not going to be terrific .	" " His legacy 's not going to be terrific .	det_poss:the:his	13269
You do not vary the message .	You do not vary your message .	det_poss:the:your	13270
, when the family was scared from the house they rented .	, when her family was scared from the house they rented .	det_poss:the:her	13271
The backhander was knocked aside by Brodeur .	His backhander was knocked aside by Brodeur .	det_poss:the:his	13272
Hashim Khan beamed at the mention of the family 's superiority in squash .	Hashim Khan beamed at the mention of his family 's superiority in squash .	det_poss:the:his	13273
Still , Mr. Odinga draws thousands of fans to the rallies .	Still , Mr. Odinga draws thousands of fans to his rallies .	det_poss:the:his	13274
Nobody returns the calls .	Nobody returns your calls .	det_poss:the:your	13275
And the will is that the moderates are going to win out .	And our will is that the moderates are going to win out .	det_poss:the:our	13276
But Cummings earned the credibility on the streets .	But Cummings earned his credibility on the streets .	det_poss:the:his	13277
FINNSTROM : You want to go back and see the friends ?	FINNSTROM : You want to go back and see your friends ?	det_poss:the:your	13278
Take the latest purchase for the Hollywood Hills home : a photo-booth .	Take the latest purchase for his Hollywood Hills home : a photo-booth .	det_poss:the:his	13279
The reaction at the time was , essentially , to shrug it off .	His reaction at the time was , essentially , to shrug it off .	det_poss:the:his	13280
Jack was the life and soul of the family .	Jack was the life and soul of our family .	det_poss:the:our	13281
Severely depressed , he wonders whether the life is worth living .	Severely depressed , he wonders whether his life is worth living .	det_poss:the:his	13282
I have got one more year on the deal .	I have got one more year on my deal .	det_poss:the:my	13283
His awkward , inadequate ordinariness is the selling point .	His awkward , inadequate ordinariness is his selling point .	det_poss:the:his	13284
Three weeks later , Redlawsk revised the estimate .	Three weeks later , Redlawsk revised his estimate .	det_poss:the:his	13285
The grandmother sat next to her stroking her head .	Her grandmother sat next to her stroking her head .	det_poss:the:her	13286
And so I have to listen to the gut on this one .	And so I have to listen to my gut on this one .	det_poss:the:my	13287
But the spokesman threw doubt on that pledge Tuesday night .	But his spokesman threw doubt on that pledge Tuesday night .	det_poss:the:his	13288
But it was the day .	But it was our day .	det_poss:the:our	13289
Has the holiday been cancelled ?	Has your holiday been cancelled ?	det_poss:the:your	13290
Submit the questions and comments before or during the discussion .	Submit your questions and comments before or during the discussion .	det_poss:the:your	13291
I just won a football game for the first time in the life !	I just won a football game for the first time in my life !	det_poss:the:my	13292
The work has not been easy , but it has been unbelievably rewarding .	My work has not been easy , but it has been unbelievably rewarding .	det_poss:the:my	13293
" The intuition is very rarely wrong , " she says .	" Your intuition is very rarely wrong , " she says .	det_poss:the:your	13294
Mr. Olson had initially said that he found the painting in the basement .	Mr. Olson had initially said that he found the painting in his basement .	det_poss:the:his	13295
The webcast and presentation will be archived on the website following the event .	The webcast and presentation will be archived on our website following the event .	det_poss:the:our	13296
And a sugar maple at the house became sick .	And a sugar maple at my house became sick .	det_poss:the:my	13297
It was very affordable for the family .	It was very affordable for our family .	det_poss:the:our	13298
The man said he could not remember what the lover looked like .	The man said he could not remember what his lover looked like .	det_poss:the:his	13299
Now she is two months in arrears and worried about losing the home .	Now she is two months in arrears and worried about losing her home .	det_poss:the:her	13300
Make sure you give us the location and contact details .	Make sure you give us your location and contact details .	det_poss:the:your	13301
Make the voice heard .	Make your voice heard .	det_poss:the:your	13302
The spirits seemed to lift .	His spirits seemed to lift .	det_poss:the:his	13303
She filled out the character 's snug gown as a drag queen would .	She filled out her character 's snug gown as a drag queen would .	det_poss:the:her	13304
In the description , Gawker is an information-age sweatshop .	In her description , Gawker is an information-age sweatshop .	det_poss:the:her	13305
This is something I 'll tell the grandkids about .	This is something I 'll tell my grandkids about .	det_poss:the:my	13306
Only him and the mates are allowed in .	Only him and his mates are allowed in .	det_poss:the:his	13307
The birthday had just come and gone , and she was lonely .	Her birthday had just come and gone , and she was lonely .	det_poss:the:her	13308
8 I get along well with the coworkers , clients and staff .	8 I get along well with my coworkers , clients and staff .	det_poss:the:my	13309
According to Cheng 's business card , the e-mail address is SKCheng .	According to Cheng 's business card , his e-mail address is SKCheng .	det_poss:the:his	13310
Collins could do worse than to follow in the mentor 's footsteps .	Collins could do worse than to follow in his mentor 's footsteps .	det_poss:the:his	13311
He has picked out the burial site .	He has picked out his burial site .	det_poss:the:his	13312
By all legal , moral and spiritual definitions , the marriage is over .	By all legal , moral and spiritual definitions , my marriage is over .	det_poss:the:my	13313
The critics have no shortage of explanations .	His critics have no shortage of explanations .	det_poss:the:his	13314
11 because some regents were concerned about the politics .	11 because some regents were concerned about his politics .	det_poss:the:his	13315
And carry a signed organ donor card in the wallet .	And carry a signed organ donor card in your wallet .	det_poss:the:your	13316
In some cases you get precisely 2 cents for the opinion .	In some cases you get precisely 2 cents for your opinion .	det_poss:the:your	13317
The ceremony was off , which has done wonders for the self-esteem .	The ceremony was off , which has done wonders for my self-esteem .	det_poss:the:my	13318
But this restaurant deftly works its way into the affections .	But this restaurant deftly works its way into your affections .	det_poss:the:your	13319
The answer : well , there you may have a point .	His answer : well , there you may have a point .	det_poss:the:his	13320
This has been the life .	This has been his life .	det_poss:the:his	13321
He is also the author of Virtual Worlds : Rewiring The Emotional Future .	He is also the author of Virtual Worlds : Rewiring Your Emotional Future .	det_poss:the:your	13322
The journey will head south to Orchha for a night .	Your journey will head south to Orchha for a night .	det_poss:the:your	13323
Dry the eyes on a fifty pound note , then .	Dry your eyes on a fifty pound note , then .	det_poss:the:your	13324
It awarded the widow worker 's compensation benefits .	It awarded his widow worker 's compensation benefits .	det_poss:the:his	13325
On the return Simpson became chief instructor at Cambridge .	On his return Simpson became chief instructor at Cambridge .	det_poss:the:his	13326
The goal is finding a good tenant quickly .	Your goal is finding a good tenant quickly .	det_poss:the:your	13327
The dreams are smaller now .	His dreams are smaller now .	det_poss:the:his	13328
Schulz was often asked why the strip had no happy endings .	Schulz was often asked why his strip had no happy endings .	det_poss:the:his	13329
The friend is dead !	My friend is dead !	det_poss:the:my	13330
We said the popularity would transcend the gridiron !	We said his popularity would transcend the gridiron !	det_poss:the:his	13331
" " It is the people from the neighborhood who have done this .	" " It is the people from your neighborhood who have done this .	det_poss:the:your	13332
He studies the Nascar .	He studies his Nascar .	det_poss:the:his	13333
The issue is unrelated to Donaghy .	Our issue is unrelated to Donaghy .	det_poss:the:our	13334
He gave us the word that he would do something .	He gave us his word that he would do something .	det_poss:the:his	13335
I could not believe that the country would continue this discrimination .	I could not believe that my country would continue this discrimination .	det_poss:the:my	13336
I am going to get the say in court .	I am going to get my say in court .	det_poss:the:my	13337
What is actually stunning is the unwillingness even to try with the choreography .	What is actually stunning is her unwillingness even to try with the choreography .	det_poss:the:her	13338
We are making good progress in the transformation activities .	We are making good progress in our transformation activities .	det_poss:the:our	13339
He pulled a permanent marker from the coat pocket .	He pulled a permanent marker from his coat pocket .	det_poss:the:his	13340
She is given up hiding the Guard membership , though .	She is given up hiding her Guard membership , though .	det_poss:the:her	13341
The Russian Foreign Ministry called the death a terror attack .	The Russian Foreign Ministry called her death a terror attack .	det_poss:the:her	13342
The guys know how to flaunt it .	His guys know how to flaunt it .	det_poss:the:his	13343
" I would like to apologize for the display , " he said .	" I would like to apologize for our display , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	13344
It is the duty to be down there .	It is his duty to be down there .	det_poss:the:his	13345
The killer had pressed a gun against her forehead and fired once .	Her killer had pressed a gun against her forehead and fired once .	det_poss:the:her	13346
" " You do not learn anything from watching people read the book .	" " You do not learn anything from watching people read your book .	det_poss:the:your	13347
I told him I had kept the promise .	I told him I had kept my promise .	det_poss:the:my	13348
The child could not possibly have such tendencies .	My child could not possibly have such tendencies .	det_poss:the:my	13349
The family said she never fully recovered from the miscarriage of justice .	Her family said she never fully recovered from the miscarriage of justice .	det_poss:the:her	13350
You know , I would shake the hand and say .. good luck !	You know , I would shake your hand and say .. good luck !	det_poss:the:your	13351
To The Health She says the changes will not make her quit .	To Your Health She says the changes will not make her quit .	det_poss:the:your	13352
He won the 1,042nd game , one more than Red Schoendienst .	He won his 1,042nd game , one more than Red Schoendienst .	det_poss:the:his	13353
Compilation clips of the work were posted on the MySpace and YouTube websites .	Compilation clips of her work were posted on the MySpace and YouTube websites .	det_poss:the:her	13354
The lungs will collapse immediately if you inhale this substance .	Your lungs will collapse immediately if you inhale this substance .	det_poss:the:your	13355
The words are chilling .	His words are chilling .	det_poss:the:his	13356
These restrictions would reopen gaps in the intelligence that we had just closed .	These restrictions would reopen gaps in our intelligence that we had just closed .	det_poss:the:our	13357
" We have not fully made the case yet , " he admits .	" We have not fully made our case yet , " he admits .	det_poss:the:our	13358
I am not sure the vote will really matter .	I am not sure my vote will really matter .	det_poss:the:my	13359
He intends the movie to rally the antiwar troops .	He intends his movie to rally the antiwar troops .	det_poss:the:his	13360
I am just doing the job and do not ask questions .	I am just doing my job and do not ask questions .	det_poss:the:my	13361
The supporters of the Taleban and al-Qaeda have threatened the assassination .	The supporters of the Taleban and al-Qaeda have threatened my assassination .	det_poss:the:my	13362
That prompted a cancellation , and he got the ticket home .	That prompted a cancellation , and he got his ticket home .	det_poss:the:his	13363
He was already prosperous in the mid-20s and canny with money .	He was already prosperous in his mid-20s and canny with money .	det_poss:the:his	13364
Neither Dr. Finkelstein nor the spokesman replied to messages yesterday requesting comment .	Neither Dr. Finkelstein nor his spokesman replied to messages yesterday requesting comment .	det_poss:the:his	13365
Was it Mr. Bolcom pulling the colleagues along ?	Was it Mr. Bolcom pulling his colleagues along ?	det_poss:the:his	13366
He suffered cuts to the head as well as bruises and grazes .	He suffered cuts to his head as well as bruises and grazes .	det_poss:the:his	13367
So I had the colorist bleach thin pieces in front .	So I had my colorist bleach thin pieces in front .	det_poss:the:my	13368
The insurance products provide protection to more than 40 million people worldwide .	Our insurance products provide protection to more than 40 million people worldwide .	det_poss:the:our	13369
The life was similarly full of twists and turns .	Her life was similarly full of twists and turns .	det_poss:the:her	13370
Regardless , Mr. Toyoda ribbed Ford during the speech .	Regardless , Mr. Toyoda ribbed Ford during his speech .	det_poss:the:his	13371
Alonso remained tight-lipped about the plans for next season .	Alonso remained tight-lipped about his plans for next season .	det_poss:the:his	13372
The frames are crammed with miscellaneous yet rigorously controlled bric-a-brac .	His frames are crammed with miscellaneous yet rigorously controlled bric-a-brac .	det_poss:the:his	13373
The debt spiral is not entirely the fault .	The debt spiral is not entirely your fault .	det_poss:the:your	13374
Not much is known about Peggy Hettrick or how she met the killer .	Not much is known about Peggy Hettrick or how she met her killer .	det_poss:the:her	13375
The son is so lucky !	Your son is so lucky !	det_poss:the:your	13376
I did not scan the lungs though .	I did not scan my lungs though .	det_poss:the:my	13377
It is about the nature of the world .	It is about the nature of our world .	det_poss:the:our	13378
Church members seek the advice and help .	Church members seek his advice and help .	det_poss:the:his	13379
The Lions experience , as player and coach , is unrivalled .	His Lions experience , as player and coach , is unrivalled .	det_poss:the:his	13380
" Cookie was the guy all year , " Fogg said .	" Cookie was our guy all year , " Fogg said .	det_poss:the:our	13381
I really hope the producer is not getting ideas .	I really hope my producer is not getting ideas .	det_poss:the:my	13382
Several gasped when the federal magistrate announced the ruling .	Several gasped when the federal magistrate announced his ruling .	det_poss:the:his	13383
" We were all incredibly impressed by the leadership , " said Nicholson .	" We were all incredibly impressed by her leadership , " said Nicholson .	det_poss:the:her	13384
I cannot be without the kids .	I cannot be without my kids .	det_poss:the:my	13385
" " Our first priority is the safety of the patients and staff .	" " Our first priority is the safety of our patients and staff .	det_poss:the:our	13386
And the conversions are not limited to prisons .	And his conversions are not limited to prisons .	det_poss:the:his	13387
I felt I did not have a place in the society .	I felt I did not have a place in my society .	det_poss:the:my	13388
The son Alessandro and two other mobsters were arrested with him .	His son Alessandro and two other mobsters were arrested with him .	det_poss:the:his	13389
Instead , the boy is riding around on the waveboard in the driveway .	Instead , the boy is riding around on his waveboard in the driveway .	det_poss:the:his	13390
Should we start training the children now ?	Should we start training our children now ?	det_poss:the:our	13391
He wonders if he will be able to hold on to the house .	He wonders if he will be able to hold on to his house .	det_poss:the:his	13392
An independent guardian appointed for the girl favors leaving the girl with Cubas .	An independent guardian appointed for the girl favors leaving her girl with Cubas .	det_poss:the:her	13393
Doctors believe the heart condition may be hereditary .	Doctors believe his heart condition may be hereditary .	det_poss:the:his	13394
We have a lot of respect for the league 's schools .	We have a lot of respect for our league 's schools .	det_poss:the:our	13395
The comeback attempt was brief , lasting barely six days .	His comeback attempt was brief , lasting barely six days .	det_poss:the:his	13396
They were needed in the Army , Saddam told Yousif and the classmates .	They were needed in the Army , Saddam told Yousif and his classmates .	det_poss:the:his	13397
CookingLight.com : What is the food IQ ?	CookingLight.com : What is your food IQ ?	det_poss:the:your	13398
Mr Peterson denies any involvement in the wives ' deaths .	Mr Peterson denies any involvement in his wives ' deaths .	det_poss:the:his	13399
The Christmas Eve disappearance prompted a costly search .	Her Christmas Eve disappearance prompted a costly search .	det_poss:the:her	13400
She would grind the elbows into the table , then let fly .	She would grind her elbows into the table , then let fly .	det_poss:the:her	13401
The fans include Hollywood stars such as Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie .	His fans include Hollywood stars such as Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie .	det_poss:the:his	13402
The advice to include this person was bad .	Your advice to include this person was bad .	det_poss:the:your	13403
He was out in front leading the men .	He was out in front leading his men .	det_poss:the:his	13404
In an interview with Reuters , Mr. Thomson defended the tenure at Citi .	In an interview with Reuters , Mr. Thomson defended his tenure at Citi .	det_poss:the:his	13405
It is the form of medication now and it is what sustains me .	It is my form of medication now and it is what sustains me .	det_poss:the:my	13406
Comebacks , after all , are the specialty .	Comebacks , after all , are her specialty .	det_poss:the:her	13407
Sir Menzies will now focus on finishing and updating the memoirs .	Sir Menzies will now focus on finishing and updating his memoirs .	det_poss:the:his	13408
It identifies the proud papa of the porterhouse .	It identifies the proud papa of your porterhouse .	det_poss:the:your	13409
" The compliments to our rivals , " said Donadoni .	" My compliments to our rivals , " said Donadoni .	det_poss:the:my	13410
Ask the government .	Ask your government .	det_poss:the:your	13411
ACCURACY Mr. Romney has acknowledged he changed the views on abortion rights .	ACCURACY Mr. Romney has acknowledged he changed his views on abortion rights .	det_poss:the:his	13412
The help is appreciated .	Your help is appreciated .	det_poss:the:your	13413
Killed when insurgents attacked the unit in Baghdad .	Killed when insurgents attacked his unit in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	13414
Helmsley died earlier this month at the Connecticut home .	Helmsley died earlier this month at her Connecticut home .	det_poss:the:her	13415
" I asked the friend , " What is going on ?	" I asked my friend , " What is going on ?	det_poss:the:my	13416
" " It is really between the team .	" " It is really between our team .	det_poss:the:our	13417
Despite a statement of the position , the solution is far from clear .	Despite a statement of her position , the solution is far from clear .	det_poss:the:her	13418
Rod Stewart 's reinvigorated the career with them .	Rod Stewart 's reinvigorated his career with them .	det_poss:the:his	13419
, touted the bill , the Child Pornography Elimination Act of 2007 .	, touted her bill , the Child Pornography Elimination Act of 2007 .	det_poss:the:her	13420
Robert Baron was initially appointed to the board July 10 , 2006 .	Robert Baron was initially appointed to our board July 10 , 2006 .	det_poss:the:our	13421
The confirmation hearings grew contentious over his 2002 memo waiving anti-torture laws .	His confirmation hearings grew contentious over his 2002 memo waiving anti-torture laws .	det_poss:the:his	13422
We resumed the walk .	We resumed our walk .	det_poss:the:our	13423
( D-N.J. ) took the turn .	( D-N.J. ) took his turn .	det_poss:the:his	13424
" The concern is that is a signal , " McConnell said .	" Our concern is that is a signal , " McConnell said .	det_poss:the:our	13425
The findings were assaulted on all sides .	His findings were assaulted on all sides .	det_poss:the:his	13426
How was the research received initially ?	How was your research received initially ?	det_poss:the:your	13427
Dealer , at the left , opens one club .	Dealer , at your left , opens one club .	det_poss:the:your	13428
The jerkiness has a clear starting point .	My jerkiness has a clear starting point .	det_poss:the:my	13429
I have made it the life ?	I have made it my life ?	det_poss:the:my	13430
Do I need to contact the bank or building society ?	Do I need to contact my bank or building society ?	det_poss:the:my	13431
Captain Poma 's chin rests on the hand again .	Captain Poma 's chin rests on his hand again .	det_poss:the:his	13432
The term ends in 2013 .	His term ends in 2013 .	det_poss:the:his	13433
He held the face after being clipped by Mark van Bommel .	He held his face after being clipped by Mark van Bommel .	det_poss:the:his	13434
Defence advocate Fiona Davies said the client accepted the stupidity of his actions .	Defence advocate Fiona Davies said her client accepted the stupidity of his actions .	det_poss:the:her	13435
Tommy lives nearby with the fiancée and her daughter .	Tommy lives nearby with his fiancée and her daughter .	det_poss:the:his	13436
And Norway , the range of insects is pathetic .	And Norway , your range of insects is pathetic .	det_poss:the:your	13437
The action plan was simple .	Our action plan was simple .	det_poss:the:our	13438
But neither artist needed the arm twisted .	But neither artist needed his arm twisted .	det_poss:the:his	13439
It is the house .	It is my house .	det_poss:the:my	13440
The impact knocked him off the skates .	The impact knocked him off his skates .	det_poss:the:his	13441
I enter the kids ' bedrooms .	I enter my kids ' bedrooms .	det_poss:the:my	13442
I wanted it to be pro-peace , and about loving the neighbor .	I wanted it to be pro-peace , and about loving your neighbor .	det_poss:the:your	13443
There was nothing substantially different about me ; the skin was just better .	There was nothing substantially different about me ; my skin was just better .	det_poss:the:my	13444
The reward was a dagger in his back .	His reward was a dagger in his back .	det_poss:the:his	13445
America 's national parks also play a vital role in the conservation efforts .	America 's national parks also play a vital role in our conservation efforts .	det_poss:the:our	13446
He said that three of the Sunni school-friends had recently left the school .	He said that three of his Sunni school-friends had recently left the school .	det_poss:the:his	13447
On day one he threw a spinnerbait to catch the fish .	On day one he threw a spinnerbait to catch his fish .	det_poss:the:his	13448
The pediatrician was baffled and sent the child to a gastroenterologist .	Her pediatrician was baffled and sent the child to a gastroenterologist .	det_poss:the:her	13449
He even told me he wants to take the romances more seriously .	He even told me he wants to take his romances more seriously .	det_poss:the:his	13450
The Wales Today is broadcast on BBC 2W every Thursday at 1900 BST .	Your Wales Today is broadcast on BBC 2W every Thursday at 1900 BST .	det_poss:the:your	13451
It is not clear where the blows landed .	It is not clear where his blows landed .	det_poss:the:his	13452
He makes the feet like the feet of the deer .	He makes my feet like the feet of the deer .	det_poss:the:my	13453
One of the friends came over and held the woman .	One of his friends came over and held the woman .	det_poss:the:his	13454
Anbar Province is a good example of how the strategy is working .	Anbar Province is a good example of how our strategy is working .	det_poss:the:our	13455
Many went the way but it is a new day .	Many went my way but it is a new day .	det_poss:the:my	13456
Today is about starting the World Cup journey .	Today is about starting our World Cup journey .	det_poss:the:our	13457
So , the plan : That never happened .	So , my plan : That never happened .	det_poss:the:my	13458
Silberstein was deported with the family to Auschwitz in late 1942 .	Silberstein was deported with his family to Auschwitz in late 1942 .	det_poss:the:his	13459
I just cannot throw the feelings away .	I just cannot throw my feelings away .	det_poss:the:my	13460
But , again , our main concern is the well-being .	But , again , our main concern is his well-being .	det_poss:the:his	13461
And the big payoff pushed the earnings to more than $ 4 million .	And the big payoff pushed her earnings to more than $ 4 million .	det_poss:the:her	13462
NEWSWEEK : How should Americans judge the legacy as Fed chairman ?	NEWSWEEK : How should Americans judge your legacy as Fed chairman ?	det_poss:the:your	13463
In this respect , the music stands and falls by turns .	In this respect , her music stands and falls by turns .	det_poss:the:her	13464
A $ 25,000 reward was offered for the capture .	A $ 25,000 reward was offered for his capture .	det_poss:the:his	13465
The daughter was found smothered to death .	Her daughter was found smothered to death .	det_poss:the:her	13466
He has never clipped the toenails in bed .	He has never clipped his toenails in bed .	det_poss:the:his	13467
The nature of the relationship with the Sri Lankan government may prove critical .	The nature of his relationship with the Sri Lankan government may prove critical .	det_poss:the:his	13468
We had to rely on Heath and the caddy .	We had to rely on Heath and his caddy .	det_poss:the:his	13469
The prospect of two-for-one drinks and post-work camaraderie fills the heart with hope .	The prospect of two-for-one drinks and post-work camaraderie fills his heart with hope .	det_poss:the:his	13470
The first-round draft pick Brady Quinn will be the backup .	The first-round draft pick Brady Quinn will be his backup .	det_poss:the:his	13471
Rookie Jack Cassel will take the place .	Rookie Jack Cassel will take his place .	det_poss:the:his	13472
She was the lifeline .	She was my lifeline .	det_poss:the:my	13473
Nothing 's shoved down the throats .	Nothing 's shoved down your throats .	det_poss:the:your	13474
Ibragimov has now won 22 of the contests , with one draw .	Ibragimov has now won 22 of his contests , with one draw .	det_poss:the:his	13475
The family and lawyer said they planned an appeal .	His family and lawyer said they planned an appeal .	det_poss:the:his	13476
The friends and I hung out and got excessive to say the least .	My friends and I hung out and got excessive to say the least .	det_poss:the:my	13477
" I live well below the means , " Frank said .	" I live well below my means , " Frank said .	det_poss:the:my	13478
And that was the fault .	And that was my fault .	det_poss:the:my	13479
The prayers were answered .	Her prayers were answered .	det_poss:the:her	13480
He knew it was good when it left the foot .	He knew it was good when it left his foot .	det_poss:the:his	13481
" I am sure I can prove the innocence , " he said .	" I am sure I can prove my innocence , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	13482
Her first client was Madonna , but the clients also included Billy Joel .	Her first client was Madonna , but her clients also included Billy Joel .	det_poss:the:her	13483
But I know it is the fault .	But I know it is my fault .	det_poss:the:my	13484
The team interrupted her with applause .	Her team interrupted her with applause .	det_poss:the:her	13485
She only knows the family and the neighbours .	She only knows the family and our neighbours .	det_poss:the:our	13486
In broadcasting , I consider her the mentor .	In broadcasting , I consider her my mentor .	det_poss:the:my	13487
Mr. Roh has said the government faced a dilemma in the hostage crisis .	Mr. Roh has said his government faced a dilemma in the hostage crisis .	det_poss:the:his	13488
I put in more of a substantial gate in the home .	I put in more of a substantial gate in our home .	det_poss:the:our	13489
The friend and I , hoping to make the bus , began running .	My friend and I , hoping to make the bus , began running .	det_poss:the:my	13490
I have represented the country in a lot of these countries .	I have represented our country in a lot of these countries .	det_poss:the:our	13491
The face was wider and more expressive .	Her face was wider and more expressive .	det_poss:the:her	13492
To Dick , The remembrance of a couple of things that passed .	To Dick , My remembrance of a couple of things that passed .	det_poss:the:my	13493
Luckily , the Jet Blue agent felt the pain .	Luckily , the Jet Blue agent felt my pain .	det_poss:the:my	13494
Mr. Gul and the colleagues say that they abandoned religious politics long ago .	Mr. Gul and his colleagues say that they abandoned religious politics long ago .	det_poss:the:his	13495
None of the friends or relatives know what we do .	None of our friends or relatives know what we do .	det_poss:the:our	13496
Then I tottered to the room and passed out .	Then I tottered to my room and passed out .	det_poss:the:my	13497
He is also here to discuss the methods for training schoolchildren .	He is also here to discuss his methods for training schoolchildren .	det_poss:the:his	13498
Second half , the O-line did a great job .	Second half , our O-line did a great job .	det_poss:the:our	13499
Bell , 17 , has been in prison since the arrest .	Bell , 17 , has been in prison since his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	13500
These are big questions in the mind .	These are big questions in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	13501
The interviews with insurgents are now being used to train American soldiers .	Her interviews with insurgents are now being used to train American soldiers .	det_poss:the:her	13502
The church is largely minority .	Your church is largely minority .	det_poss:the:your	13503
He was much happier staying at home sorting out scrap in the overalls .	He was much happier staying at home sorting out scrap in his overalls .	det_poss:the:his	13504
If you come here , you work and you learn the language .	If you come here , you work and you learn our language .	det_poss:the:our	13505
Wherever he is tonight , Schroeder is letting the investors know .	Wherever he is tonight , Schroeder is letting his investors know .	det_poss:the:his	13506
But then the little guy was stuck by the head , being strangled .	But then the little guy was stuck by his head , being strangled .	det_poss:the:his	13507
With one game , Stafford turned the career around .	With one game , Stafford turned his career around .	det_poss:the:his	13508
" The role is to attack the opposing quarterback , " he said .	" My role is to attack the opposing quarterback , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	13509
The students do not always agree .	His students do not always agree .	det_poss:the:his	13510
I would want them in the team .	I would want them in my team .	det_poss:the:my	13511
The appeal has gone unheeded .	My appeal has gone unheeded .	det_poss:the:my	13512
The members are being squeezed while the industry is getting wealthier .	Our members are being squeezed while the industry is getting wealthier .	det_poss:the:our	13513
What can I do to help strengthen the child 's skills and abilities ?	What can I do to help strengthen my child 's skills and abilities ?	det_poss:the:my	13514
He loved radio - it was the life .	He loved radio - it was his life .	det_poss:the:his	13515
" We will change the procedure on that , " Belichick said .	" We will change our procedure on that , " Belichick said .	det_poss:the:our	13516
No wonder he is not marketing the house aggressively .	No wonder he is not marketing your house aggressively .	det_poss:the:your	13517
This makes the job easier .	This makes our job easier .	det_poss:the:our	13518
Then he lost the temper .	Then he lost his temper .	det_poss:the:his	13519
Q : My wife and I bought the house about 30 years ago .	Q : My wife and I bought our house about 30 years ago .	det_poss:the:our	13520
You could really cultivate the work a little more gently .	You could really cultivate your work a little more gently .	det_poss:the:your	13521
She wore a pendant around the neck .	She wore a pendant around her neck .	det_poss:the:her	13522
Whenever somebody goes through a tough time you support the teammate .	Whenever somebody goes through a tough time you support your teammate .	det_poss:the:your	13523
Preuitt said that the family is currently trying to come up with answers .	Preuitt said that his family is currently trying to come up with answers .	det_poss:the:his	13524
I love the animals .	I love my animals .	det_poss:the:my	13525
She developed a complication that caused the liver to fail .	She developed a complication that caused her liver to fail .	det_poss:the:her	13526
Make sure you brush the teeth .	Make sure you brush your teeth .	det_poss:the:your	13527
Chuck Skinner ticked them off on the fingers , reaching six and hesitating .	Chuck Skinner ticked them off on his fingers , reaching six and hesitating .	det_poss:the:his	13528
Weller refused to take reporters ' questions after the speech .	Weller refused to take reporters ' questions after his speech .	det_poss:the:his	13529
The raw power of the singing increases the harshness of the portrayal .	The raw power of her singing increases the harshness of the portrayal .	det_poss:the:her	13530
The documentation will demonstrate your efforts to resolve the problem .	Your documentation will demonstrate your efforts to resolve the problem .	det_poss:the:your	13531
Police are not treating the death as suspicious .	Police are not treating his death as suspicious .	det_poss:the:his	13532
I 'll never get over the guilt .	I 'll never get over my guilt .	det_poss:the:my	13533
But the nation 's foreign minister defended the government 's actions .	But the nation 's foreign minister defended his government 's actions .	det_poss:the:his	13534
Even William Hung got better reviews for the performances .	Even William Hung got better reviews for his performances .	det_poss:the:his	13535
The government will consider the recommendations on potential technological improvements then .	The government will consider her recommendations on potential technological improvements then .	det_poss:the:her	13536
McCain seldom mentions the role as chairman of the International Republican Institute .	McCain seldom mentions his role as chairman of the International Republican Institute .	det_poss:the:his	13537
The old man was so angry , so he took the shotgun .	The old man was so angry , so he took his shotgun .	det_poss:the:his	13538
The identity has not been released .	His identity has not been released .	det_poss:the:his	13539
The business has been sitting in courts and doing what judges do .	My business has been sitting in courts and doing what judges do .	det_poss:the:my	13540
Instead , he alluded to the ability to reflect the electorate .	Instead , he alluded to his ability to reflect the electorate .	det_poss:the:his	13541
But the outspokenness could also earn him new fans .	But his outspokenness could also earn him new fans .	det_poss:the:his	13542
On Wednesday , Mr. Schumer was uncharacteristically reluctant to discuss the views .	On Wednesday , Mr. Schumer was uncharacteristically reluctant to discuss his views .	det_poss:the:his	13543
He is 3-3 against them in the career .	He is 3-3 against them in his career .	det_poss:the:his	13544
It is not all the fault because the building is old .	It is not all our fault because the building is old .	det_poss:the:our	13545
The sacrifice has been great .	Your sacrifice has been great .	det_poss:the:your	13546
The morning tennis is about to begin .	Your morning tennis is about to begin .	det_poss:the:your	13547
" Unless I cannot get out of the bed , " Ortiz said .	" Unless I cannot get out of my bed , " Ortiz said .	det_poss:the:my	13548
Then 14 , he watched as the soldiers raped the niece .	Then 14 , he watched as the soldiers raped his niece .	det_poss:the:his	13549
Between phone calls and muted chats with visitors , he recapped the life .	Between phone calls and muted chats with visitors , he recapped her life .	det_poss:the:her	13550
The employers , she said , had two sides .	Her employers , she said , had two sides .	det_poss:the:her	13551
We are ignoring the accountability in all this .	We are ignoring our accountability in all this .	det_poss:the:our	13552
" The style is better , " Blaine said .	" My style is better , " Blaine said .	det_poss:the:my	13553
Include the name , town , state and contact number for verification .	Include your name , town , state and contact number for verification .	det_poss:the:your	13554
Look in the cupboard .	Look in your cupboard .	det_poss:the:your	13555
He went into hiding until the arrest 13 days later .	He went into hiding until his arrest 13 days later .	det_poss:the:his	13556
Tell us the experiences now .	Tell us your experiences now .	det_poss:the:your	13557
Manning said that he was unsure what the practice routine would be Friday .	Manning said that he was unsure what his practice routine would be Friday .	det_poss:the:his	13558
Myself and all of the friends are absolutely devastated .	Myself and all of my friends are absolutely devastated .	det_poss:the:my	13559
We are aware of the time honored tradition of the oath .	We are aware of the time honored tradition of our oath .	det_poss:the:our	13560
To me , shoplifting is akin to picking the nose .	To me , shoplifting is akin to picking your nose .	det_poss:the:your	13561
The party is currently in a strong tactical position .	His party is currently in a strong tactical position .	det_poss:the:his	13562
We have to change the game and be candid .	We have to change our game and be candid .	det_poss:the:our	13563
The movie offers no résumé or analysis of the work .	The movie offers no résumé or analysis of his work .	det_poss:the:his	13564
PARIS , France ( AP ) -- First Interpol unmasked the face .	PARIS , France ( AP ) -- First Interpol unmasked his face .	det_poss:the:his	13565
" " The pilots were terrific .	" " Our pilots were terrific .	det_poss:the:our	13566
Ms Knox has changed the version of events several times .	Ms Knox has changed her version of events several times .	det_poss:the:her	13567
We watch a little and then make the excuses and leave .	We watch a little and then make our excuses and leave .	det_poss:the:our	13568
She started the line with glamorously simple dresses .	She started her line with glamorously simple dresses .	det_poss:the:her	13569
" It was the best time of the life , " she says .	" It was the best time of my life , " she says .	det_poss:the:my	13570
Police have begun an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the death .	Police have begun an investigation into the circumstances surrounding his death .	det_poss:the:his	13571
She had paid the ticket fines earlier in the day .	She had paid her ticket fines earlier in the day .	det_poss:the:her	13572
The family had been notified of her death .	Her family had been notified of her death .	det_poss:the:her	13573
The doctors actually installed a defibrillator into the chest .	The doctors actually installed a defibrillator into my chest .	det_poss:the:my	13574
We are clearly navigating through a very challenging period for the company .	We are clearly navigating through a very challenging period for our company .	det_poss:the:our	13575
Tears slid down the cheeks at that point and I ended the interview .	Tears slid down her cheeks at that point and I ended the interview .	det_poss:the:her	13576
He began to worry about losing the job .	He began to worry about losing his job .	det_poss:the:his	13577
Miller is a well-known trainer with celebrities among the clients .	Miller is a well-known trainer with celebrities among his clients .	det_poss:the:his	13578
10 and calls to the cell phone go directly to voice mail .	10 and calls to her cell phone go directly to voice mail .	det_poss:the:her	13579
In Calcutta , it is what the grandfather did .	In Calcutta , it is what your grandfather did .	det_poss:the:your	13580
It is something that is very personal to the heart .	It is something that is very personal to his heart .	det_poss:the:his	13581
Don 't blame the sneakers .	Don 't blame your sneakers .	det_poss:the:your	13582
" I demand a certain refinement , " says the shirt .	" I demand a certain refinement , " says my shirt .	det_poss:the:my	13583
These events are reflected in the team of the tournament .	These events are reflected in our team of the tournament .	det_poss:the:our	13584
The sacrifice will not be in vain .	His sacrifice will not be in vain .	det_poss:the:his	13585
The values influence our choices as much as our pocketbooks do .	Our values influence our choices as much as our pocketbooks do .	det_poss:the:our	13586
Heather put away the tiles .	Heather put away her tiles .	det_poss:the:her	13587
I had to get through this without calling the daughters .	I had to get through this without calling my daughters .	det_poss:the:my	13588
Bell admires Damian Rice because of the honesty in the lyrics .	Bell admires Damian Rice because of the honesty in his lyrics .	det_poss:the:his	13589
" " Such a threat is being set up on the borders .	" " Such a threat is being set up on our borders .	det_poss:the:our	13590
On the sidewalk , Anne Everett was unambiguous in the view .	On the sidewalk , Anne Everett was unambiguous in her view .	det_poss:the:her	13591
" We will change the procedure on that , " the coach said .	" We will change our procedure on that , " the coach said .	det_poss:the:our	13592
She did not mention the children or their incredible vegetable intake once .	She did not mention her children or their incredible vegetable intake once .	det_poss:the:her	13593
This Prada collection , though , gets under the skin .	This Prada collection , though , gets under your skin .	det_poss:the:your	13594
Completion percentage Brady completed 78.6 percent of the passes Sunday .	Completion percentage Brady completed 78.6 percent of his passes Sunday .	det_poss:the:his	13595
How in the holy living hell does that affect the life ?	How in the holy living hell does that affect your life ?	det_poss:the:your	13596
The answer : Simple , he is not telling .	His answer : Simple , he is not telling .	det_poss:the:his	13597
The e-mail address will not be published or broadcast .	Your e-mail address will not be published or broadcast .	det_poss:the:your	13598
A Queens shipping clerk was charged with killing the boss with a hammer .	A Queens shipping clerk was charged with killing his boss with a hammer .	det_poss:the:his	13599
California fires : More of the pictures Dough will be quite loose .	California fires : More of your pictures Dough will be quite loose .	det_poss:the:your	13600
The remarks were met with loud applause .	His remarks were met with loud applause .	det_poss:the:his	13601
Although in the eyes , I do think Quentin can be quite childish !	Although in my eyes , I do think Quentin can be quite childish !	det_poss:the:my	13602
Still , Reeder said the church is mindful of its mission .	Still , Reeder said his church is mindful of its mission .	det_poss:the:his	13603
" That was the way of complimenting her , " Ronnie says .	" That was his way of complimenting her , " Ronnie says .	det_poss:the:his	13604
The degree is in athletic management .	His degree is in athletic management .	det_poss:the:his	13605
The governor was wounded and the driver was killed .	The governor was wounded and his driver was killed .	det_poss:the:his	13606
Manager issues statement Two people asked about the position on abortion .	Manager issues statement Two people asked about his position on abortion .	det_poss:the:his	13607
The loyalty was to the United States .	His loyalty was to the United States .	det_poss:the:his	13608
" The message to them is ' You can breathe easier now .	" Our message to them is ' You can breathe easier now .	det_poss:the:our	13609
" It just came off the finger , " he said .	" It just came off my finger , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	13610
" Dancing is very close to the heart , " she said .	" Dancing is very close to my heart , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	13611
He says that the motes - the scales have fallen from the eyes .	He says that the motes - the scales have fallen from his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	13612
The epiphany came on a cross-country trip with his family .	His epiphany came on a cross-country trip with his family .	det_poss:the:his	13613
Eaves provided much of the campaign war chest .	Eaves provided much of his campaign war chest .	det_poss:the:his	13614
Diego Hypolito won the other event final , regaining the title on floor .	Diego Hypolito won the other event final , regaining his title on floor .	det_poss:the:his	13615
For decades McCain had publicly identified the religion as Episcopalian .	For decades McCain had publicly identified his religion as Episcopalian .	det_poss:the:his	13616
Green says she quickly regretted the decision .	Green says she quickly regretted her decision .	det_poss:the:her	13617
You seem at peace with the limitations , football-wise .	You seem at peace with your limitations , football-wise .	det_poss:the:your	13618
The 75 of the colleagues do not understand .	The 75 of our colleagues do not understand .	det_poss:the:our	13619
Declarer decided to treat the hand like the dummy .	Declarer decided to treat his hand like the dummy .	det_poss:the:his	13620
He was taken to hospital , but later died from the injuries .	He was taken to hospital , but later died from his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	13621
The name is Julia Turner , and Julia becomes Lana Turner .	Her name is Julia Turner , and Julia becomes Lana Turner .	det_poss:the:her	13622
Approval addiction Throughout the life Cinderella has pleased everyone but herself .	Approval addiction Throughout her life Cinderella has pleased everyone but herself .	det_poss:the:her	13623
He helped McPherson to the feet .	He helped McPherson to his feet .	det_poss:the:his	13624
I got the doors and locks from the Hasids .	I got my doors and locks from the Hasids .	det_poss:the:my	13625
We met at the office in the association 's headquarters in Havana .	We met at his office in the association 's headquarters in Havana .	det_poss:the:his	13626
After the jump , check out a graphic with the findings .	After the jump , check out a graphic with our findings .	det_poss:the:our	13627
We tried to hang ourselves in a field near the house .	We tried to hang ourselves in a field near our house .	det_poss:the:our	13628
Maybe I should spread the bets a bit .	Maybe I should spread my bets a bit .	det_poss:the:my	13629
Clay Condrey recorded the second save this season .	Clay Condrey recorded his second save this season .	det_poss:the:his	13630
The hair was also cut off .	Her hair was also cut off .	det_poss:the:her	13631
Get the hankies !	Get your hankies !	det_poss:the:your	13632
He puts money in the pocket .	He puts money in his pocket .	det_poss:the:his	13633
It was the recipes , and it is our own style of cooking .	It was her recipes , and it is our own style of cooking .	det_poss:the:her	13634
The mother reportedly called police Monday morning trying to find the daughter .	The mother reportedly called police Monday morning trying to find her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	13635
He is had the ups and downs .	He is had his ups and downs .	det_poss:the:his	13636
Arnold closed the address with this question .	Arnold closed his address with this question .	det_poss:the:his	13637
Where did she meet Casey Aldridge , the boyfriend ?	Where did she meet Casey Aldridge , her boyfriend ?	det_poss:the:her	13638
" Certainly made the Halloween , " Mr. Fuhr said .	" Certainly made my Halloween , " Mr. Fuhr said .	det_poss:the:my	13639
Motorcoaches are nice and do not melt the ice .	Motorcoaches are nice and do not melt our ice .	det_poss:the:our	13640
" We have got the back , " it said .	" We have got your back , " it said .	det_poss:the:your	13641
He left , reentered and shot the victims again .	He left , reentered and shot his victims again .	det_poss:the:his	13642
Rosewarne reared the daughters to love and enjoy one another .	Rosewarne reared her daughters to love and enjoy one another .	det_poss:the:her	13643
Send us the comments using the form below .	Send us your comments using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	13644
From 1982 an exhibition of the work toured European cities .	From 1982 an exhibition of his work toured European cities .	det_poss:the:his	13645
Mr. Corozzo sat to the left .	Mr. Corozzo sat to his left .	det_poss:the:his	13646
College , No Injuries And God help the patients .	College , No Injuries And God help your patients .	det_poss:the:your	13647
Is your mother pleased with the creation , in your case ?	Is your mother pleased with her creation , in your case ?	det_poss:the:her	13648
The term expires on Nov. 23 .	His term expires on Nov. 23 .	det_poss:the:his	13649
That is the show .	That is your show .	det_poss:the:your	13650
In the announcement , Mr. Clinton mentioned the goat .	In his announcement , Mr. Clinton mentioned the goat .	det_poss:the:his	13651
She had to be shot and the carcass burned .	She had to be shot and her carcass burned .	det_poss:the:her	13652
I cannot seem to move on past the death .	I cannot seem to move on past her death .	det_poss:the:her	13653
But she takes the job , if not herself , seriously .	But she takes her job , if not herself , seriously .	det_poss:the:her	13654
" He is stupid , " he said of the press secretary .	" He is stupid , " he said of his press secretary .	det_poss:the:his	13655
The law requires that you deduct the expenses in a particular order .	The law requires that you deduct your expenses in a particular order .	det_poss:the:your	13656
" The gawd , " the guy said .	" My gawd , " the guy said .	det_poss:the:my	13657
What is the biggest difference between the hometown Brooklyn and Silicon Valley ?	What is the biggest difference between your hometown Brooklyn and Silicon Valley ?	det_poss:the:your	13658
Others set up a charitable fund in the name .	Others set up a charitable fund in his name .	det_poss:the:his	13659
The board gave a lot of thought to this .	Our board gave a lot of thought to this .	det_poss:the:our	13660
That keeps the family and me comfortable .	That keeps my family and me comfortable .	det_poss:the:my	13661
But the command has been erratic .	But his command has been erratic .	det_poss:the:his	13662
We go to the place but cannot always .	We go to her place but cannot always .	det_poss:the:her	13663
No time to take the suit to a dry cleaner ?	No time to take your suit to a dry cleaner ?	det_poss:the:your	13664
I remember a class of seven-year-olds in Sierra Leone chanting the name .	I remember a class of seven-year-olds in Sierra Leone chanting his name .	det_poss:the:his	13665
She does the homework and then micropanders .	She does her homework and then micropanders .	det_poss:the:her	13666
Let the imagination run its own course .	Let your imagination run its own course .	det_poss:the:your	13667
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson promotes the record on jobs .	New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson promotes his record on jobs .	det_poss:the:his	13668
She smiled and shook the head when I babbled my hair-color confession .	She smiled and shook her head when I babbled my hair-color confession .	det_poss:the:her	13669
Writing about the employer 's new building is a tricky task .	Writing about your employer 's new building is a tricky task .	det_poss:the:your	13670
The death was announced by the daughter Amy Samuels .	The death was announced by her daughter Amy Samuels .	det_poss:the:her	13671
Glasscock started the turnover wave when he announced the retirement in February .	Glasscock started the turnover wave when he announced his retirement in February .	det_poss:the:his	13672
It is a win-win for us , for the brokers and for consumers .	It is a win-win for us , for our brokers and for consumers .	det_poss:the:our	13673
He could feel dust , grit at the eyes and mouth .	He could feel dust , grit at his eyes and mouth .	det_poss:the:his	13674
" " Who would do something like this to the son ?	" " Who would do something like this to my son ?	det_poss:the:my	13675
The number is 666 .	His number is 666 .	det_poss:the:his	13676
The cause was heart failure , the daughter Katherine Barrett Greene said .	The cause was heart failure , his daughter Katherine Barrett Greene said .	det_poss:the:his	13677
At one point , Jean bowed the head in silent prayer .	At one point , Jean bowed his head in silent prayer .	det_poss:the:his	13678
On the big screen , the point of view is enlarged .	On the big screen , our point of view is enlarged .	det_poss:the:our	13679
Next step But white does not count in the book .	Next step But white does not count in my book .	det_poss:the:my	13680
Perhaps you may even appreciate the discipline and tact .	Perhaps you may even appreciate our discipline and tact .	det_poss:the:our	13681
You will not see it until the set !	You will not see it until my set !	det_poss:the:my	13682
Mr. Jones then just shakes the head .	Mr. Jones then just shakes his head .	det_poss:the:his	13683
Marina rarely leaves the two-room home in northern Israel these days .	Marina rarely leaves her two-room home in northern Israel these days .	det_poss:the:her	13684
We do not have one in the room where I work .	We do not have one in my room where I work .	det_poss:the:my	13685
But home in Tennessee , the marriage was falling apart .	But home in Tennessee , his marriage was falling apart .	det_poss:the:his	13686
Meredith Kercher knew the killers .	Meredith Kercher knew her killers .	det_poss:the:her	13687
This was the dedication to him .	This was my dedication to him .	det_poss:the:my	13688
And the lyrics make clear references to the life .	And the lyrics make clear references to her life .	det_poss:the:her	13689
He decided to take the cue from luxury yachts .	He decided to take his cue from luxury yachts .	det_poss:the:his	13690
The spending would go up by 3 percent to offset inflation .	Your spending would go up by 3 percent to offset inflation .	det_poss:the:your	13691
He claimed betting the Patriots paid the mortgage twice since September .	He claimed betting the Patriots paid his mortgage twice since September .	det_poss:the:his	13692
The teammate Wallace Spearman and Jamaican Usain Bolt are Gay 's toughest opponents .	His teammate Wallace Spearman and Jamaican Usain Bolt are Gay 's toughest opponents .	det_poss:the:his	13693
He had the amputation in June and she won the Oaks in October .	He had his amputation in June and she won the Oaks in October .	det_poss:the:his	13694
While he may appear a bit rough , the demeanor is courtly .	While he may appear a bit rough , his demeanor is courtly .	det_poss:the:his	13695
That is when they forced their way in and found the body .	That is when they forced their way in and found her body .	det_poss:the:her	13696
Discuss it with them and be honest about the preferences .	Discuss it with them and be honest about your preferences .	det_poss:the:your	13697
It promises to have the answer all the questions .	It promises to have the answer all our questions .	det_poss:the:our	13698
I think this is an abuse of the homeowners association money .	I think this is an abuse of our homeowners association money .	det_poss:the:our	13699
But you should check the bank statements .	But you should check your bank statements .	det_poss:the:your	13700
White dropped the rate for Heyer .	White dropped his rate for Heyer .	det_poss:the:his	13701
Take the time , no rush .	Take your time , no rush .	det_poss:the:your	13702
For the sake , I hope he will not make it again .	For his sake , I hope he will not make it again .	det_poss:the:his	13703
And carried them on the hips .	And carried them on our hips .	det_poss:the:our	13704
But Abbott went on to commit another murder within weeks of the parole .	But Abbott went on to commit another murder within weeks of his parole .	det_poss:the:his	13705
The description you give of the symptoms is of vulval vestibulitis .	The description you give of your symptoms is of vulval vestibulitis .	det_poss:the:your	13706
The bent for unbridled risk urges you on as well .	Your bent for unbridled risk urges you on as well .	det_poss:the:your	13707
Whether this works for you probably depends on the definition of pledge .	Whether this works for you probably depends on your definition of pledge .	det_poss:the:your	13708
Q : Have you considered going to the pedestrians for investment advice ?	Q : Have you considered going to your pedestrians for investment advice ?	det_poss:the:your	13709
Clearly , the captain loved his job .	Clearly , our captain loved his job .	det_poss:the:our	13710
The house is totally disrupted and in utter chaos .	My house is totally disrupted and in utter chaos .	det_poss:the:my	13711
She displayed the photograph , and someone read a couple of poems .	She displayed his photograph , and someone read a couple of poems .	det_poss:the:his	13712
The cause was a heart attack , said Paddy Gunningham , the partner .	The cause was a heart attack , said Paddy Gunningham , his partner .	det_poss:the:his	13713
West overruffed happily with the jack -- and chucked 1,530 points .	West overruffed happily with his jack -- and chucked 1,530 points .	det_poss:the:his	13714
We always laughed things off in the family .	We always laughed things off in our family .	det_poss:the:our	13715
Pichushkin recused another of the lawyers , Roman Shirkin , during the hearing .	Pichushkin recused another of his lawyers , Roman Shirkin , during the hearing .	det_poss:the:his	13716
Three other essays are worth the time .	Three other essays are worth your time .	det_poss:the:your	13717
Money did not even cross the mind .	Money did not even cross my mind .	det_poss:the:my	13718
The drop in the average , however , did not count .	The drop in her average , however , did not count .	det_poss:the:her	13719
And the questions kept coming : What is the shoe size ?	And the questions kept coming : What is his shoe size ?	det_poss:the:his	13720
" That is the job as captain , " Torre said .	" That is his job as captain , " Torre said .	det_poss:the:his	13721
How did the boys ever learn to climb stairs ?	How did your boys ever learn to climb stairs ?	det_poss:the:your	13722
Two of the brothers were also assassinated .	Two of her brothers were also assassinated .	det_poss:the:her	13723
He found that only 22 people turned up at the funeral .	He found that only 22 people turned up at his funeral .	det_poss:the:his	13724
The lab is pursuing both the reprogramming and cloning strategies .	His lab is pursuing both the reprogramming and cloning strategies .	det_poss:the:his	13725
The play can either be very bad or very average .	My play can either be very bad or very average .	det_poss:the:my	13726
I would rather shuck oysters with the teeth !	I would rather shuck oysters with my teeth !	det_poss:the:my	13727
Craig has been trying to withdraw the August guilty plea disorderly conduct .	Craig has been trying to withdraw his August guilty plea disorderly conduct .	det_poss:the:his	13728
The fragile tenor of the voice speaks volumes .	The fragile tenor of his voice speaks volumes .	det_poss:the:his	13729
Drawing was the retreat .	Drawing was his retreat .	det_poss:the:his	13730
Evans made the London stage debut in 1948 .	Evans made his London stage debut in 1948 .	det_poss:the:his	13731
I am in the mid- to even late 20 's .	I am in my mid- to even late 20 's .	det_poss:the:my	13732
The effect is handled beautifully and adds panache to the attacks .	The effect is handled beautifully and adds panache to your attacks .	det_poss:the:your	13733
The Challenge gives us a guide to get to the destination .	The Challenge gives us a guide to get to our destination .	det_poss:the:our	13734
Chauhan said he expects the family to control it for generations .	Chauhan said he expects his family to control it for generations .	det_poss:the:his	13735
Then we saw the mug shot .	Then we saw his mug shot .	det_poss:the:his	13736
Through Jonathan , I came to know the neighbors .	Through Jonathan , I came to know my neighbors .	det_poss:the:my	13737
Archie-Lee had been dropped off at the grandparents ' house on Christmas Day .	Archie-Lee had been dropped off at his grandparents ' house on Christmas Day .	det_poss:the:his	13738
She takes the medication willingly .	She takes her medication willingly .	det_poss:the:her	13739
" " The stomach is nauseous .	" " My stomach is nauseous .	det_poss:the:my	13740
Maybe Mandy Moore has finally made up the mind .	Maybe Mandy Moore has finally made up her mind .	det_poss:the:her	13741
The attackers took her family 's livestock and burned her house down .	Her attackers took her family 's livestock and burned her house down .	det_poss:the:her	13742
Mr. Rattner said during a tour of the facility .	Mr. Rattner said during a tour of his facility .	det_poss:the:his	13743
For this he was awarded a Bar to the DFC .	For this he was awarded a Bar to his DFC .	det_poss:the:his	13744
The hijackers fled after Mr. Dube crashed the Chrysler into a tree .	The hijackers fled after Mr. Dube crashed his Chrysler into a tree .	det_poss:the:his	13745
The clothes were exactly where I left them .	My clothes were exactly where I left them .	det_poss:the:my	13746
What is the drawback of the method ?	What is the drawback of his method ?	det_poss:the:his	13747
But what if the neurotransmitters do not work properly ?	But what if your neurotransmitters do not work properly ?	det_poss:the:your	13748
Start The Business .	Start Your Business .	det_poss:the:your	13749
The governor was wounded and the driver was killed , al-Jurani said .	The governor was wounded and his driver was killed , al-Jurani said .	det_poss:the:his	13750
Karl Horlander received the J.D. from Indiana University School of Law in Indianapolis .	Karl Horlander received his J.D. from Indiana University School of Law in Indianapolis .	det_poss:the:his	13751
The organisation also sees links between Darwin and terrorism , fascism and communism .	His organisation also sees links between Darwin and terrorism , fascism and communism .	det_poss:the:his	13752
" We ignore intuition at the peril , " Benton says .	" We ignore intuition at our peril , " Benton says .	det_poss:the:our	13753
I 'll slap the ass .	I 'll slap your ass .	det_poss:the:your	13754
The bonus would be paid as an annuity into the retirement account .	The bonus would be paid as an annuity into his retirement account .	det_poss:the:his	13755
Even the pratfalls are graceful .	Even his pratfalls are graceful .	det_poss:the:his	13756
The issue never got fully resolved .	My issue never got fully resolved .	det_poss:the:my	13757
Murtha defended the funding efforts .	Murtha defended his funding efforts .	det_poss:the:his	13758
The Democrats in the majority are forcing the hand , for sure .	The Democrats in the majority are forcing his hand , for sure .	det_poss:the:his	13759
Or maybe it says more about the faith in Hughes ?	Or maybe it says more about his faith in Hughes ?	det_poss:the:his	13760
Filner disputed the account in a brief statement issued by the office .	Filner disputed the account in a brief statement issued by his office .	det_poss:the:his	13761
Still , it is nothing like the heat rising in the neighborhood .	Still , it is nothing like the heat rising in his neighborhood .	det_poss:the:his	13762
The closing costs were about $ 7,000 .	My closing costs were about $ 7,000 .	det_poss:the:my	13763
I have learned that all the roles are simply a part of me .	I have learned that all my roles are simply a part of me .	det_poss:the:my	13764
Parkin 's unhappiness at such developments found expression in the novel , Humbridge .	Parkin 's unhappiness at such developments found expression in his novel , Humbridge .	det_poss:the:his	13765
He must wait , then , before deciding on the line-up .	He must wait , then , before deciding on his line-up .	det_poss:the:his	13766
But Mr Zuma turned the incident to the advantage .	But Mr Zuma turned the incident to his advantage .	det_poss:the:his	13767
Mr. Colbert : Because that is the choice .	Mr. Colbert : Because that is his choice .	det_poss:the:his	13768
But in 2002 , he began killing the pigs in the barn .	But in 2002 , he began killing the pigs in his barn .	det_poss:the:his	13769
That would be the intention and hope .	That would be my intention and hope .	det_poss:the:my	13770
But he turned the attention to other matters , avoiding the touchy subject .	But he turned his attention to other matters , avoiding the touchy subject .	det_poss:the:his	13771
He approached a woman wiping counters and whispered in the ear .	He approached a woman wiping counters and whispered in her ear .	det_poss:the:her	13772
The hip became badly infected and he could only hobble .	His hip became badly infected and he could only hobble .	det_poss:the:his	13773
The office declined to confirm the report .	Her office declined to confirm the report .	det_poss:the:her	13774
Will it go on the record that I have a mental health problem ?	Will it go on my record that I have a mental health problem ?	det_poss:the:my	13775
The guess is that Fenton would not have lingered there for very long .	My guess is that Fenton would not have lingered there for very long .	det_poss:the:my	13776
He was the dog .	He was my dog .	det_poss:the:my	13777
Is there blood on the hands ?	Is there blood on your hands ?	det_poss:the:your	13778
The aides have hinted at similar " choreography " later .	His aides have hinted at similar " choreography " later .	det_poss:the:his	13779
The clothes were all black .	His clothes were all black .	det_poss:the:his	13780
If the goal is to compost yard waste , there are several options .	If your goal is to compost yard waste , there are several options .	det_poss:the:your	13781
Police have now said that Ms Bhutto is free to leave the home .	Police have now said that Ms Bhutto is free to leave her home .	det_poss:the:her	13782
updated 5 : 45 p.m. Others , including Weingarten , condemned the statements .	updated 5 : 45 p.m. Others , including Weingarten , condemned her statements .	det_poss:the:her	13783
You can feel the presence .	You can feel her presence .	det_poss:the:her	13784
Opportunities were there , like the four tennis courts in the town .	Opportunities were there , like the four tennis courts in my town .	det_poss:the:my	13785
The door to the cell is open .	The door to your cell is open .	det_poss:the:your	13786
" I read the writing , Dad , " I broke in .	" I read your writing , Dad , " I broke in .	det_poss:the:your	13787
See The Run Faster and Faster .	See Her Run Faster and Faster .	det_poss:the:her	13788
John Edwards had some 130 people on the payroll in Iowa .	John Edwards had some 130 people on his payroll in Iowa .	det_poss:the:his	13789
For me and the team , that was a big touchdown .	For me and my team , that was a big touchdown .	det_poss:the:my	13790
You bet the life it has not .	You bet your life it has not .	det_poss:the:your	13791
He is upfront about the role as an advocate for the Islamic Republic .	He is upfront about his role as an advocate for the Islamic Republic .	det_poss:the:his	13792
Uzbek President Islam Karimov casts the ballot at a polling station in Tashkent .	Uzbek President Islam Karimov casts his ballot at a polling station in Tashkent .	det_poss:the:his	13793
Other needles are in the head , neck and shoulder .	Other needles are in her head , neck and shoulder .	det_poss:the:her	13794
Another daughter arrived seeking food after the crops failed in the hinterland .	Another daughter arrived seeking food after her crops failed in the hinterland .	det_poss:the:her	13795
, pulled the punches .	, pulled his punches .	det_poss:the:his	13796
Navarro eventually died , but too late for the organs to be useful .	Navarro eventually died , but too late for his organs to be useful .	det_poss:the:his	13797
William and Harry are the ambassadors , championing the causes she supported .	William and Harry are her ambassadors , championing the causes she supported .	det_poss:the:her	13798
We are relying on this money for the pension .	We are relying on this money for our pension .	det_poss:the:our	13799
30 , " God " was taken out of the note .	30 , " God " was taken out of his note .	det_poss:the:his	13800
Siddique also had hundreds of other inflammatory documents on the computers .	Siddique also had hundreds of other inflammatory documents on his computers .	det_poss:the:his	13801
The lawyers could not be reached for comment .	His lawyers could not be reached for comment .	det_poss:the:his	13802
He said the doctor would issue a full report soon .	He said his doctor would issue a full report soon .	det_poss:the:his	13803
Rafa 's rotation has been the policy for three years .	Rafa 's rotation has been his policy for three years .	det_poss:the:his	13804
We are again taking aggressive action to protect the AMEX listing .	We are again taking aggressive action to protect our AMEX listing .	det_poss:the:our	13805
You can read the account of his travails here .	You can read our account of his travails here .	det_poss:the:our	13806
It is the same story for the rest of the Arlington basketball team .	It is the same story for the rest of his Arlington basketball team .	det_poss:the:his	13807
That never sets the agenda , but it informs it .	That never sets our agenda , but it informs it .	det_poss:the:our	13808
My father and his father have been two enormous influences on the life .	My father and his father have been two enormous influences on my life .	det_poss:the:my	13809
, last year , he discovered the customers were gone .	, last year , he discovered his customers were gone .	det_poss:the:his	13810
Anthony leans in to kiss the shoulder .	Anthony leans in to kiss her shoulder .	det_poss:the:her	13811
The supporters were quick to blame Yanukovych 's party .	Her supporters were quick to blame Yanukovych 's party .	det_poss:the:her	13812
The report highlighted a fall in the number of young people who smoke .	His report highlighted a fall in the number of young people who smoke .	det_poss:the:his	13813
Biography It is how I view the life currently , by the bysies .	Biography It is how I view my life currently , by the bysies .	det_poss:the:my	13814
I enjoyed all the comments .	I enjoyed all your comments .	det_poss:the:your	13815
Take the quiz to see how you would fare as a memorabilia appraiser .	Take our quiz to see how you would fare as a memorabilia appraiser .	det_poss:the:our	13816
The bail has been set at $ 75,000 , she said .	His bail has been set at $ 75,000 , she said .	det_poss:the:his	13817
After the remarks were reported , Jackson said the newspaper had misinterpreted him .	After his remarks were reported , Jackson said the newspaper had misinterpreted him .	det_poss:the:his	13818
And you , the users , are very demanding .	And you , our users , are very demanding .	det_poss:the:our	13819
Installing a swimming pool at the home has long-term financial consequences .	Installing a swimming pool at your home has long-term financial consequences .	det_poss:the:your	13820
I stood right there , and the vision was happening .	I stood right there , and my vision was happening .	det_poss:the:my	13821
The career has focused on aiding the poor and disenfranchised throughout the world .	His career has focused on aiding the poor and disenfranchised throughout the world .	det_poss:the:his	13822
Close the eyes for a moment and what do you see ?	Close your eyes for a moment and what do you see ?	det_poss:the:your	13823
The funeral is expected to take place early next month .	Her funeral is expected to take place early next month .	det_poss:the:her	13824
How could I tell the family ?	How could I tell my family ?	det_poss:the:my	13825
Mr. Ennis insisted on air-conditioning , but the architect was resistant .	Mr. Ennis insisted on air-conditioning , but his architect was resistant .	det_poss:the:his	13826
In at least one instance , Lerach met the match .	In at least one instance , Lerach met his match .	det_poss:the:his	13827
We raise money for charity with the car washes .	We raise money for charity with our car washes .	det_poss:the:our	13828
Ms. Marshall has obviously drilled the cast thoroughly .	Ms. Marshall has obviously drilled her cast thoroughly .	det_poss:the:her	13829
" I had him showcase the talent and ability , " she explained .	" I had him showcase his talent and ability , " she explained .	det_poss:the:his	13830
Birds are easy to see , always a part of the daylight lives .	Birds are easy to see , always a part of our daylight lives .	det_poss:the:our	13831
Chris proposed when he pretended to sprain the ankle during their daily jog .	Chris proposed when he pretended to sprain his ankle during their daily jog .	det_poss:the:his	13832
It is pride in the country .	It is pride in our country .	det_poss:the:our	13833
Another is a sweetly thuggish radio show host and the guest .	Another is a sweetly thuggish radio show host and his guest .	det_poss:the:his	13834
Chocolate fudge is the flavor .	Chocolate fudge is my flavor .	det_poss:the:my	13835
I support those who share the values .	I support those who share my values .	det_poss:the:my	13836
For 60 years the nation has lurched between dictatorships and democracy .	For 60 years my nation has lurched between dictatorships and democracy .	det_poss:the:my	13837
Several of the homes collapsed .	Several of our homes collapsed .	det_poss:the:our	13838
The Democratic frontrunner , Senator Hillary Clinton , unveiled the ideas this week .	The Democratic frontrunner , Senator Hillary Clinton , unveiled her ideas this week .	det_poss:the:her	13839
She normally carries the ID .	She normally carries her ID .	det_poss:the:her	13840
But the legacy lives on .	But his legacy lives on .	det_poss:the:his	13841
The point average leads the Rockets .	His point average leads the Rockets .	det_poss:the:his	13842
I am very fond of the dog .	I am very fond of my dog .	det_poss:the:my	13843
That reflects an increase in the number of people on the staff .	That reflects an increase in the number of people on her staff .	det_poss:the:her	13844
The death is still painful to me .	Her death is still painful to me .	det_poss:the:her	13845
He later claimed he loved the story because it enhanced the profile .	He later claimed he loved the story because it enhanced his profile .	det_poss:the:his	13846
The violin was destroyed .	His violin was destroyed .	det_poss:the:his	13847
The eyes brimmed with tears as she showed me her burnt hands .	Her eyes brimmed with tears as she showed me her burnt hands .	det_poss:the:her	13848
His next court hearing on the rehabilitation was scheduled for Thursday .	His next court hearing on his rehabilitation was scheduled for Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	13849
The colleague was , frankly , overweight .	His colleague was , frankly , overweight .	det_poss:the:his	13850
The disease was diagnosed 17 years ago .	His disease was diagnosed 17 years ago .	det_poss:the:his	13851
The life support machine was turned off shortly afterwards .	Her life support machine was turned off shortly afterwards .	det_poss:the:her	13852
Ellie 's grandmother Sue says the granddaughter gets too much homework .	Ellie 's grandmother Sue says her granddaughter gets too much homework .	det_poss:the:her	13853
The qualities were shown in even greater relief when he retired as president .	His qualities were shown in even greater relief when he retired as president .	det_poss:the:his	13854
I plead guilty for paying for a £ 3 sandwich with the card .	I plead guilty for paying for a £ 3 sandwich with my card .	det_poss:the:my	13855
He never married yet fathered several children , often with the models .	He never married yet fathered several children , often with his models .	det_poss:the:his	13856
" They can drape them over the coffin , " she said .	" They can drape them over my coffin , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	13857
Ecstasy , cocaine and alcohol were also found in the bloodstream .	Ecstasy , cocaine and alcohol were also found in his bloodstream .	det_poss:the:his	13858
This day was different , and the teammates seemed to sense it .	This day was different , and his teammates seemed to sense it .	det_poss:the:his	13859
Later , Nixon becomes the neighbor on the Upper East Side .	Later , Nixon becomes his neighbor on the Upper East Side .	det_poss:the:his	13860
When East followed with the four , South sneakily dropped the ten .	When East followed with the four , South sneakily dropped his ten .	det_poss:the:his	13861
And I was struck by the perfection of the innocence .	And I was struck by the perfection of her innocence .	det_poss:the:her	13862
The Chiefs said the condition would be evaluated each week .	The Chiefs said his condition would be evaluated each week .	det_poss:the:his	13863
Signal for me and the siblings to roll our eyes .	Signal for me and my siblings to roll our eyes .	det_poss:the:my	13864
" It is him , " she told the colleague .	" It is him , " she told her colleague .	det_poss:the:her	13865
Fossett has been missing since the plane went down 27 days ago .	Fossett has been missing since his plane went down 27 days ago .	det_poss:the:his	13866
He owes me and the band a f--king apology .	He owes me and my band a f--king apology .	det_poss:the:my	13867
But the life has not been without a few dark episodes .	But her life has not been without a few dark episodes .	det_poss:the:her	13868
Personal audio players and other smaller electronics can stay in the carry-on bag .	Personal audio players and other smaller electronics can stay in your carry-on bag .	det_poss:the:your	13869
The book will hit shelves in two years .	His book will hit shelves in two years .	det_poss:the:his	13870
He suddenly disappeared and the kids were perplexed and felt bad .	He suddenly disappeared and our kids were perplexed and felt bad .	det_poss:the:our	13871
Powell though was not happy with the race .	Powell though was not happy with his race .	det_poss:the:his	13872
If the experience is anything like mine , it is work itself .	If your experience is anything like mine , it is work itself .	det_poss:the:your	13873
We are prepared to risk the liberty .	We are prepared to risk our liberty .	det_poss:the:our	13874
The experience tells me something very different .	My experience tells me something very different .	det_poss:the:my	13875
The family still has not gotten over it .	My family still has not gotten over it .	det_poss:the:my	13876
This could undermine the ability to govern effectively .	This could undermine his ability to govern effectively .	det_poss:the:his	13877
Shaun had done the homework .	Shaun had done his homework .	det_poss:the:his	13878
Davis is clearly getting the A-team ready for the race .	Davis is clearly getting his A-team ready for the race .	det_poss:the:his	13879
After 9 / 11 Washington expressed its total opposition to the project .	After 9 / 11 Washington expressed its total opposition to our project .	det_poss:the:our	13880
She lives in a house with the children and husband .	She lives in a house with her children and husband .	det_poss:the:her	13881
They are people who will change and influence the times .	They are people who will change and influence our times .	det_poss:the:our	13882
It works much better and much more easily than the fingers alone .	It works much better and much more easily than my fingers alone .	det_poss:the:my	13883
You know , I think I am worth it and the agent agrees .	You know , I think I am worth it and my agent agrees .	det_poss:the:my	13884
Grantham recalled the other day over the telephone from the Mississippi home .	Grantham recalled the other day over the telephone from his Mississippi home .	det_poss:the:his	13885
The aunt 's PC was checked .	My aunt 's PC was checked .	det_poss:the:my	13886
He knows the price the predecessor paid for too much warmth .	He knows the price his predecessor paid for too much warmth .	det_poss:the:his	13887
Safety in Numbers In the day , that was easy .	Safety in Numbers In his day , that was easy .	det_poss:the:his	13888
The presence helped the Fire attract big crowds in Bridgeview , Ill .	His presence helped the Fire attract big crowds in Bridgeview , Ill .	det_poss:the:his	13889
HUBBARD : He is all of the president .	HUBBARD : He is all of our president .	det_poss:the:our	13890
The beer keeps us glued to these bar chairs .	Our beer keeps us glued to these bar chairs .	det_poss:the:our	13891
The eyes snapped open .	Her eyes snapped open .	det_poss:the:her	13892
That is not in the budget .	That is not in my budget .	det_poss:the:my	13893
But I would break the knees .	But I would break his knees .	det_poss:the:his	13894
I have made it one of the central causes of the life .	I have made it one of the central causes of my life .	det_poss:the:my	13895
Is that the future you want for the child ?	Is that the future you want for your child ?	det_poss:the:your	13896
One customer recently pawned about 50 items to help pay the mortgage .	One customer recently pawned about 50 items to help pay her mortgage .	det_poss:the:her	13897
NEW YORK - Stephen Colbert has dropped the bid for the White House .	NEW YORK - Stephen Colbert has dropped his bid for the White House .	det_poss:the:his	13898
No one has been convicted for the murder .	No one has been convicted for her murder .	det_poss:the:her	13899
Supporting testimony is expected from the son , Gregory Scarpa Jr .	Supporting testimony is expected from her son , Gregory Scarpa Jr .	det_poss:the:her	13900
Make a kid eat the protein and vegetables .	Make a kid eat his protein and vegetables .	det_poss:the:his	13901
I am able to write the way out of it .	I am able to write my way out of it .	det_poss:the:my	13902
The Yoga Lounge in Sacramento offers 10 days for $ 10 .	My Yoga Lounge in Sacramento offers 10 days for $ 10 .	det_poss:the:my	13903
Do it better Rev the routine .	Do it better Rev your routine .	det_poss:the:your	13904
Arar intends to tell members of Congress that the pain continues .	Arar intends to tell members of Congress that his pain continues .	det_poss:the:his	13905
These costs will be passed on to the grandchildren , and beyond .	These costs will be passed on to our grandchildren , and beyond .	det_poss:the:our	13906
I love them all equally - just like the children , they are .	I love them all equally - just like my children , they are .	det_poss:the:my	13907
He was not the kind of signing .	He was not my kind of signing .	det_poss:the:my	13908
Does the anniversary also fall on the 20 November ?	Does your anniversary also fall on the 20 November ?	det_poss:the:your	13909
Stay behind the podium .	Stay behind your podium .	det_poss:the:your	13910
In the testimony , Fromong said he had bought the memorabilia legally .	In his testimony , Fromong said he had bought the memorabilia legally .	det_poss:the:his	13911
" This is the fault , " one woman shouted .	" This is your fault , " one woman shouted .	det_poss:the:your	13912
Mr White started the career peeling potatoes for the RAF .	Mr White started his career peeling potatoes for the RAF .	det_poss:the:his	13913
Centro is where Jor-El would get the salumi misti .	Centro is where Jor-El would get his salumi misti .	det_poss:the:his	13914
About SimulScribe The arms were outstretched .	About SimulScribe Her arms were outstretched .	det_poss:the:her	13915
pull it down , it will cover the face to an extent .	pull it down , it will cover your face to an extent .	det_poss:the:your	13916
The execution score of 9.475 was the highest on that event .	Her execution score of 9.475 was the highest on that event .	det_poss:the:her	13917
Police have not released the name or other information about him .	Police have not released his name or other information about him .	det_poss:the:his	13918
Nobody in the community or family was hurt .	Nobody in her community or family was hurt .	det_poss:the:her	13919
The friend Vinod fled for his life .	His friend Vinod fled for his life .	det_poss:the:his	13920
Calls the cellphone .	Calls his cellphone .	det_poss:the:his	13921
Mr. Piano had the hair in a ponytail .	Mr. Piano had his hair in a ponytail .	det_poss:the:his	13922
If convicted , Jeffs could spend the rest of the life in prison .	If convicted , Jeffs could spend the rest of his life in prison .	det_poss:the:his	13923
I liked how we came out with the intensity defensively .	I liked how we came out with our intensity defensively .	det_poss:the:our	13924
Were you able to resolve the sleeping problems ?	Were you able to resolve your sleeping problems ?	det_poss:the:your	13925
The look matched her name .	Her look matched her name .	det_poss:the:her	13926
Ask the lawyer about the probate process .	Ask your lawyer about the probate process .	det_poss:the:your	13927
Any success by Saddam presupposes loyalty by a substantial proportion of the soldiers .	Any success by Saddam presupposes loyalty by a substantial proportion of his soldiers .	det_poss:the:his	13928
Making the most of the opportunities was Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger .	Making the most of his opportunities was Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger .	det_poss:the:his	13929
How do you replace somebody like that with the budget ?	How do you replace somebody like that with our budget ?	det_poss:the:our	13930
We hope more states will follow the lead .	We hope more states will follow our lead .	det_poss:the:our	13931
All the friends will miss him greatly .	All his friends will miss him greatly .	det_poss:the:his	13932
They admire the dedication and reluctance to lay blame .	They admire his dedication and reluctance to lay blame .	det_poss:the:his	13933
The appeal on that conviction was rejected .	His appeal on that conviction was rejected .	det_poss:the:his	13934
The teen may snarl at your country collection .	Your teen may snarl at your country collection .	det_poss:the:your	13935
Beat the chest , then let out a howl .	Beat your chest , then let out a howl .	det_poss:the:your	13936
Dude , where is the luggage ?	Dude , where is my luggage ?	det_poss:the:my	13937
Message boards and Web sites debate the virtues .	Message boards and Web sites debate his virtues .	det_poss:the:his	13938
" I want them off the property , " he insisted .	" I want them off my property , " he insisted .	det_poss:the:my	13939
Heck , Buges was in the 40s when he gambled on Joe Jacoby .	Heck , Buges was in his 40s when he gambled on Joe Jacoby .	det_poss:the:his	13940
That theme will be prominent in the Guildhall oration .	That theme will be prominent in his Guildhall oration .	det_poss:the:his	13941
I am just recommending that you keep the reality check meter on high .	I am just recommending that you keep your reality check meter on high .	det_poss:the:your	13942
The brain has been addled from self-abuse .	Your brain has been addled from self-abuse .	det_poss:the:your	13943
Mussina also kept the composure when faced with a questionable call .	Mussina also kept his composure when faced with a questionable call .	det_poss:the:his	13944
He figured a third of the crop was gone .	He figured a third of his crop was gone .	det_poss:the:his	13945
He is expected announce the withdrawal in Topeka , Kan .	He is expected announce his withdrawal in Topeka , Kan .	det_poss:the:his	13946
The team has scored four runs in three games .	His team has scored four runs in three games .	det_poss:the:his	13947
Izquierdo denied that and professed the love for her .	Izquierdo denied that and professed his love for her .	det_poss:the:his	13948
Education officials had initially said the application would be considered .	Education officials had initially said her application would be considered .	det_poss:the:her	13949
This natural partnership is behind the Eco Machines .	This natural partnership is behind his Eco Machines .	det_poss:the:his	13950
Mr. Weiss did not return a telephone call yesterday to the office .	Mr. Weiss did not return a telephone call yesterday to his office .	det_poss:the:his	13951
You 've never had a real job in the life .	You 've never had a real job in your life .	det_poss:the:your	13952
He has earned the respect of the employees and customers .	He has earned the respect of our employees and customers .	det_poss:the:our	13953
What is the name ?	What is his name ?	det_poss:the:his	13954
TUCHMAN : Maybe the story could help the welfare of another child ?	TUCHMAN : Maybe your story could help the welfare of another child ?	det_poss:the:your	13955
The tax basis in the home was $ 260,000 .	Your tax basis in the home was $ 260,000 .	det_poss:the:your	13956
, who was still sitting in the car seat .	, who was still sitting in his car seat .	det_poss:the:his	13957
And if confronted , she will retreat behind the diagnoses .	And if confronted , she will retreat behind her diagnoses .	det_poss:the:her	13958
WOMAM VETERAN # 2 : I was the only girl in the class .	WOMAM VETERAN # 2 : I was the only girl in my class .	det_poss:the:my	13959
The drug network grew and soon came to dominate the Burmese heroin trade .	His drug network grew and soon came to dominate the Burmese heroin trade .	det_poss:the:his	13960
Poor Eliza is not even on the radar .	Poor Eliza is not even on his radar .	det_poss:the:his	13961
She acknowledged the identity to authorities and was forthcoming , Judd said .	She acknowledged her identity to authorities and was forthcoming , Judd said .	det_poss:the:her	13962
He is chasing at 23 what the mentor sought at 31 .	He is chasing at 23 what his mentor sought at 31 .	det_poss:the:his	13963
ANOTHER Scottish plc to disappear from the screens ?	ANOTHER Scottish plc to disappear from our screens ?	det_poss:the:our	13964
But the team , Morais said would not be intimidated .	But his team , Morais said would not be intimidated .	det_poss:the:his	13965
He really supports the actors .	He really supports his actors .	det_poss:the:his	13966
As the years passed , however , the image suffered in some quarters .	As the years passed , however , his image suffered in some quarters .	det_poss:the:his	13967
The funeral was held Tuesday in Spencer , Oklahoma .	Her funeral was held Tuesday in Spencer , Oklahoma .	det_poss:the:her	13968
If you cannot change it , change the attitude .	If you cannot change it , change your attitude .	det_poss:the:your	13969
So he stuck the snake in the mouth .	So he stuck the snake in his mouth .	det_poss:the:his	13970
What is the call - Moon first , or Mars first ?	What is your call - Moon first , or Mars first ?	det_poss:the:your	13971
Sadly , it does not do much to advance the cause .	Sadly , it does not do much to advance his cause .	det_poss:the:his	13972
Mom was staring at the ceiling , the eyes performing round-the-worlds continuously .	Mom was staring at the ceiling , her eyes performing round-the-worlds continuously .	det_poss:the:her	13973
He made the debut in 1987 with the Boston Bruins .	He made his debut in 1987 with the Boston Bruins .	det_poss:the:his	13974
Jacobson knows when not to argue with the boss .	Jacobson knows when not to argue with his boss .	det_poss:the:his	13975
This is not the sort of material divas of the ilk usually tackle .	This is not the sort of material divas of her ilk usually tackle .	det_poss:the:her	13976
Don 't take the moms and dads away .	Don 't take our moms and dads away .	det_poss:the:our	13977
Speaking of choke , that is the cue , A-Rod !	Speaking of choke , that is your cue , A-Rod !	det_poss:the:your	13978
Sullivan received customer complaints regarding the perfume .	Sullivan received customer complaints regarding her perfume .	det_poss:the:her	13979
His wife told police it made the head hurt .	His wife told police it made her head hurt .	det_poss:the:her	13980
In the Polish parliament the speaker crosses himself before taking the seat .	In the Polish parliament the speaker crosses himself before taking his seat .	det_poss:the:his	13981
He was immediately criticized for not apologizing or fully explaining the decision .	He was immediately criticized for not apologizing or fully explaining his decision .	det_poss:the:his	13982
Dozens of paramilitary troops surrounded the house .	Dozens of paramilitary troops surrounded her house .	det_poss:the:her	13983
Graciously , he concurs with the translations .	Graciously , he concurs with my translations .	det_poss:the:my	13984
What are some of the thoughts ahead of the game ?	What are some of your thoughts ahead of the game ?	det_poss:the:your	13985
Torre took along Don Mattingly and Larry Bowa from the Yankees coaching staff .	Torre took along Don Mattingly and Larry Bowa from his Yankees coaching staff .	det_poss:the:his	13986
A tour guide approaches him and starts talking into the loud-hailer .	A tour guide approaches him and starts talking into her loud-hailer .	det_poss:the:her	13987
You 're the most popular preacher on T.V. The books are best-sellers .	You 're the most popular preacher on T.V. Your books are best-sellers .	det_poss:the:your	13988
And the son 's health has improved .	And his son 's health has improved .	det_poss:the:his	13989
Mr. Zhou will continue the service to New Oriental as Executive Vice President .	Mr. Zhou will continue his service to New Oriental as Executive Vice President .	det_poss:the:his	13990
She plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalah devotees during the stay .	She plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalah devotees during her stay .	det_poss:the:her	13991
However , these differences are a pretty small part of the genome .	However , these differences are a pretty small part of our genome .	det_poss:the:our	13992
She wanted a 1940s theme and to hold the party in the home .	She wanted a 1940s theme and to hold the party in her home .	det_poss:the:her	13993
The teams eventually traced the contamination to around 40 separate premises .	Our teams eventually traced the contamination to around 40 separate premises .	det_poss:the:our	13994
University The stuffing is better than the oysters and cornbread !	University Your stuffing is better than the oysters and cornbread !	det_poss:the:your	13995
I shan 't stand in the way any more .	I shan 't stand in her way any more .	det_poss:the:her	13996
Miss Kercher was found with the throat cut in Perugia on 2 November .	Miss Kercher was found with her throat cut in Perugia on 2 November .	det_poss:the:her	13997
The fact is , Basil McFawlty still hovers in the hearts .	The fact is , Basil McFawlty still hovers in our hearts .	det_poss:the:our	13998
It was entirely the choice .	It was entirely his choice .	det_poss:the:his	13999
" " You need to preserve the trust and reputation of the organization .	" " You need to preserve the trust and reputation of your organization .	det_poss:the:your	14000
" The best shot of the career , " Ochoa said .	" The best shot of my career , " Ochoa said .	det_poss:the:my	14001
The players take the same approach .	His players take the same approach .	det_poss:the:his	14002
He plans two minutes of silence at Harrods , the department store .	He plans two minutes of silence at Harrods , his department store .	det_poss:the:his	14003
Ramos is head coach and Damien 's the boss .	Ramos is head coach and Damien 's his boss .	det_poss:the:his	14004
Cohen insisted upon the formalities of the office .	Cohen insisted upon the formalities of his office .	det_poss:the:his	14005
Mark the calendars .	Mark your calendars .	det_poss:the:your	14006
She shakes the head .	She shakes her head .	det_poss:the:her	14007
I was a pitcher back in the Little League days .	I was a pitcher back in my Little League days .	det_poss:the:my	14008
West led the spade three .	West led his spade three .	det_poss:the:his	14009
He acknowledged the rustling about the children .	He acknowledged the rustling about his children .	det_poss:the:his	14010
Beckett himself was losing the sight as he worked on it .	Beckett himself was losing his sight as he worked on it .	det_poss:the:his	14011
Others left anonymous notes on the desk .	Others left anonymous notes on her desk .	det_poss:the:her	14012
Now , that is an entirely new rationale for the operations there .	Now , that is an entirely new rationale for our operations there .	det_poss:the:our	14013
He was wounded in battle and limped for the rest of the life .	He was wounded in battle and limped for the rest of his life .	det_poss:the:his	14014
The execution was an act of Nazi revenge .	His execution was an act of Nazi revenge .	det_poss:the:his	14015
Gordon Brown says he still wants to set out the vision for Britain .	Gordon Brown says he still wants to set out his vision for Britain .	det_poss:the:his	14016
But Sanderson will have to put the retirement plans on hold .	But Sanderson will have to put his retirement plans on hold .	det_poss:the:his	14017
I have not seen the children for ages .	I have not seen my children for ages .	det_poss:the:my	14018
Segui said last year that the name was in the affidavit .	Segui said last year that his name was in the affidavit .	det_poss:the:his	14019
Coughlin and the players presented a unified front .	Coughlin and his players presented a unified front .	det_poss:the:his	14020
Which one of the friends or enemies put you up to this ?	Which one of my friends or enemies put you up to this ?	det_poss:the:my	14021
They see the urgency as a sign of arrogance .	They see his urgency as a sign of arrogance .	det_poss:the:his	14022
I took the time , making believe I could not open the drawer .	I took my time , making believe I could not open the drawer .	det_poss:the:my	14023
Michaels reached a settlement with Bush and the family last April .	Michaels reached a settlement with Bush and his family last April .	det_poss:the:his	14024
" I totally agree with the remark , " Kim replied .	" I totally agree with your remark , " Kim replied .	det_poss:the:your	14025
He is the idol and he is the best player in the world .	He is my idol and he is the best player in the world .	det_poss:the:my	14026
I saved the life !	I saved your life !	det_poss:the:your	14027
Private 's booty Clearly , the quest is not going well .	Private 's booty Clearly , my quest is not going well .	det_poss:the:my	14028
On the way through the zoo we passed a white-cheeked gibbon called Jimmy .	On our way through the zoo we passed a white-cheeked gibbon called Jimmy .	det_poss:the:our	14029
Mrs McCabe last saw the daughter on Sunday , 10 February , 1980 .	Mrs McCabe last saw her daughter on Sunday , 10 February , 1980 .	det_poss:the:her	14030
The release in Atlanta came as a surprise .	His release in Atlanta came as a surprise .	det_poss:the:his	14031
" and Radar asked , " Is the baby gay ?	" and Radar asked , " Is your baby gay ?	det_poss:the:your	14032
The vehicle rolled over in Taqaddum , west of Baghdad .	His vehicle rolled over in Taqaddum , west of Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	14033
Set the alarm two minutes earlier than usual .	Set your alarm two minutes earlier than usual .	det_poss:the:your	14034
Noah duly corrected the list .	Noah duly corrected his list .	det_poss:the:his	14035
And I came out here and I found the family here .	And I came out here and I found my family here .	det_poss:the:my	14036
New York My son loved the Hot Wheels .	New York My son loved his Hot Wheels .	det_poss:the:his	14037
Lester used that eagerness in the favor , often fooling them with sliders .	Lester used that eagerness in his favor , often fooling them with sliders .	det_poss:the:his	14038
You do not want fans shouting at the girlfriend .	You do not want fans shouting at your girlfriend .	det_poss:the:your	14039
Democrats believe winning means solving the nation 's problems .	Democrats believe winning means solving our nation 's problems .	det_poss:the:our	14040
We do not get that time alone with the partners .	We do not get that time alone with our partners .	det_poss:the:our	14041
" " But when I consider the plight , I just clean them .	" " But when I consider my plight , I just clean them .	det_poss:the:my	14042
Colorado avalanche threat strands 2,000 Get the children involved in capturing travel memories .	Colorado avalanche threat strands 2,000 Get your children involved in capturing travel memories .	det_poss:the:your	14043
The flowers will be red roses , the movie 's signature bloom .	Her flowers will be red roses , the movie 's signature bloom .	det_poss:the:her	14044
And she wanted him to trim the stitches in the mouth .	And she wanted him to trim the stitches in her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	14045
The initiatives survive in recognisable form to this day .	His initiatives survive in recognisable form to this day .	det_poss:the:his	14046
The stint on the show also reignited a love she had forgotten about .	Her stint on the show also reignited a love she had forgotten about .	det_poss:the:her	14047
The competition is not with anybody else , it is with yourself .	Your competition is not with anybody else , it is with yourself .	det_poss:the:your	14048
He served in the Navy in World War II , the son said .	He served in the Navy in World War II , his son said .	det_poss:the:his	14049
Scotland defender did not look out of place with ball at the feet .	Scotland defender did not look out of place with ball at his feet .	det_poss:the:his	14050
With that , Ellis turned the back to reporters .	With that , Ellis turned his back to reporters .	det_poss:the:his	14051
The representatives visit 2,600 independent bookshops in Germany , three times every year .	Her representatives visit 2,600 independent bookshops in Germany , three times every year .	det_poss:the:her	14052
A year ago I was myself on the side , but anymore .	A year ago I was myself on his side , but anymore .	det_poss:the:his	14053
Both wheels on the side of the car were pulled off .	Both wheels on my side of the car were pulled off .	det_poss:the:my	14054
Did Beethoven die by the doctor 's hands ?	Did Beethoven die by his doctor 's hands ?	det_poss:the:his	14055
He does not believe the four-day layoff will cool off the team .	He does not believe the four-day layoff will cool off his team .	det_poss:the:his	14056
COURTS : Golfer Greg Norman and the ex-wife settled a contentious divorce .	COURTS : Golfer Greg Norman and his ex-wife settled a contentious divorce .	det_poss:the:his	14057
All the other major candidates have gained at the expense .	All the other major candidates have gained at his expense .	det_poss:the:his	14058
I am not going to crate the dog ?	I am not going to crate my dog ?	det_poss:the:my	14059
" Ask , ' What is the goal ?	" Ask , ' What is your goal ?	det_poss:the:your	14060
The death was announced by the government of the island of Mallorca .	His death was announced by the government of the island of Mallorca .	det_poss:the:his	14061
The only thing is that the hotel has to have wireless .	The only thing is that my hotel has to have wireless .	det_poss:the:my	14062
Release the tax dollars so the scientists can do their work .	Release our tax dollars so the scientists can do their work .	det_poss:the:our	14063
'Mosaic of land' Mr Zuma , meanwhile , has stepped up the campaign .	'Mosaic of land' Mr Zuma , meanwhile , has stepped up his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	14064
The Government is at its best in a crisis .	His Government is at its best in a crisis .	det_poss:the:his	14065
I read the sports section every day of the life .	I read the sports section every day of my life .	det_poss:the:my	14066
All the competitors were there , too .	All his competitors were there , too .	det_poss:the:his	14067
Williams : Senator Obama , why are you nodding the head ?	Williams : Senator Obama , why are you nodding your head ?	det_poss:the:your	14068
But otherwise I might have struggled to find Hounslow barracks on the map .	But otherwise I might have struggled to find Hounslow barracks on my map .	det_poss:the:my	14069
No one met the price .	No one met his price .	det_poss:the:his	14070
Was that somewhat tactical , offering the resignation at the same time ?	Was that somewhat tactical , offering your resignation at the same time ?	det_poss:the:your	14071
The reaction was , why does not the guy read newspapers ?	My reaction was , why does not the guy read newspapers ?	det_poss:the:my	14072
Love the family !	Love your family !	det_poss:the:your	14073
Remaining in the car , Haskel called out to the youth .	Remaining in his car , Haskel called out to the youth .	det_poss:the:his	14074
We 'll miss the police car .	We 'll miss our police car .	det_poss:the:our	14075
The rest of the money will follow after the death .	The rest of the money will follow after his death .	det_poss:the:his	14076
Dutt is appealing the sentence in the Supreme court .	Dutt is appealing his sentence in the Supreme court .	det_poss:the:his	14077
The politics are actually quite moderate .	My politics are actually quite moderate .	det_poss:the:my	14078
Lewis takes a deep breath , folds the arms and looks away .	Lewis takes a deep breath , folds her arms and looks away .	det_poss:the:her	14079
He looked relatively good , although the face is scarred by the burns .	He looked relatively good , although his face is scarred by the burns .	det_poss:the:his	14080
He was interested in the family stories the grandma had told him .	He was interested in the family stories his grandma had told him .	det_poss:the:his	14081
He said he should have made the misgivings known sooner .	He said he should have made his misgivings known sooner .	det_poss:the:his	14082
I am sure he broke some of the ribs .	I am sure he broke some of my ribs .	det_poss:the:my	14083
Or did she answer the question in the most literal way possible ?	Or did she answer my question in the most literal way possible ?	det_poss:the:my	14084
Pitts and the men got back into their Humvees and rumbled away .	Pitts and his men got back into their Humvees and rumbled away .	det_poss:the:his	14085
One man actually mortgaged the home and contributed more than $ 100,000 .	One man actually mortgaged his home and contributed more than $ 100,000 .	det_poss:the:his	14086
" " And the guess is they will be all of those .	" " And my guess is they will be all of those .	det_poss:the:my	14087
Get the max intake .	Get your max intake .	det_poss:the:your	14088
She was pleased to finally get the game going .	She was pleased to finally get her game going .	det_poss:the:her	14089
" That is supposed to be the son , " Ms. Owens replies .	" That is supposed to be my son , " Ms. Owens replies .	det_poss:the:my	14090
Can you see the cars becoming robots ?	Can you see our cars becoming robots ?	det_poss:the:our	14091
Look for ways to add walking into the routine .	Look for ways to add walking into your routine .	det_poss:the:your	14092
The lawyers are pursuing an insanity defense .	Her lawyers are pursuing an insanity defense .	det_poss:the:her	14093
Mayor Michael Bloomberg released a statement condemning the killing and expressing the sorrow .	Mayor Michael Bloomberg released a statement condemning the killing and expressing his sorrow .	det_poss:the:his	14094
This is the guy on which you hang the season ?	This is the guy on which you hang your season ?	det_poss:the:your	14095
Mr. Russert weaved Mr. Clinton into several of the questions .	Mr. Russert weaved Mr. Clinton into several of his questions .	det_poss:the:his	14096
Click here to see how the senators voted .	Click here to see how your senators voted .	det_poss:the:your	14097
A spokesman for Mr Khan said that he was concerned at the plight .	A spokesman for Mr Khan said that he was concerned at his plight .	det_poss:the:his	14098
He keeps the focus every day , day in and day out .	He keeps his focus every day , day in and day out .	det_poss:the:his	14099
There are several ways to live the lux life without bankrupting the wallet .	There are several ways to live the lux life without bankrupting your wallet .	det_poss:the:your	14100
" Someone could have taken the daughter , " the woman wrote .	" Someone could have taken my daughter , " the woman wrote .	det_poss:the:my	14101
Cintron went to the apartment and pulled the daughters from the bathtub .	Cintron went to the apartment and pulled his daughters from the bathtub .	det_poss:the:his	14102
Police said the blood alcohol level was .09 .	Police said her blood alcohol level was .09 .	det_poss:the:her	14103
Q : What would be the dream project ?	Q : What would be your dream project ?	det_poss:the:your	14104
Harold Anderson also broke the wrist unloading an all-terrain vehicle from the trailer .	Harold Anderson also broke his wrist unloading an all-terrain vehicle from the trailer .	det_poss:the:his	14105
Fewer customers are coming to the Woodbridge and Manassas offices .	Fewer customers are coming to his Woodbridge and Manassas offices .	det_poss:the:his	14106
, and related articles She and the party denied the allegation .	, and related articles She and her party denied the allegation .	det_poss:the:her	14107
FOR once , Liz Taylor has met the match .	FOR once , Liz Taylor has met her match .	det_poss:the:her	14108
These are great Americans coming out to help get the soldiers prepared .	These are great Americans coming out to help get our soldiers prepared .	det_poss:the:our	14109
But the television duties kept him from attending many road games .	But his television duties kept him from attending many road games .	det_poss:the:his	14110
The search for vulnerabilities or doubt reveals only a cold , unwavering self-discipline .	His search for vulnerabilities or doubt reveals only a cold , unwavering self-discipline .	det_poss:the:his	14111
Respect the teen 's privacy but appreciate that privacy can be perilous .	Respect your teen 's privacy but appreciate that privacy can be perilous .	det_poss:the:your	14112
In the book you say music might be an evolutionary asset .	In your book you say music might be an evolutionary asset .	det_poss:the:your	14113
The decision represented an inexplicable lapse in judgment and was inexcusable .	Her decision represented an inexplicable lapse in judgment and was inexcusable .	det_poss:the:her	14114
If it is one game , I 'll have the cleats on .	If it is one game , I 'll have my cleats on .	det_poss:the:my	14115
He certainly makes plays with the feet .	He certainly makes plays with his feet .	det_poss:the:his	14116
He was a team member in 2002 , but missed the antelope .	He was a team member in 2002 , but missed his antelope .	det_poss:the:his	14117
The suit costs $ 2,295 .	My suit costs $ 2,295 .	det_poss:the:my	14118
Calzaghe unified the super middleweight division with the victory over Kessler .	Calzaghe unified the super middleweight division with his victory over Kessler .	det_poss:the:his	14119
President Bush , who is at the ranch in Crawford , Tex .	President Bush , who is at his ranch in Crawford , Tex .	det_poss:the:his	14120
Collins had maintained the innocence .	Collins had maintained his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	14121
She and the colleagues report the findings in the medical journal Thorax .	She and her colleagues report the findings in the medical journal Thorax .	det_poss:the:her	14122
The colleague translates the question .	My colleague translates the question .	det_poss:the:my	14123
That is the guess .	That is my guess .	det_poss:the:my	14124
We need to keep hold of the talent .	We need to keep hold of our talent .	det_poss:the:our	14125
" The eyes are full of tears , " Don Davis said .	" My eyes are full of tears , " Don Davis said .	det_poss:the:my	14126
Make sure the kids measure up .	Make sure your kids measure up .	det_poss:the:your	14127
The peer is quizzed again about the comments .	The peer is quizzed again about his comments .	det_poss:the:his	14128
Unlike some great collectors , she did not send the holdings to auction .	Unlike some great collectors , she did not send her holdings to auction .	det_poss:the:her	14129
Mr. Scharf declined to comment on the record on behalf of the client .	Mr. Scharf declined to comment on the record on behalf of his client .	det_poss:the:his	14130
No , he has history on the side .	No , he has history on his side .	det_poss:the:his	14131
The campaign issued a statement after he gave an interview to CNN .	His campaign issued a statement after he gave an interview to CNN .	det_poss:the:his	14132
Someone even edited the Wikipedia entry to that effect .	Someone even edited his Wikipedia entry to that effect .	det_poss:the:his	14133
The Capitals counterpart , Olie Kolzig , made 23 saves .	His Capitals counterpart , Olie Kolzig , made 23 saves .	det_poss:the:his	14134
Altman was hedging the bets .	Altman was hedging his bets .	det_poss:the:his	14135
He also said he was not told about the right to appeal .	He also said he was not told about his right to appeal .	det_poss:the:his	14136
We know what we have done wrong and what the problems have been .	We know what we have done wrong and what our problems have been .	det_poss:the:our	14137
His second book will be about the aftermath of the downfall .	His second book will be about the aftermath of his downfall .	det_poss:the:his	14138
Mr. Fuentes asked the supporters for help .	Mr. Fuentes asked his supporters for help .	det_poss:the:his	14139
And we need the help specifically .	And we need your help specifically .	det_poss:the:your	14140
The murder was an execution .	His murder was an execution .	det_poss:the:his	14141
" We had the exchange of words , " Owens said .	" We had our exchange of words , " Owens said .	det_poss:the:our	14142
Cleveland coach Mike Brown also was unhappy with the team 's play .	Cleveland coach Mike Brown also was unhappy with his team 's play .	det_poss:the:his	14143
Stillman made the season debut after missing three games following a car accident .	Stillman made his season debut after missing three games following a car accident .	det_poss:the:his	14144
Even before Petraeus began the testimony , tensions were high .	Even before Petraeus began his testimony , tensions were high .	det_poss:the:his	14145
I knew I could take the shoes off and walk in the grass .	I knew I could take my shoes off and walk in the grass .	det_poss:the:my	14146
He defended the government 's refusal to withdraw subsidies .	He defended his government 's refusal to withdraw subsidies .	det_poss:the:his	14147
We continue to identify other professionals with specific skills to strengthen the team .	We continue to identify other professionals with specific skills to strengthen our team .	det_poss:the:our	14148
The 26-year-old right-hander responded by tipping the cap .	The 26-year-old right-hander responded by tipping his cap .	det_poss:the:his	14149
The journey is to get to the playoffs .	Our journey is to get to the playoffs .	det_poss:the:our	14150
Victory would be a gift we would like to offer the fans .	Victory would be a gift we would like to offer our fans .	det_poss:the:our	14151
There was warning in the voice .	There was warning in his voice .	det_poss:the:his	14152
Jax stayed in Idaho with the grandparents .	Jax stayed in Idaho with his grandparents .	det_poss:the:his	14153
Another coup against Sicily 's Cosa Nostra What happened to all the townspeople ?	Another coup against Sicily 's Cosa Nostra What happened to all my townspeople ?	det_poss:the:my	14154
The head was found Saturday in Dearborn Heights .	His head was found Saturday in Dearborn Heights .	det_poss:the:his	14155
Bottom of the Eighth Two Dunblane massacres a day in the country .	Bottom of the Eighth Two Dunblane massacres a day in our country .	det_poss:the:our	14156
- to propel the surge to a three-shot lead .	- to propel his surge to a three-shot lead .	det_poss:the:his	14157
Mandela has spoken to crowds in the square since the release from prison .	Mandela has spoken to crowds in the square since his release from prison .	det_poss:the:his	14158
Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of the liquidity .	Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity .	det_poss:the:our	14159
" " The belief has been reduced .	" " My belief has been reduced .	det_poss:the:my	14160
" O.J. was screaming , ' This is all the s--- .	" O.J. was screaming , ' This is all my s--- .	det_poss:the:my	14161
Those were the girls .	Those were our girls .	det_poss:the:our	14162
Osbourne declined to comment further through the publicist .	Osbourne declined to comment further through his publicist .	det_poss:the:his	14163
" The goal is to get into the playoffs , " Manning said .	" Our goal is to get into the playoffs , " Manning said .	det_poss:the:our	14164
The cause was cancer , the son , Joshua , said .	The cause was cancer , her son , Joshua , said .	det_poss:the:her	14165
For the overhaul Mr. Horejs brought in the compatriot Pavel Dobrusky as co-director .	For the overhaul Mr. Horejs brought in his compatriot Pavel Dobrusky as co-director .	det_poss:the:his	14166
One appeared to be in the 20s with curly hair and hazel eyes .	One appeared to be in his 20s with curly hair and hazel eyes .	det_poss:the:his	14167
He did - on the iPod as he commutes .	He did - on his iPod as he commutes .	det_poss:the:his	14168
You have the answer already , somewhere .	You have your answer already , somewhere .	det_poss:the:your	14169
And the advice put Mr. Corzine into a tight spot at least once .	And her advice put Mr. Corzine into a tight spot at least once .	det_poss:the:her	14170
Miliband 's duties were being carried out by junior ministers in the absence .	Miliband 's duties were being carried out by junior ministers in his absence .	det_poss:the:his	14171
Using an online pension tool might help you to identify the options .	Using an online pension tool might help you to identify your options .	det_poss:the:your	14172
Both deny involvement in the murder .	Both deny involvement in her murder .	det_poss:the:her	14173
It is there in the back of the mind .	It is there in the back of your mind .	det_poss:the:your	14174
Loughlin squeezed the railing with both hands and closed the eyes .	Loughlin squeezed the railing with both hands and closed her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	14175
" " The rumors of the demise are greatly exaggerated .	" " The rumors of my demise are greatly exaggerated .	det_poss:the:my	14176
There is little disputing the record of success for the techniques .	There is little disputing the record of success for his techniques .	det_poss:the:his	14177
Video clips of the arrest became an Internet sensation .	Video clips of his arrest became an Internet sensation .	det_poss:the:his	14178
The problem is , I now have a burning hatred for this guy .	My problem is , I now have a burning hatred for this guy .	det_poss:the:my	14179
I know the great moment of the career will come .	I know the great moment of my career will come .	det_poss:the:my	14180
They instead laud Giuliani for the leadership and resolve during the crisis .	They instead laud Giuliani for his leadership and resolve during the crisis .	det_poss:the:his	14181
Did the grandmother prepare a power of attorney ?	Did your grandmother prepare a power of attorney ?	det_poss:the:your	14182
The relationship would set the course for the rest of the life .	The relationship would set the course for the rest of his life .	det_poss:the:his	14183
" The appetite was pretty wet already , " Mr. Benson said .	" My appetite was pretty wet already , " Mr. Benson said .	det_poss:the:my	14184
" We are confident about the future , " Zhou said .	" We are confident about our future , " Zhou said .	det_poss:the:our	14185
She looked out the window to the tree .	She looked out her window to the tree .	det_poss:the:her	14186
The research skills are worthy of a truffle hound .	His research skills are worthy of a truffle hound .	det_poss:the:his	14187
Mr Hu and the colleagues will ordain the outcome .	Mr Hu and his colleagues will ordain the outcome .	det_poss:the:his	14188
Now , you do not need to do all the computing online .	Now , you do not need to do all your computing online .	det_poss:the:your	14189
Thaci casts the vote ob Saturday .	Thaci casts his vote ob Saturday .	det_poss:the:his	14190
He was a credit to the family .	He was a credit to his family .	det_poss:the:his	14191
He snapped the fingers and barked orders alternately in English and French .	He snapped his fingers and barked orders alternately in English and French .	det_poss:the:his	14192
Patrushev said that the agency had learned how to counter British intelligence .	Patrushev said that his agency had learned how to counter British intelligence .	det_poss:the:his	14193
It is the intention to do it .	It is our intention to do it .	det_poss:the:our	14194
Davis died at the home in Gloucester , Virginia .	Davis died at her home in Gloucester , Virginia .	det_poss:the:her	14195
You do not want the son to end up like mine did .	You do not want your son to end up like mine did .	det_poss:the:your	14196
I use the commentary like a patch .	I use your commentary like a patch .	det_poss:the:your	14197
I thought the power play showed quick puck movement .	I thought our power play showed quick puck movement .	det_poss:the:our	14198
He is married to the aunt and I know this man very well .	He is married to my aunt and I know this man very well .	det_poss:the:my	14199
" I thought you were the friends " Simpson screamed at Beardsley .	" I thought you were my friends " Simpson screamed at Beardsley .	det_poss:the:my	14200
Tell the pal he is just got me the sack .	Tell your pal he is just got me the sack .	det_poss:the:your	14201
The young Dalai Lama fled the homeland following a failed uprising in 1959 .	The young Dalai Lama fled his homeland following a failed uprising in 1959 .	det_poss:the:his	14202
Was Haskel trigger-quick or just doing the job ?	Was Haskel trigger-quick or just doing his job ?	det_poss:the:his	14203
Slow down the book-writing until we have had time to catch up .	Slow down your book-writing until we have had time to catch up .	det_poss:the:your	14204
He diligently did the homework before signing with Colorado last December .	He diligently did his homework before signing with Colorado last December .	det_poss:the:his	14205
Who will raise the children if we are dead or wounded ?	Who will raise our children if we are dead or wounded ?	det_poss:the:our	14206
She is the heart .	She is our heart .	det_poss:the:our	14207
Has that not tainted the view of Yugoslavia 's strong man ?	Has that not tainted his view of Yugoslavia 's strong man ?	det_poss:the:his	14208
The ability to fund your lifestyle is totally dependant on your resource .	Your ability to fund your lifestyle is totally dependant on your resource .	det_poss:the:your	14209
Thou shalt not hear , thou shalt behold , the reply .	Thou shalt not hear , thou shalt behold , my reply .	det_poss:the:my	14210
He was already feeling the impact on the business of the latest unrest .	He was already feeling the impact on his business of the latest unrest .	det_poss:the:his	14211
Comedian Stephen Colbert has dropped the bid for the White House .	Comedian Stephen Colbert has dropped his bid for the White House .	det_poss:the:his	14212
In June she was told that the contract would be terminated .	In June she was told that her contract would be terminated .	det_poss:the:her	14213
Ms. Perez sipped the mojito and pronounced it perfect .	Ms. Perez sipped her mojito and pronounced it perfect .	det_poss:the:her	14214
The friend , Jennifer Yanow , also planned to disregard the rule .	Her friend , Jennifer Yanow , also planned to disregard the rule .	det_poss:the:her	14215
The cause was intestinal cancer , said the publisher , Albrecht Knaus Verlag .	The cause was intestinal cancer , said his publisher , Albrecht Knaus Verlag .	det_poss:the:his	14216
'We are truly committed to the objective of maximizing Shareholder value .	'We are truly committed to our objective of maximizing Shareholder value .	det_poss:the:our	14217
An entrepreneur in Toronto used them to build the Web site .	An entrepreneur in Toronto used them to build his Web site .	det_poss:the:his	14218
The children are dying !	Our children are dying !	det_poss:the:our	14219
That moderate 20 percent usage should add points to the score .	That moderate 20 percent usage should add points to your score .	det_poss:the:your	14220
OK , last week was good for the portfolio .	OK , last week was good for my portfolio .	det_poss:the:my	14221
Wicker serves on the House Appropriations Committee , according to the Web site .	Wicker serves on the House Appropriations Committee , according to his Web site .	det_poss:the:his	14222
We all have to get the house in order .	We all have to get our house in order .	det_poss:the:our	14223
They agreed with the results .	They agreed with my results .	det_poss:the:my	14224
Cancer experts say that the dream could become a reality .	Cancer experts say that her dream could become a reality .	det_poss:the:her	14225
They were lying all the time - the garden-variety neurotics .	They were lying all the time - your garden-variety neurotics .	det_poss:the:your	14226
The firm is an affiliate of the banker 's employer , Regions Bank .	The firm is an affiliate of her banker 's employer , Regions Bank .	det_poss:the:her	14227
One of the designs was based on a crack in the pavement .	One of my designs was based on a crack in the pavement .	det_poss:the:my	14228
She did not sell the position , thinking the yen would fall again .	She did not sell her position , thinking the yen would fall again .	det_poss:the:her	14229
The tone was somber .	His tone was somber .	det_poss:the:his	14230
We then momentarily entertained the request to visit Ground Zero .	We then momentarily entertained his request to visit Ground Zero .	det_poss:the:his	14231
Mike Hart backed up the guarantee in a big way .	Mike Hart backed up his guarantee in a big way .	det_poss:the:his	14232
The comments are welcome .	Your comments are welcome .	det_poss:the:your	14233
And like Owens , the hands can be inconsistent .	And like Owens , his hands can be inconsistent .	det_poss:the:his	14234
I have never had to worry about who the friends are .	I have never had to worry about who my friends are .	det_poss:the:my	14235
The departure was abrupt .	His departure was abrupt .	det_poss:the:his	14236
The notion must have sounded preposterous to the colleagues .	The notion must have sounded preposterous to his colleagues .	det_poss:the:his	14237
With neither side vulnerable , the partner deals and opens three spades .	With neither side vulnerable , your partner deals and opens three spades .	det_poss:the:your	14238
She hears the voice and comes running from the living room .	She hears my voice and comes running from the living room .	det_poss:the:my	14239
This held the attention because they were heroes from Wales .	This held my attention because they were heroes from Wales .	det_poss:the:my	14240
Actor George Clooney was in a motorcycle accident and broke the rib Friday .	Actor George Clooney was in a motorcycle accident and broke his rib Friday .	det_poss:the:his	14241
Ward has missed only three games because of injury in the 10-season career .	Ward has missed only three games because of injury in his 10-season career .	det_poss:the:his	14242
" " We can get more for the money .	" " We can get more for our money .	det_poss:the:our	14243
Mr. James shifted in the seat and gazed at the ceiling .	Mr. James shifted in his seat and gazed at the ceiling .	det_poss:the:his	14244
That review appears to have led to an evolution in the views .	That review appears to have led to an evolution in his views .	det_poss:the:his	14245
We knew we had the work cut out for us .	We knew we had our work cut out for us .	det_poss:the:our	14246
The untrue allegations have struck a terrible blow in the heart .	The untrue allegations have struck a terrible blow in my heart .	det_poss:the:my	14247
A flag is a symbol of the country .	A flag is a symbol of our country .	det_poss:the:our	14248
The book surrounding the controversy was published in 2005 .	Her book surrounding the controversy was published in 2005 .	det_poss:the:her	14249
" The winners could not offset my pukers , " he said .	" My winners could not offset my pukers , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	14250
Well , you know That is what The disciples say .	Well , you know That is what His disciples say .	det_poss:the:his	14251
It was the wish that money was put in trust for our grandchildren .	It was her wish that money was put in trust for our grandchildren .	det_poss:the:her	14252
Q : How will you present religion and God to the son ?	Q : How will you present religion and God to your son ?	det_poss:the:your	14253
As police searched the home , he fled .	As police searched his home , he fled .	det_poss:the:his	14254
What is the one request that sticks most in the mind ?	What is the one request that sticks most in his mind ?	det_poss:the:his	14255
Kaine has also begun outlining the spending priorities .	Kaine has also begun outlining his spending priorities .	det_poss:the:his	14256
25 The total number of goals he scored in the playing career .	25 The total number of goals he scored in his playing career .	det_poss:the:his	14257
" Crisis management is not usually the thing , " she allows .	" Crisis management is not usually my thing , " she allows .	det_poss:the:my	14258
She behaves as though she OWNS the children .	She behaves as though she OWNS our children .	det_poss:the:our	14259
McNabb looked like a different quarterback with these talents at the disposal .	McNabb looked like a different quarterback with these talents at his disposal .	det_poss:the:his	14260
Truscott , now 62 , had long insisted on the innocence .	Truscott , now 62 , had long insisted on his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	14261
I am a slave to the craft , that is why .	I am a slave to my craft , that is why .	det_poss:the:my	14262
" I have got a lot on the mind , " he said .	" I have got a lot on my mind , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	14263
All of the problems would be over , right ?	All of my problems would be over , right ?	det_poss:the:my	14264
Mickelson says the East Lake Country Club course suits the game .	Mickelson says the East Lake Country Club course suits his game .	det_poss:the:his	14265
" I feel pretty good about the progress , " Sorenstam said .	" I feel pretty good about my progress , " Sorenstam said .	det_poss:the:my	14266
One of the knocks against him is the level of the college competition .	One of the knocks against him is the level of his college competition .	det_poss:the:his	14267
Ms. Smedley said the Eurostar train left on time .	Ms. Smedley said her Eurostar train left on time .	det_poss:the:her	14268
Sir Desmond was scathing in the criticism of the emergency services .	Sir Desmond was scathing in his criticism of the emergency services .	det_poss:the:his	14269
O 'Donnell describes the negotiations on the blog .	O 'Donnell describes the negotiations on her blog .	det_poss:the:her	14270
The character in Lions has a mother who needs 24-hour care .	Her character in Lions has a mother who needs 24-hour care .	det_poss:the:her	14271
This month , however , Mr Stelmach finally made the mark .	This month , however , Mr Stelmach finally made his mark .	det_poss:the:his	14272
Know the garden .	Know your garden .	det_poss:the:your	14273
I wanted to find out as much as I could about the past .	I wanted to find out as much as I could about his past .	det_poss:the:his	14274
He picked up the community award from Worthing 's mayor on Thursday .	He picked up his community award from Worthing 's mayor on Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	14275
But we need to continue the job because it will not be easy .	But we need to continue our job because it will not be easy .	det_poss:the:our	14276
The co-star , actor Vincent Cassel , was amazed by the results .	His co-star , actor Vincent Cassel , was amazed by the results .	det_poss:the:his	14277
The eyes and facial expression were clear .	His eyes and facial expression were clear .	det_poss:the:his	14278
You generally feel the need to sift through people who meet the criteria .	You generally feel the need to sift through people who meet your criteria .	det_poss:the:your	14279
Calculator : What is The Risk ?	Calculator : What is Your Risk ?	det_poss:the:your	14280
, said he transferred from Iowa State to be closer to the family .	, said he transferred from Iowa State to be closer to his family .	det_poss:the:his	14281
Christmas Island is the final , rather extreme , suggestion on the list .	Christmas Island is the final , rather extreme , suggestion on my list .	det_poss:the:my	14282
" The situation keeps changing from bad to worse , " he said .	" Her situation keeps changing from bad to worse , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	14283
When I went to Iraq I had a smile on the face .	When I went to Iraq I had a smile on my face .	det_poss:the:my	14284
The release this year sparked a series of protests around Latin America .	His release this year sparked a series of protests around Latin America .	det_poss:the:his	14285
The MLS debut with the team was four days later against D.C. United .	His MLS debut with the team was four days later against D.C. United .	det_poss:the:his	14286
... So the instinct is still to aim for Mars right away .	... So my instinct is still to aim for Mars right away .	det_poss:the:my	14287
The diet goes for a toss .	Your diet goes for a toss .	det_poss:the:your	14288
But he does not think the work is in vain .	But he does not think his work is in vain .	det_poss:the:his	14289
But some of the rivals are not amused .	But some of his rivals are not amused .	det_poss:the:his	14290
" Some Chadian rebels are Arabs , " added the friend Al-Mahadi Bahar .	" Some Chadian rebels are Arabs , " added his friend Al-Mahadi Bahar .	det_poss:the:his	14291
She smiled at the joke , then chuckled .	She smiled at her joke , then chuckled .	det_poss:the:her	14292
The girlfriend broke up with me last night , and then this .	My girlfriend broke up with me last night , and then this .	det_poss:the:my	14293
Saunders and the staff have fulfilled some wild requests .	Saunders and her staff have fulfilled some wild requests .	det_poss:the:her	14294
She nodded into the palm and I went off down the alley .	She nodded into my palm and I went off down the alley .	det_poss:the:my	14295
Tell us the experiences using the form below .	Tell us your experiences using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	14296
She expected the business would soon become a seven-day-a-week operation .	She expected her business would soon become a seven-day-a-week operation .	det_poss:the:her	14297
How do you help the child learn to read ?	How do you help your child learn to read ?	det_poss:the:your	14298
Who 's coming to dinner at the house this Thanksgiving ?	Who 's coming to dinner at your house this Thanksgiving ?	det_poss:the:your	14299
The contract is expected to be for three or four years .	His contract is expected to be for three or four years .	det_poss:the:his	14300
Are you going to slip this thing into the pocket ?	Are you going to slip this thing into your pocket ?	det_poss:the:your	14301
Gundy said he never had any intention of raising the voice .	Gundy said he never had any intention of raising his voice .	det_poss:the:his	14302
It is the country .	It is our country .	det_poss:the:our	14303
This week , allegations arose that he underreported the taxes .	This week , allegations arose that he underreported his taxes .	det_poss:the:his	14304
and change how we approach building the products .	and change how we approach building our products .	det_poss:the:our	14305
I love the clothes and have amassed quite a few over the years .	I love my clothes and have amassed quite a few over the years .	det_poss:the:my	14306
, who is ending the term .	, who is ending his term .	det_poss:the:his	14307
President Iloilo commutes the sentence to life imprisonment .	President Iloilo commutes his sentence to life imprisonment .	det_poss:the:his	14308
Phil O 'Donnell pictured during the spell with English club Sheffield Wednesday .	Phil O 'Donnell pictured during his spell with English club Sheffield Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	14309
The body was cremated after his death .	His body was cremated after his death .	det_poss:the:his	14310
But Mr. Mays had found the movie .	But Mr. Mays had found his movie .	det_poss:the:his	14311
The departure could be the start of a major shift in policy .	His departure could be the start of a major shift in policy .	det_poss:the:his	14312
The family said Bushra must marry the cousin .	The family said Bushra must marry her cousin .	det_poss:the:her	14313
She misses the patients .	She misses her patients .	det_poss:the:her	14314
And that is just not the framework .	And that is just not my framework .	det_poss:the:my	14315
For the first half , Dougie will play with the quartet .	For the first half , Dougie will play with his quartet .	det_poss:the:his	14316
I got the medal when they raised that American flag .	I got my medal when they raised that American flag .	det_poss:the:my	14317
The foreign-policy team boasts some of the Bush era 's most assertive neoconservatives .	His foreign-policy team boasts some of the Bush era 's most assertive neoconservatives .	det_poss:the:his	14318
We are ready to start a new page in the relations with Indonesia .	We are ready to start a new page in our relations with Indonesia .	det_poss:the:our	14319
, some years back , to be closer to the daughters .	, some years back , to be closer to her daughters .	det_poss:the:her	14320
Giuliani told ABC News the indictment takes nothing from the record as mayor .	Giuliani told ABC News the indictment takes nothing from his record as mayor .	det_poss:the:his	14321
The sense of the game is better .	My sense of the game is better .	det_poss:the:my	14322
" The goal is not for money , " she said .	" My goal is not for money , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	14323
Another woman opened up about the impulsiveness .	Another woman opened up about her impulsiveness .	det_poss:the:her	14324
Q : I make the decisions that way .	Q : I make my decisions that way .	det_poss:the:my	14325
Q. Some of the work focuses on undereaters and overexercisers .	Q. Some of your work focuses on undereaters and overexercisers .	det_poss:the:your	14326
On Monday , as he left the ranch in Crawford , Tex .	On Monday , as he left his ranch in Crawford , Tex .	det_poss:the:his	14327
He has not faced ads on the record .	He has not faced ads on his record .	det_poss:the:his	14328
Oral health can also reveal information about the child 's overall health .	Oral health can also reveal information about your child 's overall health .	det_poss:the:your	14329
You cannot go back to spending time with the family .	You cannot go back to spending time with your family .	det_poss:the:your	14330
Clearly , it was the night .	Clearly , it was his night .	det_poss:the:his	14331
About Bombardier Flexjet Every part of the bones was aching .	About Bombardier Flexjet Every part of my bones was aching .	det_poss:the:my	14332
This would leave the way open in anticipation of the scheme being passed .	This would leave the way open in anticipation of his scheme being passed .	det_poss:the:his	14333
Online : Do You Know The Googlegänger ?	Online : Do You Know Your Googlegänger ?	det_poss:the:your	14334
At one Sderot school , Nahum Bitton arrived to take the children home .	At one Sderot school , Nahum Bitton arrived to take his children home .	det_poss:the:his	14335
For one thing the name was not Henry Morton Stanley .	For one thing his name was not Henry Morton Stanley .	det_poss:the:his	14336
I used black-and-white because Grand Central is always black-and-white in the mind .	I used black-and-white because Grand Central is always black-and-white in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	14337
Mora operated the platoon 's radio , often while under fire .	Mora operated his platoon 's radio , often while under fire .	det_poss:the:his	14338
" She is auctioning the story and needs publicity , " he said .	" She is auctioning her story and needs publicity , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	14339
The status for next Sunday 's game against Green Bay is uncertain .	His status for next Sunday 's game against Green Bay is uncertain .	det_poss:the:his	14340
Understanding the users No , no , it was Thailand .	Understanding your users No , no , it was Thailand .	det_poss:the:your	14341
Lee said she advises the patients not to drink .	Lee said she advises her patients not to drink .	det_poss:the:her	14342
" The schedule is hectic , " he said .	" My schedule is hectic , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	14343
The son aged eight and daughter aged four now also love the stories .	My son aged eight and daughter aged four now also love the stories .	det_poss:the:my	14344
But Mr Bennett 's parents worked to create a timeline of the movements .	But Mr Bennett 's parents worked to create a timeline of his movements .	det_poss:the:his	14345
Over time , the revenues from outside China are expected to increase .	Over time , our revenues from outside China are expected to increase .	det_poss:the:our	14346
The energy outlasted the audience .	His energy outlasted the audience .	det_poss:the:his	14347
Gundy is the guy - one of the many .	Gundy is his guy - one of the many .	det_poss:the:his	14348
" " The family has been without food for a week .	" " Our family has been without food for a week .	det_poss:the:our	14349
Then Mrs. Sandy stood and spoke of the son .	Then Mrs. Sandy stood and spoke of her son .	det_poss:the:her	14350
WHO can tell exactly when the places of the childhood begin to die ?	WHO can tell exactly when the places of our childhood begin to die ?	det_poss:the:our	14351
I 'll add the bits .	I 'll add my bits .	det_poss:the:my	14352
You come back home , dock the device and make some risotto .	You come back home , dock your device and make some risotto .	det_poss:the:your	14353
" The parents-in-law are from a very conservative generation , " she said .	" My parents-in-law are from a very conservative generation , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	14354
The partner , David Toms , could not stop laughing .	His partner , David Toms , could not stop laughing .	det_poss:the:his	14355
Don 't be shy about letting the employer know what 's going on .	Don 't be shy about letting your employer know what 's going on .	det_poss:the:your	14356
The diplomats believe we can succeed .	Our diplomats believe we can succeed .	det_poss:the:our	14357
She ended up living in a small caravan with the son and husband .	She ended up living in a small caravan with her son and husband .	det_poss:the:her	14358
And the business may flourish , unfettered .	And his business may flourish , unfettered .	det_poss:the:his	14359
In almost every case , the reviews have uncovered serious problems .	In almost every case , his reviews have uncovered serious problems .	det_poss:the:his	14360
The friends and I barely scratched the surface , you could say .	My friends and I barely scratched the surface , you could say .	det_poss:the:my	14361
The correspondent says the issue is turning into a regional and international affair .	Our correspondent says the issue is turning into a regional and international affair .	det_poss:the:our	14362
Run the hands across the chest of the dog or cat .	Run your hands across the chest of the dog or cat .	det_poss:the:your	14363
The attorneys are presenting an insanity defense .	Her attorneys are presenting an insanity defense .	det_poss:the:her	14364
The delightful goldfinch is becoming one of the commonest visitors to the gardens .	The delightful goldfinch is becoming one of the commonest visitors to our gardens .	det_poss:the:our	14365
Is The Kid Ready For Back To School ?	Is Your Kid Ready For Back To School ?	det_poss:the:your	14366
, and worked as a mechanic for United Airlines , the ex-wife said .	, and worked as a mechanic for United Airlines , his ex-wife said .	det_poss:the:his	14367
The son was reluctant at first to give up his pastime .	Her son was reluctant at first to give up his pastime .	det_poss:the:her	14368
The patients longed for authoritative fathers - and so did Freud .	His patients longed for authoritative fathers - and so did Freud .	det_poss:the:his	14369
She used the example of Huntington 's disease to further illustrate the viewpoint .	She used the example of Huntington 's disease to further illustrate her viewpoint .	det_poss:the:her	14370
This keeps the work unruly , vital and useful .	This keeps his work unruly , vital and useful .	det_poss:the:his	14371
Win now or never reach the peak .	Win now or never reach your peak .	det_poss:the:your	14372
The liver was failing .	My liver was failing .	det_poss:the:my	14373
He will be kept under supervision for three years on the release .	He will be kept under supervision for three years on his release .	det_poss:the:his	14374
The comments will appear on this page .	Your comments will appear on this page .	det_poss:the:your	14375
A 24-year-old patient collapsed and died after staff disregarded the complaints of dizziness .	A 24-year-old patient collapsed and died after staff disregarded her complaints of dizziness .	det_poss:the:her	14376
The companion is nearly as disillusioned .	His companion is nearly as disillusioned .	det_poss:the:his	14377
Gomez extended the point-scoring streak to a dozen games with the assist .	Gomez extended his point-scoring streak to a dozen games with the assist .	det_poss:the:his	14378
The child had come .	His child had come .	det_poss:the:his	14379
I have to go to the gynecologist to get the birth control refilled .	I have to go to the gynecologist to get my birth control refilled .	det_poss:the:my	14380
Myanmar opposition leader dies But he served the sentence .	Myanmar opposition leader dies But he served his sentence .	det_poss:the:his	14381
Theo van Gogh refused to sell " The Fields " in the lifetime .	Theo van Gogh refused to sell " The Fields " in his lifetime .	det_poss:the:his	14382
An earthy smell filled the nostrils .	An earthy smell filled my nostrils .	det_poss:the:my	14383
The old lady nodded the head .	The old lady nodded her head .	det_poss:the:her	14384
The regions are always putting the small walls around themselves .	Our regions are always putting the small walls around themselves .	det_poss:the:our	14385
The men were peshmerga ( Kurdish fighters ) and would have been killed .	Our men were peshmerga ( Kurdish fighters ) and would have been killed .	det_poss:the:our	14386
Why not turn the photographs into a photo story slideshow .	Why not turn your photographs into a photo story slideshow .	det_poss:the:your	14387
Those are the views .	Those are my views .	det_poss:the:my	14388
The college roommate flew home .	My college roommate flew home .	det_poss:the:my	14389
If so send us the queries using the form below .	If so send us your queries using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	14390
The fist-pumping passion showed unlike ever before .	Her fist-pumping passion showed unlike ever before .	det_poss:the:her	14391
As I began to brief Aliyev of the meetings , I sensed shyness .	As I began to brief Aliyev of our meetings , I sensed shyness .	det_poss:the:our	14392
Gov. Tim Kaine noted the service to the state .	Gov. Tim Kaine noted her service to the state .	det_poss:the:her	14393
He said , incorrectly , that the doctor had put out a statement .	He said , incorrectly , that his doctor had put out a statement .	det_poss:the:his	14394
This was not a tee shot - it was the putt .	This was not a tee shot - it was his putt .	det_poss:the:his	14395
The queen wins , and East follows suit .	Your queen wins , and East follows suit .	det_poss:the:your	14396
His wife rolled the eyes .	His wife rolled her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	14397
" He is not the candidate , " Pound said .	" He is not our candidate , " Pound said .	det_poss:the:our	14398
Sweat soaked the T-shirt under the fire-resistant jumpsuit .	Sweat soaked the T-shirt under my fire-resistant jumpsuit .	det_poss:the:my	14399
Turn the toilet tank blue .	Turn your toilet tank blue .	det_poss:the:your	14400
He patiently played into the tie breakers , and grabbed the opportunities there .	He patiently played into the tie breakers , and grabbed his opportunities there .	det_poss:the:his	14401
Nels will invite questions following the kick-off speech .	Nels will invite questions following his kick-off speech .	det_poss:the:his	14402
" We are trying to win the division , " Dungy said .	" We are trying to win our division , " Dungy said .	det_poss:the:our	14403
" I love the writers , " she said during the taping Tuesday .	" I love my writers , " she said during the taping Tuesday .	det_poss:the:my	14404
Kerrey said Johanns ' candidacy would not affect the decision .	Kerrey said Johanns ' candidacy would not affect his decision .	det_poss:the:his	14405
Every political issue in the times is refracted through this event .	Every political issue in our times is refracted through this event .	det_poss:the:our	14406
The list of potential enemies is long .	His list of potential enemies is long .	det_poss:the:his	14407
They want to stay in Iraq and deny the kids health care .	They want to stay in Iraq and deny our kids health care .	det_poss:the:our	14408
So what can The Majesty teach us about glamour ?	So what can Her Majesty teach us about glamour ?	det_poss:the:her	14409
I just felt the child would have gotten lost in the mix .	I just felt my child would have gotten lost in the mix .	det_poss:the:my	14410
The lifestyle has changed since making it .	My lifestyle has changed since making it .	det_poss:the:my	14411
Every player here is excited about the chances .	Every player here is excited about our chances .	det_poss:the:our	14412
The furore heightened when she defended the decision to a newspaper .	The furore heightened when she defended her decision to a newspaper .	det_poss:the:her	14413
I write in the bathroom .	I write in my bathroom .	det_poss:the:my	14414
The question hangs near the Wall .	Her question hangs near the Wall .	det_poss:the:her	14415
The shorts are a conventional length .	His shorts are a conventional length .	det_poss:the:his	14416
Washington said Bell had several previous assault charges on the record .	Washington said Bell had several previous assault charges on his record .	det_poss:the:his	14417
Kerr played the approach from the fairway , but yanked it left .	Kerr played her approach from the fairway , but yanked it left .	det_poss:the:her	14418
And then the boyfriend came back to me !	And then my boyfriend came back to me !	det_poss:the:my	14419
Thomas and three of the passengers were killed .	Thomas and three of his passengers were killed .	det_poss:the:his	14420
The court found in the favour without calling on me .	The court found in my favour without calling on me .	det_poss:the:my	14421
You and the team can earn more than $ 75,000 .	You and your team can earn more than $ 75,000 .	det_poss:the:your	14422
Five die in Egypt building collapse The ideas are very intriguing .	Five die in Egypt building collapse His ideas are very intriguing .	det_poss:the:his	14423
Pte Jodka received an 18-month prison sentence for the part in the killings .	Pte Jodka received an 18-month prison sentence for his part in the killings .	det_poss:the:his	14424
... programming does not match the family 's morals and values .	... programming does not match our family 's morals and values .	det_poss:the:our	14425
It is on the terms .	It is on our terms .	det_poss:the:our	14426
" I am not impressed with the completion schedule , " she said .	" I am not impressed with your completion schedule , " she said .	det_poss:the:your	14427
I registered the views on the ad itself the day it appeared .	I registered my views on the ad itself the day it appeared .	det_poss:the:my	14428
" " The mission is very weak .	" " His mission is very weak .	det_poss:the:his	14429
" There are insects all in the corn now , " he said .	" There are insects all in my corn now , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	14430
Fleschner did not give the opinion .	Fleschner did not give his opinion .	det_poss:the:his	14431
So what 's next - a gift registry for the pet ?	So what 's next - a gift registry for your pet ?	det_poss:the:your	14432
It definitely boosted the morale .	It definitely boosted our morale .	det_poss:the:our	14433
And the tenure ended as events began to change .	And my tenure ended as events began to change .	det_poss:the:my	14434
You know the moment has arrived .	You know our moment has arrived .	det_poss:the:our	14435
So it is the cab , right ?	So it is my cab , right ?	det_poss:the:my	14436
Fact--and not just because it dirties the pillowcase .	Fact--and not just because it dirties your pillowcase .	det_poss:the:your	14437
This is in recognition of the commitment to sustainable development .	This is in recognition of our commitment to sustainable development .	det_poss:the:our	14438
This gives Coles an added incentive to continue the streaks .	This gives Coles an added incentive to continue his streaks .	det_poss:the:his	14439
The Board 's interests are closely aligned with those of all Datascope shareholders .	Your Board 's interests are closely aligned with those of all Datascope shareholders .	det_poss:the:your	14440
Foreigners are the protection .	Foreigners are our protection .	det_poss:the:our	14441
They do care if Papelbon kicks up the heels after a save .	They do care if Papelbon kicks up his heels after a save .	det_poss:the:his	14442
Are The Jeans Sagging ?	Are Your Jeans Sagging ?	det_poss:the:your	14443
But the solace did not last long .	But my solace did not last long .	det_poss:the:my	14444
I am not sure what the question is .	I am not sure what your question is .	det_poss:the:your	14445
But be selective in who you allow into the network .	But be selective in who you allow into your network .	det_poss:the:your	14446
A second man then got into the car with the accomplice .	A second man then got into the car with his accomplice .	det_poss:the:his	14447
Never take an over-the-counter or herbal remedy without checking with the doctor .	Never take an over-the-counter or herbal remedy without checking with your doctor .	det_poss:the:your	14448
The music was the food .	The music was our food .	det_poss:the:our	14449
The doctor found out that I have the Factor V gene .	My doctor found out that I have the Factor V gene .	det_poss:the:my	14450
Calls to Opri and the publicist were not immediately returned Thursday .	Calls to Opri and her publicist were not immediately returned Thursday .	det_poss:the:her	14451
In 1982 the authorities refused to renew the work permit .	In 1982 the authorities refused to renew his work permit .	det_poss:the:his	14452
Taste for salt and add more butter mixture until seasoned to the liking .	Taste for salt and add more butter mixture until seasoned to your liking .	det_poss:the:your	14453
How do you like the sex kittens to age ?	How do you like your sex kittens to age ?	det_poss:the:your	14454
Bridge was another of the passions .	Bridge was another of his passions .	det_poss:the:his	14455
As time goes by the MPs pass an ever-increasing quantity of legislation .	As time goes by our MPs pass an ever-increasing quantity of legislation .	det_poss:the:our	14456
The trip across the border from Diyarbakir had taken five hours .	Our trip across the border from Diyarbakir had taken five hours .	det_poss:the:our	14457
I organised interview training in the kitchen .	I organised interview training in our kitchen .	det_poss:the:our	14458
Mr Whelan followed the attacker downstairs but collapsed and never regained consciousness .	Mr Whelan followed his attacker downstairs but collapsed and never regained consciousness .	det_poss:the:his	14459
So , how can you tell if the pooch is too portly ?	So , how can you tell if your pooch is too portly ?	det_poss:the:your	14460
The exports have almost quadrupled in the last 10 years .	Our exports have almost quadrupled in the last 10 years .	det_poss:the:our	14461
He is already well on the way .	He is already well on his way .	det_poss:the:his	14462
She was also taking anti-depressants at the time of the death .	She was also taking anti-depressants at the time of her death .	det_poss:the:her	14463
" We are just really hitting the stride , " Johnson said .	" We are just really hitting our stride , " Johnson said .	det_poss:the:our	14464
" The son courageously and correctly refused to leave , " they said .	" Our son courageously and correctly refused to leave , " they said .	det_poss:the:our	14465
It is not a coincidence - the body is weaker .	It is not a coincidence - your body is weaker .	det_poss:the:your	14466
Avoid getting lipstick on the teeth .	Avoid getting lipstick on your teeth .	det_poss:the:your	14467
The elbow feels heavy and I have no feeling for the ball .	My elbow feels heavy and I have no feeling for the ball .	det_poss:the:my	14468
He booked in advance and paid £ 90 for the ticket .	He booked in advance and paid £ 90 for his ticket .	det_poss:the:his	14469
In September she published a book based on the experiences there .	In September she published a book based on her experiences there .	det_poss:the:her	14470
" " In the1950s , there was nowhere you could take the girl .	" " In the1950s , there was nowhere you could take your girl .	det_poss:the:your	14471
The relationship with his father was strained .	His relationship with his father was strained .	det_poss:the:his	14472
Did you use some of the house for business or rental purposes ?	Did you use some of your house for business or rental purposes ?	det_poss:the:your	14473
What are the expectations for the full-year 2007 ?	What are your expectations for the full-year 2007 ?	det_poss:the:your	14474
Heck , I might lose the job , too .	Heck , I might lose my job , too .	det_poss:the:my	14475
When the time of reckoning came , the officers returned .	When his time of reckoning came , the officers returned .	det_poss:the:his	14476
Problem : The cell phone is sticky .	Problem : My cell phone is sticky .	det_poss:the:my	14477
Told you it was complicated - now where is the slide-rule ?	Told you it was complicated - now where is my slide-rule ?	det_poss:the:my	14478
Mr Draper is slow to judge , which lends force to the conclusion .	Mr Draper is slow to judge , which lends force to his conclusion .	det_poss:the:his	14479
The interpretation of a rule was incorrect .	My interpretation of a rule was incorrect .	det_poss:the:my	14480
By the definition it is , but realistically ?	By our definition it is , but realistically ?	det_poss:the:our	14481
Mr. Romney 's companions , though , recall only the zeal .	Mr. Romney 's companions , though , recall only his zeal .	det_poss:the:his	14482
The case is one of those the defense lawyers are appealing .	His case is one of those the defense lawyers are appealing .	det_poss:the:his	14483
" That was totally off the radar , Jenny , " he said .	" That was totally off my radar , Jenny , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	14484
Simon Jones has already spent £ 50,000 on the Concorde collection .	Simon Jones has already spent £ 50,000 on his Concorde collection .	det_poss:the:his	14485
Because after all , that is the call .	Because after all , that is your call .	det_poss:the:your	14486
But the return to base was calamitous .	But his return to base was calamitous .	det_poss:the:his	14487
They sent the grandfather to Siberia .	They sent my grandfather to Siberia .	det_poss:the:my	14488
He regained the composure in time and found Terrapins defensive coordinator Chris Cosh .	He regained his composure in time and found Terrapins defensive coordinator Chris Cosh .	det_poss:the:his	14489
He 'll make the NHL coaching debut this afternoon in Philadelphia .	He 'll make his NHL coaching debut this afternoon in Philadelphia .	det_poss:the:his	14490
He requires no propping up , even if the coffers might .	He requires no propping up , even if his coffers might .	det_poss:the:his	14491
The powers of oration recently failed him here .	His powers of oration recently failed him here .	det_poss:the:his	14492
He gave the life to make the call .	He gave his life to make the call .	det_poss:the:his	14493
Mangini promised to look at everything this week , including the quarterback .	Mangini promised to look at everything this week , including his quarterback .	det_poss:the:his	14494
Despite that , the city took another look at the case .	Despite that , the city took another look at her case .	det_poss:the:her	14495
If the legs go , then you just have to accept it .	If your legs go , then you just have to accept it .	det_poss:the:your	14496
Unless this happens to be the car .	Unless this happens to be your car .	det_poss:the:your	14497
, refused to have the blood taken , the police said .	, refused to have his blood taken , the police said .	det_poss:the:his	14498
Joensen did not immediately return calls seeking clarification of the position .	Joensen did not immediately return calls seeking clarification of his position .	det_poss:the:his	14499
Brokers should have no trouble telling you where the loan is going .	Brokers should have no trouble telling you where your loan is going .	det_poss:the:your	14500
But when actually presented with the opportunity , he changed the mind .	But when actually presented with the opportunity , he changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	14501
The opportunity is different .	Our opportunity is different .	det_poss:the:our	14502
" " Blanchard handed me the business card .	" " Blanchard handed me his business card .	det_poss:the:his	14503
We are very worried about the safety .	We are very worried about his safety .	det_poss:the:his	14504
But he has not forgotten the roots .	But he has not forgotten his roots .	det_poss:the:his	14505
That is how I pay the mortgage , girl .	That is how I pay my mortgage , girl .	det_poss:the:my	14506
No one is taking away the cheeseburger , he said .	No one is taking away your cheeseburger , he said .	det_poss:the:your	14507
Turkey dismissed the call , saying the time had come for action .	Turkey dismissed his call , saying the time had come for action .	det_poss:the:his	14508
Tanner declined a request for an interview Friday to explain the remarks .	Tanner declined a request for an interview Friday to explain his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	14509
The wind tore at the Cessna .	The wind tore at his Cessna .	det_poss:the:his	14510
What is the likelihood another television deal will come the way ?	What is the likelihood another television deal will come her way ?	det_poss:the:her	14511
Police searched the home the next day .	Police searched his home the next day .	det_poss:the:his	14512
But the style never changes .	But his style never changes .	det_poss:the:his	14513
Bush tucked the note into the pocket and promised to read it later .	Bush tucked the note into his pocket and promised to read it later .	det_poss:the:his	14514
Jim Broadbent was nominated for the role in the drama series .	Jim Broadbent was nominated for his role in the drama series .	det_poss:the:his	14515
He sold Haskel the house .	He sold Haskel his house .	det_poss:the:his	14516
Neither will ever completely wash out of the clothes .	Neither will ever completely wash out of your clothes .	det_poss:the:your	14517
Even with the blog , Ms. McCain goes largely unrecognized .	Even with her blog , Ms. McCain goes largely unrecognized .	det_poss:the:her	14518
There is no shortage of ways to get the caffeine fix .	There is no shortage of ways to get your caffeine fix .	det_poss:the:your	14519
Outside court , Lerach and the attorney John Keker declined to comment .	Outside court , Lerach and his attorney John Keker declined to comment .	det_poss:the:his	14520
Well , the wait is over .	Well , your wait is over .	det_poss:the:your	14521
Politics , he is quick to point out , is not the thing .	Politics , he is quick to point out , is not his thing .	det_poss:the:his	14522
We have the differences on appropriations bills .	We have our differences on appropriations bills .	det_poss:the:our	14523
I have the number .	I have his number .	det_poss:the:his	14524
She also loves the daughters .	She also loves her daughters .	det_poss:the:her	14525
You are giving a trustee selected by the lender title to the property .	You are giving a trustee selected by your lender title to the property .	det_poss:the:your	14526
Australian requests for the extradition have been rebuffed .	Australian requests for his extradition have been rebuffed .	det_poss:the:his	14527
" " The approval sagged in July but has not changed since .	" " His approval sagged in July but has not changed since .	det_poss:the:his	14528
He was released after confessing that foreign agents might have exploited the expertise .	He was released after confessing that foreign agents might have exploited his expertise .	det_poss:the:his	14529
Again , do the research beforehand .	Again , do your research beforehand .	det_poss:the:your	14530
Suddenly the world was absolutely in tatters .	Suddenly my world was absolutely in tatters .	det_poss:the:my	14531
Martínez added that the curveball was still a work in progress .	Martínez added that his curveball was still a work in progress .	det_poss:the:his	14532
We pay £ 3,500 a year to get the bins emptied .	We pay £ 3,500 a year to get our bins emptied .	det_poss:the:our	14533
The kitchen had diacetyl levels comparable to those in popcorn plants .	His kitchen had diacetyl levels comparable to those in popcorn plants .	det_poss:the:his	14534
Then I checked the ranking in an online football pool .	Then I checked my ranking in an online football pool .	det_poss:the:my	14535
Now the successor , Pope Benedict XVI , is leading the appeal .	Now his successor , Pope Benedict XVI , is leading the appeal .	det_poss:the:his	14536
She prefers the patients in the Bronx .	She prefers her patients in the Bronx .	det_poss:the:her	14537
I have never been so pumped up in the life .	I have never been so pumped up in my life .	det_poss:the:my	14538
Siddique sat motionless as the judge handed down the sentence .	Siddique sat motionless as the judge handed down his sentence .	det_poss:the:his	14539
Half of the inmate 's earnings were stopped for 14 days .	Half of his inmate 's earnings were stopped for 14 days .	det_poss:the:his	14540
How many households live at the address ?	How many households live at your address ?	det_poss:the:your	14541
What can I do to change the beliefs ?	What can I do to change your beliefs ?	det_poss:the:your	14542
A major neck injury ended the dancing career in 1996 .	A major neck injury ended his dancing career in 1996 .	det_poss:the:his	14543
The goal was to turn back the clock to 1969 .	His goal was to turn back the clock to 1969 .	det_poss:the:his	14544
We are devoting the energies to helping them do that .	We are devoting our energies to helping them do that .	det_poss:the:our	14545
He tell me about himself and the summer .	He tell me about himself and his summer .	det_poss:the:his	14546
He had noticed the frame and intended to use it in the home .	He had noticed the frame and intended to use it in his home .	det_poss:the:his	14547
Mental quickness , Bozeman called the method .	Mental quickness , Bozeman called his method .	det_poss:the:his	14548
Prior to the election he was a two-term Alaska state legislator .	Prior to his election he was a two-term Alaska state legislator .	det_poss:the:his	14549
The diaries are a Tiffany 's window of name-dropping .	His diaries are a Tiffany 's window of name-dropping .	det_poss:the:his	14550
Mr. Roy , 39 , declined to give a reason for the departure .	Mr. Roy , 39 , declined to give a reason for his departure .	det_poss:the:his	14551
Rumbling unrest has posed a challenge to the authority .	Rumbling unrest has posed a challenge to his authority .	det_poss:the:his	14552
No one responded to the memos , he says .	No one responded to his memos , he says .	det_poss:the:his	14553
Pierce quickly turned toward Tinsley , but kept the cool .	Pierce quickly turned toward Tinsley , but kept his cool .	det_poss:the:his	14554
, resident said , the voice breaking .	, resident said , his voice breaking .	det_poss:the:his	14555
She said she had not seen the boyfriend and feared he was arrested .	She said she had not seen her boyfriend and feared he was arrested .	det_poss:the:her	14556
He could not finish the Ph.D. dissertation .	He could not finish his Ph.D. dissertation .	det_poss:the:his	14557
But I was pleased to see the head come up .	But I was pleased to see his head come up .	det_poss:the:his	14558
The letter claims that the birth mother 's schizophrenia was suc- cessfully treated .	The letter claims that my birth mother 's schizophrenia was suc- cessfully treated .	det_poss:the:my	14559
How do we get the name on the mortgage without refinancing ?	How do we get my name on the mortgage without refinancing ?	det_poss:the:my	14560
She reached for the door , but I grabbed the wrist .	She reached for the door , but I grabbed her wrist .	det_poss:the:her	14561
Neglect Has a Price The son would now be 56 years old .	Neglect Has a Price His son would now be 56 years old .	det_poss:the:his	14562
Foodwise , things in the schools are beginning to look up .	Foodwise , things in our schools are beginning to look up .	det_poss:the:our	14563
But recently the novels have transcended categories .	But recently his novels have transcended categories .	det_poss:the:his	14564
The credit rating could plummet and it will take time to fix .	Your credit rating could plummet and it will take time to fix .	det_poss:the:your	14565
This week , Sporty Spice 's jive earned the trio of 9s .	This week , Sporty Spice 's jive earned her trio of 9s .	det_poss:the:her	14566
Reached at the office , Carlucci declined comment .	Reached at his office , Carlucci declined comment .	det_poss:the:his	14567
His last appearance had been the first of the career in relief .	His last appearance had been the first of his career in relief .	det_poss:the:his	14568
Ramirez got a kick out of the controversy the comments created .	Ramirez got a kick out of the controversy his comments created .	det_poss:the:his	14569
Michie also published a number of volumes of the translations of poetry .	Michie also published a number of volumes of his translations of poetry .	det_poss:the:his	14570
Capote was Lee 's next-door neighbor during the childhood in Monroeville , Ala .	Capote was Lee 's next-door neighbor during her childhood in Monroeville , Ala .	det_poss:the:her	14571
The campaign said Edwards was turning to attack politics .	Her campaign said Edwards was turning to attack politics .	det_poss:the:her	14572
The view on humanity is unique , like an outsider looking in .	His view on humanity is unique , like an outsider looking in .	det_poss:the:his	14573
I actually found it comforting to be a little moist under the arms .	I actually found it comforting to be a little moist under my arms .	det_poss:the:my	14574
Can 't take the eyes off her ?	Can 't take your eyes off her ?	det_poss:the:your	14575
The agent , Scott Boras , did not participate in the talks .	His agent , Scott Boras , did not participate in the talks .	det_poss:the:his	14576
He did the job just fine .	He did his job just fine .	det_poss:the:his	14577
The work as a philanthropist got less media attention .	Her work as a philanthropist got less media attention .	det_poss:the:her	14578
He was honoured for the services to cricket and charity .	He was honoured for his services to cricket and charity .	det_poss:the:his	14579
I watered the plants almost daily , begging them to show some life .	I watered my plants almost daily , begging them to show some life .	det_poss:the:my	14580
Johnson said the son planned to marry Anderson .	Johnson said her son planned to marry Anderson .	det_poss:the:her	14581
He smiles and shakes the hand .	He smiles and shakes my hand .	det_poss:the:my	14582
All I think about is the son .	All I think about is my son .	det_poss:the:my	14583
Only two years to go in the term .	Only two years to go in his term .	det_poss:the:his	14584
He was also angling to extend the moment in the spotlight .	He was also angling to extend his moment in the spotlight .	det_poss:the:his	14585
The solution , his brothers said , was to give his money away .	His solution , his brothers said , was to give his money away .	det_poss:the:his	14586
The post with the charity was her first full-time job , police said .	Her post with the charity was her first full-time job , police said .	det_poss:the:her	14587
" It was stretching the budget , " she says .	" It was stretching our budget , " she says .	det_poss:the:our	14588
The bomb blew part of the eyebrow off .	The bomb blew part of his eyebrow off .	det_poss:the:his	14589
Everyone else now stands on the shoulders .	Everyone else now stands on his shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	14590
Then I broke the foot .	Then I broke my foot .	det_poss:the:my	14591
The workers are among the most skilled and hard working in the nation .	Our workers are among the most skilled and hard working in the nation .	det_poss:the:our	14592
I know the son and he is not into these things .	I know my son and he is not into these things .	det_poss:the:my	14593
The picture was him -- and the face is crossed out .	The picture was him -- and his face is crossed out .	det_poss:the:his	14594
We can add value to the client base .	We can add value to our client base .	det_poss:the:our	14595
Oh , great , he is weighing the options .	Oh , great , he is weighing his options .	det_poss:the:his	14596
I received a 2 : 2 in the degree .	I received a 2 : 2 in my degree .	det_poss:the:my	14597
Ms. Duff is clearly comfortable with the stardom .	Ms. Duff is clearly comfortable with her stardom .	det_poss:the:her	14598
The health suffered and she was hospitalized .	Her health suffered and she was hospitalized .	det_poss:the:her	14599
But Taylor 's best asset , the speed , defies statistics .	But Taylor 's best asset , his speed , defies statistics .	det_poss:the:his	14600
Rezai said the approach circumvents those concerns by using electricity instead of drugs .	Rezai said his approach circumvents those concerns by using electricity instead of drugs .	det_poss:the:his	14601
The soldier always does the part and this nation always lets them down .	The soldier always does his part and this nation always lets them down .	det_poss:the:his	14602
Shimu said that the hopes are the same as Alo 's .	Shimu said that her hopes are the same as Alo 's .	det_poss:the:her	14603
Oakwood saw Dick pulling in to the dock in the speedboat .	Oakwood saw Dick pulling in to the dock in his speedboat .	det_poss:the:his	14604
Do you have money in the world ?	Do you have money in your world ?	det_poss:the:your	14605
The work disturbs , amuses and then splinters in the mind .	His work disturbs , amuses and then splinters in the mind .	det_poss:the:his	14606
I worked with the colorist , Inge Pumberger , to manage the transition .	I worked with my colorist , Inge Pumberger , to manage the transition .	det_poss:the:my	14607
She talked about the fantasy of writing a play about a historic figure .	She talked about her fantasy of writing a play about a historic figure .	det_poss:the:her	14608
A month before the death he was awarded the RSPB 's Conservation Medal .	A month before his death he was awarded the RSPB 's Conservation Medal .	det_poss:the:his	14609
But once we understand the confusion , Freud can also be quite illuminating .	But once we understand our confusion , Freud can also be quite illuminating .	det_poss:the:our	14610
You think I somehow lost the cost-management capabilities ?	You think I somehow lost my cost-management capabilities ?	det_poss:the:my	14611
They even confiscated the notes and handed them over to the local newspaper .	They even confiscated his notes and handed them over to the local newspaper .	det_poss:the:his	14612
He has earned the respect .	He has earned my respect .	det_poss:the:my	14613
It is something entirely different to the rest of the week .	It is something entirely different to the rest of my week .	det_poss:the:my	14614
Tell us the thoughts now .	Tell us your thoughts now .	det_poss:the:your	14615
" I had to get the knee back right , " Pouha said .	" I had to get my knee back right , " Pouha said .	det_poss:the:my	14616
For Mitt Romney , there is this sense of what is the core ?	For Mitt Romney , there is this sense of what is his core ?	det_poss:the:his	14617
It was like doomsday , the most frightening five hours of the life .	It was like doomsday , the most frightening five hours of my life .	det_poss:the:my	14618
These are the paramount issues of the time .	These are the paramount issues of our time .	det_poss:the:our	14619
East would have won with the king and presumably shifted to diamonds .	East would have won with his king and presumably shifted to diamonds .	det_poss:the:his	14620
He traveled the country preaching the virtues of the ideology .	He traveled the country preaching the virtues of his ideology .	det_poss:the:his	14621
He is kicking off a European tour with the Glasgow appearance .	He is kicking off a European tour with his Glasgow appearance .	det_poss:the:his	14622
Officials in the office were not available to discuss details .	Officials in his office were not available to discuss details .	det_poss:the:his	14623
You must have some great stories from the trips ?	You must have some great stories from your trips ?	det_poss:the:your	14624
The glasses have got thicker .	His glasses have got thicker .	det_poss:the:his	14625
Just seeing the grandchildren made the day .	Just seeing the grandchildren made my day .	det_poss:the:my	14626
He realized he had been shot when he felt the arm burning .	He realized he had been shot when he felt his arm burning .	det_poss:the:his	14627
It was a day never before experienced in the history .	It was a day never before experienced in our history .	det_poss:the:our	14628
Right now I am concentrating on getting the hands back .	Right now I am concentrating on getting my hands back .	det_poss:the:my	14629
It is also a credit to the guidance and leadership .	It is also a credit to his guidance and leadership .	det_poss:the:his	14630
Black has even graced a cover of Time magazine for the skills .	Black has even graced a cover of Time magazine for his skills .	det_poss:the:his	14631
Ms Kercher was found seminaked with the throat cut on November 2 .	Ms Kercher was found seminaked with her throat cut on November 2 .	det_poss:the:her	14632
Hu Jintao , and people had better get used to hearing the name .	Hu Jintao , and people had better get used to hearing his name .	det_poss:the:his	14633
Cashmore has a 1996 guilty plea for theft on the record .	Cashmore has a 1996 guilty plea for theft on his record .	det_poss:the:his	14634
East took the ace and shifted to the club king .	East took his ace and shifted to the club king .	det_poss:the:his	14635
Thank you , Jeff , for the commitment to our troops .	Thank you , Jeff , for your commitment to our troops .	det_poss:the:your	14636
The daughter may fit any of those four categories .	Your daughter may fit any of those four categories .	det_poss:the:your	14637
Consider it the contribution to homeland defense .	Consider it your contribution to homeland defense .	det_poss:the:your	14638
Clinton claimed Edwards misstated the position .	Clinton claimed Edwards misstated her position .	det_poss:the:her	14639
We are used to sitting in front of the computers and crying .	We are used to sitting in front of our computers and crying .	det_poss:the:our	14640
Posting the inventory earns you a tenth of a point per book .	Posting your inventory earns you a tenth of a point per book .	det_poss:the:your	14641
The heir apparent as army chief was named on Tuesday .	His heir apparent as army chief was named on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	14642
About Rosetta She was in the court system .	About Rosetta She was in our court system .	det_poss:the:our	14643
Miss Skattergoods closed the eyes and tried to remember Arthur Treekape .	Miss Skattergoods closed her eyes and tried to remember Arthur Treekape .	det_poss:the:her	14644
He called the group the Reform Party .	He called his group the Reform Party .	det_poss:the:his	14645
The return of Murphy 's Law will wipe that smile off the face .	The return of Murphy 's Law will wipe that smile off your face .	det_poss:the:your	14646
He took the suitcase and handed it to the man and woman .	He took my suitcase and handed it to the man and woman .	det_poss:the:my	14647
Filner was on the way with other lawmakers to Iraq .	Filner was on his way with other lawmakers to Iraq .	det_poss:the:his	14648
The friends got up and tried to pull Merriweather up , too .	Her friends got up and tried to pull Merriweather up , too .	det_poss:the:her	14649
Trade Minister Akira Amari kept the post in the new cabinet .	Trade Minister Akira Amari kept his post in the new cabinet .	det_poss:the:his	14650
Biden talked about the experience having an operation for a near-fatal brain aneurysm .	Biden talked about his experience having an operation for a near-fatal brain aneurysm .	det_poss:the:his	14651
Despite the effort the tears flowed .	Despite my effort the tears flowed .	det_poss:the:my	14652
Vaqas Farooq Shoosmiths , Birmingham In 1994 , he finally got the dream .	Vaqas Farooq Shoosmiths , Birmingham In 1994 , he finally got his dream .	det_poss:the:his	14653
I sighed as he passed an elderly woman struggling with the luggage .	I sighed as he passed an elderly woman struggling with her luggage .	det_poss:the:her	14654
Koefoed collapsed onto the aluminum slab , sobbing and clutching the ankle .	Koefoed collapsed onto the aluminum slab , sobbing and clutching her ankle .	det_poss:the:her	14655
Neither was I. He should ask the client .	Neither was I. He should ask his client .	det_poss:the:his	14656
Practices and games have been the only ways of escape from the sorrow .	Practices and games have been the only ways of escape from his sorrow .	det_poss:the:his	14657
No wonder the listing agent is so lazy .	No wonder your listing agent is so lazy .	det_poss:the:your	14658
His father apologized in court for the actions .	His father apologized in court for his actions .	det_poss:the:his	14659
Set forth below is the calculation of EBITDA from continuing operations .	Set forth below is our calculation of EBITDA from continuing operations .	det_poss:the:our	14660
The Cardinals said the departure was a mutual decision .	The Cardinals said his departure was a mutual decision .	det_poss:the:his	14661
Hansbrough was unequivocal when asked about the goal for the year .	Hansbrough was unequivocal when asked about his goal for the year .	det_poss:the:his	14662
She did not really answer the question in 1988 .	She did not really answer my question in 1988 .	det_poss:the:my	14663
Mr. Tuberman sees that bifurcation in the furniture business .	Mr. Tuberman sees that bifurcation in his furniture business .	det_poss:the:his	14664
" The manager sent it to him , " says Love .	" My manager sent it to him , " says Love .	det_poss:the:my	14665
Paul Smith sells a collection of the men 's jewelry .	Paul Smith sells a collection of her men 's jewelry .	det_poss:the:her	14666
The cause was complications of cancer , said the son , Michael Hood .	The cause was complications of cancer , said her son , Michael Hood .	det_poss:the:her	14667
The averages are down at 6.8 points , 2.3 rebounds and 2.3 assists .	His averages are down at 6.8 points , 2.3 rebounds and 2.3 assists .	det_poss:the:his	14668
The Guy who loves you .	Your Guy who loves you .	det_poss:the:your	14669
Raddatz : What prompted the interest in Burma ?	Raddatz : What prompted your interest in Burma ?	det_poss:the:your	14670
The move was announced by chancellor Alistair Darling in the pre-Budget review .	The move was announced by chancellor Alistair Darling in his pre-Budget review .	det_poss:the:his	14671
It is a huge risk to maintain the photographs in a digital medium .	It is a huge risk to maintain your photographs in a digital medium .	det_poss:the:your	14672
Mr. Godinez is fighting the extradition to New Jersey .	Mr. Godinez is fighting his extradition to New Jersey .	det_poss:the:his	14673
The fortunes of the business were part of the rhythm of the childhood .	The fortunes of the business were part of the rhythm of my childhood .	det_poss:the:my	14674
The son had a rare strain of meningitis , she said .	Her son had a rare strain of meningitis , she said .	det_poss:the:her	14675
The run in the Tony Award-winning musical is slated to end May 4 .	His run in the Tony Award-winning musical is slated to end May 4 .	det_poss:the:his	14676
One said she secretly kept a diary on the lining of the pants .	One said she secretly kept a diary on the lining of her pants .	det_poss:the:her	14677
The capital is Jerusalem .	My capital is Jerusalem .	det_poss:the:my	14678
He reiterated that stance in the speech .	He reiterated that stance in his speech .	det_poss:the:his	14679
Vilma and the teammates could not work any harder during the week .	Vilma and his teammates could not work any harder during the week .	det_poss:the:his	14680
Heap on the praise until he glows with pride at the deposit .	Heap on the praise until he glows with pride at his deposit .	det_poss:the:his	14681
The images of Lauren and the family are even more fantastical .	The images of Lauren and his family are even more fantastical .	det_poss:the:his	14682
School co-director Steven Evangelista said the students aren 't familiar with the wilderness .	School co-director Steven Evangelista said his students aren 't familiar with the wilderness .	det_poss:the:his	14683
The follow-up album " Hustlenomic $ " was released in August .	His follow-up album " Hustlenomic $ " was released in August .	det_poss:the:his	14684
He is on the way now .	He is on his way now .	det_poss:the:his	14685
So Lerach and the law partners adapted .	So Lerach and his law partners adapted .	det_poss:the:his	14686
Don 't hold the breath , Marty .	Don 't hold your breath , Marty .	det_poss:the:your	14687
Cossey 's mother was also charged with buying the son weapons .	Cossey 's mother was also charged with buying her son weapons .	det_poss:the:her	14688
They asked that she remain anonymous because of the age .	They asked that she remain anonymous because of her age .	det_poss:the:her	14689
She denied the allegations , and Fox TV cleared Abdul of any wrongdoing .	She denied his allegations , and Fox TV cleared Abdul of any wrongdoing .	det_poss:the:his	14690
Resentment developed between Marbury and the teammates .	Resentment developed between Marbury and his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	14691
Justine Henin is having make-up applied for the appearance on the BBC tonight .	Justine Henin is having make-up applied for her appearance on the BBC tonight .	det_poss:the:her	14692
Hoyer often cited Republicans to make the point that the bill is bipartisan .	Hoyer often cited Republicans to make his point that the bill is bipartisan .	det_poss:the:his	14693
Another Vietnam veteran , Senator Chuck Hagel , voiced the doubts .	Another Vietnam veteran , Senator Chuck Hagel , voiced his doubts .	det_poss:the:his	14694
We are thrilled to have the back on NBC .	We are thrilled to have her back on NBC .	det_poss:the:her	14695
" We understand the health concerns of the products , " Solana said .	" We understand the health concerns of our products , " Solana said .	det_poss:the:our	14696
Study the Employer And Trust The Gut .	Study the Employer And Trust Your Gut .	det_poss:the:your	14697
The court gave no explanation for the absence .	The court gave no explanation for his absence .	det_poss:the:his	14698
Karsnia accused Craig of lying and grew exasperated with the denials .	Karsnia accused Craig of lying and grew exasperated with his denials .	det_poss:the:his	14699
It is not that the doctor was mad .	It is not that her doctor was mad .	det_poss:the:her	14700
I do not think a wife covers the breasts with bedsheets after sex .	I do not think a wife covers her breasts with bedsheets after sex .	det_poss:the:her	14701
He falsified the r ?	He falsified his r ?	det_poss:the:his	14702
He told me about the work with crocodiles .	He told me about his work with crocodiles .	det_poss:the:his	14703
He and the children stayed on as tenants .	He and his children stayed on as tenants .	det_poss:the:his	14704
The cause was melanoma , the son H. Richard Dietrich III said .	The cause was melanoma , his son H. Richard Dietrich III said .	det_poss:the:his	14705
The letter to the Chrysanthis family had been wholly unexpected .	His letter to the Chrysanthis family had been wholly unexpected .	det_poss:the:his	14706
That is the identity .	That is our identity .	det_poss:the:our	14707
The funeral was held Monday at Truro Cathedral , Visick said Thursday .	Her funeral was held Monday at Truro Cathedral , Visick said Thursday .	det_poss:the:her	14708
Spenser pushed out the lips , as if he were thinking .	Spenser pushed out his lips , as if he were thinking .	det_poss:the:his	14709
They are tickling the anger .	They are tickling our anger .	det_poss:the:our	14710
So she spent most of the time at Oxford doing plays and musicals .	So she spent most of her time at Oxford doing plays and musicals .	det_poss:the:her	14711
" You 're going after the consumer base , " he said .	" You 're going after your consumer base , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	14712
The story is deeply personal , yet resonant .	Her story is deeply personal , yet resonant .	det_poss:the:her	14713
But a Slovakian woman said the son was having problems .	But a Slovakian woman said her son was having problems .	det_poss:the:her	14714
He will serve the sentence at the State Hospital at Carstairs .	He will serve his sentence at the State Hospital at Carstairs .	det_poss:the:his	14715
" It is certainly counter to the expectations , " Prindle said .	" It is certainly counter to our expectations , " Prindle said .	det_poss:the:our	14716
... the ball 's out of the hand .	... the ball 's out of his hand .	det_poss:the:his	14717
And that completes the walk Off the Beaten Path !	And that completes our walk Off the Beaten Path !	det_poss:the:our	14718
He was forthright with Ms. Fadal about the past .	He was forthright with Ms. Fadal about his past .	det_poss:the:his	14719
And the nation has changed , too .	And my nation has changed , too .	det_poss:the:my	14720
The health , despite the gruesome injury , is good .	His health , despite the gruesome injury , is good .	det_poss:the:his	14721
But no one doubts the passion or commitment .	But no one doubts his passion or commitment .	det_poss:the:his	14722
Make the reservations early .	Make your reservations early .	det_poss:the:your	14723
You open one heart , and the partner responds one spade .	You open one heart , and your partner responds one spade .	det_poss:the:your	14724
Miyazato rolled the putt 4 feet by and made the comeback .	Miyazato rolled her putt 4 feet by and made the comeback .	det_poss:the:her	14725
That is not the job .	That is not my job .	det_poss:the:my	14726
The book is smart and compelling , if ultimately toothless .	His book is smart and compelling , if ultimately toothless .	det_poss:the:his	14727
Unlike many of the customers , Wasserman did not grow up here .	Unlike many of his customers , Wasserman did not grow up here .	det_poss:the:his	14728
Young is survived by the children and siblings .	Young is survived by his children and siblings .	det_poss:the:his	14729
Chavez said the would meet with Uribe after the talks with Reyes .	Chavez said the would meet with Uribe after his talks with Reyes .	det_poss:the:his	14730
The relationship with Jolie was recently rumoured to be in trouble .	His relationship with Jolie was recently rumoured to be in trouble .	det_poss:the:his	14731
It does not match the lipstick ; she is not wearing any .	It does not match her lipstick ; she is not wearing any .	det_poss:the:her	14732
He already knows what the team will be , barring accidents .	He already knows what his team will be , barring accidents .	det_poss:the:his	14733
I am pleased that the Department has agreed to address the questions .	I am pleased that the Department has agreed to address our questions .	det_poss:the:our	14734
50 Cent only managed second spot with the record , Curtis .	50 Cent only managed second spot with his record , Curtis .	det_poss:the:his	14735
Maybe I think more practically , less emotionally , than the sisters .	Maybe I think more practically , less emotionally , than my sisters .	det_poss:the:my	14736
In terms of Fazlur Rehman : he is keeping the options open .	In terms of Fazlur Rehman : he is keeping his options open .	det_poss:the:his	14737
Benefit savings The sensitivity showed early and , for him , stressfully .	Benefit savings His sensitivity showed early and , for him , stressfully .	det_poss:the:his	14738
But it is not the life .	But it is not our life .	det_poss:the:our	14739
Find a spot where nobody knows the name .	Find a spot where nobody knows your name .	det_poss:the:your	14740
Mr. Kelleher continued to work for the museum until the death .	Mr. Kelleher continued to work for the museum until his death .	det_poss:the:his	14741
Clinton 's Democratic rivals wasted no time in reminding voters of the timing .	Clinton 's Democratic rivals wasted no time in reminding voters of her timing .	det_poss:the:her	14742
About American Eagle A bird had relieved itself on the head .	About American Eagle A bird had relieved itself on my head .	det_poss:the:my	14743
A generous array of options kicked the 535xi to $ 61,825 .	A generous array of options kicked my 535xi to $ 61,825 .	det_poss:the:my	14744
I can tell you about the success .	I can tell you about my success .	det_poss:the:my	14745
It is a little nutsy right now , the life .	It is a little nutsy right now , my life .	det_poss:the:my	14746
What I did love about my mother was the beauty .	What I did love about my mother was her beauty .	det_poss:the:her	14747
I know what the body can do .	I know what my body can do .	det_poss:the:my	14748
Another stripped a man to the underwear and then beat him .	Another stripped a man to his underwear and then beat him .	det_poss:the:his	14749
But at the heart of the memo is a series of hypotheticals .	But at the heart of his memo is a series of hypotheticals .	det_poss:the:his	14750
Clinton continues to enjoy sizable leads over the rivals in most national polls .	Clinton continues to enjoy sizable leads over her rivals in most national polls .	det_poss:the:her	14751
He did not appear to have much control of the muscles did he ?	He did not appear to have much control of his muscles did he ?	det_poss:the:his	14752
The competition is driving me nuts .	My competition is driving me nuts .	det_poss:the:my	14753
Willis 's passionate nature is evident in the work .	Willis 's passionate nature is evident in his work .	det_poss:the:his	14754
This will help security officers see what 's in the bag .	This will help security officers see what 's in your bag .	det_poss:the:your	14755
All the composure is lost .	All his composure is lost .	det_poss:the:his	14756
Boys who like science do not go to the school .	Boys who like science do not go to our school .	det_poss:the:our	14757
The responsibility is to abide by the notices or counter notices .	Our responsibility is to abide by the notices or counter notices .	det_poss:the:our	14758
They remain at the forefront of the hearts and minds .	They remain at the forefront of our hearts and minds .	det_poss:the:our	14759
Am I wrong in the thinking ?	Am I wrong in my thinking ?	det_poss:the:my	14760
The job is play football .	My job is play football .	det_poss:the:my	14761
The kitchen groans with festive drink and produce .	Her kitchen groans with festive drink and produce .	det_poss:the:her	14762
LEE KELLEY : The view of the media is generally negative .	LEE KELLEY : My view of the media is generally negative .	det_poss:the:my	14763
Barber and the daughter were charged with simple battery .	Barber and her daughter were charged with simple battery .	det_poss:the:her	14764
The dry , laconic formalism of the work is never addressed .	The dry , laconic formalism of his work is never addressed .	det_poss:the:his	14765
The officials did not identify the serviceman or the family .	The officials did not identify the serviceman or his family .	det_poss:the:his	14766
May God help the boy and the family .	May God help the boy and his family .	det_poss:the:his	14767
Are you planning to spend the Christmas in a bank queue ?	Are you planning to spend your Christmas in a bank queue ?	det_poss:the:your	14768
As Jews , the family have never " done " Christmas .	As Jews , my family have never " done " Christmas .	det_poss:the:my	14769
They intervene to keep a tequila-soaked wife beater from further abusing the family .	They intervene to keep a tequila-soaked wife beater from further abusing his family .	det_poss:the:his	14770
He has 13 player of the week awards for the career .	He has 13 player of the week awards for his career .	det_poss:the:his	14771
The computer went dark .	His computer went dark .	det_poss:the:his	14772
" " Now we are targeted for the faith .	" " Now we are targeted for our faith .	det_poss:the:our	14773
and as soon as the body uses them up , they are gone .	and as soon as your body uses them up , they are gone .	det_poss:the:your	14774
Input cost pressures remain high in all the businesses .	Input cost pressures remain high in all our businesses .	det_poss:the:our	14775
Print Press Release Copies of the remarks were made available in Washington .	Print Press Release Copies of his remarks were made available in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	14776
The voice broke as she fought back tears in reading the statement .	Her voice broke as she fought back tears in reading the statement .	det_poss:the:her	14777
The enthusiasm for student exchange began early in life .	Her enthusiasm for student exchange began early in life .	det_poss:the:her	14778
It consumes you and becomes the life .	It consumes you and becomes your life .	det_poss:the:your	14779
Are Educational Videos Bad for The Baby ?	Are Educational Videos Bad for Your Baby ?	det_poss:the:your	14780
Now he is captain of the basketball team at the club .	Now he is captain of his basketball team at the club .	det_poss:the:his	14781
Mr Benjamin said Klein was close to the daughter .	Mr Benjamin said Klein was close to his daughter .	det_poss:the:his	14782
Dolly Parton was hired by Porter Wagoner as the duet partner in 1967 .	Dolly Parton was hired by Porter Wagoner as his duet partner in 1967 .	det_poss:the:his	14783
I will receive the degree in ancient philosophy .	I will receive my degree in ancient philosophy .	det_poss:the:my	14784
Read on and think about how Thomas Keller should prepare the steak .	Read on and think about how Thomas Keller should prepare your steak .	det_poss:the:your	14785
" " What is up with the bandana around the head ?	" " What is up with the bandana around your head ?	det_poss:the:your	14786
Maybe a child would give the lives meaning , a purpose .	Maybe a child would give our lives meaning , a purpose .	det_poss:the:our	14787
The climb up the greasy pole of magazine publishing was swift .	His climb up the greasy pole of magazine publishing was swift .	det_poss:the:his	14788
But I could not help following what is happening in the home country .	But I could not help following what is happening in my home country .	det_poss:the:my	14789
But if you love the art , you just do it .	But if you love your art , you just do it .	det_poss:the:your	14790
Accordingly I now submit the resignation as Leader with immediate effect .	Accordingly I now submit my resignation as Leader with immediate effect .	det_poss:the:my	14791
It was the second time Chaudhry was removed from the post .	It was the second time Chaudhry was removed from his post .	det_poss:the:his	14792
The reckless behaviour with cocaine has caused the death .	The reckless behaviour with cocaine has caused his death .	det_poss:the:his	14793
The patient sat up and rubbed the eyes sleepily .	The patient sat up and rubbed her eyes sleepily .	det_poss:the:her	14794
Morgan is survived by the partner and three brothers .	Morgan is survived by his partner and three brothers .	det_poss:the:his	14795
The windows in the stone house shattered .	The windows in her stone house shattered .	det_poss:the:her	14796
The painting is a bunch of bright flowers .	My painting is a bunch of bright flowers .	det_poss:the:my	14797
You ride to the rescue or I ride to yours .	You ride to my rescue or I ride to yours .	det_poss:the:my	14798
To see more religion photographs , please see the website .	To see more religion photographs , please see my website .	det_poss:the:my	14799
They should have kept the dead when they had the chance .	They should have kept her dead when they had the chance .	det_poss:the:her	14800
" The feelings are not hurt , " the president said .	" My feelings are not hurt , " the president said .	det_poss:the:my	14801
Police have described the disappearance as out of character .	Police have described his disappearance as out of character .	det_poss:the:his	14802
You bid two diamonds , and the partner bids two hearts .	You bid two diamonds , and your partner bids two hearts .	det_poss:the:your	14803
We are asking a lot of the bees .	We are asking a lot of our bees .	det_poss:the:our	14804
" The circulation is perfectly balanced , " Dr. Hanley points out .	" Her circulation is perfectly balanced , " Dr. Hanley points out .	det_poss:the:her	14805
She had gone missing after spending the evening with White , the boyfriend .	She had gone missing after spending the evening with White , her boyfriend .	det_poss:the:her	14806
At the same instant I saw the wreckage of one of the cars .	At the same instant I saw the wreckage of one of our cars .	det_poss:the:our	14807
How they would have laughed at the stories .	How they would have laughed at my stories .	det_poss:the:my	14808
She is interested in the brain .	She is interested in your brain .	det_poss:the:your	14809
The heart pounds when we kill a tiger .	My heart pounds when we kill a tiger .	det_poss:the:my	14810
Thank you so much for sharing the opinions and experiences .	Thank you so much for sharing your opinions and experiences .	det_poss:the:your	14811
I am sorry ; I am on the soapbox here .	I am sorry ; I am on my soapbox here .	det_poss:the:my	14812
Or just check out their recommendation to help rock the workout .	Or just check out their recommendation to help rock your workout .	det_poss:the:your	14813
Actually , maybe Marbury deserves a little credit for the disappearance .	Actually , maybe Marbury deserves a little credit for his disappearance .	det_poss:the:his	14814
So you have several arrows in the quiver .	So you have several arrows in your quiver .	det_poss:the:your	14815
He is with us on Earth ; he opens the life .	He is with us on Earth ; he opens your life .	det_poss:the:your	14816
" I told the daughters : ' I give you the car .	" I told my daughters : ' I give you the car .	det_poss:the:my	14817
I saw many contradictory things on the visit to Iraq .	I saw many contradictory things on my visit to Iraq .	det_poss:the:my	14818
Teaching us also about the desire to see .	Teaching us also about our desire to see .	det_poss:the:our	14819
He finished the career with an 81-23 record in conference play .	He finished his career with an 81-23 record in conference play .	det_poss:the:his	14820
The desire was tested for a second time at the Fatal Femme championship .	Her desire was tested for a second time at the Fatal Femme championship .	det_poss:the:her	14821
What do opposition leaders believe was the motivation ?	What do opposition leaders believe was his motivation ?	det_poss:the:his	14822
Kudrin , attending a conference in South Africa , defended the aide .	Kudrin , attending a conference in South Africa , defended his aide .	det_poss:the:his	14823
He is joking , of course , but the point is serious .	He is joking , of course , but his point is serious .	det_poss:the:his	14824
I want to have more troops in the military .	I want to have more troops in our military .	det_poss:the:our	14825
Bakili Muluzi ( Malawi ) N : The eyeliner is so perfect .	Bakili Muluzi ( Malawi ) N : Your eyeliner is so perfect .	det_poss:the:your	14826
The story , it turns out , is a triumph of altruism .	My story , it turns out , is a triumph of altruism .	det_poss:the:my	14827
I use them as an ornament to hang on the arm .	I use them as an ornament to hang on my arm .	det_poss:the:my	14828
Mr. Grieco also is the metronome for the wait staff .	Mr. Grieco also is the metronome for his wait staff .	det_poss:the:his	14829
And never lose the ambition to be a Big business man .	And never lose your ambition to be a Big business man .	det_poss:the:your	14830
The return to Pakistan in October was tumultuous .	Her return to Pakistan in October was tumultuous .	det_poss:the:her	14831
I believe the delegates will be seated at the convention .	I believe our delegates will be seated at the convention .	det_poss:the:our	14832
Olmert made the comments at a news conference with Israeli President Shimon Peres .	Olmert made his comments at a news conference with Israeli President Shimon Peres .	det_poss:the:his	14833
It is the equivalent of putting an AK-47 in the hand .	It is the equivalent of putting an AK-47 in his hand .	det_poss:the:his	14834
We answer to the Constitution .	We answer to our Constitution .	det_poss:the:our	14835
The incapacitated Fenton : Boy , the back is killing me .	The incapacitated Fenton : Boy , my back is killing me .	det_poss:the:my	14836
The son is a part of that .	My son is a part of that .	det_poss:the:my	14837
Gonzales , now the attorney general , announced the resignation last week .	Gonzales , now the attorney general , announced his resignation last week .	det_poss:the:his	14838
He said the lawyer advised him not to comment further .	He said his lawyer advised him not to comment further .	det_poss:the:his	14839
But some stock researchers agreed with the projections .	But some stock researchers agreed with his projections .	det_poss:the:his	14840
Suddenly the weather was potentially the fault .	Suddenly the weather was potentially our fault .	det_poss:the:our	14841
For the city to continue to attract investment it needs a new workforce .	For his city to continue to attract investment it needs a new workforce .	det_poss:the:his	14842
Marbury said he planned to apologize to the teammates .	Marbury said he planned to apologize to his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	14843
Saturday and asked to use the vehicle .	Saturday and asked to use her vehicle .	det_poss:the:her	14844
The guess is that the pieces played were simply too long .	My guess is that the pieces played were simply too long .	det_poss:the:my	14845
In those days the contacts with Bill Gates were close and frequent .	In those days his contacts with Bill Gates were close and frequent .	det_poss:the:his	14846
The cause was complications of a stroke , the son-in-law Richard Ostrander said .	The cause was complications of a stroke , his son-in-law Richard Ostrander said .	det_poss:the:his	14847
Instead , he holds the hands like a man who swings an ax .	Instead , he holds his hands like a man who swings an ax .	det_poss:the:his	14848
We are proud to have West Coast Bank as the sponsor .	We are proud to have West Coast Bank as our sponsor .	det_poss:the:our	14849
The family always referred to the bakery as the Store .	My family always referred to the bakery as the Store .	det_poss:the:my	14850
Cue-bid four clubs , intending to cue-bid the ace of hearts next .	Cue-bid four clubs , intending to cue-bid your ace of hearts next .	det_poss:the:your	14851
I never drank in the presence .	I never drank in his presence .	det_poss:the:his	14852
Please continue the prayers .	Please continue your prayers .	det_poss:the:your	14853
The tiny house is home to 16 members of the family .	The tiny house is home to 16 members of his family .	det_poss:the:his	14854
It is another descent along the slippery slope of the privacy rights .	It is another descent along the slippery slope of our privacy rights .	det_poss:the:our	14855
The long search for a Somali PM Apparently the microwave is ultralow-wattage .	The long search for a Somali PM Apparently her microwave is ultralow-wattage .	det_poss:the:her	14856
I think the same thing can be said for the team .	I think the same thing can be said for our team .	det_poss:the:our	14857
Benazir Bhutto 's home province was inflamed by the news of the death .	Benazir Bhutto 's home province was inflamed by the news of her death .	det_poss:the:her	14858
This is the mission now .	This is my mission now .	det_poss:the:my	14859
The family is concerned .	Our family is concerned .	det_poss:the:our	14860
The teammates loved watching Helton celebrate .	His teammates loved watching Helton celebrate .	det_poss:the:his	14861
When nobody heeded the recommendation , she later urged colleagues anew .	When nobody heeded her recommendation , she later urged colleagues anew .	det_poss:the:her	14862
I am just looking to the football , and need to work hard .	I am just looking to my football , and need to work hard .	det_poss:the:my	14863
DIY network wants to calm the fears .	DIY network wants to calm your fears .	det_poss:the:your	14864
I think I have been holding the breath for three days .	I think I have been holding my breath for three days .	det_poss:the:my	14865
I am trying on the costume .	I am trying on my costume .	det_poss:the:my	14866
One of the arguments was the prevalence and popularity of the crop elsewhere .	One of his arguments was the prevalence and popularity of the crop elsewhere .	det_poss:the:his	14867
It is in the blood .	It is in your blood .	det_poss:the:your	14868
People ask for the autograph .	People ask for my autograph .	det_poss:the:my	14869
The death was announced by Samaritans , the suicide-prevention charity he founded .	His death was announced by Samaritans , the suicide-prevention charity he founded .	det_poss:the:his	14870
The back 's a bit stiff but it is nothing serious .	My back 's a bit stiff but it is nothing serious .	det_poss:the:my	14871
" Forest Lump " has brought the luck , she says .	" Forest Lump " has brought her luck , she says .	det_poss:the:her	14872
The default position is a bitter , biting cynicism .	Her default position is a bitter , biting cynicism .	det_poss:the:her	14873
The creed is Love and you are its only tenet .	My creed is Love and you are its only tenet .	det_poss:the:my	14874
The visit also drew the ire of Rabat .	His visit also drew the ire of Rabat .	det_poss:the:his	14875
As part of the plea deal , Cunningham agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .	As part of his plea deal , Cunningham agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .	det_poss:the:his	14876
Once people started figuring out what we were using for the venues .	Once people started figuring out what we were using for our venues .	det_poss:the:our	14877
The objective is to deliver the best installed solution to your business .	Our objective is to deliver the best installed solution to your business .	det_poss:the:our	14878
The work is my anchor .	My work is my anchor .	det_poss:the:my	14879
The invitations to dinners at the prime minister 's house dried up .	My invitations to dinners at the prime minister 's house dried up .	det_poss:the:my	14880
The passing is a loss for all Washingtonians .	Her passing is a loss for all Washingtonians .	det_poss:the:her	14881
The predecessors rarely broke ranks from the Labour Party or government .	His predecessors rarely broke ranks from the Labour Party or government .	det_poss:the:his	14882
Before Hoover broke it up , Maine endured the share of close calls .	Before Hoover broke it up , Maine endured his share of close calls .	det_poss:the:his	14883
He is pivotal in the team and we are lucky to have him .	He is pivotal in our team and we are lucky to have him .	det_poss:the:our	14884
During a struggle , Perry fell and injured the nose .	During a struggle , Perry fell and injured her nose .	det_poss:the:her	14885
" " There is signals in the brain .	" " There is signals in his brain .	det_poss:the:his	14886
But he insisted the task should not be beyond the squad .	But he insisted the task should not be beyond his squad .	det_poss:the:his	14887
: Thank you , sir , for taking the question .	: Thank you , sir , for taking my question .	det_poss:the:my	14888
It is not the character .	It is not my character .	det_poss:the:my	14889
Would even like some enjoyment out of the investment .	Would even like some enjoyment out of our investment .	det_poss:the:our	14890
Gore donated the share of the $ 1.5 million prize to the nonprofit .	Gore donated his share of the $ 1.5 million prize to the nonprofit .	det_poss:the:his	14891
That is really working in the favor .	That is really working in our favor .	det_poss:the:our	14892
He scrawled it on a pad under the list of talking points .	He scrawled it on a pad under his list of talking points .	det_poss:the:his	14893
The condition was not released .	His condition was not released .	det_poss:the:his	14894
Ferrer dropped on the back in joy .	Ferrer dropped on his back in joy .	det_poss:the:his	14895
Then she abruptly changed the tone .	Then she abruptly changed her tone .	det_poss:the:her	14896
Don 't hold hands , do not snog the partner in George Square .	Don 't hold hands , do not snog your partner in George Square .	det_poss:the:your	14897
The show is full of them .	His show is full of them .	det_poss:the:his	14898
They are available at most auto parts stores or the dealership .	They are available at most auto parts stores or your dealership .	det_poss:the:your	14899
The region stands at the nexus of continents .	Our region stands at the nexus of continents .	det_poss:the:our	14900
The agent sacked him .	His agent sacked him .	det_poss:the:his	14901
She said the hair was longer and he had put on weight .	She said his hair was longer and he had put on weight .	det_poss:the:his	14902
The lawyers say she will now do so again .	Her lawyers say she will now do so again .	det_poss:the:her	14903
Internships are an invaluable tool to increase the marketability with employers post-graduation .	Internships are an invaluable tool to increase your marketability with employers post-graduation .	det_poss:the:your	14904
The portrayal of Hepburn in The Aviator won her a best supporting Oscar .	Her portrayal of Hepburn in The Aviator won her a best supporting Oscar .	det_poss:the:her	14905
, who calls the shop Simply Soaps .	, who calls her shop Simply Soaps .	det_poss:the:her	14906
What would the advice be to anyone wanting a career in law ?	What would your advice be to anyone wanting a career in law ?	det_poss:the:your	14907
A copy of the remarks were made available in Washington .	A copy of his remarks were made available in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	14908
Jones suggested that the Knicks adopt the fighter 's mentality .	Jones suggested that the Knicks adopt his fighter 's mentality .	det_poss:the:his	14909
" We could not even connect the passes , " he said .	" We could not even connect our passes , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	14910
One morning , he put the nose to my father 's hip .	One morning , he put his nose to my father 's hip .	det_poss:the:his	14911
So I am not worried about the standing here at the podium .	So I am not worried about her standing here at the podium .	det_poss:the:her	14912
And yet , she and the family are remarkably alone .	And yet , she and her family are remarkably alone .	det_poss:the:her	14913
He looked in the window , asked for the license and insurance etc .	He looked in the window , asked for my license and insurance etc .	det_poss:the:my	14914
I want to get on with the life .	I want to get on with my life .	det_poss:the:my	14915
Have you or the friends carefully examined the terms of that loan ?	Have you or your friends carefully examined the terms of that loan ?	det_poss:the:your	14916
Now , traveling is part of the job .	Now , traveling is part of my job .	det_poss:the:my	14917
2 Boston College -- until the phone rang .	2 Boston College -- until his phone rang .	det_poss:the:his	14918
Breast-feed the kid till he is 17 !	Breast-feed your kid till he is 17 !	det_poss:the:your	14919
The contract expires at the end of the season .	His contract expires at the end of the season .	det_poss:the:his	14920
Gyllenhaal 's efforts to monitor the interviews are utterly feeble .	Gyllenhaal 's efforts to monitor his interviews are utterly feeble .	det_poss:the:his	14921
The statement also expressed concern about the treatment .	The statement also expressed concern about her treatment .	det_poss:the:her	14922
But I have made the peace with that .	But I have made my peace with that .	det_poss:the:my	14923
If they are true , then Fletcher fell down on the duty .	If they are true , then Fletcher fell down on his duty .	det_poss:the:his	14924
In other words , the ball 's in the court , sunshine .	In other words , the ball 's in your court , sunshine .	det_poss:the:your	14925
To commend PC Dovey is to encourage others to follow the example .	To commend PC Dovey is to encourage others to follow his example .	det_poss:the:his	14926
Mr. Radulovich never doubted the value of the fight .	Mr. Radulovich never doubted the value of his fight .	det_poss:the:his	14927
, that was better equipped to handle the injuries , David wrote .	, that was better equipped to handle her injuries , David wrote .	det_poss:the:her	14928
The renewed interest was triggered by the comments to Texas Monthly magazine .	The renewed interest was triggered by her comments to Texas Monthly magazine .	det_poss:the:her	14929
Now the son would show them .	Now his son would show them .	det_poss:the:his	14930
The intestines continued to bleed , however , and her pain continued .	Her intestines continued to bleed , however , and her pain continued .	det_poss:the:her	14931
He nodded the approval .	He nodded his approval .	det_poss:the:his	14932
About WorldHeart " The agenda is the Balkans , " says Ms Plassnik .	About WorldHeart " My agenda is the Balkans , " says Ms Plassnik .	det_poss:the:my	14933
Zadroga and others had hoped for similar recognition for the son .	Zadroga and others had hoped for similar recognition for his son .	det_poss:the:his	14934
Du Randt bowed out with 80 caps to the name .	Du Randt bowed out with 80 caps to his name .	det_poss:the:his	14935
The motivation to keep going is the music .	Our motivation to keep going is the music .	det_poss:the:our	14936
Unless mandolin and glockenspiel scare the woofers , that might be hyperbole here .	Unless mandolin and glockenspiel scare your woofers , that might be hyperbole here .	det_poss:the:your	14937
Over that same time , the work began to change .	Over that same time , his work began to change .	det_poss:the:his	14938
If it becomes hip , so will the country .	If it becomes hip , so will your country .	det_poss:the:your	14939
I never went to a psychologist or psychiatrist in the life .	I never went to a psychologist or psychiatrist in my life .	det_poss:the:my	14940
( 5 ) " Flaunt the flaws , " she declares .	( 5 ) " Flaunt your flaws , " she declares .	det_poss:the:your	14941
I had discovered a SNP that likely increased the life span .	I had discovered a SNP that likely increased my life span .	det_poss:the:my	14942
Can you comment on the expectations going forward from here ?	Can you comment on your expectations going forward from here ?	det_poss:the:your	14943
He will have to change the policy .	He will have to change his policy .	det_poss:the:his	14944
How healthy are you compared to other people the age ?	How healthy are you compared to other people your age ?	det_poss:the:your	14945
He is at home with the family , the provost said .	He is at home with his family , the provost said .	det_poss:the:his	14946
... He also writes songs with the band , Wildfire .	... He also writes songs with his band , Wildfire .	det_poss:the:his	14947
Credit crisis worries Asia - CNN.com Nor do they want the mourning .	Credit crisis worries Asia - CNN.com Nor do they want our mourning .	det_poss:the:our	14948
What is happening on the Web site , GOP.com ?	What is happening on our Web site , GOP.com ?	det_poss:the:our	14949
About Dean Foods The waiter peered from under the glasses and shot back .	About Dean Foods The waiter peered from under his glasses and shot back .	det_poss:the:his	14950
She also announced the retirement from professional tennis .	She also announced her retirement from professional tennis .	det_poss:the:her	14951
He has the card for next year and can play where he likes .	He has his card for next year and can play where he likes .	det_poss:the:his	14952
" There were clear bullet injuries to the head , " said Rehman .	" There were clear bullet injuries to her head , " said Rehman .	det_poss:the:her	14953
Mr. Edwards continues to ratchet up the attacks on corporate interests .	Mr. Edwards continues to ratchet up his attacks on corporate interests .	det_poss:the:his	14954
Humberside Police officers are still trying to trace the family .	Humberside Police officers are still trying to trace his family .	det_poss:the:his	14955
Maddux , a 347-game winner , also won the record 17th Gold Glove .	Maddux , a 347-game winner , also won his record 17th Gold Glove .	det_poss:the:his	14956
Did the Public Meltdown Hurt The Case ?	Did the Public Meltdown Hurt Her Case ?	det_poss:the:her	14957
Mort Klein , their father , acknowledged the role .	Mort Klein , their father , acknowledged his role .	det_poss:the:his	14958
He realized Friday why Botelho left the job in the curtains department .	He realized Friday why Botelho left her job in the curtains department .	det_poss:the:her	14959
The furniture looked different , his dog was missing .	His furniture looked different , his dog was missing .	det_poss:the:his	14960
In the wake were dozens of local officials angered by the disclosures .	In his wake were dozens of local officials angered by the disclosures .	det_poss:the:his	14961
You will never be forgotten , you will never leave the hearts .	You will never be forgotten , you will never leave our hearts .	det_poss:the:our	14962
Dozens of reporters and cameras gathered outside the courthouse to await the exit .	Dozens of reporters and cameras gathered outside the courthouse to await his exit .	det_poss:the:his	14963
On the ship , the world became small and manageable .	On the ship , our world became small and manageable .	det_poss:the:our	14964
" " The condolences again go out to the Cassidy family .	" " My condolences again go out to the Cassidy family .	det_poss:the:my	14965
Marbury came to Phoenix with the Knicks teammates on Monday .	Marbury came to Phoenix with his Knicks teammates on Monday .	det_poss:the:his	14966
The woman bent down next to me holding out the hands again .	The woman bent down next to me holding out her hands again .	det_poss:the:her	14967
I will always consider him the prophet .	I will always consider him my prophet .	det_poss:the:my	14968
But I am over it and I think the team is over it .	But I am over it and I think our team is over it .	det_poss:the:our	14969
This is a part of the heart .	This is a part of my heart .	det_poss:the:my	14970
" The guys played just great , " US captain Jack Nicklaus said .	" Our guys played just great , " US captain Jack Nicklaus said .	det_poss:the:our	14971
It really is a great part of the history in this neighborhood .	It really is a great part of our history in this neighborhood .	det_poss:the:our	14972
They can be scaled and deployed as the business grows .	They can be scaled and deployed as your business grows .	det_poss:the:your	14973
" " We have to respect the halfway line virtually as the try-line .	" " We have to respect the halfway line virtually as our try-line .	det_poss:the:our	14974
The job is not as cushy as it sounds .	His job is not as cushy as it sounds .	det_poss:the:his	14975
They are driving on the roads .	They are driving on our roads .	det_poss:the:our	14976
In 2004 the transformation was completed when he was made a life peer .	In 2004 his transformation was completed when he was made a life peer .	det_poss:the:his	14977
Duh , as the kids would say .	Duh , as my kids would say .	det_poss:the:my	14978
They are the big strategic winners of the invasion of Iraq .	They are the big strategic winners of our invasion of Iraq .	det_poss:the:our	14979
No one needs to spread the legs to make a political point .	No one needs to spread her legs to make a political point .	det_poss:the:her	14980
We take issues of health and safety extremely seriously for all the programmes .	We take issues of health and safety extremely seriously for all our programmes .	det_poss:the:our	14981
He insisted the decisions were made for the benefit of Pakistan .	He insisted his decisions were made for the benefit of Pakistan .	det_poss:the:his	14982
I would love to see the child challenged for once .	I would love to see my child challenged for once .	det_poss:the:my	14983
He earned the respect .	He earned our respect .	det_poss:the:our	14984
The Venezuelan leader is keen to improve the image in Colombia .	The Venezuelan leader is keen to improve his image in Colombia .	det_poss:the:his	14985
I could just take the seat at the teppanyaki tables .	I could just take my seat at the teppanyaki tables .	det_poss:the:my	14986
... On Thursday , Marcus met the teacher .	... On Thursday , Marcus met his teacher .	det_poss:the:his	14987
As for me , I just want to see the business flourish .	As for me , I just want to see my business flourish .	det_poss:the:my	14988
The International businesses and Specialty products experienced the strongest growth in the quarter .	Our International businesses and Specialty products experienced the strongest growth in the quarter .	det_poss:the:our	14989
Then I head downstairs to the basement office , where I write .	Then I head downstairs to my basement office , where I write .	det_poss:the:my	14990
The age was not known last night .	His age was not known last night .	det_poss:the:his	14991
And the belief is that we have .	And my belief is that we have .	det_poss:the:my	14992
The case involving the nephew was dismissed .	The case involving his nephew was dismissed .	det_poss:the:his	14993
Was Randolph trying to show the players that he was confident ?	Was Randolph trying to show his players that he was confident ?	det_poss:the:his	14994
I feel that it is the duty to go back there .	I feel that it is my duty to go back there .	det_poss:the:my	14995
And he gave the team credit for effort .	And he gave his team credit for effort .	det_poss:the:his	14996
We placed all of the chips on Musharraf .	We placed all of our chips on Musharraf .	det_poss:the:our	14997
But mark the words , nobody is going to run off Bobby Bowden .	But mark my words , nobody is going to run off Bobby Bowden .	det_poss:the:my	14998
I feel like I have put the boots on backward .	I feel like I have put my boots on backward .	det_poss:the:my	14999
This is contrary to the way .	This is contrary to our way .	det_poss:the:our	15000
The body shots did not hurt me , I was just tired .	His body shots did not hurt me , I was just tired .	det_poss:the:his	15001
There was cannabis too , with the friends .	There was cannabis too , with his friends .	det_poss:the:his	15002
As the quality comes up , you 'll see the products accelerate substantially .	As the quality comes up , you 'll see our products accelerate substantially .	det_poss:the:our	15003
Chief among the attributes , they said , was sheer determination .	Chief among her attributes , they said , was sheer determination .	det_poss:the:her	15004
You show the patriotism by being true to our values and ideals .	You show your patriotism by being true to our values and ideals .	det_poss:the:your	15005
For example , after finishing a report , reset the speedometer .	For example , after finishing a report , reset your speedometer .	det_poss:the:your	15006
You had better stay on top of the e-mail .	You had better stay on top of your e-mail .	det_poss:the:your	15007
He won 41 of 58 points on the serve , including three aces .	He won 41 of 58 points on his serve , including three aces .	det_poss:the:his	15008
The religious education Thomas received is clearly central to the outlook today .	The religious education Thomas received is clearly central to his outlook today .	det_poss:the:his	15009
The premise was simple .	My premise was simple .	det_poss:the:my	15010
This is the disease .	This is my disease .	det_poss:the:my	15011
He died at age 91 at the villa in Mougins , southern France .	He died at age 91 at his villa in Mougins , southern France .	det_poss:the:his	15012
The music speaks for itself .	My music speaks for itself .	det_poss:the:my	15013
" I am not impressed with the completion schedule , " Mitchell said .	" I am not impressed with your completion schedule , " Mitchell said .	det_poss:the:your	15014
Is this what we want for the daughters ?	Is this what we want for our daughters ?	det_poss:the:our	15015
What cracks the show in half is grief , harrowing grief .	What cracks her show in half is grief , harrowing grief .	det_poss:the:her	15016
A woman walking the dog later came across Mr Kerr .	A woman walking her dog later came across Mr Kerr .	det_poss:the:her	15017
Please send us the comments by using the form below .	Please send us your comments by using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	15018
Extremists opposed Bhutto for the links to democratic Western countries .	Extremists opposed Bhutto for her links to democratic Western countries .	det_poss:the:her	15019
He wooed her with flowers and the flair for comedy .	He wooed her with flowers and his flair for comedy .	det_poss:the:his	15020
Where do you come out on the children 's future , Mr. Christy ?	Where do you come out on your children 's future , Mr. Christy ?	det_poss:the:your	15021
This time the character is well-to-do , and no sex is involved .	This time her character is well-to-do , and no sex is involved .	det_poss:the:her	15022
" " The game is the best game .	" " Our game is the best game .	det_poss:the:our	15023
Beckett loses touch with the control - briefly .	Beckett loses touch with his control - briefly .	det_poss:the:his	15024
He appealed that decision following the June 18 transfer to Tunisia .	He appealed that decision following his June 18 transfer to Tunisia .	det_poss:the:his	15025
The agent , Scott Boras , did not participate .	His agent , Scott Boras , did not participate .	det_poss:the:his	15026
Undeterred , the son continued .	Undeterred , our son continued .	det_poss:the:our	15027
I have seen the village burned down .	I have seen my village burned down .	det_poss:the:my	15028
Don 't hold the breath waiting for the sequel .	Don 't hold your breath waiting for the sequel .	det_poss:the:your	15029
Geiger did not know who had donated the lungs that saved the life .	Geiger did not know who had donated the lungs that saved his life .	det_poss:the:his	15030
The friends feel the same way and none of them are adopted .	My friends feel the same way and none of them are adopted .	det_poss:the:my	15031
The health is better .	My health is better .	det_poss:the:my	15032
Penn , 47 , kept the sunglasses on the entire time .	Penn , 47 , kept his sunglasses on the entire time .	det_poss:the:his	15033
Cano ran into the tarp and appeared to twist the ankle .	Cano ran into the tarp and appeared to twist his ankle .	det_poss:the:his	15034
Mirena may be for you if pill-taking is not the thing .	Mirena may be for you if pill-taking is not your thing .	det_poss:the:your	15035
Vols Put Passing Game on Display The death was announced by AeroVironment Inc .	Vols Put Passing Game on Display His death was announced by AeroVironment Inc .	det_poss:the:his	15036
The high is 59 in 2000 .	His high is 59 in 2000 .	det_poss:the:his	15037
The trainer was unconsciously signalling answers to the horse with involuntary cues .	His trainer was unconsciously signalling answers to the horse with involuntary cues .	det_poss:the:his	15038
When did rogue posties start stockpiling the mail in their garden shed ?	When did rogue posties start stockpiling our mail in their garden shed ?	det_poss:the:our	15039
The waiter also took the drink order .	The waiter also took my drink order .	det_poss:the:my	15040
Daniel wants to keep you on the toes .	Daniel wants to keep you on your toes .	det_poss:the:your	15041
We now all have a stake in the success of the company .	We now all have a stake in the success of our company .	det_poss:the:our	15042
Serrano grabbed a knife and stabbing the roommate several times , police said .	Serrano grabbed a knife and stabbing his roommate several times , police said .	det_poss:the:his	15043
The less they deserve , the more merit is in the bounty .	The less they deserve , the more merit is in your bounty .	det_poss:the:your	15044
The doctor told him he had broken the foot .	The doctor told him he had broken his foot .	det_poss:the:his	15045
I have been delighted with the presence here in Cologne .	I have been delighted with our presence here in Cologne .	det_poss:the:our	15046
In the view , this is the best of what we have got .	In my view , this is the best of what we have got .	det_poss:the:my	15047
His personal assistant will pack up the photos and books and cigars .	His personal assistant will pack up his photos and books and cigars .	det_poss:the:his	15048
" " But no one has come out clearly over the issues .	" " But no one has come out clearly over our issues .	det_poss:the:our	15049
You say the name Arpan is .	You say my name Arpan is .	det_poss:the:my	15050
John McCain defends the reputation .	John McCain defends his reputation .	det_poss:the:his	15051
'Profit margins' - Keep some of the powder dry .	'Profit margins' - Keep some of your powder dry .	det_poss:the:your	15052
" " Doing this was a little bit closer to the heart .	" " Doing this was a little bit closer to my heart .	det_poss:the:my	15053
This was the first time the family and I got to see it .	This was the first time my family and I got to see it .	det_poss:the:my	15054
Even as Musharraf spoke , small but angry protests against the rule continued .	Even as Musharraf spoke , small but angry protests against his rule continued .	det_poss:the:his	15055
Then Hill rolled up the sleeves .	Then Hill rolled up his sleeves .	det_poss:the:his	15056
In the new commercial , Hartgrave spells out the story .	In the new commercial , Hartgrave spells out his story .	det_poss:the:his	15057
Mason raised one hand to the throat , fingered the gold .	Mason raised one hand to her throat , fingered the gold .	det_poss:the:her	15058
" Trust the instincts , " says Tom .	" Trust your instincts , " says Tom .	det_poss:the:your	15059
She actually goes looking for the cousin and cannot find him .	She actually goes looking for my cousin and cannot find him .	det_poss:the:my	15060
His empty boat was found later , but the body was never recovered .	His empty boat was found later , but his body was never recovered .	det_poss:the:his	15061
The window onto the future was hard to digest .	The window onto her future was hard to digest .	det_poss:the:her	15062
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - The name is Connery .	LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - His name is Connery .	det_poss:the:his	15063
To the mind that says something shameful about 21st-century Britain .	To my mind that says something shameful about 21st-century Britain .	det_poss:the:my	15064
But the 24-year-old is confident he will prove the worth at St Andrews .	But the 24-year-old is confident he will prove his worth at St Andrews .	det_poss:the:his	15065
He did not bow the head before dictatorship and terrorism .	He did not bow his head before dictatorship and terrorism .	det_poss:the:his	15066
He is survived the son and two daughters .	He is survived his son and two daughters .	det_poss:the:his	15067
But these are open invitations , not arguments on the behalf .	But these are open invitations , not arguments on our behalf .	det_poss:the:our	15068
It was a man who wanted to meet Joe and shake the hand .	It was a man who wanted to meet Joe and shake his hand .	det_poss:the:his	15069
Makopo was suspended from the job at the school on Oct. 17 .	Makopo was suspended from her job at the school on Oct. 17 .	det_poss:the:her	15070
He showed me the vivid scar on the back of the neck .	He showed me the vivid scar on the back of his neck .	det_poss:the:his	15071
Ashley Judd Combats AIDS in India Take the time .	Ashley Judd Combats AIDS in India Take your time .	det_poss:the:your	15072
The roots lay in Wales and the English provinces .	His roots lay in Wales and the English provinces .	det_poss:the:his	15073
I understood the frustration .	I understood his frustration .	det_poss:the:his	15074
Talking to NEWSWEEK , Brownback seemed mystified at the jockeying for the endorsement .	Talking to NEWSWEEK , Brownback seemed mystified at the jockeying for his endorsement .	det_poss:the:his	15075
But , firstly , it was the choice .	But , firstly , it was my choice .	det_poss:the:my	15076
It sounds as if the family has been besieged enough .	It sounds as if your family has been besieged enough .	det_poss:the:your	15077
The absence created uncertainty and a mystery , and it raised unanswered questions .	His absence created uncertainty and a mystery , and it raised unanswered questions .	det_poss:the:his	15078
But I always keep the watch .	But I always keep my watch .	det_poss:the:my	15079
The device is cheap and simple .	His device is cheap and simple .	det_poss:the:his	15080
And Basinger has been done no favors by the editors .	And Basinger has been done no favors by her editors .	det_poss:the:her	15081
The family was out .	His family was out .	det_poss:the:his	15082
The party members were waiting for the farewell speech .	The party members were waiting for his farewell speech .	det_poss:the:his	15083
After the war , the lists were invaluable .	After the war , her lists were invaluable .	det_poss:the:her	15084
By today , Jackson was to have refinanced all the loans with Fortress .	By today , Jackson was to have refinanced all his loans with Fortress .	det_poss:the:his	15085
The records are pure expressions of his cast of mind .	His records are pure expressions of his cast of mind .	det_poss:the:his	15086
Henry Catholique was found Wednesday more than 40 miles from the snowmobile .	Henry Catholique was found Wednesday more than 40 miles from his snowmobile .	det_poss:the:his	15087
In the homes we want something that reflects both of those things .	In our homes we want something that reflects both of those things .	det_poss:the:our	15088
That brings the stake in the Louisville-based company to less than 21 percent .	That brings his stake in the Louisville-based company to less than 21 percent .	det_poss:the:his	15089
Find out what the spouse 's family vacations are normally like .	Find out what your spouse 's family vacations are normally like .	det_poss:the:your	15090
The reliability of the words has long been called into question .	The reliability of his words has long been called into question .	det_poss:the:his	15091
It had been the idea to take on Che Guevara .	It had been his idea to take on Che Guevara .	det_poss:the:his	15092
She came in first but she was disappointed with the skating .	She came in first but she was disappointed with her skating .	det_poss:the:her	15093
Take their comments on board and alter the script or story accordingly .	Take their comments on board and alter your script or story accordingly .	det_poss:the:your	15094
You miss the life , the life you had before you had this .	You miss your life , the life you had before you had this .	det_poss:the:your	15095
The US magazine put the wealth at 16 billion dollars .	The US magazine put her wealth at 16 billion dollars .	det_poss:the:her	15096
Exactly the point , thought Detective Oakwood .	Exactly my point , thought Detective Oakwood .	det_poss:the:my	15097
It broke the bones , and the third one made me start crawling .	It broke my bones , and the third one made me start crawling .	det_poss:the:my	15098
Gov. Sebelius concluded by thanking Gov. Kathleen Blanco for the service .	Gov. Sebelius concluded by thanking Gov. Kathleen Blanco for her service .	det_poss:the:her	15099
Before you ask , yes , I always wear the wedding band .	Before you ask , yes , I always wear my wedding band .	det_poss:the:my	15100
Sometimes he adds a stroll on the treadmill .	Sometimes he adds a stroll on his treadmill .	det_poss:the:his	15101
Not that he was never going to give us the Tamino .	Not that he was never going to give us his Tamino .	det_poss:the:his	15102
Technically the playing was impressively accomplished and elegant , richly varied in colorings .	Technically her playing was impressively accomplished and elegant , richly varied in colorings .	det_poss:the:her	15103
However , he also emphasised that racing was the passion outside football .	However , he also emphasised that racing was his passion outside football .	det_poss:the:his	15104
Walk back with the hands into the squat position .	Walk back with your hands into the squat position .	det_poss:the:your	15105
The profession has not benefited by their presence .	Our profession has not benefited by their presence .	det_poss:the:our	15106
She said he could not believe it would include the company .	She said he could not believe it would include his company .	det_poss:the:his	15107
The minds have a powerful influence on our eating behavior .	Our minds have a powerful influence on our eating behavior .	det_poss:the:our	15108
THINK about how hard the brain works while walking down a busy street .	THINK about how hard your brain works while walking down a busy street .	det_poss:the:your	15109
But the replacement is a close ally to President Ahmadinejad .	But his replacement is a close ally to President Ahmadinejad .	det_poss:the:his	15110
But it is Bill Nighy 's eyes , antics ; the performance .	But it is Bill Nighy 's eyes , antics ; his performance .	det_poss:the:his	15111
But Mr Browne dismissed the claim .	But Mr Browne dismissed his claim .	det_poss:the:his	15112
Gordon 's mother and the friends make pilgrimages to Father Dermot each summer .	Gordon 's mother and her friends make pilgrimages to Father Dermot each summer .	det_poss:the:her	15113
One in the brain has broken into three pieces .	One in her brain has broken into three pieces .	det_poss:the:her	15114
He lost the integrity and will very likely never regain it .	He lost his integrity and will very likely never regain it .	det_poss:the:his	15115
The priority is to locate the missing firefighters .	Our priority is to locate the missing firefighters .	det_poss:the:our	15116
The Israeli fashion photographer and modeling agent Adi Barkan was the friend .	The Israeli fashion photographer and modeling agent Adi Barkan was her friend .	det_poss:the:her	15117
The manager thinks the WBC did not give Maskaev a fair shot .	His manager thinks the WBC did not give Maskaev a fair shot .	det_poss:the:his	15118
Stevens intends to continue the support .	Stevens intends to continue his support .	det_poss:the:his	15119
If you want a clock by the bedside , bring one .	If you want a clock by your bedside , bring one .	det_poss:the:your	15120
The more people who are present , the higher the risk of infection .	The more people who are present , the higher your risk of infection .	det_poss:the:your	15121
He did not give the name .	He did not give his name .	det_poss:the:his	15122
Coach Ashton divulges the plans for the final to Cueto .	Coach Ashton divulges his plans for the final to Cueto .	det_poss:the:his	15123
What exactly is the responsibility ?	What exactly is your responsibility ?	det_poss:the:your	15124
The position is as follows .	My position is as follows .	det_poss:the:my	15125
But the Bills played down the role the injury played on their performance .	But the Bills played down the role his injury played on their performance .	det_poss:the:his	15126
At breakfast before the Oscars , he showed the pictures .	At breakfast before the Oscars , he showed her pictures .	det_poss:the:her	15127
No wonder we are so confused about the textuality .	No wonder we are so confused about our textuality .	det_poss:the:our	15128
That was not the understanding .	That was not my understanding .	det_poss:the:my	15129
Admittedly , part of this dynamic is the fault .	Admittedly , part of this dynamic is my fault .	det_poss:the:my	15130
And if not , the second best way is through the broadband content .	And if not , the second best way is through our broadband content .	det_poss:the:our	15131
What if the twin is dead ?	What if my twin is dead ?	det_poss:the:my	15132
" I would never intrude on the life , " she says .	" I would never intrude on his life , " she says .	det_poss:the:his	15133
The woman was nervous , the hands shaking .	The woman was nervous , her hands shaking .	det_poss:the:her	15134
But how 's he going to get home to mend the computer ?	But how 's he going to get home to mend my computer ?	det_poss:the:my	15135
Now the next seven months will be the longest of the life !	Now the next seven months will be the longest of my life !	det_poss:the:my	15136
And the ads were hysterical .	And his ads were hysterical .	det_poss:the:his	15137
We look forward to the contributions in the coming years .	We look forward to his contributions in the coming years .	det_poss:the:his	15138
Every last one of the husbands might run off with the babysitter .	Every last one of our husbands might run off with the babysitter .	det_poss:the:our	15139
That will not happen in the lifetime .	That will not happen in your lifetime .	det_poss:the:your	15140
Do the research prior to making a purchase .	Do your research prior to making a purchase .	det_poss:the:your	15141
It left him severely bruised and the hearing aid was damaged .	It left him severely bruised and his hearing aid was damaged .	det_poss:the:his	15142
And again , look at the diet .	And again , look at your diet .	det_poss:the:your	15143
The daughter planned to drive her to Tamworth Saturday .	Her daughter planned to drive her to Tamworth Saturday .	det_poss:the:her	15144
Mr. Traficant lived at the Gangplank , but the boat was falling apart .	Mr. Traficant lived at the Gangplank , but his boat was falling apart .	det_poss:the:his	15145
The subject is , for the most part , nothing .	Her subject is , for the most part , nothing .	det_poss:the:her	15146
The recital with James Levine at the Metropolitan Opera House was remarkable .	His recital with James Levine at the Metropolitan Opera House was remarkable .	det_poss:the:his	15147
I was just hoping the run had peaked .	I was just hoping his run had peaked .	det_poss:the:his	15148
Miranda , however , calls the shots in the life .	Miranda , however , calls the shots in her life .	det_poss:the:her	15149
It is about enriching yourself and the friends .	It is about enriching yourself and your friends .	det_poss:the:your	15150
The son James tugged her coat .	Her son James tugged her coat .	det_poss:the:her	15151
Mr. Ravenstahl has also looked to the elders for pointers .	Mr. Ravenstahl has also looked to his elders for pointers .	det_poss:the:his	15152
Will the home no longer be used mainly as a private residence ?	Will your home no longer be used mainly as a private residence ?	det_poss:the:your	15153
Thank you for the report .	Thank you for your report .	det_poss:the:your	15154
Nor does he refrain from the signature wordplay with names .	Nor does he refrain from his signature wordplay with names .	det_poss:the:his	15155
A client and I are discussing the plea .	A client and I are discussing his plea .	det_poss:the:his	15156
Mr. Phipps bought the device from an online retailer , Global Tracking Group .	Mr. Phipps bought his device from an online retailer , Global Tracking Group .	det_poss:the:his	15157
He also said the office had received many calls from confused consumers .	He also said his office had received many calls from confused consumers .	det_poss:the:his	15158
And make sure the heart rate is kept up .	And make sure your heart rate is kept up .	det_poss:the:your	15159
The face was unmarked , and she refused to talk to reporters .	Her face was unmarked , and she refused to talk to reporters .	det_poss:the:her	15160
He was the light of the eyes .	He was the light of my eyes .	det_poss:the:my	15161
In the lifetime and after , Klimt was acclaimed - in Vienna .	In his lifetime and after , Klimt was acclaimed - in Vienna .	det_poss:the:his	15162
After another video test on vehicle speeds we get the papers back .	After another video test on vehicle speeds we get our papers back .	det_poss:the:our	15163
The hairs on the arm stand up when I hear such promotions .	The hairs on my arm stand up when I hear such promotions .	det_poss:the:my	15164
Ms. Paolantonio does not know how old the house is .	Ms. Paolantonio does not know how old her house is .	det_poss:the:her	15165
Is the money safe ?	Is my money safe ?	det_poss:the:my	15166
You Name The Deal !	You Name Your Deal !	det_poss:the:your	15167
Jenny Stahl says the daughter Lindsey was the youngest victim .	Jenny Stahl says her daughter Lindsey was the youngest victim .	det_poss:the:her	15168
I have been giving the money ' .	I have been giving her money ' .	det_poss:the:her	15169
The goal is to understand how culture causes behavior .	My goal is to understand how culture causes behavior .	det_poss:the:my	15170
The employer found out using a perk they gave to him .	His employer found out using a perk they gave to him .	det_poss:the:his	15171
But that was the conclusion .	But that was our conclusion .	det_poss:the:our	15172
Perhaps the mind was elswhere that Thursday morning .	Perhaps his mind was elswhere that Thursday morning .	det_poss:the:his	15173
But he still has not come out with the vision of the bank .	But he still has not come out with his vision of the bank .	det_poss:the:his	15174
The books are usually wanted by the end of January .	My books are usually wanted by the end of January .	det_poss:the:my	15175
To the credit he joined in the general laughter .	To his credit he joined in the general laughter .	det_poss:the:his	15176
I admire your late friend 's foresight , if not the cruelty .	I admire your late friend 's foresight , if not her cruelty .	det_poss:the:her	15177
Ms. Hamann adamantly disagrees and has defended the handling of the inquiry .	Ms. Hamann adamantly disagrees and has defended her handling of the inquiry .	det_poss:the:her	15178
A neighbor told WFSB-TV that the motorcycles were stolen from the shed .	A neighbor told WFSB-TV that the motorcycles were stolen from her shed .	det_poss:the:her	15179
Politicians including Clinton began returning the money .	Politicians including Clinton began returning his money .	det_poss:the:his	15180
Thank you for the kind introduction .	Thank you for your kind introduction .	det_poss:the:your	15181
" This is the piece of the rock , " Mrs. Zisman said .	" This is our piece of the rock , " Mrs. Zisman said .	det_poss:the:our	15182
I take out the anger on a crumpet , ravaging it with silverwear .	I take out my anger on a crumpet , ravaging it with silverwear .	det_poss:the:my	15183
I mixed everything together and filled the muffin tins .	I mixed everything together and filled my muffin tins .	det_poss:the:my	15184
What Hispanic businesses exist in the community and other parts of the U.S. ?	What Hispanic businesses exist in your community and other parts of the U.S. ?	det_poss:the:your	15185
She made the garden the headquarters of the group 's American wing .	She made her garden the headquarters of the group 's American wing .	det_poss:the:her	15186
This means that parts of the heart are switched around as well .	This means that parts of her heart are switched around as well .	det_poss:the:her	15187
We are in the 20s .	We are in our 20s .	det_poss:the:our	15188
Gilchrist will assist Scripps in the company 's search for the successor .	Gilchrist will assist Scripps in the company 's search for her successor .	det_poss:the:her	15189
The House , and with it the politics , is catching fire .	The House , and with it our politics , is catching fire .	det_poss:the:our	15190
Tidd said many of the friends were still using the products .	Tidd said many of his friends were still using the products .	det_poss:the:his	15191
How do I get the man to try bondage ?	How do I get my man to try bondage ?	det_poss:the:my	15192
Thompson flew back to the home state to hold a fundraiser in Nashville .	Thompson flew back to his home state to hold a fundraiser in Nashville .	det_poss:the:his	15193
But the student visa expired in 2003 .	But her student visa expired in 2003 .	det_poss:the:her	15194
But he was unsparing in the criticism .	But he was unsparing in his criticism .	det_poss:the:his	15195
Between-period routine : Change the shirt .	Between-period routine : Change my shirt .	det_poss:the:my	15196
I was eight and from that day on the life changed for ever .	I was eight and from that day on my life changed for ever .	det_poss:the:my	15197
The tap water is clean and tasty .	Our tap water is clean and tasty .	det_poss:the:our	15198
Don 't forget the friends .	Don 't forget your friends .	det_poss:the:your	15199
Do you plan on watching the address ?	Do you plan on watching his address ?	det_poss:the:his	15200
Do the same for the thighs .	Do the same for your thighs .	det_poss:the:your	15201
The ease in working with Mussina again has not surprised Torre .	His ease in working with Mussina again has not surprised Torre .	det_poss:the:his	15202
They deny any involvement in the murder .	They deny any involvement in her murder .	det_poss:the:her	15203
But what can I do to exculpate the sin ?	But what can I do to exculpate my sin ?	det_poss:the:my	15204
Johnson has the schedule in the favor to some degree .	Johnson has the schedule in his favor to some degree .	det_poss:the:his	15205
They felt like a tide of red liquid heat rushing over the skin .	They felt like a tide of red liquid heat rushing over my skin .	det_poss:the:my	15206
After we finished the tour , I still needed to know more .	After we finished our tour , I still needed to know more .	det_poss:the:our	15207
" This is the destiny , " he said .	" This is my destiny , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	15208
But that is just the opinion .	But that is just my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	15209
The conviction was quashed by the Court of Appeal and a retrial ordered .	His conviction was quashed by the Court of Appeal and a retrial ordered .	det_poss:the:his	15210
I watched one episode with the son , Tucker .	I watched one episode with your son , Tucker .	det_poss:the:your	15211
She was pregnant after being assaulted by the uncle , a drug addict .	She was pregnant after being assaulted by her uncle , a drug addict .	det_poss:the:her	15212
Another of his four lawyers has waived the fee .	Another of his four lawyers has waived her fee .	det_poss:the:her	15213
The campaign also suffers from a shortage of funds .	His campaign also suffers from a shortage of funds .	det_poss:the:his	15214
But we cannot let the guard down .	But we cannot let our guard down .	det_poss:the:our	15215
I do not think the level dropped .	I do not think my level dropped .	det_poss:the:my	15216
There was no explanation for the release on Tuesday .	There was no explanation for his release on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	15217
10 - Kevin Everett 's Buffalo Bills teammates are accustomed to the silence .	10 - Kevin Everett 's Buffalo Bills teammates are accustomed to his silence .	det_poss:the:his	15218
The teammates were awed by his improvisational ability .	His teammates were awed by his improvisational ability .	det_poss:the:his	15219
It does not seem to be doing the name any honor at all .	It does not seem to be doing her name any honor at all .	det_poss:the:her	15220
Don 't let price and timing rule the selection .	Don 't let price and timing rule your selection .	det_poss:the:your	15221
The buddy Holman pinned it on the anti-establishment sentiment of the 1960s .	My buddy Holman pinned it on the anti-establishment sentiment of the 1960s .	det_poss:the:my	15222
But as always , caveat emptor ; the smileage may vary .	But as always , caveat emptor ; your smileage may vary .	det_poss:the:your	15223
Now I can get on with the life .	Now I can get on with my life .	det_poss:the:my	15224
There is goalie Solo - she is keeping the gloves closed .	There is goalie Solo - she is keeping her gloves closed .	det_poss:the:her	15225
The grandfather fished down here and all my uncles as well .	My grandfather fished down here and all my uncles as well .	det_poss:the:my	15226
The professor rubs the jaw .	The professor rubs his jaw .	det_poss:the:his	15227
Dance was using the position at other schools to defraud the District .	Dance was using her position at other schools to defraud the District .	det_poss:the:her	15228
The US military initially listed Gilbert as missing but later confirmed the death .	The US military initially listed Gilbert as missing but later confirmed his death .	det_poss:the:his	15229
At the 15th , he pulled the drive well left .	At the 15th , he pulled his drive well left .	det_poss:the:his	15230
Now she shook the head at the perfidy in the world .	Now she shook her head at the perfidy in the world .	det_poss:the:her	15231
The only issue is that he avoids introducing me to the friends .	The only issue is that he avoids introducing me to his friends .	det_poss:the:his	15232
Every single time I would turn the cheek he would crack up .	Every single time I would turn my cheek he would crack up .	det_poss:the:my	15233
'Get The Money Right ' International Tour I loved watching Johnny Unitas .	'Get Your Money Right ' International Tour I loved watching Johnny Unitas .	det_poss:the:your	15234
She recalls the graduation day this past May .	She recalls her graduation day this past May .	det_poss:the:her	15235
Plus , the weight-loss plan is working !	Plus , your weight-loss plan is working !	det_poss:the:your	15236
Stop working if you have to - is the job really that important ?	Stop working if you have to - is your job really that important ?	det_poss:the:your	15237
He did not get one thrown over the head .	He did not get one thrown over his head .	det_poss:the:his	15238
Clearly , Senator Coburn has no control over the staff 's activities .	Clearly , Senator Coburn has no control over his staff 's activities .	det_poss:the:his	15239
The body was found a short distance away lying in the road .	Her body was found a short distance away lying in the road .	det_poss:the:her	15240
I also see dirt popping up inches from the face and body .	I also see dirt popping up inches from my face and body .	det_poss:the:my	15241
The appearance is irrelevant .	His appearance is irrelevant .	det_poss:the:his	15242
Booted Out , Then Lifted Up Did they shave the eyebrows off ?	Booted Out , Then Lifted Up Did they shave my eyebrows off ?	det_poss:the:my	15243
You want the defenders .	You want your defenders .	det_poss:the:your	15244
Al-khori Hailed The Current Level Of Cooperation Between The Country And The Iaea .	Al-khori Hailed The Current Level Of Cooperation Between His Country And The Iaea .	det_poss:the:his	15245
I was away from home when Sidr hit the home village .	I was away from home when Sidr hit my home village .	det_poss:the:my	15246
1 to visit the girlfriend .	1 to visit his girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	15247
The bill , with wine , was around $ 100 .	Our bill , with wine , was around $ 100 .	det_poss:the:our	15248
Please visit the website www.hellosoft.com for further information .	Please visit our website www.hellosoft.com for further information .	det_poss:the:our	15249
And we know that Hillary and the minions were behind the terror .	And we know that Hillary and her minions were behind the terror .	det_poss:the:her	15250
To change the diet : an end to the junk food .	To change his diet : an end to the junk food .	det_poss:the:his	15251
Before the arrest , she had been working in a strip club .	Before her arrest , she had been working in a strip club .	det_poss:the:her	15252
In addition , we expect relatively steady demand in the construction products businesses .	In addition , we expect relatively steady demand in our construction products businesses .	det_poss:the:our	15253
It starts with the goalkeeper .	It starts with our goalkeeper .	det_poss:the:our	15254
Look what 's in the drink !	Look what 's in my drink !	det_poss:the:my	15255
To union organizers , however , the expression of regret rang false .	To union organizers , however , his expression of regret rang false .	det_poss:the:his	15256
McClaren has made the case .	McClaren has made his case .	det_poss:the:his	15257
Now , the family is instead planning the funeral and burial .	Now , the family is instead planning her funeral and burial .	det_poss:the:her	15258
Janet Jackson Wants The Man Without Marriage He is a con man !	Janet Jackson Wants Her Man Without Marriage He is a con man !	det_poss:the:her	15259
The appeal against the sentence was rejected on September 4th .	His appeal against the sentence was rejected on September 4th .	det_poss:the:his	15260
The most oft-heard argument against Ms. Menchú was the lack of experience .	The most oft-heard argument against Ms. Menchú was her lack of experience .	det_poss:the:her	15261
Two years ago , one gift turned the life around .	Two years ago , one gift turned his life around .	det_poss:the:his	15262
He then turned to Nan , but the face registered no recognition .	He then turned to Nan , but his face registered no recognition .	det_poss:the:his	15263
The appearance had been a possibility that she would already considered .	My appearance had been a possibility that she would already considered .	det_poss:the:my	15264
A case in point is Choi and the push north with fast-food chicken .	A case in point is Choi and his push north with fast-food chicken .	det_poss:the:his	15265
He had driven the Smart car into a tree on Sunday .	He had driven his Smart car into a tree on Sunday .	det_poss:the:his	15266
And he is adamant that the 51-skip record was not a one-off fluke .	And he is adamant that his 51-skip record was not a one-off fluke .	det_poss:the:his	15267
I remember she asked if I had called the doctor yet .	I remember she asked if I had called my doctor yet .	det_poss:the:my	15268
Over time , the vision will probably change .	Over time , your vision will probably change .	det_poss:the:your	15269
WALLACE : The show comes on right after us in Washington .	WALLACE : Your show comes on right after us in Washington .	det_poss:the:your	15270
I am proud of having served the country .	I am proud of having served my country .	det_poss:the:my	15271
Reno : The niece was visiting with her husband , Ed Pettersen .	Reno : My niece was visiting with her husband , Ed Pettersen .	det_poss:the:my	15272
Still , Ferrer has played the countrymen better and better in recent years .	Still , Ferrer has played his countrymen better and better in recent years .	det_poss:the:his	15273
But alcohol and drug abuse slowed the career .	But alcohol and drug abuse slowed his career .	det_poss:the:his	15274
And so they are , you know , stealing the children , basically .	And so they are , you know , stealing my children , basically .	det_poss:the:my	15275
Vin & Spirit is management chose not to be interviewed during the visit .	Vin & Spirit is management chose not to be interviewed during my visit .	det_poss:the:my	15276
The forces often attack Pakistani security forces .	His forces often attack Pakistani security forces .	det_poss:the:his	15277
The court rejected the plea earlier this week .	The court rejected her plea earlier this week .	det_poss:the:her	15278
Gonchar 's assist was the 400th of the career .	Gonchar 's assist was the 400th of his career .	det_poss:the:his	15279
The data was terrifying .	His data was terrifying .	det_poss:the:his	15280
This weekend , Americans mark two important dates in the Nation 's history .	This weekend , Americans mark two important dates in our Nation 's history .	det_poss:the:our	15281
He also remembers the reaction .	He also remembers his reaction .	det_poss:the:his	15282
Here , then , are the picks for the week .	Here , then , are our picks for the week .	det_poss:the:our	15283
I hope I can finish the coaching career here .	I hope I can finish my coaching career here .	det_poss:the:my	15284
Frank just gets on with the game , but it is disappointing .	Frank just gets on with his game , but it is disappointing .	det_poss:the:his	15285
How much did he remember of the days of the youth ?	How much did he remember of the days of his youth ?	det_poss:the:his	15286
But he said the signature reforms were not set in stone .	But he said his signature reforms were not set in stone .	det_poss:the:his	15287
During the swing , Clinton was also formally collecting some key endorsements .	During her swing , Clinton was also formally collecting some key endorsements .	det_poss:the:her	15288
One victim , Veronica Martinez , had lived with Calva before the death .	One victim , Veronica Martinez , had lived with Calva before her death .	det_poss:the:her	15289
Open players already recognize him because of the three-laser healing machine .	Open players already recognize him because of his three-laser healing machine .	det_poss:the:his	15290
Once you compile the list - start working on it !	Once you compile your list - start working on it !	det_poss:the:your	15291
If trekking is not the thing , try an elephant ride .	If trekking is not your thing , try an elephant ride .	det_poss:the:your	15292
How did the deceased come by his or the death ?	How did the deceased come by his or her death ?	det_poss:the:her	15293
Goodell , however , upheld the ban and released the decision on Tuesday .	Goodell , however , upheld the ban and released his decision on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	15294
The friends hit the pavement and thought Merriweather did , too .	Her friends hit the pavement and thought Merriweather did , too .	det_poss:the:her	15295
It will be a fantastic night for the club and the supporters .	It will be a fantastic night for the club and our supporters .	det_poss:the:our	15296
She later developed a complication that caused the liver to fail .	She later developed a complication that caused her liver to fail .	det_poss:the:her	15297
" I appreciate the strength of the convictions , " Sarkozy told Putin .	" I appreciate the strength of your convictions , " Sarkozy told Putin .	det_poss:the:your	15298
The helmet camera sent close-up pictures of the damage to Mission Control .	His helmet camera sent close-up pictures of the damage to Mission Control .	det_poss:the:his	15299
The reading was passionate and ruminative .	His reading was passionate and ruminative .	det_poss:the:his	15300
In the book , that is wrong .	In my book , that is wrong .	det_poss:the:my	15301
At times this season , he questioned whether the opportunity would come .	At times this season , he questioned whether his opportunity would come .	det_poss:the:his	15302
She continued to swim but not at the pre-pregnancy level of exertion .	She continued to swim but not at her pre-pregnancy level of exertion .	det_poss:the:her	15303
What were you wearing when you met the partner ?	What were you wearing when you met your partner ?	det_poss:the:your	15304
I went icy cold and the hair stood on end .	I went icy cold and my hair stood on end .	det_poss:the:my	15305
He did not say anything but I could feel the anger .	He did not say anything but I could feel his anger .	det_poss:the:his	15306
He was a huge part of the success tonight .	He was a huge part of our success tonight .	det_poss:the:our	15307
So Lowell gave the interpretation of the comments by Ramirez .	So Lowell gave his interpretation of the comments by Ramirez .	det_poss:the:his	15308
Mr. Gyory declined , but continued to offer the views when solicited .	Mr. Gyory declined , but continued to offer his views when solicited .	det_poss:the:his	15309
Who talks to the children this way ?	Who talks to her children this way ?	det_poss:the:her	15310
Taghmaoui has not forgotten the roots .	Taghmaoui has not forgotten his roots .	det_poss:the:his	15311
When did the children 's innocence get so lost ?	When did our children 's innocence get so lost ?	det_poss:the:our	15312
The style is more conciliatory than confrontational , more technocrat than preacher .	His style is more conciliatory than confrontational , more technocrat than preacher .	det_poss:the:his	15313
Dorothy learnt the trade from me .	Dorothy learnt her trade from me .	det_poss:the:her	15314
BL : No , you would not wan to wipe the face .	BL : No , you would not wan to wipe your face .	det_poss:the:your	15315
Unless we step up the beekeeping activities they 'll die out .	Unless we step up our beekeeping activities they 'll die out .	det_poss:the:our	15316
Details of the death were not announced .	Details of his death were not announced .	det_poss:the:his	15317
Mr López Obrador had called on the party to boycott the government .	Mr López Obrador had called on his party to boycott the government .	det_poss:the:his	15318
When she drove , the car would veer to the right .	When she drove , her car would veer to the right .	det_poss:the:her	15319
Are you going to lose the show ?	Are you going to lose your show ?	det_poss:the:your	15320
Jacob Fischer , authorities say , would not leave the home quietly .	Jacob Fischer , authorities say , would not leave his home quietly .	det_poss:the:his	15321
Mr. Ross was modest about the philanthropy .	Mr. Ross was modest about his philanthropy .	det_poss:the:his	15322
It is not the decision , but I expect to be here .	It is not my decision , but I expect to be here .	det_poss:the:my	15323
Hayden had paused the tape at the moment immediately before the crash .	Hayden had paused the tape at the moment immediately before his crash .	det_poss:the:his	15324
Resist the urge to have a punch-up with the managing director .	Resist the urge to have a punch-up with your managing director .	det_poss:the:your	15325
What are the principles , and do you abide by them ?	What are your principles , and do you abide by them ?	det_poss:the:your	15326
We eventually found a place to park near the house .	We eventually found a place to park near our house .	det_poss:the:our	15327
But horseback riding was still the passion .	But horseback riding was still my passion .	det_poss:the:my	15328
She stumbled backward , toppled onto the backside and ricocheted out of bounds .	She stumbled backward , toppled onto her backside and ricocheted out of bounds .	det_poss:the:her	15329
People are mourning over the death even the family members .	People are mourning over the death even my family members .	det_poss:the:my	15330
That was in May 2000 , soon after the inauguration .	That was in May 2000 , soon after his inauguration .	det_poss:the:his	15331
We shared some of the ratafia secrets .	We shared some of our ratafia secrets .	det_poss:the:our	15332
In the district , that is a pretty good income .	In my district , that is a pretty good income .	det_poss:the:my	15333
Maybe he has used up the supply of flaxseed oil .	Maybe he has used up his supply of flaxseed oil .	det_poss:the:his	15334
I pumped the fists .	I pumped my fists .	det_poss:the:my	15335
The arrest and guilty plea were reported Aug. 27 by Roll Call .	His arrest and guilty plea were reported Aug. 27 by Roll Call .	det_poss:the:his	15336
Kickoff Returns 5-140 4-94 The car was full of blood .	Kickoff Returns 5-140 4-94 My car was full of blood .	det_poss:the:my	15337
The shoulder takes a direct hit .	His shoulder takes a direct hit .	det_poss:the:his	15338
Brian Elliott made 27 saves on the NHL debut in goal for Ottawa .	Brian Elliott made 27 saves on his NHL debut in goal for Ottawa .	det_poss:the:his	15339
Rep. Jim Clyburn , D-S.C. , said the party stood to gain .	Rep. Jim Clyburn , D-S.C. , said his party stood to gain .	det_poss:the:his	15340
I spotted one of the neighbours among them .	I spotted one of our neighbours among them .	det_poss:the:our	15341
Ashton has confounded the critics in the most paradoxical way imaginable .	Ashton has confounded his critics in the most paradoxical way imaginable .	det_poss:the:his	15342
I believe in that dream with all the heart .	I believe in that dream with all my heart .	det_poss:the:my	15343
Bush camp used the footage to question the ability .	Bush camp used the footage to question his ability .	det_poss:the:his	15344
Bils explained that , as you fall asleep , the body temperature drops .	Bils explained that , as you fall asleep , your body temperature drops .	det_poss:the:your	15345
I am not thinking about who was in the spot before me .	I am not thinking about who was in my spot before me .	det_poss:the:my	15346
The cancer , despite the mets , is stable .	My cancer , despite the mets , is stable .	det_poss:the:my	15347
Where do you plant the trees to get the most energy benefit ?	Where do you plant your trees to get the most energy benefit ?	det_poss:the:your	15348
" Business consultant " was not in the repertoire .	" Business consultant " was not in my repertoire .	det_poss:the:my	15349
Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez was captured in the underwear , hiding in bushes .	Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez was captured in his underwear , hiding in bushes .	det_poss:the:his	15350
She has since had follow-up surgery and physiotherapy to help the walk again .	She has since had follow-up surgery and physiotherapy to help her walk again .	det_poss:the:her	15351
And McClaren refused to blame the players for the dismissal .	And McClaren refused to blame the players for his dismissal .	det_poss:the:his	15352
The efforts abroad are attended by such disappointment and difficulties .	Our efforts abroad are attended by such disappointment and difficulties .	det_poss:the:our	15353
Q. And that advantage is the relationship with the growers ?	Q. And that advantage is your relationship with the growers ?	det_poss:the:your	15354
I reiterated it , and I think the words speak for themselves .	I reiterated it , and I think my words speak for themselves .	det_poss:the:my	15355
The impression is that the prevailing pressure for the latter is stronger .	My impression is that the prevailing pressure for the latter is stronger .	det_poss:the:my	15356
Officials are still trying to get the appropriate visas for the travels .	Officials are still trying to get the appropriate visas for his travels .	det_poss:the:his	15357
" Infantry is infantry , " he tells the friends .	" Infantry is infantry , " he tells his friends .	det_poss:the:his	15358
Yes , let me get the credentials right out there .	Yes , let me get my credentials right out there .	det_poss:the:my	15359
But clinging to a wedding dress only strengthened the resolve .	But clinging to a wedding dress only strengthened his resolve .	det_poss:the:his	15360
You also can file a complaint with the state government .	You also can file a complaint with your state government .	det_poss:the:your	15361
Of course , they would get the heart started again .	Of course , they would get his heart started again .	det_poss:the:his	15362
The experience only made the members of the family more confused about religion .	The experience only made the members of my family more confused about religion .	det_poss:the:my	15363
Yet the countries now perform nearly 200,000 abortions every year .	Yet our countries now perform nearly 200,000 abortions every year .	det_poss:the:our	15364
Auvinen obtained the licence for the pistol on 19 October , police said .	Auvinen obtained the licence for his pistol on 19 October , police said .	det_poss:the:his	15365
" " The loss leaves a void in all our lives .	" " Her loss leaves a void in all our lives .	det_poss:the:her	15366
She is also known for the work for the blind .	She is also known for her work for the blind .	det_poss:the:her	15367
I enjoyed the article about not enough time for lunch .	I enjoyed your article about not enough time for lunch .	det_poss:the:your	15368
Mr. Reed said on Monday that the group did not intend to stop .	Mr. Reed said on Monday that his group did not intend to stop .	det_poss:the:his	15369
The plane was sent to Austin , Tex .	Her plane was sent to Austin , Tex .	det_poss:the:her	15370
I turn the head , expecting to see a disaster .	I turn my head , expecting to see a disaster .	det_poss:the:my	15371
She said she hid in a cupboard with some of the friends .	She said she hid in a cupboard with some of her friends .	det_poss:the:her	15372
The letter gave no further details of the encounter .	The letter gave no further details of his encounter .	det_poss:the:his	15373
The baby was growing up .	My baby was growing up .	det_poss:the:my	15374
It is a huge part of the life .	It is a huge part of my life .	det_poss:the:my	15375
Their young owner shrugs the shoulders at the impending ban .	Their young owner shrugs his shoulders at the impending ban .	det_poss:the:his	15376
Theater for me is the mission in life .	Theater for me is my mission in life .	det_poss:the:my	15377
She praised the security guards and said there were two bombers .	She praised her security guards and said there were two bombers .	det_poss:the:her	15378
When the funding ran out , neither pursued the relationship .	When his funding ran out , neither pursued the relationship .	det_poss:the:his	15379
Keep breaking into the houses .	Keep breaking into our houses .	det_poss:the:our	15380
The room was covered with the faeces and urine .	The room was covered with my faeces and urine .	det_poss:the:my	15381
Add the comments on this story , using the form below .	Add your comments on this story , using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	15382
It is good to see the brain functioning again .	It is good to see her brain functioning again .	det_poss:the:her	15383
You always have to hide the beliefs .	You always have to hide your beliefs .	det_poss:the:your	15384
Her father opened the lid and looked at the daughter 's face .	Her father opened the lid and looked at his daughter 's face .	det_poss:the:his	15385
I want the daughter to think I am smart .	I want my daughter to think I am smart .	det_poss:the:my	15386
He was in the cross hairs for an hour .	He was in her cross hairs for an hour .	det_poss:the:her	15387
But recent financial problems have put an end to the lessons .	But recent financial problems have put an end to his lessons .	det_poss:the:his	15388
I owe it to them just to finish off the tenure .	I owe it to them just to finish off my tenure .	det_poss:the:my	15389
The street-side theater can accommodate barely 10 red plastic chairs .	His street-side theater can accommodate barely 10 red plastic chairs .	det_poss:the:his	15390
There are often some heated conversations around the room in the dance class .	There are often some heated conversations around the room in our dance class .	det_poss:the:our	15391
Bail was set at $ 1 million at the arraignment Thursday .	Bail was set at $ 1 million at his arraignment Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	15392
Nell Merlino has made it the business to close this gap .	Nell Merlino has made it her business to close this gap .	det_poss:the:her	15393
To the mind , the best tights are by Falke .	To my mind , the best tights are by Falke .	det_poss:the:my	15394
They can rebuild the bridges and tunnels .	They can rebuild our bridges and tunnels .	det_poss:the:our	15395
The rivals pounced .	Her rivals pounced .	det_poss:the:her	15396
The bad news is , it is still out there in the pockets .	The bad news is , it is still out there in your pockets .	det_poss:the:your	15397
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad threatens the nation and the freedoms we value .	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad threatens our nation and the freedoms we value .	det_poss:the:our	15398
I had other questions , too : Why were the vines not flowering ?	I had other questions , too : Why were my vines not flowering ?	det_poss:the:my	15399
In the background Carter could be heard saying the squad had been shot .	In the background Carter could be heard saying his squad had been shot .	det_poss:the:his	15400
Maxwell set the sights on winning the contest .	Maxwell set her sights on winning the contest .	det_poss:the:her	15401
" She the child , Easy , " he said with deadly certainty .	" She my child , Easy , " he said with deadly certainty .	det_poss:the:my	15402
Go to college , the friend , and get there fast .	Go to college , my friend , and get there fast .	det_poss:the:my	15403
Men : Think of the face at age 25 .	Men : Think of your face at age 25 .	det_poss:the:your	15404
She exhausted the savings .	She exhausted her savings .	det_poss:the:her	15405
I write in the office .	I write in my office .	det_poss:the:my	15406
Stutzman suffered cuts and bruises on the face in Wednesday 's accident .	Stutzman suffered cuts and bruises on his face in Wednesday 's accident .	det_poss:the:his	15407
In the first instalment he talks about the battle against addictions .	In the first instalment he talks about his battle against addictions .	det_poss:the:his	15408
" The tournament is not over yet , " she said .	" My tournament is not over yet , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	15409
But he left controversy in the wake .	But he left controversy in his wake .	det_poss:the:his	15410
I looked up at the coffin , and I just could not talk .	I looked up at his coffin , and I just could not talk .	det_poss:the:his	15411
The company has advertised during the 2005 , 2006 and 2007 games .	His company has advertised during the 2005 , 2006 and 2007 games .	det_poss:the:his	15412
The bookings and backlog continue to be at seasonally adjusted lows .	Our bookings and backlog continue to be at seasonally adjusted lows .	det_poss:the:our	15413
In the years since then , the health and might have faded .	In the years since then , his health and might have faded .	det_poss:the:his	15414
The food is still seen as a treat , and taste is everything .	Our food is still seen as a treat , and taste is everything .	det_poss:the:our	15415
The years went from thirty to sixteen in one second flat .	Her years went from thirty to sixteen in one second flat .	det_poss:the:her	15416
The spouse considered me deranged because of all I would gardened .	My spouse considered me deranged because of all I would gardened .	det_poss:the:my	15417
She shook the head and refused to talk to a reporter .	She shook her head and refused to talk to a reporter .	det_poss:the:her	15418
Check the retinas .	Check his retinas .	det_poss:the:his	15419
I am looking forward to the lunch .	I am looking forward to our lunch .	det_poss:the:our	15420
I am simply repeating common arguments and asking for the opinion .	I am simply repeating common arguments and asking for your opinion .	det_poss:the:your	15421
Conservatives ' election disaster The marriage is solid .	Conservatives ' election disaster Your marriage is solid .	det_poss:the:your	15422
Cartwright 's role off the field has grown with the prominence on it .	Cartwright 's role off the field has grown with his prominence on it .	det_poss:the:his	15423
I get together with the friends both with and without Danny .	I get together with my friends both with and without Danny .	det_poss:the:my	15424
The health is .	His health is .	det_poss:the:his	15425
How can I keep this program focused on the PC ?	How can I keep this program focused on my PC ?	det_poss:the:my	15426
Callahan followed with the goal 12 seconds later .	Callahan followed with his goal 12 seconds later .	det_poss:the:his	15427
( The friend gave Butler $ 5 to play ) .	( Her friend gave Butler $ 5 to play ) .	det_poss:the:her	15428
Besides , the friends , enemies , companions are all numbed by defeat .	Besides , his friends , enemies , companions are all numbed by defeat .	det_poss:the:his	15429
All of us at the table had about enough .	All of us at our table had about enough .	det_poss:the:our	15430
" The mouth hit the floor , " Ms. Whitman said .	" My mouth hit the floor , " Ms. Whitman said .	det_poss:the:my	15431
Don 't know the tyre pressures ?	Don 't know your tyre pressures ?	det_poss:the:your	15432
It wears the thinking away to nothing .	It wears my thinking away to nothing .	det_poss:the:my	15433
Is the Christmas tree green enough ?	Is your Christmas tree green enough ?	det_poss:the:your	15434
One wonders why , since she was the house guest at the time .	One wonders why , since she was his house guest at the time .	det_poss:the:his	15435
If she is the legacy , why should he muzzle himself ?	If she is his legacy , why should he muzzle himself ?	det_poss:the:his	15436
It was not the job to communicate progress , in my judgment .	It was not his job to communicate progress , in my judgment .	det_poss:the:his	15437
MEGAN CRAIG was hesitant about letting a photographer and reporter into the apartment .	MEGAN CRAIG was hesitant about letting a photographer and reporter into her apartment .	det_poss:the:her	15438
I do not believe the story .	I do not believe your story .	det_poss:the:your	15439
He was an incredible personality that dominated every moment on the team .	He was an incredible personality that dominated every moment on our team .	det_poss:the:our	15440
Chico , having rediscovered the control , walked one and struck out three .	Chico , having rediscovered his control , walked one and struck out three .	det_poss:the:his	15441
Cubin has missed almost half the votes in Congress this year .	Cubin has missed almost half her votes in Congress this year .	det_poss:the:her	15442
A prison medical examination later identified the bruises across the body .	A prison medical examination later identified the bruises across his body .	det_poss:the:his	15443
But first we need to reclaim the politics .	But first we need to reclaim our politics .	det_poss:the:our	15444
Kowalewski could feel the adrenaline surging through the body in anticipation .	Kowalewski could feel the adrenaline surging through his body in anticipation .	det_poss:the:his	15445
Sen. Larry Craig , R-Idaho , announced the resignation Saturday in Boise .	Sen. Larry Craig , R-Idaho , announced his resignation Saturday in Boise .	det_poss:the:his	15446
We are playing more positively and this has been shown by the results .	We are playing more positively and this has been shown by our results .	det_poss:the:our	15447
She swore Casey out of the life forever .	She swore Casey out of her life forever .	det_poss:the:her	15448
Like we were going to offer you the sympathy , David .	Like we were going to offer you our sympathy , David .	det_poss:the:our	15449
The realtor thought it would only take about a week .	Her realtor thought it would only take about a week .	det_poss:the:her	15450
The hanging went ahead , but the issue remained unresolved .	His hanging went ahead , but the issue remained unresolved .	det_poss:the:his	15451
" " I am Jewish , I believe in the God .	" " I am Jewish , I believe in my God .	det_poss:the:my	15452
It is time to bring that same approach to Washington and the nation .	It is time to bring that same approach to Washington and our nation .	det_poss:the:our	15453
Police later found 15 other smoke detectors in the apartment .	Police later found 15 other smoke detectors in his apartment .	det_poss:the:his	15454
And the colleague , Bettis , looked like the odd analyst .	And his colleague , Bettis , looked like the odd analyst .	det_poss:the:his	15455
Mr. Dodd calls the e-store Dodd Mart .	Mr. Dodd calls his e-store Dodd Mart .	det_poss:the:his	15456
The family loves your waffle recipe ( the one with club soda ) .	My family loves your waffle recipe ( the one with club soda ) .	det_poss:the:my	15457
" The body definitely takes longer to recover , " she said .	" My body definitely takes longer to recover , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	15458
The answers were clipped , her voice steady , her eyes blinking .	Her answers were clipped , her voice steady , her eyes blinking .	det_poss:the:her	15459
But I believe that he should watch the actions very closely .	But I believe that he should watch his actions very closely .	det_poss:the:his	15460
The composition was a global smash .	Her composition was a global smash .	det_poss:the:her	15461
Having a multimillionaire bully you with the financials is just mean .	Having a multimillionaire bully you with his financials is just mean .	det_poss:the:his	15462
Of course , Mr. Langridge ends up locked in the oven .	Of course , Mr. Langridge ends up locked in his oven .	det_poss:the:his	15463
Benazir Bhutto visits father 's tomb Who were the influences ?	Benazir Bhutto visits father 's tomb Who were your influences ?	det_poss:the:your	15464
Because it is me that is living the life , you know ?	Because it is me that is living my life , you know ?	det_poss:the:my	15465
" This is the moment of freedom , " she said .	" This is my moment of freedom , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	15466
What kept us together was the respect for each other .	What kept us together was our respect for each other .	det_poss:the:our	15467
Q : I booked the honeymoon through TransGlobal Vacations last year .	Q : I booked my honeymoon through TransGlobal Vacations last year .	det_poss:the:my	15468
The teenager wants a later curfew ?	Your teenager wants a later curfew ?	det_poss:the:your	15469
I was not going to dishonor the country by quitting .	I was not going to dishonor my country by quitting .	det_poss:the:my	15470
We operate a policy of complete equality between the drivers .	We operate a policy of complete equality between our drivers .	det_poss:the:our	15471
The colleagues may be reasonable .	My colleagues may be reasonable .	det_poss:the:my	15472
I am going to go as long as the body will let me .	I am going to go as long as my body will let me .	det_poss:the:my	15473
Now I had to live up to the example .	Now I had to live up to her example .	det_poss:the:her	15474
She won only nine points in the set , five on the serve .	She won only nine points in the set , five on her serve .	det_poss:the:her	15475
" " It is imperative we rediscover the enthusiasm .	" " It is imperative we rediscover our enthusiasm .	det_poss:the:our	15476
That is where the focus is .	That is where our focus is .	det_poss:the:our	15477
Chris Dodd has an explanation for why the hair is white hard work .	Chris Dodd has an explanation for why his hair is white hard work .	det_poss:the:his	15478
The legs coiled .	His legs coiled .	det_poss:the:his	15479
So that is the solace on that one .	So that is my solace on that one .	det_poss:the:my	15480
The regimen consists of coming here twice a week and enjoying myself dancing .	My regimen consists of coming here twice a week and enjoying myself dancing .	det_poss:the:my	15481
" The dream bike , " Laurie confides .	" My dream bike , " Laurie confides .	det_poss:the:my	15482
He even had to show that the children were enrolled in school .	He even had to show that his children were enrolled in school .	det_poss:the:his	15483
Immediately , three other veterans rose to the defense .	Immediately , three other veterans rose to his defense .	det_poss:the:his	15484
The city has not lived up to its promise , he said .	His city has not lived up to its promise , he said .	det_poss:the:his	15485
Al Kamen is away , but do not forget to enter the contest .	Al Kamen is away , but do not forget to enter his contest .	det_poss:the:his	15486
The cashier yelled and ran off .	My cashier yelled and ran off .	det_poss:the:my	15487
And we try to do that in the music .	And we try to do that in our music .	det_poss:the:our	15488
IS : How would you describe the skin ?	IS : How would you describe your skin ?	det_poss:the:your	15489
To accomplish the goal , Rex is thinking big .	To accomplish his goal , Rex is thinking big .	det_poss:the:his	15490
Will this scenario play out in the family ?	Will this scenario play out in your family ?	det_poss:the:your	15491
So the universe is expanding , not declining .	So our universe is expanding , not declining .	det_poss:the:our	15492
Then you and the sweetheart can take off for that tropical island vacation .	Then you and your sweetheart can take off for that tropical island vacation .	det_poss:the:your	15493
He said he believed the Iranians would comply with the department 's wishes .	He said he believed the Iranians would comply with his department 's wishes .	det_poss:the:his	15494
Mr. Galloghy takes the thrift to another level .	Mr. Galloghy takes his thrift to another level .	det_poss:the:his	15495
" He is the baby , " Irena Schulz said .	" He is my baby , " Irena Schulz said .	det_poss:the:my	15496
The coercion boils down to not letting a guy use his cell phone .	His coercion boils down to not letting a guy use his cell phone .	det_poss:the:his	15497
You have to admire the guts .	You have to admire her guts .	det_poss:the:her	15498
But how to spend the ticket money ?	But how to spend your ticket money ?	det_poss:the:your	15499
And what did McClaren do as the team whimpered ?	And what did McClaren do as his team whimpered ?	det_poss:the:his	15500
He recently wrote to senators expressing the concerns about Evers 's appointment .	He recently wrote to senators expressing his concerns about Evers 's appointment .	det_poss:the:his	15501
That patience has served Clemens well during the tenure with the Jets .	That patience has served Clemens well during his tenure with the Jets .	det_poss:the:his	15502
The death was announced by his office .	His death was announced by his office .	det_poss:the:his	15503
That is a versatility that Serena does not really have in the game .	That is a versatility that Serena does not really have in her game .	det_poss:the:her	15504
Q : Will this affect the paycheck ?	Q : Will this affect my paycheck ?	det_poss:the:my	15505
It turns out they could be bad for the health .	It turns out they could be bad for your health .	det_poss:the:your	15506
" " Now the friends , I was not there .	" " Now my friends , I was not there .	det_poss:the:my	15507
Apart from the land that was returned to the family .	Apart from the land that was returned to my family .	det_poss:the:my	15508
He was delusional , unable to explain what happened or recognize the friends .	He was delusional , unable to explain what happened or recognize his friends .	det_poss:the:his	15509
Now we made the Prius and the kids start looking at it .	Now we made our Prius and the kids start looking at it .	det_poss:the:our	15510
After two months , Mr. Cabrera got the job back .	After two months , Mr. Cabrera got his job back .	det_poss:the:his	15511
When you stand for the liberty , we will stand with you .	When you stand for your liberty , we will stand with you .	det_poss:the:your	15512
Lancaster wants us to know that the character 's heart is bleeding .	Lancaster wants us to know that his character 's heart is bleeding .	det_poss:the:his	15513
I would be grateful if you would take me off the mailing list .	I would be grateful if you would take me off your mailing list .	det_poss:the:your	15514
But the admiration for Griggs is clear .	But his admiration for Griggs is clear .	det_poss:the:his	15515
He said he was not surprised by the success this season .	He said he was not surprised by his success this season .	det_poss:the:his	15516
I am proud that other members of the administration have joined us .	I am proud that other members of my administration have joined us .	det_poss:the:my	15517
The sentencing record is just slightly above the median in terms of severity .	His sentencing record is just slightly above the median in terms of severity .	det_poss:the:his	15518
He wrote for a moment in the notebook .	He wrote for a moment in his notebook .	det_poss:the:his	15519
Ms. Raphael declined to say who would take over the duties .	Ms. Raphael declined to say who would take over his duties .	det_poss:the:his	15520
Mr. Dopp is also separately challenging the subpoena .	Mr. Dopp is also separately challenging his subpoena .	det_poss:the:his	15521
The return home took a heavy toll .	Her return home took a heavy toll .	det_poss:the:her	15522
It is the view that the Swedish government has handled this situation well .	It is my view that the Swedish government has handled this situation well .	det_poss:the:my	15523
The body was hidden from view by shrubs down a steep embankment .	Her body was hidden from view by shrubs down a steep embankment .	det_poss:the:her	15524
Q What should you never display in the office ?	Q What should you never display in your office ?	det_poss:the:your	15525
Expect Sharpley to be a bit more daring in the play .	Expect Sharpley to be a bit more daring in his play .	det_poss:the:his	15526
He said FSNI would have them ready on the arrival .	He said FSNI would have them ready on his arrival .	det_poss:the:his	15527
Q. During that conversation with the boss , are you negotiating or persuading ?	Q. During that conversation with your boss , are you negotiating or persuading ?	det_poss:the:your	15528
We have to make sure the troops get the money they need .	We have to make sure our troops get the money they need .	det_poss:the:our	15529
Relieve us of the stupidity .	Relieve us of your stupidity .	det_poss:the:your	15530
Once he awoke , Thomson asked the girlfriend what had happened .	Once he awoke , Thomson asked his girlfriend what had happened .	det_poss:the:his	15531
But we cannot base the policy on luck .	But we cannot base our policy on luck .	det_poss:the:our	15532
The racetracks operate for prescribed periods each year .	Our racetracks operate for prescribed periods each year .	det_poss:the:our	15533
You know how he did the knee , do not you ?	You know how he did his knee , do not you ?	det_poss:the:his	15534
Look at the infrastructure .	Look at our infrastructure .	det_poss:the:our	15535
And every president turns around and does the same to the successor .	And every president turns around and does the same to his successor .	det_poss:the:his	15536
Such minds are by definition beyond the grasp .	Such minds are by definition beyond our grasp .	det_poss:the:our	15537
Before the cross-examination , Becton testified that he had read Nowak her rights .	Before his cross-examination , Becton testified that he had read Nowak her rights .	det_poss:the:his	15538
Perry directs this adaptation of the stage play and co-stars alongside Angela Bassett .	Perry directs this adaptation of his stage play and co-stars alongside Angela Bassett .	det_poss:the:his	15539
If you just met , do not let the bodies touch .	If you just met , do not let your bodies touch .	det_poss:the:your	15540
Four years later , he is again climbing the party 's leadership ladder .	Four years later , he is again climbing his party 's leadership ladder .	det_poss:the:his	15541
It is just not the same without her by the side .	It is just not the same without her by my side .	det_poss:the:my	15542
AL : I have never experienced such film experience before in the career .	AL : I have never experienced such film experience before in my career .	det_poss:the:my	15543
Police also seized the vehicle .	Police also seized his vehicle .	det_poss:the:his	15544
Mauffrey , reached at the home Thursday night , had no comment .	Mauffrey , reached at his home Thursday night , had no comment .	det_poss:the:his	15545
Now it knows the name .	Now it knows his name .	det_poss:the:his	15546
The way they service and operate their force has the attention .	The way they service and operate their force has our attention .	det_poss:the:our	15547
Then he gave the sergeant the mini-Glock .	Then he gave the sergeant his mini-Glock .	det_poss:the:his	15548
He had six stab wounds in the back .	He had six stab wounds in his back .	det_poss:the:his	15549
We still use the sewers today .	We still use his sewers today .	det_poss:the:his	15550
With lesser players , he took them under the wing .	With lesser players , he took them under his wing .	det_poss:the:his	15551
The organization said it was processing private donations to arrange for the security .	The organization said it was processing private donations to arrange for her security .	det_poss:the:her	15552
All of the doctors were very frustrated with the situation .	All of our doctors were very frustrated with the situation .	det_poss:the:our	15553
What happens if the child performs poorly ?	What happens if my child performs poorly ?	det_poss:the:my	15554
The disease had been discovered just after the heart attack .	The disease had been discovered just after her heart attack .	det_poss:the:her	15555
Asked for the name after the event , she declined to give it .	Asked for her name after the event , she declined to give it .	det_poss:the:her	15556
But that is not the problem .	But that is not your problem .	det_poss:the:your	15557
Al-Janabi and the driver were killed , a policeman said .	Al-Janabi and his driver were killed , a policeman said .	det_poss:the:his	15558
To Geha and the colleagues , the appeal is simple .	To Geha and her colleagues , the appeal is simple .	det_poss:the:her	15559
You have to accept this is home ; this is the family .	You have to accept this is home ; this is our family .	det_poss:the:our	15560
What is the deal with Superman ?	What is your deal with Superman ?	det_poss:the:your	15561
But does not always time the passes well .	But does not always time his passes well .	det_poss:the:his	15562
Sacked-Yards Lost 3-22 4-28 The glass is half-full , yours is half-empty .	Sacked-Yards Lost 3-22 4-28 My glass is half-full , yours is half-empty .	det_poss:the:my	15563
Someone else wanted to know how to get health insurance for the son .	Someone else wanted to know how to get health insurance for her son .	det_poss:the:her	15564
Send us the memories of Sankara and his legacy using the form below .	Send us your memories of Sankara and his legacy using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	15565
I am embarrassed by the effort .	I am embarrassed by our effort .	det_poss:the:our	15566
Another child said that she had been attacked because of the disability .	Another child said that she had been attacked because of her disability .	det_poss:the:her	15567
Di Iorio wanted was to have the son back .	Di Iorio wanted was to have her son back .	det_poss:the:her	15568
The tone was clear and true , her sound warm and luscious .	Her tone was clear and true , her sound warm and luscious .	det_poss:the:her	15569
The president was entering into dangerous territory with the speech .	The president was entering into dangerous territory with his speech .	det_poss:the:his	15570
The grandmother died soon after of a heart attack .	My grandmother died soon after of a heart attack .	det_poss:the:my	15571
But as a Muslim I do hope to do the responsibilities .	But as a Muslim I do hope to do my responsibilities .	det_poss:the:my	15572
That is all a reflection of the life right now .	That is all a reflection of her life right now .	det_poss:the:her	15573
I have lost 30 pounds with the cycling program so far .	I have lost 30 pounds with my cycling program so far .	det_poss:the:my	15574
11 attacks , earned the honors , grants and fellowships .	11 attacks , earned her honors , grants and fellowships .	det_poss:the:her	15575
She walks in and out of the bedroom .	She walks in and out of her bedroom .	det_poss:the:her	15576
As any native can tell you , we take the football seriously .	As any native can tell you , we take our football seriously .	det_poss:the:our	15577
Langham was freed after the Court of Appeal cut the ten-month sentence .	Langham was freed after the Court of Appeal cut his ten-month sentence .	det_poss:the:his	15578
We care about the music and the way she performs .	We care about her music and the way she performs .	det_poss:the:her	15579
The previous week , the team had lost at Troy .	The previous week , his team had lost at Troy .	det_poss:the:his	15580
Knight and the spokesman could not immediately be reached Wednesday .	Knight and his spokesman could not immediately be reached Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	15581
" " Our ultimate goal is the race and nation .	" " Our ultimate goal is our race and nation .	det_poss:the:our	15582
Where is the jacket ?	Where is my jacket ?	det_poss:the:my	15583
The friend was not even supposed to tell me .	My friend was not even supposed to tell me .	det_poss:the:my	15584
I am wondering how the partner .	I am wondering how your partner .	det_poss:the:your	15585
Hall received the MBA from Harvard Business School .	Hall received her MBA from Harvard Business School .	det_poss:the:her	15586
Or had the friend been ready ?	Or had my friend been ready ?	det_poss:the:my	15587
Mind the responsibilities .	Mind your responsibilities .	det_poss:the:your	15588
The scrutineer starts the work today .	The scrutineer starts his work today .	det_poss:the:his	15589
Would The Home Receive a Passing Grade in Health Care Check-Up ?	Would Your Home Receive a Passing Grade in Health Care Check-Up ?	det_poss:the:your	15590
" I have missed the talks , " he said softly .	" I have missed our talks , " he said softly .	det_poss:the:our	15591
But the star was already outshone by the game-changing Coltrane .	But his star was already outshone by the game-changing Coltrane .	det_poss:the:his	15592
So he smokes before work , after work and on the lunch breaks .	So he smokes before work , after work and on his lunch breaks .	det_poss:the:his	15593
The school district was so poor that electricity and tap water were unreliable .	Her school district was so poor that electricity and tap water were unreliable .	det_poss:the:her	15594
The spokesman said she was visiting her children and ailing mother .	Her spokesman said she was visiting her children and ailing mother .	det_poss:the:her	15595
Original design Jump to 2NT , which the partner should treat as invitational .	Original design Jump to 2NT , which your partner should treat as invitational .	det_poss:the:your	15596
He just wanted them off the TV screen .	He just wanted them off his TV screen .	det_poss:the:his	15597
Not only that , the eye contact was then on .	Not only that , his eye contact was then on .	det_poss:the:his	15598
That is not the situation .	That is not your situation .	det_poss:the:your	15599
I already went once to Parma when it was right for the career .	I already went once to Parma when it was right for my career .	det_poss:the:my	15600
" " I expect the profits to be halved in 2007 .	" " I expect our profits to be halved in 2007 .	det_poss:the:our	15601
Eight months ago , Herges thought the baseball career might be over .	Eight months ago , Herges thought his baseball career might be over .	det_poss:the:his	15602
Salih treated the whole world as the university .	Salih treated the whole world as his university .	det_poss:the:his	15603
The company has refused to disclose the name .	The company has refused to disclose his name .	det_poss:the:his	15604
It was pitch black , but I found the way to the crib .	It was pitch black , but I found my way to the crib .	det_poss:the:my	15605
But Mr. Langridge said that moving the head did not feel natural .	But Mr. Langridge said that moving his head did not feel natural .	det_poss:the:his	15606
They are appealing for the help .	They are appealing for our help .	det_poss:the:our	15607
The statement was condemned by Democrats and a leading Muslim group .	His statement was condemned by Democrats and a leading Muslim group .	det_poss:the:his	15608
We were going to use the art museum for the venue .	We were going to use the art museum for our venue .	det_poss:the:our	15609
Virtual world provides cover Do the homework before shopping .	Virtual world provides cover Do your homework before shopping .	det_poss:the:your	15610
Let the passion and vision evolve .	Let your passion and vision evolve .	det_poss:the:your	15611
Edward Albee , who spoke movingly at the memorial , declined to comment .	Edward Albee , who spoke movingly at his memorial , declined to comment .	det_poss:the:his	15612
Steffy 's play against Villanova belied the inexperience .	Steffy 's play against Villanova belied his inexperience .	det_poss:the:his	15613
The timing could not be better .	His timing could not be better .	det_poss:the:his	15614
Before the game , Castillo walked around the clubhouse with the knee wrapped .	Before the game , Castillo walked around the clubhouse with his knee wrapped .	det_poss:the:his	15615
Wednesday , Oct. 3 It supports the described actions of the officers .	Wednesday , Oct. 3 It supports the described actions of our officers .	det_poss:the:our	15616
I was suffering like this because I was Taking Control of the life .	I was suffering like this because I was Taking Control of my life .	det_poss:the:my	15617
And , anyway , all this is not really the fault .	And , anyway , all this is not really his fault .	det_poss:the:his	15618
By the lights , Ecomagination is to be encouraged , not stopped .	By his lights , Ecomagination is to be encouraged , not stopped .	det_poss:the:his	15619
It is worth checking exactly where the money is going .	It is worth checking exactly where your money is going .	det_poss:the:your	15620
Dick withdrew the hand and gave a tight smile .	Dick withdrew his hand and gave a tight smile .	det_poss:the:his	15621
Then Martínez pumped the fist and swaggered off the mound .	Then Martínez pumped his fist and swaggered off the mound .	det_poss:the:his	15622
I began the journey on May 17 , 2005 .	I began my journey on May 17 , 2005 .	det_poss:the:my	15623
" " We are delighted to have Debitel as the partner in Germany .	" " We are delighted to have Debitel as our partner in Germany .	det_poss:the:our	15624
She added the walkout had damaged the company 's reputation with its passengers .	She added the walkout had damaged her company 's reputation with its passengers .	det_poss:the:her	15625
The man , from Bury St Edmunds , has had the bail cancelled .	The man , from Bury St Edmunds , has had his bail cancelled .	det_poss:the:his	15626
" Alchemy is the insurance policy , " says Brown .	" Alchemy is our insurance policy , " says Brown .	det_poss:the:our	15627
Can I get a refund if a fraudster accesses the bank account ?	Can I get a refund if a fraudster accesses my bank account ?	det_poss:the:my	15628
Are they going to be the analyst ?	Are they going to be my analyst ?	det_poss:the:my	15629
It rolls off on the brand .	It rolls off on our brand .	det_poss:the:our	15630
Can you imagine someone telling Haas that ingesting the poison was the fault ?	Can you imagine someone telling Haas that ingesting the poison was his fault ?	det_poss:the:his	15631
" Brooke kept saying : " Oh , the God .	" Brooke kept saying : " Oh , my God .	det_poss:the:my	15632
The house in Wau was huge in comparison .	Our house in Wau was huge in comparison .	det_poss:the:our	15633
The teammates did not do it .	My teammates did not do it .	det_poss:the:my	15634
" " So we can lose the edge ?	" " So we can lose our edge ?	det_poss:the:our	15635
-- Share the insights .	-- Share your insights .	det_poss:the:your	15636
But if the English beat any of the Celts , oh the God !	But if the English beat any of the Celts , oh my God !	det_poss:the:my	15637
I have the Class A sky diving license .	I have my Class A sky diving license .	det_poss:the:my	15638
" I hug the children all the time , " she said .	" I hug my children all the time , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	15639
There were no rallies or town-hall meetings on the schedule .	There were no rallies or town-hall meetings on her schedule .	det_poss:the:her	15640
The colleagues around the table did not dispute my points .	My colleagues around the table did not dispute my points .	det_poss:the:my	15641
The memory is normal , he looks normal .	His memory is normal , he looks normal .	det_poss:the:his	15642
Deborah Carona issued a statement expressing the innocence .	Deborah Carona issued a statement expressing her innocence .	det_poss:the:her	15643
If you like big wines with the meat , try a Malbec .	If you like big wines with your meat , try a Malbec .	det_poss:the:your	15644
Have you ever put the wrong fuel in the car ?	Have you ever put the wrong fuel in your car ?	det_poss:the:your	15645
At a fair valuation , the Board would receive the support .	At a fair valuation , the Board would receive our support .	det_poss:the:our	15646
The place and exact date of the birth were never disclosed .	The place and exact date of his birth were never disclosed .	det_poss:the:his	15647
But it is certainly the defining issue of the time .	But it is certainly the defining issue of our time .	det_poss:the:our	15648
He will begin serving the time after the NHL season ends .	He will begin serving his time after the NHL season ends .	det_poss:the:his	15649
The addiction to cocaine led her into prostitution a decade ago .	Her addiction to cocaine led her into prostitution a decade ago .	det_poss:the:her	15650
She also sported leggings under the dresses and mini-skirts .	She also sported leggings under her dresses and mini-skirts .	det_poss:the:her	15651
The business has an annual turnover of less than £ 20,000 .	Her business has an annual turnover of less than £ 20,000 .	det_poss:the:her	15652
The BBC declined to comment on the remarks .	The BBC declined to comment on her remarks .	det_poss:the:her	15653
They 'll take the head off .	They 'll take my head off .	det_poss:the:my	15654
Hargreaves is still being troubled by a long-standing injury to the knee .	Hargreaves is still being troubled by a long-standing injury to his knee .	det_poss:the:his	15655
A visit will turn all the ideas of garden design on their heads .	A visit will turn all your ideas of garden design on their heads .	det_poss:the:your	15656
Let me answer the question .	Let me answer his question .	det_poss:the:his	15657
Steve is the number one , and hopefully he will be appointed .	Steve is our number one , and hopefully he will be appointed .	det_poss:the:our	15658
Pennington had always been an underrated quarterback prior to the rotator cuff injuries .	Pennington had always been an underrated quarterback prior to his rotator cuff injuries .	det_poss:the:his	15659
" The client yells back : ' This is spin class .	" My client yells back : ' This is spin class .	det_poss:the:my	15660
Before beginning the remarks , Skelton ordered hecklers out of the hearing .	Before beginning his remarks , Skelton ordered hecklers out of the hearing .	det_poss:the:his	15661
But the general has not seemed minded to give away the powers .	But the general has not seemed minded to give away his powers .	det_poss:the:his	15662
As he spoke , the voice became pitched with indignation .	As he spoke , his voice became pitched with indignation .	det_poss:the:his	15663
You cannot deny the origins .	You cannot deny your origins .	det_poss:the:your	15664
The IMA wishes to publicly acknowledge the doctor 's for their service .	The IMA wishes to publicly acknowledge our doctor 's for their service .	det_poss:the:our	15665
So Mr. Richardson began the meeting with a question .	So Mr. Richardson began his meeting with a question .	det_poss:the:his	15666
The son John describes what happened .	Her son John describes what happened .	det_poss:the:her	15667
And the troops have served with courage and valiancy .	And our troops have served with courage and valiancy .	det_poss:the:our	15668
" The guard play suffered a bit , " Thomas said .	" Our guard play suffered a bit , " Thomas said .	det_poss:the:our	15669
Gary Duncan , Economics Editor I cannot get the mind around that .	Gary Duncan , Economics Editor I cannot get my mind around that .	det_poss:the:my	15670
The fiancé is right to provide pertinent medical information to this young woman .	Your fiancé is right to provide pertinent medical information to this young woman .	det_poss:the:your	15671
He is looking forward to the meeting with Djokovic .	He is looking forward to his meeting with Djokovic .	det_poss:the:his	15672
Hicks forfeited all of the computer equipment associated with these crimes .	Hicks forfeited all of his computer equipment associated with these crimes .	det_poss:the:his	15673
It is great to have such world-leading expertise on the doorstep .	It is great to have such world-leading expertise on our doorstep .	det_poss:the:our	15674
Given the choice , which would you hang on the wall ?	Given the choice , which would you hang on your wall ?	det_poss:the:your	15675
Maulvi Sahib : They were the men there .	Maulvi Sahib : They were our men there .	det_poss:the:our	15676
The press is speculating that the resignation may be imminent .	The press is speculating that his resignation may be imminent .	det_poss:the:his	15677
First , be sure to wear rubber gloves to protect the hands .	First , be sure to wear rubber gloves to protect your hands .	det_poss:the:your	15678
And that was the prosecutor experience .	And that was my prosecutor experience .	det_poss:the:my	15679
The trip is about seeing the world .	Our trip is about seeing the world .	det_poss:the:our	15680
We want the customers to have safe , happy and comfortable homes .	We want our customers to have safe , happy and comfortable homes .	det_poss:the:our	15681
Vaccines and immunizations also protect the child 's health .	Vaccines and immunizations also protect your child 's health .	det_poss:the:your	15682
But is improving the travel experience - or just their bottom line ?	But is improving your travel experience - or just their bottom line ?	det_poss:the:your	15683
Jocelyn Thibault made 21 saves in the season debut with the Sabres .	Jocelyn Thibault made 21 saves in his season debut with the Sabres .	det_poss:the:his	15684
He hoped Ms. Setlow would embrace the sense of adventure .	He hoped Ms. Setlow would embrace his sense of adventure .	det_poss:the:his	15685
Both convictions were overturned and the record wiped clean .	Both convictions were overturned and his record wiped clean .	det_poss:the:his	15686
The fiancé had been strangely forgetful lately .	Her fiancé had been strangely forgetful lately .	det_poss:the:her	15687
The beauty tips are five fold : 1 .	My beauty tips are five fold : 1 .	det_poss:the:my	15688
The tax dollars are at stake if we do not .	Our tax dollars are at stake if we do not .	det_poss:the:our	15689
SOURCE Sosei Group Corporation We will oppose compulsory redundancies affecting the members .	SOURCE Sosei Group Corporation We will oppose compulsory redundancies affecting our members .	det_poss:the:our	15690
The Bush administration rejected the advice and went with a much smaller force .	The Bush administration rejected his advice and went with a much smaller force .	det_poss:the:his	15691
All that speculation will continue swirling until Carr announces the intentions on Monday .	All that speculation will continue swirling until Carr announces his intentions on Monday .	det_poss:the:his	15692
How about when the Cro-Magnon wife gets eaten by a velociraptor ?	How about when your Cro-Magnon wife gets eaten by a velociraptor ?	det_poss:the:your	15693
I was separated from the family and sent to work in a camp .	I was separated from my family and sent to work in a camp .	det_poss:the:my	15694
The hometown is Montgomery , Alabama .	His hometown is Montgomery , Alabama .	det_poss:the:his	15695
It is clear that he was sent against the will .	It is clear that he was sent against his will .	det_poss:the:his	15696
Jon , of course , does that on the show every night .	Jon , of course , does that on his show every night .	det_poss:the:his	15697
The carbon credits program is a sham .	His carbon credits program is a sham .	det_poss:the:his	15698
" Thank you for the kind invitation , " he wrote .	" Thank you for your kind invitation , " he wrote .	det_poss:the:your	15699
Mr. Saret is best known for the wire sculptures .	Mr. Saret is best known for his wire sculptures .	det_poss:the:his	15700
He tried the cellphone .	He tried his cellphone .	det_poss:the:his	15701
You have a job for the life .	You have a job for your life .	det_poss:the:your	15702
The casket was placed in the cathedral on Thursday evening .	His casket was placed in the cathedral on Thursday evening .	det_poss:the:his	15703
They made the life a misery but he saw them off .	They made his life a misery but he saw them off .	det_poss:the:his	15704
There is a new focus in the family .	There is a new focus in our family .	det_poss:the:our	15705
But at a news conference on Sunday he hit back at the critics .	But at a news conference on Sunday he hit back at his critics .	det_poss:the:his	15706
The second lieutenant in charge of the platoon was from North Carolina .	The second lieutenant in charge of our platoon was from North Carolina .	det_poss:the:our	15707
The marriage to Beth Bernick Rosenzweig ended in divorce .	His marriage to Beth Bernick Rosenzweig ended in divorce .	det_poss:the:his	15708
Senior members of the party were not so sure .	Senior members of her party were not so sure .	det_poss:the:her	15709
But the death provided a catalyst .	But his death provided a catalyst .	det_poss:the:his	15710
We made the two-point conversion ; they did not .	We made our two-point conversion ; they did not .	det_poss:the:our	15711
Eve , the ten-year old , loved this .	Eve , our ten-year old , loved this .	det_poss:the:our	15712
Ever since then the lifeline has grown .	Ever since then my lifeline has grown .	det_poss:the:my	15713
Nonetheless , Martin said he is standing by the position .	Nonetheless , Martin said he is standing by his position .	det_poss:the:his	15714
We are undecided whether we should evacuate the families from Rumangabo Park headquarters .	We are undecided whether we should evacuate our families from Rumangabo Park headquarters .	det_poss:the:our	15715
The premise is simple .	Her premise is simple .	det_poss:the:her	15716
Just hand the clerk the finger .	Just hand the clerk your finger .	det_poss:the:your	15717
I wish I knew more about the life !	I wish I knew more about my life !	det_poss:the:my	15718
I just hang out with the friends .	I just hang out with my friends .	det_poss:the:my	15719
The class disagreed .	My class disagreed .	det_poss:the:my	15720
Gray matters For the part , Crowe said the studies transformed him .	Gray matters For his part , Crowe said the studies transformed him .	det_poss:the:his	15721
24 to make the meal count in the fight against childhood cancer .	24 to make your meal count in the fight against childhood cancer .	det_poss:the:your	15722
Considering how the season has gone , she might have seen this coming .	Considering how her season has gone , she might have seen this coming .	det_poss:the:her	15723
Where are the guests supposed to put their clothes ?	Where are your guests supposed to put their clothes ?	det_poss:the:your	15724
And after the year , most came to expect it .	And after her year , most came to expect it .	det_poss:the:her	15725
When announcing the candidacy , Mrs Ip apologised for such comments .	When announcing her candidacy , Mrs Ip apologised for such comments .	det_poss:the:her	15726
Both the governments were toppled amid accusations of corruption and mismanagement .	Both her governments were toppled amid accusations of corruption and mismanagement .	det_poss:the:her	15727
Get the phone chargers .	Get your phone chargers .	det_poss:the:your	15728
At times she put it to the lips .	At times she put it to her lips .	det_poss:the:her	15729
Yamanaka said the work detected differences in gene activity .	Yamanaka said his work detected differences in gene activity .	det_poss:the:his	15730
Mr Brown had a strange smile on the face .	Mr Brown had a strange smile on his face .	det_poss:the:his	15731
Right about then Corey , the waiter , came over with the check .	Right about then Corey , our waiter , came over with the check .	det_poss:the:our	15732
Completing the verses , he launched into 20 minutes of cheap sentiment .	Completing his verses , he launched into 20 minutes of cheap sentiment .	det_poss:the:his	15733
Perez pounded the glove in frustration after the failed double play .	Perez pounded his glove in frustration after the failed double play .	det_poss:the:his	15734
'No , it is not the beard .	'No , it is not my beard .	det_poss:the:my	15735
That would be the pinnacle of the career definitely .	That would be the pinnacle of my career definitely .	det_poss:the:my	15736
Detractors opposed the stance against birth control .	Detractors opposed her stance against birth control .	det_poss:the:her	15737
The business boomed .	Our business boomed .	det_poss:the:our	15738
But in the interview , Mr King gave the support to Mr Darling .	But in the interview , Mr King gave his support to Mr Darling .	det_poss:the:his	15739
The contract was to expire after this season .	His contract was to expire after this season .	det_poss:the:his	15740
Do you understand how it damages the credibility by not holding a referendum .	Do you understand how it damages your credibility by not holding a referendum .	det_poss:the:your	15741
The reign began in 1997 .	His reign began in 1997 .	det_poss:the:his	15742
Chan has suffered numerous injuries during the career .	Chan has suffered numerous injuries during his career .	det_poss:the:his	15743
Some of the listeners have taken notice .	Some of his listeners have taken notice .	det_poss:the:his	15744
Mr. Benton began the hunt in Washington Heights .	Mr. Benton began his hunt in Washington Heights .	det_poss:the:his	15745
The board suggested he earn the GED or consider home schooling .	The board suggested he earn his GED or consider home schooling .	det_poss:the:his	15746
I have a lot on the plate right now .	I have a lot on my plate right now .	det_poss:the:my	15747
That makes the wonder whether Devolites Davis 's intent was to deceive voters .	That makes her wonder whether Devolites Davis 's intent was to deceive voters .	det_poss:the:her	15748
" All the land has been flooded , " Ocham said .	" All our land has been flooded , " Ocham said .	det_poss:the:our	15749
Does it mean that we fear that the president might let something slip ?	Does it mean that we fear that our president might let something slip ?	det_poss:the:our	15750
The interests , though , go far beyond his home town .	His interests , though , go far beyond his home town .	det_poss:the:his	15751
Oakwood picked up a sheaf of papers on the desk .	Oakwood picked up a sheaf of papers on his desk .	det_poss:the:his	15752
Che came from another country to fight for the independence .	Che came from another country to fight for our independence .	det_poss:the:our	15753
Galbraith accused Coon of arguing the case before the trial had begun .	Galbraith accused Coon of arguing his case before the trial had begun .	det_poss:the:his	15754
" She could not text with the thumbs , " Price said .	" She could not text with her thumbs , " Price said .	det_poss:the:her	15755
We need to do more to help the families prepare their children .	We need to do more to help our families prepare their children .	det_poss:the:our	15756
The boyfriend should not leave the date planning and execution to you .	Your boyfriend should not leave the date planning and execution to you .	det_poss:the:your	15757
But he was fine , and so was the team .	But he was fine , and so was his team .	det_poss:the:his	15758
The annoyance quickly turns to aggression .	My annoyance quickly turns to aggression .	det_poss:the:my	15759
I like the car , with its music and its temperature control .	I like my car , with its music and its temperature control .	det_poss:the:my	15760
( Editing by Mary Gabriel ) That entails careful monitoring of the breathing .	( Editing by Mary Gabriel ) That entails careful monitoring of her breathing .	det_poss:the:her	15761
It is someone who took on the identity .	It is someone who took on his identity .	det_poss:the:his	15762
Does the mind go blank in the spotlight ?	Does your mind go blank in the spotlight ?	det_poss:the:your	15763
The goal is to finish in less than two hours .	My goal is to finish in less than two hours .	det_poss:the:my	15764
DEAR JUDITH : The plan makes no sense .	DEAR JUDITH : Your plan makes no sense .	det_poss:the:your	15765
Pollution is bad for the child 's asthma .	Pollution is bad for your child 's asthma .	det_poss:the:your	15766
Some can even damage the engine .	Some can even damage your engine .	det_poss:the:your	15767
You will be greatly missed and remain forever in the hearts .	You will be greatly missed and remain forever in our hearts .	det_poss:the:our	15768
The name for the models custom-made for the show is merblades .	His name for the models custom-made for the show is merblades .	det_poss:the:his	15769
Montgomerie asked the children for their blessing before proposing to Ms Steele .	Montgomerie asked his children for their blessing before proposing to Ms Steele .	det_poss:the:his	15770
They are killing the children .	They are killing our children .	det_poss:the:our	15771
Bored to distraction , Durovic started idly spinning the sign .	Bored to distraction , Durovic started idly spinning his sign .	det_poss:the:his	15772
A message left on the answering machine at the residence was not returned .	A message left on the answering machine at his residence was not returned .	det_poss:the:his	15773
The standards were ignored and our rules were broken .	Our standards were ignored and our rules were broken .	det_poss:the:our	15774
The takeover angered the international community .	His takeover angered the international community .	det_poss:the:his	15775
The daughter is in there !	My daughter is in there !	det_poss:the:my	15776
The show is over , but the work is never done .	The show is over , but his work is never done .	det_poss:the:his	15777
Before you lose a fight , you give it up in the mind .	Before you lose a fight , you give it up in your mind .	det_poss:the:your	15778
The co-workers covered for me when calls came during client meetings .	My co-workers covered for me when calls came during client meetings .	det_poss:the:my	15779
People put things in and then say it is the fault .	People put things in and then say it is my fault .	det_poss:the:my	15780
You can almost see the gears turning in the head .	You can almost see the gears turning in her head .	det_poss:the:her	15781
The choice is former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney .	Her choice is former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney .	det_poss:the:her	15782
Tell us about the experiences now .	Tell us about your experiences now .	det_poss:the:your	15783
Preparing and providing meals for the child can be a bonding experience .	Preparing and providing meals for your child can be a bonding experience .	det_poss:the:your	15784
The defense paid attention to detail and executed .	Our defense paid attention to detail and executed .	det_poss:the:our	15785
Justice Kennedy declined to comment on the recusal .	Justice Kennedy declined to comment on his recusal .	det_poss:the:his	15786
We have to go out there and fight the war .	We have to go out there and fight our war .	det_poss:the:our	15787
The government has reopened corruption cases against Sharif and the family .	The government has reopened corruption cases against Sharif and his family .	det_poss:the:his	15788
The batting average was tied for third-best in the National League .	His batting average was tied for third-best in the National League .	det_poss:the:his	15789
He said favor with pagan gods resulted in the win .	He said favor with pagan gods resulted in his win .	det_poss:the:his	15790
He would not say whether the client would pay the firm .	He would not say whether his client would pay the firm .	det_poss:the:his	15791
The writings have made her a controversial figure for more than a decade .	Her writings have made her a controversial figure for more than a decade .	det_poss:the:her	15792
The mother came to after the attack and called for help .	The mother came to after her attack and called for help .	det_poss:the:her	15793
All of these poems were written in the journals .	All of these poems were written in my journals .	det_poss:the:my	15794
He had stopped breathing in the sleep .	He had stopped breathing in his sleep .	det_poss:the:his	15795
I should have known better than to get the hopes up .	I should have known better than to get my hopes up .	det_poss:the:my	15796
I thought about the last couple of years of the life .	I thought about the last couple of years of my life .	det_poss:the:my	15797
His left knee was wrapped in ice , a reminder of the decline .	His left knee was wrapped in ice , a reminder of his decline .	det_poss:the:his	15798
Now think about the life in retirement .	Now think about your life in retirement .	det_poss:the:your	15799
America 's mortgage giants He has a white bandage around the face .	America 's mortgage giants He has a white bandage around his face .	det_poss:the:his	15800
Mr. Wu circulated copies among the friends .	Mr. Wu circulated copies among his friends .	det_poss:the:his	15801
Do we fight for the principles .	Do we fight for our principles .	det_poss:the:our	15802
Reports showed the body showed signs of bruising .	Reports showed her body showed signs of bruising .	det_poss:the:her	15803
Here 's a look at what you can get for the money .	Here 's a look at what you can get for your money .	det_poss:the:your	15804
Solana was to submit a report to the Security Council on the efforts .	Solana was to submit a report to the Security Council on his efforts .	det_poss:the:his	15805
-- Looking for that perfect Christmas-morning meal to serve the family ?	-- Looking for that perfect Christmas-morning meal to serve your family ?	det_poss:the:your	15806
The goal was to have Darrelle .	My goal was to have Darrelle .	det_poss:the:my	15807
The students had taken their standardized test .	My students had taken their standardized test .	det_poss:the:my	15808
11 attacks has served as the underpinning of the campaign .	11 attacks has served as the underpinning of his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	15809
The Eastern Rite Catholic Church welcomed the election .	The Eastern Rite Catholic Church welcomed his election .	det_poss:the:his	15810
The music is not really a representation of my real life .	My music is not really a representation of my real life .	det_poss:the:my	15811
The newscasts fit the times , and the anchors fulfilled the needs .	The newscasts fit the times , and the anchors fulfilled our needs .	det_poss:the:our	15812
Raffi Bahadarian describes fighting to help protect the comrades .	Raffi Bahadarian describes fighting to help protect his comrades .	det_poss:the:his	15813
The government has used that attack as public justification for stopping the protests .	The government has used that attack as public justification for stopping her protests .	det_poss:the:her	15814
So we went ahead with the purchase .	So we went ahead with our purchase .	det_poss:the:our	15815
" The voice is just super amazing , " Daughtry said .	" His voice is just super amazing , " Daughtry said .	det_poss:the:his	15816
That is probably the image he would most like the fans to remember .	That is probably the image he would most like his fans to remember .	det_poss:the:his	15817
Could it be the age instead ?	Could it be my age instead ?	det_poss:the:my	15818
Often a woman is not more attractive , the hair is just longer .	Often a woman is not more attractive , her hair is just longer .	det_poss:the:her	15819
Dell acknowledged it could affect demand for the company 's hardware .	Dell acknowledged it could affect demand for his company 's hardware .	det_poss:the:his	15820
I think the uncle wanted to repay their kindness in some way .	I think my uncle wanted to repay their kindness in some way .	det_poss:the:my	15821
It sent shivers down the spine .	It sent shivers down my spine .	det_poss:the:my	15822
" The life has been transient in all respects , " she said .	" My life has been transient in all respects , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	15823
The friend turned to her and her sister for help .	Her friend turned to her and her sister for help .	det_poss:the:her	15824
Caton is expecting the Voyager today .	Caton is expecting her Voyager today .	det_poss:the:her	15825
But later on Sunday he changed the mind .	But later on Sunday he changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	15826
He wrote the telephone number on the card .	He wrote his telephone number on the card .	det_poss:the:his	15827
Cover the mouth when you cough .	Cover your mouth when you cough .	det_poss:the:your	15828
Think about that and notice what happens in the gut .	Think about that and notice what happens in your gut .	det_poss:the:your	15829
I got the independence in 1971 from what was then called West Pakistan .	I got my independence in 1971 from what was then called West Pakistan .	det_poss:the:my	15830
Bewkes will retain the title of president , the company added .	Bewkes will retain his title of president , the company added .	det_poss:the:his	15831
Drew , for instance , is being reared by the grandmother , Ophelia .	Drew , for instance , is being reared by his grandmother , Ophelia .	det_poss:the:his	15832
But that is not the game .	But that is not his game .	det_poss:the:his	15833
When was the last time you called the momma ?	When was the last time you called your momma ?	det_poss:the:your	15834
Army Sgt. John Mele served in the military like the grandfather and namesake .	Army Sgt. John Mele served in the military like his grandfather and namesake .	det_poss:the:his	15835
But do not hold the breath .	But do not hold your breath .	det_poss:the:your	15836
He saw many schools that shared the vision .	He saw many schools that shared his vision .	det_poss:the:his	15837
It symbolises the hope and prayers and her spirit .	It symbolises our hope and prayers and her spirit .	det_poss:the:our	15838
" can only be answered by the declaration " Who I am .	" can only be answered by my declaration " Who I am .	det_poss:the:my	15839
Maple Leafs fans are sure to share the animosity .	Maple Leafs fans are sure to share his animosity .	det_poss:the:his	15840
Barkeley said he was enthused about achieving the goal and recognized its difficulty .	Barkeley said he was enthused about achieving his goal and recognized its difficulty .	det_poss:the:his	15841
He detailed the findings online Oct. 10 in the journal PLoS ONE .	He detailed his findings online Oct. 10 in the journal PLoS ONE .	det_poss:the:his	15842
But expectations of the visit and the Maryland conference are low .	But expectations of her visit and the Maryland conference are low .	det_poss:the:her	15843
He said he planned to plant the okra in the garden .	He said he planned to plant the okra in his garden .	det_poss:the:his	15844
How Sweet Is The Tooth ?	How Sweet Is Your Tooth ?	det_poss:the:your	15845
Braddy rested the head on the table during breaks .	Braddy rested his head on the table during breaks .	det_poss:the:his	15846
In the case , rational or not , that seems highly unlikely .	In his case , rational or not , that seems highly unlikely .	det_poss:the:his	15847
In Indiana , everybody probably knew the name by sixth grade .	In Indiana , everybody probably knew your name by sixth grade .	det_poss:the:your	15848
, in 1996 and ordered to pay back child support for the daughter .	, in 1996 and ordered to pay back child support for his daughter .	det_poss:the:his	15849
I received a press release from an outfit called The iButton .	I received a press release from an outfit called My iButton .	det_poss:the:my	15850
Director Sington and the team chose a too extensive narrative detour through hyperspace .	Director Sington and his team chose a too extensive narrative detour through hyperspace .	det_poss:the:his	15851
Mukasey looked down at the hands and took a deep breath .	Mukasey looked down at his hands and took a deep breath .	det_poss:the:his	15852
Should I just call the real estate commissioner and terminate the license ?	Should I just call the real estate commissioner and terminate my license ?	det_poss:the:my	15853
Sen. Larry Craig , R-Idaho , announces the resignation Saturday in Boise .	Sen. Larry Craig , R-Idaho , announces his resignation Saturday in Boise .	det_poss:the:his	15854
I love the passion .	I love your passion .	det_poss:the:your	15855
The designs were not always well received .	His designs were not always well received .	det_poss:the:his	15856
He was going to visit her and the ex-wife in Tikrit on Sunday .	He was going to visit her and his ex-wife in Tikrit on Sunday .	det_poss:the:his	15857
This is the Iraq .	This is your Iraq .	det_poss:the:your	15858
" We need improvements in the inspection process , " Besser said .	" We need improvements in our inspection process , " Besser said .	det_poss:the:our	15859
For Arredondo 's wife , Jessica , the hand brought back the hero .	For Arredondo 's wife , Jessica , the hand brought back her hero .	det_poss:the:her	15860
DJ Holmes is famous for the contribution to the Oceans 11 soundtracks .	DJ Holmes is famous for his contribution to the Oceans 11 soundtracks .	det_poss:the:his	15861
Alejandra Laviada takes photography 's unreliability as the subject .	Alejandra Laviada takes photography 's unreliability as her subject .	det_poss:the:her	15862
The problem is saying too much about what I think .	My problem is saying too much about what I think .	det_poss:the:my	15863
Miss Skattergoods raised the eyebrows .	Miss Skattergoods raised her eyebrows .	det_poss:the:her	15864
Yet the preservationist activity so far seems dogged .	Yet his preservationist activity so far seems dogged .	det_poss:the:his	15865
The big part is the persona .	The big part is his persona .	det_poss:the:his	15866
He risked so much for this moment for the son .	He risked so much for this moment for his son .	det_poss:the:his	15867
" -- " Will the income keep pace with inflation ?	" -- " Will my income keep pace with inflation ?	det_poss:the:my	15868
The heft and gregariousness seemed to destine him for more comedy .	His heft and gregariousness seemed to destine him for more comedy .	det_poss:the:his	15869
The client has for years struggled with drug addiction .	His client has for years struggled with drug addiction .	det_poss:the:his	15870
But now that the tension is gone the body aches all over .	But now that the tension is gone my body aches all over .	det_poss:the:my	15871
With rare exceptions , the classmates will be unbelievably nice , sensitive people .	With rare exceptions , your classmates will be unbelievably nice , sensitive people .	det_poss:the:your	15872
Gibbs then sent the offense back on the field .	Gibbs then sent his offense back on the field .	det_poss:the:his	15873
A gay man fired the home health aide .	A gay man fired his home health aide .	det_poss:the:his	15874
Nextel got the pho-o-one .	Nextel got your pho-o-one .	det_poss:the:your	15875
I have already stopped advertising , and we are raising the cover charges .	I have already stopped advertising , and we are raising our cover charges .	det_poss:the:our	15876
Musharraf said Ashfaq Kayan will lead the military in the place .	Musharraf said Ashfaq Kayan will lead the military in his place .	det_poss:the:his	15877
Kelly appeared in court in a blue-gray suit and in the trademark cornrows .	Kelly appeared in court in a blue-gray suit and in his trademark cornrows .	det_poss:the:his	15878
It can even help you find a better rate on the credit card .	It can even help you find a better rate on your credit card .	det_poss:the:your	15879
In three hours we are back in the room at the care center .	In three hours we are back in her room at the care center .	det_poss:the:her	15880
She is seeking $ 10 million and wants the job back .	She is seeking $ 10 million and wants her job back .	det_poss:the:her	15881
pants were down below the butt .	pants were down below his butt .	det_poss:the:his	15882
When I visited Primehouse New York , the Dirty Bulls arrived sans jerky .	When I visited Primehouse New York , my Dirty Bulls arrived sans jerky .	det_poss:the:my	15883
The novel was remarkable , they added to themselves .	His novel was remarkable , they added to themselves .	det_poss:the:his	15884
I have not worn a suit since the days in an Orthodox yeshiva .	I have not worn a suit since my days in an Orthodox yeshiva .	det_poss:the:my	15885
The research involves examining the relationship between brain neurotransmitters and markers of inflammation .	Her research involves examining the relationship between brain neurotransmitters and markers of inflammation .	det_poss:the:her	15886
What changed was the analysis of who was to blame .	What changed was his analysis of who was to blame .	det_poss:the:his	15887
My wife rises up on the elbow .	My wife rises up on her elbow .	det_poss:the:her	15888
The home decor could stand updating .	Our home decor could stand updating .	det_poss:the:our	15889
Had he gone with the instincts , he would have been surprised .	Had he gone with his instincts , he would have been surprised .	det_poss:the:his	15890
He even founded a teaching facility for young singers in the home town .	He even founded a teaching facility for young singers in his home town .	det_poss:the:his	15891
These " rape myths " exert great power within the society .	These " rape myths " exert great power within our society .	det_poss:the:our	15892
Shut the mouth , he told Ms. Albert .	Shut your mouth , he told Ms. Albert .	det_poss:the:your	15893
I rubbed the leg to reassure him .	I rubbed his leg to reassure him .	det_poss:the:his	15894
I had seen a lot and had learned to trust the instincts .	I had seen a lot and had learned to trust my instincts .	det_poss:the:my	15895
The experience with Mount is more typical .	His experience with Mount is more typical .	det_poss:the:his	15896
We thank him for the contributions and wish him the best .	We thank him for his contributions and wish him the best .	det_poss:the:his	15897
We 'll let the actions speak for themselves .	We 'll let our actions speak for themselves .	det_poss:the:our	15898
The attorney did not return messages seeking comment .	Her attorney did not return messages seeking comment .	det_poss:the:her	15899
A premature drawdown of the forces would likely have devastating consequences .	A premature drawdown of our forces would likely have devastating consequences .	det_poss:the:our	15900
The friends ... some are buried in France , Belgium , Holland .	My friends ... some are buried in France , Belgium , Holland .	det_poss:the:my	15901
Are you obsessed with the job ?	Are you obsessed with your job ?	det_poss:the:your	15902
But the speech was accompanied by another grim and dispiriting piece of news .	But his speech was accompanied by another grim and dispiriting piece of news .	det_poss:the:his	15903
The kids are 10 years old .	My kids are 10 years old .	det_poss:the:my	15904
The People columnist now feels somewhat like the boy who cried wolf .	Your People columnist now feels somewhat like the boy who cried wolf .	det_poss:the:your	15905
He is due to start the term in March .	He is due to start his term in March .	det_poss:the:his	15906
He was famous for the kindness to children and generosity to the poor .	He was famous for his kindness to children and generosity to the poor .	det_poss:the:his	15907
The final appointment with the doctor was very positive .	The final appointment with my doctor was very positive .	det_poss:the:my	15908
Aliah was recognizable as a junior safety officer at the school .	Aliah was recognizable as a junior safety officer at her school .	det_poss:the:her	15909
, who fought the way through Italy , hill by bloody hill .	, who fought his way through Italy , hill by bloody hill .	det_poss:the:his	15910
- What is the position on Kelo vs. New London ?	- What is your position on Kelo vs. New London ?	det_poss:the:your	15911
I would never have done anything intentional to jeopardize the race .	I would never have done anything intentional to jeopardize our race .	det_poss:the:our	15912
You can pick the England team on the website .	You can pick your England team on the website .	det_poss:the:your	15913
Yet how easily we ignore the adversity the sportsmen conquer .	Yet how easily we ignore the adversity our sportsmen conquer .	det_poss:the:our	15914
" We had no time to collect the things , " she said .	" We had no time to collect our things , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	15915
The driver then drove off , prompting one officer to fire the gun .	The driver then drove off , prompting one officer to fire his gun .	det_poss:the:his	15916
The children were turned over to family members .	Her children were turned over to family members .	det_poss:the:her	15917
The palate deserves a rest .	Your palate deserves a rest .	det_poss:the:your	15918
The training regimens were legendary .	His training regimens were legendary .	det_poss:the:his	15919
The kid has a cold -- what now ?	Your kid has a cold -- what now ?	det_poss:the:your	15920
Ngcoya likes to mix and match the materials .	Ngcoya likes to mix and match her materials .	det_poss:the:her	15921
You go back into the hole , Marvin ?	You go back into your hole , Marvin ?	det_poss:the:your	15922
By Thursday , Everett began moving the fingers .	By Thursday , Everett began moving his fingers .	det_poss:the:his	15923
And the kid has obnoxiously defended the right to mimic Eminem 's hairdo .	And the kid has obnoxiously defended his right to mimic Eminem 's hairdo .	det_poss:the:his	15924
Then Benayoun grabbed the hat-trick .	Then Benayoun grabbed his hat-trick .	det_poss:the:his	15925
How are the relations with the military ?	How are your relations with the military ?	det_poss:the:your	15926
The technique is probably not accessible to most people .	His technique is probably not accessible to most people .	det_poss:the:his	15927
Hopefully people do not get on the back too much .	Hopefully people do not get on his back too much .	det_poss:the:his	15928
The proclivity for gaining weight became a topic of public discussion .	His proclivity for gaining weight became a topic of public discussion .	det_poss:the:his	15929
Now , I am just playing the game and it feels great .	Now , I am just playing my game and it feels great .	det_poss:the:my	15930
Jack wiped the eyes .	Jack wiped his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	15931
Neediest Cases helps with things the funds cannot provide .	Neediest Cases helps with things her funds cannot provide .	det_poss:the:her	15932
" " The grandfather is from here .	" " My grandfather is from here .	det_poss:the:my	15933
The accident ended the fencing career .	The accident ended his fencing career .	det_poss:the:his	15934
You want to make the imprint on the Premier League .	You want to make your imprint on the Premier League .	det_poss:the:your	15935
Benzema celebrates the goal as Lyon thrash Lens 3-0 .	Benzema celebrates his goal as Lyon thrash Lens 3-0 .	det_poss:the:his	15936
How is Shawn doing with the recovery ?	How is Shawn doing with his recovery ?	det_poss:the:his	15937
Explain direction He could not finish some of the hits .	Explain direction He could not finish some of his hits .	det_poss:the:his	15938
Let 's see if the Chancellor can do any better .	Let 's see if his Chancellor can do any better .	det_poss:the:his	15939
BETH Ditto has helped change the mind about charity singles .	BETH Ditto has helped change my mind about charity singles .	det_poss:the:my	15940
Rodriguez , duly impressed , flipped the bat toward the dugout .	Rodriguez , duly impressed , flipped his bat toward the dugout .	det_poss:the:his	15941
The enthusiasm is infectious .	His enthusiasm is infectious .	det_poss:the:his	15942
Calm down , he orders the students .	Calm down , he orders his students .	det_poss:the:his	15943
I understand him and I will follow the orders .	I understand him and I will follow his orders .	det_poss:the:his	15944
When I was doing this , safety concerns never crossed the mind .	When I was doing this , safety concerns never crossed my mind .	det_poss:the:my	15945
It created extreme burdens on the scheduling .	It created extreme burdens on our scheduling .	det_poss:the:our	15946
I secretly wished for an ex-boyfriend worthy of the ire .	I secretly wished for an ex-boyfriend worthy of her ire .	det_poss:the:her	15947
This caretaker is sacrificing the life to do this .	This caretaker is sacrificing her life to do this .	det_poss:the:her	15948
'Busy people' The appearance has changed little .	'Busy people' His appearance has changed little .	det_poss:the:his	15949
Steven Spielberg makes the return to videogames .	Steven Spielberg makes his return to videogames .	det_poss:the:his	15950
I am always shy , it is just part of the character .	I am always shy , it is just part of my character .	det_poss:the:my	15951
But Mr Parratt then lost the grip and fell backwards down the mountain .	But Mr Parratt then lost his grip and fell backwards down the mountain .	det_poss:the:his	15952
Sir Michael has received numerous accolades during the career .	Sir Michael has received numerous accolades during his career .	det_poss:the:his	15953
" It is a gift to the community , " he said .	" It is a gift to our community , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	15954
Craig pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct after the arrest at Minneapolis-St .	Craig pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct after his arrest at Minneapolis-St .	det_poss:the:his	15955
Thankfully I would have many more opportunities during the week at Wilson 's .	Thankfully I would have many more opportunities during my week at Wilson 's .	det_poss:the:my	15956
" She said , ' Look , these are the decisions .	" She said , ' Look , these are my decisions .	det_poss:the:my	15957
There goes the guarantee .	There goes your guarantee .	det_poss:the:your	15958
He remembers marveling at the spontaneity and outgoing manner .	He remembers marveling at her spontaneity and outgoing manner .	det_poss:the:her	15959
I had to live off the savings .	I had to live off my savings .	det_poss:the:my	15960
Bhutto had hoped to go rally with the supporters .	Bhutto had hoped to go rally with her supporters .	det_poss:the:her	15961
... Have you found another way to get the hands on the console ?	... Have you found another way to get your hands on the console ?	det_poss:the:your	15962
" The data infrastructure is our building , " she said .	" Our data infrastructure is our building , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	15963
' " The cadences were natural and energetic .	' " His cadences were natural and energetic .	det_poss:the:his	15964
25 February : PCB confirms Hair has dropped the claim of racial discrimination .	25 February : PCB confirms Hair has dropped his claim of racial discrimination .	det_poss:the:his	15965
From the computer , she can monitor Crystal 's progress .	From her computer , she can monitor Crystal 's progress .	det_poss:the:her	15966
He died Tuesday at the age of 90 in the Utah home .	He died Tuesday at the age of 90 in his Utah home .	det_poss:the:his	15967
People can buy the lips now !	People can buy my lips now !	det_poss:the:my	15968
The son is " doing great , " she said .	Her son is " doing great , " she said .	det_poss:the:her	15969
I slept a lot , and the eye swelled .	I slept a lot , and my eye swelled .	det_poss:the:my	15970
According to Ecclestone , he is " refining " the collection .	According to Ecclestone , he is " refining " his collection .	det_poss:the:his	15971
Williams duo suffer mixed fortunes The sentencing has been set for April 15 .	Williams duo suffer mixed fortunes His sentencing has been set for April 15 .	det_poss:the:his	15972
But the roommates were a different story .	But his roommates were a different story .	det_poss:the:his	15973
Portfolio and Investment Activity Giuliani denied changing the view on immigration .	Portfolio and Investment Activity Giuliani denied changing his view on immigration .	det_poss:the:his	15974
" " Thanks for all you do in the defense of the country .	" " Thanks for all you do in the defense of our country .	det_poss:the:our	15975
The lawyer , Rusty Hardin , has aggressively questioned McNamee 's credibility .	His lawyer , Rusty Hardin , has aggressively questioned McNamee 's credibility .	det_poss:the:his	15976
The aides , too , always have warned that the race would tighten .	His aides , too , always have warned that the race would tighten .	det_poss:the:his	15977
I think the MIL drugs his food .	I think my MIL drugs his food .	det_poss:the:my	15978
That means a court will determine who inherits the assets .	That means a court will determine who inherits her assets .	det_poss:the:her	15979
The daughter can walk to school without wearing a headscarf .	My daughter can walk to school without wearing a headscarf .	det_poss:the:my	15980
But he changed the mind , daunted by the cost and effort involved .	But he changed his mind , daunted by the cost and effort involved .	det_poss:the:his	15981
" and " We want the rights !	" and " We want our rights !	det_poss:the:our	15982
Two vials of the drug were found in the search of the home .	Two vials of the drug were found in the search of his home .	det_poss:the:his	15983
It has only one moving part -- the impeller that moves the blood .	It has only one moving part -- the impeller that moves his blood .	det_poss:the:his	15984
This person was honored more often -- than any other in the field .	This person was honored more often -- than any other in his field .	det_poss:the:his	15985
Home sellers sometimes lie , which is apparently what happened in the situation .	Home sellers sometimes lie , which is apparently what happened in your situation .	det_poss:the:your	15986
But for others , the administration 's alleged crimes outweigh its successes .	But for others , his administration 's alleged crimes outweigh its successes .	det_poss:the:his	15987
Coughlin has clearly left the disciplinarian 's mark on Edsall .	Coughlin has clearly left his disciplinarian 's mark on Edsall .	det_poss:the:his	15988
What we are doing is remembering the comrades .	What we are doing is remembering our comrades .	det_poss:the:our	15989
" The lifestyle was changing , " she said .	" My lifestyle was changing , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	15990
I wonder if it is going to put stress on the relationship .	I wonder if it is going to put stress on our relationship .	det_poss:the:our	15991
I like the solution to this decorating dilemma .	I like your solution to this decorating dilemma .	det_poss:the:your	15992
She began to rethink the move .	She began to rethink her move .	det_poss:the:her	15993
Their father 's pragmatism was forged during the youth .	Their father 's pragmatism was forged during his youth .	det_poss:the:his	15994
" " The sound and playing style have inspired music fans for generations .	" " His sound and playing style have inspired music fans for generations .	det_poss:the:his	15995
The killing is the county 's seventh of the year .	His killing is the county 's seventh of the year .	det_poss:the:his	15996
Thank you for taking the time to offer the thoughts .	Thank you for taking the time to offer your thoughts .	det_poss:the:your	15997
The reaction will not be demure , if he finds the score-sheet .	His reaction will not be demure , if he finds the score-sheet .	det_poss:the:his	15998
That is something I keep pitching to the writers .	That is something I keep pitching to our writers .	det_poss:the:our	15999
The woman behind me perfectly summed up the feelings .	The woman behind me perfectly summed up my feelings .	det_poss:the:my	16000
That became the nickname .	That became her nickname .	det_poss:the:her	16001
Al-Rai al-Amm - private , daily The car was full of blood .	Al-Rai al-Amm - private , daily My car was full of blood .	det_poss:the:my	16002
Resist at the peril .	Resist at your peril .	det_poss:the:your	16003
Or perhaps we should be more diverse and place the trust in Allah .	Or perhaps we should be more diverse and place our trust in Allah .	det_poss:the:our	16004
The body was found in a suitcase in the Passaic River .	Her body was found in a suitcase in the Passaic River .	det_poss:the:her	16005
The performance in human resources has been outstanding .	His performance in human resources has been outstanding .	det_poss:the:his	16006
Sometimes the questions are fundamental ones about self-definition .	Sometimes her questions are fundamental ones about self-definition .	det_poss:the:her	16007
The prose is filled with clichés and slang .	His prose is filled with clichés and slang .	det_poss:the:his	16008
" The spirits are up , " Cameron said .	" His spirits are up , " Cameron said .	det_poss:the:his	16009
Yet , for all the weaknesses , the guy oozed celebrity .	Yet , for all his weaknesses , the guy oozed celebrity .	det_poss:the:his	16010
Holliday went 1- for-4 against Los Angeles , the average slipping to .339 .	Holliday went 1- for-4 against Los Angeles , his average slipping to .339 .	det_poss:the:his	16011
She was soon well on course to the target , with £ 180 .	She was soon well on course to her target , with £ 180 .	det_poss:the:her	16012
" I will have to go enjoy the life , " he said .	" I will have to go enjoy my life , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	16013
After Friday 's game , he said he enjoyed the time at Nebraska .	After Friday 's game , he said he enjoyed his time at Nebraska .	det_poss:the:his	16014
Thousands of the opponents were rounded up and Supreme Court justices fired .	Thousands of his opponents were rounded up and Supreme Court justices fired .	det_poss:the:his	16015
The Bruins said yesterday that Johnson died Wednesday at the Falmouth , Mass .	The Bruins said yesterday that Johnson died Wednesday at his Falmouth , Mass .	det_poss:the:his	16016
The son Joshua lends a fresh eye to the business .	His son Joshua lends a fresh eye to the business .	det_poss:the:his	16017
I can barely put them in the mouth fast enough .	I can barely put them in my mouth fast enough .	det_poss:the:my	16018
Armitage said there was no ill-intent on the part .	Armitage said there was no ill-intent on his part .	det_poss:the:his	16019
Mortlock will need to have the shoulder reconstructed for the third time .	Mortlock will need to have his shoulder reconstructed for the third time .	det_poss:the:his	16020
The body has not been identified .	His body has not been identified .	det_poss:the:his	16021
And then she laughs again , like she did about the dog .	And then she laughs again , like she did about her dog .	det_poss:the:her	16022
The passer rating was 44.8 .	His passer rating was 44.8 .	det_poss:the:his	16023
He used the legs against UNLV .	He used his legs against UNLV .	det_poss:the:his	16024
The plan also offers subsidies to help the poor buy insurance .	Her plan also offers subsidies to help the poor buy insurance .	det_poss:the:her	16025
Their affair scandalized the family and much of the country .	Their affair scandalized her family and much of the country .	det_poss:the:her	16026
There is bald spots all over the head .	There is bald spots all over my head .	det_poss:the:my	16027
Is the contract with Hertz now void ?	Is my contract with Hertz now void ?	det_poss:the:my	16028
The authorities come and confiscate the monkey .	The authorities come and confiscate your monkey .	det_poss:the:your	16029
I placed the packet onto the wood and made the request to Pachamama .	I placed the packet onto the wood and made my request to Pachamama .	det_poss:the:my	16030
New Zealand String Quartet Did you notice the odd look in the eye ?	New Zealand String Quartet Did you notice the odd look in my eye ?	det_poss:the:my	16031
" " The job is to get my teammates open .	" " My job is to get my teammates open .	det_poss:the:my	16032
It is interesting that Thewlis named one of the painters Snook .	It is interesting that Thewlis named one of his painters Snook .	det_poss:the:his	16033
I am very happy we have kept the hegemony in the region .	I am very happy we have kept our hegemony in the region .	det_poss:the:our	16034
To the mind , this is the greatest film festival in the world .	To my mind , this is the greatest film festival in the world .	det_poss:the:my	16035
And you would still have the retirement nest egg .	And you would still have your retirement nest egg .	det_poss:the:your	16036
The home became a battleground , at least when our father came home .	Our home became a battleground , at least when our father came home .	det_poss:the:our	16037
Schlesinger did not say why the client had not sued Topps as well .	Schlesinger did not say why his client had not sued Topps as well .	det_poss:the:his	16038
But it is the world , too .	But it is our world , too .	det_poss:the:our	16039
The point is that racial origin does not matter to me .	My point is that racial origin does not matter to me .	det_poss:the:my	16040
She fully intended to return to consulting with the MBA .	She fully intended to return to consulting with her MBA .	det_poss:the:her	16041
I 'll just be going into that courtroom with the fingers crossed .	I 'll just be going into that courtroom with my fingers crossed .	det_poss:the:my	16042
Huckabee claimed the third with the .12-gauge shotgun .	Huckabee claimed the third with his .12-gauge shotgun .	det_poss:the:his	16043
From the home outside Atlanta , Glenda agreed .	From her home outside Atlanta , Glenda agreed .	det_poss:the:her	16044
The answer is that the brass is protecting its gold .	Her answer is that the brass is protecting its gold .	det_poss:the:her	16045
Even if it is the change from the pocket .	Even if it is the change from your pocket .	det_poss:the:your	16046
He always has a little right on the side .	He always has a little right on his side .	det_poss:the:his	16047
That is what really gets the goat .	That is what really gets my goat .	det_poss:the:my	16048
I am definitely happier with Isla in the lives so that helps .	I am definitely happier with Isla in our lives so that helps .	det_poss:the:our	16049
After three rounds of surgery , the hands are better .	After three rounds of surgery , my hands are better .	det_poss:the:my	16050
Wollschlager said the action were prompted by alcohol and drug abuse .	Wollschlager said his action were prompted by alcohol and drug abuse .	det_poss:the:his	16051
LEVS : What can we expect the report to say ?	LEVS : What can we expect his report to say ?	det_poss:the:his	16052
-- More often when someone in the home is sick .	-- More often when someone in your home is sick .	det_poss:the:your	16053
With the help of the fiancée Tye Johnson , she found that miracle .	With the help of her fiancée Tye Johnson , she found that miracle .	det_poss:the:her	16054
Few Democrats expect Mr. Bush to change the mind .	Few Democrats expect Mr. Bush to change his mind .	det_poss:the:his	16055
He said she had gone to the airport to meet the boyfriend .	He said she had gone to the airport to meet her boyfriend .	det_poss:the:her	16056
The injuries were not life-threatening .	His injuries were not life-threatening .	det_poss:the:his	16057
Big horn-rimmed glasses distorted the eyes .	Big horn-rimmed glasses distorted his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	16058
Prosecutor Robert Daskas noted that Mack 's agreement waived the right to appeal .	Prosecutor Robert Daskas noted that Mack 's agreement waived his right to appeal .	det_poss:the:his	16059
In the books we meet the families these women support financially .	In his books we meet the families these women support financially .	det_poss:the:his	16060
For this year 's Emmy Awards , designers offered the dresses .	For this year 's Emmy Awards , designers offered her dresses .	det_poss:the:her	16061
The death , in Anbar province , is under investigation .	His death , in Anbar province , is under investigation .	det_poss:the:his	16062
Why are we obsessed with the pets ?	Why are we obsessed with our pets ?	det_poss:the:our	16063
Bringing the concern to their attention may do the trick .	Bringing your concern to their attention may do the trick .	det_poss:the:your	16064
The details are not being released until relatives are informed .	His details are not being released until relatives are informed .	det_poss:the:his	16065
The spokesman said he is to remain there overnight .	His spokesman said he is to remain there overnight .	det_poss:the:his	16066
Buckle the seat belts , friends .	Buckle your seat belts , friends .	det_poss:the:your	16067
Mr Cameron must talk of the confidence in modern Britain .	Mr Cameron must talk of his confidence in modern Britain .	det_poss:the:his	16068
Snow said cancer was not a factor in the departure .	Snow said cancer was not a factor in his departure .	det_poss:the:his	16069
The 16-year-old Jeffrey changed the diet , started exercising and dropped 35 pounds .	The 16-year-old Jeffrey changed his diet , started exercising and dropped 35 pounds .	det_poss:the:his	16070
" I want to get back to the home , " he said .	" I want to get back to my home , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	16071
The only difference is , I am aware of the worldview .	The only difference is , I am aware of my worldview .	det_poss:the:my	16072
Keep the computer out of the child 's bedroom .	Keep the computer out of your child 's bedroom .	det_poss:the:your	16073
The judge has ordered the decision sealed .	The judge has ordered her decision sealed .	det_poss:the:her	16074
Benedict has dedicated the pontificate to fighting secularism and strengthening Catholic identity .	Benedict has dedicated his pontificate to fighting secularism and strengthening Catholic identity .	det_poss:the:his	16075
But the replacement lasted only a few months .	But his replacement lasted only a few months .	det_poss:the:his	16076
Fielder-Civil had scratches covering the face and neck .	Fielder-Civil had scratches covering his face and neck .	det_poss:the:his	16077
When the competitor asked the advisee to leave , the professor approved .	When the competitor asked my advisee to leave , the professor approved .	det_poss:the:my	16078
She began the career by producing simple , domestic earthenware pots .	She began her career by producing simple , domestic earthenware pots .	det_poss:the:her	16079
Raddatz : What would the message to China be ?	Raddatz : What would your message to China be ?	det_poss:the:your	16080
On Monday , Mangini said Vilma injured the leg against the Bengals .	On Monday , Mangini said Vilma injured his leg against the Bengals .	det_poss:the:his	16081
The breadth of the experience includes fieldwork on healing traditions throughout the world .	The breadth of his experience includes fieldwork on healing traditions throughout the world .	det_poss:the:his	16082
The grandma and his dad had written down many of their stories already .	His grandma and his dad had written down many of their stories already .	det_poss:the:his	16083
A surprised Beaver pulls the head back .	A surprised Beaver pulls his head back .	det_poss:the:his	16084
But he is the brother-in-law !	But he is my brother-in-law !	det_poss:the:my	16085
Order a side salad with the meal .	Order a side salad with your meal .	det_poss:the:your	16086
But the clients like him because he generally gets them good contracts .	But his clients like him because he generally gets them good contracts .	det_poss:the:his	16087
Therefore , I am resigning the role in this campaign .	Therefore , I am resigning my role in this campaign .	det_poss:the:my	16088
The singing was not flawless .	His singing was not flawless .	det_poss:the:his	16089
The only thing that remains open-ended is the reaction to the death .	The only thing that remains open-ended is the reaction to her death .	det_poss:the:her	16090
Always check with the doctor to find what 's right for you .	Always check with your doctor to find what 's right for you .	det_poss:the:your	16091
In the case , it was about 96 cubic feet .	In his case , it was about 96 cubic feet .	det_poss:the:his	16092
The niece arrived at the house they shared in Baton Rouge , La .	Her niece arrived at the house they shared in Baton Rouge , La .	det_poss:the:her	16093
Go rescue the daughter .	Go rescue your daughter .	det_poss:the:your	16094
The leverage , I believe , right now is almost vanished .	Our leverage , I believe , right now is almost vanished .	det_poss:the:our	16095
There was a gleam of something in the eyes .	There was a gleam of something in her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	16096
Deportation proceedings for the children began after that .	Deportation proceedings for her children began after that .	det_poss:the:her	16097
There are those memories of the intervention that continue to cloud the relationship .	There are those memories of our intervention that continue to cloud the relationship .	det_poss:the:our	16098
The answer , of course , turned out to be quite serious .	His answer , of course , turned out to be quite serious .	det_poss:the:his	16099
" The bill was probably half a pound , " he said .	" My bill was probably half a pound , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	16100
Then I changed the mind .	Then I changed my mind .	det_poss:the:my	16101
Today , he has a few of the son 's needs to address .	Today , he has a few of his son 's needs to address .	det_poss:the:his	16102
Avoid real estate Pay the house off by whatever means , or rent .	Avoid real estate Pay your house off by whatever means , or rent .	det_poss:the:your	16103
Mr Putin likes to talk about the country 's revival and greatness .	Mr Putin likes to talk about his country 's revival and greatness .	det_poss:the:his	16104
Mind you , you 'll lose the trousers with the depreciation .	Mind you , you 'll lose your trousers with the depreciation .	det_poss:the:your	16105
There is a girl on the floor who throws out her shoeboxes .	There is a girl on my floor who throws out her shoeboxes .	det_poss:the:my	16106
Trump critics meet first minister The gosh , they have not had any .	Trump critics meet first minister My gosh , they have not had any .	det_poss:the:my	16107
" I find the comments both idiotic and offensive , " she retorted .	" I find your comments both idiotic and offensive , " she retorted .	det_poss:the:your	16108
The movement demanded a complete withdrawal of foreign troops from Iraq .	His movement demanded a complete withdrawal of foreign troops from Iraq .	det_poss:the:his	16109
It is where he first began the voyage at the age of 26 .	It is where he first began his voyage at the age of 26 .	det_poss:the:his	16110
But trying to find the supporters is not easy .	But trying to find her supporters is not easy .	det_poss:the:her	16111
The cause was colon cancer , said the agent , Reggie Marshall .	The cause was colon cancer , said his agent , Reggie Marshall .	det_poss:the:his	16112
Kokesh : The Face of Iraq Vets Against War This is the property .	Kokesh : The Face of Iraq Vets Against War This is our property .	det_poss:the:our	16113
" It is out of the control , " Pennington said .	" It is out of my control , " Pennington said .	det_poss:the:my	16114
We were going to give the vote to Benazir .	We were going to give our vote to Benazir .	det_poss:the:our	16115
Jane has no out of pocket costs for the building 's operating expenses .	Jane has no out of pocket costs for her building 's operating expenses .	det_poss:the:her	16116
The words take a second or two to sink in .	Her words take a second or two to sink in .	det_poss:the:her	16117
You just do the work ; you do not expect it .	You just do your work ; you do not expect it .	det_poss:the:your	16118
The performance stood out from the miserable start the Yankees had .	His performance stood out from the miserable start the Yankees had .	det_poss:the:his	16119
We are playing for the living .	We are playing for our living .	det_poss:the:our	16120
The skin will be left soft and moisturised .	Your skin will be left soft and moisturised .	det_poss:the:your	16121
" I was the explainer in the group , " he says .	" I was the explainer in my group , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	16122
... " Don 't pack the bags , " Rice replied .	... " Don 't pack your bags , " Rice replied .	det_poss:the:your	16123
Dr. Heyman and the neighbors were irate .	Dr. Heyman and his neighbors were irate .	det_poss:the:his	16124
Hands on Hamas singers Hunter bit the lip to keep from crying .	Hands on Hamas singers Hunter bit his lip to keep from crying .	det_poss:the:his	16125
Send us the comments and accounts using the form below .	Send us your comments and accounts using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	16126
And Ryan will be second-guessed by nearly everyone , including the players .	And Ryan will be second-guessed by nearly everyone , including his players .	det_poss:the:his	16127
Some may grouse that the Nureyev film is not really a dance film .	Some may grouse that his Nureyev film is not really a dance film .	det_poss:the:his	16128
It is not even the house !	It is not even her house !	det_poss:the:her	16129
Hunt revealed last week he was not certain where the future lay .	Hunt revealed last week he was not certain where his future lay .	det_poss:the:his	16130
The durability has become an issue .	His durability has become an issue .	det_poss:the:his	16131
He was shot dead outside the Istanbul office in January 2007 .	He was shot dead outside his Istanbul office in January 2007 .	det_poss:the:his	16132
" It is like having the grandmother here , " Martin said .	" It is like having your grandmother here , " Martin said .	det_poss:the:your	16133
The details have been removed from the school 's website .	His details have been removed from the school 's website .	det_poss:the:his	16134
Reesha was killed Thursday by a car bomb near the home .	Reesha was killed Thursday by a car bomb near his home .	det_poss:the:his	16135
Thereafter , the enemies can stab or shoot him , but never fatally .	Thereafter , his enemies can stab or shoot him , but never fatally .	det_poss:the:his	16136
They are probably behind the murder .	They are probably behind her murder .	det_poss:the:her	16137
He files more dissents and separate opinions than any of the colleagues .	He files more dissents and separate opinions than any of his colleagues .	det_poss:the:his	16138
The intention is to introduce it experimentally to judge its impact .	Our intention is to introduce it experimentally to judge its impact .	det_poss:the:our	16139
The experience made him determined to do good through the work .	The experience made him determined to do good through his work .	det_poss:the:his	16140
" He added , " They were the best months of the life .	" He added , " They were the best months of my life .	det_poss:the:my	16141
The aides repeatedly say he will not enter the race .	His aides repeatedly say he will not enter the race .	det_poss:the:his	16142
I was holding the breath .	I was holding my breath .	det_poss:the:my	16143
Mr Sarkozy has already given ground on some of the campaign pledges .	Mr Sarkozy has already given ground on some of his campaign pledges .	det_poss:the:his	16144
Nothing like this had happened in the lives before .	Nothing like this had happened in our lives before .	det_poss:the:our	16145
I could not grab enough stuff that was of importance like the passport .	I could not grab enough stuff that was of importance like my passport .	det_poss:the:my	16146
However , police said he had not formally dropped the complaint .	However , police said he had not formally dropped his complaint .	det_poss:the:his	16147
She should also think about minimising the inheritance tax liability .	She should also think about minimising her inheritance tax liability .	det_poss:the:her	16148
" They 've destroyed the dream , " he said .	" They 've destroyed my dream , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	16149
If you agree we can discuss the perecentage .	If you agree we can discuss your perecentage .	det_poss:the:your	16150
The death followed a short illness , said his daughter , Lynn Catterson .	His death followed a short illness , said his daughter , Lynn Catterson .	det_poss:the:his	16151
The lawyers say he wants to return home to fight those charges .	His lawyers say he wants to return home to fight those charges .	det_poss:the:his	16152
The boy and the family survived the pretend earthquake unscathed .	The boy and his family survived the pretend earthquake unscathed .	det_poss:the:his	16153
The critics say this stance shows she is tied to politics as usual .	Her critics say this stance shows she is tied to politics as usual .	det_poss:the:her	16154
He added another five bass weighing 8-14 to the final-round total Sunday .	He added another five bass weighing 8-14 to his final-round total Sunday .	det_poss:the:his	16155
WILSON : Thank you so much for the service .	WILSON : Thank you so much for your service .	det_poss:the:your	16156
The tour follows the address to the UN General Assembly in New York .	The tour follows his address to the UN General Assembly in New York .	det_poss:the:his	16157
Now I understood the dogs ' salon epiphany .	Now I understood my dogs ' salon epiphany .	det_poss:the:my	16158
They did not stop at mangling the surname .	They did not stop at mangling his surname .	det_poss:the:his	16159
If the car is fairly new , do not accept junkyard parts .	If your car is fairly new , do not accept junkyard parts .	det_poss:the:your	16160
It matches the calls for common sense on private provision in the NHS .	It matches our calls for common sense on private provision in the NHS .	det_poss:the:our	16161
To the supporters , the action was an act of bad faith .	To her supporters , the action was an act of bad faith .	det_poss:the:her	16162
Here 's the answer .	Here 's my answer .	det_poss:the:my	16163
Suddenly , Mr. Pallas needed to justify the paycheck .	Suddenly , Mr. Pallas needed to justify his paycheck .	det_poss:the:his	16164
" " The emphasis is strictly on the publicly visible overhead screens .	" " Our emphasis is strictly on the publicly visible overhead screens .	det_poss:the:our	16165
It speaks to the resoluteness , toughness and leadership .	It speaks to his resoluteness , toughness and leadership .	det_poss:the:his	16166
The refusals allowed Pine 's office to file contempt-of-court charges in 1994 .	His refusals allowed Pine 's office to file contempt-of-court charges in 1994 .	det_poss:the:his	16167
Kompass still intends to take the question to the superintendant .	Kompass still intends to take her question to the superintendant .	det_poss:the:her	16168
Munch drank it heavily and Strindberg fed the insanity with it .	Munch drank it heavily and Strindberg fed his insanity with it .	det_poss:the:his	16169
The wish was to build an institution that would do more .	Her wish was to build an institution that would do more .	det_poss:the:her	16170
Still , there is hope for the progress .	Still , there is hope for his progress .	det_poss:the:his	16171
It dislocates us , upsets the expectations .	It dislocates us , upsets our expectations .	det_poss:the:our	16172
We hope to make the choice in the first quarter of 2008 .	We hope to make our choice in the first quarter of 2008 .	det_poss:the:our	16173
We are grateful for the confidence and support the clients are showing us .	We are grateful for the confidence and support our clients are showing us .	det_poss:the:our	16174
I cannot believe it is out of the hands .	I cannot believe it is out of our hands .	det_poss:the:our	16175
Who 's the favorite ?	Who 's your favorite ?	det_poss:the:your	16176
Since then I have continued to renew the lease .	Since then I have continued to renew my lease .	det_poss:the:my	16177
We do not undertake to update the forward- looking statements .	We do not undertake to update our forward- looking statements .	det_poss:the:our	16178
From the village alone are two other employees at the Village Bakery .	From his village alone are two other employees at the Village Bakery .	det_poss:the:his	16179
The defiant officer brought the case to the Administrative Court .	The defiant officer brought his case to the Administrative Court .	det_poss:the:his	16180
In Lima , Fujimori 's allies were already preparing for the arrival .	In Lima , Fujimori 's allies were already preparing for his arrival .	det_poss:the:his	16181
Mr. Higham sent the changes to Mr. Sondheim as MP3 files .	Mr. Higham sent his changes to Mr. Sondheim as MP3 files .	det_poss:the:his	16182
Solution No. 3 : Know the carbs .	Solution No. 3 : Know thy carbs .	det_poss:the:thy	16183
Their waste should be recycled on to the land .	Their waste should be recycled on to your land .	det_poss:the:your	16184
A major thrust of the campaign is a promise to resurrect school prayer .	A major thrust of his campaign is a promise to resurrect school prayer .	det_poss:the:his	16185
In a few days , the Nation will celebrate Thanksgiving .	In a few days , our Nation will celebrate Thanksgiving .	det_poss:the:our	16186
The style complements the high-minded Anglican intellectual approach of Dr Williams in Canterbury .	His style complements the high-minded Anglican intellectual approach of Dr Williams in Canterbury .	det_poss:the:his	16187
Surrey Police said they were extremely concerned for the safety .	Surrey Police said they were extremely concerned for his safety .	det_poss:the:his	16188
He did not want a public fight with the party , he said .	He did not want a public fight with his party , he said .	det_poss:the:his	16189
The diplomat refused to give the name .	The diplomat refused to give his name .	det_poss:the:his	16190
What are the thoughts regarding this alleged terror plot ?	What are your thoughts regarding this alleged terror plot ?	det_poss:the:your	16191
The term was not scheduled to end until June 30 , 2010 .	His term was not scheduled to end until June 30 , 2010 .	det_poss:the:his	16192
Will the mortgage with Northern Rock be affected ?	Will my mortgage with Northern Rock be affected ?	det_poss:the:my	16193
As he toured local eateries , a potential controversy threatened the campaign .	As he toured local eateries , a potential controversy threatened his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	16194
The authority over the cargo crossings into Israel also proved personally enriching .	His authority over the cargo crossings into Israel also proved personally enriching .	det_poss:the:his	16195
1922 Committee Relatives of the US hostages thanked Chavez for the mediation .	1922 Committee Relatives of the US hostages thanked Chavez for his mediation .	det_poss:the:his	16196
" Make good decisions , " he barked at the players .	" Make good decisions , " he barked at his players .	det_poss:the:his	16197
The name was Martin Luther King Jr .	His name was Martin Luther King Jr .	det_poss:the:his	16198
I found the baby !	I found my baby !	det_poss:the:my	16199
Mr. Saffir did not talk about the scale much , the son said .	Mr. Saffir did not talk about the scale much , his son said .	det_poss:the:his	16200
He would had the work cut out in Afghanistan , I suggested .	He would had his work cut out in Afghanistan , I suggested .	det_poss:the:his	16201
The guest will need to think about the answer .	Your guest will need to think about the answer .	det_poss:the:your	16202
KLS : These are two of the fans right here .	KLS : These are two of your fans right here .	det_poss:the:your	16203
A passerby heard the screams for help and ran to assist .	A passerby heard her screams for help and ran to assist .	det_poss:the:her	16204
You get the drift .	You get my drift .	det_poss:the:my	16205
Chris Douglas-Roberts watched as Connecticut chipped away at the Memphis team 's lead .	Chris Douglas-Roberts watched as Connecticut chipped away at his Memphis team 's lead .	det_poss:the:his	16206
Mr Swinney used the conference speech to attack Westminster for its spending settlement .	Mr Swinney used his conference speech to attack Westminster for its spending settlement .	det_poss:the:his	16207
The jumper is hamster-coloured ?	My jumper is hamster-coloured ?	det_poss:the:my	16208
Back in the college rooms he found himself drawn to the painting .	Back in his college rooms he found himself drawn to the painting .	det_poss:the:his	16209
It is the daughter 's favorite installation .	It is her daughter 's favorite installation .	det_poss:the:her	16210
The chansons say more than anyone else 's .	Our chansons say more than anyone else 's .	det_poss:the:our	16211
Today he still cannot entirely temper the views .	Today he still cannot entirely temper his views .	det_poss:the:his	16212
Andy Dick was ripped by a comedy club official for the behavior .	Andy Dick was ripped by a comedy club official for his behavior .	det_poss:the:his	16213
She braved numerous death threats before the murder .	She braved numerous death threats before her murder .	det_poss:the:her	16214
He likes being officially described on the US visa as a resident alien .	He likes being officially described on his US visa as a resident alien .	det_poss:the:his	16215
The lawyer was listed in court records as public defender Joseph Smith Jr .	His lawyer was listed in court records as public defender Joseph Smith Jr .	det_poss:the:his	16216
The site will search for any property registered in the name .	The site will search for any property registered in your name .	det_poss:the:your	16217
He wrote every morning , practiced the cello and caught up with friends .	He wrote every morning , practiced his cello and caught up with friends .	det_poss:the:his	16218
The members have expressed a lot of concern about this issue .	Our members have expressed a lot of concern about this issue .	det_poss:the:our	16219
Clinton 's record on Iraq may be affecting the support in Iowa .	Clinton 's record on Iraq may be affecting her support in Iowa .	det_poss:the:her	16220
The life is great now .	My life is great now .	det_poss:the:my	16221
The son Liam is hilarious .	My son Liam is hilarious .	det_poss:the:my	16222
So McDonald called the researchers to an emergency meeting .	So McDonald called his researchers to an emergency meeting .	det_poss:the:his	16223
One such person is the Senior Project Manager , Mr. Michael Murdoch .	One such person is our Senior Project Manager , Mr. Michael Murdoch .	det_poss:the:our	16224
The two here effectively complement the drawings .	The two here effectively complement his drawings .	det_poss:the:his	16225
The fortunes of the family have been transformed , he says .	The fortunes of his family have been transformed , he says .	det_poss:the:his	16226
The inability to convert third downs and keep the ball hurt us .	Our inability to convert third downs and keep the ball hurt us .	det_poss:the:our	16227
The cause was heart failure , the son , Barry , said .	The cause was heart failure , his son , Barry , said .	det_poss:the:his	16228
The defense lawyer James Thomas has declined comment .	His defense lawyer James Thomas has declined comment .	det_poss:the:his	16229
The team is favored .	His team is favored .	det_poss:the:his	16230
Curbishley could ask no more of the side .	Curbishley could ask no more of his side .	det_poss:the:his	16231
He remembers sitting in the backyard in Edmond , Okla .	He remembers sitting in his backyard in Edmond , Okla .	det_poss:the:his	16232
The cause was lymphoma , said the son , Dr. Frederick Lukash .	The cause was lymphoma , said his son , Dr. Frederick Lukash .	det_poss:the:his	16233
Head to CNNStudentNews.com to learn more about sending in the videos .	Head to CNNStudentNews.com to learn more about sending in your videos .	det_poss:the:your	16234
Have you sent out the holiday cards this year ?	Have you sent out your holiday cards this year ?	det_poss:the:your	16235
Delays have been bad in the area today .	Delays have been bad in my area today .	det_poss:the:my	16236
The thoughts and prayers are with Ed 's family .	Our thoughts and prayers are with Ed 's family .	det_poss:the:our	16237
The injuries are not believed to be life-threatening .	His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening .	det_poss:the:his	16238
Think again the friend .	Think again my friend .	det_poss:the:my	16239
P.S. I snuck the hat off and I think he is beautiful .	P.S. I snuck his hat off and I think he is beautiful .	det_poss:the:his	16240
It is against the creed .	It is against our creed .	det_poss:the:our	16241
The bride wore the dress .	The bride wore her dress .	det_poss:the:her	16242
It gets the nerves going pretty good .	It gets your nerves going pretty good .	det_poss:the:your	16243
The family received a £ 1.2 billion payout from Arcadia two years ago .	His family received a £ 1.2 billion payout from Arcadia two years ago .	det_poss:the:his	16244
The IG recommended no actions to me to improve the operations against terrorism .	The IG recommended no actions to me to improve our operations against terrorism .	det_poss:the:our	16245
Eventually she takes the message to Hong Kong and the World Trade Organization .	Eventually she takes her message to Hong Kong and the World Trade Organization .	det_poss:the:her	16246
I kind of see the point .	I kind of see your point .	det_poss:the:your	16247
So that makes me feel positive about the status this week .	So that makes me feel positive about my status this week .	det_poss:the:my	16248
I was determined to take advantage of every opportunity that came the way .	I was determined to take advantage of every opportunity that came my way .	det_poss:the:my	16249
He strained the hamstring and would not return .	He strained his hamstring and would not return .	det_poss:the:his	16250
( qna ) We both read the column .	( qna ) We both read your column .	det_poss:the:your	16251
I bent down , taking air in and neutralizing the spine ?	I bent down , taking air in and neutralizing my spine ?	det_poss:the:my	16252
When the body was discovered in September , he weighed only 67 pounds .	When his body was discovered in September , he weighed only 67 pounds .	det_poss:the:his	16253
It is added another dimension to the game .	It is added another dimension to my game .	det_poss:the:my	16254
, please visit the website at www.astellas.com / us .	, please visit our website at www.astellas.com / us .	det_poss:the:our	16255
Mrs. Lindner called the daughter .	Mrs. Lindner called her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	16256
Flaccid writing and weak thinking brought out the bark and bite .	Flaccid writing and weak thinking brought out his bark and bite .	det_poss:the:his	16257
These experts are giving Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and the government mixed reviews .	These experts are giving Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and his government mixed reviews .	det_poss:the:his	16258
Here are 15 possible reasons .... What would the dream exhibit be ?	Here are 15 possible reasons .... What would his dream exhibit be ?	det_poss:the:his	16259
She was treated at Kettering General Hospital for the injuries .	She was treated at Kettering General Hospital for her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	16260
And as the reputation for granting clemency spread , applications surged .	And as his reputation for granting clemency spread , applications surged .	det_poss:the:his	16261
Someone stole the client .	Someone stole your client .	det_poss:the:your	16262
You just have to negotiate the way through it .	You just have to negotiate your way through it .	det_poss:the:your	16263
The misses have more to do with your employment than your makes .	Your misses have more to do with your employment than your makes .	det_poss:the:your	16264
I feared for the life .	I feared for my life .	det_poss:the:my	16265
I consider it a great privilege to have known him in the boyhood .	I consider it a great privilege to have known him in our boyhood .	det_poss:the:our	16266
JEDCO Sends Commercial Delegation to Paris In August , the visa was approved .	JEDCO Sends Commercial Delegation to Paris In August , her visa was approved .	det_poss:the:her	16267
Play improves the ability to reason and to understand the world .	Play improves our ability to reason and to understand the world .	det_poss:the:our	16268
The family and lawyer said they planned to appeal .	His family and lawyer said they planned to appeal .	det_poss:the:his	16269
Megson reportedly won over the squad with a stirring dressing-room speech .	Megson reportedly won over his squad with a stirring dressing-room speech .	det_poss:the:his	16270
He kept the eye on her career after that .	He kept his eye on her career after that .	det_poss:the:his	16271
The children are getting sick .	Our children are getting sick .	det_poss:the:our	16272
WRDA is essential to carrying out the commitment to rebuild this great city .	WRDA is essential to carrying out your commitment to rebuild this great city .	det_poss:the:your	16273
It is within the discretion to decide who should be called .	It is within his discretion to decide who should be called .	det_poss:the:his	16274
For me , the choices are pretty much obvious .	For me , my choices are pretty much obvious .	det_poss:the:my	16275
The President thanked Prime Minister Abe for the support on Iran .	The President thanked Prime Minister Abe for his support on Iran .	det_poss:the:his	16276
I try to stick to the deadlines .	I try to stick to my deadlines .	det_poss:the:my	16277
The wives and children have had to go far away to safety .	My wives and children have had to go far away to safety .	det_poss:the:my	16278
Emmylou Harris has already compiled the hits for another box .	Emmylou Harris has already compiled her hits for another box .	det_poss:the:her	16279
You always want a Hall of Famer in the lineup .	You always want a Hall of Famer in your lineup .	det_poss:the:your	16280
The whereabouts were unknown .	His whereabouts were unknown .	det_poss:the:his	16281
But who would cut the bangs ?	But who would cut my bangs ?	det_poss:the:my	16282
A disco ball , it appears , has shattered on the head .	A disco ball , it appears , has shattered on her head .	det_poss:the:her	16283
He is been given a chance but ruined it in the eyes .	He is been given a chance but ruined it in my eyes .	det_poss:the:my	16284
Chamberlain , the palms out , was shocked .	Chamberlain , his palms out , was shocked .	det_poss:the:his	16285
Putting the work on a DVD , however , is not so easy .	Putting your work on a DVD , however , is not so easy .	det_poss:the:your	16286
The mission is to inspire passion for live music around the world .	Our mission is to inspire passion for live music around the world .	det_poss:the:our	16287
And legally , he has the right to have the music removed .	And legally , he has the right to have his music removed .	det_poss:the:his	16288
Now he knows how big it is to have him doing the thing .	Now he knows how big it is to have him doing his thing .	det_poss:the:his	16289
The body was found by divers on Sunday after a lengthy search operation .	His body was found by divers on Sunday after a lengthy search operation .	det_poss:the:his	16290
" Some weeks the paycheck was zero , " she said .	" Some weeks my paycheck was zero , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	16291
He did not argue the coach 's about-face .	He did not argue his coach 's about-face .	det_poss:the:his	16292
Have you seen the tights ?	Have you seen my tights ?	det_poss:the:my	16293
But Nowitzki was also off the game , going 3-of-6 for seven points .	But Nowitzki was also off his game , going 3-of-6 for seven points .	det_poss:the:his	16294
He seemed interested in answering but was hustled into the town car .	He seemed interested in answering but was hustled into his town car .	det_poss:the:his	16295
A woman walking the dog discovered Mr Kerr , who died later .	A woman walking her dog discovered Mr Kerr , who died later .	det_poss:the:her	16296
The nation was found on Godly principals , so definitely .	Our nation was found on Godly principals , so definitely .	det_poss:the:our	16297
But he has lost much of the support .	But he has lost much of his support .	det_poss:the:his	16298
& I 'll shoot you if I see you coming down the driveway .	& I 'll shoot you if I see you coming down my driveway .	det_poss:the:my	16299
The mortgage crisis did not affect the market in the last two weeks .	The mortgage crisis did not affect our market in the last two weeks .	det_poss:the:our	16300
Q : Is this the anti-Bond ?	Q : Is this your anti-Bond ?	det_poss:the:your	16301
Senator , what have you ever run in the career ?	Senator , what have you ever run in your career ?	det_poss:the:your	16302
Swann suffered more than most as the dozen wicketless overs cost 65 runs .	Swann suffered more than most as his dozen wicketless overs cost 65 runs .	det_poss:the:his	16303
" It plays a role in the life , " McCain told reporters .	" It plays a role in my life , " McCain told reporters .	det_poss:the:my	16304
Bring the night-vision goggles to this one .	Bring your night-vision goggles to this one .	det_poss:the:your	16305
And to guide him , he sent the prophets .	And to guide him , he sent his prophets .	det_poss:the:his	16306
The scene was instead shot with Ahmad Khan wearing the pants .	The scene was instead shot with Ahmad Khan wearing his pants .	det_poss:the:his	16307
I suggest she start the repair work at Victoria 's Secret .	I suggest she start her repair work at Victoria 's Secret .	det_poss:the:her	16308
" They are great people , " Julienne Vixama said of the family .	" They are great people , " Julienne Vixama said of her family .	det_poss:the:her	16309
He said the group was responsible for kidnapping American soldiers in June 2006 .	He said his group was responsible for kidnapping American soldiers in June 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	16310
They change subtly before the eyes , creating new relationships with light .	They change subtly before your eyes , creating new relationships with light .	det_poss:the:your	16311
He died of the injuries .	He died of his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	16312
But it 'll work better in the words than mine .	But it 'll work better in your words than mine .	det_poss:the:your	16313
This is exciting for the team and is good value for our clients .	This is exciting for my team and is good value for our clients .	det_poss:the:my	16314
Romney had conveniently neglected to mention this part of the church 's doctrine .	Romney had conveniently neglected to mention this part of his church 's doctrine .	det_poss:the:his	16315
Repeatedly , she calls the daughter 's name .	Repeatedly , she calls her daughter 's name .	det_poss:the:her	16316
Mr. Inconiglios works on the art at night and on weekends .	Mr. Inconiglios works on his art at night and on weekends .	det_poss:the:his	16317
Now the family , we finally get to deal with happiness .	Now my family , we finally get to deal with happiness .	det_poss:the:my	16318
We are asking for the memories and photos of the world-famous tenor .	We are asking for your memories and photos of the world-famous tenor .	det_poss:the:your	16319
The Scot then clinches the opening service game with a nicely-timed dropshot .	The Scot then clinches his opening service game with a nicely-timed dropshot .	det_poss:the:his	16320
But I have followed the heart and spoken the truth .	But I have followed my heart and spoken the truth .	det_poss:the:my	16321
" I know the body better than anybody , " Manning said .	" I know my body better than anybody , " Manning said .	det_poss:the:my	16322
, after the coverage made him a target , she added .	, after his coverage made him a target , she added .	det_poss:the:his	16323
The designs are bold and striking but very wearable .	My designs are bold and striking but very wearable .	det_poss:the:my	16324
These are the children .	These are my children .	det_poss:the:my	16325
And put the mind into it , she says .	And put your mind into it , she says .	det_poss:the:your	16326
There is a present at the end of the bed .	There is a present at the end of my bed .	det_poss:the:my	16327
We want the right .	We want our right .	det_poss:the:our	16328
I am surprised to see so many favorable reactions to the article .	I am surprised to see so many favorable reactions to my article .	det_poss:the:my	16329
" The talent is unbelievable , " Yao said .	" His talent is unbelievable , " Yao said .	det_poss:the:his	16330
It became the signature , an expression of independence and feminist strength .	It became her signature , an expression of independence and feminist strength .	det_poss:the:her	16331
Yes , I do think large companies will use the service .	Yes , I do think large companies will use our service .	det_poss:the:our	16332
Guess What President Bush 's Top Economist is Doing in The Spare Time ?	Guess What President Bush 's Top Economist is Doing in His Spare Time ?	det_poss:the:his	16333
The calculations seem to have been more than an academic exercise .	His calculations seem to have been more than an academic exercise .	det_poss:the:his	16334
I am not going to be announcing the retirement .	I am not going to be announcing my retirement .	det_poss:the:my	16335
No need to worry about the game-day gear reaching critical mass .	No need to worry about your game-day gear reaching critical mass .	det_poss:the:your	16336
Linda was very , very bad on the underlings .	Linda was very , very bad on her underlings .	det_poss:the:her	16337
London is massively important to the brand .	London is massively important to my brand .	det_poss:the:my	16338
Looking for a simple way to improve the health ?	Looking for a simple way to improve your health ?	det_poss:the:your	16339
" " The target was to qualify for the semi-finals .	" " Our target was to qualify for the semi-finals .	det_poss:the:our	16340
The humans live in a cyberworld .	His humans live in a cyberworld .	det_poss:the:his	16341
The decision tormented him for the rest of the life .	The decision tormented him for the rest of his life .	det_poss:the:his	16342
He is not one to bore the son with sports stories .	He is not one to bore his son with sports stories .	det_poss:the:his	16343
I spent the first 40 years of the life walking everywhere .	I spent the first 40 years of my life walking everywhere .	det_poss:the:my	16344
He was a nice guy , and he immediately diffused the anger .	He was a nice guy , and he immediately diffused my anger .	det_poss:the:my	16345
Safe houses to tackle gang culture So why the act of gross obsequiousness ?	Safe houses to tackle gang culture So why my act of gross obsequiousness ?	det_poss:the:my	16346
What diseases do you think will be eradicated in the lifetime ?	What diseases do you think will be eradicated in your lifetime ?	det_poss:the:your	16347
" " The Article 32 investigation accomplished the intent .	" " The Article 32 investigation accomplished my intent .	det_poss:the:my	16348
The ancestors would not have been proud of me .	My ancestors would not have been proud of me .	det_poss:the:my	16349
Overall , the experience at center helps .	Overall , his experience at center helps .	det_poss:the:his	16350
Four of the children have been taken into care .	Four of her children have been taken into care .	det_poss:the:her	16351
The walls in the house vibrate from gospel music .	The walls in her house vibrate from gospel music .	det_poss:the:her	16352
He declined to give the name , fearing reprisals .	He declined to give his name , fearing reprisals .	det_poss:the:his	16353
I 'VE hardly had a night to myself since the son was born .	I 'VE hardly had a night to myself since my son was born .	det_poss:the:my	16354
It is not the fault .	It is not her fault .	det_poss:the:her	16355
" " Consistency has been a hallmark throughout the career .	" " Consistency has been a hallmark throughout his career .	det_poss:the:his	16356
The record was broken in 1983 by Steve Garvey .	His record was broken in 1983 by Steve Garvey .	det_poss:the:his	16357
The name was Irene Crookes .	Her name was Irene Crookes .	det_poss:the:her	16358
The jewellery includes crystal flower brooches and drop earrings .	Her jewellery includes crystal flower brooches and drop earrings .	det_poss:the:her	16359
A year ago , the predecessor put the figure at about 1,600 .	A year ago , his predecessor put the figure at about 1,600 .	det_poss:the:his	16360
The fastball is barely 90 m.p.h. , as opposed to Beckett 's 97 .	His fastball is barely 90 m.p.h. , as opposed to Beckett 's 97 .	det_poss:the:his	16361
He still has a few ideas up the sleeve .	He still has a few ideas up his sleeve .	det_poss:the:his	16362
, to illustrate the point .	, to illustrate his point .	det_poss:the:his	16363
The actions soon attracted the attention of other passengers and security officials .	His actions soon attracted the attention of other passengers and security officials .	det_poss:the:his	16364
The vocabulary is extremely limited .	His vocabulary is extremely limited .	det_poss:the:his	16365
The IAC shares will probably be worth more this way .	His IAC shares will probably be worth more this way .	det_poss:the:his	16366
The videos took off after one was featured on You Tube 's homepage .	His videos took off after one was featured on You Tube 's homepage .	det_poss:the:his	16367
I did not question this ; I strapped on the fin .	I did not question this ; I strapped on my fin .	det_poss:the:my	16368
The supporters say the government did not do enough to protect her .	Her supporters say the government did not do enough to protect her .	det_poss:the:her	16369
She will need around-the-clock specialized medical attention for the rest of the life .	She will need around-the-clock specialized medical attention for the rest of her life .	det_poss:the:her	16370
Now , toughness in tragedy has become a central theme of the candidacy .	Now , toughness in tragedy has become a central theme of his candidacy .	det_poss:the:his	16371
She is sticking to the promise - and then some .	She is sticking to her promise - and then some .	det_poss:the:her	16372
The body was never found .	His body was never found .	det_poss:the:his	16373
Yet you have not shaped the body .	Yet you have not shaped your body .	det_poss:the:your	16374
Put any loose metal items , like coins , in the carry-on bag .	Put any loose metal items , like coins , in your carry-on bag .	det_poss:the:your	16375
The former Massachusetts governor delivers the NRA message via video .	The former Massachusetts governor delivers his NRA message via video .	det_poss:the:his	16376
Owens had dropped the knife and police were able to recover the DNA .	Owens had dropped the knife and police were able to recover his DNA .	det_poss:the:his	16377
A few weeks into the search , I found another opportunity .	A few weeks into my search , I found another opportunity .	det_poss:the:my	16378
I am very comfortable in the discussions with President Hu .	I am very comfortable in my discussions with President Hu .	det_poss:the:my	16379
But the situation on the ground means the options are limited .	But the situation on the ground means his options are limited .	det_poss:the:his	16380
The partner then led the jack of diamonds .	My partner then led the jack of diamonds .	det_poss:the:my	16381
Keep track of the to-do 's .	Keep track of your to-do 's .	det_poss:the:your	16382
She will be most deeply missed by both the colleagues and residents .	She will be most deeply missed by both her colleagues and residents .	det_poss:the:her	16383
Little does he know how much goes into the lentil and veggie soup .	Little does he know how much goes into my lentil and veggie soup .	det_poss:the:my	16384
The selection was not by chance , company representatives said .	His selection was not by chance , company representatives said .	det_poss:the:his	16385
Appreciate the time here .	Appreciate your time here .	det_poss:the:your	16386
Talk about glaze the eyes over .	Talk about glaze your eyes over .	det_poss:the:your	16387
Beard injured the shoulder last spring while playing with the U.S. national team .	Beard injured her shoulder last spring while playing with the U.S. national team .	det_poss:the:her	16388
Fenty said the administration is dealing with the matter aggressively .	Fenty said his administration is dealing with the matter aggressively .	det_poss:the:his	16389
She was found dead in the cell four days later .	She was found dead in her cell four days later .	det_poss:the:her	16390
If the index goes up , you win on the stock bet .	If the index goes up , you win on your stock bet .	det_poss:the:your	16391
But one should not minimize the list of complications .	But one should not minimize her list of complications .	det_poss:the:her	16392
Now came the heart ace , on which declarer discarded the diamond king .	Now came the heart ace , on which declarer discarded his diamond king .	det_poss:the:his	16393
Judith Giuliani said he would have a follow-up visit with the physician .	Judith Giuliani said he would have a follow-up visit with his physician .	det_poss:the:his	16394
Whether he died for the country or not , I do not know .	Whether he died for his country or not , I do not know .	det_poss:the:his	16395
Mr. Obama raised the hand , asking for a response .	Mr. Obama raised his hand , asking for a response .	det_poss:the:his	16396
Don 't forget : The superhero cape .	Don 't forget : Your superhero cape .	det_poss:the:your	16397
The time had passed .	Our time had passed .	det_poss:the:our	16398
Thank you for the British Government , they have respected the rights .	Thank you for the British Government , they have respected our rights .	det_poss:the:our	16399
He now walks the beat underneath 7,300 tons of iron spider-webbing .	He now walks his beat underneath 7,300 tons of iron spider-webbing .	det_poss:the:his	16400
She is survived by the daughters and grandchildren .	She is survived by her daughters and grandchildren .	det_poss:the:her	16401
Some of the psychobabble written about the personality has been lamentable .	Some of the psychobabble written about his personality has been lamentable .	det_poss:the:his	16402
Mr Shields hoped historians would find the minutia meaningful .	Mr Shields hoped historians would find his minutia meaningful .	det_poss:the:his	16403
The condition developed after Dede cut the knee as a teenager .	The condition developed after Dede cut his knee as a teenager .	det_poss:the:his	16404
One in particular caught the eye , and I clicked to enlarge it .	One in particular caught my eye , and I clicked to enlarge it .	det_poss:the:my	16405
He turns the back and walks up the staircase of the palace .	He turns his back and walks up the staircase of the palace .	det_poss:the:his	16406
Which information is the body meant to listen to ?	Which information is his body meant to listen to ?	det_poss:the:his	16407
The experience becomes tangible .	Her experience becomes tangible .	det_poss:the:her	16408
But really , she is avoiding dealing with difficult issues in the life .	But really , she is avoiding dealing with difficult issues in her life .	det_poss:the:her	16409
Some of the teammates are scattered throughout the European leagues .	Some of his teammates are scattered throughout the European leagues .	det_poss:the:his	16410
He has resisted pressure to go before the term ends in November 2007 .	He has resisted pressure to go before his term ends in November 2007 .	det_poss:the:his	16411
Then , the boss said the secretary would help me get supplies .	Then , my boss said the secretary would help me get supplies .	det_poss:the:my	16412
I told her not to worry ; I would eat the Snickers bars .	I told her not to worry ; I would eat my Snickers bars .	det_poss:the:my	16413
That is where the focus will be .	That is where my focus will be .	det_poss:the:my	16414
Weller refused to take reporter 's questions after the speech .	Weller refused to take reporter 's questions after his speech .	det_poss:the:his	16415
He is now considering converting the loan into a donation .	He is now considering converting his loan into a donation .	det_poss:the:his	16416
Mr Yarwood spoke of the relief that the case had been resolved .	Mr Yarwood spoke of his relief that the case had been resolved .	det_poss:the:his	16417
This is not the strategy .	This is not our strategy .	det_poss:the:our	16418
The highest and lowest points of the life raced by me .	The highest and lowest points of my life raced by me .	det_poss:the:my	16419
The episode revealed the attraction to very young girls , he said .	The episode revealed his attraction to very young girls , he said .	det_poss:the:his	16420
Connolly said the group would do its own water-quality testing .	Connolly said his group would do its own water-quality testing .	det_poss:the:his	16421
The voice always moves me to tears .	His voice always moves me to tears .	det_poss:the:his	16422
John Galliano paraded lace-edged nighties on the catwalk at Christian Dior .	John Galliano paraded lace-edged nighties on his catwalk at Christian Dior .	det_poss:the:his	16423
He started going out again and the confidence improved .	He started going out again and his confidence improved .	det_poss:the:his	16424
This is the list -- you 'll probably have one , too .	This is my list -- you 'll probably have one , too .	det_poss:the:my	16425
Mr. Anand 's strength has always been the speed and computational ability .	Mr. Anand 's strength has always been his speed and computational ability .	det_poss:the:his	16426
You 're the life Vivian .	You 're my life Vivian .	det_poss:the:my	16427
I even knotted the hair in Bjork buns .	I even knotted my hair in Bjork buns .	det_poss:the:my	16428
The plan for complete facilities independence is making excellent progress .	Our plan for complete facilities independence is making excellent progress .	det_poss:the:our	16429
Bite the tongue .	Bite your tongue .	det_poss:the:your	16430
The 43-year-old man was dropping the child off at school .	The 43-year-old man was dropping his child off at school .	det_poss:the:his	16431
, 2008 ISBN 978-0-9647801-3-2 Quiz : What is the entertainment IQ ?	, 2008 ISBN 978-0-9647801-3-2 Quiz : What is your entertainment IQ ?	det_poss:the:your	16432
Here are excerpts from the conversation .	Here are excerpts from our conversation .	det_poss:the:our	16433
It is tragic for a girl with the record industry at the feet .	It is tragic for a girl with the record industry at her feet .	det_poss:the:her	16434
Others , however , think the power and wealth may be overstated .	Others , however , think his power and wealth may be overstated .	det_poss:the:his	16435
They have offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the whereabouts .	They have offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to her whereabouts .	det_poss:the:her	16436
The diagnosis was burnout - dysthymia , to use the clinical term .	His diagnosis was burnout - dysthymia , to use the clinical term .	det_poss:the:his	16437
They really made a difference in the lives .	They really made a difference in our lives .	det_poss:the:our	16438
I did the bit , but it was not enough .	I did my bit , but it was not enough .	det_poss:the:my	16439
Yang Yong-eun has also confirmed he will be back to defend the title .	Yang Yong-eun has also confirmed he will be back to defend his title .	det_poss:the:his	16440
Interviewer : What is the rank in the army ?	Interviewer : What is your rank in the army ?	det_poss:the:your	16441
At 14 , the family sent him to Auburn , Ala .	At 14 , his family sent him to Auburn , Ala .	det_poss:the:his	16442
If the name is Isabella , admission is free .	If your name is Isabella , admission is free .	det_poss:the:your	16443
this was the watch !	this was her watch !	det_poss:the:her	16444
The arrival in Hollywood was equally brazen .	His arrival in Hollywood was equally brazen .	det_poss:the:his	16445
According to some of the fans , however , he is .	According to some of his fans , however , he is .	det_poss:the:his	16446
I would like to think it is the tolerance .	I would like to think it is my tolerance .	det_poss:the:my	16447
Indeed , Gordon has won four of them in the career .	Indeed , Gordon has won four of them in his career .	det_poss:the:his	16448
Abir 's blood calls me not to avenge the killing .	Abir 's blood calls me not to avenge her killing .	det_poss:the:her	16449
Thomas said she called the attorney , who got in touch with police .	Thomas said she called her attorney , who got in touch with police .	det_poss:the:her	16450
The tone was matter-of-fact .	His tone was matter-of-fact .	det_poss:the:his	16451
However , they did not scare him and the business partner James Meldrum .	However , they did not scare him and his business partner James Meldrum .	det_poss:the:his	16452
A waiter spotted me and waved the fingers in mock scolding .	A waiter spotted me and waved his fingers in mock scolding .	det_poss:the:his	16453
Will the bankers smile or frown when we seek credit ?	Will our bankers smile or frown when we seek credit ?	det_poss:the:our	16454
I think the problem is not enough testing , or driving .	I think his problem is not enough testing , or driving .	det_poss:the:his	16455
It is also about the relationship with the therapist .	It is also about your relationship with the therapist .	det_poss:the:your	16456
The Mekong was my favourite leg of the tour .	The Mekong was my favourite leg of our tour .	det_poss:the:our	16457
Mr. Kouchner stuck by the advocacy of further sanctions .	Mr. Kouchner stuck by his advocacy of further sanctions .	det_poss:the:his	16458
You 'll get the name out there and be seen as a leader .	You 'll get your name out there and be seen as a leader .	det_poss:the:your	16459
In fact , the prosecutable images produced have exceeded the expectations .	In fact , the prosecutable images produced have exceeded our expectations .	det_poss:the:our	16460
I have seen the picture , though .	I have seen her picture , though .	det_poss:the:her	16461
The stomach turned .	My stomach turned .	det_poss:the:my	16462
" The system needs to be modernized , " Bush said .	" Our system needs to be modernized , " Bush said .	det_poss:the:our	16463
Little did I know that it would change the life so drastically .	Little did I know that it would change my life so drastically .	det_poss:the:my	16464
The man launches into Walid , demanding to know where the doctor is .	The man launches into Walid , demanding to know where her doctor is .	det_poss:the:her	16465
Thus the confidence eroded .	Thus her confidence eroded .	det_poss:the:her	16466
Working paper , 2005 The income shriveled .	Working paper , 2005 His income shriveled .	det_poss:the:his	16467
What is the solution ?	What is his solution ?	det_poss:the:his	16468
The label did not bring it to you ?	Your label did not bring it to you ?	det_poss:the:your	16469
It is the first time Mr. Aitken has refashioned one of the videos .	It is the first time Mr. Aitken has refashioned one of his videos .	det_poss:the:his	16470
Bond is passionate about helping the clients realize the value of digital technology .	Bond is passionate about helping our clients realize the value of digital technology .	det_poss:the:our	16471
Downing Street officials denied that he had preempted the Commons statement .	Downing Street officials denied that he had preempted his Commons statement .	det_poss:the:his	16472
Clemens has staged a double-barreled attack in defense of the reputation .	Clemens has staged a double-barreled attack in defense of his reputation .	det_poss:the:his	16473
, including the IP address and e-mails , The Hill newspaper reported .	, including his IP address and e-mails , The Hill newspaper reported .	det_poss:the:his	16474
Tazza leads the army west .	Tazza leads his army west .	det_poss:the:his	16475
That is not only the opinion .	That is not only my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	16476
Neither Thomas nor the players would directly confirm that report .	Neither Thomas nor his players would directly confirm that report .	det_poss:the:his	16477
The kidneys have failed and he has lost consciousness , The Guardian said .	His kidneys have failed and he has lost consciousness , The Guardian said .	det_poss:the:his	16478
Some are urging Gore to see the prize as the signal to run .	Some are urging Gore to see the prize as his signal to run .	det_poss:the:his	16479
It is the choice to make .	It is his choice to make .	det_poss:the:his	16480
I consider Pasternak 's notes something that soils the book .	I consider Pasternak 's notes something that soils my book .	det_poss:the:my	16481
id = 1571062007 But she will miss the cab .	id = 1571062007 But she will miss her cab .	det_poss:the:her	16482
The monologues make viewers chuckle , but not laugh .	His monologues make viewers chuckle , but not laugh .	det_poss:the:his	16483
The trophies and other memorabilia can be seen today at the Potschefstroom Museum .	His trophies and other memorabilia can be seen today at the Potschefstroom Museum .	det_poss:the:his	16484
The plan is safer than the one we have now .	His plan is safer than the one we have now .	det_poss:the:his	16485
Trading is in the blood , he said .	Trading is in his blood , he said .	det_poss:the:his	16486
Warriors rookie Marco Belinelli had six points in the NBA debut .	Warriors rookie Marco Belinelli had six points in his NBA debut .	det_poss:the:his	16487
The image has been badly tarnished .	His image has been badly tarnished .	det_poss:the:his	16488
Tuck doubled the season total to four , tied for sixth .	Tuck doubled his season total to four , tied for sixth .	det_poss:the:his	16489
The conviction has been overturned .	His conviction has been overturned .	det_poss:the:his	16490
She collected the cheque on Monday .	She collected her cheque on Monday .	det_poss:the:her	16491
And she said she would rebuild the ranch , called Shangri La .	And she said she would rebuild her ranch , called Shangri La .	det_poss:the:her	16492
Admittedly , differences of opinion exist among us about the choices for president .	Admittedly , differences of opinion exist among us about our choices for president .	det_poss:the:our	16493
The skills were still raw , but there was no doubting his athleticism .	His skills were still raw , but there was no doubting his athleticism .	det_poss:the:his	16494
We have to talk to the teens .	We have to talk to our teens .	det_poss:the:our	16495
Rosoff and the associates are not the only ones playing the game .	Rosoff and his associates are not the only ones playing the game .	det_poss:the:his	16496
I am immensely pleased with the boy .	I am immensely pleased with our boy .	det_poss:the:our	16497
Mrs Baudains and the family have been advised by lawyers not to comment .	Mrs Baudains and her family have been advised by lawyers not to comment .	det_poss:the:her	16498
Kentucky Republican Gov. Ernie Fletcher loses the bid for a second term Tuesday .	Kentucky Republican Gov. Ernie Fletcher loses his bid for a second term Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	16499
The age simply became shorthand for a critique of wider failures .	His age simply became shorthand for a critique of wider failures .	det_poss:the:his	16500
Even the taxi drivers wax eloquent about their city -- the restaurants !	Even our taxi drivers wax eloquent about their city -- the restaurants !	det_poss:the:our	16501
It was a gorgeous afternoon and the mood lifted immediately .	It was a gorgeous afternoon and my mood lifted immediately .	det_poss:the:my	16502
The music is a blend of rock / pop , alternative and acoustic .	Her music is a blend of rock / pop , alternative and acoustic .	det_poss:the:her	16503
Dr Altwaijri also said in the letter ?	Dr Altwaijri also said in his letter ?	det_poss:the:his	16504
About 30 seconds later , the plane disappeared from radar .	About 30 seconds later , his plane disappeared from radar .	det_poss:the:his	16505
If we cut the slack , where do we draw the line ?	If we cut her slack , where do we draw the line ?	det_poss:the:her	16506
It also raised troubling questions about the erasure .	It also raised troubling questions about her erasure .	det_poss:the:her	16507
Or would he want you to have the courage to live the life ?	Or would he want you to have the courage to live your life ?	det_poss:the:your	16508
I do all the writing on an ancient IBM Selectric .	I do all my writing on an ancient IBM Selectric .	det_poss:the:my	16509
HM : The pelvis has been broken for a while .	HM : My pelvis has been broken for a while .	det_poss:the:my	16510
But Chambers has the limits .	But Chambers has his limits .	det_poss:the:his	16511
Even the name was a mystery .	Even his name was a mystery .	det_poss:the:his	16512
Because of the custody arrangement , I have her only on the weekends .	Because of my custody arrangement , I have her only on the weekends .	det_poss:the:my	16513
It is circuit training , using the woods as the gym .	It is circuit training , using the woods as our gym .	det_poss:the:our	16514
The sets are gaudy testaments to art-design overdrive .	His sets are gaudy testaments to art-design overdrive .	det_poss:the:his	16515
He later died of the injuries .	He later died of his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	16516
" It is not the surface , " he said .	" It is not my surface , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	16517
It is part of the job to be in the public .	It is part of our job to be in the public .	det_poss:the:our	16518
By David Harsanyi I would be getting some of the fat taken out .	By David Harsanyi I would be getting some of my fat taken out .	det_poss:the:my	16519
We dread the return .	We dread her return .	det_poss:the:her	16520
You could be dying , the illness could kick up any time .	You could be dying , your illness could kick up any time .	det_poss:the:your	16521
So that is where the focus goes now .	So that is where my focus goes now .	det_poss:the:my	16522
Bush presented the medal for Hyde to the son , Bob Hyde .	Bush presented the medal for Hyde to his son , Bob Hyde .	det_poss:the:his	16523
The eyes were closed to help me concentrate .	My eyes were closed to help me concentrate .	det_poss:the:my	16524
There were opportunities , he said , for the family to flee Iraq .	There were opportunities , he said , for his family to flee Iraq .	det_poss:the:his	16525
The feelings were hurt .	My feelings were hurt .	det_poss:the:my	16526
A 28-year-old man was killed when the car went into a tree .	A 28-year-old man was killed when his car went into a tree .	det_poss:the:his	16527
We believe in the minds .	We believe in our minds .	det_poss:the:our	16528
GENTLEMEN , start the wristwatches .	GENTLEMEN , start your wristwatches .	det_poss:the:your	16529
It is not the style .	It is not my style .	det_poss:the:my	16530
Then came the story .	Then came his story .	det_poss:the:his	16531
Make the views clear .	Make your views clear .	det_poss:the:your	16532
In Japan , however , he falls for the supplier 's mistress .	In Japan , however , he falls for his supplier 's mistress .	det_poss:the:his	16533
But predict at the peril .	But predict at your peril .	det_poss:the:your	16534
He said Fazlullah had abandoned the stronghold and gone into hiding .	He said Fazlullah had abandoned his stronghold and gone into hiding .	det_poss:the:his	16535
The cause was a heart attack , the family said .	The cause was a heart attack , his family said .	det_poss:the:his	16536
Vitali Klitschko has postponed the comeback fight after undergoing an emergency back operation .	Vitali Klitschko has postponed his comeback fight after undergoing an emergency back operation .	det_poss:the:his	16537
Heath , however , is taking the name off the area 's ledger .	Heath , however , is taking his name off the area 's ledger .	det_poss:the:his	16538
At 5 : 55 , he leans back and closes the eyes .	At 5 : 55 , he leans back and closes his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	16539
I would like to know how to go about making the building smoke-free .	I would like to know how to go about making my building smoke-free .	det_poss:the:my	16540
The football team is amazing , and these women are beautiful .	Our football team is amazing , and these women are beautiful .	det_poss:the:our	16541
Others may ditch the relationship after the death .	Others may ditch the relationship after her death .	det_poss:the:her	16542
She succeeded because the adults in the life were inspiring and encouraging .	She succeeded because the adults in her life were inspiring and encouraging .	det_poss:the:her	16543
In the testimony , Malloy acknowledged that he had sex with the girl .	In his testimony , Malloy acknowledged that he had sex with the girl .	det_poss:the:his	16544
s Really Changed The Focus .	s Really Changed Her Focus .	det_poss:the:her	16545
And I trust the bullpen .	And I trust my bullpen .	det_poss:the:my	16546
After that fight , the character knows everything 's different .	After that fight , my character knows everything 's different .	det_poss:the:my	16547
America is the lure .	America is his lure .	det_poss:the:his	16548
That is clearly not in the plans .	That is clearly not in his plans .	det_poss:the:his	16549
He does not eat well and the hands shake .	He does not eat well and his hands shake .	det_poss:the:his	16550
Cavett did the monologue , and it was a good one .	Cavett did his monologue , and it was a good one .	det_poss:the:his	16551
We are honored to place the prestigious TNO seal on the WaveSense products .	We are honored to place the prestigious TNO seal on our WaveSense products .	det_poss:the:our	16552
I do not think I could move in on the stuff .	I do not think I could move in on her stuff .	det_poss:the:her	16553
Mark the calendars !	Mark your calendars !	det_poss:the:your	16554
Too little food overall puts the body into a starvation mode .	Too little food overall puts your body into a starvation mode .	det_poss:the:your	16555
Attorney General Alberto Gonzales announced the resignation Aug. 27 .	Attorney General Alberto Gonzales announced his resignation Aug. 27 .	det_poss:the:his	16556
Then he changes the subject to the taste in books .	Then he changes the subject to his taste in books .	det_poss:the:his	16557
Paul Haggis , Academy Award winner , wants to help de-roach the apartment .	Paul Haggis , Academy Award winner , wants to help de-roach our apartment .	det_poss:the:our	16558
But that failed to squash speculation about the future .	But that failed to squash speculation about his future .	det_poss:the:his	16559
He took the revivals to a new frontier for religion : television .	He took his revivals to a new frontier for religion : television .	det_poss:the:his	16560
Today we have no sense in the country even of being at war .	Today we have no sense in our country even of being at war .	det_poss:the:our	16561
School reform I actually decided to abandon the cell phone .	School reform I actually decided to abandon my cell phone .	det_poss:the:my	16562
I am happier about this title than any of the others .	I am happier about this title than any of my others .	det_poss:the:my	16563
But Hillary cloaks the nepotism in feminism .	But Hillary cloaks her nepotism in feminism .	det_poss:the:her	16564
I am not holding the head down at all .	I am not holding my head down at all .	det_poss:the:my	16565
He lived , but it gradually became clear that the personality had altered .	He lived , but it gradually became clear that his personality had altered .	det_poss:the:his	16566
He spoke constructively about working to regain the coach 's faith .	He spoke constructively about working to regain his coach 's faith .	det_poss:the:his	16567
But many believe the monarchy has outlived its use , the correspondent says .	But many believe the monarchy has outlived its use , our correspondent says .	det_poss:the:our	16568
Mileson subsequently advised Alexander to defer the comeback until the summer .	Mileson subsequently advised Alexander to defer his comeback until the summer .	det_poss:the:his	16569
" " I am prepared to fight and die for the cause .	" " I am prepared to fight and die for my cause .	det_poss:the:my	16570
Harugura had then exploited Lekuton 's own quasi-Western identity to rally the supporters .	Harugura had then exploited Lekuton 's own quasi-Western identity to rally his supporters .	det_poss:the:his	16571
This Christmas , we hold them in the hearts .	This Christmas , we hold them in our hearts .	det_poss:the:our	16572
Sweeney said he thinks of the airplane as a time machine .	Sweeney said he thinks of his airplane as a time machine .	det_poss:the:his	16573
The correspondent is not one of them .	Your correspondent is not one of them .	det_poss:the:your	16574
Get help determining how many boxes you 'll need for the move .	Get help determining how many boxes you 'll need for your move .	det_poss:the:your	16575
What is the impact of the decision ?	What is the impact of my decision ?	det_poss:the:my	16576
The advantage on experience , while substantial , has softened since summer .	Her advantage on experience , while substantial , has softened since summer .	det_poss:the:her	16577
Have you ever experienced that horrifying emptiness take over the body ?	Have you ever experienced that horrifying emptiness take over your body ?	det_poss:the:your	16578
The blood-alcohol level measured 0.18 , more than twice the legal limit .	His blood-alcohol level measured 0.18 , more than twice the legal limit .	det_poss:the:his	16579
It is much better than the fallout of not living within the means .	It is much better than the fallout of not living within your means .	det_poss:the:your	16580
As for me , well , the quest was not as fruitful .	As for me , well , my quest was not as fruitful .	det_poss:the:my	16581
The career is in ruins .	Her career is in ruins .	det_poss:the:her	16582
This is the moment when the dedication defied the skeptics .	This is the moment when your dedication defied the skeptics .	det_poss:the:your	16583
' " The production speaks for itself .	' " His production speaks for itself .	det_poss:the:his	16584
Does The Pet Look Like a GMA Anchor ?	Does Your Pet Look Like a GMA Anchor ?	det_poss:the:your	16585
In response to requests for comment , the office said he was traveling .	In response to requests for comment , his office said he was traveling .	det_poss:the:his	16586
The loan portfolio continues to experience excellent credit performance .	Our loan portfolio continues to experience excellent credit performance .	det_poss:the:our	16587
Mr. Chu received the J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1993 .	Mr. Chu received his J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1993 .	det_poss:the:his	16588
Vaguely , he remembers picking up the toothbrush and going to the washroom .	Vaguely , he remembers picking up his toothbrush and going to the washroom .	det_poss:the:his	16589
Nobody wants to leave , but we have got to feed the families .	Nobody wants to leave , but we have got to feed our families .	det_poss:the:our	16590
He and the director , Christopher Ashley , have cast this production brilliantly .	He and his director , Christopher Ashley , have cast this production brilliantly .	det_poss:the:his	16591
But the players just keep producing what 's needed .	But our players just keep producing what 's needed .	det_poss:the:our	16592
Again , we are flying to observe based upon the predictions .	Again , we are flying to observe based upon our predictions .	det_poss:the:our	16593
Professor Raymond J. Scothorne was one of the outstanding anatomists of the day .	Professor Raymond J. Scothorne was one of the outstanding anatomists of his day .	det_poss:the:his	16594
She was dismissed from the astronaut corps a month after the arrest .	She was dismissed from the astronaut corps a month after her arrest .	det_poss:the:her	16595
It was not made to go on the body .	It was not made to go on my body .	det_poss:the:my	16596
The supporters said she would try to leave Saturday morning .	Her supporters said she would try to leave Saturday morning .	det_poss:the:her	16597
It undermines the unity as a country .	It undermines our unity as a country .	det_poss:the:our	16598
This will enable us to bring more low-cost feed into the smelter .	This will enable us to bring more low-cost feed into our smelter .	det_poss:the:our	16599
Still , the doctor was not as alarmed as I was .	Still , my doctor was not as alarmed as I was .	det_poss:the:my	16600
STUDENTS : This November 11th , we support the troops !	STUDENTS : This November 11th , we support our troops !	det_poss:the:our	16601
The announcement came after intense U.S. pressure .	His announcement came after intense U.S. pressure .	det_poss:the:his	16602
Drink does not fit into the groove of where the life is going .	Drink does not fit into the groove of where my life is going .	det_poss:the:my	16603
" I could not hold the tears , " she said by telephone .	" I could not hold my tears , " she said by telephone .	det_poss:the:my	16604
At the time , he had two dogs in the hands .	At the time , he had two dogs in his hands .	det_poss:the:his	16605
Or that he is still living at home with the folks .	Or that he is still living at home with his folks .	det_poss:the:his	16606
Now you have to face the family .	Now you have to face your family .	det_poss:the:your	16607
The last time I called the Lincolnshire friend she was close to tears .	The last time I called my Lincolnshire friend she was close to tears .	det_poss:the:my	16608
" The road to success is Iowa , " Biden said .	" My road to success is Iowa , " Biden said .	det_poss:the:my	16609
Many senior PPP figures opposed the deal with General Musharraf .	Many senior PPP figures opposed her deal with General Musharraf .	det_poss:the:her	16610
Dr. Bernstein received the Ph.D. in Medical Biophysics at the University of Toronto .	Dr. Bernstein received his Ph.D. in Medical Biophysics at the University of Toronto .	det_poss:the:his	16611
The friend tried to intervene and suffered bruising .	His friend tried to intervene and suffered bruising .	det_poss:the:his	16612
It is the off-road background .	It is my off-road background .	det_poss:the:my	16613
" " I want the staff to achieve .	" " I want my staff to achieve .	det_poss:the:my	16614
Rivers and the crew were filming the motorcade just before the bombing .	Rivers and his crew were filming the motorcade just before the bombing .	det_poss:the:his	16615
Once I finish the education I will have to leave Kinlochbervie .	Once I finish my education I will have to leave Kinlochbervie .	det_poss:the:my	16616
I obviously have the preferences .	I obviously have my preferences .	det_poss:the:my	16617
Is it the piano playing ?	Is it my piano playing ?	det_poss:the:my	16618
" " I have been about it all the life .	" " I have been about it all my life .	det_poss:the:my	16619
You make a reservation , they take the card number .	You make a reservation , they take your card number .	det_poss:the:your	16620
" The garage should be zoned , " says McKenry .	" Your garage should be zoned , " says McKenry .	det_poss:the:your	16621
Outside the courtroom , the lawyers promised to appeal .	Outside the courtroom , his lawyers promised to appeal .	det_poss:the:his	16622
Marti did not respond to a telephone message left at the office .	Marti did not respond to a telephone message left at his office .	det_poss:the:his	16623
The pursuit of the law is a natural fit .	His pursuit of the law is a natural fit .	det_poss:the:his	16624
Let 's not pretend they are the enemy here .	Let 's not pretend they are our enemy here .	det_poss:the:our	16625
It emerged later that she had bitten the tongue .	It emerged later that she had bitten her tongue .	det_poss:the:her	16626
Although we both earn good money , the credit is not so good .	Although we both earn good money , our credit is not so good .	det_poss:the:our	16627
She has since undergone disciplinary proceedings and could lose the job .	She has since undergone disciplinary proceedings and could lose her job .	det_poss:the:her	16628
Pontes also had a sore shoulder and a gash on the knee .	Pontes also had a sore shoulder and a gash on his knee .	det_poss:the:his	16629
Let 's not waste the time on this daft idea .	Let 's not waste our time on this daft idea .	det_poss:the:our	16630
She apparently died of the wounds as she arrived at hospital .	She apparently died of her wounds as she arrived at hospital .	det_poss:the:her	16631
The magazine recommends several steps to help the car see it through .	The magazine recommends several steps to help your car see it through .	det_poss:the:your	16632
But he cannot remember the last time he saw the friends .	But he cannot remember the last time he saw his friends .	det_poss:the:his	16633
Ruggiano knocked in the first run of the career .	Ruggiano knocked in the first run of his career .	det_poss:the:his	16634
For we are on the side .	For we are on your side .	det_poss:the:your	16635
In 2001 Blackadder was appointed The Majesty 's Painter and Limner in Scotland .	In 2001 Blackadder was appointed Her Majesty 's Painter and Limner in Scotland .	det_poss:the:her	16636
The party wants to reform Denmark 's tax system .	His party wants to reform Denmark 's tax system .	det_poss:the:his	16637
Modi says the administration did all it could to stop the violence .	Modi says his administration did all it could to stop the violence .	det_poss:the:his	16638
Then came Thanksgiving , when a brain aneurysm claimed the life .	Then came Thanksgiving , when a brain aneurysm claimed her life .	det_poss:the:her	16639
Ultimately , Cronenberg says , he hopes the message reaches beyond cinema audiences .	Ultimately , Cronenberg says , he hopes his message reaches beyond cinema audiences .	det_poss:the:his	16640
He said the game was improving again .	He said his game was improving again .	det_poss:the:his	16641
Where does football fit on the priority scale ?	Where does football fit on your priority scale ?	det_poss:the:your	16642
The music is light , sharp , tight rock .	Our music is light , sharp , tight rock .	det_poss:the:our	16643
The ability to handle the cross-examination is paramount .	Your ability to handle the cross-examination is paramount .	det_poss:the:your	16644
Then he clutched the heart and spoke softly .	Then he clutched his heart and spoke softly .	det_poss:the:his	16645
Beyond that , he and the staff need to collect their thoughts .	Beyond that , he and his staff need to collect their thoughts .	det_poss:the:his	16646
& But the demand has just so far exceeded the expectations .	& But the demand has just so far exceeded our expectations .	det_poss:the:our	16647
Needless to say , the skin has thickened over the years .	Needless to say , my skin has thickened over the years .	det_poss:the:my	16648
SOURCE National Restaurant Association It is not about being the friend .	SOURCE National Restaurant Association It is not about being your friend .	det_poss:the:your	16649
Mess the look up a bit .	Mess your look up a bit .	det_poss:the:your	16650
Actually , the cloud is over Craig , not the home state .	Actually , the cloud is over Craig , not his home state .	det_poss:the:his	16651
Then he gave up one of the ugliest goals of the NHL career .	Then he gave up one of the ugliest goals of his NHL career .	det_poss:the:his	16652
The friends and I found out just what she means .	My friends and I found out just what she means .	det_poss:the:my	16653
Romney drops the head in a debate party too at Kiernans Steak House .	Romney drops his head in a debate party too at Kiernans Steak House .	det_poss:the:his	16654
She also became aware the T-shirt had been pulled up .	She also became aware her T-shirt had been pulled up .	det_poss:the:her	16655
The first was a one-yard score in the first quarter .	His first was a one-yard score in the first quarter .	det_poss:the:his	16656
But no one was particularly happy about the case or the performance .	But no one was particularly happy about the case or her performance .	det_poss:the:her	16657
But he said the speed was not the reason for the loss .	But he said the speed was not the reason for his loss .	det_poss:the:his	16658
The company is the nation 's third-biggest publicly traded U.S. poultry processor .	His company is the nation 's third-biggest publicly traded U.S. poultry processor .	det_poss:the:his	16659
Please accept , Excellency and dear friend , the faithful and friendly sentiments .	Please accept , Excellency and dear friend , my faithful and friendly sentiments .	det_poss:the:my	16660
He forgot about the apology .	He forgot about his apology .	det_poss:the:his	16661
I hope she will keep speaking the mind .	I hope she will keep speaking her mind .	det_poss:the:her	16662
The appearance today comes at a particularly turbulent time .	His appearance today comes at a particularly turbulent time .	det_poss:the:his	16663
Except it only takes him about 40 miles from the home .	Except it only takes him about 40 miles from his home .	det_poss:the:his	16664
Even the mosquitoes cannot dampen the enthusiasm .	Even the mosquitoes cannot dampen my enthusiasm .	det_poss:the:my	16665
The defense was good .	Our defense was good .	det_poss:the:our	16666
Spending time with Lugovoi has been a journey that confounded the expectations .	Spending time with Lugovoi has been a journey that confounded my expectations .	det_poss:the:my	16667
The home is scheduled for auction in November .	His home is scheduled for auction in November .	det_poss:the:his	16668
Dougie will be joined on stage by the five-piece band .	Dougie will be joined on stage by his five-piece band .	det_poss:the:his	16669
The division also involves other less obvious areas of cost-cutting .	His division also involves other less obvious areas of cost-cutting .	det_poss:the:his	16670
So you have the health and safety concerns of the employees .	So you have the health and safety concerns of your employees .	det_poss:the:your	16671
" " But the mood was , overall , fine .	" " But our mood was , overall , fine .	det_poss:the:our	16672
It coated the windows on the pickup but did not touch the fields .	It coated the windows on his pickup but did not touch the fields .	det_poss:the:his	16673
He is the hero .	He is my hero .	det_poss:the:my	16674
Negativity nearly overwhelmed Gay before the biggest race of the life .	Negativity nearly overwhelmed Gay before the biggest race of his life .	det_poss:the:his	16675
A formerly married couple belongs to the congregation .	A formerly married couple belongs to our congregation .	det_poss:the:our	16676
Do you think this is what the grandfather envisioned ?	Do you think this is what my grandfather envisioned ?	det_poss:the:my	16677
But the days on New York City 's islands intoxicate him .	But his days on New York City 's islands intoxicate him .	det_poss:the:his	16678
, to gauge the campaign skills .	, to gauge his campaign skills .	det_poss:the:his	16679
The return was triumphant , but fraught with peril .	Her return was triumphant , but fraught with peril .	det_poss:the:her	16680
But he and the team are not alone in the battle .	But he and his team are not alone in the battle .	det_poss:the:his	16681
Bhutto spent today at the residence in Karachi .	Bhutto spent today at her residence in Karachi .	det_poss:the:her	16682
" It was so quiet , " she said , the voice fading .	" It was so quiet , " she said , her voice fading .	det_poss:the:her	16683
Here 's the problem with MTV and bisexuals : They are boring .	Here 's my problem with MTV and bisexuals : They are boring .	det_poss:the:my	16684
It also had a detrimental effect on the confidence .	It also had a detrimental effect on her confidence .	det_poss:the:her	16685
" You would not want the reputation ruined , " I said .	" You would not want your reputation ruined , " I said .	det_poss:the:your	16686
I am just trying to do the part .	I am just trying to do my part .	det_poss:the:my	16687
But the art is more serious and self-important than that .	But his art is more serious and self-important than that .	det_poss:the:his	16688
Just do not let anyone stamp the screen .	Just do not let anyone stamp your screen .	det_poss:the:your	16689
Kansas City 30 , San Diego 16 The security measures are tight .	Kansas City 30 , San Diego 16 His security measures are tight .	det_poss:the:his	16690
But Mrs. Helmsley may not get the wish .	But Mrs. Helmsley may not get her wish .	det_poss:the:her	16691
Blackmarr started playing video poker on the computer .	Blackmarr started playing video poker on her computer .	det_poss:the:her	16692
It will change the life .	It will change your life .	det_poss:the:your	16693
In the case , new love won .	In my case , new love won .	det_poss:the:my	16694
A bruise , said the coach , Tom Coughlin .	A bruise , said his coach , Tom Coughlin .	det_poss:the:his	16695
" That is the game , " Hawkins said .	" That is his game , " Hawkins said .	det_poss:the:his	16696
Instead , it pulled the pontoon boat to the edge of the tules .	Instead , it pulled my pontoon boat to the edge of the tules .	det_poss:the:my	16697
The stay was wonderfully luxurious , with every need instantly met .	Our stay was wonderfully luxurious , with every need instantly met .	det_poss:the:our	16698
Here , the boyfriend can come and go without anyone asking questions .	Here , her boyfriend can come and go without anyone asking questions .	det_poss:the:her	16699
She cannot live without : The workout ball .	She cannot live without : My workout ball .	det_poss:the:my	16700
After the arrest , the senator denied any sexual intent .	After his arrest , the senator denied any sexual intent .	det_poss:the:his	16701
Music changes with the mood , so it depends where you are at .	Music changes with your mood , so it depends where you are at .	det_poss:the:your	16702
Achieving this vision will require major investment in innovation by all the nations .	Achieving this vision will require major investment in innovation by all our nations .	det_poss:the:our	16703
It is hard to keep fighting when the leaders are at a parlay .	It is hard to keep fighting when your leaders are at a parlay .	det_poss:the:your	16704
A 28-year-old was taken to hospital with two gunshot wounds to the leg .	A 28-year-old was taken to hospital with two gunshot wounds to his leg .	det_poss:the:his	16705
The family is big , and they could have helped me out .	My family is big , and they could have helped me out .	det_poss:the:my	16706
What are the plans for the Thanksgiving holiday ?	What are your plans for the Thanksgiving holiday ?	det_poss:the:your	16707
She offered him the choice of high schools , including private school .	She offered him his choice of high schools , including private school .	det_poss:the:his	16708
Drew Peterson denied having anything to do with the ex-wife 's death .	Drew Peterson denied having anything to do with his ex-wife 's death .	det_poss:the:his	16709
He could find the place embarrassing .	He could find his place embarrassing .	det_poss:the:his	16710
Many of the customers are in the country illegally .	Many of his customers are in the country illegally .	det_poss:the:his	16711
The talent and passion have greatly contributed to the success of the Company .	His talent and passion have greatly contributed to the success of the Company .	det_poss:the:his	16712
We try to sell the players on that , too .	We try to sell our players on that , too .	det_poss:the:our	16713
With that , Mr. Kim began making the way through the crowds .	With that , Mr. Kim began making his way through the crowds .	det_poss:the:his	16714
The driver was hauling 6,000 chickens when the rig overturned .	The driver was hauling 6,000 chickens when his rig overturned .	det_poss:the:his	16715
Young said the school has expenses that traditional schools do not .	Young said her school has expenses that traditional schools do not .	det_poss:the:her	16716
The hand is too weak for a bid of 2NT .	Your hand is too weak for a bid of 2NT .	det_poss:the:your	16717
He 'll make the kids clean up the stadium after a game .	He 'll make his kids clean up the stadium after a game .	det_poss:the:his	16718
The detention prompted an outcry by human rights and press freedom groups .	His detention prompted an outcry by human rights and press freedom groups .	det_poss:the:his	16719
Mitchell had three interceptions and a fumble to go with the touchdown throws .	Mitchell had three interceptions and a fumble to go with his touchdown throws .	det_poss:the:his	16720
Or simply incorporate the sleeves as a layer in the outfit .	Or simply incorporate the sleeves as a layer in your outfit .	det_poss:the:your	16721
The heart was racing , pounding against her small chest .	Her heart was racing , pounding against her small chest .	det_poss:the:her	16722
Hopper carves it out of shadows in the etchings .	Hopper carves it out of shadows in his etchings .	det_poss:the:his	16723
I have a simple analysis of the problems the schools face .	I have a simple analysis of the problems our schools face .	det_poss:the:our	16724
Jones , the summer signing from Southampton , falls into that category .	Jones , his summer signing from Southampton , falls into that category .	det_poss:the:his	16725
The body is due to be flown back to Tokyo on Thursday .	His body is due to be flown back to Tokyo on Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	16726
" The Americans suspected the people , " the sheik said .	" The Americans suspected our people , " the sheik said .	det_poss:the:our	16727
Huckabee also suffers from questions about the depth .	Huckabee also suffers from questions about his depth .	det_poss:the:his	16728
He is strong for the country 's defense and security .	He is strong for our country 's defense and security .	det_poss:the:our	16729
Can we deduct all or even a part of the loss ?	Can we deduct all or even a part of our loss ?	det_poss:the:our	16730
Since the values are maximum for a single raise , you must cooperate .	Since your values are maximum for a single raise , you must cooperate .	det_poss:the:your	16731
Mr. Hang said he advised the friend against it .	Mr. Hang said he advised his friend against it .	det_poss:the:his	16732
I have to make the best decision for what happens with the family .	I have to make the best decision for what happens with my family .	det_poss:the:my	16733
The tailgates were positive .	Our tailgates were positive .	det_poss:the:our	16734
That is the challenge as a nation .	That is our challenge as a nation .	det_poss:the:our	16735
" The life is more important than convenience , " she said .	" My life is more important than convenience , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	16736
Shortly after the discussion , Dennis sent me a note .	Shortly after our discussion , Dennis sent me a note .	det_poss:the:our	16737
Until recently , American companies did not feature the works .	Until recently , American companies did not feature his works .	det_poss:the:his	16738
The family then continued the tradition of living in the Coney Island area .	Her family then continued the tradition of living in the Coney Island area .	det_poss:the:her	16739
Mr Thompson 's death was confirmed by one of the sons on Tuesday .	Mr Thompson 's death was confirmed by one of his sons on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	16740
Spector is accused of killing Clarkson in the Los Angeles-area mansion in 2003 .	Spector is accused of killing Clarkson in his Los Angeles-area mansion in 2003 .	det_poss:the:his	16741
The party is giving a more populist message .	Her party is giving a more populist message .	det_poss:the:her	16742
The family moved to Massachusetts when she was 9 .	Her family moved to Massachusetts when she was 9 .	det_poss:the:her	16743
Orbach is perhaps best-known for the protrayal of Det .	Orbach is perhaps best-known for his protrayal of Det .	det_poss:the:his	16744
As a teenager he was already giving public readings of the poetry .	As a teenager he was already giving public readings of his poetry .	det_poss:the:his	16745
The determination drives her to arrive at school hours before her classmates .	Her determination drives her to arrive at school hours before her classmates .	det_poss:the:her	16746
And we should expand the exchange programs and scholarships .	And we should expand our exchange programs and scholarships .	det_poss:the:our	16747
I have to make sure that they are acceptable to the client .	I have to make sure that they are acceptable to my client .	det_poss:the:my	16748
I have admitted the wrongs .	I have admitted my wrongs .	det_poss:the:my	16749
The lawyer , Percy Bratt , said she would appeal the verdict .	Her lawyer , Percy Bratt , said she would appeal the verdict .	det_poss:the:her	16750
I stand on the record .	I stand on my record .	det_poss:the:my	16751
Vick will learn the sentence December 10th .	Vick will learn his sentence December 10th .	det_poss:the:his	16752
Murphy 's writing has reflected other elements of the life , too .	Murphy 's writing has reflected other elements of her life , too .	det_poss:the:her	16753
Maybe he was , but the fastball sure was not .	Maybe he was , but his fastball sure was not .	det_poss:the:his	16754
One of the projects was to .	One of my projects was to .	det_poss:the:my	16755
The patient developed an oral infection that lead directly to the death .	The patient developed an oral infection that lead directly to her death .	det_poss:the:her	16756
Gators gaze at passers-by from pond Or at least the characters do .	Gators gaze at passers-by from pond Or at least his characters do .	det_poss:the:his	16757
He is definitely the absolute monarch of the apartment .	He is definitely the absolute monarch of my apartment .	det_poss:the:my	16758
She is also simplified the to-do list .	She is also simplified her to-do list .	det_poss:the:her	16759
Simpson was released from jail after posting bail and surrendering the passport .	Simpson was released from jail after posting bail and surrendering his passport .	det_poss:the:his	16760
Eventually , the friend Rich stopped laughing .	Eventually , my friend Rich stopped laughing .	det_poss:the:my	16761
Last week Kylie Minogue launched www.kyliekonnect.com where the fans can hook up .	Last week Kylie Minogue launched www.kyliekonnect.com where her fans can hook up .	det_poss:the:her	16762
Olsen took one touch and bounced the volley just inside the far post .	Olsen took one touch and bounced his volley just inside the far post .	det_poss:the:his	16763
Hamlin lost the engine and finished last .	Hamlin lost his engine and finished last .	det_poss:the:his	16764
United has come in and helped the youth .	United has come in and helped our youth .	det_poss:the:our	16765
Beyond aesthetics , she said , the position has philosophical and political dimensions .	Beyond aesthetics , she said , her position has philosophical and political dimensions .	det_poss:the:her	16766
The mileage may vary , but I averaged nearly 60 miles a gallon .	Your mileage may vary , but I averaged nearly 60 miles a gallon .	det_poss:the:your	16767
I was disappointed that the execution was off .	I was disappointed that our execution was off .	det_poss:the:our	16768
When Bollinger hurled the challenges at Ahmadinejad , he was saying explicitly .	When Bollinger hurled his challenges at Ahmadinejad , he was saying explicitly .	det_poss:the:his	16769
Nat was soon digging in the pack .	Nat was soon digging in her pack .	det_poss:the:her	16770
Ah , did the feet come together , apparently they did bump .	Ah , did our feet come together , apparently they did bump .	det_poss:the:our	16771
It is a course that suits the eye .	It is a course that suits my eye .	det_poss:the:my	16772
A few times , he ignored the attempts to interrupt him altogether .	A few times , he ignored my attempts to interrupt him altogether .	det_poss:the:my	16773
Wedge 's ejection was the second of the season .	Wedge 's ejection was his second of the season .	det_poss:the:his	16774
How will this affect the work on the bench ?	How will this affect his work on the bench ?	det_poss:the:his	16775
List the item for a seven-day period and watch the action .	List your item for a seven-day period and watch the action .	det_poss:the:your	16776
A few years later , she felt trapped , and left the family .	A few years later , she felt trapped , and left her family .	det_poss:the:her	16777
The ex 's harassment of you might be actionable in court .	Your ex 's harassment of you might be actionable in court .	det_poss:the:your	16778
But Peterson injured the knee on Nov. 11 .	But Peterson injured his knee on Nov. 11 .	det_poss:the:his	16779
Since the selection was announced , Mukasey has been meeting with senators .	Since his selection was announced , Mukasey has been meeting with senators .	det_poss:the:his	16780
It turns out that Rowling , like the hero , is a Seeker .	It turns out that Rowling , like her hero , is a Seeker .	det_poss:the:her	16781
Kansas Coach Mark Mangino acknowledged that the Jayhawks were exceeding even the expectations .	Kansas Coach Mark Mangino acknowledged that the Jayhawks were exceeding even his expectations .	det_poss:the:his	16782
The death followed a battle with pancreatic cancer , a Suzuki spokesman said .	His death followed a battle with pancreatic cancer , a Suzuki spokesman said .	det_poss:the:his	16783
The answers have brought us a world in a book .	Her answers have brought us a world in a book .	det_poss:the:her	16784
Is she taking advantage of the friendship , or am I being uncharitable ?	Is she taking advantage of our friendship , or am I being uncharitable ?	det_poss:the:our	16785
I did not want to put the boots on in the morning .	I did not want to put my boots on in the morning .	det_poss:the:my	16786
I hope that we will all succeed in the efforts .	I hope that we will all succeed in our efforts .	det_poss:the:our	16787
" That is the answer , " he said .	" That is my answer , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	16788
Her good advice caught the attention and he contacted her .	Her good advice caught his attention and he contacted her .	det_poss:the:his	16789
Notes : @ Ankiel raised the average to .353 .	Notes : @ Ankiel raised his average to .353 .	det_poss:the:his	16790
All I know is that the granddaughter is dead .	All I know is that my granddaughter is dead .	det_poss:the:my	16791
I 'll try to be ready when the number is called .	I 'll try to be ready when my number is called .	det_poss:the:my	16792
Paterno is 364-121-3 , and the job is safe .	Paterno is 364-121-3 , and his job is safe .	det_poss:the:his	16793
The shot hit a post inside the upper part of the net .	His shot hit a post inside the upper part of the net .	det_poss:the:his	16794
I know he was a real credit to the profession .	I know he was a real credit to our profession .	det_poss:the:our	16795
But Mr Holman recovered and is still haranguing the nemesis .	But Mr Holman recovered and is still haranguing his nemesis .	det_poss:the:his	16796
The antics have to be taken into account as well .	His antics have to be taken into account as well .	det_poss:the:his	16797
We arose glowing , and took the leave .	We arose glowing , and took our leave .	det_poss:the:our	16798
The boss may even be younger than your children .	Your boss may even be younger than your children .	det_poss:the:your	16799
The bond previously was set at $ 90,000 .	His bond previously was set at $ 90,000 .	det_poss:the:his	16800
Moral : It pays to get the selenium level right .	Moral : It pays to get your selenium level right .	det_poss:the:your	16801
In September Mr Darling conceded that the reputation was on the line .	In September Mr Darling conceded that his reputation was on the line .	det_poss:the:his	16802
And we stood in the kitchen .	And we stood in my kitchen .	det_poss:the:my	16803
Dhoni was named man of the match after the innings of 63 .	Dhoni was named man of the match after his innings of 63 .	det_poss:the:his	16804
The job is to ensure he gets a fair trial .	Your job is to ensure he gets a fair trial .	det_poss:the:your	16805
For the sister-in-law the loan is just another fixed-income investment in her portfolio .	For his sister-in-law the loan is just another fixed-income investment in her portfolio .	det_poss:the:his	16806
Cheptoo approaches the work as a woman 's empowerment issue .	Cheptoo approaches her work as a woman 's empowerment issue .	det_poss:the:her	16807
The siblings never knew of this address .	Her siblings never knew of this address .	det_poss:the:her	16808
30 to sign special dedications and take photos with clients purchasing the art .	30 to sign special dedications and take photos with clients purchasing her art .	det_poss:the:her	16809
Gertsacov , however , insists that the stars exist .	Gertsacov , however , insists that his stars exist .	det_poss:the:his	16810
Notes : Brodeur 's assist was the 28th of the career .	Notes : Brodeur 's assist was the 28th of his career .	det_poss:the:his	16811
Click here to track Jennifer Lopez 's busy schedule on the MySpace page .	Click here to track Jennifer Lopez 's busy schedule on her MySpace page .	det_poss:the:her	16812
But it seems that the fate was already sealed .	But it seems that her fate was already sealed .	det_poss:the:her	16813
To try and duplicate something another receiver did is not the game .	To try and duplicate something another receiver did is not my game .	det_poss:the:my	16814
The resignation came the day before Braly took over as new CEO .	His resignation came the day before Braly took over as new CEO .	det_poss:the:his	16815
It took a small village of elite athletes to mold the boy .	It took a small village of elite athletes to mold her boy .	det_poss:the:her	16816
I : I just told what the dreams are .	I : I just told what my dreams are .	det_poss:the:my	16817
It learns the name and can build a relationship with you .	It learns your name and can build a relationship with you .	det_poss:the:your	16818
Henry and the aunt gallivant around the world encountering memorable characters .	Henry and his aunt gallivant around the world encountering memorable characters .	det_poss:the:his	16819
She also took away the right to say goodbye to Maeve .	She also took away our right to say goodbye to Maeve .	det_poss:the:our	16820
Portraiture became the passion .	Portraiture became her passion .	det_poss:the:her	16821
Amine Omar was 18 when she left the village .	Amine Omar was 18 when she left her village .	det_poss:the:her	16822
I wanted the life to be as true .	I wanted my life to be as true .	det_poss:the:my	16823
He was toying with a handgun , spinning it round in the hand .	He was toying with a handgun , spinning it round in his hand .	det_poss:the:his	16824
The elder Mr. Molinaro , for the part , is not backing away .	The elder Mr. Molinaro , for his part , is not backing away .	det_poss:the:his	16825
Shortly afterwards her husband made the Swift-Boat comments .	Shortly afterwards her husband made his Swift-Boat comments .	det_poss:the:his	16826
The surgeon snapped off the gloves and walked away .	The surgeon snapped off his gloves and walked away .	det_poss:the:his	16827
Mr. Foster and the companions fled but were soon stopped by the police .	Mr. Foster and his companions fled but were soon stopped by the police .	det_poss:the:his	16828
A nice cool refreshing dessert will delight the guests .	A nice cool refreshing dessert will delight your guests .	det_poss:the:your	16829
The mind was full , in turmoil ; but he was happy .	His mind was full , in turmoil ; but he was happy .	det_poss:the:his	16830
He will earn the 98th cap against the Austrians .	He will earn his 98th cap against the Austrians .	det_poss:the:his	16831
The teammates watched , curious about how Clemens would react .	His teammates watched , curious about how Clemens would react .	det_poss:the:his	16832
And the branch was one of the best-performing .	And his branch was one of the best-performing .	det_poss:the:his	16833
First Minister Alex Salmond has given the support to the rally .	First Minister Alex Salmond has given his support to the rally .	det_poss:the:his	16834
She would spend hours in the bathroom plucking the eyebrows .	She would spend hours in the bathroom plucking her eyebrows .	det_poss:the:her	16835
Alberto Gonzales submitted the resignation on Friday .	Alberto Gonzales submitted his resignation on Friday .	det_poss:the:his	16836
Who can tell what the imagination will bring us ?	Who can tell what your imagination will bring us ?	det_poss:the:your	16837
When they call the number I 'll respond .	When they call my number I 'll respond .	det_poss:the:my	16838
Residents return home ; firefighters still wary They blamed the playboy lifestyle .	Residents return home ; firefighters still wary They blamed his playboy lifestyle .	det_poss:the:his	16839
What is the purpose of the life ?	What is the purpose of our life ?	det_poss:the:our	16840
The cause was multiple myeloma , the son Matt said .	The cause was multiple myeloma , his son Matt said .	det_poss:the:his	16841
Lord knows , we have been criticized enough during the career .	Lord knows , we have been criticized enough during our career .	det_poss:the:our	16842
This is the legacy .	This is our legacy .	det_poss:the:our	16843
Or there is an old woman crossing the road to get the pension .	Or there is an old woman crossing the road to get her pension .	det_poss:the:her	16844
The column appears at least twice monthly in this section .	His column appears at least twice monthly in this section .	det_poss:the:his	16845
I had girlfriends outside the marriage .	I had girlfriends outside my marriage .	det_poss:the:my	16846
A wireless transmitter for the TV or receiver eliminates the speaker cables .	A wireless transmitter for your TV or receiver eliminates the speaker cables .	det_poss:the:your	16847
" That is what I carry in the pocket , " Riojas says .	" That is what I carry in my pocket , " Riojas says .	det_poss:the:my	16848
A door we thought had been shut in the faces has been opened .	A door we thought had been shut in our faces has been opened .	det_poss:the:our	16849
Surely the president gave the pollster a pass .	Surely the president gave his pollster a pass .	det_poss:the:his	16850
I carried the package under the arm , hoping not to attract attention .	I carried the package under my arm , hoping not to attract attention .	det_poss:the:my	16851
The collection now includes rare American sports cars like a 1963 Corvette Z06 .	His collection now includes rare American sports cars like a 1963 Corvette Z06 .	det_poss:the:his	16852
Then came the playoffs and the problems continued .	Then came the playoffs and his problems continued .	det_poss:the:his	16853
Well , the son has not done a book report yet .	Well , my son has not done a book report yet .	det_poss:the:my	16854
In Poland the bread , after one day he is hard .	In Poland our bread , after one day he is hard .	det_poss:the:our	16855
One is that it suits the talents .	One is that it suits his talents .	det_poss:the:his	16856
Yet amateurism often dogged the enterprises .	Yet amateurism often dogged his enterprises .	det_poss:the:his	16857
The mentor is the chef from there , Philippe Oudet .	My mentor is the chef from there , Philippe Oudet .	det_poss:the:my	16858
There is no excuse not to use it to bring the troops home .	There is no excuse not to use it to bring our troops home .	det_poss:the:our	16859
The newly-minted Republican candidate expressed optimism that the campaign will be successful .	The newly-minted Republican candidate expressed optimism that his campaign will be successful .	det_poss:the:his	16860
He received $ 40,000 in campaign donations from land developers during the visit .	He received $ 40,000 in campaign donations from land developers during his visit .	det_poss:the:his	16861
She also agreed with the vision for inhabiting it .	She also agreed with his vision for inhabiting it .	det_poss:the:his	16862
The career spanned 24 years .	His career spanned 24 years .	det_poss:the:his	16863
Being a leader is just helping the teammates out .	Being a leader is just helping your teammates out .	det_poss:the:your	16864
Vick 's most valuable asset is the coachability .	Vick 's most valuable asset is his coachability .	det_poss:the:his	16865
Here 's the Cinderella , folks .	Here 's our Cinderella , folks .	det_poss:the:our	16866
I will save one of the jokes for the end .	I will save one of his jokes for the end .	det_poss:the:his	16867
Do the kids feel entitled to things that you consider privileges ?	Do your kids feel entitled to things that you consider privileges ?	det_poss:the:your	16868
But he expressed the contempt for Bhutto .	But he expressed his contempt for Bhutto .	det_poss:the:his	16869
" " He finally lost the mind .	" " He finally lost his mind .	det_poss:the:his	16870
He was president of Llanelli until the death .	He was president of Llanelli until his death .	det_poss:the:his	16871
There was no immediate word on the condition .	There was no immediate word on his condition .	det_poss:the:his	16872
Should you go ahead and set the boss straight ?	Should you go ahead and set your boss straight ?	det_poss:the:your	16873
" " It is not in the nature - he is a pacifist .	" " It is not in his nature - he is a pacifist .	det_poss:the:his	16874
It was the radio , he confessed .	It was his radio , he confessed .	det_poss:the:his	16875
We exchanged information , but I did not give the man the card .	We exchanged information , but I did not give the man my card .	det_poss:the:my	16876
The support mechanisms of student counsellors are much better than in the day .	The support mechanisms of student counsellors are much better than in my day .	det_poss:the:my	16877
Worley stumbled backward , while Johnson landed hers on the knees .	Worley stumbled backward , while Johnson landed hers on her knees .	det_poss:the:her	16878
Staal extended the point streak to six games .	Staal extended his point streak to six games .	det_poss:the:his	16879
" That is what the litigation is about , " Mr. Abrecht said .	" That is what our litigation is about , " Mr. Abrecht said .	det_poss:the:our	16880
How could I convey the feelings of betrayal at having been lied to ?	How could I convey my feelings of betrayal at having been lied to ?	det_poss:the:my	16881
Examinations at a hospital revealed no additional damage to the head or neck .	Examinations at a hospital revealed no additional damage to his head or neck .	det_poss:the:his	16882
The playing was a mess .	His playing was a mess .	det_poss:the:his	16883
He said that Jordan failed to discharge the duties as a commander .	He said that Jordan failed to discharge his duties as a commander .	det_poss:the:his	16884
It is the life .	It is my life .	det_poss:the:my	16885
I sold the car to buy recording equipment .	I sold my car to buy recording equipment .	det_poss:the:my	16886
Mr Fini appears to think that race-hate oratory will enhance the prospects .	Mr Fini appears to think that race-hate oratory will enhance his prospects .	det_poss:the:his	16887
" I want the eye to get well , " he said .	" I want my eye to get well , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	16888
But the pared-down structures still hold ample ambition .	But her pared-down structures still hold ample ambition .	det_poss:the:her	16889
He adds that running a restaurant complements the life nicely .	He adds that running a restaurant complements his life nicely .	det_poss:the:his	16890
Ms. Shuler echoed the point about the precipitate announcement .	Ms. Shuler echoed his point about the precipitate announcement .	det_poss:the:his	16891
The thoughts and prayers are with their families .	Our thoughts and prayers are with their families .	det_poss:the:our	16892
And I cannot believe any child the age would need such an extravagance .	And I cannot believe any child his age would need such an extravagance .	det_poss:the:his	16893
Joe Borowski closed for the AL-leading 42nd save .	Joe Borowski closed for his AL-leading 42nd save .	det_poss:the:his	16894
But Richard had the mutation , as does the cousin Jeff Garner .	But Richard had the mutation , as does his cousin Jeff Garner .	det_poss:the:his	16895
8 : Psycho What sort of things are we teaching the kids ?	8 : Psycho What sort of things are we teaching our kids ?	det_poss:the:our	16896
" I was shocked , " she said after ending the phone call .	" I was shocked , " she said after ending her phone call .	det_poss:the:her	16897
When the baby 's on the cooling board .	When your baby 's on the cooling board .	det_poss:the:your	16898
The trial is scheduled for January .	His trial is scheduled for January .	det_poss:the:his	16899
Budget blues He will receive a Bronze Star Medal for the service .	Budget blues He will receive a Bronze Star Medal for his service .	det_poss:the:his	16900
She is had the life and now she is having mine .	She is had her life and now she is having mine .	det_poss:the:her	16901
Nosy question : What Was The Doctor 's Appointment For ?	Nosy question : What Was Your Doctor 's Appointment For ?	det_poss:the:your	16902
They continue to strengthen and inspire the nation .	They continue to strengthen and inspire our nation .	det_poss:the:our	16903
She also raised money through the blog , Take Off Your Running Shoes .	She also raised money through her blog , Take Off Your Running Shoes .	det_poss:the:her	16904
That is not the source of the success .	That is not the source of his success .	det_poss:the:his	16905
Nevertheless , it set the mind racing .	Nevertheless , it set his mind racing .	det_poss:the:his	16906
The comments were posted on the US embassy website .	His comments were posted on the US embassy website .	det_poss:the:his	16907
To the knowledge , there is no way to reload it .	To my knowledge , there is no way to reload it .	det_poss:the:my	16908
She immediately offered to check the blood type .	She immediately offered to check her blood type .	det_poss:the:her	16909
Now he is 6-1 for the third time in the career .	Now he is 6-1 for the third time in his career .	det_poss:the:his	16910
It was the job to win .	It was his job to win .	det_poss:the:his	16911
Midge is making the move .	Midge is making her move .	det_poss:the:her	16912
Perhaps he had been stung by the experience with Fahrenheit 9 / 11 .	Perhaps he had been stung by his experience with Fahrenheit 9 / 11 .	det_poss:the:his	16913
People read the books sober !	People read my books sober !	det_poss:the:my	16914
I just try to do the job properly .	I just try to do my job properly .	det_poss:the:my	16915
When I received the tax return I prepaid it for a year .	When I received my tax return I prepaid it for a year .	det_poss:the:my	16916
She and the friends watch the show at the theater group 's center .	She and her friends watch the show at the theater group 's center .	det_poss:the:her	16917
Can I measure the hips ?	Can I measure my hips ?	det_poss:the:my	16918
The son told me that he wears a seat belt .	My son told me that he wears a seat belt .	det_poss:the:my	16919
The heart rate is lower .	Your heart rate is lower .	det_poss:the:your	16920
" " You cannot win elections with the people only .	" " You cannot win elections with your people only .	det_poss:the:your	16921
In the time there was not much to do .	In my time there was not much to do .	det_poss:the:my	16922
Kate McCann 's close friend , Linda McQueen , remembers the excitement .	Kate McCann 's close friend , Linda McQueen , remembers his excitement .	det_poss:the:his	16923
The son , Rajiv , succeeded her .	Her son , Rajiv , succeeded her .	det_poss:the:her	16924
The Imams are quite open .	Our Imams are quite open .	det_poss:the:our	16925
The proposal drew immediate support from several of his colleagues .	His proposal drew immediate support from several of his colleagues .	det_poss:the:his	16926
Neither she nor the attorneys spoke to reporters after the closed hearing .	Neither she nor her attorneys spoke to reporters after the closed hearing .	det_poss:the:her	16927
She leaned on a rusty door , the face buried in a towel .	She leaned on a rusty door , her face buried in a towel .	det_poss:the:her	16928
The residence is listed as south of the city , in Chula Vista .	His residence is listed as south of the city , in Chula Vista .	det_poss:the:his	16929
Perez Hilton is going to keep launching lasers with the laptop .	Perez Hilton is going to keep launching lasers with his laptop .	det_poss:the:his	16930
" The form has not been very good , " Zokora said .	" My form has not been very good , " Zokora said .	det_poss:the:my	16931
In the time Margaret Garner was a cause célèbre .	In her time Margaret Garner was a cause célèbre .	det_poss:the:her	16932
Among Virginia cavers , Hubbard is famous for the study of cave critters .	Among Virginia cavers , Hubbard is famous for his study of cave critters .	det_poss:the:his	16933
What IS the truth ?	What IS my truth ?	det_poss:the:my	16934
Did the decision hasten her death ?	Did our decision hasten her death ?	det_poss:the:our	16935
The lawyer informed him he was obliged to say something .	His lawyer informed him he was obliged to say something .	det_poss:the:his	16936
But why waste the time on envy or disbelief ?	But why waste our time on envy or disbelief ?	det_poss:the:our	16937
But these were discovered in the handbag at home by police .	But these were discovered in her handbag at home by police .	det_poss:the:her	16938
Ms Bhutto intended to go there after landing to pay the respects .	Ms Bhutto intended to go there after landing to pay her respects .	det_poss:the:her	16939
What is the defining mistake of the life and why ?	What is the defining mistake of your life and why ?	det_poss:the:your	16940
It turned out the teacher had miscalculated and the grade was raised .	It turned out the teacher had miscalculated and her grade was raised .	det_poss:the:her	16941
The U.S. military said explosive residue was found on Hussein after the arrest .	The U.S. military said explosive residue was found on Hussein after his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	16942
Mr. Dylan was not there , but echoes of the voice were .	Mr. Dylan was not there , but echoes of his voice were .	det_poss:the:his	16943
... Confidence in the fly is half the battle in salmon fishing .	... Confidence in your fly is half the battle in salmon fishing .	det_poss:the:your	16944
Judge Abdul Hameed Dogar was sworn in by Musharraf in the place .	Judge Abdul Hameed Dogar was sworn in by Musharraf in his place .	det_poss:the:his	16945
Holden needs to be held accountable for the actions .	Holden needs to be held accountable for his actions .	det_poss:the:his	16946
It Is Good Being Compared To Him And The Times , Wariner Says .	It Is Good Being Compared To Him And His Times , Wariner Says .	det_poss:the:his	16947
The quota at the moment is 4,000 toys a day .	My quota at the moment is 4,000 toys a day .	det_poss:the:my	16948
The book has a much more conspiratorial tone .	Her book has a much more conspiratorial tone .	det_poss:the:her	16949
It is all about the market -- what the competition is charging .	It is all about the market -- what your competition is charging .	det_poss:the:your	16950
This is the lifeblood of the industry .	This is the lifeblood of our industry .	det_poss:the:our	16951
The round face was covered with mud and sweat .	His round face was covered with mud and sweat .	det_poss:the:his	16952
I began to spend more time in prayer and cracked open the Bible .	I began to spend more time in prayer and cracked open my Bible .	det_poss:the:my	16953
Duchess of Cornwall a grandma The fund rarely is a chart-topper .	Duchess of Cornwall a grandma His fund rarely is a chart-topper .	det_poss:the:his	16954
You 've lost some $ 200 million for the investors .	You 've lost some $ 200 million for your investors .	det_poss:the:your	16955
She sank a 155-yard wedge shot for the eagle .	She sank a 155-yard wedge shot for her eagle .	det_poss:the:her	16956
The laboratory was an old stone house .	Her laboratory was an old stone house .	det_poss:the:her	16957
The roof of the car was sheared almost entirely off by the impact .	The roof of his car was sheared almost entirely off by the impact .	det_poss:the:his	16958
And so does the daughter .	And so does your daughter .	det_poss:the:your	16959
They realigned the neck and stabilized it in front with a titanium plate .	They realigned his neck and stabilized it in front with a titanium plate .	det_poss:the:his	16960
Hartson made four appearances for Norwich during the time in East Anglia .	Hartson made four appearances for Norwich during his time in East Anglia .	det_poss:the:his	16961
The Majesty the Queen has become Britain 's oldest monarch .	Her Majesty the Queen has become Britain 's oldest monarch .	det_poss:the:her	16962
To Stevens , however , the views have been consistent .	To Stevens , however , his views have been consistent .	det_poss:the:his	16963
Our Father , who art in heaven , hallowed be the name .	Our Father , who art in heaven , hallowed be thy name .	det_poss:the:thy	16964
They were impressed - that she had actually collected the overtime pay .	They were impressed - that she had actually collected her overtime pay .	det_poss:the:her	16965
What was the reaction to that ?	What was your reaction to that ?	det_poss:the:your	16966
It is painfully obvious that the health care system itself is sick .	It is painfully obvious that our health care system itself is sick .	det_poss:the:our	16967
The daughter called and said she was hiding in a closet .	Her daughter called and said she was hiding in a closet .	det_poss:the:her	16968
The books do not stay in my life for ever .	My books do not stay in my life for ever .	det_poss:the:my	16969
They are improbably small , and they abound around the place in Suffolk .	They are improbably small , and they abound around my place in Suffolk .	det_poss:the:my	16970
Have You Had The Pet Blessed ?	Have You Had Your Pet Blessed ?	det_poss:the:your	16971
The music is the rare fusion that honors all its sources .	Her music is the rare fusion that honors all its sources .	det_poss:the:her	16972
The delivery model is now totally different than it was ten years ago .	Our delivery model is now totally different than it was ten years ago .	det_poss:the:our	16973
McGovern then explained all the reasons why Clinton would likely secure the backing .	McGovern then explained all the reasons why Clinton would likely secure his backing .	det_poss:the:his	16974
I told the partner about this and suggested he seek similar legal protection .	I told my partner about this and suggested he seek similar legal protection .	det_poss:the:my	16975
Prime Minister Helen Clark offered condelences to the family of the colleague .	Prime Minister Helen Clark offered condelences to the family of her colleague .	det_poss:the:her	16976
Do you agree or disagree with the review ?	Do you agree or disagree with our review ?	det_poss:the:our	16977
Ask the Neighborhood Watch or citizens ' group to patrol the community .	Ask your Neighborhood Watch or citizens ' group to patrol the community .	det_poss:the:your	16978
He is been on the side since Day 1 .	He is been on my side since Day 1 .	det_poss:the:my	16979
After the win , Djokovic talked about the Nadal-Federer history .	After his win , Djokovic talked about the Nadal-Federer history .	det_poss:the:his	16980
The code name was Kalistrat .	His code name was Kalistrat .	det_poss:the:his	16981
Michael Lohan wants to patch things up with the family .	Michael Lohan wants to patch things up with his family .	det_poss:the:his	16982
But the performance does not suggest that .	But his performance does not suggest that .	det_poss:the:his	16983
So much of the culture derives from the Greek and Roman worlds .	So much of our culture derives from the Greek and Roman worlds .	det_poss:the:our	16984
DEAR BOB : The partner and tenant-in-common co-owner died about a year ago .	DEAR BOB : My partner and tenant-in-common co-owner died about a year ago .	det_poss:the:my	16985
And she let us eat them before we had the breakfast !	And she let us eat them before we had our breakfast !	det_poss:the:our	16986
Mrs. Fernández will have to take Femara for the rest of the life .	Mrs. Fernández will have to take Femara for the rest of her life .	det_poss:the:her	16987
The account balance would grow to only $ 163,000 .	Your account balance would grow to only $ 163,000 .	det_poss:the:your	16988
The office said she had a scheduling conflict with another hearing .	Her office said she had a scheduling conflict with another hearing .	det_poss:the:her	16989
So I managed to end up with £ 75 in the pocket .	So I managed to end up with £ 75 in my pocket .	det_poss:the:my	16990
Soon after , the firm dropped the name .	Soon after , the firm dropped his name .	det_poss:the:his	16991
How do you protect yourself and the house from development such as this ?	How do you protect yourself and your house from development such as this ?	det_poss:the:your	16992
The supporters are confident he will win enough votes .	His supporters are confident he will win enough votes .	det_poss:the:his	16993
Gallegos tilted the head toward four teenagers shambling along .	Gallegos tilted his head toward four teenagers shambling along .	det_poss:the:his	16994
" " China and India are transforming the energy markets .	" " China and India are transforming our energy markets .	det_poss:the:our	16995
Unless the interview is a weeklong ordeal , forgo checking luggage .	Unless your interview is a weeklong ordeal , forgo checking luggage .	det_poss:the:your	16996
And everyone was the friend .	And everyone was his friend .	det_poss:the:his	16997
And I realized the kindness was damaged .	And I realized my kindness was damaged .	det_poss:the:my	16998
She is carrying the train and things like that .	She is carrying her train and things like that .	det_poss:the:her	16999
And that is just one of the goals .	And that is just one of his goals .	det_poss:the:his	17000
Worry about the trade-in later The international community is not at fault .	Worry about your trade-in later The international community is not at fault .	det_poss:the:your	17001
We want everybody to do well in the neighborhood .	We want everybody to do well in our neighborhood .	det_poss:the:our	17002
The classroom , 229 , is also called the Museum Room .	His classroom , 229 , is also called the Museum Room .	det_poss:the:his	17003
She buys the television from the satellite provider SkyPerfect .	She buys her television from the satellite provider SkyPerfect .	det_poss:the:her	17004
We can work on the powers of extrasensory perception .	We can work on our powers of extrasensory perception .	det_poss:the:our	17005
He also was Buffett 's teacher , mentor and later the business partner .	He also was Buffett 's teacher , mentor and later his business partner .	det_poss:the:his	17006
The boyfriend beats her .	Her boyfriend beats her .	det_poss:the:her	17007
Will the price of the items spike , or plunge ?	Will the price of his items spike , or plunge ?	det_poss:the:his	17008
So do yourselves and Nora a favor : Help the daughter grow up .	So do yourselves and Nora a favor : Help your daughter grow up .	det_poss:the:your	17009
Celebrate the Decade of Sexellence .	Celebrate our Decade of Sexellence .	det_poss:the:our	17010
The daughter could always tell when an attack was brewing .	Her daughter could always tell when an attack was brewing .	det_poss:the:her	17011
· The Republican nominee is chosen before Fred Thompson declares the candidacy .	· The Republican nominee is chosen before Fred Thompson declares his candidacy .	det_poss:the:his	17012
The appearance has changed little .	His appearance has changed little .	det_poss:the:his	17013
Silver 4 How about saving the act until he gets to the sideline ?	Silver 4 How about saving his act until he gets to the sideline ?	det_poss:the:his	17014
" " Wenger developed the game .	" " Wenger developed my game .	det_poss:the:my	17015
The role is mainly ceremonial .	His role is mainly ceremonial .	det_poss:the:his	17016
They were both small and furry and ended up squashed beneath the wheels .	They were both small and furry and ended up squashed beneath my wheels .	det_poss:the:my	17017
CellsAlive : Trying to teach the kids hand washing and hygiene ?	CellsAlive : Trying to teach your kids hand washing and hygiene ?	det_poss:the:your	17018
Me and my husband and the family were crying , it was awful .	Me and my husband and our family were crying , it was awful .	det_poss:the:our	17019
The voice acquires a sharper edge when it is mentioned .	Her voice acquires a sharper edge when it is mentioned .	det_poss:the:her	17020
Ask one or two people to review the application .	Ask one or two people to review your application .	det_poss:the:your	17021
The PKK are the cousins .	The PKK are our cousins .	det_poss:the:our	17022
He decorated the letters with a Hebrew cartouche .	He decorated his letters with a Hebrew cartouche .	det_poss:the:his	17023
The campaign quickly took the debate clip and cut a television ad .	His campaign quickly took the debate clip and cut a television ad .	det_poss:the:his	17024
The One-Sheet gives you some background on hurricanes .	Our One-Sheet gives you some background on hurricanes .	det_poss:the:our	17025
" 'Intensify ' debate Peters initially opposed ending the daughter 's life .	" 'Intensify ' debate Peters initially opposed ending his daughter 's life .	det_poss:the:his	17026
He said the difficulties began when clouds rolled in .	He said his difficulties began when clouds rolled in .	det_poss:the:his	17027
Mencap supported Mr Rhodie in the fight .	Mencap supported Mr Rhodie in his fight .	det_poss:the:his	17028
No , he accepted us as being part of the world .	No , he accepted us as being part of his world .	det_poss:the:his	17029
Now the son 's a part of that .	Now my son 's a part of that .	det_poss:the:my	17030
They 'll vote for you , but they will not buy the CD .	They 'll vote for you , but they will not buy your CD .	det_poss:the:your	17031
There were two vacant seats on the bus .	There were two vacant seats on my bus .	det_poss:the:my	17032
They are the spies .	They are your spies .	det_poss:the:your	17033
The Piano Man will make the Philadelphia Orchestra debut next month .	The Piano Man will make his Philadelphia Orchestra debut next month .	det_poss:the:his	17034
I do not think the children will come back ever .	I do not think my children will come back ever .	det_poss:the:my	17035
Giuliani 's remarks prompted a bewildered response from the audience of technology executives .	Giuliani 's remarks prompted a bewildered response from his audience of technology executives .	det_poss:the:his	17036
He suggested that financial troubles were the reason for the crimes .	He suggested that financial troubles were the reason for his crimes .	det_poss:the:his	17037
Operation FALCON investigators arrested Bullock driving the car to Eastern Washington .	Operation FALCON investigators arrested Bullock driving his car to Eastern Washington .	det_poss:the:his	17038
Bree is being reborn this season , right along with the grandchild .	Bree is being reborn this season , right along with her grandchild .	det_poss:the:her	17039
But Friday 's announcement touched off renewed interest in the plans .	But Friday 's announcement touched off renewed interest in his plans .	det_poss:the:his	17040
The duties were not detailed .	His duties were not detailed .	det_poss:the:his	17041
Still , the MTV lothario maintains the intentions are honest .	Still , the MTV lothario maintains his intentions are honest .	det_poss:the:his	17042
Nicholas McKenna was fond of the Iron Horse 6.8 mountain bike .	Nicholas McKenna was fond of his Iron Horse 6.8 mountain bike .	det_poss:the:his	17043
She said the appearance had changed .	She said his appearance had changed .	det_poss:the:his	17044
Why has he made the intentions public now ?	Why has he made his intentions public now ?	det_poss:the:his	17045
He is not asking for compensation , only to have the entries restored .	He is not asking for compensation , only to have his entries restored .	det_poss:the:his	17046
People were always very kind about the message .	People were always very kind about my message .	det_poss:the:my	17047
Roger Goswell drove the Smart car in to a tree on Sunday .	Roger Goswell drove his Smart car in to a tree on Sunday .	det_poss:the:his	17048
The body has been exhumed by police for another a autopsy .	Her body has been exhumed by police for another a autopsy .	det_poss:the:her	17049
" I hire someone to do the taxes , " Mitchell says .	" I hire someone to do my taxes , " Mitchell says .	det_poss:the:my	17050
The movement is unrestrained by a seatbelt .	Her movement is unrestrained by a seatbelt .	det_poss:the:her	17051
She is capable of handling the questions .	She is capable of handling your questions .	det_poss:the:your	17052
I go as far as the hand goes .	I go as far as my hand goes .	det_poss:the:my	17053
, when he propelled the team from fourth place to first .	, when he propelled his team from fourth place to first .	det_poss:the:his	17054
The career total is 7,441 .	His career total is 7,441 .	det_poss:the:his	17055
Some of the judgments are debatable , in the best sense .	Some of his judgments are debatable , in the best sense .	det_poss:the:his	17056
Dim light ruins the eyes .	Dim light ruins your eyes .	det_poss:the:your	17057
She announced the candidacy last week .	She announced her candidacy last week .	det_poss:the:her	17058
Gargett used the position as a part-time broker to rubber stamp the claims .	Gargett used his position as a part-time broker to rubber stamp the claims .	det_poss:the:his	17059
I think it has to be something that drastically affects the economy .	I think it has to be something that drastically affects our economy .	det_poss:the:our	17060
" The films are made like acts of piracy , " he says .	" My films are made like acts of piracy , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	17061
The cause of the death is unknown .	The cause of her death is unknown .	det_poss:the:her	17062
Asked about the disagreements with Singer , Nickles all but dismissed her experience .	Asked about his disagreements with Singer , Nickles all but dismissed her experience .	det_poss:the:his	17063
In the opinion I am totally appalled by the teacher 's actions .	In my opinion I am totally appalled by the teacher 's actions .	det_poss:the:my	17064
Meyer promised to appear for all the court dates .	Meyer promised to appear for all his court dates .	det_poss:the:his	17065
Queen Elizabeth II records the Christmas Day message at Buckingham Palace in 2004 .	Queen Elizabeth II records her Christmas Day message at Buckingham Palace in 2004 .	det_poss:the:her	17066
Maybe I am spoiled because the life is so good , Chris .	Maybe I am spoiled because my life is so good , Chris .	det_poss:the:my	17067
No wonder that poor kid 's back with the Blankie .	No wonder that poor kid 's back with his Blankie .	det_poss:the:his	17068
This letter will include the name , property address and loan number .	This letter will include your name , property address and loan number .	det_poss:the:your	17069
He landed semi-conscious , with the chest stuck between concrete and twisted metal .	He landed semi-conscious , with his chest stuck between concrete and twisted metal .	det_poss:the:his	17070
The experiences at the same age with Ian Barclay were perfect .	My experiences at the same age with Ian Barclay were perfect .	det_poss:the:my	17071
Even though the values are minimum , raise to three hearts .	Even though your values are minimum , raise to three hearts .	det_poss:the:your	17072
Perhaps Alley was looking for someone to carry on the legacy .	Perhaps Alley was looking for someone to carry on his legacy .	det_poss:the:his	17073
He pulled the feet from under the weight .	He pulled his feet from under the weight .	det_poss:the:his	17074
At 36 , Gordon is approaching the final years of the career .	At 36 , Gordon is approaching the final years of his career .	det_poss:the:his	17075
Put away the assumptions about Macaulay Culkin .	Put away your assumptions about Macaulay Culkin .	det_poss:the:your	17076
Only when you reach the destination do they fuse into a coherent vision .	Only when you reach your destination do they fuse into a coherent vision .	det_poss:the:your	17077
Tell us the thoughts now and then check the Web chat transcript later .	Tell us your thoughts now and then check the Web chat transcript later .	det_poss:the:your	17078
On the farm near Anna , Moreland does not see any other choice .	On his farm near Anna , Moreland does not see any other choice .	det_poss:the:his	17079
He does not mind watching reality outstrip the futures .	He does not mind watching reality outstrip his futures .	det_poss:the:his	17080
Vicky came close to death several times on the trips .	Vicky came close to death several times on her trips .	det_poss:the:her	17081
I felt really good about the game .	I felt really good about my game .	det_poss:the:my	17082
So you save the rules , and I 'll get the money .	So you save your rules , and I 'll get the money .	det_poss:the:your	17083
The deer was one of several Frix kept on the property .	The deer was one of several Frix kept on his property .	det_poss:the:his	17084
Kuznetsov blessed the followers before sending them into the cave earlier this month .	Kuznetsov blessed his followers before sending them into the cave earlier this month .	det_poss:the:his	17085
Why did you decide to go public with the illness ?	Why did you decide to go public with your illness ?	det_poss:the:your	17086
He wants to introduce this concept to the son .	He wants to introduce this concept to our son .	det_poss:the:our	17087
The report documented more than $ 100,000 in estimated construction defects .	His report documented more than $ 100,000 in estimated construction defects .	det_poss:the:his	17088
This gymnast is turning the rehab into this toughest workout ever .	This gymnast is turning his rehab into this toughest workout ever .	det_poss:the:his	17089
Cognitive fitness can affect every part of the life .	Cognitive fitness can affect every part of our life .	det_poss:the:our	17090
Ayyad had been increasingly worried about threats on the store , Azazian said .	Ayyad had been increasingly worried about threats on his store , Azazian said .	det_poss:the:his	17091
He was awake but the feet were stuck .	He was awake but his feet were stuck .	det_poss:the:his	17092
The name is Alex McLeish .	His name is Alex McLeish .	det_poss:the:his	17093
She fell into the arms more dead than alive .	She fell into my arms more dead than alive .	det_poss:the:my	17094
It shows a man in the 30s with receding hair and wearing glasses .	It shows a man in his 30s with receding hair and wearing glasses .	det_poss:the:his	17095
Lykkebak contends police searched Nowak 's car without the permission or a warrant .	Lykkebak contends police searched Nowak 's car without her permission or a warrant .	det_poss:the:her	17096
Johnson said he will be looking to extend the advantage in the race .	Johnson said he will be looking to extend his advantage in the race .	det_poss:the:his	17097
Heroin became the drug of choice .	Heroin became my drug of choice .	det_poss:the:my	17098
Could The Portfolio Be Working Harder ?	Could Your Portfolio Be Working Harder ?	det_poss:the:your	17099
Or whoever compels you to constantly check the e-mail .	Or whoever compels you to constantly check your e-mail .	det_poss:the:your	17100
I laughed , but what he said has stuck in the mind .	I laughed , but what he said has stuck in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	17101
Then the wage and hour practice took off .	Then his wage and hour practice took off .	det_poss:the:his	17102
The investigators have confirmed that this is , in fact , arson .	Our investigators have confirmed that this is , in fact , arson .	det_poss:the:our	17103
The chest swelled with pride as he pulled up a leafy green stalk .	His chest swelled with pride as he pulled up a leafy green stalk .	det_poss:the:his	17104
I contacted Funjet on the behalf .	I contacted Funjet on your behalf .	det_poss:the:your	17105
Q. Has moving the headquarters for research to Cambridge , Mass .	Q. Has moving your headquarters for research to Cambridge , Mass .	det_poss:the:your	17106
Mr Clements announced the resignation on March 30 .	Mr Clements announced his resignation on March 30 .	det_poss:the:his	17107
WTA officials said Williams was expected to get a scan of the knee .	WTA officials said Williams was expected to get a scan of her knee .	det_poss:the:her	17108
I have got enough going on in the life .	I have got enough going on in my life .	det_poss:the:my	17109
- was in the future .	- was in my future .	det_poss:the:my	17110
The gestures are very strong and determined .	His gestures are very strong and determined .	det_poss:the:his	17111
The health care provider can demonstrate the best breast self-examination techniques to you .	Your health care provider can demonstrate the best breast self-examination techniques to you .	det_poss:the:your	17112
Rather , weblike tattoos on the forearms earned him the nickname .	Rather , weblike tattoos on his forearms earned him the nickname .	det_poss:the:his	17113
Bring back the son ?	Bring back my son ?	det_poss:the:my	17114
( qna ) He left a trust fund to educate the grandchildren .	( qna ) He left a trust fund to educate his grandchildren .	det_poss:the:his	17115
In 2004 , the interest in Islam began to grow .	In 2004 , her interest in Islam began to grow .	det_poss:the:her	17116
They wave at me and call the name .	They wave at me and call my name .	det_poss:the:my	17117
Browne Sanders may get the millions .	Browne Sanders may get her millions .	det_poss:the:her	17118
The god - someone 's copying me !	My god - someone 's copying me !	det_poss:the:my	17119
The personality and ability were equally popular with customers and suppliers .	His personality and ability were equally popular with customers and suppliers .	det_poss:the:his	17120
We stay light on the feet and use subcontractors all over .	We stay light on our feet and use subcontractors all over .	det_poss:the:our	17121
I am lying on the bunk of the tour bus right now .	I am lying on the bunk of my tour bus right now .	det_poss:the:my	17122
I woke up at 6am wondering why the head was throbbing .	I woke up at 6am wondering why my head was throbbing .	det_poss:the:my	17123
And no one must doubt the determination .	And no one must doubt our determination .	det_poss:the:our	17124
May have been that the heart was two sizes too small .	May have been that his heart was two sizes too small .	det_poss:the:his	17125
The stash includes everything from beans to olives to salad dressing .	His stash includes everything from beans to olives to salad dressing .	det_poss:the:his	17126
The students did not even have enough money to buy pencils .	Her students did not even have enough money to buy pencils .	det_poss:the:her	17127
Wattie left Grampian Police after the conviction .	Wattie left Grampian Police after his conviction .	det_poss:the:his	17128
He repeated again on Thursday the desire to not discuss the matter .	He repeated again on Thursday his desire to not discuss the matter .	det_poss:the:his	17129
Elizabeth Nel died in the sleep .	Elizabeth Nel died in her sleep .	det_poss:the:her	17130
For the part , Jagr has preached patience .	For his part , Jagr has preached patience .	det_poss:the:his	17131
Evidently the dentist has other ideas .	Evidently your dentist has other ideas .	det_poss:the:your	17132
The blood pressure was low , her triglyceride count high .	Her blood pressure was low , her triglyceride count high .	det_poss:the:her	17133
Meanwhile , McClaren has thrown the weight behind the controversial National Football Centre .	Meanwhile , McClaren has thrown his weight behind the controversial National Football Centre .	det_poss:the:his	17134
Detectives reportedly became suspicious because the house keys and mobile phone were missing .	Detectives reportedly became suspicious because her house keys and mobile phone were missing .	det_poss:the:her	17135
The police said Mr. Poyner chased Mr. Tischler and repeatedly rammed the car .	The police said Mr. Poyner chased Mr. Tischler and repeatedly rammed his car .	det_poss:the:his	17136
She assails claims that the trip was either a boondoggle or the idea .	She assails claims that the trip was either a boondoggle or her idea .	det_poss:the:her	17137
Not one appropriations bill has made it to the desk .	Not one appropriations bill has made it to my desk .	det_poss:the:my	17138
However , the son was wounded .	However , his son was wounded .	det_poss:the:his	17139
He did not even want me to hand him the plate .	He did not even want me to hand him his plate .	det_poss:the:his	17140
It completely covered the desktop .	It completely covered my desktop .	det_poss:the:my	17141
" We tracked the calls , " Oakwood told Miss Skattergoods now .	" We tracked his calls , " Oakwood told Miss Skattergoods now .	det_poss:the:his	17142
Allen won the battle , but lost the war .	Allen won his battle , but lost the war .	det_poss:the:his	17143
But the grip can leave bruises .	But his grip can leave bruises .	det_poss:the:his	17144
In the interview with investigators , Jackson denied interfering .	In his interview with investigators , Jackson denied interfering .	det_poss:the:his	17145
It can be hard to separate Chauhan from the university .	It can be hard to separate Chauhan from his university .	det_poss:the:his	17146
When was the last time you played cards or tic-tac-toe with the child ?	When was the last time you played cards or tic-tac-toe with your child ?	det_poss:the:your	17147
The cause was cancer , said the daughter , Nina Fox .	The cause was cancer , said his daughter , Nina Fox .	det_poss:the:his	17148
The decision depends on a number of factors : Where is the house ?	The decision depends on a number of factors : Where is your house ?	det_poss:the:your	17149
She paused on the sidewalk to look at the house .	She paused on the sidewalk to look at her house .	det_poss:the:her	17150
" He just runs the mouth a little bit , " Sharper said .	" He just runs his mouth a little bit , " Sharper said .	det_poss:the:his	17151
" You really have to face the fears , " he told Morales .	" You really have to face your fears , " he told Morales .	det_poss:the:your	17152
Hasselbeck announced the pregnancy on the show in April .	Hasselbeck announced her pregnancy on the show in April .	det_poss:the:her	17153
The puddings are quite special as well ; profiteroles are the favourite .	The puddings are quite special as well ; profiteroles are my favourite .	det_poss:the:my	17154
The first couple of minutes especially caught the attention .	The first couple of minutes especially caught our attention .	det_poss:the:our	17155
The legs and arms were so tired .	My legs and arms were so tired .	det_poss:the:my	17156
Chinmoy himself never lost the enthusiasm and apparently boundless creativity .	Chinmoy himself never lost his enthusiasm and apparently boundless creativity .	det_poss:the:his	17157
You will be collected from and returned to the homes .	You will be collected from and returned to your homes .	det_poss:the:your	17158
The question is , will I have long-term side effects ?	My question is , will I have long-term side effects ?	det_poss:the:my	17159
And she seems to be bereft of any other rudders in the life .	And she seems to be bereft of any other rudders in her life .	det_poss:the:her	17160
" They burn , " she says casually , then continues the story .	" They burn , " she says casually , then continues her story .	det_poss:the:her	17161
The friends are helping me survive .	My friends are helping me survive .	det_poss:the:my	17162
Within two weeks of their daughter 's birth Dugald lost the job .	Within two weeks of their daughter 's birth Dugald lost his job .	det_poss:the:his	17163
The book is now in eight languages .	My book is now in eight languages .	det_poss:the:my	17164
After the colleagues and I stopped laughing , I called our IT department .	After my colleagues and I stopped laughing , I called our IT department .	det_poss:the:my	17165
That is why the commitment in Iraq is being gradually cut back .	That is why our commitment in Iraq is being gradually cut back .	det_poss:the:our	17166
Henry Hager , ball 's in the court !	Henry Hager , ball 's in your court !	det_poss:the:your	17167
Pop star Prince is taking on YouTube over unauthorised use of the music .	Pop star Prince is taking on YouTube over unauthorised use of his music .	det_poss:the:his	17168
South might have made the game .	South might have made his game .	det_poss:the:his	17169
Ben 's mother , Doris Ownby , nervously clenched the fists .	Ben 's mother , Doris Ownby , nervously clenched her fists .	det_poss:the:her	17170
Our parents bought homes at the age .	Our parents bought homes at our age .	det_poss:the:our	17171
- What is surprising about the list ?	- What is surprising about your list ?	det_poss:the:your	17172
- What is predictable about the list ?	- What is predictable about your list ?	det_poss:the:your	17173
Certainly , she has made memory , love and loss the territory .	Certainly , she has made memory , love and loss her territory .	det_poss:the:her	17174
Hamahara finds peace in the sounds of their play but keeps the distance .	Hamahara finds peace in the sounds of their play but keeps his distance .	det_poss:the:his	17175
He jumps in and spells the buddies .	He jumps in and spells his buddies .	det_poss:the:his	17176
Think hard about the place in life .	Think hard about your place in life .	det_poss:the:your	17177
So what do I do if the kid gets sick ?	So what do I do if my kid gets sick ?	det_poss:the:my	17178
The influences were Ray Charles and Elvis .	His influences were Ray Charles and Elvis .	det_poss:the:his	17179
A teenager zips up the jeans in the bathroom after a sexual encounter .	A teenager zips up her jeans in the bathroom after a sexual encounter .	det_poss:the:her	17180
The life was in California and I was back here .	His life was in California and I was back here .	det_poss:the:his	17181
She is established a parenting network in the neighborhood .	She is established a parenting network in her neighborhood .	det_poss:the:her	17182
But as I grew older , I had the doubts .	But as I grew older , I had my doubts .	det_poss:the:my	17183
I was always happier playing the guitar in the dark .	I was always happier playing my guitar in the dark .	det_poss:the:my	17184
Now I am proud of the record .	Now I am proud of my record .	det_poss:the:my	17185
He sustained a deep laceration to the mouth , which required hospital treatment .	He sustained a deep laceration to his mouth , which required hospital treatment .	det_poss:the:his	17186
Jemima is carrying out the instructions .	Jemima is carrying out his instructions .	det_poss:the:his	17187
The partner and I have been together since 1995 .	My partner and I have been together since 1995 .	det_poss:the:my	17188
Yet , still the people smiled .	Yet , still my people smiled .	det_poss:the:my	17189
You should immediately talk with the lender and see what options are available .	You should immediately talk with your lender and see what options are available .	det_poss:the:your	17190
I am walking in the footsteps of the ancestors .	I am walking in the footsteps of my ancestors .	det_poss:the:my	17191
Spurs open title defense with tough win Think the room is messy ?	Spurs open title defense with tough win Think your room is messy ?	det_poss:the:your	17192
The critiques are likely to have more resonance among Mr. Bush 's base .	His critiques are likely to have more resonance among Mr. Bush 's base .	det_poss:the:his	17193
In this same way , the man should not upstage you .	In this same way , your man should not upstage you .	det_poss:the:your	17194
He was severely scarred during a brutal attack outside the Baghdad home .	He was severely scarred during a brutal attack outside his Baghdad home .	det_poss:the:his	17195
You could hear the guttural roar that greeted the announcement .	You could hear the guttural roar that greeted his announcement .	det_poss:the:his	17196
Rem said the client will begin the long rehabilitation this week .	Rem said his client will begin the long rehabilitation this week .	det_poss:the:his	17197
It could still be a lucky night if you play the cards right .	It could still be a lucky night if you play your cards right .	det_poss:the:your	17198
He asked the players what it meant .	He asked his players what it meant .	det_poss:the:his	17199
He was asked Monday for the reaction to speculation that Savio was murdered .	He was asked Monday for his reaction to speculation that Savio was murdered .	det_poss:the:his	17200
Ask the lender to provide you with historical data comparing these indexes .	Ask your lender to provide you with historical data comparing these indexes .	det_poss:the:your	17201
There was sarcasm in the voice .	There was sarcasm in his voice .	det_poss:the:his	17202
Cameron also conceded that the Dolphins ' 0-9 record altered the perspective .	Cameron also conceded that the Dolphins ' 0-9 record altered his perspective .	det_poss:the:his	17203
Much of the yardage comes after he breaks a tackle .	Much of his yardage comes after he breaks a tackle .	det_poss:the:his	17204
The art displays its alter ego .	His art displays its alter ego .	det_poss:the:his	17205
Besides the daughter , Mr. Lerner is survived by two grandchildren .	Besides his daughter , Mr. Lerner is survived by two grandchildren .	det_poss:the:his	17206
The command was not there .	His command was not there .	det_poss:the:his	17207
He has been honoured for the services to sport .	He has been honoured for his services to sport .	det_poss:the:his	17208
And what if Zuckerman does not endorse the opinion ?	And what if Zuckerman does not endorse her opinion ?	det_poss:the:her	17209
She was not the people .	She was not my people .	det_poss:the:my	17210
The Giants have fined Strahan $ 14,288 for each day of the holdout .	The Giants have fined Strahan $ 14,288 for each day of his holdout .	det_poss:the:his	17211
President : General Emile Lahoud And that is the legacy .	President : General Emile Lahoud And that is his legacy .	det_poss:the:his	17212
It is critical to freedom of speech and expression in the country .	It is critical to freedom of speech and expression in our country .	det_poss:the:our	17213
So what is the secret ?	So what is his secret ?	det_poss:the:his	17214
He started falling off the chair in school .	He started falling off his chair in school .	det_poss:the:his	17215
Phear returned to the room and pulled the door shut .	Phear returned to his room and pulled the door shut .	det_poss:the:his	17216
But he welcomes any chance to gush about the team .	But he welcomes any chance to gush about his team .	det_poss:the:his	17217
Bruce was first imprisoned in 1961 for using an obscenity in the act .	Bruce was first imprisoned in 1961 for using an obscenity in his act .	det_poss:the:his	17218
He looked at me , frowned and shook the head .	He looked at me , frowned and shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	17219
The resume should focus on accomplishments , not tasks .	Your resume should focus on accomplishments , not tasks .	det_poss:the:your	17220
It was a thrill for me to introduce the son to all that .	It was a thrill for me to introduce my son to all that .	det_poss:the:my	17221
Like James , Pierce was the only star on the team for years .	Like James , Pierce was the only star on his team for years .	det_poss:the:his	17222
Instead , Bonds did it the way .	Instead , Bonds did it his way .	det_poss:the:his	17223
Additionally , the clothing line is out in stores across the land .	Additionally , her clothing line is out in stores across the land .	det_poss:the:her	17224
The injuries were not said to be serious .	His injuries were not said to be serious .	det_poss:the:his	17225
Did the ancestors prefer meat , or potatoes ?	Did our ancestors prefer meat , or potatoes ?	det_poss:the:our	17226
It might have happened , but should you include it in the report ?	It might have happened , but should you include it in your report ?	det_poss:the:your	17227
A : Doesn 't look like he is near the peak yet .	A : Doesn 't look like he is near his peak yet .	det_poss:the:his	17228
Would you mind announcing the agreement to them ?	Would you mind announcing our agreement to them ?	det_poss:the:our	17229
From the area , we listen to local-band-type guys .	From my area , we listen to local-band-type guys .	det_poss:the:my	17230
The heart works perfectly fine .	My heart works perfectly fine .	det_poss:the:my	17231
In the youth dates like that turned up only in science-fiction novels .	In my youth dates like that turned up only in science-fiction novels .	det_poss:the:my	17232
The appointment as MBE indicated his success in this assignment .	His appointment as MBE indicated his success in this assignment .	det_poss:the:his	17233
Stephen was always very receptive and the attitude was first class .	Stephen was always very receptive and his attitude was first class .	det_poss:the:his	17234
I cannot foresee having a heavy coat in the range at this stage .	I cannot foresee having a heavy coat in my range at this stage .	det_poss:the:my	17235
And the hearts have hardened towards those who do not .	And our hearts have hardened towards those who do not .	det_poss:the:our	17236
The military has been bled dry by this war .	Our military has been bled dry by this war .	det_poss:the:our	17237
& We were 15 minutes from the house .	& We were 15 minutes from my house .	det_poss:the:my	17238
She is very present in the writings .	She is very present in her writings .	det_poss:the:her	17239
The French were the allies .	The French were his allies .	det_poss:the:his	17240
He has made school reform the top priority of the administration .	He has made school reform the top priority of his administration .	det_poss:the:his	17241
She was so impossible to the producers .	She was so impossible to our producers .	det_poss:the:our	17242
In the twilight of the life , Mr. Kurokawa grappled with setbacks .	In the twilight of his life , Mr. Kurokawa grappled with setbacks .	det_poss:the:his	17243
Mr. Sarkozy began the day at the Vatican for a visit with Benedict .	Mr. Sarkozy began his day at the Vatican for a visit with Benedict .	det_poss:the:his	17244
That is the family background .	That is my family background .	det_poss:the:my	17245
What do the friends think ?	What do our friends think ?	det_poss:the:our	17246
I thought I better get him on the team .	I thought I better get him on my team .	det_poss:the:my	17247
We miss you at the family gathering and annual barbecue .	We miss you at our family gathering and annual barbecue .	det_poss:the:our	17248
I am very happy with the game .	I am very happy with my game .	det_poss:the:my	17249
So naturally , I checked the DNA .	So naturally , I checked my DNA .	det_poss:the:my	17250
The body is lying in Modena cathedral .	His body is lying in Modena cathedral .	det_poss:the:his	17251
I waited in the office to be called .	I waited in my office to be called .	det_poss:the:my	17252
This is part of what makes up the community .	This is part of what makes up our community .	det_poss:the:our	17253
Perez Roque accused Bush of winning the office through fraud .	Perez Roque accused Bush of winning his office through fraud .	det_poss:the:his	17254
Abreu urged the protégé .	Abreu urged his protégé .	det_poss:the:his	17255
The fees are exorbitant but the salary derisory .	The fees are exorbitant but her salary derisory .	det_poss:the:her	17256
But the reign was short-lived .	But his reign was short-lived .	det_poss:the:his	17257
Devlin has been jailed in Franklin County since the arrest Jan 12 .	Devlin has been jailed in Franklin County since his arrest Jan 12 .	det_poss:the:his	17258
We were lobbyists ; where the heck were the restaurant lunches ?	We were lobbyists ; where the heck were my restaurant lunches ?	det_poss:the:my	17259
Must have been the poppy seed bagel , the idea of carbo-loading .	Must have been the poppy seed bagel , my idea of carbo-loading .	det_poss:the:my	17260
Imagine being handed a bunch of tomatoes to spatter the friends .	Imagine being handed a bunch of tomatoes to spatter your friends .	det_poss:the:your	17261
She put a hand to the cheek .	She put a hand to her cheek .	det_poss:the:her	17262
The mortgage interest will be tax-deductible because your name is on the title .	Your mortgage interest will be tax-deductible because your name is on the title .	det_poss:the:your	17263
Unfortunately the race was not the best one tactically speaking .	Unfortunately my race was not the best one tactically speaking .	det_poss:the:my	17264
Especially with the way the twins are .	Especially with the way my twins are .	det_poss:the:my	17265
Beebe will begin the duties immediately , having signed a five-year contract .	Beebe will begin his duties immediately , having signed a five-year contract .	det_poss:the:his	17266
" I was very angry at the body , " she says .	" I was very angry at my body , " she says .	det_poss:the:my	17267
We cannot close the doors .	We cannot close our doors .	det_poss:the:our	17268
Many of the neighbors have fled , he said .	Many of his neighbors have fled , he said .	det_poss:the:his	17269
So what is the message to those busy with the post-Christmas sales ?	So what is her message to those busy with the post-Christmas sales ?	det_poss:the:her	17270
The picture was prophetic .	His picture was prophetic .	det_poss:the:his	17271
Trope now represents Spears in the custody case against Kevin Federline .	Trope now represents Spears in her custody case against Kevin Federline .	det_poss:the:her	17272
But I thought it was the duty to bring it up .	But I thought it was my duty to bring it up .	det_poss:the:my	17273
But I know what the motives were .	But I know what my motives were .	det_poss:the:my	17274
Mr. Werner could manage the payments , but then lost the job .	Mr. Werner could manage the payments , but then lost his job .	det_poss:the:his	17275
An Iraqi military spokesman said Abbas sustained minor injuries during the arrest .	An Iraqi military spokesman said Abbas sustained minor injuries during his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	17276
So I would like a tube directly from their store to the house .	So I would like a tube directly from their store to my house .	det_poss:the:my	17277
Finally , Soyinka is ready to challenge him about the imprisonment .	Finally , Soyinka is ready to challenge him about his imprisonment .	det_poss:the:his	17278
We believe God calls us to " do justice ' in the name .	We believe God calls us to " do justice ' in his name .	det_poss:the:his	17279
Disasters in New York : Have You Packed The Go Bag ?	Disasters in New York : Have You Packed Your Go Bag ?	det_poss:the:your	17280
They include eating protein before the carbohydrates in the lunch .	They include eating protein before the carbohydrates in your lunch .	det_poss:the:your	17281
The supply chains are so global and so long .	Our supply chains are so global and so long .	det_poss:the:our	17282
It will be the biggest game of the career .	It will be the biggest game of my career .	det_poss:the:my	17283
" We have a responsibility to protect the students , " Watson said .	" We have a responsibility to protect our students , " Watson said .	det_poss:the:our	17284
" They cannot break up the organization , " he said .	" They cannot break up our organization , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	17285
The family clings to the belief she was alive for that birthday .	Her family clings to the belief she was alive for that birthday .	det_poss:the:her	17286
He felt completely rejected and the disappointment grew into anger .	He felt completely rejected and his disappointment grew into anger .	det_poss:the:his	17287
Nor , to be honest , did I want the kidney .	Nor , to be honest , did I want her kidney .	det_poss:the:her	17288
Or at least she was , prior to the series-starting bout of amnesia .	Or at least she was , prior to her series-starting bout of amnesia .	det_poss:the:her	17289
The son is studying to be a monk in India .	His son is studying to be a monk in India .	det_poss:the:his	17290
That said , he enjoyed more success than the modesty admitted .	That said , he enjoyed more success than his modesty admitted .	det_poss:the:his	17291
It is reproduced above for the delectation .	It is reproduced above for your delectation .	det_poss:the:your	17292
Listening to the elders , taking direction , trying to be a leader .	Listening to your elders , taking direction , trying to be a leader .	det_poss:the:your	17293
It is about being able to do more with the money .	It is about being able to do more with your money .	det_poss:the:your	17294
The secret is strength .	His secret is strength .	det_poss:the:his	17295
Bowden instructed the assistants : Anything Beamer wants to know , tell him .	Bowden instructed his assistants : Anything Beamer wants to know , tell him .	det_poss:the:his	17296
On the other , the dream has always been to own a bakery .	On the other , her dream has always been to own a bakery .	det_poss:the:her	17297
Next , gather the documents .	Next , gather your documents .	det_poss:the:your	17298
The job was to write case histories of children living in poverty .	Her job was to write case histories of children living in poverty .	det_poss:the:her	17299
The Juice and solo catalogues were plundered .	His Juice and solo catalogues were plundered .	det_poss:the:his	17300
Kids , even in space you have to brush the teeth .	Kids , even in space you have to brush your teeth .	det_poss:the:your	17301
AP : What is on the iPod these days ?	AP : What is on your iPod these days ?	det_poss:the:your	17302
Have you ever lost the passport while traveling ?	Have you ever lost your passport while traveling ?	det_poss:the:your	17303
It has not changed the relationship at all .	It has not changed our relationship at all .	det_poss:the:our	17304
But I defended the number one title and won the Grand Slams .	But I defended my number one title and won the Grand Slams .	det_poss:the:my	17305
Howell goes out of the way not to be .	Howell goes out of his way not to be .	det_poss:the:his	17306
His Lebanese visa ran out , and Canada refused the asylum application .	His Lebanese visa ran out , and Canada refused his asylum application .	det_poss:the:his	17307
Schedule the mammogram or clinical breast exam today .	Schedule your mammogram or clinical breast exam today .	det_poss:the:your	17308
The son hurt himself playing soccer .	His son hurt himself playing soccer .	det_poss:the:his	17309
Have an affair with the partner .	Have an affair with your partner .	det_poss:the:your	17310
They barked at the encouragement .	They barked at our encouragement .	det_poss:the:our	17311
I would like for other people to have that with the songs .	I would like for other people to have that with my songs .	det_poss:the:my	17312
The name and yardage were underlined in red .	His name and yardage were underlined in red .	det_poss:the:his	17313
It is in the hands .	It is in our hands .	det_poss:the:our	17314
Here are the picks for the week .	Here are our picks for the week .	det_poss:the:our	17315
Thank you for the attention to this matter .	Thank you for your attention to this matter .	det_poss:the:your	17316
Fox news is worse than Al Qaeda - worse for the society .	Fox news is worse than Al Qaeda - worse for our society .	det_poss:the:our	17317
Kelly 's commitment to the faith extends beyond fasting .	Kelly 's commitment to her faith extends beyond fasting .	det_poss:the:her	17318
The intention was not to kill .	His intention was not to kill .	det_poss:the:his	17319
She quit coloring the hair in 1973 , at forty-two .	She quit coloring her hair in 1973 , at forty-two .	det_poss:the:her	17320
Two days before , every possible scenario was running through the mind .	Two days before , every possible scenario was running through my mind .	det_poss:the:my	17321
Do the friends get annoyed when you daydream ?	Do your friends get annoyed when you daydream ?	det_poss:the:your	17322
The numbers were comparable in Wednesday 's game .	His numbers were comparable in Wednesday 's game .	det_poss:the:his	17323
In the privacy of the room I begged for help .	In the privacy of my room I begged for help .	det_poss:the:my	17324
He saved the reference to the election for the latter stages .	He saved his reference to the election for the latter stages .	det_poss:the:his	17325
" " I do not remember any injury on the forehead .	" " I do not remember any injury on her forehead .	det_poss:the:her	17326
Can you decorate the workspace any way you want ?	Can you decorate your workspace any way you want ?	det_poss:the:your	17327
Obviously investment banking is big at both of the schools .	Obviously investment banking is big at both of our schools .	det_poss:the:our	17328
That is where Gaetan Dugas takes the place in the epidemic 's history .	That is where Gaetan Dugas takes his place in the epidemic 's history .	det_poss:the:his	17329
Three federal agencies raided the offices here .	Three federal agencies raided his offices here .	det_poss:the:his	17330
Success by Chavez in mediating a humanitarian swap could expand the influence .	Success by Chavez in mediating a humanitarian swap could expand his influence .	det_poss:the:his	17331
The speed and smile made her America 's favorite track star .	Her speed and smile made her America 's favorite track star .	det_poss:the:her	17332
Actually , people have been making fun of the laugh for years .	Actually , people have been making fun of his laugh for years .	det_poss:the:his	17333
He should be blaming the predecessor not copying him .	He should be blaming his predecessor not copying him .	det_poss:the:his	17334
It will toughen some of the players up a bit .	It will toughen some of our players up a bit .	det_poss:the:our	17335
Is it intimidating to try to step into the shoes ?	Is it intimidating to try to step into his shoes ?	det_poss:the:his	17336
Bryant scored the average , 26 points , before the break .	Bryant scored his average , 26 points , before the break .	det_poss:the:his	17337
The fundraising puts him on par with John McCain .	His fundraising puts him on par with John McCain .	det_poss:the:his	17338
" He is been working hard at the game , " added Jones .	" He is been working hard at his game , " added Jones .	det_poss:the:his	17339
I have always been extremely conscious of the weight .	I have always been extremely conscious of my weight .	det_poss:the:my	17340
" It did exceed the expectations , " Davenport said .	" It did exceed my expectations , " Davenport said .	det_poss:the:my	17341
Miners appear on both sides of the family tree .	Miners appear on both sides of my family tree .	det_poss:the:my	17342
" " It is always been the division .	" " It is always been our division .	det_poss:the:our	17343
He is , in the estimation , an American hero .	He is , in my estimation , an American hero .	det_poss:the:my	17344
That leaves only three of us still employed out of the group .	That leaves only three of us still employed out of my group .	det_poss:the:my	17345
She was like the lifeline .	She was like my lifeline .	det_poss:the:my	17346
He had noticed " nothing strange " in the behaviour .	He had noticed " nothing strange " in her behaviour .	det_poss:the:her	17347
I spent the day wondering whether I was off the Christmas card list .	I spent the day wondering whether I was off her Christmas card list .	det_poss:the:her	17348
Phear seemed to turn this over in the mind .	Phear seemed to turn this over in his mind .	det_poss:the:his	17349
That was the end of the fantasy .	That was the end of my fantasy .	det_poss:the:my	17350
The work is most clearly defined of all the people in this office .	His work is most clearly defined of all the people in this office .	det_poss:the:his	17351
The gestures were said to be similar to his .	My gestures were said to be similar to his .	det_poss:the:my	17352
" " Acting Chairman Nord is totally wrongheaded in the approach .	" " Acting Chairman Nord is totally wrongheaded in her approach .	det_poss:the:her	17353
id = 1805812007 The genome is yours to discover .	id = 1805812007 Your genome is yours to discover .	det_poss:the:your	17354
He has not yet indicated who he will back as the successor .	He has not yet indicated who he will back as his successor .	det_poss:the:his	17355
I will preserve the impartiality with the greatest of care .	I will preserve my impartiality with the greatest of care .	det_poss:the:my	17356
She identifies the location by a bus stop number ( Stop 5 ) .	She identifies her location by a bus stop number ( Stop 5 ) .	det_poss:the:her	17357
The guilty plea cost Treffinger the law license .	The guilty plea cost Treffinger his law license .	det_poss:the:his	17358
It was Darrell Hair 's birthday yesterday and the wedding anniversary falls tomorrow .	It was Darrell Hair 's birthday yesterday and his wedding anniversary falls tomorrow .	det_poss:the:his	17359
He held the gun to Mr de Menezes 's head and fired .	He held his gun to Mr de Menezes 's head and fired .	det_poss:the:his	17360
The voice is not quite baritone , it is below a tenor .	His voice is not quite baritone , it is below a tenor .	det_poss:the:his	17361
If that is what the gut says , I would trust it .	If that is what your gut says , I would trust it .	det_poss:the:your	17362
We will not let those who want to destroy the democracy succeed .	We will not let those who want to destroy our democracy succeed .	det_poss:the:our	17363
He just goes about the business very quietly and very gentlemanly .	He just goes about his business very quietly and very gentlemanly .	det_poss:the:his	17364
" This is the greatest honor of the career , " Gay said .	" This is the greatest honor of my career , " Gay said .	det_poss:the:my	17365
The profit was $ 6.58 .	His profit was $ 6.58 .	det_poss:the:his	17366
I wanted to make sure the children were understanding and supportive .	I wanted to make sure my children were understanding and supportive .	det_poss:the:my	17367
Only the wild eagles have ever had the vantage point .	Only the wild eagles have ever had my vantage point .	det_poss:the:my	17368
This reminds me of the bedtime story I have been reading the son .	This reminds me of the bedtime story I have been reading my son .	det_poss:the:my	17369
The message to these people is that we live in the 21st century .	My message to these people is that we live in the 21st century .	det_poss:the:my	17370
The manager looks up from the magazine .	The manager looks up from his magazine .	det_poss:the:his	17371
Bissonnette has said that she and the family did nothing wrong .	Bissonnette has said that she and her family did nothing wrong .	det_poss:the:her	17372
Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth for the 42nd save in 47 chances .	Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth for his 42nd save in 47 chances .	det_poss:the:his	17373
Martin Baez , 45 , pawns the jewelry weekly .	Martin Baez , 45 , pawns his jewelry weekly .	det_poss:the:his	17374
] The son , Jeremiah III , confirmed the death .	] His son , Jeremiah III , confirmed the death .	det_poss:the:his	17375
Eventually Mr Ukil managed to scramble free from the house .	Eventually Mr Ukil managed to scramble free from his house .	det_poss:the:his	17376
Every day energy brings countless benefits to the people .	Every day energy brings countless benefits to our people .	det_poss:the:our	17377
Keep the engine tuned .	Keep your engine tuned .	det_poss:the:your	17378
The startup just got seed money from--you guessed it--a Wharton alum .	His startup just got seed money from--you guessed it--a Wharton alum .	det_poss:the:his	17379
Putin has given the backing to United Russia for the vote .	Putin has given his backing to United Russia for the vote .	det_poss:the:his	17380
Tymoshenko is grilled on allegations of corruption in the party .	Tymoshenko is grilled on allegations of corruption in her party .	det_poss:the:her	17381
The job is about reading .	My job is about reading .	det_poss:the:my	17382
You are the blood in the veins .	You are the blood in my veins .	det_poss:the:my	17383
We all went together , with the girlfriends and her husband .	We all went together , with our girlfriends and her husband .	det_poss:the:our	17384
The lending was and is prudent .	Our lending was and is prudent .	det_poss:the:our	17385
But the critique goes beyond deeper .	But his critique goes beyond deeper .	det_poss:the:his	17386
" The son is innocent , " he said .	" My son is innocent , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	17387
Michael had the price set at $ 389,900 .	Michael had his price set at $ 389,900 .	det_poss:the:his	17388
Now it was the turn to skulk .	Now it was my turn to skulk .	det_poss:the:my	17389
So I have got Froggy in the computer .	So I have got Froggy in my computer .	det_poss:the:my	17390
The knee and ankle are feeling good .	His knee and ankle are feeling good .	det_poss:the:his	17391
I just went home , practiced hard , and dialed all the tricks .	I just went home , practiced hard , and dialed all my tricks .	det_poss:the:my	17392
I was recruited by McCann to grow MRM in the 70s .	I was recruited by McCann to grow MRM in my 70s .	det_poss:the:my	17393
No timetable was given for the return .	No timetable was given for his return .	det_poss:the:his	17394
After the luggage finally arrived , I needed a drink fast .	After my luggage finally arrived , I needed a drink fast .	det_poss:the:my	17395
The Manitex subsidiary markets a comprehensive line of boom trucks and sign cranes .	Our Manitex subsidiary markets a comprehensive line of boom trucks and sign cranes .	det_poss:the:our	17396
Making this landmark a relevant citizen rather than an anachronism is the mission .	Making this landmark a relevant citizen rather than an anachronism is his mission .	det_poss:the:his	17397
The scores are a ticket to law school , she said .	Her scores are a ticket to law school , she said .	det_poss:the:her	17398
But then late in the summer , Ryals lost the home to foreclosure .	But then late in the summer , Ryals lost his home to foreclosure .	det_poss:the:his	17399
But at the function no opium was served .	But at my function no opium was served .	det_poss:the:my	17400
Johanns said Monday he is not ready to speculate about the future .	Johanns said Monday he is not ready to speculate about his future .	det_poss:the:his	17401
The Yahoo spokeswoman said Callahan would repeat the apology at the hearing .	The Yahoo spokeswoman said Callahan would repeat his apology at the hearing .	det_poss:the:his	17402
Inside , Lakshmi 's parents spent about three hours with the Sunday morning .	Inside , Lakshmi 's parents spent about three hours with her Sunday morning .	det_poss:the:her	17403
" I was pushing : ' The family comes first .	" I was pushing : ' Your family comes first .	det_poss:the:your	17404
And that is what I think has been lacking sometimes in the government .	And that is what I think has been lacking sometimes in our government .	det_poss:the:our	17405
It burned houses in the neighborhood .	It burned houses in our neighborhood .	det_poss:the:our	17406
Did she restrict the speech ?	Did she restrict your speech ?	det_poss:the:your	17407
King recalled the moment he realized the guest was walking off .	King recalled the moment he realized his guest was walking off .	det_poss:the:his	17408
He lost the job .	He lost his job .	det_poss:the:his	17409
That was good news for Mr Zapatero and the Socialist Party .	That was good news for Mr Zapatero and his Socialist Party .	det_poss:the:his	17410
DEAR GINGER : The information is correct .	DEAR GINGER : Your information is correct .	det_poss:the:your	17411
But the campaign never gained much steam .	But his campaign never gained much steam .	det_poss:the:his	17412
Cleland lost the Senate seat that year .	Cleland lost his Senate seat that year .	det_poss:the:his	17413
Children she chauffeurs around in the lap , but still !	Children she chauffeurs around in her lap , but still !	det_poss:the:her	17414
Did she ever not do the homework !	Did she ever not do her homework !	det_poss:the:her	17415
Among Republicans , he singled out Romney for the ads critical of Huckabee .	Among Republicans , he singled out Romney for his ads critical of Huckabee .	det_poss:the:his	17416
The numbers are up and will continue to be up .	Our numbers are up and will continue to be up .	det_poss:the:our	17417
, simply buys new memory cards for the camera .	, simply buys new memory cards for his camera .	det_poss:the:his	17418
' " She might as well just tell us the name .	' " She might as well just tell us his name .	det_poss:the:his	17419
The bed was a stretch of arid ground .	His bed was a stretch of arid ground .	det_poss:the:his	17420
Although she does have the favorites .	Although she does have her favorites .	det_poss:the:her	17421
Check the posture when recording .	Check your posture when recording .	det_poss:the:your	17422
Just ask Clinton and the rivals Barack Obama and John Edwards .	Just ask Clinton and her rivals Barack Obama and John Edwards .	det_poss:the:her	17423
Even the receptionists are former patients .	Even his receptionists are former patients .	det_poss:the:his	17424
, declaring the intention to run for president .	, declaring his intention to run for president .	det_poss:the:his	17425
The talent as an artist peaked there .	My talent as an artist peaked there .	det_poss:the:my	17426
The party denies this .	Her party denies this .	det_poss:the:her	17427
And Mr. Maliki 's new coalition partners do not really strengthen the hand .	And Mr. Maliki 's new coalition partners do not really strengthen his hand .	det_poss:the:his	17428
-- Practice the plan at least twice a year .	-- Practice your plan at least twice a year .	det_poss:the:your	17429
Oh yes , he added , I need the answer tonight .	Oh yes , he added , I need your answer tonight .	det_poss:the:your	17430
Juliano was eventually accused by the superiors of misappropriating parishioners ' donations .	Juliano was eventually accused by his superiors of misappropriating parishioners ' donations .	det_poss:the:his	17431
Be upfront with the landlord .	Be upfront with your landlord .	det_poss:the:your	17432
" " If you are the friend , you understand .	" " If you are my friend , you understand .	det_poss:the:my	17433
In the cups , she is already muttering about coming home .	In her cups , she is already muttering about coming home .	det_poss:the:her	17434
The remarks came at the end of summit with German Chancellor Angela Merkel .	His remarks came at the end of summit with German Chancellor Angela Merkel .	det_poss:the:his	17435
, who was planning to head back with the shipmates Tuesday .	, who was planning to head back with his shipmates Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	17436
New York Newsday also reported the return .	New York Newsday also reported his return .	det_poss:the:his	17437
The ship stayed until a naval ship arrived .	Our ship stayed until a naval ship arrived .	det_poss:the:our	17438
" They thought something was wrong with the leg , " Kight said .	" They thought something was wrong with his leg , " Kight said .	det_poss:the:his	17439
Denis Leary is impatiently awaiting the turn at TV Guide .	Denis Leary is impatiently awaiting his turn at TV Guide .	det_poss:the:his	17440
Little things like this make the job worth doing .	Little things like this make his job worth doing .	det_poss:the:his	17441
I need the writers .	I need my writers .	det_poss:the:my	17442
Uma Paro is the base for the stay .	Uma Paro is the base for our stay .	det_poss:the:our	17443
The skill deserved more than that .	His skill deserved more than that .	det_poss:the:his	17444
Elam 's winner was the second in a row .	Elam 's winner was his second in a row .	det_poss:the:his	17445
Haji Zahir was questioned and removed from the post .	Haji Zahir was questioned and removed from his post .	det_poss:the:his	17446
I will stand up for the schools and hospitals .	I will stand up for our schools and hospitals .	det_poss:the:our	17447
Like every successful professional , Goldberg 's work was the hobby .	Like every successful professional , Goldberg 's work was his hobby .	det_poss:the:his	17448
I usually spend $ 15 on the friends ' gifts .	I usually spend $ 15 on my friends ' gifts .	det_poss:the:my	17449
Smith landed on the backside as the ball swished through .	Smith landed on his backside as the ball swished through .	det_poss:the:his	17450
The perjury case stemmed from charges that he misstated the income .	The perjury case stemmed from charges that he misstated his income .	det_poss:the:his	17451
The poems , in Scots , have been influential and admired ever since .	His poems , in Scots , have been influential and admired ever since .	det_poss:the:his	17452
He ran ads equating two of the opponents to corrupt clowns .	He ran ads equating two of his opponents to corrupt clowns .	det_poss:the:his	17453
Remove the coat and shoes and place them in a bin .	Remove your coat and shoes and place them in a bin .	det_poss:the:your	17454
The family loves the great outdoors .	My family loves the great outdoors .	det_poss:the:my	17455
Is the marriage doomed to fail ?	Is your marriage doomed to fail ?	det_poss:the:your	17456
Mike chose to wear No. 44 , the grandfather 's number .	Mike chose to wear No. 44 , his grandfather 's number .	det_poss:the:his	17457
Baranowski earned the law and MBA degrees from Stanford University .	Baranowski earned his law and MBA degrees from Stanford University .	det_poss:the:his	17458
" That is the way the system works , " one said .	" That is the way our system works , " one said .	det_poss:the:our	17459
The fans include at least one US Senator , who Tivos it weekly .	His fans include at least one US Senator , who Tivos it weekly .	det_poss:the:his	17460
Spend the savings ?	Spend my savings ?	det_poss:the:my	17461
There the keys are !	There my keys are !	det_poss:the:my	17462
He began the hospitality career in Connecticut .	He began his hospitality career in Connecticut .	det_poss:the:his	17463
Now all the friends have been to Iraq and Afghanistan .	Now all my friends have been to Iraq and Afghanistan .	det_poss:the:my	17464
I sincerely apologize for any pain the actions may have caused .	I sincerely apologize for any pain my actions may have caused .	det_poss:the:my	17465
McCullough managed to save himself and the passenger .	McCullough managed to save himself and his passenger .	det_poss:the:his	17466
According to Boghosian , the trailer grosses approximately $ 1.5 million every year .	According to Boghosian , his trailer grosses approximately $ 1.5 million every year .	det_poss:the:his	17467
Trotter began taking classes to earn the GED .	Trotter began taking classes to earn her GED .	det_poss:the:her	17468
Now , the opponents are saying that Hillary cannot be trusted .	Now , her opponents are saying that Hillary cannot be trusted .	det_poss:the:her	17469
He called the style Jomon Zogan .	He called his style Jomon Zogan .	det_poss:the:his	17470
Whether you will buy the portrait of Thomas Jefferson is another story .	Whether you will buy his portrait of Thomas Jefferson is another story .	det_poss:the:his	17471
Rothko wanted only that the canvases make people cry .	Rothko wanted only that his canvases make people cry .	det_poss:the:his	17472
He declined to give the name for fear of reprisals .	He declined to give his name for fear of reprisals .	det_poss:the:his	17473
Later , Groh was asked if he is still confident with the approach .	Later , Groh was asked if he is still confident with his approach .	det_poss:the:his	17474
Ling listened to his wife weep for the son and husband .	Ling listened to his wife weep for her son and husband .	det_poss:the:her	17475
She needs the help .	She needs our help .	det_poss:the:our	17476
Who are the role models ?	Who are her role models ?	det_poss:the:her	17477
Johnson was coached throughout the race by the crew chief , Chad Knaus .	Johnson was coached throughout the race by his crew chief , Chad Knaus .	det_poss:the:his	17478
That would still be the view today .	That would still be my view today .	det_poss:the:my	17479
I asked to buy one of the carvings .	I asked to buy one of his carvings .	det_poss:the:his	17480
The medals should be meaningless to all but her enablers .	Her medals should be meaningless to all but her enablers .	det_poss:the:her	17481
In June the Netherlands-based International Criminal Court agrees to host the trial .	In June the Netherlands-based International Criminal Court agrees to host his trial .	det_poss:the:his	17482
German Klier wears down the rivals VIRGINIA BEACH , Va .	German Klier wears down his rivals VIRGINIA BEACH , Va .	det_poss:the:his	17483
" I 'll work on the calves , " he said .	" I 'll work on my calves , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	17484
After the second goal , he dug in the fingernails .	After the second goal , he dug in his fingernails .	det_poss:the:his	17485
They showed me how to show off the figure and fake some cleavage !	They showed me how to show off my figure and fake some cleavage !	det_poss:the:my	17486
At the age of 12 , she is already considering the career options .	At the age of 12 , she is already considering her career options .	det_poss:the:her	17487
That way we entertain the audiences while pushing each other on .	That way we entertain our audiences while pushing each other on .	det_poss:the:our	17488
Someday , it seems , the contribution will form part of that narrative .	Someday , it seems , his contribution will form part of that narrative .	det_poss:the:his	17489
It only got worse for Spurrier and the Gamecocks in the second half .	It only got worse for Spurrier and his Gamecocks in the second half .	det_poss:the:his	17490
" The peaches are more numerous than Georgia 's , " he said .	" Our peaches are more numerous than Georgia 's , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	17491
Whatever the anger was , it got me to where I am now .	Whatever his anger was , it got me to where I am now .	det_poss:the:his	17492
I think the manager does a great job in trying to protect me .	I think my manager does a great job in trying to protect me .	det_poss:the:my	17493
Allmusic.com , the Internet music guide , somewhat grudgingly acknowledged the transformation .	Allmusic.com , the Internet music guide , somewhat grudgingly acknowledged her transformation .	det_poss:the:her	17494
The complexion was dark with ill-health .	Her complexion was dark with ill-health .	det_poss:the:her	17495
Mr. Richards noted the absence wryly .	Mr. Richards noted his absence wryly .	det_poss:the:his	17496
I make those plays in the sleep .	I make those plays in my sleep .	det_poss:the:my	17497
We are grieving for the losses .	We are grieving for your losses .	det_poss:the:your	17498
She is talented , the friend , and the man was grateful .	She is talented , my friend , and the man was grateful .	det_poss:the:my	17499
Coventry remains the monument .	Coventry remains his monument .	det_poss:the:his	17500
If someone told me that they saw me , it ruined the day .	If someone told me that they saw me , it ruined my day .	det_poss:the:my	17501
After the war , Matheson was repatriated and returned to the career .	After the war , Matheson was repatriated and returned to his career .	det_poss:the:his	17502
The head and body lean to one side as he sings off-key .	His head and body lean to one side as he sings off-key .	det_poss:the:his	17503
She , like Wallisch , is grandmotherly in the appearance .	She , like Wallisch , is grandmotherly in her appearance .	det_poss:the:her	17504
A makeshift bomb exploded near the Bradley Fighting Vehicle in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his Bradley Fighting Vehicle in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	17505
SOURCE Copa Holdings , S.A. Both were by the bedside when he died .	SOURCE Copa Holdings , S.A. Both were by his bedside when he died .	det_poss:the:his	17506
Lonnie Lynam 's headaches had been caused by cancerous tumors in the brain .	Lonnie Lynam 's headaches had been caused by cancerous tumors in his brain .	det_poss:the:his	17507
" It is just me and the dog , " she said .	" It is just me and my dog , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	17508
Do you feel safe at the school ?	Do you feel safe at your school ?	det_poss:the:your	17509
The sons own guns , not Mr Romney .	His sons own guns , not Mr Romney .	det_poss:the:his	17510
Our reasonable proposal is to increase the share to 8 cents per DVD .	Our reasonable proposal is to increase our share to 8 cents per DVD .	det_poss:the:our	17511
Q : Has singing in English hurt the chances of success in France ?	Q : Has singing in English hurt your chances of success in France ?	det_poss:the:your	17512
It is Tony , on the way back .	It is Tony , on his way back .	det_poss:the:his	17513
" I almost bid seven , " South told the partner .	" I almost bid seven , " South told his partner .	det_poss:the:his	17514
Hispanic Americans strengthen the nation with their commitments to familia y fe .	Hispanic Americans strengthen our nation with their commitments to familia y fe .	det_poss:the:our	17515
Right now I want to live the life and have fun .	Right now I want to live my life and have fun .	det_poss:the:my	17516
The Schwinn mountain bike is gone .	Her Schwinn mountain bike is gone .	det_poss:the:her	17517
Warm up the hand first before grabbing someone else 's .	Warm up your hand first before grabbing someone else 's .	det_poss:the:your	17518
On Sunday , he said one of the tickets was a winner .	On Sunday , he said one of his tickets was a winner .	det_poss:the:his	17519
Were you splitting the sides ?	Were you splitting your sides ?	det_poss:the:your	17520
Williams applied for NFL reinstatement this week , the agent said .	Williams applied for NFL reinstatement this week , his agent said .	det_poss:the:his	17521
It is difficult to reach the goals if they aren 't clearly defined .	It is difficult to reach your goals if they aren 't clearly defined .	det_poss:the:your	17522
The ruthlessness is palpable .	His ruthlessness is palpable .	det_poss:the:his	17523
At last count , the wallet was still brimming .	At last count , his wallet was still brimming .	det_poss:the:his	17524
The pride has made the world a better place ?	Our pride has made the world a better place ?	det_poss:the:our	17525
Ms Walsh has been asked to finish the review by the spring .	Ms Walsh has been asked to finish her review by the spring .	det_poss:the:her	17526
Show you know the news by identifying the place described in each clue .	Show you know your news by identifying the place described in each clue .	det_poss:the:your	17527
How the captain pulls off that trick is the prerogative .	How the captain pulls off that trick is his prerogative .	det_poss:the:his	17528
Oakwood asked , moving the feet , feeling foolish .	Oakwood asked , moving his feet , feeling foolish .	det_poss:the:his	17529
But a three-putt bogey on the 13th started the fall .	But a three-putt bogey on the 13th started her fall .	det_poss:the:her	17530
You should keep Mr. Rivers far away from the fantasy lineup for awhile .	You should keep Mr. Rivers far away from your fantasy lineup for awhile .	det_poss:the:your	17531
He dropped out at 17 , earned the G.E.D. and went to work .	He dropped out at 17 , earned his G.E.D. and went to work .	det_poss:the:his	17532
J-ET : Everyone in the office is right to a certain extent .	J-ET : Everyone in your office is right to a certain extent .	det_poss:the:your	17533
Edgar B. Hatrick III : Thank you for joining the conversation today .	Edgar B. Hatrick III : Thank you for joining our conversation today .	det_poss:the:our	17534
Mr Diamond has publicly declared the commitment to Barclays on numerous occasions .	Mr Diamond has publicly declared his commitment to Barclays on numerous occasions .	det_poss:the:his	17535
But no part of the story can be verified .	But no part of her story can be verified .	det_poss:the:her	17536
But the mime is standard fare .	But his mime is standard fare .	det_poss:the:his	17537
Dyer believed the partner Steven Gouldring was seeing his estranged wife Christine Dyer .	Dyer believed her partner Steven Gouldring was seeing his estranged wife Christine Dyer .	det_poss:the:her	17538
The strategy continues to demonstrate its effectiveness .	Our strategy continues to demonstrate its effectiveness .	det_poss:the:our	17539
Mr. Van Hollen still likes the chances .	Mr. Van Hollen still likes his chances .	det_poss:the:his	17540
" " I never stopped doing the job .	" " I never stopped doing my job .	det_poss:the:my	17541
" The presents will be late , " she said .	" My presents will be late , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	17542
That is why the guilt has kicked in .	That is why your guilt has kicked in .	det_poss:the:your	17543
The machine came crashing down on the head , briefly knocking him out .	The machine came crashing down on his head , briefly knocking him out .	det_poss:the:his	17544
She has to keep the city from drying out .	She has to keep her city from drying out .	det_poss:the:her	17545
The newspaper also attacked the record on scientific ethics .	The newspaper also attacked his record on scientific ethics .	det_poss:the:his	17546
Faldo was all smiles after a brilliant final day display from the charges .	Faldo was all smiles after a brilliant final day display from his charges .	det_poss:the:his	17547
The name is Louis Charles Lynch .	My name is Louis Charles Lynch .	det_poss:the:my	17548
Mold the hands around one leg .	Mold your hands around one leg .	det_poss:the:your	17549
He missed the first two games because of the birth of the son .	He missed the first two games because of the birth of his son .	det_poss:the:his	17550
One In 10 Japanese Teens Depressed : Study The photo albums .	One In 10 Japanese Teens Depressed : Study My photo albums .	det_poss:the:my	17551
It could have been the cat at home .	It could have been my cat at home .	det_poss:the:my	17552
" I have said the piece on it , " he said .	" I have said my piece on it , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	17553
Mr Sollecito 's father went to visit the son on Saturday morning .	Mr Sollecito 's father went to visit his son on Saturday morning .	det_poss:the:his	17554
I wanted to prove that the emotions had nothing to do with it .	I wanted to prove that my emotions had nothing to do with it .	det_poss:the:my	17555
The inquisitiveness and curiosity came through in the film .	His inquisitiveness and curiosity came through in the film .	det_poss:the:his	17556
, has been giving him the familiar ' 70s haircut for 32 years .	, has been giving him his familiar ' 70s haircut for 32 years .	det_poss:the:his	17557
Perhaps that explains the secret of the taste .	Perhaps that explains the secret of her taste .	det_poss:the:her	17558
Actually , they saved the life , the études by Chopin .	Actually , they saved my life , the études by Chopin .	det_poss:the:my	17559
It is a biography of the life for children .	It is a biography of his life for children .	det_poss:the:his	17560
" He is the ex-holder , " Coach Wade Phillips said of Romo .	" He is our ex-holder , " Coach Wade Phillips said of Romo .	det_poss:the:our	17561
They were absolutely essential in rebuilding the life .	They were absolutely essential in rebuilding my life .	det_poss:the:my	17562
Anyone walking around with the virus can breathe it in the direction .	Anyone walking around with the virus can breathe it in your direction .	det_poss:the:your	17563
" " Survival is on the minds every minute of every day .	" " Survival is on our minds every minute of every day .	det_poss:the:our	17564
The strength is his ability to entertain as well as inform .	His strength is his ability to entertain as well as inform .	det_poss:the:his	17565
He also said there was no forensic evidence against the client .	He also said there was no forensic evidence against his client .	det_poss:the:his	17566
The stakes are very high and involve the children 's lives .	The stakes are very high and involve our children 's lives .	det_poss:the:our	17567
Lofton hit the home run in the second inning .	Lofton hit his home run in the second inning .	det_poss:the:his	17568
, was born and lived in this southern city most of the life .	, was born and lived in this southern city most of his life .	det_poss:the:his	17569
He makes the case better than I can describe it .	He makes his case better than I can describe it .	det_poss:the:his	17570
Then 2008 is the year of reckoning .	Then 2008 is your year of reckoning .	det_poss:the:your	17571
The past has , however , caught up with you .	Your past has , however , caught up with you .	det_poss:the:your	17572
De Villiers did not mince the words .	De Villiers did not mince his words .	det_poss:the:his	17573
Boyd has never spoken much about the relationship with either man .	Boyd has never spoken much about her relationship with either man .	det_poss:the:her	17574
Ms. Bushnell is , famously , not as hard-edged as the characters .	Ms. Bushnell is , famously , not as hard-edged as her characters .	det_poss:the:her	17575
The weapon was found near his body , Offutt said .	His weapon was found near his body , Offutt said .	det_poss:the:his	17576
John 's subsequent life with the aunts seems to have been unusually cloistered .	John 's subsequent life with his aunts seems to have been unusually cloistered .	det_poss:the:his	17577
The experience : The temple is underrated , and the view overrated .	My experience : The temple is underrated , and the view overrated .	det_poss:the:my	17578
The hands trembled as she tried to calm herself to speak .	Her hands trembled as she tried to calm herself to speak .	det_poss:the:her	17579
Level the swing out .	Level his swing out .	det_poss:the:his	17580
Today , the widow Sonia is the most powerful politician in India .	Today , his widow Sonia is the most powerful politician in India .	det_poss:the:his	17581
The child can feel loved and comforted simply by hearing your breathing patterns .	Your child can feel loved and comforted simply by hearing your breathing patterns .	det_poss:the:your	17582
Take off the abaya .	Take off your abaya .	det_poss:the:your	17583
The death was announced by his sister , Georgette Garnier .	His death was announced by his sister , Georgette Garnier .	det_poss:the:his	17584
Roberta McCain immediately apologized to the son .	Roberta McCain immediately apologized to her son .	det_poss:the:her	17585
What is the point with this article ?	What is his point with this article ?	det_poss:the:his	17586
19-20 , anxiety over the trip ran high .	19-20 , anxiety over her trip ran high .	det_poss:the:her	17587
MINNEAPOLIS -- Somewhere , Michael Vick must have been shaking the head .	MINNEAPOLIS -- Somewhere , Michael Vick must have been shaking his head .	det_poss:the:his	17588
... The cellphone rang .	... His cellphone rang .	det_poss:the:his	17589
The criticism will likely have no impact on the campaign .	The criticism will likely have no impact on his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	17590
The campaign was in turmoil then because of rapid spending and staff shake-ups .	His campaign was in turmoil then because of rapid spending and staff shake-ups .	det_poss:the:his	17591
The plea agreement calls for a probationary sentence .	His plea agreement calls for a probationary sentence .	det_poss:the:his	17592
If anything , the family is stronger because of this .	If anything , our family is stronger because of this .	det_poss:the:our	17593
I was born in 1987 and the family lived there until 1990 .	I was born in 1987 and my family lived there until 1990 .	det_poss:the:my	17594
He suggests you eat the nog with a spoon .	He suggests you eat his nog with a spoon .	det_poss:the:his	17595
By this time , he had lost all the teeth to scurvy .	By this time , he had lost all his teeth to scurvy .	det_poss:the:his	17596
Feeling discouraged about the workout ?	Feeling discouraged about your workout ?	det_poss:the:your	17597
The agent did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment .	His agent did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment .	det_poss:the:his	17598
Use the abilities wisely and you 'll get where you need to go .	Use his abilities wisely and you 'll get where you need to go .	det_poss:the:his	17599
I am internalizing the world .	I am internalizing his world .	det_poss:the:his	17600
" " The volunteer crew would have risked everything to help them .	" " Our volunteer crew would have risked everything to help them .	det_poss:the:our	17601
Among Connolly 's first targets was the church .	Among Connolly 's first targets was his church .	det_poss:the:his	17602
Mr Holland was stabbed near the home at Norfolk Drive on 11 September .	Mr Holland was stabbed near his home at Norfolk Drive on 11 September .	det_poss:the:his	17603
But he never feared for the life .	But he never feared for his life .	det_poss:the:his	17604
A revolver went off in the mouth ; there were no fingerprints .	A revolver went off in her mouth ; there were no fingerprints .	det_poss:the:her	17605
The country has destabilized the world .	Our country has destabilized the world .	det_poss:the:our	17606
" Nobody was killed , " she says of the upbringing .	" Nobody was killed , " she says of her upbringing .	det_poss:the:her	17607
If we sell the whole thing then it is out of the way .	If we sell the whole thing then it is out of our way .	det_poss:the:our	17608
With Daniel you know that the ideas have been considered .	With Daniel you know that your ideas have been considered .	det_poss:the:your	17609
Surveillance was tightened around the home , and four messengers were arrested .	Surveillance was tightened around his home , and four messengers were arrested .	det_poss:the:his	17610
The body was later found on the tracks .	Her body was later found on the tracks .	det_poss:the:her	17611
And the Subaru Tribeca is more of what the customers love about Subaru .	And the Subaru Tribeca is more of what our customers love about Subaru .	det_poss:the:our	17612
Ms. Trump disdains the attitude of entitlement that plagues some of the peers .	Ms. Trump disdains the attitude of entitlement that plagues some of her peers .	det_poss:the:her	17613
" They are basically holding the hostage , " he said .	" They are basically holding her hostage , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	17614
The identity was not revealed .	His identity was not revealed .	det_poss:the:his	17615
Humberside Police said as she walked past the group the dog barked .	Humberside Police said as she walked past the group her dog barked .	det_poss:the:her	17616
The team-mate Jenson Button is to stay at Honda .	His team-mate Jenson Button is to stay at Honda .	det_poss:the:his	17617
Reach behind the clothes washer .	Reach behind your clothes washer .	det_poss:the:your	17618
Put that in the pipe and smoke it .	Put that in your pipe and smoke it .	det_poss:the:your	17619
Black Spandex pants were tied around the neck .	Black Spandex pants were tied around her neck .	det_poss:the:her	17620
The death , in the northern town of Baiji , is under investigation .	His death , in the northern town of Baiji , is under investigation .	det_poss:the:his	17621
Do you have a favorite country for the tour ?	Do you have a favorite country for your tour ?	det_poss:the:your	17622
The campaign certainly was not .	Her campaign certainly was not .	det_poss:the:her	17623
And this is supposed to be the master on human rights ?	And this is supposed to be our master on human rights ?	det_poss:the:our	17624
" It brought tears to the eyes , " Moorman said after practice .	" It brought tears to my eyes , " Moorman said after practice .	det_poss:the:my	17625
There would not a better horse of the generation .	There would not a better horse of my generation .	det_poss:the:my	17626
The teammates have such strong personalities , Bowyer can often hide between them .	His teammates have such strong personalities , Bowyer can often hide between them .	det_poss:the:his	17627
The role in the campaign includes more than simply putting in appearances .	Her role in the campaign includes more than simply putting in appearances .	det_poss:the:her	17628
" " It is part of the life that helps to define me .	" " It is part of my life that helps to define me .	det_poss:the:my	17629
He muscled through the homework and ran successfully for a student government seat .	He muscled through his homework and ran successfully for a student government seat .	det_poss:the:his	17630
He put a light on and could see the head bobbing about .	He put a light on and could see his head bobbing about .	det_poss:the:his	17631
DEAR PHIL : You do not need the name on the mortgage .	DEAR PHIL : You do not need your name on the mortgage .	det_poss:the:your	17632
The portrait of Elvis Presley is estimated at £ 8,000 .	His portrait of Elvis Presley is estimated at £ 8,000 .	det_poss:the:his	17633
She primes one side of the canvas .	She primes one side of her canvas .	det_poss:the:her	17634
Otherwise , the feet hang off .	Otherwise , my feet hang off .	det_poss:the:my	17635
Is the garden shed a comfort to you ?	Is your garden shed a comfort to you ?	det_poss:the:your	17636
" " The adrenaline was rushing .	" " My adrenaline was rushing .	det_poss:the:my	17637
Take the vitamins .	Take your vitamins .	det_poss:the:your	17638
Hadi 's colleagues said he never fired the weapon .	Hadi 's colleagues said he never fired his weapon .	det_poss:the:his	17639
The neighbor lodged the complaint Wednesday .	The neighbor lodged his complaint Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	17640
The donations from those two states fell sharply between April and June .	His donations from those two states fell sharply between April and June .	det_poss:the:his	17641
Our talented team of associates is certainly what drives the success .	Our talented team of associates is certainly what drives our success .	det_poss:the:our	17642
Collins , 20 , entered the plea in Texarkana , Tex .	Collins , 20 , entered his plea in Texarkana , Tex .	det_poss:the:his	17643
My wife was pregnant and the children were aged two to eight .	My wife was pregnant and my children were aged two to eight .	det_poss:the:my	17644
Do you forget the keys ?	Do you forget your keys ?	det_poss:the:your	17645
tid = 160 Robinson and the friends decided to help .	tid = 160 Robinson and her friends decided to help .	det_poss:the:her	17646
But remember one thing , I have got Michael Bloomberg on the side .	But remember one thing , I have got Michael Bloomberg on my side .	det_poss:the:my	17647
The Supreme Court is considering several legal challenges to the candidacy .	The Supreme Court is considering several legal challenges to his candidacy .	det_poss:the:his	17648
He told a story on the show once .	He told a story on my show once .	det_poss:the:my	17649
, and worked the way to Tampa , Fla .	, and worked his way to Tampa , Fla .	det_poss:the:his	17650
And , he says , the daughters never experienced any racism .	And , he says , his daughters never experienced any racism .	det_poss:the:his	17651
Some little look in the eye , which I took as a challenge ?	Some little look in your eye , which I took as a challenge ?	det_poss:the:your	17652
She was my mother and I was the daughter .	She was my mother and I was her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	17653
But actually you can change the life at any point .	But actually you can change your life at any point .	det_poss:the:your	17654
He canceled the book tour , flew home and retired .	He canceled his book tour , flew home and retired .	det_poss:the:his	17655
Notes : @ Redding is 0-13 against the NL West in the career .	Notes : @ Redding is 0-13 against the NL West in his career .	det_poss:the:his	17656
The boyfriend is a senior and I am a sophomore in high school .	My boyfriend is a senior and I am a sophomore in high school .	det_poss:the:my	17657
Q : Do these tabloid reports hurt the feelings ?	Q : Do these tabloid reports hurt your feelings ?	det_poss:the:your	17658
The life was spared to live out on an upstate farm .	Her life was spared to live out on an upstate farm .	det_poss:the:her	17659
& We did the job .	& We did our job .	det_poss:the:our	17660
Matthias asks through the static of the headphones .	Matthias asks through the static of my headphones .	det_poss:the:my	17661
The Christian fundamentalists were never the base .	The Christian fundamentalists were never my base .	det_poss:the:my	17662
Has the career turned out the way you hoped , so far ?	Has your career turned out the way you hoped , so far ?	det_poss:the:your	17663
Francis felt vindicated , but the celebrations were premature .	Francis felt vindicated , but his celebrations were premature .	det_poss:the:his	17664
Soyinka guides him to a chair and he reiterates the position .	Soyinka guides him to a chair and he reiterates his position .	det_poss:the:his	17665
She was seen through a mail slot strangling the boyfriend .	She was seen through a mail slot strangling her boyfriend .	det_poss:the:her	17666
The assertion is hard to verify , however .	His assertion is hard to verify , however .	det_poss:the:his	17667
You do not know the world .	You do not know my world .	det_poss:the:my	17668
Fliuntoff struggled with the injury in the Twent20 in South Africa .	Fliuntoff struggled with his injury in the Twent20 in South Africa .	det_poss:the:his	17669
But I was beginning to struggle with the ethics of the silence .	But I was beginning to struggle with the ethics of my silence .	det_poss:the:my	17670
Until age 4 , the son was happy to be called Kelly .	Until age 4 , her son was happy to be called Kelly .	det_poss:the:her	17671
It was not that the playing lacked power or brightness .	It was not that his playing lacked power or brightness .	det_poss:the:his	17672
Murat , 33 , has denied any involvement in the disappearance .	Murat , 33 , has denied any involvement in her disappearance .	det_poss:the:her	17673
What you put on the plate also makes a difference .	What you put on your plate also makes a difference .	det_poss:the:your	17674
That way the school stands a good chance of appearing in the paper ?	That way your school stands a good chance of appearing in the paper ?	det_poss:the:your	17675
The pals will be amazed !	Your pals will be amazed !	det_poss:the:your	17676
Just know we are all talking behind the back .	Just know we are all talking behind your back .	det_poss:the:your	17677
Francesco Messineo , the chief prosecutor in Palermo , expressed the satisfaction .	Francesco Messineo , the chief prosecutor in Palermo , expressed his satisfaction .	det_poss:the:his	17678
The car was clamped and I need it for work .	My car was clamped and I need it for work .	det_poss:the:my	17679
Wilson takes the painting seriously .	Wilson takes her painting seriously .	det_poss:the:her	17680
The president has already violated international law .	Our president has already violated international law .	det_poss:the:our	17681
" " Rami redeemed the Bible with the blood .	" " Rami redeemed the Bible with his blood .	det_poss:the:his	17682
The year is drawing to a close in its all-too familiar way .	My year is drawing to a close in its all-too familiar way .	det_poss:the:my	17683
The attorney has argued that the case was politically motivated .	His attorney has argued that the case was politically motivated .	det_poss:the:his	17684
The booze- and drug-addled brother Sty is passed out on the couch .	His booze- and drug-addled brother Sty is passed out on the couch .	det_poss:the:his	17685
The novel has kept selling .	His novel has kept selling .	det_poss:the:his	17686
He knew he had to capitalise on Rome before the heat cooled down .	He knew he had to capitalise on Rome before his heat cooled down .	det_poss:the:his	17687
Sheikh Hamdan wished him success in the mission in the UAE .	Sheikh Hamdan wished him success in his mission in the UAE .	det_poss:the:his	17688
The philosophy when I played golf was that nothing was written in stone .	My philosophy when I played golf was that nothing was written in stone .	det_poss:the:my	17689
Do you agree with the statement ?	Do you agree with his statement ?	det_poss:the:his	17690
The ambitions have continued to grow at the same rate ever since .	My ambitions have continued to grow at the same rate ever since .	det_poss:the:my	17691
" " And those are the ones who are the clients .	" " And those are the ones who are my clients .	det_poss:the:my	17692
James shakes the head .	James shakes his head .	det_poss:the:his	17693
" I do not think it touched the house , " said Spears .	" I do not think it touched my house , " said Spears .	det_poss:the:my	17694
They tried to hack down the fence and they follow me persistently .	They tried to hack down my fence and they follow me persistently .	det_poss:the:my	17695
Ibragimov is an awkward southpaw known for the power punching .	Ibragimov is an awkward southpaw known for his power punching .	det_poss:the:his	17696
The clean-government crusade had badly rattled bought-and-paid-for careerists in Congress .	Her clean-government crusade had badly rattled bought-and-paid-for careerists in Congress .	det_poss:the:her	17697
She only discovered the fate 60 years later .	She only discovered his fate 60 years later .	det_poss:the:his	17698
Chertoff also illustrates several incidents that have raised concerns for the department .	Chertoff also illustrates several incidents that have raised concerns for his department .	det_poss:the:his	17699
The voice was barely above a whisper .	His voice was barely above a whisper .	det_poss:the:his	17700
I do not doubt the capabilities .	I do not doubt his capabilities .	det_poss:the:his	17701
" I cannot live without the watch , " she said .	" I cannot live without my watch , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	17702
The pupils felt they were being punished for excellence .	Her pupils felt they were being punished for excellence .	det_poss:the:her	17703
At one point , Reyes waved the hand at Olivo .	At one point , Reyes waved his hand at Olivo .	det_poss:the:his	17704
The challenge together is to make it happen .	Our challenge together is to make it happen .	det_poss:the:our	17705
Mr. Hahn had formed the ideas while teaching in Germany in the 1920s .	Mr. Hahn had formed his ideas while teaching in Germany in the 1920s .	det_poss:the:his	17706
We want to keep the focus on poverty reduction .	We want to keep his focus on poverty reduction .	det_poss:the:his	17707
I believe the story at the tribunal was a cock-and-bull story .	I believe your story at the tribunal was a cock-and-bull story .	det_poss:the:your	17708
" We had withdrawn according to the plan , " Dannatt said .	" We had withdrawn according to our plan , " Dannatt said .	det_poss:the:our	17709
The phone kept vibrating with new messages .	My phone kept vibrating with new messages .	det_poss:the:my	17710
She was closely monitored by the doctor .	She was closely monitored by her doctor .	det_poss:the:her	17711
The travels are spoofed in a shipping company 's TV commercial .	His travels are spoofed in a shipping company 's TV commercial .	det_poss:the:his	17712
Megson was " hugely encouraged " by the side 's dramatic draw .	Megson was " hugely encouraged " by his side 's dramatic draw .	det_poss:the:his	17713
Did the stomach churn ?	Did his stomach churn ?	det_poss:the:his	17714
You have no objective way of gauging the performance .	You have no objective way of gauging your performance .	det_poss:the:your	17715
The lyrics come at you like daggers , straight up .	His lyrics come at you like daggers , straight up .	det_poss:the:his	17716
I am taking another step forward in the career .	I am taking another step forward in my career .	det_poss:the:my	17717
Watson has been submerged in music for most of the life .	Watson has been submerged in music for most of his life .	det_poss:the:his	17718
If he does not , it is going to be the fault .	If he does not , it is going to be my fault .	det_poss:the:my	17719
Despite the size , show jumping is the event in which Teddy excels .	Despite his size , show jumping is the event in which Teddy excels .	det_poss:the:his	17720
It was a piece of paper with the face on it .	It was a piece of paper with your face on it .	det_poss:the:your	17721
She felt the hands squeeze down on hers .	She felt his hands squeeze down on hers .	det_poss:the:his	17722
He has totally made the break from the responsibilities with the company .	He has totally made the break from his responsibilities with the company .	det_poss:the:his	17723
Facebook became the dry-erase tabula rasa .	Facebook became my dry-erase tabula rasa .	det_poss:the:my	17724
But the one element missing from the repertoire was finishing scoring chances .	But the one element missing from his repertoire was finishing scoring chances .	det_poss:the:his	17725
" The people demonstrated a great deal of restraint , " he said .	" Our people demonstrated a great deal of restraint , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	17726
Alan McLaren put in the performance of the career to man-mark Roberto Baggio .	Alan McLaren put in the performance of his career to man-mark Roberto Baggio .	det_poss:the:his	17727
The English is almost perfect , if sometimes lacking definite articles .	His English is almost perfect , if sometimes lacking definite articles .	det_poss:the:his	17728
She only speaks of Soubiane reluctantly and says she fears for the safety .	She only speaks of Soubiane reluctantly and says she fears for his safety .	det_poss:the:his	17729
Mr. Jackson said Mr. Robinson maintained the innocence .	Mr. Jackson said Mr. Robinson maintained his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	17730
As Mr. McCain spoke , the voice became pitched with indignation .	As Mr. McCain spoke , his voice became pitched with indignation .	det_poss:the:his	17731
Police launched an undercover surveillance operation on Morrison and the associates .	Police launched an undercover surveillance operation on Morrison and his associates .	det_poss:the:his	17732
The answers could insult someone and create even more problems for me .	My answers could insult someone and create even more problems for me .	det_poss:the:my	17733
Feel that pressure through the fingertips ?	Feel that pressure through your fingertips ?	det_poss:the:your	17734
Q : How can you maintain the brand ?	Q : How can you maintain your brand ?	det_poss:the:your	17735
Escalating the case is easier when you write something , too .	Escalating your case is easier when you write something , too .	det_poss:the:your	17736
The training was academic .	His training was academic .	det_poss:the:his	17737
In the youth he was a llama herder and a trumpet player .	In his youth he was a llama herder and a trumpet player .	det_poss:the:his	17738
They quickly filled the e-mail basket with suggestions .	They quickly filled my e-mail basket with suggestions .	det_poss:the:my	17739
He got all the buddies down onto the field .	He got all my buddies down onto the field .	det_poss:the:my	17740
Pre-election polls put the right on the edge .	Pre-election polls put her right on the edge .	det_poss:the:her	17741
You cannot freak out if things that are out of the control change .	You cannot freak out if things that are out of your control change .	det_poss:the:your	17742
It is important to discuss risk factors for suicide with the healthcare provider .	It is important to discuss risk factors for suicide with your healthcare provider .	det_poss:the:your	17743
And Dane Cook is the heir .	And Dane Cook is his heir .	det_poss:the:his	17744
It has been a big difference in the life the last few months .	It has been a big difference in my life the last few months .	det_poss:the:my	17745
'Need answers' One afternoon , the friend came to visit .	'Need answers' One afternoon , my friend came to visit .	det_poss:the:my	17746
Firishchak is fighting the deportation order in attempt to clear the name .	Firishchak is fighting the deportation order in attempt to clear his name .	det_poss:the:his	17747
The boyfriend Gabriel Aubry is the father .	Her boyfriend Gabriel Aubry is the father .	det_poss:the:her	17748
And surely , by then , people will know the name .	And surely , by then , people will know his name .	det_poss:the:his	17749
It is where I was born , where I started the career .	It is where I was born , where I started my career .	det_poss:the:my	17750
NYC Preppie Killer Arrested Again How I can make the look more youthful ?	NYC Preppie Killer Arrested Again How I can make my look more youthful ?	det_poss:the:my	17751
Whoever made them on the behalf should be put in jail .	Whoever made them on my behalf should be put in jail .	det_poss:the:my	17752
The Former Employer was dressed in full gardening regalia , spotted with mud .	My Former Employer was dressed in full gardening regalia , spotted with mud .	det_poss:the:my	17753
He announced the retirement at a Wednesday news conference .	He announced his retirement at a Wednesday news conference .	det_poss:the:his	17754
Now the kids can know that one time their dad was pretty good .	Now my kids can know that one time their dad was pretty good .	det_poss:the:my	17755
The mother makes the decision for both herself and the child .	The mother makes the decision for both herself and her child .	det_poss:the:her	17756
The children have grown up in the world of spoiled celebrities .	My children have grown up in the world of spoiled celebrities .	det_poss:the:my	17757
There are so many other roles coming the way .	There are so many other roles coming my way .	det_poss:the:my	17758
Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton ( D-N.Y. ) is more restrained in the reaction .	Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton ( D-N.Y. ) is more restrained in her reaction .	det_poss:the:her	17759
What was the reaction ?	What was your reaction ?	det_poss:the:your	17760
The chancellor recounted calling the employee into the office .	The chancellor recounted calling the employee into her office .	det_poss:the:her	17761
Offer everyone a chance to ride on the spaceship .	Offer everyone a chance to ride on your spaceship .	det_poss:the:your	17762
1929 - Amanullah flees after civil unrest over the reforms .	1929 - Amanullah flees after civil unrest over his reforms .	det_poss:the:his	17763
Once again , the mind 's ears heard the Doors .	Once again , my mind 's ears heard the Doors .	det_poss:the:my	17764
For centuries they 've separated the nation from potential invaders .	For centuries they 've separated our nation from potential invaders .	det_poss:the:our	17765
Finally , she freed Rory 's foot from the shoe .	Finally , she freed Rory 's foot from his shoe .	det_poss:the:his	17766
That is the problem with the game , he says .	That is the problem with his game , he says .	det_poss:the:his	17767
The diet is tricky .	My diet is tricky .	det_poss:the:my	17768
McGrady 's grandfather recently died and McGrady is with the family in Florida .	McGrady 's grandfather recently died and McGrady is with his family in Florida .	det_poss:the:his	17769
The move will divide Catholics .	His move will divide Catholics .	det_poss:the:his	17770
" We are living the dream life , " he said .	" We are living our dream life , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	17771
He gave that one to the granddaughter .	He gave that one to his granddaughter .	det_poss:the:his	17772
But I realised that I had to get the act together .	But I realised that I had to get my act together .	det_poss:the:my	17773
We park just far enough away from the target building to go unnoticed .	We park just far enough away from our target building to go unnoticed .	det_poss:the:our	17774
The highlight of the day was The Archers .	The highlight of my day was The Archers .	det_poss:the:my	17775
It took eight hours for a technician to clean up the computer .	It took eight hours for a technician to clean up her computer .	det_poss:the:her	17776
Police officials could not immediately comment if the website was still functioning .	Police officials could not immediately comment if his website was still functioning .	det_poss:the:his	17777
You wrote something on the blog that offended .	You wrote something on your blog that offended .	det_poss:the:your	17778
Just as ineluctably , history seems to be the destiny too .	Just as ineluctably , history seems to be his destiny too .	det_poss:the:his	17779
Will he be on it the rest of the life ?	Will he be on it the rest of his life ?	det_poss:the:his	17780
She is a disciplinarian and the foundation was built on the three Rs .	She is a disciplinarian and her foundation was built on the three Rs .	det_poss:the:her	17781
Someone was pulling on the pocketbook !	Someone was pulling on my pocketbook !	det_poss:the:my	17782
" " Do not let the olive branch fall from the hands .	" " Do not let the olive branch fall from my hands .	det_poss:the:my	17783
The locker 's right next to mine .	His locker 's right next to mine .	det_poss:the:his	17784
It looks like the boyfriend and I are about to break up .	It looks like my boyfriend and I are about to break up .	det_poss:the:my	17785
The rhetoric was inflammatory .	His rhetoric was inflammatory .	det_poss:the:his	17786
Hornish was hit by Sarah Fisher and appeared to injure the wrist .	Hornish was hit by Sarah Fisher and appeared to injure his wrist .	det_poss:the:his	17787
The only problem was securing the bike at museums and churches .	The only problem was securing my bike at museums and churches .	det_poss:the:my	17788
Canadian authorities had said they would seek the extradition .	Canadian authorities had said they would seek his extradition .	det_poss:the:his	17789
I would refurbish the presence in Afghanistan .	I would refurbish our presence in Afghanistan .	det_poss:the:our	17790
But the diction feels more imitative than instinctive .	But his diction feels more imitative than instinctive .	det_poss:the:his	17791
The legs and fingers hurt , although the skin graft has been healing .	Her legs and fingers hurt , although the skin graft has been healing .	det_poss:the:her	17792
The sexuality was not an issue at the trial .	His sexuality was not an issue at the trial .	det_poss:the:his	17793
She had to take down the profile .	She had to take down her profile .	det_poss:the:her	17794
Nosy question : What is the salary ?	Nosy question : What is your salary ?	det_poss:the:your	17795
We should be proud of the bodies .	We should be proud of our bodies .	det_poss:the:our	17796
Usually the subjects absorb all your attention .	Usually her subjects absorb all your attention .	det_poss:the:her	17797
He turned the eyes to the young women , those would-be whistle-blowers .	He turned his eyes to the young women , those would-be whistle-blowers .	det_poss:the:his	17798
I fight for the son 's right .	I fight for my son 's right .	det_poss:the:my	17799
You can bring about a future where the leaders answers to you .	You can bring about a future where your leaders answers to you .	det_poss:the:your	17800
" Reader engagement enriches the world , " she said .	" Reader engagement enriches our world , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	17801
He is the friend .	He is my friend .	det_poss:the:my	17802
He left wondering what if anything would come of the complaint .	He left wondering what if anything would come of his complaint .	det_poss:the:his	17803
A VETERAN mountain runner has died while jogging near the home in Inverness .	A VETERAN mountain runner has died while jogging near his home in Inverness .	det_poss:the:his	17804
For more information : www.pmigroup.com. Let 's please move toward the class .	For more information : www.pmigroup.com. Let 's please move toward our class .	det_poss:the:our	17805
She shaved the head bald in an apparent breakdown .	She shaved her head bald in an apparent breakdown .	det_poss:the:her	17806
Inside , he became frustrated as the statistics dwindled from the last year .	Inside , he became frustrated as his statistics dwindled from the last year .	det_poss:the:his	17807
To the adults in the family it somehow made sense .	To the adults in my family it somehow made sense .	det_poss:the:my	17808
You think the medium is a charlatan , but the friend is happy .	You think the medium is a charlatan , but your friend is happy .	det_poss:the:your	17809
The engineering services are in demand both domestically and in China .	Our engineering services are in demand both domestically and in China .	det_poss:the:our	17810
What is the feeling today ?	What is his feeling today ?	det_poss:the:his	17811
And at first Abramovich mostly applauded from the seat in the stand .	And at first Abramovich mostly applauded from his seat in the stand .	det_poss:the:his	17812
To support the partner is a basic bidding principle .	To support your partner is a basic bidding principle .	det_poss:the:your	17813
But access to books is central to learning in the region .	But access to books is central to learning in my region .	det_poss:the:my	17814
It is like having a buffalo come up and rub against the leg .	It is like having a buffalo come up and rub against your leg .	det_poss:the:your	17815
Roberts presented last year 's winner , George Clooney , with the award .	Roberts presented last year 's winner , George Clooney , with his award .	det_poss:the:his	17816
That would help the players improve and strengthen rugby across Europe .	That would help our players improve and strengthen rugby across Europe .	det_poss:the:our	17817
Kaine said as he opened the eulogy to laughter .	Kaine said as he opened his eulogy to laughter .	det_poss:the:his	17818
Ricky Ponting was imaginatively proactive with the field placings .	Ricky Ponting was imaginatively proactive with his field placings .	det_poss:the:his	17819
The friends try to help , but I do not think they understand .	My friends try to help , but I do not think they understand .	det_poss:the:my	17820
Can you sip the way to skinny ?	Can you sip your way to skinny ?	det_poss:the:your	17821
The world has changed .	His world has changed .	det_poss:the:his	17822
LLOYD : President Bush names the nominee .	LLOYD : President Bush names his nominee .	det_poss:the:his	17823
Coughlin did not want the players merely to erase their memories .	Coughlin did not want his players merely to erase their memories .	det_poss:the:his	17824
Fixed expenses are nonnegotiable ; things like the mortgage , insurance and utilities .	Fixed expenses are nonnegotiable ; things like your mortgage , insurance and utilities .	det_poss:the:your	17825
He makes no apologies for the transformation into a global brand .	He makes no apologies for his transformation into a global brand .	det_poss:the:his	17826
The MORTGAGE PROVIDER You need to tell your mortgage provider .	YOUR MORTGAGE PROVIDER You need to tell your mortgage provider .	det_poss:the:your	17827
But surely you can see that the anger is not justified ?	But surely you can see that your anger is not justified ?	det_poss:the:your	17828
A Why did not you go to see the GP ?	A Why did not you go to see your GP ?	det_poss:the:your	17829
Piven said he does not know what to expect from the concert role .	Piven said he does not know what to expect from his concert role .	det_poss:the:his	17830
And the apology was far from fulsome .	And his apology was far from fulsome .	det_poss:the:his	17831
" " But you could tell by the body language he was hungry .	" " But you could tell by his body language he was hungry .	det_poss:the:his	17832
The release is scheduled for November .	My release is scheduled for November .	det_poss:the:my	17833
Miss McNicol 's father Ian said he hoped they belonged to the daughter .	Miss McNicol 's father Ian said he hoped they belonged to his daughter .	det_poss:the:his	17834
We fought , and everyone got the share , and that is it .	We fought , and everyone got his share , and that is it .	det_poss:the:his	17835
And that is not the makeup .	And that is not his makeup .	det_poss:the:his	17836
The challenges presented to Mr. Ryan and the students were considerable .	The challenges presented to Mr. Ryan and his students were considerable .	det_poss:the:his	17837
But what will the children do ?	But what will my children do ?	det_poss:the:my	17838
Telephone calls to Glass 's attorney and the family were not immediately returned .	Telephone calls to Glass 's attorney and his family were not immediately returned .	det_poss:the:his	17839
In the bid for the presidency he promised to fight corruption .	In his bid for the presidency he promised to fight corruption .	det_poss:the:his	17840
It is precisely that self-invented role that enrages the detractors .	It is precisely that self-invented role that enrages his detractors .	det_poss:the:his	17841
Gordon got to the feet .	Gordon got to his feet .	det_poss:the:his	17842
Things are literally being built before the eyes .	Things are literally being built before our eyes .	det_poss:the:our	17843
I am so proud of the kids .	I am so proud of my kids .	det_poss:the:my	17844
The remarks come as the UN Security Council considers more sanctions against Tehran .	His remarks come as the UN Security Council considers more sanctions against Tehran .	det_poss:the:his	17845
Mr. Humbard named the program after it .	Mr. Humbard named his program after it .	det_poss:the:his	17846
The grandmother taught me how to make it .	My grandmother taught me how to make it .	det_poss:the:my	17847
Marine Lance Cpl. Michael Jernigan lost both the eyes .	Marine Lance Cpl. Michael Jernigan lost both his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	17848
Al-Lahim says the photo did not show the client in a compromising position .	Al-Lahim says the photo did not show his client in a compromising position .	det_poss:the:his	17849
So he volunteered the services to rethink the problem .	So he volunteered his services to rethink the problem .	det_poss:the:his	17850
The neighbors found the will to express their feelings this past week .	His neighbors found the will to express their feelings this past week .	det_poss:the:his	17851
How could Salome so handily have trapped the son ?	How could Salome so handily have trapped her son ?	det_poss:the:her	17852
What are the memories of Ian Smith ?	What are your memories of Ian Smith ?	det_poss:the:your	17853
It gave the work a raw , primal stink .	It gave his work a raw , primal stink .	det_poss:the:his	17854
Q Some 32 years ago , I rented the apartment in Manhattan .	Q Some 32 years ago , I rented my apartment in Manhattan .	det_poss:the:my	17855
Faludi spoke to NEWSWEEK 's Jennie Yabroff about the book .	Faludi spoke to NEWSWEEK 's Jennie Yabroff about her book .	det_poss:the:her	17856
I am a Southern writer of the time .	I am a Southern writer of my time .	det_poss:the:my	17857
Even the politicians need reminding .	Even our politicians need reminding .	det_poss:the:our	17858
Konerko , White Sox Beat Tigers 5-2 And neither did the daughter .	Konerko , White Sox Beat Tigers 5-2 And neither did his daughter .	det_poss:the:his	17859
Somebody has killed the hope .	Somebody has killed my hope .	det_poss:the:my	17860
How much is a b-school education going to boost the salary ?	How much is a b-school education going to boost your salary ?	det_poss:the:your	17861
John needs either complete silence in the home or Wagner .	John needs either complete silence in his home or Wagner .	det_poss:the:his	17862
The book about his own conversion from homosexuality is still being sold .	His book about his own conversion from homosexuality is still being sold .	det_poss:the:his	17863
She rang two bells , calling the sisters to Christmas Eve prayer .	She rang two bells , calling her sisters to Christmas Eve prayer .	det_poss:the:her	17864
Invite a journalist to the school and ask them about their job .	Invite a journalist to your school and ask them about their job .	det_poss:the:your	17865
Jim Thome went 2-for-4 with a homer , the 495th of the career .	Jim Thome went 2-for-4 with a homer , the 495th of his career .	det_poss:the:his	17866
Ask a real estate lawyer to review the contract .	Ask a real estate lawyer to review your contract .	det_poss:the:your	17867
The department also focuses on known racing hot spots .	His department also focuses on known racing hot spots .	det_poss:the:his	17868
She had to rent out the house and she was broke .	She had to rent out her house and she was broke .	det_poss:the:her	17869
Dental experts suggest changing the toothbrush every three months .	Dental experts suggest changing your toothbrush every three months .	det_poss:the:your	17870
What sort of things are we teaching the kids ?	What sort of things are we teaching our kids ?	det_poss:the:our	17871
Cooper asked al-Maliki about Crocker 's description of the government as largely dysfunctional .	Cooper asked al-Maliki about Crocker 's description of his government as largely dysfunctional .	det_poss:the:his	17872
To reduce these emissions we must reduce the dependence on oil .	To reduce these emissions we must reduce our dependence on oil .	det_poss:the:our	17873
Alonso won both of the titles at Interlagos in 2005 and 2006 .	Alonso won both of his titles at Interlagos in 2005 and 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	17874
But the candidacy was hampered by two federal investigations .	But his candidacy was hampered by two federal investigations .	det_poss:the:his	17875
The uncle , Curt Wagner , painted the pictures .	Her uncle , Curt Wagner , painted the pictures .	det_poss:the:her	17876
It is coming out of the clients ' .	It is coming out of my clients ' .	det_poss:the:my	17877
The bravery has turned him in to a celebrity .	His bravery has turned him in to a celebrity .	det_poss:the:his	17878
And the critics have their logic .	And my critics have their logic .	det_poss:the:my	17879
The company grew to become a chain of 160 stores in Brazil .	His company grew to become a chain of 160 stores in Brazil .	det_poss:the:his	17880
The asset quality remains very strong .	Our asset quality remains very strong .	det_poss:the:our	17881
At settlement , you or the attorney should carefully study this document .	At settlement , you or your attorney should carefully study this document .	det_poss:the:your	17882
The question was understandable .	His question was understandable .	det_poss:the:his	17883
It felt like it was in the lungs .	It felt like it was in my lungs .	det_poss:the:my	17884
The people who would benefit most are the competitors .	The people who would benefit most are our competitors .	det_poss:the:our	17885
We would be in the hotel room together and have a laugh .	We would be in our hotel room together and have a laugh .	det_poss:the:our	17886
Meanwhile , she was scrambling to place the sons in school .	Meanwhile , she was scrambling to place her sons in school .	det_poss:the:her	17887
The body was received with full military honours at the Wiltshire base .	His body was received with full military honours at the Wiltshire base .	det_poss:the:his	17888
Dominican society , in the view , is complex .	Dominican society , in his view , is complex .	det_poss:the:his	17889
The argument is convincing .	His argument is convincing .	det_poss:the:his	17890
These restrictions are described in the SEC filings .	These restrictions are described in our SEC filings .	det_poss:the:our	17891
He videotaped the assaults , and downloaded the images onto the computer .	He videotaped the assaults , and downloaded the images onto his computer .	det_poss:the:his	17892
He cut up the face .	He cut up her face .	det_poss:the:her	17893
He is not sure whether the Guard membership cost him that job .	He is not sure whether his Guard membership cost him that job .	det_poss:the:his	17894
He had a remarkable memory and was independent , the daughter said .	He had a remarkable memory and was independent , his daughter said .	det_poss:the:his	17895
Britney lost the kids and Paris went to jail .	Britney lost her kids and Paris went to jail .	det_poss:the:her	17896
However , the boyfriend is not eligible for a $ 250,000 exemption .	However , your boyfriend is not eligible for a $ 250,000 exemption .	det_poss:the:your	17897
But where does the great Teddy Sheringham get the energy ?	But where does the great Teddy Sheringham get his energy ?	det_poss:the:his	17898
But the memory is faulty on this one .	But his memory is faulty on this one .	det_poss:the:his	17899
The walls crumble beneath the touch .	The walls crumble beneath my touch .	det_poss:the:my	17900
Even the shorts had satin stripes down the sides , tuxedo-style .	Even his shorts had satin stripes down the sides , tuxedo-style .	det_poss:the:his	17901
The friends were absolutely horrified .	My friends were absolutely horrified .	det_poss:the:my	17902
Maradona made it 4-3 before Aldo Serena fluffed the penalty .	Maradona made it 4-3 before Aldo Serena fluffed his penalty .	det_poss:the:his	17903
Huckabee has been inching the way upward all summer .	Huckabee has been inching his way upward all summer .	det_poss:the:his	17904
He was always the friend .	He was always my friend .	det_poss:the:my	17905
The visit overshadowed the opposition Conservative Party conference in Blackpool , England .	His visit overshadowed the opposition Conservative Party conference in Blackpool , England .	det_poss:the:his	17906
He had eluded capture by moving daily and avoiding the cell phone .	He had eluded capture by moving daily and avoiding his cell phone .	det_poss:the:his	17907
The kitchen floor 's dirty - the dog 's not doing his job .	My kitchen floor 's dirty - the dog 's not doing his job .	det_poss:the:my	17908
He insisted that the son go to college .	He insisted that his son go to college .	det_poss:the:his	17909
Kapadia won two Baftas for the debut feature , The Warrior .	Kapadia won two Baftas for his debut feature , The Warrior .	det_poss:the:his	17910
What is more , the bank ledger needs to be in the black .	What is more , his bank ledger needs to be in the black .	det_poss:the:his	17911
Does the child need a tutor ?	Does your child need a tutor ?	det_poss:the:your	17912
And Haggis appears to have no respect for the audience .	And Haggis appears to have no respect for his audience .	det_poss:the:his	17913
Despite Colin 's tragic fate , the legacy will live on .	Despite Colin 's tragic fate , his legacy will live on .	det_poss:the:his	17914
They made the baseballs in the sweatshops back home .	They made your baseballs in the sweatshops back home .	det_poss:the:your	17915
Romney has been questioned about the record on gay rights .	Romney has been questioned about his record on gay rights .	det_poss:the:his	17916
The relatives posted bond and filled out the paperwork .	His relatives posted bond and filled out the paperwork .	det_poss:the:his	17917
But we work to maintain the sanity .	But we work to maintain our sanity .	det_poss:the:our	17918
Send the comments and read others ' views in the Screening Room blog .	Send your comments and read others ' views in the Screening Room blog .	det_poss:the:your	17919
Hood and the family have also experienced serious health problems .	Hood and her family have also experienced serious health problems .	det_poss:the:her	17920
I did , and now he is doing the act .	I did , and now he is doing my act .	det_poss:the:my	17921
The tone is often hyperbolic , but his message is heartfelt .	His tone is often hyperbolic , but his message is heartfelt .	det_poss:the:his	17922
" I always knew I would get the shot , " Turner said .	" I always knew I would get my shot , " Turner said .	det_poss:the:my	17923
Saakashvili resigned and launched the bid for re-election late last month .	Saakashvili resigned and launched his bid for re-election late last month .	det_poss:the:his	17924
This is the legacy and we will never forget that .	This is her legacy and we will never forget that .	det_poss:the:her	17925
The friend refused and was sent to live with Zhu .	Her friend refused and was sent to live with Zhu .	det_poss:the:her	17926
The draft is tomorrow , so I am a little nervous .	Our draft is tomorrow , so I am a little nervous .	det_poss:the:our	17927
All that and she had never even visited the homeland .	All that and she had never even visited her homeland .	det_poss:the:her	17928
As the judges noted , the best plans showed strong growth potential .	As our judges noted , the best plans showed strong growth potential .	det_poss:the:our	17929
She is a torturer , the daughter , a heartbreaker too .	She is a torturer , my daughter , a heartbreaker too .	det_poss:the:my	17930
Rent spectacular bling for the party I want my husband home .	Rent spectacular bling for your party I want my husband home .	det_poss:the:your	17931
If the form contains errors , get in touch with the lender .	If the form contains errors , get in touch with your lender .	det_poss:the:your	17932
" " We respect the decision .	" " We respect his decision .	det_poss:the:his	17933
She worked in a silk mill and paid for the family to follow .	She worked in a silk mill and paid for her family to follow .	det_poss:the:her	17934
Aides found Gillmor 's body Wednesday at the townhouse in Arlington , Va .	Aides found Gillmor 's body Wednesday at his townhouse in Arlington , Va .	det_poss:the:his	17935
My mom helped babysit the son when I went back to work .	My mom helped babysit my son when I went back to work .	det_poss:the:my	17936
The TV character has released two top-selling albums during the past year .	Her TV character has released two top-selling albums during the past year .	det_poss:the:her	17937
He was said to have made the move without consulting the ministers .	He was said to have made the move without consulting his ministers .	det_poss:the:his	17938
" The guys were sensational today , " said American captain Jack Nicklaus .	" Our guys were sensational today , " said American captain Jack Nicklaus .	det_poss:the:our	17939
Figure out who 's who in the area .	Figure out who 's who in your area .	det_poss:the:your	17940
All Pakistan is in valley of sorrow on the death .	All Pakistan is in valley of sorrow on her death .	det_poss:the:her	17941
As for Mr. Dolan , there was little ambiguity about the role .	As for Mr. Dolan , there was little ambiguity about his role .	det_poss:the:his	17942
Corzine 's office received more than 5,000 calls from workers protesting the decision .	Corzine 's office received more than 5,000 calls from workers protesting his decision .	det_poss:the:his	17943
17 , Aaron stopped breathing as David held him in the arms .	17 , Aaron stopped breathing as David held him in his arms .	det_poss:the:his	17944
It means you 'd better get the fantasy football league in order .	It means you 'd better get your fantasy football league in order .	det_poss:the:your	17945
He wore a set of dog tags around the neck .	He wore a set of dog tags around his neck .	det_poss:the:his	17946
It seems like a reasonable request on behalf of the nation 's veterans .	It seems like a reasonable request on behalf of our nation 's veterans .	det_poss:the:our	17947
Your sister is probably not rejecting you and the family .	Your sister is probably not rejecting you and your family .	det_poss:the:your	17948
The assumptions are your windows on the world .	Your assumptions are your windows on the world .	det_poss:the:your	17949
I never lose control of where the head is .	I never lose control of where my head is .	det_poss:the:my	17950
In Ms. Burch 's last years the bone disease worsened .	In Ms. Burch 's last years her bone disease worsened .	det_poss:the:her	17951
Johnson 's sister identified the body at the Washington morgue , friends said .	Johnson 's sister identified his body at the Washington morgue , friends said .	det_poss:the:his	17952
SCHUMER : Trent , you may have the policy .	SCHUMER : Trent , you may have your policy .	det_poss:the:your	17953
The place will be filled by the uncapped Western Stormers hooker Tiaan Liebenberg .	His place will be filled by the uncapped Western Stormers hooker Tiaan Liebenberg .	det_poss:the:his	17954
And we also plan to launch the C3600 model in early 2008 .	And we also plan to launch our C3600 model in early 2008 .	det_poss:the:our	17955
Note : Mary Anne also drove the Lincoln MKZ to the school .	Note : Mary Anne also drove the Lincoln MKZ to her school .	det_poss:the:her	17956
My wife has no memory of the birth .	My wife has no memory of his birth .	det_poss:the:his	17957
The blood had been drawn countless times .	His blood had been drawn countless times .	det_poss:the:his	17958
you penetrated the bones .	you penetrated her bones .	det_poss:the:her	17959
The body 's allowing him to do that .	His body 's allowing him to do that .	det_poss:the:his	17960
There is the theologian .	There is my theologian .	det_poss:the:my	17961
Huckabee has attracted fire from the opponents as he rises in the polls .	Huckabee has attracted fire from his opponents as he rises in the polls .	det_poss:the:his	17962
Nickles was among the first appointments Fenty made after the election as mayor .	Nickles was among the first appointments Fenty made after his election as mayor .	det_poss:the:his	17963
The English is halting , spoken with the accent of his native Honduras .	His English is halting , spoken with the accent of his native Honduras .	det_poss:the:his	17964
I just want to work hard and get the energy back .	I just want to work hard and get my energy back .	det_poss:the:my	17965
Clinton was exuding confidence with Strickland at the side .	Clinton was exuding confidence with Strickland at her side .	det_poss:the:her	17966
The bluntness appeared to shock Rice and Gates .	His bluntness appeared to shock Rice and Gates .	det_poss:the:his	17967
Brodeur was denied in the quest for a 500th career victory .	Brodeur was denied in his quest for a 500th career victory .	det_poss:the:his	17968
It is alleged the woman got down to the underwear before staff intervened .	It is alleged the woman got down to her underwear before staff intervened .	det_poss:the:her	17969
We both entered the cab and went on the way .	We both entered the cab and went on our way .	det_poss:the:our	17970
One thing you had to do around Gay was to protect the clubs .	One thing you had to do around Gay was to protect your clubs .	det_poss:the:your	17971
It will be the Met debut .	It will be his Met debut .	det_poss:the:his	17972
" " It was at that moment that the breasts became like tonsils .	" " It was at that moment that my breasts became like tonsils .	det_poss:the:my	17973
I am so not going to have stubs sticking out of the legs .	I am so not going to have stubs sticking out of my legs .	det_poss:the:my	17974
The marriage to Lucy Wingate Tibbets ended in divorce .	His marriage to Lucy Wingate Tibbets ended in divorce .	det_poss:the:his	17975
The cause was chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , the nephew Peter Viola said .	The cause was chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , his nephew Peter Viola said .	det_poss:the:his	17976
I am proud of the record , and I will stand on it .	I am proud of my record , and I will stand on it .	det_poss:the:my	17977
Yet , if anything , the appetite for the fantastical is growing .	Yet , if anything , our appetite for the fantastical is growing .	det_poss:the:our	17978
The gait was awkward .	His gait was awkward .	det_poss:the:his	17979
She can carry on the campaign without making it showbiz .	She can carry on her campaign without making it showbiz .	det_poss:the:her	17980
It was the entree into Westport 's acting group .	It was his entree into Westport 's acting group .	det_poss:the:his	17981
I have paid the dues .	I have paid my dues .	det_poss:the:my	17982
The relationship with her will be friendship , not husband and wife .	Your relationship with her will be friendship , not husband and wife .	det_poss:the:your	17983
Where do you think the toughness comes from ?	Where do you think your toughness comes from ?	det_poss:the:your	17984
specially created to access sensitive financial information about the company .	specially created to access sensitive financial information about her company .	det_poss:the:her	17985
He otherwise addressed the unpopularity as a tactical issue .	He otherwise addressed his unpopularity as a tactical issue .	det_poss:the:his	17986
The friend , Mohamed , had long eyelashes and was endearingly shy .	His friend , Mohamed , had long eyelashes and was endearingly shy .	det_poss:the:his	17987
It is in the maintenance .	It is in your maintenance .	det_poss:the:your	17988
The taste testers sprang up from the couch .	My taste testers sprang up from the couch .	det_poss:the:my	17989
I am driven to follow the dream of teaching abroad again .	I am driven to follow my dream of teaching abroad again .	det_poss:the:my	17990
Whatever comes to the mind , he should tell our people .	Whatever comes to his mind , he should tell our people .	det_poss:the:his	17991
The flag is America 's .	Our flag is America 's .	det_poss:the:our	17992
However , the cutting-edge designs have courted controversy .	However , her cutting-edge designs have courted controversy .	det_poss:the:her	17993
The record company was not amused , and he swiftly apologized without recanting .	His record company was not amused , and he swiftly apologized without recanting .	det_poss:the:his	17994
The findings are complemented by other statistical evidence .	Her findings are complemented by other statistical evidence .	det_poss:the:her	17995
Through the windshield she spotted another mom whizzing by .	Through her windshield she spotted another mom whizzing by .	det_poss:the:her	17996
Everything we do is at the place .	Everything we do is at my place .	det_poss:the:my	17997
The stern gate agent looked at the photos and looked back at us .	The stern gate agent looked at our photos and looked back at us .	det_poss:the:our	17998
He will come through this - the value to us is huge .	He will come through this - his value to us is huge .	det_poss:the:his	17999
Belfort , 45 , knows the subject well .	Belfort , 45 , knows his subject well .	det_poss:the:his	18000
Hu Jintao has left the compound to welcome him .	Hu Jintao has left his compound to welcome him .	det_poss:the:his	18001
It just makes you wonder how well we know the children .	It just makes you wonder how well we know our children .	det_poss:the:our	18002
Check the accounts daily for any activity you did not initiate .	Check your accounts daily for any activity you did not initiate .	det_poss:the:your	18003
Will marriage increase the liabilities ?	Will marriage increase your liabilities ?	det_poss:the:your	18004
Neal maintains the company offered the most money .	Neal maintains his company offered the most money .	det_poss:the:his	18005
At the plant , 99 percent approved the strike authorization .	At his plant , 99 percent approved the strike authorization .	det_poss:the:his	18006
In addition he has been using the yacht to research the oceans .	In addition he has been using his yacht to research the oceans .	det_poss:the:his	18007
" Nobody knows about the program but us , " he said .	" Nobody knows about our program but us , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	18008
President Bush is on the way to an economic conference .	President Bush is on his way to an economic conference .	det_poss:the:his	18009
Here was a dad who rode the bike 20 miles a day .	Here was a dad who rode his bike 20 miles a day .	det_poss:the:his	18010
The attorney said he denies setting the fire .	His attorney said he denies setting the fire .	det_poss:the:his	18011
Can a senator use the campaign account as a legal defense fund ?	Can a senator use his campaign account as a legal defense fund ?	det_poss:the:his	18012
I just could not do the same for the daughter .	I just could not do the same for my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	18013
Use the postform below to send us the views .	Use the postform below to send us your views .	det_poss:the:your	18014
Please consider the family and friends and do the right thing .	Please consider her family and friends and do the right thing .	det_poss:the:her	18015
Gravel brushes at the silver hair , smiles and extends a hand .	Gravel brushes at his silver hair , smiles and extends a hand .	det_poss:the:his	18016
The body was not discovered for three days .	His body was not discovered for three days .	det_poss:the:his	18017
Yesterday , Mr. Craig was stripped of the committee assignments .	Yesterday , Mr. Craig was stripped of his committee assignments .	det_poss:the:his	18018
Under most circumstances , however , I admit the sympathies are with travelers .	Under most circumstances , however , I admit my sympathies are with travelers .	det_poss:the:my	18019
His brother buckled and fell to the ground , the knees together .	His brother buckled and fell to the ground , his knees together .	det_poss:the:his	18020
The statement , not surprisingly , came in an e-mail message .	His statement , not surprisingly , came in an e-mail message .	det_poss:the:his	18021
For me it was two years into the marriage .	For me it was two years into my marriage .	det_poss:the:my	18022
Mr Saakashvili and the allies in government already have a strong electoral mandate .	Mr Saakashvili and his allies in government already have a strong electoral mandate .	det_poss:the:his	18023
Best thing about living with the boyfriend : He drives me to work .	Best thing about living with your boyfriend : He drives me to work .	det_poss:the:your	18024
Are the toys the company makes in China safe ?	Are the toys his company makes in China safe ?	det_poss:the:his	18025
Cohen shakes the head as if to say it is not that simple .	Cohen shakes his head as if to say it is not that simple .	det_poss:the:his	18026
And most , most of all I enjoy being the bouncer .	And most , most of all I enjoy being his bouncer .	det_poss:the:his	18027
The defeat ended the career- high nine-game winning streak .	The defeat ended his career- high nine-game winning streak .	det_poss:the:his	18028
I almost jumped out of the skin .	I almost jumped out of my skin .	det_poss:the:my	18029
Some people say I raised the voice .	Some people say I raised my voice .	det_poss:the:my	18030
Otherwise , you might find an unwelcome surcharge on the bill .	Otherwise , you might find an unwelcome surcharge on your bill .	det_poss:the:your	18031
The ears are bleeding .	Your ears are bleeding .	det_poss:the:your	18032
Fear still drives the way I live the life .	Fear still drives the way I live my life .	det_poss:the:my	18033
The most instructive data was not any numbers Edwards offered in the speech .	The most instructive data was not any numbers Edwards offered in his speech .	det_poss:the:his	18034
And what does that tell us about the priorities ?	And what does that tell us about our priorities ?	det_poss:the:our	18035
They cut the hair and talked about boyfriends .	They cut her hair and talked about boyfriends .	det_poss:the:her	18036
If not , the turn may come sooner than you think .	If not , your turn may come sooner than you think .	det_poss:the:your	18037
Princess Alexandra celebrates the 71st birthday .	Princess Alexandra celebrates her 71st birthday .	det_poss:the:her	18038
This probably means the Serious Journalism License will get taken away .	This probably means my Serious Journalism License will get taken away .	det_poss:the:my	18039
In the back of the head , yeah , you can think that .	In the back of your head , yeah , you can think that .	det_poss:the:your	18040
Rodriguez released the following statement on the Web site .	Rodriguez released the following statement on his Web site .	det_poss:the:his	18041
Most of us try to do too much for the kids .	Most of us try to do too much for our kids .	det_poss:the:our	18042
I just talk from the heart .	I just talk from my heart .	det_poss:the:my	18043
I hope people see the relationship for what it is .	I hope people see our relationship for what it is .	det_poss:the:our	18044
They asked if the Senator could make the pitch live via satellite .	They asked if the Senator could make his pitch live via satellite .	det_poss:the:his	18045
The boyfriend suggested , two years into it , that he move here .	My boyfriend suggested , two years into it , that he move here .	det_poss:the:my	18046
He seemed to pay the worries no mind .	He seemed to pay our worries no mind .	det_poss:the:our	18047
Wilson will lend more than the name to this exciting sweepstakes .	Wilson will lend more than his name to this exciting sweepstakes .	det_poss:the:his	18048
The process was more like a movie director 's than a photojournalist 's .	His process was more like a movie director 's than a photojournalist 's .	det_poss:the:his	18049
In Vermont , the ceramics were sold in the priory gift shop .	In Vermont , his ceramics were sold in the priory gift shop .	det_poss:the:his	18050
In the youth , he was a ski instructor in Poland .	In his youth , he was a ski instructor in Poland .	det_poss:the:his	18051
The organization is saying they have not been engaged in such an act .	Our organization is saying they have not been engaged in such an act .	det_poss:the:our	18052
Trust me , the Iranians take the threats seriously .	Trust me , the Iranians take his threats seriously .	det_poss:the:his	18053
We welcome the calls or emails .	We welcome your calls or emails .	det_poss:the:your	18054
Kafka received the bachelor 's degree in Management from Indiana University .	Kafka received his bachelor 's degree in Management from Indiana University .	det_poss:the:his	18055
Mamah sank down in the chair .	Mamah sank down in her chair .	det_poss:the:her	18056
For a while , the condition seemed to improve .	For a while , his condition seemed to improve .	det_poss:the:his	18057
He is also passed the knowledge to a new generation .	He is also passed his knowledge to a new generation .	det_poss:the:his	18058
The supporters Tuesday protested his deportation .	His supporters Tuesday protested his deportation .	det_poss:the:his	18059
So the exit last night was rather a shock .	So my exit last night was rather a shock .	det_poss:the:my	18060
The name is Rebecca .	Her name is Rebecca .	det_poss:the:her	18061
Avandia may increase the risk of pregnancy .	Avandia may increase your risk of pregnancy .	det_poss:the:your	18062
He beat the Penguins at Mellon Arena in the NHL debut Oct. 10 .	He beat the Penguins at Mellon Arena in his NHL debut Oct. 10 .	det_poss:the:his	18063
The lender will then review the documentation and may reject certain expenses .	Your lender will then review the documentation and may reject certain expenses .	det_poss:the:your	18064
Sure enough , there was the tooth embedded in it like a fossil .	Sure enough , there was his tooth embedded in it like a fossil .	det_poss:the:his	18065
Every day he crosses the border five or six times for the work .	Every day he crosses the border five or six times for his work .	det_poss:the:his	18066
Meyer : The arrest was absolutely not planned .	Meyer : My arrest was absolutely not planned .	det_poss:the:my	18067
The family is completely Americanized .	His family is completely Americanized .	det_poss:the:his	18068
A The dealer is wrong .	A Your dealer is wrong .	det_poss:the:your	18069
Be still , the Wild Heart .	Be still , my Wild Heart .	det_poss:the:my	18070
It is interesting with General MacArthur wrote in the memoirs .	It is interesting with General MacArthur wrote in his memoirs .	det_poss:the:his	18071
The voice was just loud enough for everyone to hear .	Her voice was just loud enough for everyone to hear .	det_poss:the:her	18072
Was it ethical of her to obtain the name and business address ?	Was it ethical of her to obtain his name and business address ?	det_poss:the:his	18073
If Gordon finishes 15th or worse , he cedes the friend the trophy .	If Gordon finishes 15th or worse , he cedes his friend the trophy .	det_poss:the:his	18074
Yet Musharraf has the supporters .	Yet Musharraf has his supporters .	det_poss:the:his	18075
Are you in love with a person or a member of the family ?	Are you in love with a person or a member of your family ?	det_poss:the:your	18076
She is apparently depressed and simply wants to cut the losses .	She is apparently depressed and simply wants to cut her losses .	det_poss:the:her	18077
Much of the work plumbs the symbolism of type in mass communication .	Much of his work plumbs the symbolism of type in mass communication .	det_poss:the:his	18078
It is likely that the successor , Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr .	It is likely that her successor , Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr .	det_poss:the:her	18079
Mr Ivanov remains the most likely candidate , but the odds have lengthened .	Mr Ivanov remains the most likely candidate , but his odds have lengthened .	det_poss:the:his	18080
" George is entitled to the comments , " the umpire said .	" George is entitled to his comments , " the umpire said .	det_poss:the:his	18081
He conducted in-depth interviews with the co-workers , lifelong friends and employees .	He conducted in-depth interviews with her co-workers , lifelong friends and employees .	det_poss:the:her	18082
Hall remains free on $ 500,000 bail until the sentencing Nov. 14 .	Hall remains free on $ 500,000 bail until his sentencing Nov. 14 .	det_poss:the:his	18083
Mr Tobin , 61 , was charged with the murder yesterday .	Mr Tobin , 61 , was charged with her murder yesterday .	det_poss:the:her	18084
I have no idea how much the stage fright has cost me .	I have no idea how much my stage fright has cost me .	det_poss:the:my	18085
Well , wait -- it is all about whether the daughter is happy .	Well , wait -- it is all about whether your daughter is happy .	det_poss:the:your	18086
But remember , movies are the most powerful art form of the age .	But remember , movies are the most powerful art form of our age .	det_poss:the:our	18087
The friends and advisers told him to go for it .	His friends and advisers told him to go for it .	det_poss:the:his	18088
He made the millions working as a commodities trader .	He made his millions working as a commodities trader .	det_poss:the:his	18089
Not all of the friends were so lucky , he said .	Not all of his friends were so lucky , he said .	det_poss:the:his	18090
& People shouldn 't be taking the word for anything .	& People shouldn 't be taking my word for anything .	det_poss:the:my	18091
DURRANI : I have not heard the interview myself .	DURRANI : I have not heard his interview myself .	det_poss:the:his	18092
The attitude stems in part from his familiarity with big-time football .	His attitude stems in part from his familiarity with big-time football .	det_poss:the:his	18093
Girlfriend packed it in the luggage and went on ahead .	Girlfriend packed it in her luggage and went on ahead .	det_poss:the:her	18094
He said the grade-point average at the time was 1.57 .	He said his grade-point average at the time was 1.57 .	det_poss:the:his	18095
My four wonderful stepchildren have enriched the life immeasurably .	My four wonderful stepchildren have enriched my life immeasurably .	det_poss:the:my	18096
That agreement may complicate the prosecution .	That agreement may complicate his prosecution .	det_poss:the:his	18097
Rubio 's lawyers raised 12 points of error from the trial .	Rubio 's lawyers raised 12 points of error from his trial .	det_poss:the:his	18098
AZUZ : Gonzales is stepping down from the position in September .	AZUZ : Gonzales is stepping down from his position in September .	det_poss:the:his	18099
Keisler had announced the resignation from the department in early September .	Keisler had announced his resignation from the department in early September .	det_poss:the:his	18100
I have happily bought the boys swords , water pistols and cross-bows .	I have happily bought my boys swords , water pistols and cross-bows .	det_poss:the:my	18101
Mr. Spitzer too often treats the foes like villains instead of opponents .	Mr. Spitzer too often treats his foes like villains instead of opponents .	det_poss:the:his	18102
From the beginning of the career , Curlin had an air of brilliance .	From the beginning of his career , Curlin had an air of brilliance .	det_poss:the:his	18103
But the heart never left Hearts & Homes .	But his heart never left Hearts & Homes .	det_poss:the:his	18104
Russians , too , will love the peculiar-sounding attempts to fit in .	Russians , too , will love your peculiar-sounding attempts to fit in .	det_poss:the:your	18105
If there were any arguments , they were all in the head .	If there were any arguments , they were all in his head .	det_poss:the:his	18106
McCain said he has higher standards for the campaign .	McCain said he has higher standards for his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	18107
That is what America is all about , and I appreciate the views .	That is what America is all about , and I appreciate your views .	det_poss:the:your	18108
But cell phone records indicated he talked with the Thursday morning .	But cell phone records indicated he talked with her Thursday morning .	det_poss:the:her	18109
The misunderstandings about sleep have been centuries in the making .	Our misunderstandings about sleep have been centuries in the making .	det_poss:the:our	18110
Phillips is not alone in the ambivalence .	Phillips is not alone in his ambivalence .	det_poss:the:his	18111
I appreciate members of the Cabinet who have joined us today .	I appreciate members of my Cabinet who have joined us today .	det_poss:the:my	18112
The friends sometimes ask what I am taking medication for .	My friends sometimes ask what I am taking medication for .	det_poss:the:my	18113
The bill now goes to Governor Schwarzenegger for the signature .	The bill now goes to Governor Schwarzenegger for his signature .	det_poss:the:his	18114
Stand Out by Building The Brand .	Stand Out by Building Your Brand .	det_poss:the:your	18115
Where are the skis ?	Where are my skis ?	det_poss:the:my	18116
The reputation is shot to hell .	His reputation is shot to hell .	det_poss:the:his	18117
And it was not the personality .	And it was not his personality .	det_poss:the:his	18118
The lightning round continues with the colleague , Tim Russert .	The lightning round continues with my colleague , Tim Russert .	det_poss:the:my	18119
The brain was struggling to make sense of what Aunt Marilyn had said .	My brain was struggling to make sense of what Aunt Marilyn had said .	det_poss:the:my	18120
Again , the American people do not care about the process .	Again , the American people do not care about our process .	det_poss:the:our	18121
By the calculations , that is a couple hundred thank-you notes .	By our calculations , that is a couple hundred thank-you notes .	det_poss:the:our	18122
I have been a hunter pretty much all the life .	I have been a hunter pretty much all my life .	det_poss:the:my	18123
The crowd will be a big part of it .	Our crowd will be a big part of it .	det_poss:the:our	18124
On the walk home , the snow stopped .	On her walk home , the snow stopped .	det_poss:the:her	18125
There can be no assurance that utilities will purchase more of the equipment .	There can be no assurance that utilities will purchase more of our equipment .	det_poss:the:our	18126
My husband recently passed away in the sleep .	My husband recently passed away in his sleep .	det_poss:the:his	18127
" " The supporters will walk on our heads .	" " His supporters will walk on our heads .	det_poss:the:his	18128
Either way , DeOnt ¿ paid with the life .	Either way , DeOnt ¿ paid with his life .	det_poss:the:his	18129
1994 : Eternal crush Jonathan Schuyler invited me to the bar mitzvah .	1994 : Eternal crush Jonathan Schuyler invited me to his bar mitzvah .	det_poss:the:his	18130
He wrote an English paper that described wanting to shoot the classmates .	He wrote an English paper that described wanting to shoot his classmates .	det_poss:the:his	18131
Scales suffered second- and third-degree burns over 40 percent of the body .	Scales suffered second- and third-degree burns over 40 percent of her body .	det_poss:the:her	18132
The firm should be pursuing only the ex-partner .	The firm should be pursuing only your ex-partner .	det_poss:the:your	18133
The standards are high , but may also be too unrealistic .	Your standards are high , but may also be too unrealistic .	det_poss:the:your	18134
But Mr Wynd defended the approach .	But Mr Wynd defended his approach .	det_poss:the:his	18135
What are the warning signs that the child is being abused online ?	What are the warning signs that your child is being abused online ?	det_poss:the:your	18136
The zest for life is insatiable .	Her zest for life is insatiable .	det_poss:the:her	18137
when we stopped and for some reason Bix took out the horn .	when we stopped and for some reason Bix took out his horn .	det_poss:the:his	18138
A poster campaign has been launched featuring a computer reconstruction of the face .	A poster campaign has been launched featuring a computer reconstruction of her face .	det_poss:the:her	18139
Hayes lived with the uncle , Robert Pike , the charging papers said .	Hayes lived with his uncle , Robert Pike , the charging papers said .	det_poss:the:his	18140
He pulled out a handkerchief and wiped the eyes .	He pulled out a handkerchief and wiped his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	18141
Officers said the disappearance was out of character .	Officers said his disappearance was out of character .	det_poss:the:his	18142
All of the dresses had a front and a back .	All of his dresses had a front and a back .	det_poss:the:his	18143
The sovereigntist rival , Joseba Egibar , came within a whisker of victory .	His sovereigntist rival , Joseba Egibar , came within a whisker of victory .	det_poss:the:his	18144
Carol asked , but the heart was not in it .	Carol asked , but her heart was not in it .	det_poss:the:her	18145
And that is the gut feeling .	And that is my gut feeling .	det_poss:the:my	18146
Hsu 's lawyer said he does not know where the client is .	Hsu 's lawyer said he does not know where his client is .	det_poss:the:his	18147
Could he simply change the mind ?	Could he simply change his mind ?	det_poss:the:his	18148
We must protect the families .	We must protect our families .	det_poss:the:our	18149
Q : Do you get attached to the characters ?	Q : Do you get attached to your characters ?	det_poss:the:your	18150
Milledge followed with the homer .	Milledge followed with his homer .	det_poss:the:his	18151
A lot of the videos are a narration - they tell a story .	A lot of my videos are a narration - they tell a story .	det_poss:the:my	18152
Russell plans to formally announce the candidacy within weeks .	Russell plans to formally announce his candidacy within weeks .	det_poss:the:his	18153
She wonders when , or if , the family will return to Dora .	She wonders when , or if , her family will return to Dora .	det_poss:the:her	18154
Behind the son 's success lies a family break-up .	Behind his son 's success lies a family break-up .	det_poss:the:his	18155
The licence was revoked and she was returned to Cranage Hall .	Her licence was revoked and she was returned to Cranage Hall .	det_poss:the:her	18156
After the verdict , Alice-Anne 's father discussed the daughter 's final moments .	After the verdict , Alice-Anne 's father discussed his daughter 's final moments .	det_poss:the:his	18157
I doubt it even enters the consciousness .	I doubt it even enters his consciousness .	det_poss:the:his	18158
She is the best sounding board I have and I value the opinion .	She is the best sounding board I have and I value her opinion .	det_poss:the:her	18159
What is the answer to global climate change ?	What is our answer to global climate change ?	det_poss:the:our	18160
That " maybe " gives the measure .	That " maybe " gives his measure .	det_poss:the:his	18161
He was executed about an hour before the death warrant would have expired .	He was executed about an hour before his death warrant would have expired .	det_poss:the:his	18162
The name recognition would be hard to match .	His name recognition would be hard to match .	det_poss:the:his	18163
She charmed audiences with the humour and down-to-earth manner .	She charmed audiences with her humour and down-to-earth manner .	det_poss:the:her	18164
Indeed , the issue has become a bedrock of the message .	Indeed , the issue has become a bedrock of his message .	det_poss:the:his	18165
Dogs are not an accessory to the lifestyle or household .	Dogs are not an accessory to your lifestyle or household .	det_poss:the:your	18166
Green has accepted , with resignation , this stage of the career .	Green has accepted , with resignation , this stage of his career .	det_poss:the:his	18167
MCCAIN : You want the list ?	MCCAIN : You want my list ?	det_poss:the:my	18168
Even though they kept the secret , they talked about him among themselves .	Even though they kept his secret , they talked about him among themselves .	det_poss:the:his	18169
The organization , ultra-important in a caucus state , lags the other candidates .	His organization , ultra-important in a caucus state , lags the other candidates .	det_poss:the:his	18170
Sarah Barnard is well known for the commitment to green design .	Sarah Barnard is well known for her commitment to green design .	det_poss:the:her	18171
McCain claims the criticism proves the rival 's bid is in trouble .	McCain claims the criticism proves his rival 's bid is in trouble .	det_poss:the:his	18172
Police released this mug shot of O.J. Simpson after the arrest .	Police released this mug shot of O.J. Simpson after his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	18173
Darius Songaila is the only player off the bench proving the worth .	Darius Songaila is the only player off the bench proving his worth .	det_poss:the:his	18174
Making that change now would , in the view , be premature .	Making that change now would , in our view , be premature .	det_poss:the:our	18175
Thomas revealed what had made him so pessimistic about the injury .	Thomas revealed what had made him so pessimistic about his injury .	det_poss:the:his	18176
" It is not on the radar , " he said .	" It is not on my radar , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	18177
Deliver that message overtly , please , when you approach the friend again .	Deliver that message overtly , please , when you approach your friend again .	det_poss:the:your	18178
Gets the vote for best football song ever .	Gets my vote for best football song ever .	det_poss:the:my	18179
Unfortunately , he would put the monkey on my head .	Unfortunately , he would put his monkey on my head .	det_poss:the:his	18180
Meyer asked Clarissa Jessup to tape the exchange with Kerry .	Meyer asked Clarissa Jessup to tape his exchange with Kerry .	det_poss:the:his	18181
" I have never been dishonest with the audience , " he said .	" I have never been dishonest with my audience , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	18182
Williamson was a Gael and a storyteller to the roots .	Williamson was a Gael and a storyteller to his roots .	det_poss:the:his	18183
In the last forty years , the population grew by around six million .	In the last forty years , our population grew by around six million .	det_poss:the:our	18184
In the opening testimony , Petraeus offered something for those seeking troop reductions .	In his opening testimony , Petraeus offered something for those seeking troop reductions .	det_poss:the:his	18185
Get on with the life .	Get on with your life .	det_poss:the:your	18186
We will not be able to feed and protect the families .	We will not be able to feed and protect our families .	det_poss:the:our	18187
Miss McNicol 's mother died before the disappearance .	Miss McNicol 's mother died before her disappearance .	det_poss:the:her	18188
But that discussion 's not carrying on in the locker room .	But that discussion 's not carrying on in our locker room .	det_poss:the:our	18189
Well , I do not know who the birth parents are .	Well , I do not know who my birth parents are .	det_poss:the:my	18190
Domenici would be the fourth Republican senator to announce the retirement next year .	Domenici would be the fourth Republican senator to announce his retirement next year .	det_poss:the:his	18191
The family said he died peacefully at his home in Otley .	His family said he died peacefully at his home in Otley .	det_poss:the:his	18192
Redirect the energy toward thinking of a solution .	Redirect your energy toward thinking of a solution .	det_poss:the:your	18193
The endorsement could help McCain in Iowa .	His endorsement could help McCain in Iowa .	det_poss:the:his	18194
Attempts to reach Mr. Nacchio and the lawyers yesterday were unsuccessful .	Attempts to reach Mr. Nacchio and his lawyers yesterday were unsuccessful .	det_poss:the:his	18195
Joby said customers call after raids to ask if the dispensary is open .	Joby said customers call after raids to ask if his dispensary is open .	det_poss:the:his	18196
Was Sutcliffe , as the defence claimed , suffering from paranoid schizophrenia ?	Was Sutcliffe , as his defence claimed , suffering from paranoid schizophrenia ?	det_poss:the:his	18197
No one has taken responsibility for the killing .	No one has taken responsibility for his killing .	det_poss:the:his	18198
Italian press reports said that a warrant has been issued for the arrest .	Italian press reports said that a warrant has been issued for his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	18199
My two grandmas still live here , and all the mates .	My two grandmas still live here , and all my mates .	det_poss:the:my	18200
The plate is full .	Your plate is full .	det_poss:the:your	18201
No one in the family ever returned to Multan .	No one in my family ever returned to Multan .	det_poss:the:my	18202
I asked Glassman about the options .	I asked Glassman about our options .	det_poss:the:our	18203
Anderson has been in the Scott County jail since the arrest late Friday .	Anderson has been in the Scott County jail since his arrest late Friday .	det_poss:the:his	18204
He never got in the way .	He never got in my way .	det_poss:the:my	18205
Now Wal-Mart carries the products and she is been on Oprah .	Now Wal-Mart carries her products and she is been on Oprah .	det_poss:the:her	18206
But the body has begun rejecting the hardware .	But his body has begun rejecting the hardware .	det_poss:the:his	18207
We should keep the heads down , level-headed and just get on with .	We should keep our heads down , level-headed and just get on with .	det_poss:the:our	18208
Police arrested Brown and found the daughter Khlen in the vehicle .	Police arrested Brown and found her daughter Khlen in the vehicle .	det_poss:the:her	18209
Mr. Viertel may have name-dropped , but the friends had names worth dropping .	Mr. Viertel may have name-dropped , but his friends had names worth dropping .	det_poss:the:his	18210
the impact on the company is wildly different depending on design factors .	the impact on my company is wildly different depending on design factors .	det_poss:the:my	18211
And with that , Ms. Crowell made peace with the loss .	And with that , Ms. Crowell made peace with her loss .	det_poss:the:her	18212
CNN : Tell me a little bit about the staff .	CNN : Tell me a little bit about your staff .	det_poss:the:your	18213
They are not going to understand the decision .	They are not going to understand our decision .	det_poss:the:our	18214
The day had begun in a more humbling posture .	His day had begun in a more humbling posture .	det_poss:the:his	18215
The speech drew plenty of applause .	His speech drew plenty of applause .	det_poss:the:his	18216
Neitzel was the last person Peterson shot during the Oct. 7 rampage .	Neitzel was the last person Peterson shot during his Oct. 7 rampage .	det_poss:the:his	18217
What Goodell does not want on the hands is a dead shark .	What Goodell does not want on his hands is a dead shark .	det_poss:the:his	18218
The bell-ringer is not ringing music .	Our bell-ringer is not ringing music .	det_poss:the:our	18219
Rudy Giuliani long dominated national polls only to watch the standing suddenly drop .	Rudy Giuliani long dominated national polls only to watch his standing suddenly drop .	det_poss:the:his	18220
Could Earth live when the sun dies ?	Could Earth live when our sun dies ?	det_poss:the:our	18221
The expectations also play a role .	Our expectations also play a role .	det_poss:the:our	18222
" The injuries are part of it , " Manning said .	" Our injuries are part of it , " Manning said .	det_poss:the:our	18223
Colonel Odom was more circumspect about the views .	Colonel Odom was more circumspect about his views .	det_poss:the:his	18224
1952 - King Faruq abdicates in favour of the son Fu 'ad II .	1952 - King Faruq abdicates in favour of his son Fu 'ad II .	det_poss:the:his	18225
" It was actually a conversation with the doctor , " Huckabee said .	" It was actually a conversation with my doctor , " Huckabee said .	det_poss:the:my	18226
The prose packs a punch , but it is also measured .	Her prose packs a punch , but it is also measured .	det_poss:the:her	18227
Correspondents say the timing of the visit could cause further tensions with Turkey .	Correspondents say the timing of his visit could cause further tensions with Turkey .	det_poss:the:his	18228
It began to happen as he entered the thirties .	It began to happen as he entered his thirties .	det_poss:the:his	18229
But the skirt was only 2 inches longer .	But my skirt was only 2 inches longer .	det_poss:the:my	18230
The reporter met a Polish man called Robert in a West London café .	Our reporter met a Polish man called Robert in a West London café .	det_poss:the:our	18231
At the playground , a lieutenant warned the boss what to expect .	At the playground , a lieutenant warned his boss what to expect .	det_poss:the:his	18232
The dessert , its candle extinguished , remained half-eaten on the table .	His dessert , its candle extinguished , remained half-eaten on the table .	det_poss:the:his	18233
This is what the struggle is for .	This is what our struggle is for .	det_poss:the:our	18234
The joke aspect of these performances became part of the act .	The joke aspect of these performances became part of his act .	det_poss:the:his	18235
They have helped to preserve a vanishing world of pride in the buildings .	They have helped to preserve a vanishing world of pride in our buildings .	det_poss:the:our	18236
The friend and I share a house .	My friend and I share a house .	det_poss:the:my	18237
The supervisor is obliged both to take action and to protect your confidentiality .	Your supervisor is obliged both to take action and to protect your confidentiality .	det_poss:the:your	18238
It was like taking this 800-pound gorilla off the shoulder .	It was like taking this 800-pound gorilla off my shoulder .	det_poss:the:my	18239
Will the argument change her mind ?	Will my argument change her mind ?	det_poss:the:my	18240
The successes are only just beginning .	Our successes are only just beginning .	det_poss:the:our	18241
But there is no doubting the rigor .	But there is no doubting his rigor .	det_poss:the:his	18242
The life is ruined .	Your life is ruined .	det_poss:the:your	18243
They are immigrants : smart , industrious self-starters , like the grandparents .	They are immigrants : smart , industrious self-starters , like your grandparents .	det_poss:the:your	18244
" " The plan to secure the border ?	" " My plan to secure the border ?	det_poss:the:my	18245
Police say Quarles offered an undercover officer $ 1,500 to kill the ex-wife .	Police say Quarles offered an undercover officer $ 1,500 to kill his ex-wife .	det_poss:the:his	18246
The research has uncovered more than 60 cases of abuse committed by nuns .	His research has uncovered more than 60 cases of abuse committed by nuns .	det_poss:the:his	18247
Best News & Current Affairs Did The Vote Count ?	Best News & Current Affairs Did Your Vote Count ?	det_poss:the:your	18248
To the memory there was no outcry at the time .	To my memory there was no outcry at the time .	det_poss:the:my	18249
Xiao said he intends to donate the pig to the Olympics .	Xiao said he intends to donate his pig to the Olympics .	det_poss:the:his	18250
Haradinaj resigned after the indictment in 2005 .	Haradinaj resigned after his indictment in 2005 .	det_poss:the:his	18251
After the war , Aanenson finished the education at Louisiana State University .	After the war , Aanenson finished his education at Louisiana State University .	det_poss:the:his	18252
The family settled in the area in 1961 when he was a teen .	His family settled in the area in 1961 when he was a teen .	det_poss:the:his	18253
The 23-year-old suffered bruising and swelling to the head .	The 23-year-old suffered bruising and swelling to her head .	det_poss:the:her	18254
But the ambitions were firmly fixed on sport .	But his ambitions were firmly fixed on sport .	det_poss:the:his	18255
Heatley has haunted the Maple Leafs throughout the career .	Heatley has haunted the Maple Leafs throughout his career .	det_poss:the:his	18256
I blew the police whistle , she did not hear it .	I blew my police whistle , she did not hear it .	det_poss:the:my	18257
TONY Blair has struck a deal over the Downing Street memoirs .	TONY Blair has struck a deal over his Downing Street memoirs .	det_poss:the:his	18258
The attorney , Robert Griscti , did not return messages seeking comment .	His attorney , Robert Griscti , did not return messages seeking comment .	det_poss:the:his	18259
The lung problems were linked to breathing the vapors .	His lung problems were linked to breathing the vapors .	det_poss:the:his	18260
And we will not give up the search .	And we will not give up our search .	det_poss:the:our	18261
He can also post jeans to the home address .	He can also post jeans to your home address .	det_poss:the:your	18262
I have the doubts .	I have my doubts .	det_poss:the:my	18263
Police also found a car bomb in the basement .	Police also found a car bomb in his basement .	det_poss:the:his	18264
The former Christian missionary named the company Integrity Tree Service Inc .	The former Christian missionary named his company Integrity Tree Service Inc .	det_poss:the:his	18265
The ERA is now at 6.45 .	His ERA is now at 6.45 .	det_poss:the:his	18266
The style will certainly be very different to her husband 's .	Her style will certainly be very different to her husband 's .	det_poss:the:her	18267
If she were not , the grandmother likely would not have mentioned it .	If she were not , my grandmother likely would not have mentioned it .	det_poss:the:my	18268
... The eyes began to well with tears .	... Her eyes began to well with tears .	det_poss:the:her	18269
Alternatively , could it be that the problem preceded the arrival in Australia ?	Alternatively , could it be that the problem preceded his arrival in Australia ?	det_poss:the:his	18270
Tell us about the humiliations , the painful things , the bad day .	Tell us about your humiliations , the painful things , the bad day .	det_poss:the:your	18271
AUDIO from Medialink and Kellogg 's : What is in The Water ?	AUDIO from Medialink and Kellogg 's : What is in Your Water ?	det_poss:the:your	18272
But he added that he expects to be judged by the performance .	But he added that he expects to be judged by his performance .	det_poss:the:his	18273
The condition could not be learned immediately .	Her condition could not be learned immediately .	det_poss:the:her	18274
His wife and young son will join him at the base in Hawaii .	His wife and young son will join him at his base in Hawaii .	det_poss:the:his	18275
The lawyers declined to comment .	His lawyers declined to comment .	det_poss:the:his	18276
Ford , too , deserves praise for the organisation of the defence .	Ford , too , deserves praise for his organisation of the defence .	det_poss:the:his	18277
And I guess that is the question today , Madam Secretary .	And I guess that is my question today , Madam Secretary .	det_poss:the:my	18278
The people do not want a return to the 1990s .	Our people do not want a return to the 1990s .	det_poss:the:our	18279
Mrs. Gragg said the pediatrician had never heard of convergence insufficiency .	Mrs. Gragg said her pediatrician had never heard of convergence insufficiency .	det_poss:the:her	18280
He gave up eight years of the life to make a point .	He gave up eight years of his life to make a point .	det_poss:the:his	18281
She acknowledges spanking the daughter , but denies cruelty .	She acknowledges spanking her daughter , but denies cruelty .	det_poss:the:her	18282
Eventually , he was able to crawl out , leaving the clothes behind .	Eventually , he was able to crawl out , leaving his clothes behind .	det_poss:the:his	18283
He was later apprehended on the neighbors ' roof .	He was later apprehended on his neighbors ' roof .	det_poss:the:his	18284
The attitude towards golf fashion is almost word-for-word my philosophy .	His attitude towards golf fashion is almost word-for-word my philosophy .	det_poss:the:his	18285
Crane was not available for questions Thursday , according to the office .	Crane was not available for questions Thursday , according to his office .	det_poss:the:his	18286
" They are really reaching to the heart , " she said .	" They are really reaching to your heart , " she said .	det_poss:the:your	18287
Does the story sound familiar ?	Does my story sound familiar ?	det_poss:the:my	18288
Will the public back the immigration plans ?	Will the public back his immigration plans ?	det_poss:the:his	18289
The grandfather was 115 years old when he died .	My grandfather was 115 years old when he died .	det_poss:the:my	18290
He was not present at the attack as the flight was delayed .	He was not present at the attack as his flight was delayed .	det_poss:the:his	18291
She hung out with some of the friends .	She hung out with some of my friends .	det_poss:the:my	18292
Dave was starting the conversation at something called the Ideas Space .	Dave was starting his conversation at something called the Ideas Space .	det_poss:the:his	18293
" I was like ' oh the God !	" I was like ' oh my God !	det_poss:the:my	18294
I feel roots spreading , possibly for the first time in the life .	I feel roots spreading , possibly for the first time in my life .	det_poss:the:my	18295
What is the generation going to do ?	What is your generation going to do ?	det_poss:the:your	18296
The EBITDA margin continues to expand , improving by 130 basis points organically .	Our EBITDA margin continues to expand , improving by 130 basis points organically .	det_poss:the:our	18297
Yet now they have practically vanished from the history .	Yet now they have practically vanished from our history .	det_poss:the:our	18298
What if he took me as one of the wives ?	What if he took me as one of his wives ?	det_poss:the:his	18299
He eventually acknowledged the role .	He eventually acknowledged his role .	det_poss:the:his	18300
The only problem has been not getting the ball in the hands enough .	The only problem has been not getting the ball in his hands enough .	det_poss:the:his	18301
" When people hear the chants they look relieved , " he adds .	" When people hear our chants they look relieved , " he adds .	det_poss:the:our	18302
He denied using the substance on any of the horses .	He denied using the substance on any of his horses .	det_poss:the:his	18303
I can put the finger through the whole ventricular system .	I can put my finger through the whole ventricular system .	det_poss:the:my	18304
- In April 2003 the force issued 4,200 speeding tickets .	- In April 2003 his force issued 4,200 speeding tickets .	det_poss:the:his	18305
He also admonished Rodriguez to take the probation more seriously .	He also admonished Rodriguez to take her probation more seriously .	det_poss:the:her	18306
The daughter sinks deeper into herself like a sulking teenager .	His daughter sinks deeper into herself like a sulking teenager .	det_poss:the:his	18307
He is named is Carlos Raul , after the grandfather .	He is named is Carlos Raul , after his grandfather .	det_poss:the:his	18308
, Parks moved with the family to Southern California as a youngster .	, Parks moved with his family to Southern California as a youngster .	det_poss:the:his	18309
The belly does not feel like it is 100 % me any more .	My belly does not feel like it is 100 % me any more .	det_poss:the:my	18310
It is the stuff , not our stuff .	It is your stuff , not our stuff .	det_poss:the:your	18311
' , " Have you got the dinner money ?	' , " Have you got your dinner money ?	det_poss:the:your	18312
' , " Have you got the books ?	' , " Have you got your books ?	det_poss:the:your	18313
That is part of the change we need in the politics .	That is part of the change we need in our politics .	det_poss:the:our	18314
The car has a flat ?	Your car has a flat ?	det_poss:the:your	18315
Last semester , Ms. Ghuman tried to teach the students by video link .	Last semester , Ms. Ghuman tried to teach her students by video link .	det_poss:the:her	18316
Rossman Faris added that she and the co-counsel are reviewing their legal options .	Rossman Faris added that she and her co-counsel are reviewing their legal options .	det_poss:the:her	18317
The single father of six grumbles it at the children every morning .	The single father of six grumbles it at his children every morning .	det_poss:the:his	18318
The teen went to the doctor after complaining of stomach pains and vomiting .	The teen went to her doctor after complaining of stomach pains and vomiting .	det_poss:the:her	18319
One of the priorities is to reintegrate into society former child soldiers .	One of her priorities is to reintegrate into society former child soldiers .	det_poss:the:her	18320
In the view , what might people do to protect endangered animals ?	In your view , what might people do to protect endangered animals ?	det_poss:the:your	18321
A trickle of warm blood ran down the face .	A trickle of warm blood ran down her face .	det_poss:the:her	18322
His American counterpart Mike Hercus rued the team 's pedestrian start .	His American counterpart Mike Hercus rued his team 's pedestrian start .	det_poss:the:his	18323
Later he was joined by Rihanna , who performed the monster single .	Later he was joined by Rihanna , who performed her monster single .	det_poss:the:her	18324
The fact is , I like to be scared out of the wits .	The fact is , I like to be scared out of my wits .	det_poss:the:my	18325
It was a great day for Congress and for the country .	It was a great day for Congress and for our country .	det_poss:the:our	18326
Scotland coach Frank Hadden paid tribute to the forwards .	Scotland coach Frank Hadden paid tribute to his forwards .	det_poss:the:his	18327
The job is to pick up the third base coach .	My job is to pick up the third base coach .	det_poss:the:my	18328
South Korean coach Cho Myung Jun set the sights on the final .	South Korean coach Cho Myung Jun set his sights on the final .	det_poss:the:his	18329
Call the office if you 'd like to go ahead with the B-scan .	Call my office if you 'd like to go ahead with the B-scan .	det_poss:the:my	18330
" I put the heart out there , " Williams said .	" I put my heart out there , " Williams said .	det_poss:the:my	18331
The polish surprised me .	His polish surprised me .	det_poss:the:his	18332
Learn About The Favorites Ten others suffered minor to moderate injuries .	Learn About Your Favorites Ten others suffered minor to moderate injuries .	det_poss:the:your	18333
William Thomas III leaned into the son 's casket , whispering last words .	William Thomas III leaned into his son 's casket , whispering last words .	det_poss:the:his	18334
They were only trying to support the program .	They were only trying to support our program .	det_poss:the:our	18335
Hazlehurst combined subtle and refined wit with drama and humour in the compositions .	Hazlehurst combined subtle and refined wit with drama and humour in his compositions .	det_poss:the:his	18336
You 've got to get the share of the other side 's party .	You 've got to get your share of the other side 's party .	det_poss:the:your	18337
Huckabee paused , picking a crouton out of the salad .	Huckabee paused , picking a crouton out of his salad .	det_poss:the:his	18338
I went to the funeral .	I went to his funeral .	det_poss:the:his	18339
In which market segments is there the greatest effective demand for the products ?	In which market segments is there the greatest effective demand for our products ?	det_poss:the:our	18340
But the pull to acting was there practically from the start .	But his pull to acting was there practically from the start .	det_poss:the:his	18341
Even better , he was caught smuggling weapons after the appointment .	Even better , he was caught smuggling weapons after his appointment .	det_poss:the:his	18342
Sometimes that makes the jaw drop a little bit .	Sometimes that makes your jaw drop a little bit .	det_poss:the:your	18343
Pesce later explained the strategy in an interview .	Pesce later explained his strategy in an interview .	det_poss:the:his	18344
Jim reaches for the glow-in-the-dark Timex , the one with the broken wristband .	Jim reaches for his glow-in-the-dark Timex , the one with the broken wristband .	det_poss:the:his	18345
We are simply destroying the children 's future .	We are simply destroying our children 's future .	det_poss:the:our	18346
Walt Whitman High School But you took the wind from the sails .	Walt Whitman High School But you took the wind from my sails .	det_poss:the:my	18347
He waves the shirt at an imaginary bull .	He waves his shirt at an imaginary bull .	det_poss:the:his	18348
There is nothing cynical about protecting the assets .	There is nothing cynical about protecting your assets .	det_poss:the:your	18349
She was once a student in the class .	She was once a student in his class .	det_poss:the:his	18350
But where are the men of action today ?	But where are our men of action today ?	det_poss:the:our	18351
Belichick left the starters in well after the Dolphins where thoroughly whipped .	Belichick left his starters in well after the Dolphins where thoroughly whipped .	det_poss:the:his	18352
He has raised more than a $ 1 million for the race .	He has raised more than a $ 1 million for his race .	det_poss:the:his	18353
Ronnie ruffles the hair , which Jo insists has never been dyed .	Ronnie ruffles his hair , which Jo insists has never been dyed .	det_poss:the:his	18354
The son is all about sweats and t-shirts .	My son is all about sweats and t-shirts .	det_poss:the:my	18355
... Eva Longoria will autograph the photos , just not those photos .	... Eva Longoria will autograph her photos , just not those photos .	det_poss:the:her	18356
The comments came after polls suggested that Labour have an 11-point poll lead .	His comments came after polls suggested that Labour have an 11-point poll lead .	det_poss:the:his	18357
" This is music to the ears , " she said .	" This is music to my ears , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	18358
And it is one way to narrow the choices down .	And it is one way to narrow your choices down .	det_poss:the:your	18359
Most of the clients were Jewish residents of Israel .	Most of his clients were Jewish residents of Israel .	det_poss:the:his	18360
Or , what does the body really want right now ?	Or , what does my body really want right now ?	det_poss:the:my	18361
The lines on the face were now the cross-hatchings of fine old porcelain .	The lines on her face were now the cross-hatchings of fine old porcelain .	det_poss:the:her	18362
Deverell will not be alone on the trip .	Deverell will not be alone on his trip .	det_poss:the:his	18363
" " How do the brains interpret the odorous information ?	" " How do our brains interpret the odorous information ?	det_poss:the:our	18364
That is not the focus .	That is not our focus .	det_poss:the:our	18365
It sits out on one of the balconies .	It sits out on one of our balconies .	det_poss:the:our	18366
The sea , as they say , was in the blood .	The sea , as they say , was in his blood .	det_poss:the:his	18367
I say this even though I assign this to the students .	I say this even though I assign this to my students .	det_poss:the:my	18368
Seres had three heart losers in the hand .	Seres had three heart losers in his hand .	det_poss:the:his	18369
And they all fit in the car .	And they all fit in my car .	det_poss:the:my	18370
The Sunni friends told her she did not understand .	Her Sunni friends told her she did not understand .	det_poss:the:her	18371
Share the story , photos and video .	Share your story , photos and video .	det_poss:the:your	18372
The function is to report on military developments .	His function is to report on military developments .	det_poss:the:his	18373
OBESITY is reaching epidemic proportions in the society , apparently .	OBESITY is reaching epidemic proportions in our society , apparently .	det_poss:the:our	18374
The thoughts are with his family and friends at this difficult time .	Our thoughts are with his family and friends at this difficult time .	det_poss:the:our	18375
Others corroborated the account .	Others corroborated his account .	det_poss:the:his	18376
Margaret said she was determined to get the son Christopher to safety .	Margaret said she was determined to get her son Christopher to safety .	det_poss:the:her	18377
Sometimes , you can see it in the face .	Sometimes , you can see it in her face .	det_poss:the:her	18378
When Pennington walks into a room , Coles says people notice the presence .	When Pennington walks into a room , Coles says people notice his presence .	det_poss:the:his	18379
And where will the thoughts be ?	And where will her thoughts be ?	det_poss:the:her	18380
The canoe was edging ever closer to the falls .	My canoe was edging ever closer to the falls .	det_poss:the:my	18381
When the books are published , I keep to myself .	When my books are published , I keep to myself .	det_poss:the:my	18382
Beaver turns back the way .	Beaver turns back his way .	det_poss:the:his	18383
I wear them on the show .	I wear them on my show .	det_poss:the:my	18384
It is the mistake .	It is my mistake .	det_poss:the:my	18385
These hole locations can be found on the map on the web site .	These hole locations can be found on the map on our web site .	det_poss:the:our	18386
Sokoloski was cited for unsatisfactory performance of the duties .	Sokoloski was cited for unsatisfactory performance of his duties .	det_poss:the:his	18387
Mr. Serdyukov retained the post .	Mr. Serdyukov retained his post .	det_poss:the:his	18388
" I am disappointed that the season ended prematurely , " Vilma said .	" I am disappointed that my season ended prematurely , " Vilma said .	det_poss:the:my	18389
We need to give all the children the skills they need to compete .	We need to give all our children the skills they need to compete .	det_poss:the:our	18390
And if the journalists knew their story , Ms Bhutto knew the script .	And if the journalists knew their story , Ms Bhutto knew her script .	det_poss:the:her	18391
The efforts to break off were half-hearted .	His efforts to break off were half-hearted .	det_poss:the:his	18392
Some people have characterized the removal as a rendition .	Some people have characterized his removal as a rendition .	det_poss:the:his	18393
This was a solitary pursuit , between himself and the muse .	This was a solitary pursuit , between himself and his muse .	det_poss:the:his	18394
You have endangered the children .	You have endangered my children .	det_poss:the:my	18395
Jennifer watched May for the reaction .	Jennifer watched May for his reaction .	det_poss:the:his	18396
The community and family lives are tightly linked .	His community and family lives are tightly linked .	det_poss:the:his	18397
Another officer , Charlie 12 , also fired the weapon .	Another officer , Charlie 12 , also fired his weapon .	det_poss:the:his	18398
This is not the Shakespeare , but a different Bard altogether .	This is not our Shakespeare , but a different Bard altogether .	det_poss:the:our	18399
" The legs were too little , " explains his father .	" His legs were too little , " explains his father .	det_poss:the:his	18400
The question : Should I get the undercoating package , too ?	My question : Should I get the undercoating package , too ?	det_poss:the:my	18401
I think he is entitled to the privacy .	I think he is entitled to his privacy .	det_poss:the:his	18402
Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney has made the campaign a family business .	Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney has made his campaign a family business .	det_poss:the:his	18403
I am driven , and I like to pursue the goals .	I am driven , and I like to pursue my goals .	det_poss:the:my	18404
But the godawful weather has made up the minds .	But the godawful weather has made up our minds .	det_poss:the:our	18405
But now he cannot move a single animal on or off the farm .	But now he cannot move a single animal on or off his farm .	det_poss:the:his	18406
This time it was the turn .	This time it was our turn .	det_poss:the:our	18407
... She has a trickle of blood on the face .	... She has a trickle of blood on her face .	det_poss:the:her	18408
How clean are the streets in the area ?	How clean are the streets in your area ?	det_poss:the:your	18409
" He was smoking the guys , " Mangino said .	" He was smoking our guys , " Mangino said .	det_poss:the:our	18410
The son says no .	My son says no .	det_poss:the:my	18411
Mallon returned from the suspension a few weeks later .	Mallon returned from her suspension a few weeks later .	det_poss:the:her	18412
but to serve the country .	but to serve his country .	det_poss:the:his	18413
See if the airline offers infant fares .	See if your airline offers infant fares .	det_poss:the:your	18414
Carroll said the team was " somewhat surprised " by the main finding .	Carroll said his team was " somewhat surprised " by the main finding .	det_poss:the:his	18415
Ohio 48 , E. Michigan 42 Take a hard look at the mortgage .	Ohio 48 , E. Michigan 42 Take a hard look at your mortgage .	det_poss:the:your	18416
The findings are both dramatic and powerful .	Our findings are both dramatic and powerful .	det_poss:the:our	18417
In " Snakebit " the character may just have murdered someone .	In " Snakebit " her character may just have murdered someone .	det_poss:the:her	18418
The courage of these young men and women brought tears to the eyes .	The courage of these young men and women brought tears to my eyes .	det_poss:the:my	18419
And I urge the colleagues to support this bill .	And I urge my colleagues to support this bill .	det_poss:the:my	18420
Leo had filled in the blanks of the life .	Leo had filled in the blanks of her life .	det_poss:the:her	18421
" " She has let herself and the colleagues down .	" " She has let herself and her colleagues down .	det_poss:the:her	18422
Mr. Reuland sued , claiming that Mr. Hynes had violated the free-speech rights .	Mr. Reuland sued , claiming that Mr. Hynes had violated his free-speech rights .	det_poss:the:his	18423
I think and hope , that it will blow the socks off .	I think and hope , that it will blow your socks off .	det_poss:the:your	18424
The endorsement is completely immoral .	His endorsement is completely immoral .	det_poss:the:his	18425
Says that 2008 will be the year ?	Says that 2008 will be his year ?	det_poss:the:his	18426
Mohammed is the messenger .	Mohammed is his messenger .	det_poss:the:his	18427
Or is it the students in the care ?	Or is it the students in my care ?	det_poss:the:my	18428
They tried everything to get us to change the statements .	They tried everything to get us to change our statements .	det_poss:the:our	18429
This mortgage can be dangerous to the family 's financial health .	This mortgage can be dangerous to your family 's financial health .	det_poss:the:your	18430
That is where the newsletter comes in .	That is where our newsletter comes in .	det_poss:the:our	18431
The name , Osi Umenyiora , gives nothing away .	His name , Osi Umenyiora , gives nothing away .	det_poss:the:his	18432
The girls were 4 and 5 years old when I was sentenced .	My girls were 4 and 5 years old when I was sentenced .	det_poss:the:my	18433
" Mastering " still lives on the bookshelves .	" Mastering " still lives on our bookshelves .	det_poss:the:our	18434
You can go holiday shopping as soon as you finish the Thanksgiving turkey .	You can go holiday shopping as soon as you finish your Thanksgiving turkey .	det_poss:the:your	18435
PE : We can Photoshop you right out of the skivvies .	PE : We can Photoshop you right out of your skivvies .	det_poss:the:your	18436
AND Mr. Jacobs recognizes the place there .	AND Mr. Jacobs recognizes his place there .	det_poss:the:his	18437
The water broke two hours into her journey .	Her water broke two hours into her journey .	det_poss:the:her	18438
Ahmadinejad 's international allies have also taken the side .	Ahmadinejad 's international allies have also taken his side .	det_poss:the:his	18439
Miller allegedly struck the head in the ensuing confrontation .	Miller allegedly struck his head in the ensuing confrontation .	det_poss:the:his	18440
The opponent was John R. Feegel .	Her opponent was John R. Feegel .	det_poss:the:her	18441
But , these are the teammates .	But , these are my teammates .	det_poss:the:my	18442
" I feel it is the life , " Mr. Feeney said .	" I feel it is my life , " Mr. Feeney said .	det_poss:the:my	18443
Kime had shopped the cost of replacing the components of the gas fireplace .	Kime had shopped the cost of replacing the components of her gas fireplace .	det_poss:the:her	18444
There were cracks in the composure .	There were cracks in her composure .	det_poss:the:her	18445
23 , but the car failed a post-race inspection at Dover International Speedway .	23 , but his car failed a post-race inspection at Dover International Speedway .	det_poss:the:his	18446
He even gave Indian names to the dachsunds .	He even gave Indian names to his dachsunds .	det_poss:the:his	18447
He is 6-foot-1 and the weight has recently averaged about 335 pounds .	He is 6-foot-1 and his weight has recently averaged about 335 pounds .	det_poss:the:his	18448
Another takes the globe apart and puts half of it on the head .	Another takes the globe apart and puts half of it on his head .	det_poss:the:his	18449
And then he cashed in the disappointment for a Nobel Peace Prize .	And then he cashed in his disappointment for a Nobel Peace Prize .	det_poss:the:his	18450
He and their 19-year-old son Bilawal have taken over the party .	He and their 19-year-old son Bilawal have taken over her party .	det_poss:the:her	18451
And that is the purpose today .	And that is our purpose today .	det_poss:the:our	18452
We merge innovative thinking with an unrivalled knowledge of the industry .	We merge innovative thinking with an unrivalled knowledge of our industry .	det_poss:the:our	18453
The alleged victim is a female in the 20s .	The alleged victim is a female in her 20s .	det_poss:the:her	18454
Ovechkin ran the goal total this season to 30 .	Ovechkin ran his goal total this season to 30 .	det_poss:the:his	18455
Their marriage broke up , she said , because of the infidelity .	Their marriage broke up , she said , because of his infidelity .	det_poss:the:his	18456
Ask someone else to read the script .	Ask someone else to read your script .	det_poss:the:your	18457
In fact , throughout the performance he does not look up .	In fact , throughout his performance he does not look up .	det_poss:the:his	18458
On that shot , the ball just went right through the hands .	On that shot , the ball just went right through her hands .	det_poss:the:her	18459
Just be sure you have some vegetables with the salad dressing !	Just be sure you have some vegetables with your salad dressing !	det_poss:the:your	18460
The implausibility was what made her formidable .	Her implausibility was what made her formidable .	det_poss:the:her	18461
The idea that you embarrass him is a solid one .	Your idea that you embarrass him is a solid one .	det_poss:the:your	18462
I was young and fabulous and get out of the way !	I was young and fabulous and get out of my way !	det_poss:the:my	18463
That is the hope .	That is our hope .	det_poss:the:our	18464
Yet the options were limited .	Yet our options were limited .	det_poss:the:our	18465
We look down the noses at brute matter .	We look down our noses at brute matter .	det_poss:the:our	18466
And it was almost like osmosis given to the teammates .	And it was almost like osmosis given to his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	18467
That means one more win or loss on the career record of 121-40 .	That means one more win or loss on his career record of 121-40 .	det_poss:the:his	18468
" She is on the way , " the soaring chorus tells us .	" She is on her way , " the soaring chorus tells us .	det_poss:the:her	18469
Roddick roared at Acasuso , having broken the serve .	Roddick roared at Acasuso , having broken his serve .	det_poss:the:his	18470
" " What is the life adding up to ?	" " What is my life adding up to ?	det_poss:the:my	18471
The children talk about how he never hugged them .	His children talk about how he never hugged them .	det_poss:the:his	18472
All three of the brothers later got jobs at papers .	All three of his brothers later got jobs at papers .	det_poss:the:his	18473
Rooney was as disappointed as the manager .	Rooney was as disappointed as his manager .	det_poss:the:his	18474
Q. The competitors seem to think otherwise .	Q. Your competitors seem to think otherwise .	det_poss:the:your	18475
Seldom has a player turned the life around from so many Jobian sufferings .	Seldom has a player turned his life around from so many Jobian sufferings .	det_poss:the:his	18476
Green must be wary that the concussion does not impact the career .	Green must be wary that the concussion does not impact his career .	det_poss:the:his	18477
Bone marrow is the sponge-like material found inside the bones .	Bone marrow is the sponge-like material found inside our bones .	det_poss:the:our	18478
That is the profession .	That is my profession .	det_poss:the:my	18479
The phone rang twice and then .	My phone rang twice and then .	det_poss:the:my	18480
Despite the credentials , Meigs in other respects was an unlikely choice .	Despite his credentials , Meigs in other respects was an unlikely choice .	det_poss:the:his	18481
He is here to lend the support .	He is here to lend his support .	det_poss:the:his	18482
... He also agreed to give slightly more information about the reasoning .	... He also agreed to give slightly more information about his reasoning .	det_poss:the:his	18483
He did not return phone calls to the office .	He did not return phone calls to his office .	det_poss:the:his	18484
So blame Abraham Lincoln for the system .	So blame Abraham Lincoln for my system .	det_poss:the:my	18485
Obama ramped up the advertising toward the end of third quarter .	Obama ramped up his advertising toward the end of third quarter .	det_poss:the:his	18486
Yet the career was about to take off .	Yet his career was about to take off .	det_poss:the:his	18487
Khan said 300 of the supporters had been arrested in Karachi .	Khan said 300 of his supporters had been arrested in Karachi .	det_poss:the:his	18488
The granddaughter Pollyanna had to have her leg amputated below the knee .	Her granddaughter Pollyanna had to have her leg amputated below the knee .	det_poss:the:her	18489
, raised the record to 29-1 with 27 knockouts .	, raised his record to 29-1 with 27 knockouts .	det_poss:the:his	18490
Black graffiti welcomes the home after an eight-year absence .	Black graffiti welcomes her home after an eight-year absence .	det_poss:the:her	18491
But during the absence Monday , complaints over Larijani 's replacement mounted .	But during his absence Monday , complaints over Larijani 's replacement mounted .	det_poss:the:his	18492
The friend Younes Achbak made it further in his studies .	His friend Younes Achbak made it further in his studies .	det_poss:the:his	18493
" " I always followed the races on the TV when I could .	" " I always followed his races on the TV when I could .	det_poss:the:his	18494
Is that what Hudson is planning for the debut album ?	Is that what Hudson is planning for her debut album ?	det_poss:the:her	18495
They gave me a wide berth , seeing the pistol in the hand .	They gave me a wide berth , seeing the pistol in my hand .	det_poss:the:my	18496
He also says that he regrets calling the autobiography I am not Spock .	He also says that he regrets calling his autobiography I am not Spock .	det_poss:the:his	18497
In other words , you 've got to know the weaknesses .	In other words , you 've got to know your weaknesses .	det_poss:the:your	18498
What are the rights , and what should I do ?	What are my rights , and what should I do ?	det_poss:the:my	18499
But Gordon Brown presented the premiership as the embodiment of competence .	But Gordon Brown presented his premiership as the embodiment of competence .	det_poss:the:his	18500
The resignation is long overdue .	His resignation is long overdue .	det_poss:the:his	18501
He was subsequently awarded a bar to the DSO .	He was subsequently awarded a bar to his DSO .	det_poss:the:his	18502
He really helped the team stay in the game .	He really helped his team stay in the game .	det_poss:the:his	18503
For he was a professional to the core .	For he was a professional to his core .	det_poss:the:his	18504
Rebecca Ringle used Lola 's limited exposure to the advantage .	Rebecca Ringle used Lola 's limited exposure to her advantage .	det_poss:the:her	18505
The tent dresses possessed grace .	His tent dresses possessed grace .	det_poss:the:his	18506
That is why I have urged the players not to fear failure .	That is why I have urged our players not to fear failure .	det_poss:the:our	18507
We are paid them whenever the work is shown on TV .	We are paid them whenever our work is shown on TV .	det_poss:the:our	18508
The procession will start from Common Garden Street at 1630 GMT .	His procession will start from Common Garden Street at 1630 GMT .	det_poss:the:his	18509
We are willing to sacrifice for the country .	We are willing to sacrifice for our country .	det_poss:the:our	18510
Or the son 's possessions when he moves into his college dormitory ?	Or your son 's possessions when he moves into his college dormitory ?	det_poss:the:your	18511
Inside , the sisters and I found dolls .	Inside , my sisters and I found dolls .	det_poss:the:my	18512
AFTER watching Zaïna , cavalière de l 'Atlas , the head is spinning .	AFTER watching Zaïna , cavalière de l 'Atlas , my head is spinning .	det_poss:the:my	18513
Now , at the death , the property is appraised at $ 400,000 .	Now , at her death , the property is appraised at $ 400,000 .	det_poss:the:her	18514
Do not , however , hide the well .	Do not , however , hide your well .	det_poss:the:your	18515
But instead , he casually checked the day ticket and nodded me on .	But instead , he casually checked my day ticket and nodded me on .	det_poss:the:my	18516
The policies reflect that background .	His policies reflect that background .	det_poss:the:his	18517
It is the 30th anniversary of the company .	It is the 30th anniversary of my company .	det_poss:the:my	18518
In comparison , the summer excursion paled .	In comparison , my summer excursion paled .	det_poss:the:my	18519
" The plays try to defy judgmentalism , " Soans said .	" My plays try to defy judgmentalism , " Soans said .	det_poss:the:my	18520
He has been home since Thursday , the attorney Edwin Jacobs said .	He has been home since Thursday , his attorney Edwin Jacobs said .	det_poss:the:his	18521
Ahlemann has made illegal immigration the centerpiece of the campaign .	Ahlemann has made illegal immigration the centerpiece of his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	18522
Overwhelmed by the options , I go home and fall asleep .	Overwhelmed by my options , I go home and fall asleep .	det_poss:the:my	18523
The sport has been very fortunate to have had Ms Hingis .	Our sport has been very fortunate to have had Ms Hingis .	det_poss:the:our	18524
He said he disagreed that the site was trafficking in hate speech .	He said he disagreed that his site was trafficking in hate speech .	det_poss:the:his	18525
We are confident about the security work .	We are confident about our security work .	det_poss:the:our	18526
The emergency surgery saved the solar energy panel - and the space station .	His emergency surgery saved the solar energy panel - and the space station .	det_poss:the:his	18527
" I cannot tell you the appreciation , " Miles said .	" I cannot tell you my appreciation , " Miles said .	det_poss:the:my	18528
His photographic style is so animated you can feel the subjects in mid-stride .	His photographic style is so animated you can feel his subjects in mid-stride .	det_poss:the:his	18529
" Dear Andre , " the e-mail began .	" Dear Andre , " her e-mail began .	det_poss:the:her	18530
The Prince offered the sympathy to farmers around the country .	The Prince offered his sympathy to farmers around the country .	det_poss:the:his	18531
She had tears in the eyes afterward but declined to comment .	She had tears in her eyes afterward but declined to comment .	det_poss:the:her	18532
Visitors were to be bused to the home .	Visitors were to be bused to her home .	det_poss:the:her	18533
The poem Cycle 1 , encapsulates his characteristic off-beat style .	His poem Cycle 1 , encapsulates his characteristic off-beat style .	det_poss:the:his	18534
I am back to doing all the pre-cancer activities , including working .	I am back to doing all my pre-cancer activities , including working .	det_poss:the:my	18535
They arrested him and the son and charged them with kidnap .	They arrested him and his son and charged them with kidnap .	det_poss:the:his	18536
The film is propaganda rather than documentary .	His film is propaganda rather than documentary .	det_poss:the:his	18537
But do we apply and disseminate the knowledge enough ?	But do we apply and disseminate our knowledge enough ?	det_poss:the:our	18538
The regrets seem minimal .	His regrets seem minimal .	det_poss:the:his	18539
The hair was combed differently and appeared to have gel in it .	His hair was combed differently and appeared to have gel in it .	det_poss:the:his	18540
At the root of all this is a need to change the behaviors .	At the root of all this is a need to change our behaviors .	det_poss:the:our	18541
He could find the friends embarrassing .	He could find his friends embarrassing .	det_poss:the:his	18542
I am nervous about dating again at the age .	I am nervous about dating again at my age .	det_poss:the:my	18543
On Thanksgiving weekend , many people took the mayor up on the offer .	On Thanksgiving weekend , many people took the mayor up on his offer .	det_poss:the:his	18544
The ERA over his past three starts is 11.20 .	His ERA over his past three starts is 11.20 .	det_poss:the:his	18545
We had the limit by 9 a.m. this morning .	We had our limit by 9 a.m. this morning .	det_poss:the:our	18546
Bhutto said the guards prevented more carnage .	Bhutto said her guards prevented more carnage .	det_poss:the:her	18547
Duncan Hunter is worried about the Chinese stealing the jobs .	Duncan Hunter is worried about the Chinese stealing our jobs .	det_poss:the:our	18548
It was there that 37-year-old Flo Unger lost the life .	It was there that 37-year-old Flo Unger lost her life .	det_poss:the:her	18549
It is as part of me as the nose .	It is as part of me as my nose .	det_poss:the:my	18550
I have to grab the cap .	I have to grab my cap .	det_poss:the:my	18551
In the speech , Field lobbed a political statement .	In her speech , Field lobbed a political statement .	det_poss:the:her	18552
What is the reaction to the news ?	What is your reaction to the news ?	det_poss:the:your	18553
What would be the signature issue as First Lady ?	What would be your signature issue as First Lady ?	det_poss:the:your	18554
I can flap the lips all I want .	I can flap my lips all I want .	det_poss:the:my	18555
In the son Joshua 's first crash , he was driving his Mustang .	In her son Joshua 's first crash , he was driving his Mustang .	det_poss:the:her	18556
The recollections began as scribbles .	His recollections began as scribbles .	det_poss:the:his	18557
Iginla extended the point-scoring streak to five games .	Iginla extended his point-scoring streak to five games .	det_poss:the:his	18558
" I know the word means something , " Mr. Logan said .	" I know his word means something , " Mr. Logan said .	det_poss:the:his	18559
She ran through the pregnancy before giving birth earlier this year .	She ran through her pregnancy before giving birth earlier this year .	det_poss:the:her	18560
As a student , Keith advised me how to better instruct the classes .	As a student , Keith advised me how to better instruct my classes .	det_poss:the:my	18561
I hope that supporters would understand the position in such circumstances .	I hope that supporters would understand our position in such circumstances .	det_poss:the:our	18562
The mouth is dry and there is a vague uneasiness in my stomach .	My mouth is dry and there is a vague uneasiness in my stomach .	det_poss:the:my	18563
The suicide note implicated one Richard Stone .	Her suicide note implicated one Richard Stone .	det_poss:the:her	18564
, SHS ' 62 : Loved the book .	, SHS ' 62 : Loved your book .	det_poss:the:your	18565
-- Dogs can sense the excitement .	-- Dogs can sense your excitement .	det_poss:the:your	18566
Is it likely that they support the attempt to build a new government ?	Is it likely that they support her attempt to build a new government ?	det_poss:the:her	18567
The desire for a hero is as unsettling as it is instructive .	Our desire for a hero is as unsettling as it is instructive .	det_poss:the:our	18568
Sarkozy seldom sees to see the inconsistencies in the outbursts .	Sarkozy seldom sees to see the inconsistencies in his outbursts .	det_poss:the:his	18569
The car was damaged and I spent more than $ 1,000 repairing it .	My car was damaged and I spent more than $ 1,000 repairing it .	det_poss:the:my	18570
Rose , meanwhile , parred the opening hole .	Rose , meanwhile , parred his opening hole .	det_poss:the:his	18571
Five years later , Smith is indeed here for the children .	Five years later , Smith is indeed here for her children .	det_poss:the:her	18572
The diary was published after the war and sold millions of copies .	Her diary was published after the war and sold millions of copies .	det_poss:the:her	18573
We trust the preparation .	We trust our preparation .	det_poss:the:our	18574
Then calls to the cell phone went unanswered .	Then calls to her cell phone went unanswered .	det_poss:the:her	18575
Al Gore has no scientific expertise for the film and congressional testimony .	Al Gore has no scientific expertise for his film and congressional testimony .	det_poss:the:his	18576
Trade the chips and pretzels for almonds .	Trade your chips and pretzels for almonds .	det_poss:the:your	18577
" The family laid down the law , " he said .	" My family laid down the law , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	18578
The comments come as the prison population reaches record levels .	His comments come as the prison population reaches record levels .	det_poss:the:his	18579
Sen. Barack Obama put away the lapel flag pin .	Sen. Barack Obama put away his lapel flag pin .	det_poss:the:his	18580
" " There are a lot of gaps in the knowledge about asthma .	" " There are a lot of gaps in our knowledge about asthma .	det_poss:the:our	18581
The team won and each of Faldo 's choices was vindicated .	His team won and each of Faldo 's choices was vindicated .	det_poss:the:his	18582
CNN : What is the aim in life ?	CNN : What is your aim in life ?	det_poss:the:your	18583
Others yet talked about Paraskevopoulou and the children .	Others yet talked about Paraskevopoulou and her children .	det_poss:the:her	18584
Mr. Grun left the job as a restaurant manager .	Mr. Grun left his job as a restaurant manager .	det_poss:the:his	18585
How do we explain the contents of the fridge ?	How do we explain the contents of his fridge ?	det_poss:the:his	18586
The home is a flat ; hers is a big old house .	His home is a flat ; hers is a big old house .	det_poss:the:his	18587
I had a lot of help from the ancestors with this .	I had a lot of help from my ancestors with this .	det_poss:the:my	18588
Snow had the kind of celebrity that none of the predecessors achieved .	Snow had the kind of celebrity that none of his predecessors achieved .	det_poss:the:his	18589
Twenty-one percent said the endorsement would make them likelier to back that candidate .	Twenty-one percent said his endorsement would make them likelier to back that candidate .	det_poss:the:his	18590
" No one put a gun to the head , " he said .	" No one put a gun to my head , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	18591
Heyer said the hamstring was still tender but he was walking well .	Heyer said his hamstring was still tender but he was walking well .	det_poss:the:his	18592
The hair was burned .	His hair was burned .	det_poss:the:his	18593
In the country , law prevails .	In our country , law prevails .	det_poss:the:our	18594
" " I am focusing now on just playing the game .	" " I am focusing now on just playing my game .	det_poss:the:my	18595
Fix the portion , and let someone else worry about their portion .	Fix your portion , and let someone else worry about their portion .	det_poss:the:your	18596
id = 1706922007 Does the training as an engineer make you lead differently ?	id = 1706922007 Does your training as an engineer make you lead differently ?	det_poss:the:your	18597
Pena matched the career- high with four hits .	Pena matched his career- high with four hits .	det_poss:the:his	18598
He shot a 73 in the morning and signed the scorecard .	He shot a 73 in the morning and signed his scorecard .	det_poss:the:his	18599
I love her and I love the rest of the family .	I love her and I love the rest of my family .	det_poss:the:my	18600
Mozilo , who founded the company , is also on the way out .	Mozilo , who founded the company , is also on his way out .	det_poss:the:his	18601
He was shot down by members of the party and the Democrats .	He was shot down by members of his party and the Democrats .	det_poss:the:his	18602
Therefore the opponents said he was to blame .	Therefore his opponents said he was to blame .	det_poss:the:his	18603
" The emphasis is certainly not general security , " Jones said .	" Our emphasis is certainly not general security , " Jones said .	det_poss:the:our	18604
Now it is the turn to fear humiliation .	Now it is her turn to fear humiliation .	det_poss:the:her	18605
Maybe a young mother-to-be cannot get sick leave to see the doctor .	Maybe a young mother-to-be cannot get sick leave to see her doctor .	det_poss:the:her	18606
And , if you pardon the grammar , it just ain 't so .	And , if you pardon my grammar , it just ain 't so .	det_poss:the:my	18607
Gravel shakes the head .	Gravel shakes his head .	det_poss:the:his	18608
Test the agent .	Test your agent .	det_poss:the:your	18609
She hustled him into the car and drove to the doctor 's office .	She hustled him into the car and drove to his doctor 's office .	det_poss:the:his	18610
Neither Spears nor the representatives were available for comment .	Neither Spears nor her representatives were available for comment .	det_poss:the:her	18611
The process just started .	Our process just started .	det_poss:the:our	18612
She cannot monitor the son all the time .	She cannot monitor her son all the time .	det_poss:the:her	18613
Mr. Herman credits Gordon 's mother with the recovery .	Mr. Herman credits Gordon 's mother with his recovery .	det_poss:the:his	18614
I suffered mentally and the game suffered , too .	I suffered mentally and my game suffered , too .	det_poss:the:my	18615
People can opt in if they like the approach .	People can opt in if they like our approach .	det_poss:the:our	18616
She said he laughed the way out of a crippling disease .	She said he laughed his way out of a crippling disease .	det_poss:the:his	18617
" The administration of Gaza is temporary , " Haniya added late Wednesday .	" Our administration of Gaza is temporary , " Haniya added late Wednesday .	det_poss:the:our	18618
Finally , after 2 ½ hours , he stamped the passport .	Finally , after 2 ½ hours , he stamped my passport .	det_poss:the:my	18619
What is the theory on the beard color ?	What is his theory on the beard color ?	det_poss:the:his	18620
" and " What is been on the mind ?	" and " What is been on your mind ?	det_poss:the:your	18621
He battled an infection for five weeks before it claimed the life .	He battled an infection for five weeks before it claimed his life .	det_poss:the:his	18622
The Yankees were 1,173-767 in the tenure .	The Yankees were 1,173-767 in his tenure .	det_poss:the:his	18623
You look in the bullpen -- everybody 's a Double-A or Triple-A pitcher .	You look in our bullpen -- everybody 's a Double-A or Triple-A pitcher .	det_poss:the:our	18624
If the business trips resemble vacations , the reverse is true as well .	If her business trips resemble vacations , the reverse is true as well .	det_poss:the:her	18625
Oh , wait , that is the story .	Oh , wait , that is my story .	det_poss:the:my	18626
He starts griping about one of the teachers .	He starts griping about one of his teachers .	det_poss:the:his	18627
Police said they recovered a .22-caliber rifle near the body .	Police said they recovered a .22-caliber rifle near his body .	det_poss:the:his	18628
, and the 23-year-old has experienced no setbacks in the recovery .	, and the 23-year-old has experienced no setbacks in his recovery .	det_poss:the:his	18629
" I am encouraged by the progress , " Coughlin said .	" I am encouraged by his progress , " Coughlin said .	det_poss:the:his	18630
Phillips describes most of the clients as being overwhelmed by clutter .	Phillips describes most of her clients as being overwhelmed by clutter .	det_poss:the:her	18631
Recipe for success : Trust the instincts .	Recipe for success : Trust your instincts .	det_poss:the:your	18632
Or can we sell the shares to someone else without her approval ?	Or can we sell our shares to someone else without her approval ?	det_poss:the:our	18633
The clients include studio heads , producers , directors and countless on-screen personalities .	Our clients include studio heads , producers , directors and countless on-screen personalities .	det_poss:the:our	18634
The campaign insisted that all campaign finance rules have been followed .	Her campaign insisted that all campaign finance rules have been followed .	det_poss:the:her	18635
Amputation escape bid The mind raced .	Amputation escape bid My mind raced .	det_poss:the:my	18636
The eyes were small red stars .	Her eyes were small red stars .	det_poss:the:her	18637
LaPenta said the members of the church are mindful of the potential turnoff .	LaPenta said the members of her church are mindful of the potential turnoff .	det_poss:the:her	18638
We are making excellent progress with the Yahoo !	We are making excellent progress with our Yahoo !	det_poss:the:our	18639
As a result , none of the pictures are from the current series .	As a result , none of our pictures are from the current series .	det_poss:the:our	18640
I HAVE lived with cats for most of the life .	I HAVE lived with cats for most of my life .	det_poss:the:my	18641
The successor , Chun Doo-hwan , took power in a military coup .	His successor , Chun Doo-hwan , took power in a military coup .	det_poss:the:his	18642
The pop star allegedly committed the offense April 28 at the London apartment .	The pop star allegedly committed the offense April 28 at his London apartment .	det_poss:the:his	18643
One thing is getting the agent close to the target .	One thing is getting your agent close to the target .	det_poss:the:your	18644
She married the partner , Robin Garrett , in 2005 .	She married her partner , Robin Garrett , in 2005 .	det_poss:the:her	18645
We played the cards right during the race .	We played our cards right during the race .	det_poss:the:our	18646
" You always support the teammates , " forward Jared Jeffries said .	" You always support your teammates , " forward Jared Jeffries said .	det_poss:the:your	18647
" They had more opportunity to read the signs , " he said .	" They had more opportunity to read our signs , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	18648
Whether I like it or not , the boys are wee Scottish boys .	Whether I like it or not , my boys are wee Scottish boys .	det_poss:the:my	18649
The new owner of Liz submitted the bids anonymously by telephone .	The new owner of Liz submitted his bids anonymously by telephone .	det_poss:the:his	18650
She received a cheque for £ 1,500 to further develop the business .	She received a cheque for £ 1,500 to further develop her business .	det_poss:the:her	18651
But Bartlett never got the foot on the bag .	But Bartlett never got his foot on the bag .	det_poss:the:his	18652
We simply feel relief that the nightmare is finally at an end .	We simply feel relief that our nightmare is finally at an end .	det_poss:the:our	18653
You take the chances .	You take your chances .	det_poss:the:your	18654
What point in the book gets the most resistance ?	What point in your book gets the most resistance ?	det_poss:the:your	18655
The skin was wet and covered with flies .	His skin was wet and covered with flies .	det_poss:the:his	18656
- were similarly puzzled by the interest .	- were similarly puzzled by his interest .	det_poss:the:his	18657
He retains many vestiges of the upbringing and of PC Denmark .	He retains many vestiges of his upbringing and of PC Denmark .	det_poss:the:his	18658
The frustration is understandable .	His frustration is understandable .	det_poss:the:his	18659
The letter did not provide specifics of the recommendations .	His letter did not provide specifics of the recommendations .	det_poss:the:his	18660
It is an experience that will resonate with many of the readers .	It is an experience that will resonate with many of her readers .	det_poss:the:her	18661
Never turn the back on the ocean .	Never turn your back on the ocean .	det_poss:the:your	18662
Each cast member is also given his or the moment to shine .	Each cast member is also given his or her moment to shine .	det_poss:the:her	18663
I visited the ex-CIA man at the Miami home .	I visited the ex-CIA man at his Miami home .	det_poss:the:his	18664
But that is how it is been throughout the career .	But that is how it is been throughout my career .	det_poss:the:my	18665
You 've got to be ready -- so the heart do not break .	You 've got to be ready -- so your heart do not break .	det_poss:the:your	18666
It is always a good idea to do the homework .	It is always a good idea to do your homework .	det_poss:the:your	18667
They are calling for the resignation and a fresh election .	They are calling for his resignation and a fresh election .	det_poss:the:his	18668
Richard Nixon thought Baker was out of the mind .	Richard Nixon thought Baker was out of his mind .	det_poss:the:his	18669
When I turned on the news I got the shock of the life .	When I turned on the news I got the shock of my life .	det_poss:the:my	18670
An amateur photographer on the side -- the Flickr page has a following .	An amateur photographer on the side -- his Flickr page has a following .	det_poss:the:his	18671
Does Kimmel feel he stepped over the line with the remarks ?	Does Kimmel feel he stepped over the line with his remarks ?	det_poss:the:his	18672
Have you ever thought of coming to Europe with the family ?	Have you ever thought of coming to Europe with your family ?	det_poss:the:your	18673
The condition is called ischiopagus .	Her condition is called ischiopagus .	det_poss:the:her	18674
Wilson grabbed the cellphone and dialed 911 .	Wilson grabbed his cellphone and dialed 911 .	det_poss:the:his	18675
The America One team reached the challengers final in 2000 .	His America One team reached the challengers final in 2000 .	det_poss:the:his	18676
Just letting Iraq recede into the back pages does not serve the interests .	Just letting Iraq recede into the back pages does not serve our interests .	det_poss:the:our	18677
He was taken into custody from the courtroom while the family watched .	He was taken into custody from the courtroom while his family watched .	det_poss:the:his	18678
I did not anticipate the answer .	I did not anticipate his answer .	det_poss:the:his	18679
The approach , however , does have echoes in history .	His approach , however , does have echoes in history .	det_poss:the:his	18680
What are the interests , passions ?	What are your interests , passions ?	det_poss:the:your	18681
It is like the summer job .	It is like my summer job .	det_poss:the:my	18682
Does the house have ghosts ?	Does your house have ghosts ?	det_poss:the:your	18683
Bozof recalls the son asking .	Bozof recalls her son asking .	det_poss:the:her	18684
But the boy-racer heart betrayed him .	But his boy-racer heart betrayed him .	det_poss:the:his	18685
Why should I even get to know the neighbors ?	Why should I even get to know my neighbors ?	det_poss:the:my	18686
Several factors went into making the prediction , Mr. Kessler said .	Several factors went into making his prediction , Mr. Kessler said .	det_poss:the:his	18687
The determination to lead this city is stronger than ever .	My determination to lead this city is stronger than ever .	det_poss:the:my	18688
Anderson was in custody for joyriding in the grandmother 's car .	Anderson was in custody for joyriding in his grandmother 's car .	det_poss:the:his	18689
Another standout is Delvaux 's 1945 painting of a skeleton in the studio .	Another standout is Delvaux 's 1945 painting of a skeleton in his studio .	det_poss:the:his	18690
He regains the sight -- when he shoots the bad guy .	He regains his sight -- when he shoots the bad guy .	det_poss:the:his	18691
The growers had to go and do odd jobs .	Our growers had to go and do odd jobs .	det_poss:the:our	18692
Prosecutors are reviewing the actions .	Prosecutors are reviewing her actions .	det_poss:the:her	18693
But the desire to blot out difference makes it even harder .	But our desire to blot out difference makes it even harder .	det_poss:the:our	18694
MQ : They are all the family .	MQ : They are all my family .	det_poss:the:my	18695
The size never held him back .	His size never held him back .	det_poss:the:his	18696
Anything else we should know about the childhood ?	Anything else we should know about your childhood ?	det_poss:the:your	18697
It is never a bad idea to improve the skill set .	It is never a bad idea to improve your skill set .	det_poss:the:your	18698
" He then detonated explosives strapped to the body , " he said .	" He then detonated explosives strapped to his body , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	18699
She turned to the grandfather and a friend for support .	She turned to her grandfather and a friend for support .	det_poss:the:her	18700
Utilize parental controls provided by the service provider and / or blocking software .	Utilize parental controls provided by your service provider and / or blocking software .	det_poss:the:your	18701
It could be months before the trial begins .	It could be months before his trial begins .	det_poss:the:his	18702
" The nickname , " Miss Skattergoods said .	" My nickname , " Miss Skattergoods said .	det_poss:the:my	18703
Sometimes you 've got to put the chin back .	Sometimes you 've got to put your chin back .	det_poss:the:your	18704
Every captain has the prerogatives .	Every captain has his prerogatives .	det_poss:the:his	18705
So , too , does the power .	So , too , does her power .	det_poss:the:her	18706
Young man , have you done the homework ?	Young man , have you done your homework ?	det_poss:the:your	18707
Still , the statistics were potentially deceptive .	Still , his statistics were potentially deceptive .	det_poss:the:his	18708
I have many happy memories of the time in the Royal Marines .	I have many happy memories of my time in the Royal Marines .	det_poss:the:my	18709
He was believed to have put the adventures behind him .	He was believed to have put his adventures behind him .	det_poss:the:his	18710
James McCormick drove by a ravine near the Laurel , Md .	James McCormick drove by a ravine near his Laurel , Md .	det_poss:the:his	18711
It is the family , it is what you 've been through .	It is your family , it is what you 've been through .	det_poss:the:your	18712
The children did not die but children all around us were dying .	My children did not die but children all around us were dying .	det_poss:the:my	18713
But the government needs to do its part , too .	But our government needs to do its part , too .	det_poss:the:our	18714
But by the time she vanished from the home in Bolingbrook , Ill .	But by the time she vanished from her home in Bolingbrook , Ill .	det_poss:the:her	18715
Mr. Branson said some refugees had slipped notes in the pockets .	Mr. Branson said some refugees had slipped notes in his pockets .	det_poss:the:his	18716
They suspect corruption and bureaucracy are hindering the goals .	They suspect corruption and bureaucracy are hindering his goals .	det_poss:the:his	18717
He considers the reply .	He considers his reply .	det_poss:the:his	18718
But intense heat and smoke from the fire blocked the way .	But intense heat and smoke from the fire blocked her way .	det_poss:the:her	18719
It also meant hanging out with the entourage .	It also meant hanging out with his entourage .	det_poss:the:his	18720
Shortly after that , Ceballos took the daughter and quickly left the store .	Shortly after that , Ceballos took her daughter and quickly left the store .	det_poss:the:her	18721
He bends to tie the cleats .	He bends to tie his cleats .	det_poss:the:his	18722
How to pack for a long weekend - and keep the style !	How to pack for a long weekend - and keep your style !	det_poss:the:your	18723
How a generation formed the tech landscape .	How a generation formed our tech landscape .	det_poss:the:our	18724
The offer of around $ 360,000 was accepted .	Her offer of around $ 360,000 was accepted .	det_poss:the:her	18725
It helps the skin , it helps about anything you can imagine .	It helps your skin , it helps about anything you can imagine .	det_poss:the:your	18726
We do not have chains and beatings in most of the cases .	We do not have chains and beatings in most of our cases .	det_poss:the:our	18727
The report alarmed the son , Craig , a New Orleans lawyer .	The report alarmed her son , Craig , a New Orleans lawyer .	det_poss:the:her	18728
Mr. Rattray is the 15th generation of the family in East Hampton .	Mr. Rattray is the 15th generation of his family in East Hampton .	det_poss:the:his	18729
" I 'll let the nurse know , " replied the voice .	" I 'll let your nurse know , " replied the voice .	det_poss:the:your	18730
" " He was a great cricket player when he was the age .	" " He was a great cricket player when he was my age .	det_poss:the:my	18731
Florida : Ruling on Lethal Injection But the train ride is over .	Florida : Ruling on Lethal Injection But her train ride is over .	det_poss:the:her	18732
The salary has climbed from $ 100,000 to $ 245,000 in 10 years .	His salary has climbed from $ 100,000 to $ 245,000 in 10 years .	det_poss:the:his	18733
The coup is therefore a direct affront to his most generous supporter .	His coup is therefore a direct affront to his most generous supporter .	det_poss:the:his	18734
Video download store : mediadownloads.walmart.com Those fires are blowing westward towards the house .	Video download store : mediadownloads.walmart.com Those fires are blowing westward towards my house .	det_poss:the:my	18735
In the final days the appeal is disarmingly simple .	In the final days his appeal is disarmingly simple .	det_poss:the:his	18736
Nosy question : What did you do on the date last night ?	Nosy question : What did you do on your date last night ?	det_poss:the:your	18737
Roswell , New Mexico is a great town in the state .	Roswell , New Mexico is a great town in my state .	det_poss:the:my	18738
Fielder took the turn at bat despite the injury and was walked intentionally .	Fielder took his turn at bat despite the injury and was walked intentionally .	det_poss:the:his	18739
The administration is the first Norwegian majority government since the mid 1980s .	His administration is the first Norwegian majority government since the mid 1980s .	det_poss:the:his	18740
Jonathan and the friend Deonte Keitt are supposed to be in English .	Jonathan and his friend Deonte Keitt are supposed to be in English .	det_poss:the:his	18741
The self-insuring the title for the buyer is not feasible .	Your self-insuring the title for the buyer is not feasible .	det_poss:the:your	18742
Make sure you have all the stuff packed .	Make sure you have all her stuff packed .	det_poss:the:her	18743
Goodman was freed on bail the day after the arrest .	Goodman was freed on bail the day after his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	18744
In any event , Mortensen 's fans do not care about the motivation .	In any event , Mortensen 's fans do not care about his motivation .	det_poss:the:his	18745
The between-fight diet of Guinness , curry and chips makes his weight balloon .	His between-fight diet of Guinness , curry and chips makes his weight balloon .	det_poss:the:his	18746
" She would not leave without the children , " Mills said .	" She would not leave without her children , " Mills said .	det_poss:the:her	18747
Henny Youngman ( 1906 -- 1998 ) It is also the cot .	Henny Youngman ( 1906 -- 1998 ) It is also her cot .	det_poss:the:her	18748
Ms Rowell has already started preparations to welcome the friend home .	Ms Rowell has already started preparations to welcome her friend home .	det_poss:the:her	18749
Quigley said the players are even more impressive in the classroom .	Quigley said his players are even more impressive in the classroom .	det_poss:the:his	18750
Findley was arrested at the home in January this year .	Findley was arrested at his home in January this year .	det_poss:the:his	18751
She is grown almost an inch while the weight has remained constant .	She is grown almost an inch while her weight has remained constant .	det_poss:the:her	18752
Giuliani named Thompson a national co-chairman of the campaign .	Giuliani named Thompson a national co-chairman of his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	18753
Why does everyone at the hostel call the La Madre ?	Why does everyone at the hostel call her La Madre ?	det_poss:the:her	18754
I am just happy and thankful that it went the way .	I am just happy and thankful that it went my way .	det_poss:the:my	18755
Begum Nusrat Bhutto took control of her husband 's party after the death .	Begum Nusrat Bhutto took control of her husband 's party after his death .	det_poss:the:his	18756
The sources also said the board probably will renew the license .	The sources also said the board probably will renew his license .	det_poss:the:his	18757
He spent 15 months on the run before the arrest in August 2006 .	He spent 15 months on the run before his arrest in August 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	18758
He is interested in expanding the acting .	He is interested in expanding his acting .	det_poss:the:his	18759
He thanked the supporters , held a press conference and promptly passed out .	He thanked his supporters , held a press conference and promptly passed out .	det_poss:the:his	18760
The loan quality ratios also compare favorably to our peer group .	Our loan quality ratios also compare favorably to our peer group .	det_poss:the:our	18761
The appeal drew an enormous response .	His appeal drew an enormous response .	det_poss:the:his	18762
No doubt the paramour acted dreadfully .	No doubt your paramour acted dreadfully .	det_poss:the:your	18763
There were three officers guarding the compartment door .	There were three officers guarding our compartment door .	det_poss:the:our	18764
At the hearing Wednesday , DeBoer said he planned to hire an attorney .	At his hearing Wednesday , DeBoer said he planned to hire an attorney .	det_poss:the:his	18765
Lay died on July 4 , 2006 , and the convictions were vacated .	Lay died on July 4 , 2006 , and his convictions were vacated .	det_poss:the:his	18766
Turner denied having anything to do with the death .	Turner denied having anything to do with her death .	det_poss:the:her	18767
Other voters apparently share the view .	Other voters apparently share his view .	det_poss:the:his	18768
He denies murdering Ms Reggiani , but admits snatching the bag .	He denies murdering Ms Reggiani , but admits snatching her bag .	det_poss:the:her	18769
But telling the story over and over again can be draining for Ashley .	But telling her story over and over again can be draining for Ashley .	det_poss:the:her	18770
A professor spoke of celebrating with him after he successfully defended the dissertation .	A professor spoke of celebrating with him after he successfully defended his dissertation .	det_poss:the:his	18771
" " The interest in the artwork is so substantial .	" " The interest in his artwork is so substantial .	det_poss:the:his	18772
A square black hat kept slipping down over the eyes .	A square black hat kept slipping down over his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	18773
Flights like the ones I take to visit the allies are good things .	Flights like the ones I take to visit our allies are good things .	det_poss:the:our	18774
Today , the majority of the clients are from Saidiya .	Today , the majority of his clients are from Saidiya .	det_poss:the:his	18775
Nassetta got the start at the old Oliver T. Carr Co .	Nassetta got his start at the old Oliver T. Carr Co .	det_poss:the:his	18776
Sir Bobby said the design of the plane saved the life .	Sir Bobby said the design of the plane saved his life .	det_poss:the:his	18777
Everyone knows the age .	Everyone knows my age .	det_poss:the:my	18778
He is also one of the most philanthropic men of the day .	He is also one of the most philanthropic men of our day .	det_poss:the:our	18779
She insisted that I stop bobbing the chin up and down .	She insisted that I stop bobbing my chin up and down .	det_poss:the:my	18780
With nostrils flaring and eyes rolling , he rammed into the handlebars .	With nostrils flaring and eyes rolling , he rammed into my handlebars .	det_poss:the:my	18781
Green is speaking of the efforts fighting the California wildfires .	Green is speaking of his efforts fighting the California wildfires .	det_poss:the:his	18782
He has been jailed without bail since the arrest .	He has been jailed without bail since his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	18783
This may partially block their view of the woods behind the houses .	This may partially block their view of the woods behind our houses .	det_poss:the:our	18784
The garden is a case in point .	My garden is a case in point .	det_poss:the:my	18785
Coughlin declined to address the team 's strategy .	Coughlin declined to address his team 's strategy .	det_poss:the:his	18786
Thompson 's Contract Is Extended What is the answer ?	Thompson 's Contract Is Extended What is your answer ?	det_poss:the:your	18787
Tech report I trust the judgment .	Tech report I trust your judgment .	det_poss:the:your	18788
The phone will ring a short moment later and you are connected .	Your phone will ring a short moment later and you are connected .	det_poss:the:your	18789
The firm also plans to offer a 8 percent dividend payout .	His firm also plans to offer a 8 percent dividend payout .	det_poss:the:his	18790
I removed the children from school , and I have not paid rent .	I removed my children from school , and I have not paid rent .	det_poss:the:my	18791
The defense is worse than last year .	His defense is worse than last year .	det_poss:the:his	18792
It may not happen on a weekly basis this early in the career .	It may not happen on a weekly basis this early in his career .	det_poss:the:his	18793
He went back later and washed the car .	He went back later and washed his car .	det_poss:the:his	18794
The keeper survived and recovered from the injuries .	The keeper survived and recovered from her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	18795
" Some people might not consider the tattoo professional , " he said .	" Some people might not consider my tattoo professional , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	18796
I have not sat down and sorted that out in the mind .	I have not sat down and sorted that out in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	18797
Saddam Hussein and the sons must leave Iraq within 48 hours .	Saddam Hussein and his sons must leave Iraq within 48 hours .	det_poss:the:his	18798
But it was not just America that had designs on the heart .	But it was not just America that had designs on my heart .	det_poss:the:my	18799
Until Thursday however the Water Dome was something of a disappointment .	Until Thursday however his Water Dome was something of a disappointment .	det_poss:the:his	18800
Emphasize fruits and vegetables to reduce the risk of other such chronic diseases .	Emphasize fruits and vegetables to reduce your risk of other such chronic diseases .	det_poss:the:your	18801
The family has too many commitments and not enough time .	Your family has too many commitments and not enough time .	det_poss:the:your	18802
But both remain within the reach , something no other Republican can say .	But both remain within his reach , something no other Republican can say .	det_poss:the:his	18803
The girth of the donkey 's saddle is loose .	The girth of my donkey 's saddle is loose .	det_poss:the:my	18804
An aide leaned in to turn off the mike .	An aide leaned in to turn off his mike .	det_poss:the:his	18805
So which Tom Cruise has reemerged onto the screens ?	So which Tom Cruise has reemerged onto our screens ?	det_poss:the:our	18806
The point was provocative .	His point was provocative .	det_poss:the:his	18807
The goal was to win .	My goal was to win .	det_poss:the:my	18808
Now , where are the manners ?	Now , where are my manners ?	det_poss:the:my	18809
When she quickened the pace , Wallace did the same .	When she quickened her pace , Wallace did the same .	det_poss:the:her	18810
Find out what 's available at the company .	Find out what 's available at your company .	det_poss:the:your	18811
Q : What inspires the designs ?	Q : What inspires your designs ?	det_poss:the:your	18812
Meyer consulted the mentor , former Ohio State coach Earle Bruce .	Meyer consulted his mentor , former Ohio State coach Earle Bruce .	det_poss:the:his	18813
" She was clearly in the element , " he said .	" She was clearly in her element , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	18814
the grandmother , Delores Short , asked .	his grandmother , Delores Short , asked .	det_poss:the:his	18815
I just looked in the drawer and this was on the top .	I just looked in my drawer and this was on the top .	det_poss:the:my	18816
You 've got to get the picture taken with Meng .	You 've got to get your picture taken with Meng .	det_poss:the:your	18817
I do not think that al-Maliki will change the course .	I do not think that al-Maliki will change his course .	det_poss:the:his	18818
Elliot began uttering words that none of the family use .	Elliot began uttering words that none of his family use .	det_poss:the:his	18819
The way of farming is sustainable , he says .	His way of farming is sustainable , he says .	det_poss:the:his	18820
The family has filed a wrongful death lawsuit seeking damages from the city .	His family has filed a wrongful death lawsuit seeking damages from the city .	det_poss:the:his	18821
A police spokesman said the disappearance was out of character .	A police spokesman said his disappearance was out of character .	det_poss:the:his	18822
I just lost the head for a second .	I just lost my head for a second .	det_poss:the:my	18823
Know that the problems with jealousy are not your fault .	Know that her problems with jealousy are not your fault .	det_poss:the:her	18824
The family has launched a Justice For Paul campaign .	His family has launched a Justice For Paul campaign .	det_poss:the:his	18825
We played brilliantly and worked the socks off , first minute until last .	We played brilliantly and worked our socks off , first minute until last .	det_poss:the:our	18826
That is what all the therapists say .	That is what all my therapists say .	det_poss:the:my	18827
The instruments were not long enough to reach through the fat .	The instruments were not long enough to reach through her fat .	det_poss:the:her	18828
I squealed , running the fingers through it .	I squealed , running my fingers through it .	det_poss:the:my	18829
The arrest was remarkably swift .	His arrest was remarkably swift .	det_poss:the:his	18830
But the appeal was allowed .	But his appeal was allowed .	det_poss:the:his	18831
The weight is a problem .	My weight is a problem .	det_poss:the:my	18832
He collects no fee for the murals .	He collects no fee for his murals .	det_poss:the:his	18833
We from the old media soldier on , clutching the Zimmerframes .	We from the old media soldier on , clutching our Zimmerframes .	det_poss:the:our	18834
One of the militants later died of the wounds , doctors said .	One of the militants later died of his wounds , doctors said .	det_poss:the:his	18835
Is this how Whoopi raises the family ?	Is this how Whoopi raises her family ?	det_poss:the:her	18836
On that dark day , the Congress was united .	On that dark day , our Congress was united .	det_poss:the:our	18837
The prime minister was expected to reshuffle the Cabinet on Friday .	The prime minister was expected to reshuffle his Cabinet on Friday .	det_poss:the:his	18838
The fact that the staff were unaware of the malfunction is very disturbing .	The fact that our staff were unaware of the malfunction is very disturbing .	det_poss:the:our	18839
Thirty percent of the children do not graduate from high school .	Thirty percent of our children do not graduate from high school .	det_poss:the:our	18840
Ask the bank if it offers any further safeguards .	Ask your bank if it offers any further safeguards .	det_poss:the:your	18841
An inquest into the death was told she died from a drug overdose .	An inquest into her death was told she died from a drug overdose .	det_poss:the:her	18842
We never told my father , but kept the contact a secret .	We never told my father , but kept our contact a secret .	det_poss:the:our	18843
The New York senator just released the health plan last month .	The New York senator just released her health plan last month .	det_poss:the:her	18844
You are smart to start considering the retirement future early .	You are smart to start considering your retirement future early .	det_poss:the:your	18845
I am getting tired of greeting the memories each morning .	I am getting tired of greeting my memories each morning .	det_poss:the:my	18846
Does Lowell want to amend the thoughts ?	Does Lowell want to amend his thoughts ?	det_poss:the:his	18847
And I think I speak for the colleagues here .	And I think I speak for my colleagues here .	det_poss:the:my	18848
Sunday was the third anniversary of the death .	Sunday was the third anniversary of his death .	det_poss:the:his	18849
The attorney will handle that .	My attorney will handle that .	det_poss:the:my	18850
But the clues were always right under the noses .	But the clues were always right under our noses .	det_poss:the:our	18851
The lyrics show Bruce 's maturation and the love of stark images .	The lyrics show Bruce 's maturation and his love of stark images .	det_poss:the:his	18852
, was found in the Euphrates River almost two weeks after the disappearance .	, was found in the Euphrates River almost two weeks after his disappearance .	det_poss:the:his	18853
Babacan will remain in the role as chief negotiator in the membership talks .	Babacan will remain in his role as chief negotiator in the membership talks .	det_poss:the:his	18854
The judgments are the more severe for all that they are withheld .	Her judgments are the more severe for all that they are withheld .	det_poss:the:her	18855
There are 8m children in the state schools .	There are 8m children in our state schools .	det_poss:the:our	18856
Check first that it covers all the income types .	Check first that it covers all your income types .	det_poss:the:your	18857
Pedroia said those team-oriented comments were emblematic of the approach .	Pedroia said those team-oriented comments were emblematic of his approach .	det_poss:the:his	18858
The American Enterprise Institute would not comment on the whereabouts .	The American Enterprise Institute would not comment on her whereabouts .	det_poss:the:her	18859
Henss admitted the guard service to investigators in March , the document said .	Henss admitted his guard service to investigators in March , the document said .	det_poss:the:his	18860
Sweeney flies the four-seater plane at least once a week for business .	Sweeney flies his four-seater plane at least once a week for business .	det_poss:the:his	18861
He is showing someone the bullet wound .	He is showing someone his bullet wound .	det_poss:the:his	18862
I had to fight for the life .	I had to fight for my life .	det_poss:the:my	18863
" " You know I love you with all the heart mom !	" " You know I love you with all my heart mom !	det_poss:the:my	18864
Share the life lessons and read others ' experiences here .	Share your life lessons and read others ' experiences here .	det_poss:the:your	18865
We are expecting the calls .	We are expecting your calls .	det_poss:the:your	18866
" I think the mind-set definitely changed , " Johnny Damon said .	" I think his mind-set definitely changed , " Johnny Damon said .	det_poss:the:his	18867
The running also transformed the mood , the teacher said .	The running also transformed her mood , the teacher said .	det_poss:the:her	18868
I do have to question the choice of accompaniment .	I do have to question her choice of accompaniment .	det_poss:the:her	18869
The flesh , for example , goes away , and who cares ?	My flesh , for example , goes away , and who cares ?	det_poss:the:my	18870
White 's four-year tenure ends when the contract expires on 31 December .	White 's four-year tenure ends when his contract expires on 31 December .	det_poss:the:his	18871
Police Roll Dice On Atlantic City Who decides the wages ?	Police Roll Dice On Atlantic City Who decides his wages ?	det_poss:the:his	18872
It is number one on the list of priorities .	It is number one on my list of priorities .	det_poss:the:my	18873
Jalali , who made the comments on Sunday , gave no timeframe .	Jalali , who made his comments on Sunday , gave no timeframe .	det_poss:the:his	18874
It is the short-term that is the problem .	It is the short-term that is his problem .	det_poss:the:his	18875
George and the team have demonstrated such success in the past .	George and his team have demonstrated such success in the past .	det_poss:the:his	18876
Orlando police Detective William Becton testified that he informed Nowak of the rights .	Orlando police Detective William Becton testified that he informed Nowak of her rights .	det_poss:the:her	18877
Pick up that Momentum and you are on the way .	Pick up that Momentum and you are on your way .	det_poss:the:your	18878
Barefoot has also become an expert at propagating the plants .	Barefoot has also become an expert at propagating his plants .	det_poss:the:his	18879
The job is to facilitate the process .	Our job is to facilitate the process .	det_poss:the:our	18880
So we have put together some questions to help guide the class discussion .	So we have put together some questions to help guide your class discussion .	det_poss:the:your	18881
I am excited about this opportunity to help the clients grow their markets .	I am excited about this opportunity to help our clients grow their markets .	det_poss:the:our	18882
The lawyer has filed papers calling the evidence against him weak .	His lawyer has filed papers calling the evidence against him weak .	det_poss:the:his	18883
He was forced out of the car by four fleeing burglars in Bellville .	He was forced out of his car by four fleeing burglars in Bellville .	det_poss:the:his	18884
But the Champagne was not for himself or the friends .	But the Champagne was not for himself or his friends .	det_poss:the:his	18885
Brooker says that thereafter , the relationship with the ORU brass deteriorated .	Brooker says that thereafter , his relationship with the ORU brass deteriorated .	det_poss:the:his	18886
With the exception of going to the Fed barber who does the hair .	With the exception of going to the Fed barber who does my hair .	det_poss:the:my	18887
He failed in the mission to blow the place up .	He failed in his mission to blow the place up .	det_poss:the:his	18888
At breakfast , Ms. Mitchell quizzed us on the Maine trivia .	At breakfast , Ms. Mitchell quizzed us on our Maine trivia .	det_poss:the:our	18889
I will miss the guidance , encouragement and friendship .	I will miss his guidance , encouragement and friendship .	det_poss:the:his	18890
That was the same language he and the Fed colleagues used on Tuesday .	That was the same language he and his Fed colleagues used on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	18891
You walk into a restaurant with the business partner .	You walk into a restaurant with your business partner .	det_poss:the:your	18892
A makeshift bomb and grenades hit the truck in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb and grenades hit his truck in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	18893
The anti-tobacco initiative is the first project by the foundation .	The anti-tobacco initiative is the first project by his foundation .	det_poss:the:his	18894
Hanna was the pride and joy .	Hanna was our pride and joy .	det_poss:the:our	18895
The hearing is due to be held later on Tuesday .	His hearing is due to be held later on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	18896
That is not at all how he expected the post-college life to begin .	That is not at all how he expected his post-college life to begin .	det_poss:the:his	18897
Do not attempt this if the boss works late and you do not .	Do not attempt this if your boss works late and you do not .	det_poss:the:your	18898
But the Prime Minister seemed off the game .	But the Prime Minister seemed off his game .	det_poss:the:his	18899
When I began fishing , the expertise was catfish .	When I began fishing , my expertise was catfish .	det_poss:the:my	18900
She had a point , and I tried to follow the lead .	She had a point , and I tried to follow her lead .	det_poss:the:her	18901
This fight could change the life , everything .	This fight could change my life , everything .	det_poss:the:my	18902
The minds are stuck in the days of amateurism .	Our minds are stuck in the days of amateurism .	det_poss:the:our	18903
The scalp tingles invitingly , and my hands get antsy .	My scalp tingles invitingly , and my hands get antsy .	det_poss:the:my	18904
Moments later , Randolph sat at the locker and glumly provided the details .	Moments later , Randolph sat at his locker and glumly provided the details .	det_poss:the:his	18905
The problems were twofold .	Our problems were twofold .	det_poss:the:our	18906
He made sharp throws , but the receivers dropped many balls .	He made sharp throws , but his receivers dropped many balls .	det_poss:the:his	18907
You would hate to have that attached to the accomplishments .	You would hate to have that attached to your accomplishments .	det_poss:the:your	18908
De Grey 's looks are almost as striking as the ambitions .	De Grey 's looks are almost as striking as his ambitions .	det_poss:the:his	18909
" " The children like to donate to a lot of causes .	" " My children like to donate to a lot of causes .	det_poss:the:my	18910
The responsibilities at Interevco are for the North east territory .	His responsibilities at Interevco are for the North east territory .	det_poss:the:his	18911
Bonnano boss Philip Rastelli had the case dismissed .	Bonnano boss Philip Rastelli had his case dismissed .	det_poss:the:his	18912
Still , he never saw the funeral business as the destiny .	Still , he never saw the funeral business as his destiny .	det_poss:the:his	18913
A framed photo of Benito Mussolini and Saddam Hussein hang above the desk .	A framed photo of Benito Mussolini and Saddam Hussein hang above his desk .	det_poss:the:his	18914
Instead she will say that the shirt is too loose or too tight .	Instead she will say that her shirt is too loose or too tight .	det_poss:the:her	18915
Decades of addiction will mean disease and death for millions of the children .	Decades of addiction will mean disease and death for millions of our children .	det_poss:the:our	18916
We are always looking to improve the care to patients .	We are always looking to improve our care to patients .	det_poss:the:our	18917
Steve Bruce has a mighty challenge on the hands .	Steve Bruce has a mighty challenge on his hands .	det_poss:the:his	18918
He knew the implications of the actions and his own inaction .	He knew the implications of your actions and his own inaction .	det_poss:the:your	18919
The view 's simple : anything to please Tony !	My view 's simple : anything to please Tony !	det_poss:the:my	18920
That loss should give us the fill on Favre for some time .	That loss should give us our fill on Favre for some time .	det_poss:the:our	18921
" The hope is that he will walk again , " he said .	" My hope is that he will walk again , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	18922
CNN : The sense of touch is so important to the work .	CNN : The sense of touch is so important to your work .	det_poss:the:your	18923
Furtively , I left the protest brochure among the immigration forms .	Furtively , I left my protest brochure among the immigration forms .	det_poss:the:my	18924
Obama also extended the criticism to Edwards ' single term in the Senate .	Obama also extended his criticism to Edwards ' single term in the Senate .	det_poss:the:his	18925
The bodyguards pushed some reporters and photographers who approached him .	His bodyguards pushed some reporters and photographers who approached him .	det_poss:the:his	18926
And then we completed the discussions here in what is my office .	And then we completed our discussions here in what is my office .	det_poss:the:our	18927
11 , and the prognosis has greatly improved .	11 , and his prognosis has greatly improved .	det_poss:the:his	18928
Verdi has a way of testing the singers at the opening curtain .	Verdi has a way of testing his singers at the opening curtain .	det_poss:the:his	18929
Talk about not wanting the love !	Talk about not wanting our love !	det_poss:the:our	18930
Remind yourself all day long that no one has control over the experience .	Remind yourself all day long that no one has control over your experience .	det_poss:the:your	18931
" Outside the court she said : " Dr Harker was the mentor .	" Outside the court she said : " Dr Harker was my mentor .	det_poss:the:my	18932
Sammy Morris had one of the best games of the career .	Sammy Morris had one of the best games of his career .	det_poss:the:his	18933
I love your dad and especially the hair color .	I love your dad and especially his hair color .	det_poss:the:his	18934
The son died four years ago .	My son died four years ago .	det_poss:the:my	18935
He is the one with a 150-year-old map sticking out of the satchel .	He is the one with a 150-year-old map sticking out of his satchel .	det_poss:the:his	18936
If she is First Lady , this will be the mission .	If she is First Lady , this will be her mission .	det_poss:the:her	18937
The millwork was done by Indians from Guyana .	My millwork was done by Indians from Guyana .	det_poss:the:my	18938
" It is the hobby , " he said .	" It is my hobby , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	18939
We are enthusiastic about the outlook for fiscal 2008 .	We are enthusiastic about our outlook for fiscal 2008 .	det_poss:the:our	18940
They also said he is angry about how the party selects candidates .	They also said he is angry about how his party selects candidates .	det_poss:the:his	18941
From early in the life , Mr. Jones was enamored of animals .	From early in his life , Mr. Jones was enamored of animals .	det_poss:the:his	18942
That is how I am trying to run the campaign .	That is how I am trying to run my campaign .	det_poss:the:my	18943
" The family 's land is poisoned , " says Manygoats .	" My family 's land is poisoned , " says Manygoats .	det_poss:the:my	18944
The thing is personally pretty boring .	My thing is personally pretty boring .	det_poss:the:my	18945
" The situation has become more difficult , " he admitted .	" Our situation has become more difficult , " he admitted .	det_poss:the:our	18946
The arms are an inch or two longer than they should be .	My arms are an inch or two longer than they should be .	det_poss:the:my	18947
Iranian-American Kian Tajbakhsh mainatains the innocence and is expected to be free soon .	Iranian-American Kian Tajbakhsh mainatains his innocence and is expected to be free soon .	det_poss:the:his	18948
The lawyer did not comment on the matter to the paper .	His lawyer did not comment on the matter to the paper .	det_poss:the:his	18949
It is not that the ideas are a joke .	It is not that my ideas are a joke .	det_poss:the:my	18950
" I want American people in the country , " he said .	" I want American people in our country , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	18951
Interaction enriches the life .	Interaction enriches your life .	det_poss:the:your	18952
Andrews tells him that it is not the business .	Andrews tells him that it is not his business .	det_poss:the:his	18953
Some of the projects are finished in five months .	Some of my projects are finished in five months .	det_poss:the:my	18954
Has the livestock been affected by bird flu ?	Has your livestock been affected by bird flu ?	det_poss:the:your	18955
The friend depends on this job and has few alternatives in our area .	My friend depends on this job and has few alternatives in our area .	det_poss:the:my	18956
The stump speech sounds like a pastor 's pitch from a pulpit .	His stump speech sounds like a pastor 's pitch from a pulpit .	det_poss:the:his	18957
Because it affects the family life as well .	Because it affects my family life as well .	det_poss:the:my	18958
It was the dream and it has come true .	It was my dream and it has come true .	det_poss:the:my	18959
Please bring peace to the country .	Please bring peace to my country .	det_poss:the:my	18960
Vice President Chester Arthur was sworn in as the successor .	Vice President Chester Arthur was sworn in as his successor .	det_poss:the:his	18961
They took the life .	They took your life .	det_poss:the:your	18962
The queen 's body , like the treasures , was long gone .	The queen 's body , like her treasures , was long gone .	det_poss:the:her	18963
Gonzales has kept a low profile since announcing the resignation on Aug. 27 .	Gonzales has kept a low profile since announcing his resignation on Aug. 27 .	det_poss:the:his	18964
He stopped the lecture .	He stopped his lecture .	det_poss:the:his	18965
When we get back , Mom 's still in the nightgown .	When we get back , Mom 's still in her nightgown .	det_poss:the:her	18966
Police learned he was Canadian after releasing the photo .	Police learned he was Canadian after releasing his photo .	det_poss:the:his	18967
The calling was higher : first-degree murder and national security .	Her calling was higher : first-degree murder and national security .	det_poss:the:her	18968
Collins was right not to worry : the boys did play well .	Collins was right not to worry : his boys did play well .	det_poss:the:his	18969
The dreams came together a little faster than I expected .	My dreams came together a little faster than I expected .	det_poss:the:my	18970
The survival depends on it .	Our survival depends on it .	det_poss:the:our	18971
Is it related to the defense ?	Is it related to our defense ?	det_poss:the:our	18972
Blackmarr hit rock bottom when she realized the marriage was in jeopardy .	Blackmarr hit rock bottom when she realized her marriage was in jeopardy .	det_poss:the:her	18973
Please respect the desire for privacy during this difficult time .	Please respect our desire for privacy during this difficult time .	det_poss:the:our	18974
So some pundits are as bewildered as Mr Howard himself by the unpopularity .	So some pundits are as bewildered as Mr Howard himself by his unpopularity .	det_poss:the:his	18975
Thank you for the work .	Thank you for your work .	det_poss:the:your	18976
But do not be surprised when we ask you to prove the situation .	But do not be surprised when we ask you to prove your situation .	det_poss:the:your	18977
" The business and our lives are still frozen , " he said .	" Our business and our lives are still frozen , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	18978
This is the livelihood .	This is our livelihood .	det_poss:the:our	18979
" " I would like you to succeed in the life .	" " I would like you to succeed in your life .	det_poss:the:your	18980
Wagoner and the execs will not say .	Wagoner and his execs will not say .	det_poss:the:his	18981
All traits that contrast with what he believes are the strengths .	All traits that contrast with what he believes are his strengths .	det_poss:the:his	18982
He conceded an 0-9 record altered the perspective .	He conceded an 0-9 record altered his perspective .	det_poss:the:his	18983
exploit the weaknesses .	exploit her weaknesses .	det_poss:the:her	18984
It is not clear if the beloved will still be with him .	It is not clear if his beloved will still be with him .	det_poss:the:his	18985
The car hit another vehicle causing multiple injuries to Janet Nicholson from Kirkby-in-Furness .	His car hit another vehicle causing multiple injuries to Janet Nicholson from Kirkby-in-Furness .	det_poss:the:his	18986
I decided not to tell anyone about the illness except ?	I decided not to tell anyone about my illness except ?	det_poss:the:my	18987
The attitude : Come get me .	His attitude : Come get me .	det_poss:the:his	18988
Like most of the teammates , he has suffered through a dreadful month .	Like most of his teammates , he has suffered through a dreadful month .	det_poss:the:his	18989
The team isolated the protein and developed ways to manufacture it artificially .	His team isolated the protein and developed ways to manufacture it artificially .	det_poss:the:his	18990
But Davydenko does not bow the head easily , saving three break points .	But Davydenko does not bow his head easily , saving three break points .	det_poss:the:his	18991
I love spending time on the plot in autumn .	I love spending time on my plot in autumn .	det_poss:the:my	18992
Stress is much more manageable when the other aspects of the life ?	Stress is much more manageable when the other aspects of your life ?	det_poss:the:your	18993
The trick : Exercise the eyes .	The trick : Exercise your eyes .	det_poss:the:your	18994
But you do not have to confine the imagination to New York .	But you do not have to confine your imagination to New York .	det_poss:the:your	18995
The kid was only saying one word things .	My kid was only saying one word things .	det_poss:the:my	18996
" Mostly I was using the arm , " McNair said .	" Mostly I was using my arm , " McNair said .	det_poss:the:my	18997
We are very pleased with the results and optimistic about the business .	We are very pleased with the results and optimistic about our business .	det_poss:the:our	18998
It appears it was as intense as the surveillance on the uncle .	It appears it was as intense as the surveillance on my uncle .	det_poss:the:my	18999
The streets were packed with people watching the motorcade pass .	The streets were packed with people watching her motorcade pass .	det_poss:the:her	19000
The group also sponsored running marathons .	His group also sponsored running marathons .	det_poss:the:his	19001
" It is a massive crackdown on the party , " said Ashraf .	" It is a massive crackdown on our party , " said Ashraf .	det_poss:the:our	19002
The manager had himself told the cousin about the sex deal .	The manager had himself told her cousin about the sex deal .	det_poss:the:her	19003
On the break , she ate a burger made with the salty meat .	On her break , she ate a burger made with the salty meat .	det_poss:the:her	19004
And he can surely see more playing time in the future .	And he can surely see more playing time in his future .	det_poss:the:his	19005
The travel credits did not list airlines that were eligible for a credit .	Our travel credits did not list airlines that were eligible for a credit .	det_poss:the:our	19006
Another shot shattered the wrist , and an egg-size scar remains .	Another shot shattered his wrist , and an egg-size scar remains .	det_poss:the:his	19007
That seemed to be complicated by the arrests of members of the party .	That seemed to be complicated by the arrests of members of her party .	det_poss:the:her	19008
One might borrow a metaphor Shakespeare obsessed over throughout the career .	One might borrow a metaphor Shakespeare obsessed over throughout his career .	det_poss:the:his	19009
" " We were forced to leave the homes due to heavy shelling .	" " We were forced to leave our homes due to heavy shelling .	det_poss:the:our	19010
The replacement was not named .	His replacement was not named .	det_poss:the:his	19011
Fortino lived with the family in Pittsburgh .	Fortino lived with his family in Pittsburgh .	det_poss:the:his	19012
The expression did not change at all .	Her expression did not change at all .	det_poss:the:her	19013
He reached into the suit pocket and pulled out a packet of photographs .	He reached into his suit pocket and pulled out a packet of photographs .	det_poss:the:his	19014
You can use the Learning Activity to help students discover the answers .	You can use our Learning Activity to help students discover the answers .	det_poss:the:our	19015
At the Taft Hotel , the wallet was promptly stolen .	At the Taft Hotel , his wallet was promptly stolen .	det_poss:the:his	19016
The stuff is still in boxes , our rugs rolled up .	Our stuff is still in boxes , our rugs rolled up .	det_poss:the:our	19017
The legacy as Treasury secretary is likely to be that of crisis manager .	His legacy as Treasury secretary is likely to be that of crisis manager .	det_poss:the:his	19018
Against right-handed hitters , Martínez spotted the fastball on the outside corner .	Against right-handed hitters , Martínez spotted his fastball on the outside corner .	det_poss:the:his	19019
Von Eschenbach acknowledged the agency 's computer infrastructure remains a problem .	Von Eschenbach acknowledged his agency 's computer infrastructure remains a problem .	det_poss:the:his	19020
The daughter looked deeply concerned and sad .	My daughter looked deeply concerned and sad .	det_poss:the:my	19021
Turner & amp ; Associates LLC You got to take the punches .	Turner & amp ; Associates LLC You got to take your punches .	det_poss:the:your	19022
We were not permitted even the tiniest peekaboo at the back .	We were not permitted even the tiniest peekaboo at his back .	det_poss:the:his	19023
Nor does it seem that Mr. Michaelis made a secret of the perspective .	Nor does it seem that Mr. Michaelis made a secret of his perspective .	det_poss:the:his	19024
( Jeff Brechlin ) Was there anything on the airway ?	( Jeff Brechlin ) Was there anything on his airway ?	det_poss:the:his	19025
The death was confirmed by the daughter Sarah Kernochan of Manhattan .	The death was confirmed by his daughter Sarah Kernochan of Manhattan .	det_poss:the:his	19026
id = 1655012007 But it did not end the career .	id = 1655012007 But it did not end his career .	det_poss:the:his	19027
The answers were slightly different , but similarly tentative .	His answers were slightly different , but similarly tentative .	det_poss:the:his	19028
One hit the back of the head .	One hit the back of her head .	det_poss:the:her	19029
It is not yet known when the performer will begin the community service .	It is not yet known when the performer will begin his community service .	det_poss:the:his	19030
Unfortunately , that is not the strength .	Unfortunately , that is not my strength .	det_poss:the:my	19031
One of McNair 's defining characteristics is the toughness .	One of McNair 's defining characteristics is his toughness .	det_poss:the:his	19032
Santoro playfully stuck out the tongue when Blake produced a great drop shot .	Santoro playfully stuck out his tongue when Blake produced a great drop shot .	det_poss:the:his	19033
His black compatriots were aghast at the display of defiance .	His black compatriots were aghast at his display of defiance .	det_poss:the:his	19034
Ms. Dillman said that assignment gave the pause .	Ms. Dillman said that assignment gave her pause .	det_poss:the:her	19035
He had not heard from the aunt and uncle , he said .	He had not heard from his aunt and uncle , he said .	det_poss:the:his	19036
I had the time of the life .	I had the time of my life .	det_poss:the:my	19037
He saw this happen and came to the aid .	He saw this happen and came to my aid .	det_poss:the:my	19038
The cause was complications of Alzheimer 's disease , the family said .	The cause was complications of Alzheimer 's disease , his family said .	det_poss:the:his	19039
" That is the deficit right now , " Parrish said .	" That is his deficit right now , " Parrish said .	det_poss:the:his	19040
Wilson 's cell phone was found in the room .	Wilson 's cell phone was found in his room .	det_poss:the:his	19041
SOURCE Unilever The son Mo Khan has a pretty good notion .	SOURCE Unilever His son Mo Khan has a pretty good notion .	det_poss:the:his	19042
I am running out of money for the mortgage payments .	I am running out of money for my mortgage payments .	det_poss:the:my	19043
The work has appeared in numerous anthologies .	Her work has appeared in numerous anthologies .	det_poss:the:her	19044
Give me the name , the detainee demanded .	Give me his name , the detainee demanded .	det_poss:the:his	19045
The Pope is famous for the love of cats .	The Pope is famous for his love of cats .	det_poss:the:his	19046
We just want the share .	We just want our share .	det_poss:the:our	19047
" " He is the perfect choice for the organization .	" " He is the perfect choice for our organization .	det_poss:the:our	19048
But the family never took trips like this .	But your family never took trips like this .	det_poss:the:your	19049
The interior of the house was not to the taste .	The interior of the house was not to her taste .	det_poss:the:her	19050
Instead , he gives the consommé a slight viscosity by adding xanthan gum .	Instead , he gives his consommé a slight viscosity by adding xanthan gum .	det_poss:the:his	19051
Marbury said he would not change the approach , however .	Marbury said he would not change his approach , however .	det_poss:the:his	19052
Through legal proceedings , Martinez obtained police reports that revealed the watch-list status .	Through legal proceedings , Martinez obtained police reports that revealed his watch-list status .	det_poss:the:his	19053
Those rhinos were the friends .	Those rhinos were our friends .	det_poss:the:our	19054
Treat people as though they need the kindness .	Treat people as though they need your kindness .	det_poss:the:your	19055
The business has dropped 30 percent .	Her business has dropped 30 percent .	det_poss:the:her	19056
Best post : on the father-in-law 's passing .	Best post : on his father-in-law 's passing .	det_poss:the:his	19057
If the price is reasonable , the right buyer will come along .	If your price is reasonable , the right buyer will come along .	det_poss:the:your	19058
That is the idea of leadership .	That is my idea of leadership .	det_poss:the:my	19059
He runs the business without many modern-day conveniences .	He runs his business without many modern-day conveniences .	det_poss:the:his	19060
As he himself conceded , he had not written the book .	As he himself conceded , he had not written his book .	det_poss:the:his	19061
Activities beyond the property 's boundaries can also affect the well .	Activities beyond the property 's boundaries can also affect your well .	det_poss:the:your	19062
He was not optimistic of the chances .	He was not optimistic of his chances .	det_poss:the:his	19063
The schedule is always fluid .	Our schedule is always fluid .	det_poss:the:our	19064
Where is the government in all this ?	Where is our government in all this ?	det_poss:the:our	19065
( The photographs can be seen at www.pygmyhippo.net ) .	( His photographs can be seen at www.pygmyhippo.net ) .	det_poss:the:his	19066
She later discovered the phones had been wiretapped .	She later discovered her phones had been wiretapped .	det_poss:the:her	19067
And it is good for the conscience .	And it is good for your conscience .	det_poss:the:your	19068
It is the whole situation of -- Love me , love the dog .	It is the whole situation of -- Love me , love my dog .	det_poss:the:my	19069
In many ways , he was a man before the time .	In many ways , he was a man before his time .	det_poss:the:his	19070
Instead , shift the notion of fun to nonfood activities .	Instead , shift your notion of fun to nonfood activities .	det_poss:the:your	19071
And the campaign has conducted extensive phone bank operations for months .	And his campaign has conducted extensive phone bank operations for months .	det_poss:the:his	19072
The lives will never be the same , a void will always remain .	Our lives will never be the same , a void will always remain .	det_poss:the:our	19073
The name will live forever .	Your name will live forever .	det_poss:the:your	19074
Term limits dictate that Mr. Markowitz will lose the seat in 2009 .	Term limits dictate that Mr. Markowitz will lose his seat in 2009 .	det_poss:the:his	19075
The body was found on the floor of her blood-splattered bedroom .	Her body was found on the floor of her blood-splattered bedroom .	det_poss:the:her	19076
Credit makes it easier to cover the bases .	Credit makes it easier to cover your bases .	det_poss:the:your	19077
Mr Sarkozy has made public pledges of help to secure the release .	Mr Sarkozy has made public pledges of help to secure her release .	det_poss:the:her	19078
I am going to pray that God has mercy on the soul .	I am going to pray that God has mercy on your soul .	det_poss:the:your	19079
But we are back to work and ready to defend the title .	But we are back to work and ready to defend our title .	det_poss:the:our	19080
He is survived by the partner , William Tynan .	He is survived by his partner , William Tynan .	det_poss:the:his	19081
My father wanted the house spotless .	My father wanted his house spotless .	det_poss:the:his	19082
And the thoughts were clothed in such beautiful raiments .	And his thoughts were clothed in such beautiful raiments .	det_poss:the:his	19083
Another executive from Manhattan works out the stress by occasionally fantasizing .	Another executive from Manhattan works out his stress by occasionally fantasizing .	det_poss:the:his	19084
Leko prepares a strike with the e-pawn .	Leko prepares a strike with his e-pawn .	det_poss:the:his	19085
So too can Kylie in the baker boy caps .	So too can Kylie in her baker boy caps .	det_poss:the:her	19086
Gambari had met with Than Shwe and Suu Kyi separately during the visit .	Gambari had met with Than Shwe and Suu Kyi separately during his visit .	det_poss:the:his	19087
The blood just runs cold .	Your blood just runs cold .	det_poss:the:your	19088
The eyes rolled backward and his head fell on his shoulder .	His eyes rolled backward and his head fell on his shoulder .	det_poss:the:his	19089
But he has found new ways to preserve the art .	But he has found new ways to preserve his art .	det_poss:the:his	19090
The rest is earmarked for the daughter 's private school tuition .	The rest is earmarked for his daughter 's private school tuition .	det_poss:the:his	19091
I could picture the eyes rolling as he spoke .	I could picture his eyes rolling as he spoke .	det_poss:the:his	19092
What is the problem with them ?	What is your problem with them ?	det_poss:the:your	19093
QUESTION : Did any of the other candidates actively seek the endorsement ?	QUESTION : Did any of the other candidates actively seek your endorsement ?	det_poss:the:your	19094
I was getting in the opening areas and luckily knocking down the shots .	I was getting in the opening areas and luckily knocking down my shots .	det_poss:the:my	19095
The gut feeling tells me I want him to be alive .	My gut feeling tells me I want him to be alive .	det_poss:the:my	19096
But it also means Whitman usually holds onto names longer than the peers .	But it also means Whitman usually holds onto names longer than his peers .	det_poss:the:his	19097
If you enjoyed the outing , consider leaving a gratuity of 10 percent .	If you enjoyed your outing , consider leaving a gratuity of 10 percent .	det_poss:the:your	19098
Have an ample supply of the resumé .	Have an ample supply of your resumé .	det_poss:the:your	19099
4 : If you have the health , you have everything .	4 : If you have your health , you have everything .	det_poss:the:your	19100
The recommendations rarely have been followed , he said in an interview .	His recommendations rarely have been followed , he said in an interview .	det_poss:the:his	19101
Enter the princess herself , with the Prince Charming .	Enter the princess herself , with her Prince Charming .	det_poss:the:her	19102
The child 's grandmother later reported the daughter and the child missing .	The child 's grandmother later reported her daughter and the child missing .	det_poss:the:her	19103
That is where I am at right now in the career .	That is where I am at right now in my career .	det_poss:the:my	19104
Make sure the socks are very warm .	Make sure your socks are very warm .	det_poss:the:your	19105
It is The Laptop , Too .	It is His Laptop , Too .	det_poss:the:his	19106
Well yes , the friends , we are all losers .	Well yes , my friends , we are all losers .	det_poss:the:my	19107
Mrs Clinton 's relative weakness there is swamped by the strength elsewhere .	Mrs Clinton 's relative weakness there is swamped by her strength elsewhere .	det_poss:the:her	19108
Bernstein was able to interview Blair before the death and see the papers .	Bernstein was able to interview Blair before her death and see the papers .	det_poss:the:her	19109
Nevertheless , he and the band are becoming more familiar .	Nevertheless , he and his band are becoming more familiar .	det_poss:the:his	19110
The same meant that the nephew was still causing mayhem .	The same meant that my nephew was still causing mayhem .	det_poss:the:my	19111
This is a subtext of the book .	This is a subtext of my book .	det_poss:the:my	19112
Arnold Schwarzenegger disclosed to Leno the plans to run for California governor .	Arnold Schwarzenegger disclosed to Leno his plans to run for California governor .	det_poss:the:his	19113
Independent analysts see the support firming up .	Independent analysts see his support firming up .	det_poss:the:his	19114
Deni did not immediately return a phone message left at the office Wednesday .	Deni did not immediately return a phone message left at her office Wednesday .	det_poss:the:her	19115
The message is to ask , ask , ask questions .	My message is to ask , ask , ask questions .	det_poss:the:my	19116
It reduces stress that can damage the heart .	It reduces stress that can damage your heart .	det_poss:the:your	19117
Here , in national service , I extend the hand to help .	Here , in national service , I extend my hand to help .	det_poss:the:my	19118
They usually just pop tires and blow off the mirrors .	They usually just pop tires and blow off our mirrors .	det_poss:the:our	19119
It was in the grasp , and we ended up losing it .	It was in our grasp , and we ended up losing it .	det_poss:the:our	19120
After eating , Sergeant White returned to the post .	After eating , Sergeant White returned to his post .	det_poss:the:his	19121
Began the coaching career in 1988 as assistant at Go Ahead Eagles .	Began his coaching career in 1988 as assistant at Go Ahead Eagles .	det_poss:the:his	19122
Rice and Hadley heeded the wishes .	Rice and Hadley heeded his wishes .	det_poss:the:his	19123
The adult skeleton is replaced every seven to 10 years .	Your adult skeleton is replaced every seven to 10 years .	det_poss:the:your	19124
I realise who pays the wages and who I represent .	I realise who pays my wages and who I represent .	det_poss:the:my	19125
They have killed the brothers .	They have killed her brothers .	det_poss:the:her	19126
But the aides said he felt sicker as the day progressed .	But his aides said he felt sicker as the day progressed .	det_poss:the:his	19127
The clothing was stolen while he was bathing , leaving him with nothing .	His clothing was stolen while he was bathing , leaving him with nothing .	det_poss:the:his	19128
He and the colleagues report their results in Nature on Thursday .	He and his colleagues report their results in Nature on Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	19129
He was 34 years old when he lost the job .	He was 34 years old when he lost his job .	det_poss:the:his	19130
If it was the information , I would be jumping up and down .	If it was my information , I would be jumping up and down .	det_poss:the:my	19131
Later , she said she thought the foot slid halfway off the beam .	Later , she said she thought her foot slid halfway off the beam .	det_poss:the:her	19132
He died of natural causes , said the son , James P. DeAngelis .	He died of natural causes , said his son , James P. DeAngelis .	det_poss:the:his	19133
We have one compelling mission : to deliver success for the clients .	We have one compelling mission : to deliver success for our clients .	det_poss:the:our	19134
Doesn 't he worry about the health ?	Doesn 't he worry about his health ?	det_poss:the:his	19135
Ms. Bhutto kept up the networking until the very end .	Ms. Bhutto kept up her networking until the very end .	det_poss:the:her	19136
He was hard-pressed to explain the skill in simple terms .	He was hard-pressed to explain his skill in simple terms .	det_poss:the:his	19137
Alex Rodriguez has begun the meetings with agent Scott Boras in California .	Alex Rodriguez has begun his meetings with agent Scott Boras in California .	det_poss:the:his	19138
The receivers dropped a total of seven throws .	His receivers dropped a total of seven throws .	det_poss:the:his	19139
" " The diplomacy needs to be stronger and more effective .	" " Our diplomacy needs to be stronger and more effective .	det_poss:the:our	19140
He is on the way .	He is on his way .	det_poss:the:his	19141
The brocade minidresses were beautiful and so were the harlequin printed ones .	Her brocade minidresses were beautiful and so were the harlequin printed ones .	det_poss:the:her	19142
Brewer won more than the coveted green jacket with the victory .	Brewer won more than the coveted green jacket with his victory .	det_poss:the:his	19143
But he made the admission on ITV1 chat show Parkinson .	But he made his admission on ITV1 chat show Parkinson .	det_poss:the:his	19144
As in all of the movies lately , Jennifer Connelly cries .	As in all of her movies lately , Jennifer Connelly cries .	det_poss:the:her	19145
It is right on the counter in the kitchen .	It is right on my counter in the kitchen .	det_poss:the:my	19146
It was the foundation of the reputation as a big-game pitcher .	It was the foundation of his reputation as a big-game pitcher .	det_poss:the:his	19147
The airlines in Nepal did not lose the bag .	The airlines in Nepal did not lose my bag .	det_poss:the:my	19148
He was to submit a report to the Security Council on the efforts .	He was to submit a report to the Security Council on his efforts .	det_poss:the:his	19149
There are over 400 universities in the country .	There are over 400 universities in our country .	det_poss:the:our	19150
There are more men than women in the trials .	There are more men than women in our trials .	det_poss:the:our	19151
There is that classic French , slightly cool color to the voice .	There is that classic French , slightly cool color to her voice .	det_poss:the:her	19152
He adjusts the belt once , twice , three times .	He adjusts his belt once , twice , three times .	det_poss:the:his	19153
I had been dying the hair since I was 25 years of age .	I had been dying my hair since I was 25 years of age .	det_poss:the:my	19154
Since popular culture looks edgier today , so will the kids .	Since popular culture looks edgier today , so will our kids .	det_poss:the:our	19155
Mortensen hardly speaks about anything but the admiration for Cronenberg .	Mortensen hardly speaks about anything but his admiration for Cronenberg .	det_poss:the:his	19156
I imagine picking up after the beast is required .	I imagine picking up after your beast is required .	det_poss:the:your	19157
The ability to coach and manage in the Champions League should be unquestioned .	His ability to coach and manage in the Champions League should be unquestioned .	det_poss:the:his	19158
" " Is Baby Einstein doing the child more harm than good ?	" " Is Baby Einstein doing your child more harm than good ?	det_poss:the:your	19159
Maybe that had something to do with the performance in Galle .	Maybe that had something to do with our performance in Galle .	det_poss:the:our	19160
The supporters are highly motivated .	His supporters are highly motivated .	det_poss:the:his	19161
They broke through the bedroom window .	They broke through her bedroom window .	det_poss:the:her	19162
The interest rate had shot up to 9.8 percent from 4.75 percent .	Her interest rate had shot up to 9.8 percent from 4.75 percent .	det_poss:the:her	19163
A The bike is fairly heavy for a ladies ' model .	A Your bike is fairly heavy for a ladies ' model .	det_poss:the:your	19164
No one helped me fill out the applicatons .	No one helped me fill out my applicatons .	det_poss:the:my	19165
Though Ms. Corcella lost that case , the prediction eventually came true .	Though Ms. Corcella lost that case , her prediction eventually came true .	det_poss:the:her	19166
Merkel reiterated the troops would not be deployed permanently in the violence-ravaged south .	Merkel reiterated her troops would not be deployed permanently in the violence-ravaged south .	det_poss:the:her	19167
I LOVED all the cats but feel I now love Ollie more .	I LOVED all my cats but feel I now love Ollie more .	det_poss:the:my	19168
The throat had been slashed .	Her throat had been slashed .	det_poss:the:her	19169
The roads are not race tracks or for breaking speed records .	Our roads are not race tracks or for breaking speed records .	det_poss:the:our	19170
No details of the violation were disclosed by the league .	No details of his violation were disclosed by the league .	det_poss:the:his	19171
It was the joiner , although you thought it was the school .	It was your joiner , although you thought it was the school .	det_poss:the:your	19172
But the fluke has found the calling as a caregiver .	But the fluke has found her calling as a caregiver .	det_poss:the:her	19173
Off-camera , Bils spends much of the time reading scientific research .	Off-camera , Bils spends much of his time reading scientific research .	det_poss:the:his	19174
6 , 2007 : Dies at the home in Modena .	6 , 2007 : Dies at his home in Modena .	det_poss:the:his	19175
He pulled out the clipboard and made a note .	He pulled out his clipboard and made a note .	det_poss:the:his	19176
The Passenger Was On The Way To The Uk To Seek Medical Treatment .	The Passenger Was On His Way To The Uk To Seek Medical Treatment .	det_poss:the:his	19177
We have to protect the property !	We have to protect our property !	det_poss:the:our	19178
At the same time , Giuliani has held the advantage in national polling .	At the same time , Giuliani has held his advantage in national polling .	det_poss:the:his	19179
The joints ache .	Her joints ache .	det_poss:the:her	19180
We asked for the views on this story .	We asked for your views on this story .	det_poss:the:your	19181
Q : Can you describe the writing process ?	Q : Can you describe your writing process ?	det_poss:the:your	19182
I went on and on telling the daughter to go to the police .	I went on and on telling my daughter to go to the police .	det_poss:the:my	19183
" " The review reflects the consensus of law enforcement .	" " Our review reflects the consensus of law enforcement .	det_poss:the:our	19184
But the background had Carlsson thinking that would be the wrong move .	But her background had Carlsson thinking that would be the wrong move .	det_poss:the:her	19185
Benjamin : You run the companies as a series of independent companies .	Benjamin : You run your companies as a series of independent companies .	det_poss:the:your	19186
You desperately want to do well for the team .	You desperately want to do well for your team .	det_poss:the:your	19187
The mouth is full of eggs .	My mouth is full of eggs .	det_poss:the:my	19188
So far , many of the predictions have come true .	So far , many of his predictions have come true .	det_poss:the:his	19189
We do not wish that upon anybody , and certainly not the teammate .	We do not wish that upon anybody , and certainly not our teammate .	det_poss:the:our	19190
You were the rock .	You were our rock .	det_poss:the:our	19191
He was , fundamentally , a very different person from the colleagues .	He was , fundamentally , a very different person from his colleagues .	det_poss:the:his	19192
A quick Google search did not do much to clear up the confusion .	A quick Google search did not do much to clear up my confusion .	det_poss:the:my	19193
Hagel 's Senate colleagues from both parties praised the service Monday .	Hagel 's Senate colleagues from both parties praised his service Monday .	det_poss:the:his	19194
But that is how you get the opportunity .	But that is how you get your opportunity .	det_poss:the:your	19195
The teams won N.A.I.A. titles in 1952 , 1954 and 1955 .	His teams won N.A.I.A. titles in 1952 , 1954 and 1955 .	det_poss:the:his	19196
Not only is he fabulously wealthy , this is the hospital .	Not only is he fabulously wealthy , this is his hospital .	det_poss:the:his	19197
If only Frank Caliendo had a Dane Cook in the mockery arsenal !	If only Frank Caliendo had a Dane Cook in his mockery arsenal !	det_poss:the:his	19198
Leader : It is the job to facilitate proper flow of conversation .	Leader : It is your job to facilitate proper flow of conversation .	det_poss:the:your	19199
ET to share the thoughts .	ET to share your thoughts .	det_poss:the:your	19200
Mr. Martinez said he quickly put the body armor back on .	Mr. Martinez said he quickly put his body armor back on .	det_poss:the:his	19201
Dyson 's not alone in the marketing of Jesus and religion .	Dyson 's not alone in his marketing of Jesus and religion .	det_poss:the:his	19202
The schools for girls are being shut down there .	Our schools for girls are being shut down there .	det_poss:the:our	19203
I feel I have already told the story .	I feel I have already told his story .	det_poss:the:his	19204
The point there , Chris , is that we shouldn 't get personal .	My point there , Chris , is that we shouldn 't get personal .	det_poss:the:my	19205
Staffers there dismissed the concerns about a heart attack .	Staffers there dismissed her concerns about a heart attack .	det_poss:the:her	19206
It is as plain as the nose on the face .	It is as plain as the nose on his face .	det_poss:the:his	19207
Nina 's doctor advised cutting more allergens from the diet .	Nina 's doctor advised cutting more allergens from my diet .	det_poss:the:my	19208
Worse damage to the psyche was coming .	Worse damage to my psyche was coming .	det_poss:the:my	19209
Now when the neighbors see her , they are very nice .	Now when our neighbors see her , they are very nice .	det_poss:the:our	19210
She recalled one occasion when the unit became encircled by Turkish soldiers .	She recalled one occasion when her unit became encircled by Turkish soldiers .	det_poss:the:her	19211
I should re-sort the consideration set .	I should re-sort my consideration set .	det_poss:the:my	19212
Prosperity is the cause of the credit addiction .	Prosperity is the cause of our credit addiction .	det_poss:the:our	19213
Please join us in the call to the Chancellor to freeze beer duty .	Please join us in our call to the Chancellor to freeze beer duty .	det_poss:the:our	19214
The protests contributed to the fall of the government two years later .	The protests contributed to the fall of his government two years later .	det_poss:the:his	19215
Gen Nkunda said he had now ordered the forces actively to defend themselves .	Gen Nkunda said he had now ordered his forces actively to defend themselves .	det_poss:the:his	19216
And Fleischer acknowledges that the knowledge of Washington shows some wear .	And Fleischer acknowledges that his knowledge of Washington shows some wear .	det_poss:the:his	19217
Our first quarter saw the departure of the founder and Chairman .	Our first quarter saw the departure of our founder and Chairman .	det_poss:the:our	19218
Audie said , shaking the finger into the darkness .	Audie said , shaking his finger into the darkness .	det_poss:the:his	19219
How has this campaign been for the children ?	How has this campaign been for your children ?	det_poss:the:your	19220
Almost half the country approves of Bin Laden and the al-Qaida terrorist organization .	Almost half the country approves of Bin Laden and his al-Qaida terrorist organization .	det_poss:the:his	19221
To the surprise he was standing outside his open front door .	To my surprise he was standing outside his open front door .	det_poss:the:my	19222
He ordered the six-man squad to seize the man 's papers pending investigation .	He ordered his six-man squad to seize the man 's papers pending investigation .	det_poss:the:his	19223
They 'll pray for the death if you support the war .	They 'll pray for your death if you support the war .	det_poss:the:your	19224
The family has suffered greatly .	His family has suffered greatly .	det_poss:the:his	19225
The man shattered the knee trying to jump headlong into a high-speed collision .	The man shattered his knee trying to jump headlong into a high-speed collision .	det_poss:the:his	19226
The room for manoeuvre , should he be elected , has been reduced .	His room for manoeuvre , should he be elected , has been reduced .	det_poss:the:his	19227
The mosquitoes were feasting on the legs and ankles .	The mosquitoes were feasting on his legs and ankles .	det_poss:the:his	19228
It has been a decade since Ms. Broyard discovered the New Orleans kin .	It has been a decade since Ms. Broyard discovered her New Orleans kin .	det_poss:the:her	19229
This should be called to the attention .	This should be called to her attention .	det_poss:the:her	19230
What will the suppliers charge ?	What will our suppliers charge ?	det_poss:the:our	19231
With shipping and insurance , the total for the month was $ 328 .	With shipping and insurance , her total for the month was $ 328 .	det_poss:the:her	19232
You can use subversive humour as the delivery mechanism .	You can use subversive humour as your delivery mechanism .	det_poss:the:your	19233
The results were 20 % oil and 80 % water .	Our results were 20 % oil and 80 % water .	det_poss:the:our	19234
She needs the family .	She needs her family .	det_poss:the:her	19235
Jobe compensates for the lack of size in two ways .	Jobe compensates for his lack of size in two ways .	det_poss:the:his	19236
Flying has been part of the life for quite a while .	Flying has been part of my life for quite a while .	det_poss:the:my	19237
I am just going to do everything to get the leg well .	I am just going to do everything to get my leg well .	det_poss:the:my	19238
We remain committed to providing the patients with the best technology available .	We remain committed to providing our patients with the best technology available .	det_poss:the:our	19239
The lawyer did not immediately return a call for comment on Saturday .	His lawyer did not immediately return a call for comment on Saturday .	det_poss:the:his	19240
I have just got to go out and do the things differently .	I have just got to go out and do my things differently .	det_poss:the:my	19241
The name is Bianca .	Her name is Bianca .	det_poss:the:her	19242
LONDON ( AP ) - Just call the Queen e-Lizabeth .	LONDON ( AP ) - Just call her Queen e-Lizabeth .	det_poss:the:her	19243
" I am optimistic about the economy , " he said .	" I am optimistic about our economy , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	19244
The partner opens one heart , and the next player bids one spade .	Your partner opens one heart , and the next player bids one spade .	det_poss:the:your	19245
Either way , you have little fear of racking up the bill .	Either way , you have little fear of racking up your bill .	det_poss:the:your	19246
Newly drug-free Pete Doherty is " in mourning " for the heroin addiction .	Newly drug-free Pete Doherty is " in mourning " for his heroin addiction .	det_poss:the:his	19247
But that is not what you need on the vacation .	But that is not what you need on your vacation .	det_poss:the:your	19248
Click , goes the mouse .	Click , goes his mouse .	det_poss:the:his	19249
Now we want to sell the home .	Now we want to sell our home .	det_poss:the:our	19250
My sister , I am sure , will not hear of the removal !	My sister , I am sure , will not hear of her removal !	det_poss:the:her	19251
The girl presses the fingers against the granite .	The girl presses her fingers against the granite .	det_poss:the:her	19252
Railways took the characters away .	Railways took his characters away .	det_poss:the:his	19253
" Let us do the jobs , " Mr. Kofford said .	" Let us do our jobs , " Mr. Kofford said .	det_poss:the:our	19254
The bags are beginning to tear .	My bags are beginning to tear .	det_poss:the:my	19255
The friends , man is a divine creature .	My friends , man is a divine creature .	det_poss:the:my	19256
" This is the government , " said one striking teacher in Pretoria .	" This is our government , " said one striking teacher in Pretoria .	det_poss:the:our	19257
Faced with that , Obama has been sharpening the differences with Clinton .	Faced with that , Obama has been sharpening his differences with Clinton .	det_poss:the:his	19258
The voice then trailed off , as if that should be explanation enough .	His voice then trailed off , as if that should be explanation enough .	det_poss:the:his	19259
Federline , the ex-husband , reached the courtroom a few minutes after Spears .	Federline , her ex-husband , reached the courtroom a few minutes after Spears .	det_poss:the:her	19260
All along , I thought it was the fault .	All along , I thought it was her fault .	det_poss:the:her	19261
" She is great , " Ms. Wilson said of the character .	" She is great , " Ms. Wilson said of her character .	det_poss:the:her	19262
The authority could unleash or restrain hundreds of thousands of followers .	His authority could unleash or restrain hundreds of thousands of followers .	det_poss:the:his	19263
The boyfriend loves them .	My boyfriend loves them .	det_poss:the:my	19264
I had never traveled alone so far from home , from the world .	I had never traveled alone so far from home , from my world .	det_poss:the:my	19265
Cooke would not disclose the investment .	Cooke would not disclose his investment .	det_poss:the:his	19266
Minimum age : 5 , but use the judgment .	Minimum age : 5 , but use your judgment .	det_poss:the:your	19267
The rehab was double the work .	My rehab was double the work .	det_poss:the:my	19268
Google these bikes , or check out the slide show .	Google these bikes , or check out our slide show .	det_poss:the:our	19269
Let 's hear the thoughts .	Let 's hear your thoughts .	det_poss:the:your	19270
The comments were met with applause .	Her comments were met with applause .	det_poss:the:her	19271
The Latin was as distant as her youth .	Her Latin was as distant as her youth .	det_poss:the:her	19272
The pictures were also displayed in numerous exhitions across the country .	His pictures were also displayed in numerous exhitions across the country .	det_poss:the:his	19273
Then you 'll want to check out the Newsquiz !	Then you 'll want to check out our Newsquiz !	det_poss:the:our	19274
The decision will probably influence her family .	Her decision will probably influence her family .	det_poss:the:her	19275
Tomlinson will get the yards .	Tomlinson will get his yards .	det_poss:the:his	19276
I like seeing the life as a series of responsibilities .	I like seeing my life as a series of responsibilities .	det_poss:the:my	19277
His parents visited regularly , and the grades were good .	His parents visited regularly , and his grades were good .	det_poss:the:his	19278
The Islanders spoiled the return with a 4-3 overtime victory over Toronto .	The Islanders spoiled his return with a 4-3 overtime victory over Toronto .	det_poss:the:his	19279
But then he shook the head .	But then he shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	19280
If these tanks leak , the well could be affected .	If these tanks leak , your well could be affected .	det_poss:the:your	19281
The rehab was very long , very intense .	My rehab was very long , very intense .	det_poss:the:my	19282
Al Qaeda is the enemy , and we want to know their plans .	Al Qaeda is our enemy , and we want to know their plans .	det_poss:the:our	19283
And the mind is full .	And your mind is full .	det_poss:the:your	19284
It was Mr. Sundman 's advertising acumen that set the companies apart .	It was Mr. Sundman 's advertising acumen that set his companies apart .	det_poss:the:his	19285
Do they believe in the innocence ?	Do they believe in his innocence ?	det_poss:the:his	19286
The letter raises a series of questions about the performance during the case .	The letter raises a series of questions about his performance during the case .	det_poss:the:his	19287
" " I had a long pass go just off the fingers .	" " I had a long pass go just off my fingers .	det_poss:the:my	19288
It is an honour to represent the country .	It is an honour to represent your country .	det_poss:the:your	19289
The response here has been , frankly , inadequate .	Our response here has been , frankly , inadequate .	det_poss:the:our	19290
Personally , I enjoy dressing the girls like little young ladies .	Personally , I enjoy dressing my girls like little young ladies .	det_poss:the:my	19291
The family decided to donate it to the Jerusalem institute after his death .	His family decided to donate it to the Jerusalem institute after his death .	det_poss:the:his	19292
This is where the friends are ' .	This is where our friends are ' .	det_poss:the:our	19293
When the towel-waving crazies filled the ears with noise , he ignored them .	When the towel-waving crazies filled his ears with noise , he ignored them .	det_poss:the:his	19294
After a candid conversation , we got the team back on track .	After a candid conversation , we got our team back on track .	det_poss:the:our	19295
The training was , you do not buy things you cannot pay for .	My training was , you do not buy things you cannot pay for .	det_poss:the:my	19296
Matthews : What group was it that built up the shipping industry ?	Matthews : What group was it that built up our shipping industry ?	det_poss:the:our	19297
The condition is not known .	Her condition is not known .	det_poss:the:her	19298
If you cannot , that is the cue to get a Mac .	If you cannot , that is your cue to get a Mac .	det_poss:the:your	19299
I could feel the feet , I am going to walk again .	I could feel my feet , I am going to walk again .	det_poss:the:my	19300
Just as I did , briefly , before realising the mistake .	Just as I did , briefly , before realising my mistake .	det_poss:the:my	19301
It keep playing in the brain .	It keep playing in my brain .	det_poss:the:my	19302
" I heard the son 's voice , " she recalls .	" I heard my son 's voice , " she recalls .	det_poss:the:my	19303
With the struggle we demanded a set of rights .	With our struggle we demanded a set of rights .	det_poss:the:our	19304
The flatmate managed to throw something at him and he ran off .	My flatmate managed to throw something at him and he ran off .	det_poss:the:my	19305
Since Spears became single , the troubles have played out in the tabloids .	Since Spears became single , her troubles have played out in the tabloids .	det_poss:the:her	19306
Ward received the BS in Business / Management from Arizona State University .	Ward received his BS in Business / Management from Arizona State University .	det_poss:the:his	19307
The picture shows him holding up a glass to the camera .	His picture shows him holding up a glass to the camera .	det_poss:the:his	19308
Sometimes I can still hear the insults ringing in the ears .	Sometimes I can still hear the insults ringing in my ears .	det_poss:the:my	19309
Henry could hear any day on the appeal .	Henry could hear any day on his appeal .	det_poss:the:his	19310
Now the kitchen has new equipment , while he has new confidence .	Now his kitchen has new equipment , while he has new confidence .	det_poss:the:his	19311
The team has made no attempt to extend the contract .	The team has made no attempt to extend his contract .	det_poss:the:his	19312
The boys ' moods fed the moods .	The boys ' moods fed my moods .	det_poss:the:my	19313
The valuation decline was the result of credit performance below the expectations .	The valuation decline was the result of credit performance below our expectations .	det_poss:the:our	19314
Pete has devoted the life to those who wear our country 's uniform .	Pete has devoted his life to those who wear our country 's uniform .	det_poss:the:his	19315
Then watch the success snowball .	Then watch your success snowball .	det_poss:the:your	19316
I will be eager to read the objections to Schroeder .	I will be eager to read your objections to Schroeder .	det_poss:the:your	19317
" The kids are here at the show , " she said .	" My kids are here at the show , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	19318
Take the cue from glasshouses and stones .	Take your cue from glasshouses and stones .	det_poss:the:your	19319
My main interest is to have a relation with the swimmer .	My main interest is to have a relation with my swimmer .	det_poss:the:my	19320
This cat likes the veggies .	This cat likes his veggies .	det_poss:the:his	19321
I think that is a vital difference in the campaigns .	I think that is a vital difference in our campaigns .	det_poss:the:our	19322
It was the then-husband 's at first .	It was her then-husband 's at first .	det_poss:the:her	19323
Most of the clients are major law firms .	Most of my clients are major law firms .	det_poss:the:my	19324
The life is unstable .	My life is unstable .	det_poss:the:my	19325
The act has brought shame to the team and the nation .	His act has brought shame to the team and the nation .	det_poss:the:his	19326
" Education is top of the list , " Cllr Hughes added .	" Education is top of our list , " Cllr Hughes added .	det_poss:the:our	19327
" It is not the party any more , " he said .	" It is not my party any more , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	19328
She is now remarried but still supportive of the children .	She is now remarried but still supportive of her children .	det_poss:the:her	19329
Gauge the stretches accordingly .	Gauge your stretches accordingly .	det_poss:the:your	19330
He is tattooed on both arms , as well as on the chest .	He is tattooed on both arms , as well as on his chest .	det_poss:the:his	19331
Leaving the hotel , I was heading downhill .	Leaving our hotel , I was heading downhill .	det_poss:the:our	19332
The lawyers at Pinsent Masons must have been reading the mind .	The lawyers at Pinsent Masons must have been reading my mind .	det_poss:the:my	19333
You want to write on the skin so everyone can see ?	You want to write on your skin so everyone can see ?	det_poss:the:your	19334
This is my Husband half asleep in the truck .	This is my Husband half asleep in his truck .	det_poss:the:his	19335
The son needed an occupation .	His son needed an occupation .	det_poss:the:his	19336
She asks for another piece of lime for the tequila .	She asks for another piece of lime for her tequila .	det_poss:the:her	19337
And it was all the genius .	And it was all his genius .	det_poss:the:his	19338
The sense of humor was unaffected .	His sense of humor was unaffected .	det_poss:the:his	19339
The radio address followed a speech on trade he delivered Friday in Miami .	His radio address followed a speech on trade he delivered Friday in Miami .	det_poss:the:his	19340
Actress Cheryl Hines ( " Curb The Enthusiasm " ) is 42 .	Actress Cheryl Hines ( " Curb Your Enthusiasm " ) is 42 .	det_poss:the:your	19341
Sometimes they make the squirm .	Sometimes they make her squirm .	det_poss:the:her	19342
We will stay resolved , we will stay focused on the democracy .	We will stay resolved , we will stay focused on our democracy .	det_poss:the:our	19343
Al Gore - call the office .	Al Gore - call your office .	det_poss:the:your	19344
And here are the fashion tips for your next flight .	And here are my fashion tips for your next flight .	det_poss:the:my	19345
She said the son dreamed that he would one day play professional basketball .	She said her son dreamed that he would one day play professional basketball .	det_poss:the:her	19346
This is while the children go without health insurance .	This is while her children go without health insurance .	det_poss:the:her	19347
Do we have an obligation to intervene on the behalf ?	Do we have an obligation to intervene on her behalf ?	det_poss:the:her	19348
He has a way and the way works .	He has a way and his way works .	det_poss:the:his	19349
Mr Rhodie said he was delighted with the success .	Mr Rhodie said he was delighted with his success .	det_poss:the:his	19350
The estimate was about $ 15 billion .	His estimate was about $ 15 billion .	det_poss:the:his	19351
It is an unavoidable question in the wake of the death Wednesday .	It is an unavoidable question in the wake of his death Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	19352
Share the tips now .	Share your tips now .	det_poss:the:your	19353
He thanked the players - over and over again .	He thanked his players - over and over again .	det_poss:the:his	19354
Inexperienced Beau Warren will start in the place .	Inexperienced Beau Warren will start in his place .	det_poss:the:his	19355
And the 2-year-old is fighting for the life .	And the 2-year-old is fighting for her life .	det_poss:the:her	19356
He declined to say what the pension would be .	He declined to say what his pension would be .	det_poss:the:his	19357
The name is out there .	My name is out there .	det_poss:the:my	19358
This reflects a drop from just over 77 % in the industry report .	This reflects a drop from just over 77 % in our industry report .	det_poss:the:our	19359
Just being there , knowing there was a chance the boys could win .	Just being there , knowing there was a chance your boys could win .	det_poss:the:your	19360
The suspect is described as being a white man aged in the 20s .	The suspect is described as being a white man aged in his 20s .	det_poss:the:his	19361
We have still got a lot up the sleeve .	We have still got a lot up our sleeve .	det_poss:the:our	19362
Olson was last seen by the friends Thursday morning .	Olson was last seen by her friends Thursday morning .	det_poss:the:her	19363
Police found bloodstains in the bedroom .	Police found bloodstains in her bedroom .	det_poss:the:her	19364
The case is being referred to The Majesty 's Chief Inspector of Constabulary .	The case is being referred to Her Majesty 's Chief Inspector of Constabulary .	det_poss:the:her	19365
Eiderdown is plucked by the female from the breast as a nest lining .	Eiderdown is plucked by the female from her breast as a nest lining .	det_poss:the:her	19366
Angela K. Gillispie told of another tutoring program the church had put together .	Angela K. Gillispie told of another tutoring program her church had put together .	det_poss:the:her	19367
One woman said the daughter described the boy 's behavior as threatening .	One woman said her daughter described the boy 's behavior as threatening .	det_poss:the:her	19368
Anschutz spent millions recently to bring David Beckham to the MLS team .	Anschutz spent millions recently to bring David Beckham to his MLS team .	det_poss:the:his	19369
Republican stalwarts swiftly came to the defense .	Republican stalwarts swiftly came to his defense .	det_poss:the:his	19370
The last-act aria was one of the more arresting moments .	His last-act aria was one of the more arresting moments .	det_poss:the:his	19371
I returned to the patient who was showing some signs of improvement .	I returned to my patient who was showing some signs of improvement .	det_poss:the:my	19372
What is that suspicious mole on the arm ?	What is that suspicious mole on your arm ?	det_poss:the:your	19373
The body was then dumped in a field .	His body was then dumped in a field .	det_poss:the:his	19374
We are fortunate to have an executive with the experience join our Board .	We are fortunate to have an executive with his experience join our Board .	det_poss:the:his	19375
I got the autograph then .	I got his autograph then .	det_poss:the:his	19376
Listen to the child .	Listen to your child .	det_poss:the:your	19377
and Am I over-pricing the home compared to the neighborhood homes ?	and Am I over-pricing my home compared to the neighborhood homes ?	det_poss:the:my	19378
Police and French diplomats in Mauritania say the survivor is in the 70s .	Police and French diplomats in Mauritania say the survivor is in his 70s .	det_poss:the:his	19379
" " You 're taking the chances here .	" " You 're taking your chances here .	det_poss:the:your	19380
I contacted Doubletree on the behalf .	I contacted Doubletree on your behalf .	det_poss:the:your	19381
Make calm down the pressure .	Make calm down my pressure .	det_poss:the:my	19382
You are the only person on this planet with the story .	You are the only person on this planet with your story .	det_poss:the:your	19383
Instead , he focused the speech on Wednesday on six over-arching priorities .	Instead , he focused his speech on Wednesday on six over-arching priorities .	det_poss:the:his	19384
The developer 's attorney does not respond to the e-mails and phone calls .	The developer 's attorney does not respond to our e-mails and phone calls .	det_poss:the:our	19385
Because of this wall , the nation has suffered so much pain .	Because of this wall , our nation has suffered so much pain .	det_poss:the:our	19386
Bernard Laporte , watched the team ground into the stuff of nightmares .	Bernard Laporte , watched his team ground into the stuff of nightmares .	det_poss:the:his	19387
This will not affect the Child Benefit payments .	This will not affect your Child Benefit payments .	det_poss:the:your	19388
Prince Charles is Parker Bowles ' godfather as well as the stepfather .	Prince Charles is Parker Bowles ' godfather as well as his stepfather .	det_poss:the:his	19389
" It is absolutely not true , " the rep assured Page Six .	" It is absolutely not true , " her rep assured Page Six .	det_poss:the:her	19390
Don 't forget the wallet .	Don 't forget your wallet .	det_poss:the:your	19391
Negroponte is also expected to meet political leaders during the stay in Islamabad .	Negroponte is also expected to meet political leaders during his stay in Islamabad .	det_poss:the:his	19392
Komitau took the advice and happily moved a step closer to his dream .	Komitau took her advice and happily moved a step closer to his dream .	det_poss:the:her	19393
The move fuelled speculation about the plans to launch a new political party .	The move fuelled speculation about his plans to launch a new political party .	det_poss:the:his	19394
The voice is supple as ever .	Her voice is supple as ever .	det_poss:the:her	19395
Bowden respected the way Beamer conducted the program , so he agreed .	Bowden respected the way Beamer conducted his program , so he agreed .	det_poss:the:his	19396
I am there to strictly speak about spaying and neutering the pets .	I am there to strictly speak about spaying and neutering your pets .	det_poss:the:your	19397
Unplug the power tools .	Unplug your power tools .	det_poss:the:your	19398
Then he won it with the 27-yarder in overtime .	Then he won it with his 27-yarder in overtime .	det_poss:the:his	19399
Warfarin is affected by changes in the diet and by other medications .	Warfarin is affected by changes in your diet and by other medications .	det_poss:the:your	19400
Mr. Mason 's personal vision trumps the pleasure .	Mr. Mason 's personal vision trumps your pleasure .	det_poss:the:your	19401
The job is to keep the gates open .	My job is to keep the gates open .	det_poss:the:my	19402
With a 5-1 start to the career , Romo-mania ensued .	With a 5-1 start to his career , Romo-mania ensued .	det_poss:the:his	19403
Who is the First Lady role model ?	Who is your First Lady role model ?	det_poss:the:your	19404
Bell had the contract purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game .	Bell had his contract purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game .	det_poss:the:his	19405
We assured them of the esteem for their professionalism .	We assured them of our esteem for their professionalism .	det_poss:the:our	19406
Lansford lied about the age so he could join the Marines at 17 .	Lansford lied about his age so he could join the Marines at 17 .	det_poss:the:his	19407
Wednesday night 's shutout was the seventh of the career .	Wednesday night 's shutout was the seventh of his career .	det_poss:the:his	19408
What is the verdict ?	What is your verdict ?	det_poss:the:your	19409
Mr. Donovan defended the decision .	Mr. Donovan defended his decision .	det_poss:the:his	19410
The moment of clarity had finally arrived .	My moment of clarity had finally arrived .	det_poss:the:my	19411
The drinking water should be water .	Our drinking water should be water .	det_poss:the:our	19412
Chandler strapped on the guitar .	Chandler strapped on his guitar .	det_poss:the:his	19413
Tancredo recently announced the withdrawal from the race .	Tancredo recently announced his withdrawal from the race .	det_poss:the:his	19414
We follow the lead .	We follow his lead .	det_poss:the:his	19415
The comments will give us some indications to help us do that .	Your comments will give us some indications to help us do that .	det_poss:the:your	19416
After declaration of emergency rule , the channel has been taken off air .	After declaration of emergency rule , our channel has been taken off air .	det_poss:the:our	19417
After leaving state government , Mr. Berle returned to the Manhattan law practice .	After leaving state government , Mr. Berle returned to his Manhattan law practice .	det_poss:the:his	19418
Gasquet lost the opening match to Nadal but could still make the semi-finals .	Gasquet lost his opening match to Nadal but could still make the semi-finals .	det_poss:the:his	19419
But I got the name on it forever .	But I got my name on it forever .	det_poss:the:my	19420
The only problem with the plan was that there were no orphans .	The only problem with his plan was that there were no orphans .	det_poss:the:his	19421
The body has told me that it is over .	My body has told me that it is over .	det_poss:the:my	19422
But yesterday he looked the age ( 36 ) at least .	But yesterday he looked his age ( 36 ) at least .	det_poss:the:his	19423
But the move also continued the isolation from the upheaval of the era .	But the move also continued his isolation from the upheaval of the era .	det_poss:the:his	19424
The trailer had a window .	My trailer had a window .	det_poss:the:my	19425
More than likely we did ; that was the feeling .	More than likely we did ; that was my feeling .	det_poss:the:my	19426
For the news , however , Mr. Yaman prefers the German media .	For his news , however , Mr. Yaman prefers the German media .	det_poss:the:his	19427
I began to have an uneasy feeling about the data .	I began to have an uneasy feeling about my data .	det_poss:the:my	19428
Mr. Gao received the MBA from China Northwest University in China in 1998 .	Mr. Gao received his MBA from China Northwest University in China in 1998 .	det_poss:the:his	19429
She said thoughts about the future are painful .	She said thoughts about his future are painful .	det_poss:the:his	19430
If the doctor is not that accessible , change doctors .	If your doctor is not that accessible , change doctors .	det_poss:the:your	19431
The companion is attracted by something else entirely .	His companion is attracted by something else entirely .	det_poss:the:his	19432
The hair 's uncombed , sticking out in thin , frizzy wisps .	Her hair 's uncombed , sticking out in thin , frizzy wisps .	det_poss:the:her	19433
The vision is why I was attracted to Science Faction .	His vision is why I was attracted to Science Faction .	det_poss:the:his	19434
So the girlfriend is also a fan ?	So your girlfriend is also a fan ?	det_poss:the:your	19435
The fiance is dead .	Her fiance is dead .	det_poss:the:her	19436
Both the wives did .	Both our wives did .	det_poss:the:our	19437
What is the take on it ?	What is your take on it ?	det_poss:the:your	19438
AP Political Writer They will not work in the White House .	AP Political Writer They will not work in my White House .	det_poss:the:my	19439
He began the warm-up and felt the calf muscle begin to tighten .	He began the warm-up and felt his calf muscle begin to tighten .	det_poss:the:his	19440
I am doing School Report with the school and mentoring people at another .	I am doing School Report with my school and mentoring people at another .	det_poss:the:my	19441
A man aged in the 40s was taken to hospital following the incident .	A man aged in his 40s was taken to hospital following the incident .	det_poss:the:his	19442
The efforts are focused on links to al Qaeda and their known affiliates .	Our efforts are focused on links to al Qaeda and their known affiliates .	det_poss:the:our	19443
Canned soups loomed large in the recipes .	Canned soups loomed large in her recipes .	det_poss:the:her	19444
The head is really confused .	My head is really confused .	det_poss:the:my	19445
" and " Where is the car ?	" and " Where is my car ?	det_poss:the:my	19446
She wants the wedding to be in Crawford , Texas .	She wants her wedding to be in Crawford , Texas .	det_poss:the:her	19447
The best bit is they do not rub the nose in it .	The best bit is they do not rub your nose in it .	det_poss:the:your	19448
The government is too involved in the life as it is .	The government is too involved in my life as it is .	det_poss:the:my	19449
The commitment to sport in Scotland is formidable .	Her commitment to sport in Scotland is formidable .	det_poss:the:her	19450
West growled at the partner .	West growled at his partner .	det_poss:the:his	19451
Next : Line up the fears in order of acuteness .	Next : Line up your fears in order of acuteness .	det_poss:the:your	19452
For Information Contact : The teammates did not do it .	For Information Contact : My teammates did not do it .	det_poss:the:my	19453
Winnie woke up Cathy Keesling by nuzzling the ear and caterwauling .	Winnie woke up Cathy Keesling by nuzzling her ear and caterwauling .	det_poss:the:her	19454
Couple get wedding pix after 27 years Some question the work ethic .	Couple get wedding pix after 27 years Some question his work ethic .	det_poss:the:his	19455
We should behave logically and leave aside the feelings .	We should behave logically and leave aside our feelings .	det_poss:the:our	19456
Mahay 1 0 0 0 2 0 But the family is clean .	Mahay 1 0 0 0 2 0 But my family is clean .	det_poss:the:my	19457
Soon a warrant was issued for the arrest .	Soon a warrant was issued for her arrest .	det_poss:the:her	19458
Yoguez said the business is normally filled with customers .	Yoguez said her business is normally filled with customers .	det_poss:the:her	19459
The governor and the aides felt they had few options .	The governor and his aides felt they had few options .	det_poss:the:his	19460
The ankle broke instead .	His ankle broke instead .	det_poss:the:his	19461
It was more like two computer programs running in the head .	It was more like two computer programs running in my head .	det_poss:the:my	19462
Then came the controversy surrounding the absences during the presidential election campaign .	Then came the controversy surrounding her absences during the presidential election campaign .	det_poss:the:her	19463
Mangini also promised to evaluate every person in the locker room .	Mangini also promised to evaluate every person in his locker room .	det_poss:the:his	19464
I trusted this woman to save the son 's life .	I trusted this woman to save my son 's life .	det_poss:the:my	19465
General Henebry is survived by the sons John Jr .	General Henebry is survived by his sons John Jr .	det_poss:the:his	19466
The eyes were dry and itchy , but she kept playing .	Her eyes were dry and itchy , but she kept playing .	det_poss:the:her	19467
President Bush has lost the respect as a country .	President Bush has lost our respect as a country .	det_poss:the:our	19468
Mrs. McClure thought of the daughters , ages 4 and 8 .	Mrs. McClure thought of her daughters , ages 4 and 8 .	det_poss:the:her	19469
The obstacles in a DRM-free world Is it the turn ?	The obstacles in a DRM-free world Is it your turn ?	det_poss:the:your	19470
Anthony made the mark last night with 24 points and 9 assists .	Anthony made his mark last night with 24 points and 9 assists .	det_poss:the:his	19471
Fortunately , that was not the case .	Fortunately , that was not my case .	det_poss:the:my	19472
" Journey 's End " was the career-defining show .	" Journey 's End " was my career-defining show .	det_poss:the:my	19473
The hair is snow white .	His hair is snow white .	det_poss:the:his	19474
Then the grandmother said that Imelda came to see her recently .	Then my grandmother said that Imelda came to see her recently .	det_poss:the:my	19475
The performance is nothing less that stunning , a miracle .	His performance is nothing less that stunning , a miracle .	det_poss:the:his	19476
It is irrelevant that the name is not on the mortgage obligation .	It is irrelevant that your name is not on the mortgage obligation .	det_poss:the:your	19477
I do not leave the house .	I do not leave my house .	det_poss:the:my	19478
The eyes teared up as he spoke .	His eyes teared up as he spoke .	det_poss:the:his	19479
Clip 3 Morale is good amongst the military .	Clip 3 Morale is good amongst our military .	det_poss:the:our	19480
The heroin was found strapped to the body .	The heroin was found strapped to his body .	det_poss:the:his	19481
I do the reports , but nobody in Pakistan can see them .	I do my reports , but nobody in Pakistan can see them .	det_poss:the:my	19482
Still , Williams and the family want more .	Still , Williams and her family want more .	det_poss:the:her	19483
She lost nearly all the family 's $ 100,000 in savings .	She lost nearly all her family 's $ 100,000 in savings .	det_poss:the:her	19484
The indictment suggests the ministry refused the offer .	The indictment suggests the ministry refused his offer .	det_poss:the:his	19485
Richard Fleischmann visited the son 's office in Charlotte Friday .	Richard Fleischmann visited his son 's office in Charlotte Friday .	det_poss:the:his	19486
The chops were better than ever , remarkably .	Her chops were better than ever , remarkably .	det_poss:the:her	19487
The group polices police actions .	His group polices police actions .	det_poss:the:his	19488
CNN : What are the hopes for Shibuya University for the future ?	CNN : What are your hopes for Shibuya University for the future ?	det_poss:the:your	19489
The kids needed topnotch instruction just to get and stay at grade level .	His kids needed topnotch instruction just to get and stay at grade level .	det_poss:the:his	19490
In private schools they are none of the business .	In private schools they are none of our business .	det_poss:the:our	19491
But for what I do , the friends ' parents are important people .	But for what I do , my friends ' parents are important people .	det_poss:the:my	19492
And he does not limit the portfolio to any certain market-cap size .	And he does not limit his portfolio to any certain market-cap size .	det_poss:the:his	19493
The meeting was later moved to Schultz 's nearby house .	His meeting was later moved to Schultz 's nearby house .	det_poss:the:his	19494
We are worried about what will happen to the relatives there .	We are worried about what will happen to our relatives there .	det_poss:the:our	19495
Let each one of us contribute to the best of the abilities .	Let each one of us contribute to the best of our abilities .	det_poss:the:our	19496
I have even taken work with me to the chemo appointments .	I have even taken work with me to my chemo appointments .	det_poss:the:my	19497
Evans was in the final year of the contract .	Evans was in the final year of his contract .	det_poss:the:his	19498
It just took the school district to figure it out .	It just took our school district to figure it out .	det_poss:the:our	19499
I do not think literally the life changed or will change at all .	I do not think literally my life changed or will change at all .	det_poss:the:my	19500
But he was best known for the defence of Scotch whisky .	But he was best known for his defence of Scotch whisky .	det_poss:the:his	19501
As usual , most of the contestants are male .	As usual , most of our contestants are male .	det_poss:the:our	19502
Now Ms Felkech and the family have to move .	Now Ms Felkech and her family have to move .	det_poss:the:her	19503
How would you describe the relationship with Gordon Brown ?	How would you describe your relationship with Gordon Brown ?	det_poss:the:your	19504
What keeps you from putting a gun in the mouth ?	What keeps you from putting a gun in your mouth ?	det_poss:the:your	19505
Abbas said he hoped the meeting with Olmert in Jerusalem would yield progress .	Abbas said he hoped his meeting with Olmert in Jerusalem would yield progress .	det_poss:the:his	19506
Mr. Perkovic , 42 , said the performances had been misinterpreted .	Mr. Perkovic , 42 , said his performances had been misinterpreted .	det_poss:the:his	19507
The huge turnout stunned Gen Musharraf and the advisers .	The huge turnout stunned Gen Musharraf and his advisers .	det_poss:the:his	19508
The guys have to deal with it .	Our guys have to deal with it .	det_poss:the:our	19509
Tellingly , the relationship with Ms. William-Olsson apparently made no waves .	Tellingly , his relationship with Ms. William-Olsson apparently made no waves .	det_poss:the:his	19510
The mainstay for a number of years was being a part-time teacher .	My mainstay for a number of years was being a part-time teacher .	det_poss:the:my	19511
President Bush arrives in New York on Monday ahead of the U.N. speech .	President Bush arrives in New York on Monday ahead of his U.N. speech .	det_poss:the:his	19512
I 'll supply the meat , you bring the appetite .	I 'll supply the meat , you bring your appetite .	det_poss:the:your	19513
She is headstrong , imaginative , wants things the way .	She is headstrong , imaginative , wants things her way .	det_poss:the:her	19514
Spears however , sat quietly in the car , with the top up .	Spears however , sat quietly in her car , with the top up .	det_poss:the:her	19515
The guy has given you the benefit of being completely honest with you .	Your guy has given you the benefit of being completely honest with you .	det_poss:the:your	19516
A : We made ourselves fully available to Lord Stevens for the inquiry .	A : We made ourselves fully available to Lord Stevens for his inquiry .	det_poss:the:his	19517
But the signature design was less dramatic .	But her signature design was less dramatic .	det_poss:the:her	19518
Prince has said the company supports Price 's bill .	Prince has said his company supports Price 's bill .	det_poss:the:his	19519
The cause was complications of leukemia , the daughter Sarah Crichton said .	The cause was complications of leukemia , her daughter Sarah Crichton said .	det_poss:the:her	19520
Ward left the game in the second half after reinjuring the ankle .	Ward left the game in the second half after reinjuring his ankle .	det_poss:the:his	19521
... It was the son .	... It was my son .	det_poss:the:my	19522
That is where I got the name .	That is where I got my name .	det_poss:the:my	19523
The staff always worry about the impact of such targets on programme quality .	Our staff always worry about the impact of such targets on programme quality .	det_poss:the:our	19524
The arrival at Douala , however , was far less enjoyable .	My arrival at Douala , however , was far less enjoyable .	det_poss:the:my	19525
But is it improving the travel experience -- or just their bottom line ?	But is it improving your travel experience -- or just their bottom line ?	det_poss:the:your	19526
I squirm away slightly , towards the side of the bed .	I squirm away slightly , towards my side of the bed .	det_poss:the:my	19527
Maybe you 'll find it useful for the piece .	Maybe you 'll find it useful for your piece .	det_poss:the:your	19528
Also , the penis is missing .	Also , his penis is missing .	det_poss:the:his	19529
They even pitched in and bought the sneakers she seems quite proud of .	They even pitched in and bought her sneakers she seems quite proud of .	det_poss:the:her	19530
" I miss the workers , " he said .	" I miss my workers , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	19531
Mr Harrold also had to surrender the passport during the brief court appearance .	Mr Harrold also had to surrender his passport during the brief court appearance .	det_poss:the:his	19532
He was hugely influential in developing the playing career .	He was hugely influential in developing my playing career .	det_poss:the:my	19533
Our greatest need is to master the threat of the numbers .	Our greatest need is to master the threat of our numbers .	det_poss:the:our	19534
Maybe you should just ask the friends to take it easy .	Maybe you should just ask your friends to take it easy .	det_poss:the:your	19535
What are the strengths , weaknesses , opportunities and threats ?	What are your strengths , weaknesses , opportunities and threats ?	det_poss:the:your	19536
Italy captain Marco Bortolami vowed that the team will rise to the challenge .	Italy captain Marco Bortolami vowed that his team will rise to the challenge .	det_poss:the:his	19537
Sir Malcolm said that the plans were the unfinished business of devolution .	Sir Malcolm said that his plans were the unfinished business of devolution .	det_poss:the:his	19538
Deep in the hearts we know that the best things said come last .	Deep in our hearts we know that the best things said come last .	det_poss:the:our	19539
The son Michael perked up .	Her son Michael perked up .	det_poss:the:her	19540
That is why we are top of the group , actually .	That is why we are top of our group , actually .	det_poss:the:our	19541
She began with a one-mile walk when the baby was two weeks old .	She began with a one-mile walk when her baby was two weeks old .	det_poss:the:her	19542
Mullarkey is still recovering from the deep slash wound to the throat .	Mullarkey is still recovering from the deep slash wound to his throat .	det_poss:the:his	19543
The voice had a quality like no others .	His voice had a quality like no others .	det_poss:the:his	19544
Today 's announcement has risen out of the discussions .	Today 's announcement has risen out of our discussions .	det_poss:the:our	19545
He took Cowher 's program and the players and kept the same concept .	He took Cowher 's program and his players and kept the same concept .	det_poss:the:his	19546
Or so wrote Schlesinger in the journals .	Or so wrote Schlesinger in his journals .	det_poss:the:his	19547
On a recent day , Lakhan visited the son at the school .	On a recent day , Lakhan visited his son at the school .	det_poss:the:his	19548
When I began the career , there was a scarcity of capital .	When I began my career , there was a scarcity of capital .	det_poss:the:my	19549
Hall earned the license in July .	Hall earned his license in July .	det_poss:the:his	19550
Would it interfere with the spray tan ?	Would it interfere with my spray tan ?	det_poss:the:my	19551
Judge Rose cited Ms. Porter 's study in the ruling .	Judge Rose cited Ms. Porter 's study in his ruling .	det_poss:the:his	19552
SOURCE Casey Family Programs The pieces employ different applications .	SOURCE Casey Family Programs His pieces employ different applications .	det_poss:the:his	19553
They need to respect him and the knowledge , and vice versa .	They need to respect him and his knowledge , and vice versa .	det_poss:the:his	19554
They line up like ducklings , following the inside .	They line up like ducklings , following her inside .	det_poss:the:her	19555
DNA from the toothbrush matched that found on the victim .	DNA from his toothbrush matched that found on the victim .	det_poss:the:his	19556
We play for the fans .	We play for our fans .	det_poss:the:our	19557
Perhaps it is healthier the way .	Perhaps it is healthier our way .	det_poss:the:our	19558
Tears streaming down the cheeks and I just prayed .	Tears streaming down my cheeks and I just prayed .	det_poss:the:my	19559
That certainly will provide a contrast to what the position is .	That certainly will provide a contrast to what her position is .	det_poss:the:her	19560
The woman and the daughter were both hit by the bullets .	The woman and her daughter were both hit by the bullets .	det_poss:the:her	19561
Unsurprisingly , Dallaglio gave up the anonymity .	Unsurprisingly , Dallaglio gave up his anonymity .	det_poss:the:his	19562
Tamir-Helfgott also flirted with leaving the homeland .	Tamir-Helfgott also flirted with leaving her homeland .	det_poss:the:her	19563
He has a right to stick that on the shirt .	He has a right to stick that on his shirt .	det_poss:the:his	19564
In the case , I am going to try to stay ahead .	In my case , I am going to try to stay ahead .	det_poss:the:my	19565
The son told her the terrible news .	Her son told her the terrible news .	det_poss:the:her	19566
" The children are testing these products , " she said .	" Our children are testing these products , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	19567
I have done the job .	I have done my job .	det_poss:the:my	19568
L. Vincent He runs a serious risk of undermining the brand .	L. Vincent He runs a serious risk of undermining his brand .	det_poss:the:his	19569
Budaj reached with the glove and made the save .	Budaj reached with his glove and made the save .	det_poss:the:his	19570
The Facebook entry contained his date of birth and home town .	His Facebook entry contained his date of birth and home town .	det_poss:the:his	19571
I took note to follow the lead .	I took note to follow her lead .	det_poss:the:her	19572
When the soldiers fired back , shrapnel hit the eye .	When the soldiers fired back , shrapnel hit his eye .	det_poss:the:his	19573
Sometimes the competitors have had better stuff than other times .	Sometimes our competitors have had better stuff than other times .	det_poss:the:our	19574
The boyfriend hates you .	My boyfriend hates you .	det_poss:the:my	19575
He has been critical to the success during the past six years .	He has been critical to our success during the past six years .	det_poss:the:our	19576
She has ridden with a cast on the arm and foot .	She has ridden with a cast on her arm and foot .	det_poss:the:her	19577
That broad smile never leaves the face for long .	That broad smile never leaves her face for long .	det_poss:the:her	19578
" " The job will not change that much .	" " My job will not change that much .	det_poss:the:my	19579
But the life does not end at 5 pm each day .	But your life does not end at 5 pm each day .	det_poss:the:your	19580
Then click here to vote for the favorite .	Then click here to vote for your favorite .	det_poss:the:your	19581
Ms. Esfandiari credits the intervention with her release .	Ms. Esfandiari credits his intervention with her release .	det_poss:the:his	19582
The strategy for Homestead-Miami will not change .	His strategy for Homestead-Miami will not change .	det_poss:the:his	19583
Attorney General Michael Mukasey speaks during the swearing-in ceremony Wednesday in Washington .	Attorney General Michael Mukasey speaks during his swearing-in ceremony Wednesday in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	19584
Michael Mukasey 's answers about waterboarding has increased opposition to the nomination .	Michael Mukasey 's answers about waterboarding has increased opposition to his nomination .	det_poss:the:his	19585
Is The Car a Boy or a Girl ?	Is Your Car a Boy or a Girl ?	det_poss:the:your	19586
Hitch , once of West Point , is the deputy and friend .	Hitch , once of West Point , is his deputy and friend .	det_poss:the:his	19587
You have left a huge gap in the lives .	You have left a huge gap in our lives .	det_poss:the:our	19588
That is the strength and gives us food for thought .	That is his strength and gives us food for thought .	det_poss:the:his	19589
I was definitely not alone in the reaction to its launch .	I was definitely not alone in my reaction to its launch .	det_poss:the:my	19590
It disturbs the work .	It disturbs our work .	det_poss:the:our	19591
For the information , retarded is spelled M-Y-E-R-S .	For his information , retarded is spelled M-Y-E-R-S .	det_poss:the:his	19592
I stayed with the plan : See the ball , hit the ball .	I stayed with my plan : See the ball , hit the ball .	det_poss:the:my	19593
Wigoda , 53 , celebrates Hanukkah , which occasionally coincides with the birthday .	Wigoda , 53 , celebrates Hanukkah , which occasionally coincides with her birthday .	det_poss:the:her	19594
His past experience and the technology vision are key strengths .	His past experience and his technology vision are key strengths .	det_poss:the:his	19595
Realistic talk about war and how the Marines were doing .	Realistic talk about war and how his Marines were doing .	det_poss:the:his	19596
The comments followed a similar assessment from Citigroup Inc. on Monday .	His comments followed a similar assessment from Citigroup Inc. on Monday .	det_poss:the:his	19597
The understanding of what it means to be a soldier has increased infinitely .	My understanding of what it means to be a soldier has increased infinitely .	det_poss:the:my	19598
He gazes at the Mandarin Oriental hotel surroundings off Maryland Avenue .	He gazes at his Mandarin Oriental hotel surroundings off Maryland Avenue .	det_poss:the:his	19599
He spent most of the career at BP .	He spent most of his career at BP .	det_poss:the:his	19600
It was the age .	It was his age .	det_poss:the:his	19601
We can find you , based on the database .	We can find you , based on our database .	det_poss:the:our	19602
Never give out personal info on the profile .	Never give out personal info on your profile .	det_poss:the:your	19603
The shoes go unused .	His shoes go unused .	det_poss:the:his	19604
She said the son was scolded while playing Frisbee .	She said her son was scolded while playing Frisbee .	det_poss:the:her	19605
, said in a message posted on the organization 's Web site .	, said in a message posted on his organization 's Web site .	det_poss:the:his	19606
When the doorbell rang in mid-December a year ago , boxes were everywhere .	When my doorbell rang in mid-December a year ago , boxes were everywhere .	det_poss:the:my	19607
Investigators were still trying to pinpoint the time of the death .	Investigators were still trying to pinpoint the time of her death .	det_poss:the:her	19608
Then he looked at the cards again .	Then he looked at his cards again .	det_poss:the:his	19609
She had the ups and downs .	She had her ups and downs .	det_poss:the:her	19610
It was trapped by the hairspray .	It was trapped by his hairspray .	det_poss:the:his	19611
I am hoping some of the colleagues will join me .	I am hoping some of my colleagues will join me .	det_poss:the:my	19612
Federer ran the record to 61-7 this season of six titles .	Federer ran his record to 61-7 this season of six titles .	det_poss:the:his	19613
Space crews prepare to part ways The eyes narrowed .	Space crews prepare to part ways His eyes narrowed .	det_poss:the:his	19614
She asked after the family , in particular about Babcia .	She asked after my family , in particular about Babcia .	det_poss:the:my	19615
And then you lost the way .	And then you lost your way .	det_poss:the:your	19616
Green-Thompson and the delegation met with hospital officials but declined any comment .	Green-Thompson and his delegation met with hospital officials but declined any comment .	det_poss:the:his	19617
" " I honestly thought he pitched better than the linescore .	" " I honestly thought he pitched better than his linescore .	det_poss:the:his	19618
The relations with Tony ( Blair ) were very good .	Our relations with Tony ( Blair ) were very good .	det_poss:the:our	19619
Enjoy shopping and preparing the meal - you are worth it .	Enjoy shopping and preparing your meal - you are worth it .	det_poss:the:your	19620
This year , Freudenthal took the antelope at about 200 yards .	This year , Freudenthal took his antelope at about 200 yards .	det_poss:the:his	19621
The office door creaked open .	My office door creaked open .	det_poss:the:my	19622
If convicted , he could spend the rest of the life in prison .	If convicted , he could spend the rest of his life in prison .	det_poss:the:his	19623
For all the success and wealth , he lacks a certain polish .	For all his success and wealth , he lacks a certain polish .	det_poss:the:his	19624
This was actually normal and , the guides told us , welcome .	This was actually normal and , our guides told us , welcome .	det_poss:the:our	19625
The lawyer has denied reports that the actor also took a drug overdose .	His lawyer has denied reports that the actor also took a drug overdose .	det_poss:the:his	19626
No one will realise that more than Frank Maloney , the promoter .	No one will realise that more than Frank Maloney , his promoter .	det_poss:the:his	19627
Chris Bosh led Toronto with 41 points , tying the career high .	Chris Bosh led Toronto with 41 points , tying his career high .	det_poss:the:his	19628
" " You understand that this procedure is the removal of the testicles ?	" " You understand that this procedure is the removal of your testicles ?	det_poss:the:your	19629
The shoes will be dry before you get there .	Your shoes will be dry before you get there .	det_poss:the:your	19630
The friends ' moms have her book .	My friends ' moms have her book .	det_poss:the:my	19631
We are diverse in the health literacy .	We are diverse in our health literacy .	det_poss:the:our	19632
The lawyer has since denied she was wearing any type of diaper .	Her lawyer has since denied she was wearing any type of diaper .	det_poss:the:her	19633
They videotaped what I said , took the phone number and address .	They videotaped what I said , took my phone number and address .	det_poss:the:my	19634
Thank you for the support .	Thank you for your support .	det_poss:the:your	19635
She now lives with the daughters , who are teenagers .	She now lives with her daughters , who are teenagers .	det_poss:the:her	19636
The jersey dresses with their double panels have a sensuous drape .	His jersey dresses with their double panels have a sensuous drape .	det_poss:the:his	19637
The feeling toward my iPhone has gone from reasonably hopeful to hopeless regret .	My feeling toward my iPhone has gone from reasonably hopeful to hopeless regret .	det_poss:the:my	19638
My father laid down the life for you and this nation .	My father laid down his life for you and this nation .	det_poss:the:his	19639
He turned away from the computer and motioned for me to sit down .	He turned away from his computer and motioned for me to sit down .	det_poss:the:his	19640
Also , we just decided to move the office downstairs .	Also , we just decided to move our office downstairs .	det_poss:the:our	19641
Frank 's decision to join the team speaks to the caliber of GunnAllen .	Frank 's decision to join our team speaks to the caliber of GunnAllen .	det_poss:the:our	19642
The three-spade rebid showed honor-doubleton .	Her three-spade rebid showed honor-doubleton .	det_poss:the:her	19643
But Heather was bored and wanted to get the name in there .	But Heather was bored and wanted to get her name in there .	det_poss:the:her	19644
They even shut Kathmandu airport for most of the day of the coup .	They even shut Kathmandu airport for most of the day of his coup .	det_poss:the:his	19645
The divorced mother-of-two announced the engagement to Mr Weir last year .	The divorced mother-of-two announced her engagement to Mr Weir last year .	det_poss:the:her	19646
We talked about the work as a captain in Saddam Hussein 's army .	We talked about his work as a captain in Saddam Hussein 's army .	det_poss:the:his	19647
Finally , she returned to the sport .	Finally , she returned to her sport .	det_poss:the:her	19648
The psyche and whole being was so wrapped up in Bailey .	My psyche and whole being was so wrapped up in Bailey .	det_poss:the:my	19649
And she has the tongue pierced .	And she has her tongue pierced .	det_poss:the:her	19650
The daughter was not at the news conference .	His daughter was not at the news conference .	det_poss:the:his	19651
The description of life with the bullies is certainly powerful .	Her description of life with the bullies is certainly powerful .	det_poss:the:her	19652
He lost the brother-in-law to the ice a few years ago .	He lost his brother-in-law to the ice a few years ago .	det_poss:the:his	19653
2010 The year the contract as Scotland manager is due to expire .	2010 The year his contract as Scotland manager is due to expire .	det_poss:the:his	19654
That response reflects Chesney 's attitude toward the success .	That response reflects Chesney 's attitude toward his success .	det_poss:the:his	19655
Republican state Attorney General Jon Bruning has already announced the plans to run .	Republican state Attorney General Jon Bruning has already announced his plans to run .	det_poss:the:his	19656
About half of Mr. Paul 's staff members work out of the headquarters .	About half of Mr. Paul 's staff members work out of his headquarters .	det_poss:the:his	19657
There are certain things that are indicative to certain parts of the country .	There are certain things that are indicative to certain parts of our country .	det_poss:the:our	19658
But in this limbo the stomachs are churning .	But in this limbo our stomachs are churning .	det_poss:the:our	19659
Dealer , at the left , opens one diamond .	Dealer , at your left , opens one diamond .	det_poss:the:your	19660
After the inevitable boos , he delivered the punchline .	After the inevitable boos , he delivered his punchline .	det_poss:the:his	19661
Now the weekend is apparently over .	Now her weekend is apparently over .	det_poss:the:her	19662
Keep an open dialogue with the child about the bullying .	Keep an open dialogue with your child about the bullying .	det_poss:the:your	19663
The hope is Greg is done .	My hope is Greg is done .	det_poss:the:my	19664
This will prove the lawmakers are serious about seeing laws enforced .	This will prove our lawmakers are serious about seeing laws enforced .	det_poss:the:our	19665
The attacker 's flesh littered the site , the torso flung metres away .	The attacker 's flesh littered the site , his torso flung metres away .	det_poss:the:his	19666
The plans could simply be to spend time together as a family .	Your plans could simply be to spend time together as a family .	det_poss:the:your	19667
The bags were packed and provisions loaded .	My bags were packed and provisions loaded .	det_poss:the:my	19668
A medical examination confirmed the story and McColl was interviewed again by police .	A medical examination confirmed her story and McColl was interviewed again by police .	det_poss:the:her	19669
The pulse accelerated .	My pulse accelerated .	det_poss:the:my	19670
" Now I am growing the hair out , " she says .	" Now I am growing my hair out , " she says .	det_poss:the:my	19671
No one deserves the honors more , the associates agree .	No one deserves the honors more , his associates agree .	det_poss:the:his	19672
You can read the column here .	You can read his column here .	det_poss:the:his	19673
Porpora had begun embellishing the tours with historically dubious stories .	Porpora had begun embellishing his tours with historically dubious stories .	det_poss:the:his	19674
Voros made the NHL debut and played 8 : 31 .	Voros made his NHL debut and played 8 : 31 .	det_poss:the:his	19675
I do not know where the friends will be this weekend .	I do not know where my friends will be this weekend .	det_poss:the:my	19676
The comment was dismissed at the time as old-school dictator-talk .	His comment was dismissed at the time as old-school dictator-talk .	det_poss:the:his	19677
Some of the colleagues now carry guns , he said .	Some of his colleagues now carry guns , he said .	det_poss:the:his	19678
" Not guilty , The Honor , " Mr. Kerik replied .	" Not guilty , Your Honor , " Mr. Kerik replied .	det_poss:the:your	19679
Rossetto 's brother dated the briefly in 2001 .	Rossetto 's brother dated her briefly in 2001 .	det_poss:the:her	19680
Remove objects from the yard that might present a hazard to visitors .	Remove objects from your yard that might present a hazard to visitors .	det_poss:the:your	19681
Perry is not alone in the doubts .	Perry is not alone in his doubts .	det_poss:the:his	19682
The defense attacked the credibility .	The defense attacked her credibility .	det_poss:the:her	19683
She is expected to survive the injuries .	She is expected to survive her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	19684
The voice is supple , strong and seamlessly produced throughout the registers .	His voice is supple , strong and seamlessly produced throughout the registers .	det_poss:the:his	19685
And in the Seventh Year , Bush and the team rested .	And in the Seventh Year , Bush and his team rested .	det_poss:the:his	19686
He vowed to return to challenge Musharraf 's bid to extend the rule .	He vowed to return to challenge Musharraf 's bid to extend his rule .	det_poss:the:his	19687
I was ready to get the fantasy on all right .	I was ready to get my fantasy on all right .	det_poss:the:my	19688
The disposition reminds me of my parents .	Her disposition reminds me of my parents .	det_poss:the:her	19689
Now if the weight goes above 185 pounds , a penalty kicks in .	Now if his weight goes above 185 pounds , a penalty kicks in .	det_poss:the:his	19690
Nichols took note of that in the report .	Nichols took note of that in her report .	det_poss:the:her	19691
He told us the plans for the future of the country .	He told us his plans for the future of the country .	det_poss:the:his	19692
The letter was written to the children .	The letter was written to his children .	det_poss:the:his	19693
However , there are also family obligations tugging at the attention .	However , there are also family obligations tugging at your attention .	det_poss:the:your	19694
A string of the allies in parliament have also been unseated .	A string of his allies in parliament have also been unseated .	det_poss:the:his	19695
Tentatively , she broached the subject of breast-feeding with the daughter .	Tentatively , she broached the subject of breast-feeding with her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	19696
But when they were not ready , he changed the approach .	But when they were not ready , he changed his approach .	det_poss:the:his	19697
When the money ran out , the family sent him on the way .	When the money ran out , the family sent him on his way .	det_poss:the:his	19698
Attorney General Alberto Gonzales is leaving the post next month .	Attorney General Alberto Gonzales is leaving his post next month .	det_poss:the:his	19699
Would you use this product in the home ?	Would you use this product in your home ?	det_poss:the:your	19700
The company is operating in emergency mode .	His company is operating in emergency mode .	det_poss:the:his	19701
The police found him asleep in the car the next morning .	The police found him asleep in his car the next morning .	det_poss:the:his	19702
All the jokes are Christmas cracker jokes - I am famous for it !	All my jokes are Christmas cracker jokes - I am famous for it !	det_poss:the:my	19703
What about if someone starts downloading child pornography via the connection ?	What about if someone starts downloading child pornography via my connection ?	det_poss:the:my	19704
He told me he wanted us to celebrate the life .	He told me he wanted us to celebrate his life .	det_poss:the:his	19705
I was just living the life and working every day .	I was just living my life and working every day .	det_poss:the:my	19706
You 'd basically be throwing the audience away .	You 'd basically be throwing your audience away .	det_poss:the:your	19707
He also claimed that Kazakh authorities were targeting the family and close associates .	He also claimed that Kazakh authorities were targeting his family and close associates .	det_poss:the:his	19708
But that was not really on the minds two years ago .	But that was not really on our minds two years ago .	det_poss:the:our	19709
You can see the results in the performances .	You can see the results in his performances .	det_poss:the:his	19710
How else might an identity thief use the details ?	How else might an identity thief use my details ?	det_poss:the:my	19711
Becton denied the allegations , accusing the lawyer of misinterpreting the comments .	Becton denied the allegations , accusing the lawyer of misinterpreting his comments .	det_poss:the:his	19712
Work on flood defences under way I changed the position .	Work on flood defences under way I changed my position .	det_poss:the:my	19713
Democrats The video is being tweaked with input from the advisers .	Democrats The video is being tweaked with input from her advisers .	det_poss:the:her	19714
Now aged 84 , Turnbull recently released the autobiography .	Now aged 84 , Turnbull recently released his autobiography .	det_poss:the:his	19715
Finally , he is a bear of whom the children can be proud .	Finally , he is a bear of whom his children can be proud .	det_poss:the:his	19716
Q : So those are the getaway places .	Q : So those are your getaway places .	det_poss:the:your	19717
The capital is Kabul .	My capital is Kabul .	det_poss:the:my	19718
This is no time to douse the dinner in soy sauce .	This is no time to douse your dinner in soy sauce .	det_poss:the:your	19719
She has other things on the mind , too .	She has other things on her mind , too .	det_poss:the:her	19720
Montgomery did not take the stand in the wn defense .	Montgomery did not take the stand in her wn defense .	det_poss:the:her	19721
Owen Wilson returned to the Santa Monica , Calif .	Owen Wilson returned to his Santa Monica , Calif .	det_poss:the:his	19722
However , the advisers said she would ignore the request .	However , her advisers said she would ignore the request .	det_poss:the:her	19723
Saving money does not have to mean suppressing the inner-fashionista .	Saving money does not have to mean suppressing your inner-fashionista .	det_poss:the:your	19724
I changed the mind ' .	I changed my mind ' .	det_poss:the:my	19725
Subramaniam , amazingly virtuosic , lived up to the reputation .	Subramaniam , amazingly virtuosic , lived up to his reputation .	det_poss:the:his	19726
The body was later found on the street , covered with newspapers .	His body was later found on the street , covered with newspapers .	det_poss:the:his	19727
The comments prompted a stream of protest from listeners on message boards .	Her comments prompted a stream of protest from listeners on message boards .	det_poss:the:her	19728
A Conservative spokeswoman confirmed the party had accepted the resignation .	A Conservative spokeswoman confirmed the party had accepted his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	19729
Rep. Tom Tancredo I saw the ad .	Rep. Tom Tancredo I saw your ad .	det_poss:the:your	19730
" That is the goal , " he said .	" That is our goal , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	19731
The grandmother leaves Bible verses on his voice mail before games .	His grandmother leaves Bible verses on his voice mail before games .	det_poss:the:his	19732
And how do we express the thanks ?	And how do we express our thanks ?	det_poss:the:our	19733
She also gave the birth date as Jan. 5 , 1917 .	She also gave her birth date as Jan. 5 , 1917 .	det_poss:the:her	19734
Most of the life I am essentially without liberty and homeless .	Most of my life I am essentially without liberty and homeless .	det_poss:the:my	19735
And now , because of him , the knee 's hurt .	And now , because of him , my knee 's hurt .	det_poss:the:my	19736
The very last thing I packed was the computer .	The very last thing I packed was my computer .	det_poss:the:my	19737
I am going to get the driver 's license and a car .	I am going to get my driver 's license and a car .	det_poss:the:my	19738
The record on women 's issues was not good .	Her record on women 's issues was not good .	det_poss:the:her	19739
He is pretty smooth with the boxing ability .	He is pretty smooth with his boxing ability .	det_poss:the:his	19740
I have a lot of Springsteen on the iPod .	I have a lot of Springsteen on my iPod .	det_poss:the:my	19741
I am guilty , and I will take the punishment .	I am guilty , and I will take my punishment .	det_poss:the:my	19742
GL : The arm is straight .	GL : Your arm is straight .	det_poss:the:your	19743
A quick ouster in last season 's playoffs did not help the cause .	A quick ouster in last season 's playoffs did not help his cause .	det_poss:the:his	19744
When I heard about the tour , I called the manager .	When I heard about the tour , I called my manager .	det_poss:the:my	19745
But the attention to many issues has been fitful .	But his attention to many issues has been fitful .	det_poss:the:his	19746
I feel really shamed for the family living in just a shelter .	I feel really shamed for my family living in just a shelter .	det_poss:the:my	19747
We are here to claim the rights .	We are here to claim our rights .	det_poss:the:our	19748
Yang adjusted the glasses .	Yang adjusted his glasses .	det_poss:the:his	19749
The security measures are tight .	His security measures are tight .	det_poss:the:his	19750
Detectives are treating the death as murder .	Detectives are treating his death as murder .	det_poss:the:his	19751
There is a special place in the heart for him .	There is a special place in my heart for him .	det_poss:the:my	19752
Romney also played to social conservatives repeating the condemnation of same-sex marriages .	Romney also played to social conservatives repeating his condemnation of same-sex marriages .	det_poss:the:his	19753
With a crowded calendar , it is hard to get the stuff going .	With a crowded calendar , it is hard to get your stuff going .	det_poss:the:your	19754
Theron plays Emily Sanders , the detective leading the investigation into the disappearance .	Theron plays Emily Sanders , the detective leading the investigation into his disappearance .	det_poss:the:his	19755
She always had a knowing grin that made the gyrations seem less charged .	She always had a knowing grin that made her gyrations seem less charged .	det_poss:the:her	19756
She does not understand that the toys are gone , though .	She does not understand that her toys are gone , though .	det_poss:the:her	19757
Ting accompanied Bonds when he visited Balco to have the blood drawn .	Ting accompanied Bonds when he visited Balco to have his blood drawn .	det_poss:the:his	19758
On Saturday he seemed happy to let the orchestra players be themselves .	On Saturday he seemed happy to let his orchestra players be themselves .	det_poss:the:his	19759
None of the friends suspected anything sinister about him , she said .	None of her friends suspected anything sinister about him , she said .	det_poss:the:her	19760
Craig has stepped down from the role in the campaign .	Craig has stepped down from his role in the campaign .	det_poss:the:his	19761
VFW is one of the nation 's finest organizations .	VFW is one of our nation 's finest organizations .	det_poss:the:our	19762
The cause was a stroke , the granddaughter Daisy Colchie Eniex said .	The cause was a stroke , her granddaughter Daisy Colchie Eniex said .	det_poss:the:her	19763
Where have the hats come from ?	Where have your hats come from ?	det_poss:the:your	19764
She is already one in the circle of society friends .	She is already one in her circle of society friends .	det_poss:the:her	19765
The head fell briefly to his hands .	His head fell briefly to his hands .	det_poss:the:his	19766
Can the standards really have sunk so low ?	Can our standards really have sunk so low ?	det_poss:the:our	19767
He can even defend some of the point guards in the league .	He can even defend some of the point guards in our league .	det_poss:the:our	19768
She just stayed under the blanket , shivering .	She just stayed under her blanket , shivering .	det_poss:the:her	19769
I publish the e-mail addresses of customer-service executives on the Web site .	I publish the e-mail addresses of customer-service executives on my Web site .	det_poss:the:my	19770
A makeshift bomb exploded near the convoy in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his convoy in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	19771
Putin brands the foes ' jackals' Potentially , though , he could hang .	Putin brands his foes ' jackals' Potentially , though , he could hang .	det_poss:the:his	19772
The shape right now is probably 70 percent .	My shape right now is probably 70 percent .	det_poss:the:my	19773
With tutoring from Sarah , Thompson brought up the grades .	With tutoring from Sarah , Thompson brought up his grades .	det_poss:the:his	19774
Excerpts of the speech were made available by the White House .	Excerpts of his speech were made available by the White House .	det_poss:the:his	19775
He compares the music to McDonalds .	He compares his music to McDonalds .	det_poss:the:his	19776
We would not want the children to go in it .	We would not want our children to go in it .	det_poss:the:our	19777
Megan rolled the eyes .	Megan rolled her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	19778
They had hung him up and burned the tongue with matches .	They had hung him up and burned his tongue with matches .	det_poss:the:his	19779
He mobilised trucks from the Edenbridge firm to carry out the task .	He mobilised trucks from his Edenbridge firm to carry out the task .	det_poss:the:his	19780
Benayoun tricked the way forward and went close .	Benayoun tricked his way forward and went close .	det_poss:the:his	19781
Gibson puts a premium on making the details rich .	Gibson puts a premium on making his details rich .	det_poss:the:his	19782
" The life is quiet , low profile , " she said .	" My life is quiet , low profile , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	19783
That is because the exercises are not meant to train your body .	That is because his exercises are not meant to train your body .	det_poss:the:his	19784
Soften physical tensions and calm the mind and emotions .	Soften physical tensions and calm your mind and emotions .	det_poss:the:your	19785
The heart goes out to his young family for their loss .	My heart goes out to his young family for their loss .	det_poss:the:my	19786
She was the meeting , she later discovered .	She was his meeting , she later discovered .	det_poss:the:his	19787
Baseball pitcher Thomas Glavine and Christine Glavine She was then in the mid-60s .	Baseball pitcher Thomas Glavine and Christine Glavine She was then in her mid-60s .	det_poss:the:her	19788
" The Bush people stole the name , " Klayman said .	" The Bush people stole my name , " Klayman said .	det_poss:the:my	19789
But in 2007 she was finally reunited with the family .	But in 2007 she was finally reunited with her family .	det_poss:the:her	19790
Boxer displayed a blown-up photograph of the meeting in Iraq with the general .	Boxer displayed a blown-up photograph of her meeting in Iraq with the general .	det_poss:the:her	19791
And that self-censorship represents a diminution of the freedom .	And that self-censorship represents a diminution of our freedom .	det_poss:the:our	19792
When Dizzy entered a room everyone benefited by the presence .	When Dizzy entered a room everyone benefited by his presence .	det_poss:the:his	19793
He took the life , and so he deserves to be punished .	He took her life , and so he deserves to be punished .	det_poss:the:her	19794
And in the process , they contribute billions of dollars to the economy .	And in the process , they contribute billions of dollars to our economy .	det_poss:the:our	19795
The determination has always been his great strength .	His determination has always been his great strength .	det_poss:the:his	19796
Bean and the colleagues have been working on the November inflation report .	Bean and his colleagues have been working on the November inflation report .	det_poss:the:his	19797
The report appears in Wednesday 's Journal of the American Medical Association .	Her report appears in Wednesday 's Journal of the American Medical Association .	det_poss:the:her	19798
The body was recovered by police divers two days later .	Her body was recovered by police divers two days later .	det_poss:the:her	19799
The aides confirmed that she was referring to Obama .	Her aides confirmed that she was referring to Obama .	det_poss:the:her	19800
Some of the kicks have gone over and some have not .	Some of my kicks have gone over and some have not .	det_poss:the:my	19801
Listening for extended periods can be hazardous to the commitment to democracy .	Listening for extended periods can be hazardous to your commitment to democracy .	det_poss:the:your	19802
He is the love of the life .	He is the love of her life .	det_poss:the:her	19803
Time , at least for now , is on the side .	Time , at least for now , is on his side .	det_poss:the:his	19804
Greek power stations are among the dirtiest in Europe , the correspondent says .	Greek power stations are among the dirtiest in Europe , our correspondent says .	det_poss:the:our	19805
But Ms. Bushnell 's friends are not so circumspect in describing the reaction .	But Ms. Bushnell 's friends are not so circumspect in describing her reaction .	det_poss:the:her	19806
I do not think enough of the players did that .	I do not think enough of our players did that .	det_poss:the:our	19807
He said the daughter even passed out candy on Halloween .	He said his daughter even passed out candy on Halloween .	det_poss:the:his	19808
" " The technology , however , create a new ethical concerns .	" " Our technology , however , create a new ethical concerns .	det_poss:the:our	19809
I am selling the farm in the UK and moving to France .	I am selling my farm in the UK and moving to France .	det_poss:the:my	19810
Nicholas and the family were executed on July 17 , 1918 .	Nicholas and his family were executed on July 17 , 1918 .	det_poss:the:his	19811
The Duke was wearing the Trinity House uniform .	The Duke was wearing his Trinity House uniform .	det_poss:the:his	19812
The secret to investing is giving the money time to grow .	The secret to investing is giving your money time to grow .	det_poss:the:your	19813
And we can go live the lives in whatever way we want .	And we can go live our lives in whatever way we want .	det_poss:the:our	19814
He had not intended ending the career the way it did .	He had not intended ending his career the way it did .	det_poss:the:his	19815
The ribs might break .	His ribs might break .	det_poss:the:his	19816
The number will be a constant reminder of his mandate .	His number will be a constant reminder of his mandate .	det_poss:the:his	19817
It is always what 's just musically in the heart .	It is always what 's just musically in my heart .	det_poss:the:my	19818
The athletic star keeps the body mini-dress ready by visiting the gym often .	The athletic star keeps her body mini-dress ready by visiting the gym often .	det_poss:the:her	19819
The Master of Science in nursing was completed at Ohio State University .	Her Master of Science in nursing was completed at Ohio State University .	det_poss:the:her	19820
Kanye West did not look cooler by wearing the sunglasses indoors .	Kanye West did not look cooler by wearing his sunglasses indoors .	det_poss:the:his	19821
He cracked the toes .	He cracked his toes .	det_poss:the:his	19822
" We do not self-initiate any of the investigations , " Goyeneche said .	" We do not self-initiate any of our investigations , " Goyeneche said .	det_poss:the:our	19823
Hellman may have despised the moral cowardice of the characters .	Hellman may have despised the moral cowardice of her characters .	det_poss:the:her	19824
The son grew up in the public eye .	My son grew up in the public eye .	det_poss:the:my	19825
He was acquitted of perjury related to allegations he falsely declared the assets .	He was acquitted of perjury related to allegations he falsely declared his assets .	det_poss:the:his	19826
I never fly without the Bose noise-reducing headphones .	I never fly without my Bose noise-reducing headphones .	det_poss:the:my	19827
" There are many who will seek the support , " said Huckabee .	" There are many who will seek our support , " said Huckabee .	det_poss:the:our	19828
I have therefore to put the hand up for Edward Lear .	I have therefore to put my hand up for Edward Lear .	det_poss:the:my	19829
As soon as he got the trousers he went away .	As soon as he got my trousers he went away .	det_poss:the:my	19830
The economy is increasingly under their sway .	Our economy is increasingly under their sway .	det_poss:the:our	19831
Witnesses also testified that Norris imposed a strict military structure in the home .	Witnesses also testified that Norris imposed a strict military structure in his home .	det_poss:the:his	19832
JOB SEEKERS : Use the SP 500 to plan the sales career .	JOB SEEKERS : Use the SP 500 to plan your sales career .	det_poss:the:your	19833
Smith revealed no details of the involvement with the Anchorage senator .	Smith revealed no details of his involvement with the Anchorage senator .	det_poss:the:his	19834
What could she sell in the house for cash ?	What could she sell in her house for cash ?	det_poss:the:her	19835
" " She was the Anna Nicole Smith of the day .	" " She was the Anna Nicole Smith of her day .	det_poss:the:her	19836
" " I am just not happy with the direction of the party .	" " I am just not happy with the direction of our party .	det_poss:the:our	19837
Ms. Paolantonio is asked about the Calitri family .	Ms. Paolantonio is asked about her Calitri family .	det_poss:the:her	19838
Jonny Wilkinson Jonny is fairly awe-inspiring in the dedication to rugby .	Jonny Wilkinson Jonny is fairly awe-inspiring in his dedication to rugby .	det_poss:the:his	19839
Hunter pleaded guilty to petty theft and a judge gave the time served .	Hunter pleaded guilty to petty theft and a judge gave her time served .	det_poss:the:her	19840
Levy successfully defended the thesis Oct. 11 .	Levy successfully defended his thesis Oct. 11 .	det_poss:the:his	19841
Cameras captured the image as he arrived at Bangkok 's international airport .	Cameras captured his image as he arrived at Bangkok 's international airport .	det_poss:the:his	19842
Tears stream down the face and she begins trembling amid a steady rain .	Tears stream down her face and she begins trembling amid a steady rain .	det_poss:the:her	19843
Born in Glasgow in 1926 , Baxter honed the talent during National Service .	Born in Glasgow in 1926 , Baxter honed his talent during National Service .	det_poss:the:his	19844
She " continues to change the positions , " he said .	She " continues to change her positions , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	19845
For Newspapers only Just open the phone !	For Newspapers only Just open your phone !	det_poss:the:your	19846
Below you 'll find a note she recently sent outlining the idea .	Below you 'll find a note she recently sent outlining her idea .	det_poss:the:her	19847
" I am disappointed in the decision , sure , " Rice said .	" I am disappointed in his decision , sure , " Rice said .	det_poss:the:his	19848
The bill has yet to see the light of a Council vote .	His bill has yet to see the light of a Council vote .	det_poss:the:his	19849
Rodriguez has 48 home runs this season and 512 in the career .	Rodriguez has 48 home runs this season and 512 in his career .	det_poss:the:his	19850
Fill the belly with schnitzels and beer during Oktoberfest Oct. 5-7 .	Fill your belly with schnitzels and beer during Oktoberfest Oct. 5-7 .	det_poss:the:your	19851
Marginalised The family have blamed it on the IRA .	Marginalised His family have blamed it on the IRA .	det_poss:the:his	19852
We look forward to the response at the hearing this week .	We look forward to your response at the hearing this week .	det_poss:the:your	19853
Mr Khan vowed to clear the son 's name .	Mr Khan vowed to clear his son 's name .	det_poss:the:his	19854
Hetlage said he and the business partners figured the development would be popular .	Hetlage said he and his business partners figured the development would be popular .	det_poss:the:his	19855
I am drastically revising the views on the value of this album .	I am drastically revising my views on the value of this album .	det_poss:the:my	19856
So it was something in the life I 'll always remember .	So it was something in my life I 'll always remember .	det_poss:the:my	19857
This time , the topic is Tolstoy 's characters .	This time , our topic is Tolstoy 's characters .	det_poss:the:our	19858
It depends on the state of the team .	It depends on the state of your team .	det_poss:the:your	19859
To the knowledge , she said , neither has any member of Congress .	To her knowledge , she said , neither has any member of Congress .	det_poss:the:her	19860
The death was confirmed by his niece , Chi Chi Banducci .	His death was confirmed by his niece , Chi Chi Banducci .	det_poss:the:his	19861
She instead thanked the supporters .	She instead thanked her supporters .	det_poss:the:her	19862
The key is always to see the vet .	The key is always to see your vet .	det_poss:the:your	19863
And double-check that the insurance policy covers pre-existing conditions , he adds .	And double-check that your insurance policy covers pre-existing conditions , he adds .	det_poss:the:your	19864
Individuals are nothing ; the relationship and interaction instead , define and matter .	Individuals are nothing ; our relationship and interaction instead , define and matter .	det_poss:the:our	19865
The condition is described as extremely poorly .	Her condition is described as extremely poorly .	det_poss:the:her	19866
Australian Museum naturalist Martyn Robinson said he preferred the bogongs raw .	Australian Museum naturalist Martyn Robinson said he preferred his bogongs raw .	det_poss:the:his	19867
That is the obligation as a government .	That is our obligation as a government .	det_poss:the:our	19868
You get the point .	You get my point .	det_poss:the:my	19869
He later postponed the decision until the judge ruled .	He later postponed his decision until the judge ruled .	det_poss:the:his	19870
" Money is not the drive at all , " Brennan said .	" Money is not my drive at all , " Brennan said .	det_poss:the:my	19871
I have been extremely upset by it all and so has the family .	I have been extremely upset by it all and so has my family .	det_poss:the:my	19872
A makeshift bomb exploded near the Humvee in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his Humvee in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	19873
The status was not immediately known .	His status was not immediately known .	det_poss:the:his	19874
He came and watched the show with the kids and enjoyed it .	He came and watched the show with his kids and enjoyed it .	det_poss:the:his	19875
He spent that week with the family at the hospital .	He spent that week with his family at the hospital .	det_poss:the:his	19876
Jennifer Gooch plans an art exhibition and book about the glove project .	Jennifer Gooch plans an art exhibition and book about her glove project .	det_poss:the:her	19877
Now Kitover 's classroom is the laptop .	Now Kitover 's classroom is her laptop .	det_poss:the:her	19878
But that was the strength .	But that was his strength .	det_poss:the:his	19879
He was capping the visit to Minnesota with a $ 1,000-per person fundraiser .	He was capping his visit to Minnesota with a $ 1,000-per person fundraiser .	det_poss:the:his	19880
The advisers see Florida as another potentially strong state for him .	His advisers see Florida as another potentially strong state for him .	det_poss:the:his	19881
I got the ticket about 10 days ago .	I got my ticket about 10 days ago .	det_poss:the:my	19882
We need help to save the people .	We need help to save our people .	det_poss:the:our	19883
Has criticized Benazir Bhutto in the columns for the English-language daily The News .	Has criticized Benazir Bhutto in her columns for the English-language daily The News .	det_poss:the:her	19884
" " The remarks gained him a lot of respect back .	" " His remarks gained him a lot of respect back .	det_poss:the:his	19885
I feel the pain .	I feel your pain .	det_poss:the:your	19886
Most of the music finds structures all its own .	Most of her music finds structures all its own .	det_poss:the:her	19887
Now there is a permanent hole in the throat .	Now there is a permanent hole in my throat .	det_poss:the:my	19888
Under the rule the opposition was dealt with ruthlessly .	Under his rule the opposition was dealt with ruthlessly .	det_poss:the:his	19889
What tipped the balance was the exposition on the meaning of a mortgage .	What tipped the balance was her exposition on the meaning of a mortgage .	det_poss:the:her	19890
" The guys competed tonight , " Sonics coach P.J. Carlesimo said .	" Our guys competed tonight , " Sonics coach P.J. Carlesimo said .	det_poss:the:our	19891
She mowed the lawn , pruned the trees and tended to the flowers .	She mowed the lawn , pruned the trees and tended to her flowers .	det_poss:the:her	19892
We have the rights , and they have theirs .	We have our rights , and they have theirs .	det_poss:the:our	19893
The world must meet this challenge to the conscience .	The world must meet this challenge to our conscience .	det_poss:the:our	19894
A victory would only be the second out of the United States .	A victory would only be his second out of the United States .	det_poss:the:his	19895
Bravata , a practicing internist , wanted to recommend pedometers to the patients .	Bravata , a practicing internist , wanted to recommend pedometers to her patients .	det_poss:the:her	19896
Mr. Thompson once asked the chief of staff , Tom Daffron .	Mr. Thompson once asked his chief of staff , Tom Daffron .	det_poss:the:his	19897
The low-down on airline clubs She did not drop the taste for luxury .	The low-down on airline clubs She did not drop her taste for luxury .	det_poss:the:her	19898
There , she said , the guard was up all the time .	There , she said , her guard was up all the time .	det_poss:the:her	19899
Then an oil leak was discovered in the Mantua neighborhood .	Then an oil leak was discovered in his Mantua neighborhood .	det_poss:the:his	19900
" " The collection is soothing to the eye and the body .	" " My collection is soothing to the eye and the body .	det_poss:the:my	19901
Captain Sloan said the toughest sell was the fiancée .	Captain Sloan said the toughest sell was his fiancée .	det_poss:the:his	19902
Click here to visit the Web site .	Click here to visit his Web site .	det_poss:the:his	19903
That is why the independence means so much to us .	That is why our independence means so much to us .	det_poss:the:our	19904
The guess is as good as mine .	Your guess is as good as mine .	det_poss:the:your	19905
I do not agree with the methods .	I do not agree with his methods .	det_poss:the:his	19906
At 36 Mosley will be facing an opponent nine years the junior .	At 36 Mosley will be facing an opponent nine years his junior .	det_poss:the:his	19907
The Bejart Ballet Lausanne is the latest generation of his proteges .	His Bejart Ballet Lausanne is the latest generation of his proteges .	det_poss:the:his	19908
We are starting to feel guilty about the policy .	We are starting to feel guilty about our policy .	det_poss:the:our	19909
I love the garden shed !	I love my garden shed !	det_poss:the:my	19910
When the scene begins , it seems the name has just been uttered .	When the scene begins , it seems my name has just been uttered .	det_poss:the:my	19911
All of the nudes did .	All of his nudes did .	det_poss:the:his	19912
The demons appear to be more superficial .	Her demons appear to be more superficial .	det_poss:the:her	19913
Ms. Congdon said that leaving ABC was the decision .	Ms. Congdon said that leaving ABC was her decision .	det_poss:the:her	19914
Bush 's tone was positive , but the message was firm .	Bush 's tone was positive , but his message was firm .	det_poss:the:his	19915
Substantiating the statement , Al Sharhan said : ?	Substantiating her statement , Al Sharhan said : ?	det_poss:the:her	19916
How do you rebuild the home after five years away ?	How do you rebuild your home after five years away ?	det_poss:the:your	19917
In the anguish , Jessica said , she stabbed the baby .	In her anguish , Jessica said , she stabbed the baby .	det_poss:the:her	19918
Pretty much the perfect way to describe Invisalign is Netflix for the teeth .	Pretty much the perfect way to describe Invisalign is Netflix for your teeth .	det_poss:the:your	19919
Dutt is appealing the sentence in the Supreme Court .	Dutt is appealing his sentence in the Supreme Court .	det_poss:the:his	19920
That is the society 's bent .	That is our society 's bent .	det_poss:the:our	19921
The status of the medals won by the relay teammates is uncertain .	The status of the medals won by her relay teammates is uncertain .	det_poss:the:her	19922
Smear some on plate to keep the boat secure .	Smear some on plate to keep your boat secure .	det_poss:the:your	19923
But that is as far as the use of the Web goes .	But that is as far as my use of the Web goes .	det_poss:the:my	19924
The journalism career includes editing roles at The Post and Inc. magazine .	His journalism career includes editing roles at The Post and Inc. magazine .	det_poss:the:his	19925
Still , he has the eye on new fundraising heights .	Still , he has his eye on new fundraising heights .	det_poss:the:his	19926
The ejection set the tone and only temporarily delayed the Phillies ' onslaught .	His ejection set the tone and only temporarily delayed the Phillies ' onslaught .	det_poss:the:his	19927
" He will be part of the rotation , " Phillips said .	" He will be part of our rotation , " Phillips said .	det_poss:the:our	19928
The role is to be a safe listening post .	Your role is to be a safe listening post .	det_poss:the:your	19929
Afterward , he bade good night and made the exit .	Afterward , he bade good night and made his exit .	det_poss:the:his	19930
Here , the policy should be obvious .	Here , our policy should be obvious .	det_poss:the:our	19931
You can sit down and use the money to get a little house .	You can sit down and use your money to get a little house .	det_poss:the:your	19932
He was shot in the head .	He was shot in his head .	det_poss:the:his	19933
The bid for the 2008 Democratic nomination seems less improbable by the day .	His bid for the 2008 Democratic nomination seems less improbable by the day .	det_poss:the:his	19934
Ban Ki Moon , UN Secretary General : It is the daughter 's .	Ban Ki Moon , UN Secretary General : It is his daughter 's .	det_poss:the:his	19935
With the pixie haircut and strong features , Comani 's an androgynous-looking woman .	With her pixie haircut and strong features , Comani 's an androgynous-looking woman .	det_poss:the:her	19936
Time the shopping .	Time your shopping .	det_poss:the:your	19937
" The class president was ex-military , " Black said .	" Our class president was ex-military , " Black said .	det_poss:the:our	19938
" The pictures have gone all over the world , " he said .	" My pictures have gone all over the world , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	19939
you survive , using the means at the disposal .	you survive , using the means at your disposal .	det_poss:the:your	19940
It was certainly the Tin Cup moment .	It was certainly my Tin Cup moment .	det_poss:the:my	19941
Kindness warms the heart and enriches the existence on this planet .	Kindness warms the heart and enriches our existence on this planet .	det_poss:the:our	19942
As far as he is concerned , exporting has saved the company .	As far as he is concerned , exporting has saved his company .	det_poss:the:his	19943
The back 's a bit stiff , but it is nothing serious .	My back 's a bit stiff , but it is nothing serious .	det_poss:the:my	19944
The No 10 had the wits about him last night .	The No 10 had his wits about him last night .	det_poss:the:his	19945
He dwells on the boyhood love of Morse code .	He dwells on his boyhood love of Morse code .	det_poss:the:his	19946
But he financed the college education as a cartoonist for the Columbus Dispatch .	But he financed his college education as a cartoonist for the Columbus Dispatch .	det_poss:the:his	19947
Operating ferries is part of the family 's tradition .	Operating ferries is part of his family 's tradition .	det_poss:the:his	19948
I think next quarter or two will see some movement from the side .	I think next quarter or two will see some movement from our side .	det_poss:the:our	19949
Should you report the neighbor ?	Should you report your neighbor ?	det_poss:the:your	19950
The daughter was not born with Down syndrome .	My daughter was not born with Down syndrome .	det_poss:the:my	19951
Today , the work is enormously sought-after .	Today , her work is enormously sought-after .	det_poss:the:her	19952
The blood pattern looks like an Olympic athlete 's .	My blood pattern looks like an Olympic athlete 's .	det_poss:the:my	19953
Bohannan is making long runs to the Alabama River to catch the limit .	Bohannan is making long runs to the Alabama River to catch his limit .	det_poss:the:his	19954
Has John Howard ' done the dash ' ?	Has John Howard ' done his dash ' ?	det_poss:the:his	19955
This is the cellie .	This is my cellie .	det_poss:the:my	19956
The relationship with the French government have always been shrouded in mystery .	His relationship with the French government have always been shrouded in mystery .	det_poss:the:his	19957
It made the night go fast .	It made my night go fast .	det_poss:the:my	19958
The team gave no timetable for the return .	The team gave no timetable for his return .	det_poss:the:his	19959
Mr. Greenspan will have plenty of opportunity to defend the record .	Mr. Greenspan will have plenty of opportunity to defend his record .	det_poss:the:his	19960
I thank you for the service .	I thank you for your service .	det_poss:the:your	19961
Commissioner Sandy Allen voiced the support for the zone meter .	Commissioner Sandy Allen voiced her support for the zone meter .	det_poss:the:her	19962
You can see them at the studio in Salvador .	You can see them at his studio in Salvador .	det_poss:the:his	19963
The report did not give the condition .	The report did not give his condition .	det_poss:the:his	19964
A second Indian designer , Anamika , will present the collection next Sunday .	A second Indian designer , Anamika , will present her collection next Sunday .	det_poss:the:her	19965
Advice : do not sign the name .	Advice : do not sign your name .	det_poss:the:your	19966
But 400 miles ( at Homestead ) , that is the goal .	But 400 miles ( at Homestead ) , that is my goal .	det_poss:the:my	19967
I want to fight cancer and spend time with the family .	I want to fight cancer and spend time with my family .	det_poss:the:my	19968
Earlier in the day , Edwards unveiled the six-point plan for fighting hunger .	Earlier in the day , Edwards unveiled his six-point plan for fighting hunger .	det_poss:the:his	19969
He would tell people the house burned down .	He would tell people his house burned down .	det_poss:the:his	19970
First Up : Vick In Court The stance was criticised by Ms Grahame .	First Up : Vick In Court Her stance was criticised by Ms Grahame .	det_poss:the:her	19971
In August , she joined the siblings for their reunion .	In August , she joined her siblings for their reunion .	det_poss:the:her	19972
Q : How do you use the laptop ?	Q : How do you use your laptop ?	det_poss:the:your	19973
But the presence has unexpected consequences for her and her family .	But his presence has unexpected consequences for her and her family .	det_poss:the:his	19974
But the play against the Cardinals gives the Panthers another option .	But his play against the Cardinals gives the Panthers another option .	det_poss:the:his	19975
It is just been the rule .	It is just been our rule .	det_poss:the:our	19976
What I want is control of the health-care .	What I want is control of my health-care .	det_poss:the:my	19977
The decision to remove Glennon was not based solely on the performance .	The decision to remove Glennon was not based solely on his performance .	det_poss:the:his	19978
All Georgians , they were assembled especially for the visit .	All Georgians , they were assembled especially for his visit .	det_poss:the:his	19979
Violent gangs Nothing should hinder the progress .	Violent gangs Nothing should hinder her progress .	det_poss:the:her	19980
He got him on the feet .	He got him on his feet .	det_poss:the:his	19981
Stinnett 's baby daughter is living with the family .	Stinnett 's baby daughter is living with her family .	det_poss:the:her	19982
" I have regained the rights , " Kabir said .	" I have regained my rights , " Kabir said .	det_poss:the:my	19983
The clothes were all about nine years old .	My clothes were all about nine years old .	det_poss:the:my	19984
Nevertheless , the mood in the party headquarters was jubilant .	Nevertheless , the mood in her party headquarters was jubilant .	det_poss:the:her	19985
It does not affect the commitment to our team .	It does not affect my commitment to our team .	det_poss:the:my	19986
This year he was given a two-year extension to the contract .	This year he was given a two-year extension to his contract .	det_poss:the:his	19987
Devers told the man to get the camera .	Devers told the man to get his camera .	det_poss:the:his	19988
Since returning to Pakistan , the negotiations with General Musharraf have stalled .	Since returning to Pakistan , her negotiations with General Musharraf have stalled .	det_poss:the:her	19989
Cambiasso shows the delgiht at scoring for league leaders Inter against Genoa .	Cambiasso shows his delgiht at scoring for league leaders Inter against Genoa .	det_poss:the:his	19990
Should I lend money to the deadbeat in-laws ?	Should I lend money to my deadbeat in-laws ?	det_poss:the:my	19991
I had one treatment and I went out with the friends drinking .	I had one treatment and I went out with my friends drinking .	det_poss:the:my	19992
" He is like the boss , " McCalebb said of Pasternack .	" He is like our boss , " McCalebb said of Pasternack .	det_poss:the:our	19993
Ms Fernández has given little away about the intentions .	Ms Fernández has given little away about her intentions .	det_poss:the:her	19994
After the firing , Busch signed on with Joe Gibbs Racing .	After his firing , Busch signed on with Joe Gibbs Racing .	det_poss:the:his	19995
Ulman fired the 62-year-old woman after a reporter started asking about the status .	Ulman fired the 62-year-old woman after a reporter started asking about her status .	det_poss:the:her	19996
But the new committee includes representatives from the wing of the party .	But the new committee includes representatives from his wing of the party .	det_poss:the:his	19997
See the GP .	See your GP .	det_poss:the:your	19998
Q : Why was Ruben Patterson so abruptly released by the team ?	Q : Why was Ruben Patterson so abruptly released by his team ?	det_poss:the:his	19999
Barlow said Jeffs should spend the rest of the life in jail .	Barlow said Jeffs should spend the rest of his life in jail .	det_poss:the:his	20000
The mood , sunny up till then , darkened .	His mood , sunny up till then , darkened .	det_poss:the:his	20001
Throughout the lives we accumulate titles .	Throughout our lives we accumulate titles .	det_poss:the:our	20002
The upbringing was nice , normal , middle-class .	Her upbringing was nice , normal , middle-class .	det_poss:the:her	20003
It is something that took the breath away .	It is something that took my breath away .	det_poss:the:my	20004
She does not know what the future is .	She does not know what her future is .	det_poss:the:her	20005
The situation is causing him and his family a lot of misery .	His situation is causing him and his family a lot of misery .	det_poss:the:his	20006
But it will add another layer of complexity to the legacy .	But it will add another layer of complexity to his legacy .	det_poss:the:his	20007
The judge has not determined the length of the jail sentence .	The judge has not determined the length of her jail sentence .	det_poss:the:her	20008
I was in the homeland .	I was in my homeland .	det_poss:the:my	20009
Paul loudly repeated the call for an end to the war in Iraq .	Paul loudly repeated his call for an end to the war in Iraq .	det_poss:the:his	20010
" The conscience is clear , " he told reporters .	" My conscience is clear , " he told reporters .	det_poss:the:my	20011
And , I am sure trying to do the part .	And , I am sure trying to do my part .	det_poss:the:my	20012
He is the cousin .	He is my cousin .	det_poss:the:my	20013
Later the same day the body was discovered on a railway line .	Later the same day his body was discovered on a railway line .	det_poss:the:his	20014
" Don 't turn the back on him , " Mulholland quips .	" Don 't turn your back on him , " Mulholland quips .	det_poss:the:your	20015
It is , after all , the staple of the preppy style .	It is , after all , the staple of his preppy style .	det_poss:the:his	20016
The challenge is selling experience .	His challenge is selling experience .	det_poss:the:his	20017
Watch the spending .	Watch your spending .	det_poss:the:your	20018
Gregory came down on the chest on the Colisee Pepsi ice .	Gregory came down on her chest on the Colisee Pepsi ice .	det_poss:the:her	20019
'Rubbish mountain' Merritt is more blunt in the assessment .	'Rubbish mountain' Merritt is more blunt in his assessment .	det_poss:the:his	20020
The admirer charms you with topics so varied .	Your admirer charms you with topics so varied .	det_poss:the:your	20021
That is the role .	That is her role .	det_poss:the:her	20022
The knees hurt .	My knees hurt .	det_poss:the:my	20023
She drank from the thermos , a long thirsty swig .	She drank from her thermos , a long thirsty swig .	det_poss:the:her	20024
What does seem to make him happy , though , is the family .	What does seem to make him happy , though , is his family .	det_poss:the:his	20025
The house , she told me , needed a new roof .	Her house , she told me , needed a new roof .	det_poss:the:her	20026
She always had a smile on the face .	She always had a smile on her face .	det_poss:the:her	20027
She had left the dog outside .	She had left her dog outside .	det_poss:the:her	20028
Mrs Denny was constantly being told by teachers about the behaviour .	Mrs Denny was constantly being told by teachers about his behaviour .	det_poss:the:his	20029
Nevertheless , he had the attention .	Nevertheless , he had her attention .	det_poss:the:her	20030
What would rattle the routine ?	What would rattle his routine ?	det_poss:the:his	20031
The calling was to be calling the horses home .	His calling was to be calling the horses home .	det_poss:the:his	20032
Doctors say the brain function is normal .	Doctors say her brain function is normal .	det_poss:the:her	20033
Only once was there a question about the religion .	Only once was there a question about his religion .	det_poss:the:his	20034
While not focusing on the courtroom , does he even know the name ?	While not focusing on the courtroom , does he even know her name ?	det_poss:the:her	20035
Corporate bullies are the bane .	Corporate bullies are her bane .	det_poss:the:her	20036
Mr. Jindal promptly withdrew the name .	Mr. Jindal promptly withdrew his name .	det_poss:the:his	20037
For the Telegraph , he has signed away the chances of political survival .	For the Telegraph , he has signed away his chances of political survival .	det_poss:the:his	20038
Was Rodriguez continuing the penchant for working harder than anyone else ?	Was Rodriguez continuing his penchant for working harder than anyone else ?	det_poss:the:his	20039
P lanning Good nutrition is also vital to the child 's overall health .	P lanning Good nutrition is also vital to your child 's overall health .	det_poss:the:your	20040
There are plenty of good players in the team .	There are plenty of good players in our team .	det_poss:the:our	20041
We have lost the way .	We have lost our way .	det_poss:the:our	20042
All the parts are assembled in the workrooms .	All the parts are assembled in his workrooms .	det_poss:the:his	20043
The confirmation has been pending since February .	His confirmation has been pending since February .	det_poss:the:his	20044
We have to be on the game .	We have to be on our game .	det_poss:the:our	20045
The solution for that was to become a credible source of information .	Our solution for that was to become a credible source of information .	det_poss:the:our	20046
That is the focus .	That is my focus .	det_poss:the:my	20047
Still , I kept the mouth shut .	Still , I kept my mouth shut .	det_poss:the:my	20048
The UK spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment .	Her UK spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment .	det_poss:the:her	20049
Does he ever lament the 11-year delay in building the dream house ?	Does he ever lament the 11-year delay in building his dream house ?	det_poss:the:his	20050
Like most designers , Krakoff trusts the gut instincts .	Like most designers , Krakoff trusts his gut instincts .	det_poss:the:his	20051
I might even have to kiss the hand , like Sarko .	I might even have to kiss her hand , like Sarko .	det_poss:the:her	20052
He will be christened in front of the family .	He will be christened in front of his family .	det_poss:the:his	20053
Is Iraq 's Sadr Mending The Ways ?	Is Iraq 's Sadr Mending His Ways ?	det_poss:the:his	20054
Rodriguez admitted pulling the 29-year-old officer from the patrol car .	Rodriguez admitted pulling the 29-year-old officer from his patrol car .	det_poss:the:his	20055
I expect ResidentialNYC.com to quickly gain traction in the industry .	I expect ResidentialNYC.com to quickly gain traction in our industry .	det_poss:the:our	20056
The cousin was already in the car .	My cousin was already in the car .	det_poss:the:my	20057
The wisdom and perspective have no doubt enriched your stepkids ' lives .	Your wisdom and perspective have no doubt enriched your stepkids ' lives .	det_poss:the:your	20058
Friedgen said Lemons is running better than he has during the career .	Friedgen said Lemons is running better than he has during his career .	det_poss:the:his	20059
Of course the situation is not very comfortable on the bench .	Of course my situation is not very comfortable on the bench .	det_poss:the:my	20060
He should be a valuable addition to the bullpen .	He should be a valuable addition to our bullpen .	det_poss:the:our	20061
I always had to remind him that the gratitude was misplaced .	I always had to remind him that his gratitude was misplaced .	det_poss:the:his	20062
The job is to steer the economy in the right direction .	His job is to steer the economy in the right direction .	det_poss:the:his	20063
Didn 't have the contacts on .	Didn 't have my contacts on .	det_poss:the:my	20064
Is he rescinding the resignation ?	Is he rescinding his resignation ?	det_poss:the:his	20065
Will algebra be the undoing ?	Will algebra be my undoing ?	det_poss:the:my	20066
Peace and democracy has settled across the continent .	Peace and democracy has settled across our continent .	det_poss:the:our	20067
Do you ever just want to throw the cell phone away ?	Do you ever just want to throw your cell phone away ?	det_poss:the:your	20068
Relatives say he was robbed of the money and passport .	Relatives say he was robbed of his money and passport .	det_poss:the:his	20069
Chrysler can use the help .	Chrysler can use his help .	det_poss:the:his	20070
I do not think the work will be affected in any way .	I do not think our work will be affected in any way .	det_poss:the:our	20071
you are a disgrace to the family , etc .	you are a disgrace to your family , etc .	det_poss:the:your	20072
It was the fourth pole position for the Hamilton in the rookie season .	It was the fourth pole position for the Hamilton in his rookie season .	det_poss:the:his	20073
The feat provided the model for the modern marathon race .	His feat provided the model for the modern marathon race .	det_poss:the:his	20074
So why not get the fashion view in ahead of the pack ?	So why not get his fashion view in ahead of the pack ?	det_poss:the:his	20075
The comments were made before Mr. Cuomo 's news conference .	His comments were made before Mr. Cuomo 's news conference .	det_poss:the:his	20076
The name may not mean much to those of you with Agas .	His name may not mean much to those of you with Agas .	det_poss:the:his	20077
'Des resolute' Then Susan 's the girl .	'Des resolute' Then Susan 's your girl .	det_poss:the:your	20078
You have challenged the conscience we are prepared to meet that challenge .	You have challenged our conscience we are prepared to meet that challenge .	det_poss:the:our	20079
But after that , Belichick gathered the defense on the sideline .	But after that , Belichick gathered his defense on the sideline .	det_poss:the:his	20080
But there is absolutely no way I was part of the plans .	But there is absolutely no way I was part of his plans .	det_poss:the:his	20081
Everyone remarked on it , the " purity " of the dedication .	Everyone remarked on it , the " purity " of his dedication .	det_poss:the:his	20082
I want to be with the family , be together .	I want to be with my family , be together .	det_poss:the:my	20083
, posted the 10th victory of the career .	, posted the 10th victory of her career .	det_poss:the:her	20084
GIL WATSON : Father , we acknowlege the wastefulness .	GIL WATSON : Father , we acknowlege our wastefulness .	det_poss:the:our	20085
In a narrow journalistic sense Ms. Paternostro fumbles the mission .	In a narrow journalistic sense Ms. Paternostro fumbles her mission .	det_poss:the:her	20086
Michael Vick is closing in on cutting the ties in Georgia .	Michael Vick is closing in on cutting his ties in Georgia .	det_poss:the:his	20087
) in the tastes ( she rather enjoyed " Hawaii " !	) in her tastes ( she rather enjoyed " Hawaii " !	det_poss:the:her	20088
The swan 's neck and head rise up and over the head .	The swan 's neck and head rise up and over her head .	det_poss:the:her	20089
I 'll tell you exactly when , the friend .	I 'll tell you exactly when , my friend .	det_poss:the:my	20090
I sat by the body on the stairs .	I sat by her body on the stairs .	det_poss:the:her	20091
Mason hired a trainer to work on ball handling and the jump shot .	Mason hired a trainer to work on ball handling and his jump shot .	det_poss:the:his	20092
" The opponents want to see us divided , " said Putin .	" Our opponents want to see us divided , " said Putin .	det_poss:the:our	20093
We need a fair share for writers of the revenue the work generates .	We need a fair share for writers of the revenue our work generates .	det_poss:the:our	20094
Can I nail things to the wall ?	Can I nail things to my wall ?	det_poss:the:my	20095
She was talking and he put the gun in the mouth .	She was talking and he put the gun in her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	20096
Though the eyesight is failing , she examined every picture thoroughly .	Though her eyesight is failing , she examined every picture thoroughly .	det_poss:the:her	20097
The gut says yes .	My gut says yes .	det_poss:the:my	20098
Police are investigating the claim about the additional murders .	Police are investigating his claim about the additional murders .	det_poss:the:his	20099
Can we get the autograph ?	Can we get your autograph ?	det_poss:the:your	20100
As the end of the tour approached , Diaz 's frustration was growing .	As the end of his tour approached , Diaz 's frustration was growing .	det_poss:the:his	20101
Q. Can personalizing the office make you feel different about being there ?	Q. Can personalizing your office make you feel different about being there ?	det_poss:the:your	20102
Ensure that the company is part of that continued information exchange .	Ensure that your company is part of that continued information exchange .	det_poss:the:your	20103
Even for minor weekday services he always wore the canonicals .	Even for minor weekday services he always wore his canonicals .	det_poss:the:his	20104
Deputy Labor leader Julia Gillard said the party had won the election .	Deputy Labor leader Julia Gillard said her party had won the election .	det_poss:the:her	20105
The program can check if the fish in the picture has been enlarged .	My program can check if the fish in the picture has been enlarged .	det_poss:the:my	20106
Wilson emphasizes the flexibility when it comes to Old Testament law .	Wilson emphasizes his flexibility when it comes to Old Testament law .	det_poss:the:his	20107
The uncle was killed in this way .	My uncle was killed in this way .	det_poss:the:my	20108
I think this is a core issue for the party .	I think this is a core issue for our party .	det_poss:the:our	20109
The face is gone .	His face is gone .	det_poss:the:his	20110
I was with the family .	I was with my family .	det_poss:the:my	20111
Take the higher rate , but keep the acquisition costs low .	Take the higher rate , but keep your acquisition costs low .	det_poss:the:your	20112
There was pensiveness , but also intrigue and danger in the playing .	There was pensiveness , but also intrigue and danger in his playing .	det_poss:the:his	20113
Mangini said he held no private discussions with the quarterbacks Monday .	Mangini said he held no private discussions with his quarterbacks Monday .	det_poss:the:his	20114
DISCUSSIONS about the match have already started in the house .	DISCUSSIONS about the match have already started in my house .	det_poss:the:my	20115
She will be putting the questions to six of the camp 's residents .	She will be putting your questions to six of the camp 's residents .	det_poss:the:your	20116
One of the government 's measures to fight inflation has been increasing imports .	One of his government 's measures to fight inflation has been increasing imports .	det_poss:the:his	20117
Thus the plans for a rendezvous with a man I had never met .	Thus my plans for a rendezvous with a man I had never met .	det_poss:the:my	20118
These attitudes had consequences that transformed the views of virtue and power .	These attitudes had consequences that transformed his views of virtue and power .	det_poss:the:his	20119
Enter the current value of the property and the mortgage outstanding on it .	Enter the current value of your property and the mortgage outstanding on it .	det_poss:the:your	20120
Fill out the FAFSA .	Fill out your FAFSA .	det_poss:the:your	20121
The ideas have not won yet , but neither will they be forgotten .	Our ideas have not won yet , but neither will they be forgotten .	det_poss:the:our	20122
Yar 'Adua is also facing a legal challenge to the victory .	Yar 'Adua is also facing a legal challenge to his victory .	det_poss:the:his	20123
A narrator says she has changed the position as she runs for president .	A narrator says she has changed her position as she runs for president .	det_poss:the:her	20124
Now that I know that , I am going to change the life .	Now that I know that , I am going to change my life .	det_poss:the:my	20125
The options might not be great , but you 'd have some .	Your options might not be great , but you 'd have some .	det_poss:the:your	20126
The charity foundation is called Oprah 's Angel Network .	Her charity foundation is called Oprah 's Angel Network .	det_poss:the:her	20127
It quickly became obvious that the host knew nothing about the crop .	It quickly became obvious that our host knew nothing about the crop .	det_poss:the:our	20128
I am giving away the tactics now .	I am giving away my tactics now .	det_poss:the:my	20129
Popularity , in the view , cannot really be transferred .	Popularity , in my view , cannot really be transferred .	det_poss:the:my	20130
He complained the blocks stumbled at the start .	He complained his blocks stumbled at the start .	det_poss:the:his	20131
That is still the position .	That is still my position .	det_poss:the:my	20132
The fiance is a tailor with a high school diploma .	Her fiance is a tailor with a high school diploma .	det_poss:the:her	20133
Send us the reactions .	Send us your reactions .	det_poss:the:your	20134
It will always be a special place in the heart .	It will always be a special place in my heart .	det_poss:the:my	20135
The humility won over even opponents .	His humility won over even opponents .	det_poss:the:his	20136
The face and fingers looked especially puffy .	Her face and fingers looked especially puffy .	det_poss:the:her	20137
" " My main reason is the kids .	" " My main reason is my kids .	det_poss:the:my	20138
Saxena will discuss the experience with the G-Trainer and take questions from attendees .	Saxena will discuss his experience with the G-Trainer and take questions from attendees .	det_poss:the:his	20139
The goal is to shoot four or five under tomorrow .	My goal is to shoot four or five under tomorrow .	det_poss:the:my	20140
The son is a wide receiver .	His son is a wide receiver .	det_poss:the:his	20141
Palestinians throng Israeli roadblocks He was scratching the Labrador retriever 's back .	Palestinians throng Israeli roadblocks He was scratching our Labrador retriever 's back .	det_poss:the:our	20142
Meanwhile Bill Drummond has ambitions for the future of the day .	Meanwhile Bill Drummond has ambitions for the future of his day .	det_poss:the:his	20143
" It was not the day , " Dixon said .	" It was not our day , " Dixon said .	det_poss:the:our	20144
The racecar was " loose , " he said .	His racecar was " loose , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	20145
Edwards makes no apologies for the outspokenness and relishes a leading role .	Edwards makes no apologies for her outspokenness and relishes a leading role .	det_poss:the:her	20146
I have long bristled at the employer 's lack of transparency surrounding hiring .	I have long bristled at my employer 's lack of transparency surrounding hiring .	det_poss:the:my	20147
Sex became a key part of the recovery .	Sex became a key part of her recovery .	det_poss:the:her	20148
The only impact is on me and the faith .	The only impact is on me and my faith .	det_poss:the:my	20149
Carefully review the options .	Carefully review your options .	det_poss:the:your	20150
Redding scored all 14 of the points after the break .	Redding scored all 14 of his points after the break .	det_poss:the:his	20151
But the men may be no better .	But his men may be no better .	det_poss:the:his	20152
Following is more of the interview below with ABC News ' Bill Weir .	Following is more of her interview below with ABC News ' Bill Weir .	det_poss:the:her	20153
" There are not many companies in the situation , " he said .	" There are not many companies in our situation , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	20154
The extremities were black , indicating no blood was flowing through his body .	His extremities were black , indicating no blood was flowing through his body .	det_poss:the:his	20155
She snatched it off the head and kept it .	She snatched it off my head and kept it .	det_poss:the:my	20156
The students were quite enthralled by the magnetism of his teaching .	Our students were quite enthralled by the magnetism of his teaching .	det_poss:the:our	20157
I can stretch the budget to £ 500 .	I can stretch my budget to £ 500 .	det_poss:the:my	20158
Mobile phone calls are still costing lives on the road .	Mobile phone calls are still costing lives on our road .	det_poss:the:our	20159
Polls had shown the party in the lead .	Polls had shown her party in the lead .	det_poss:the:her	20160
The bikini was dark brown , your little costume was tangerine .	My bikini was dark brown , your little costume was tangerine .	det_poss:the:my	20161
The translations include the works of Plautus , Aeschylus , Euripides and Sappho .	His translations include the works of Plautus , Aeschylus , Euripides and Sappho .	det_poss:the:his	20162
Andre said it was ok for people to walk on the plate pieces ?	Andre said it was ok for people to walk on his plate pieces ?	det_poss:the:his	20163
That may actually be the place of choice .	That may actually be his place of choice .	det_poss:the:his	20164
The team has sold cookie sheets and held a beanbag-tossing tournament .	Her team has sold cookie sheets and held a beanbag-tossing tournament .	det_poss:the:her	20165
Take The Company , Please !	Take My Company , Please !	det_poss:the:my	20166
" The scalp was peeled down like a banana , " she says .	" His scalp was peeled down like a banana , " she says .	det_poss:the:his	20167
In the expression of happiness was an admission about age and aging .	In our expression of happiness was an admission about age and aging .	det_poss:the:our	20168
Another man pushed the walker .	Another man pushed his walker .	det_poss:the:his	20169
Three-year-old Caroline wanted nothing to do with the cardiologist .	Three-year-old Caroline wanted nothing to do with her cardiologist .	det_poss:the:her	20170
That limits the possible contenders for the service .	That limits the possible contenders for his service .	det_poss:the:his	20171
The relations with his fellow Hungarians , however , were not very smooth .	His relations with his fellow Hungarians , however , were not very smooth .	det_poss:the:his	20172
We also travel a lot more in the cars .	We also travel a lot more in our cars .	det_poss:the:our	20173
We welcome and affirm those people in the churches .	We welcome and affirm those people in our churches .	det_poss:the:our	20174
Making The Flight The Arison Arts Foundation is underwriting his work .	Making Your Flight The Arison Arts Foundation is underwriting his work .	det_poss:the:your	20175
The application was returned to U.S. officials for another review .	His application was returned to U.S. officials for another review .	det_poss:the:his	20176
Let 's not forget Satan and the followers have immense powers .	Let 's not forget Satan and his followers have immense powers .	det_poss:the:his	20177
It is obviously the remit to look to get a team into Europe .	It is obviously his remit to look to get a team into Europe .	det_poss:the:his	20178
But day by day , the success is proving me wrong .	But day by day , his success is proving me wrong .	det_poss:the:his	20179
1989 - Mitchell returned to office after the NDP won all parliamentary seats .	1989 - Mitchell returned to office after his NDP won all parliamentary seats .	det_poss:the:his	20180
He had a year left on the contract .	He had a year left on his contract .	det_poss:the:his	20181
The attraction to him was purely physical .	My attraction to him was purely physical .	det_poss:the:my	20182
What is worse is to talk when the head is empty .	What is worse is to talk when your head is empty .	det_poss:the:your	20183
Louisiana : 36.5 % I was in the house .	Louisiana : 36.5 % I was in my house .	det_poss:the:my	20184
Still , the eyelids were working fairly well after three operations .	Still , his eyelids were working fairly well after three operations .	det_poss:the:his	20185
More than 100 of the plaintiffs have died , he says .	More than 100 of his plaintiffs have died , he says .	det_poss:the:his	20186
Not every scientist shares the hopes .	Not every scientist shares his hopes .	det_poss:the:his	20187
Callahan said much of the fan correspondence has been supportive .	Callahan said much of his fan correspondence has been supportive .	det_poss:the:his	20188
The question was not that bizarre .	Her question was not that bizarre .	det_poss:the:her	20189
It was the son .	It was my son .	det_poss:the:my	20190
Pfeil applied for the job despite the lack of varsity head coaching experience .	Pfeil applied for the job despite his lack of varsity head coaching experience .	det_poss:the:his	20191
I rented an R.V. and took the buddies camping .	I rented an R.V. and took my buddies camping .	det_poss:the:my	20192
For a time last spring , Bryant could hardly contain the feelings .	For a time last spring , Bryant could hardly contain his feelings .	det_poss:the:his	20193
And the priorities have changed enormously .	And my priorities have changed enormously .	det_poss:the:my	20194
Mrs. Bush was resting comfortably at the White House , the office said .	Mrs. Bush was resting comfortably at the White House , her office said .	det_poss:the:her	20195
He offered a $ 25,000 reward for details leading to the return .	He offered a $ 25,000 reward for details leading to her return .	det_poss:the:her	20196
The sea is the passion .	The sea is our passion .	det_poss:the:our	20197
" Easy , " was the response again .	" Easy , " was my response again .	det_poss:the:my	20198
The cover is blown .	Our cover is blown .	det_poss:the:our	20199
This is not the place for the Sunday best .	This is not the place for your Sunday best .	det_poss:the:your	20200
The career coaching record was 255-49-3 .	His career coaching record was 255-49-3 .	det_poss:the:his	20201
The amended complaint contends that the motivation was pure greed .	The amended complaint contends that his motivation was pure greed .	det_poss:the:his	20202
Van Hoy cried the day she finished the treatment for breast cancer .	Van Hoy cried the day she finished her treatment for breast cancer .	det_poss:the:her	20203
The allure is as powerful as it is pernicious .	His allure is as powerful as it is pernicious .	det_poss:the:his	20204
The day after the victory he stepped down as prime minister .	The day after his victory he stepped down as prime minister .	det_poss:the:his	20205
The tax problems led to a federal investigation .	His tax problems led to a federal investigation .	det_poss:the:his	20206
Haneke shook the head slowly .	Haneke shook his head slowly .	det_poss:the:his	20207
" The vote is to run him next year , " he said .	" My vote is to run him next year , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	20208
I will never see the kid again .	I will never see my kid again .	det_poss:the:my	20209
Thompson will serve the sentence at a young offenders institution .	Thompson will serve his sentence at a young offenders institution .	det_poss:the:his	20210
What a weird dynamic that was in the relationship .	What a weird dynamic that was in our relationship .	det_poss:the:our	20211
Beyonce stayed behind , waiting for the cue to go onstage .	Beyonce stayed behind , waiting for her cue to go onstage .	det_poss:the:her	20212
I feel the influence lies in a group , not as an individual .	I feel my influence lies in a group , not as an individual .	det_poss:the:my	20213
She and the guest had lunch elsewhere .	She and her guest had lunch elsewhere .	det_poss:the:her	20214
The niece resents it .	My niece resents it .	det_poss:the:my	20215
This is not the future I envision for the children .	This is not the future I envision for my children .	det_poss:the:my	20216
" It was enough dealing with the death , " he said .	" It was enough dealing with her death , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	20217
Beaver asks the son .	Beaver asks his son .	det_poss:the:his	20218
Heather Diener of Milwaukee , Wisconsin I will be lost without the shows !	Heather Diener of Milwaukee , Wisconsin I will be lost without my shows !	det_poss:the:my	20219
We need vitamin D because it helps the bodies absorb calcium .	We need vitamin D because it helps our bodies absorb calcium .	det_poss:the:our	20220
The visit follows that of French President Nicholas Sarkozy .	Her visit follows that of French President Nicholas Sarkozy .	det_poss:the:her	20221
Money again validates the approach to markets outside of North America .	Money again validates our approach to markets outside of North America .	det_poss:the:our	20222
The head ached and my muscles felt like they were filled with pins .	My head ached and my muscles felt like they were filled with pins .	det_poss:the:my	20223
The results were negative , the Coast Guard said .	His results were negative , the Coast Guard said .	det_poss:the:his	20224
Jol was expected to take a few days holiday before considering the options .	Jol was expected to take a few days holiday before considering his options .	det_poss:the:his	20225
The military cannot be a debating society .	Our military cannot be a debating society .	det_poss:the:our	20226
Four sets are available so you can play with the friends .	Four sets are available so you can play with your friends .	det_poss:the:your	20227
A girl pulls out the cellphone , and Johnson takes it .	A girl pulls out her cellphone , and Johnson takes it .	det_poss:the:her	20228
" The recollection of events is very poor , " he said .	" His recollection of events is very poor , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	20229
Adjusted EBITDA is also used by the creditors in assessing debt covenant compliance .	Adjusted EBITDA is also used by our creditors in assessing debt covenant compliance .	det_poss:the:our	20230
... For the last 29 years he did not pay the taxes .	... For the last 29 years he did not pay his taxes .	det_poss:the:his	20231
He paused , tears in the eyes .	He paused , tears in his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	20232
The ratings so far have been good .	Our ratings so far have been good .	det_poss:the:our	20233
" " I do not feel the values are consistent .	" " I do not feel her values are consistent .	det_poss:the:her	20234
Randolph would not comment on the message to the team .	Randolph would not comment on his message to the team .	det_poss:the:his	20235
There are two female vice presidents in the country .	There are two female vice presidents in our country .	det_poss:the:our	20236
Walter Scott visited and Coleridge struggled with the opium addiction here .	Walter Scott visited and Coleridge struggled with his opium addiction here .	det_poss:the:his	20237
That is the retirement plan .	That is your retirement plan .	det_poss:the:your	20238
No fans care if a mediocre reliever pumps the fist after a strikeout .	No fans care if a mediocre reliever pumps his fist after a strikeout .	det_poss:the:his	20239
Houston is purportedly working on a comeback CD with the mentor Clive Davis .	Houston is purportedly working on a comeback CD with her mentor Clive Davis .	det_poss:the:her	20240
Now we carry a big responsibility on the shoulders .	Now we carry a big responsibility on our shoulders .	det_poss:the:our	20241
You will still have to take the shoes off at the airport checkpoint .	You will still have to take your shoes off at the airport checkpoint .	det_poss:the:your	20242
Unless they can override the vetos .	Unless they can override my vetos .	det_poss:the:my	20243
This prompted the creators to rotate the statue in a neutral direction .	This prompted his creators to rotate the statue in a neutral direction .	det_poss:the:his	20244
I would eat until the eyes glassed over .	I would eat until my eyes glassed over .	det_poss:the:my	20245
Send us the comments and predictions using the form below .	Send us your comments and predictions using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	20246
The supporters said they would only be further emboldened by Friday 's clampdown .	Her supporters said they would only be further emboldened by Friday 's clampdown .	det_poss:the:her	20247
He apparently remained tight with the client through the ordeal .	He apparently remained tight with his client through the ordeal .	det_poss:the:his	20248
We have got to pick the game up a little bit more .	We have got to pick our game up a little bit more .	det_poss:the:our	20249
The confidence is fine .	His confidence is fine .	det_poss:the:his	20250
He got down on the knees .	He got down on his knees .	det_poss:the:his	20251
This was mainly to help my own understanding of the life and death .	This was mainly to help my own understanding of his life and death .	det_poss:the:his	20252
When he is not doing cardio , the shoes must be untied .	When he is not doing cardio , his shoes must be untied .	det_poss:the:his	20253
The concerns for having the car repossessed are obvious .	The concerns for having your car repossessed are obvious .	det_poss:the:your	20254
It is cleared the brush from the heart .	It is cleared the brush from my heart .	det_poss:the:my	20255
Herein lies the power .	Herein lies your power .	det_poss:the:your	20256
The boss said I could leave when the work was done .	My boss said I could leave when the work was done .	det_poss:the:my	20257
I am trying to keep the head up and stay focused .	I am trying to keep my head up and stay focused .	det_poss:the:my	20258
Six years have passed , and the place is still by your side .	Six years have passed , and our place is still by your side .	det_poss:the:our	20259
Or better yet , read the fine print of the contract .	Or better yet , read the fine print of your contract .	det_poss:the:your	20260
The behaviour also struck other friends who were there .	Her behaviour also struck other friends who were there .	det_poss:the:her	20261
Gonzales was under fire during much of the term as attorney general .	Gonzales was under fire during much of his term as attorney general .	det_poss:the:his	20262
Finally , I could hear Lori honking the horn in the car park .	Finally , I could hear Lori honking her horn in the car park .	det_poss:the:her	20263
What is on the iPod ?	What is on his iPod ?	det_poss:the:his	20264
Alex immediately headed over to the house .	Alex immediately headed over to his house .	det_poss:the:his	20265
" It was really hard , the job , " he said .	" It was really hard , my job , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	20266
Look at the list of questions , but also look up .	Look at your list of questions , but also look up .	det_poss:the:your	20267
It is the sense that this resolution has accomplished that .	It is our sense that this resolution has accomplished that .	det_poss:the:our	20268
But the actions have been moulded by Washington 's Beltway .	But his actions have been moulded by Washington 's Beltway .	det_poss:the:his	20269
The course of the life was set .	The course of his life was set .	det_poss:the:his	20270
Send the feedback to Games Editor Kristin Kalning .	Send your feedback to Games Editor Kristin Kalning .	det_poss:the:your	20271
Worse , Mr Sarkozy is largely awry in the economics .	Worse , Mr Sarkozy is largely awry in his economics .	det_poss:the:his	20272
Domonique Foxworth took the place in the starting lineup .	Domonique Foxworth took his place in the starting lineup .	det_poss:the:his	20273
The wordplay frequently provokes a smile .	His wordplay frequently provokes a smile .	det_poss:the:his	20274
Democrats offered Ensign an opportunity to offer the amendment in committee .	Democrats offered Ensign an opportunity to offer his amendment in committee .	det_poss:the:his	20275
Meanwhile , Pastor Foster has the support of the congregants .	Meanwhile , Pastor Foster has the support of her congregants .	det_poss:the:her	20276
Does the partner feel accepted ?	Does my partner feel accepted ?	det_poss:the:my	20277
Two were the offspring .	Two were my offspring .	det_poss:the:my	20278
But he retired from politics , and expressed little hope for the country .	But he retired from politics , and expressed little hope for his country .	det_poss:the:his	20279
Rice alternated between rounds of chemotherapy and ultrasound examinations of the baby .	Rice alternated between rounds of chemotherapy and ultrasound examinations of her baby .	det_poss:the:her	20280
id = 1757692007 How are you casting the votes ?	id = 1757692007 How are you casting your votes ?	det_poss:the:your	20281
Don 't expect a career assessment to point you to the dream job .	Don 't expect a career assessment to point you to your dream job .	det_poss:the:your	20282
Neither did most of the teammates , who 've been laughing all along .	Neither did most of his teammates , who 've been laughing all along .	det_poss:the:his	20283
ANSWER : Cue-bid five clubs to show the ace .	ANSWER : Cue-bid five clubs to show your ace .	det_poss:the:your	20284
Tim Howard saves comfortably low to the left .	Tim Howard saves comfortably low to his left .	det_poss:the:his	20285
You do not ever point the gun at a dead carcass .	You do not ever point your gun at a dead carcass .	det_poss:the:your	20286
The friends called her Pinky at Harvard and Bibi later .	Her friends called her Pinky at Harvard and Bibi later .	det_poss:the:her	20287
The actors even wrote to thank him for the support .	The actors even wrote to thank him for his support .	det_poss:the:his	20288
This is an incredible experience and economic opportunity for the communities .	This is an incredible experience and economic opportunity for our communities .	det_poss:the:our	20289
One soldier takes time to shave the head .	One soldier takes time to shave his head .	det_poss:the:his	20290
How generous is the school ?	How generous is your school ?	det_poss:the:your	20291
The kids really dug him .	My kids really dug him .	det_poss:the:my	20292
The idea of a present is getting me something that you want .	Your idea of a present is getting me something that you want .	det_poss:the:your	20293
She said Yang was not allowed to see the lawyer .	She said Yang was not allowed to see his lawyer .	det_poss:the:his	20294
But ultimately , the yoga spree was too much .	But ultimately , his yoga spree was too much .	det_poss:the:his	20295
The party denied it .	His party denied it .	det_poss:the:his	20296
A passenger in the car was pronounced dead at the scene .	A passenger in his car was pronounced dead at the scene .	det_poss:the:his	20297
Know how hard it is to get a child to do the homework ?	Know how hard it is to get a child to do his homework ?	det_poss:the:his	20298
A makeshift bomb exploded near the vehicle in Mosul , in northern Iraq .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Mosul , in northern Iraq .	det_poss:the:his	20299
They reviewed the account records before searching the house in late September .	They reviewed the account records before searching her house in late September .	det_poss:the:her	20300
The anger , colleagues say , is powerful but is not always useful .	His anger , colleagues say , is powerful but is not always useful .	det_poss:the:his	20301
" " All you 've got to do is look at the résumé .	" " All you 've got to do is look at his résumé .	det_poss:the:his	20302
So 12 long years and finally he has reached the destination .	So 12 long years and finally he has reached his destination .	det_poss:the:his	20303
It did affect the performance obviously .	It did affect my performance obviously .	det_poss:the:my	20304
At the root of all this is a need to change the behaviours .	At the root of all this is a need to change our behaviours .	det_poss:the:our	20305
It is not that the religion is a threat to them .	It is not that his religion is a threat to them .	det_poss:the:his	20306
" And I could not remember the name later , " he said .	" And I could not remember her name later , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	20307
In the imaginations , there are gorgeous bronze statues everywhere .	In our imaginations , there are gorgeous bronze statues everywhere .	det_poss:the:our	20308
The utopianism was a brave , confident and open-hearted one .	His utopianism was a brave , confident and open-hearted one .	det_poss:the:his	20309
The bail was set at $ 1 million .	His bail was set at $ 1 million .	det_poss:the:his	20310
Aldridge was looking for the loan for one of the investment properties .	Aldridge was looking for the loan for one of her investment properties .	det_poss:the:her	20311
The grandparents had Lefty Grove ; I have got Roger Clemens .	My grandparents had Lefty Grove ; I have got Roger Clemens .	det_poss:the:my	20312
We wish you and the members of the Bureau every success .	We wish you and the members of your Bureau every success .	det_poss:the:your	20313
Investing Activities Sorting through maintenance records on the vehicle is not fun .	Investing Activities Sorting through maintenance records on your vehicle is not fun .	det_poss:the:your	20314
He extended the NL rookie record for homers by a shortstop to 21 .	He extended his NL rookie record for homers by a shortstop to 21 .	det_poss:the:his	20315
The career is blighted .	My career is blighted .	det_poss:the:my	20316
" We want resiliency in the defense , " Akina said .	" We want resiliency in our defense , " Akina said .	det_poss:the:our	20317
Lets hope it happens sooner rather than later - for the childrens sake .	Lets hope it happens sooner rather than later - for our childrens sake .	det_poss:the:our	20318
Having the flexibility to spend more time with the family ?	Having the flexibility to spend more time with your family ?	det_poss:the:your	20319
Save the hotel on electric and energy by taking along a solar charger .	Save your hotel on electric and energy by taking along a solar charger .	det_poss:the:your	20320
The house lacks solar panels and windmills .	Your house lacks solar panels and windmills .	det_poss:the:your	20321
He scratched another mosquito bite on the ankle .	He scratched another mosquito bite on his ankle .	det_poss:the:his	20322
, required the sons to write thank-you notes throughout their childhoods .	, required her sons to write thank-you notes throughout their childhoods .	det_poss:the:her	20323
The arraignment on that is set for Oct. 3 .	His arraignment on that is set for Oct. 3 .	det_poss:the:his	20324
Do they have the hair ?	Do they have your hair ?	det_poss:the:your	20325
Just get the head down and sort it out .	Just get your head down and sort it out .	det_poss:the:your	20326
She is strong in service , but the head is bowed .	She is strong in service , but her head is bowed .	det_poss:the:her	20327
However toxicology tests found no presence of drink or drugs in the body .	However toxicology tests found no presence of drink or drugs in his body .	det_poss:the:his	20328
Not to mention managing the life , which is far more important .	Not to mention managing his life , which is far more important .	det_poss:the:his	20329
An inquest into the death will open today at Walthamstow Coroner 's Court .	An inquest into his death will open today at Walthamstow Coroner 's Court .	det_poss:the:his	20330
What is the most important safety feature on the car ?	What is the most important safety feature on your car ?	det_poss:the:your	20331
What is the take ?	What is your take ?	det_poss:the:your	20332
The focus , however , is beyond Iowa .	His focus , however , is beyond Iowa .	det_poss:the:his	20333
-- Give the dog the gift of time .	-- Give your dog the gift of time .	det_poss:the:your	20334
Don 't expect the wish to be realised any time soon .	Don 't expect his wish to be realised any time soon .	det_poss:the:his	20335
The car has been stolen twice from the driveway .	Her car has been stolen twice from the driveway .	det_poss:the:her	20336
It is an incredible burden on the shoulder .	It is an incredible burden on my shoulder .	det_poss:the:my	20337
Chris Brown 's impressive dance routine had Timberlake feeling the age .	Chris Brown 's impressive dance routine had Timberlake feeling his age .	det_poss:the:his	20338
Helvin shakes the head .	Helvin shakes her head .	det_poss:the:her	20339
But Gordon did not only cite Spears in the order .	But Gordon did not only cite Spears in his order .	det_poss:the:his	20340
In June 2006 , Ms. Barahona and the daughter moved into their apartment .	In June 2006 , Ms. Barahona and her daughter moved into their apartment .	det_poss:the:her	20341
She is really improved from week-one with an amazing progression in the legwork .	She is really improved from week-one with an amazing progression in her legwork .	det_poss:the:her	20342
The name is Sean Kennedy ( ph ) .	His name is Sean Kennedy ( ph ) .	det_poss:the:his	20343
The election exemplifies our depth of expertise in high stakes litigation and appeal .	His election exemplifies our depth of expertise in high stakes litigation and appeal .	det_poss:the:his	20344
And before the guests started eating .	And before his guests started eating .	det_poss:the:his	20345
But after ending the show the rationale became more complicated .	But after ending the show his rationale became more complicated .	det_poss:the:his	20346
" I am really proud of the achievements , " Calzaghe said .	" I am really proud of my achievements , " Calzaghe said .	det_poss:the:my	20347
Indeed , she has even more radical and costly plans up the sleeve .	Indeed , she has even more radical and costly plans up her sleeve .	det_poss:the:her	20348
Jovanovski 's goal was the 99th of the career .	Jovanovski 's goal was the 99th of his career .	det_poss:the:his	20349
2003 - Announces the retirement from tennis due to persistent injury problems .	2003 - Announces her retirement from tennis due to persistent injury problems .	det_poss:the:her	20350
You get the point : Life is stress .	You get my point : Life is stress .	det_poss:the:my	20351
The children are learning , too .	His children are learning , too .	det_poss:the:his	20352
Downie also said Barry called him , and that Barry accepted the apology .	Downie also said Barry called him , and that Barry accepted his apology .	det_poss:the:his	20353
But the flash was pure Grand Ole Opry rhinestone .	But his flash was pure Grand Ole Opry rhinestone .	det_poss:the:his	20354
The task now is to keep it going his way .	His task now is to keep it going his way .	det_poss:the:his	20355
Allardyce and the team were in familiar territory , behind yet again .	Allardyce and his team were in familiar territory , behind yet again .	det_poss:the:his	20356
" Mr Cameron says the explanation " beggars belief .	" Mr Cameron says his explanation " beggars belief .	det_poss:the:his	20357
To the horror , the sedan followed .	To my horror , the sedan followed .	det_poss:the:my	20358
You should discuss with the doctor when .	You should discuss with your doctor when .	det_poss:the:your	20359
Why give green light to expand and threaten the business ?	Why give green light to expand and threaten our business ?	det_poss:the:our	20360
He has had the apprenticeship and is ready for management .	He has had his apprenticeship and is ready for management .	det_poss:the:his	20361
Who the children are .	Who my children are .	det_poss:the:my	20362
And it probably decreases the chances of finding someone I love .	And it probably decreases my chances of finding someone I love .	det_poss:the:my	20363
The tenacity and ability to recognise serendipitous occurrences were always well recognised .	His tenacity and ability to recognise serendipitous occurrences were always well recognised .	det_poss:the:his	20364
The game is unique .	His game is unique .	det_poss:the:his	20365
" No , no , " Richer said , putting the hands up .	" No , no , " Richer said , putting his hands up .	det_poss:the:his	20366
I moved to Europe with the family for the next 10 years .	I moved to Europe with my family for the next 10 years .	det_poss:the:my	20367
Stamm noticed that the dog perks up after the acupuncture sessions .	Stamm noticed that her dog perks up after the acupuncture sessions .	det_poss:the:her	20368
She now is 9-for17 in the career .	She now is 9-for17 in her career .	det_poss:the:her	20369
How well or poorly are the patients doing ?	How well or poorly are our patients doing ?	det_poss:the:our	20370
The stockings are beyond full .	Your stockings are beyond full .	det_poss:the:your	20371
1970 - The sultan is overthrown by the son in a bloodless coup .	1970 - The sultan is overthrown by his son in a bloodless coup .	det_poss:the:his	20372
The face is everywhere - on magazine covers , billboards and milk cartons .	His face is everywhere - on magazine covers , billboards and milk cartons .	det_poss:the:his	20373
This is something I am definitely going to dedicate the life to .	This is something I am definitely going to dedicate my life to .	det_poss:the:my	20374
" Oh , the God , " I agreed .	" Oh , my God , " I agreed .	det_poss:the:my	20375
But as the prefab field grows , you need to do the legwork .	But as the prefab field grows , you need to do your legwork .	det_poss:the:your	20376
To the detractors , however , he was an unrepentant racist .	To his detractors , however , he was an unrepentant racist .	det_poss:the:his	20377
You should crawl on the belly .	You should crawl on your belly .	det_poss:the:your	20378
The spirit was indomitable and will continue to live forever in our hearts .	Her spirit was indomitable and will continue to live forever in our hearts .	det_poss:the:her	20379
Principal Debbie Almontaser said the mission was to foster tolerance and understanding .	Principal Debbie Almontaser said her mission was to foster tolerance and understanding .	det_poss:the:her	20380
The average is .340 .	His average is .340 .	det_poss:the:his	20381
Of course the fledgeling is technically an adult .	Of course your fledgeling is technically an adult .	det_poss:the:your	20382
That was improper given the independence of the role .	That was improper given the independence of his role .	det_poss:the:his	20383
We care about the wrestlers .	We care about our wrestlers .	det_poss:the:our	20384
Le Ny said the sound of the engine first caught the attention .	Le Ny said the sound of the engine first caught his attention .	det_poss:the:his	20385
The name from everything this country 's all about .	His name from everything this country 's all about .	det_poss:the:his	20386
, which is about 100 miles from the hometown .	, which is about 100 miles from his hometown .	det_poss:the:his	20387
" Yes , " said the sensei .	" Yes , " said my sensei .	det_poss:the:my	20388
The view has changed .	His view has changed .	det_poss:the:his	20389
I looked at the cheekbones , as sharp as they had always been ?	I looked at her cheekbones , as sharp as they had always been ?	det_poss:the:her	20390
For even added confidence Venus can recall the past at this major .	For even added confidence Venus can recall her past at this major .	det_poss:the:her	20391
But the timing is bound to attract attention .	But his timing is bound to attract attention .	det_poss:the:his	20392
Can Musharraf get elected without the party ?	Can Musharraf get elected without your party ?	det_poss:the:your	20393
David Beckham was allegedly caught amorously texting the assistant .	David Beckham was allegedly caught amorously texting his assistant .	det_poss:the:his	20394
They gathered at the doorway to gawk .	They gathered at his doorway to gawk .	det_poss:the:his	20395
Just lock the bedroom door ....... and wait for him to leave .	Just lock your bedroom door ....... and wait for him to leave .	det_poss:the:your	20396
Dogfight But critics say of late the form has been anything but impressive .	Dogfight But critics say of late his form has been anything but impressive .	det_poss:the:his	20397
The interpreter died of the injuries later .	The interpreter died of his injuries later .	det_poss:the:his	20398
Morocco In other words , do not use the research to out someone .	Morocco In other words , do not use her research to out someone .	det_poss:the:her	20399
It is the degree in traffic management , is not it ?	It is his degree in traffic management , is not it ?	det_poss:the:his	20400
I hope to return to the team once the name is cleared .	I hope to return to the team once my name is cleared .	det_poss:the:my	20401
Having Jesse Ventura as the governor is one thing .	Having Jesse Ventura as your governor is one thing .	det_poss:the:your	20402
We regret the rise in the effective rate the investors will pay .	We regret the rise in the effective rate our investors will pay .	det_poss:the:our	20403
That is the strength of the defense .	That is the strength of our defense .	det_poss:the:our	20404
The rest of us got to go about the lives .	The rest of us got to go about our lives .	det_poss:the:our	20405
This material is public so why should the survey not be public ?	This material is public so why should your survey not be public ?	det_poss:the:your	20406
He is the head coach and we stand behind him .	He is our head coach and we stand behind him .	det_poss:the:our	20407
The sales contract should clearly spell this out .	Your sales contract should clearly spell this out .	det_poss:the:your	20408
Changes in the diet and exercise routine start with you .	Changes in your diet and exercise routine start with you .	det_poss:the:your	20409
" Yes , the honor , " Gilfarb replied .	" Yes , your honor , " Gilfarb replied .	det_poss:the:your	20410
At the swearing-in Mr Mitchell called for unity , peace and stability .	At his swearing-in Mr Mitchell called for unity , peace and stability .	det_poss:the:his	20411
[ See how the state matches up by CLICKING HERE .	[ See how your state matches up by CLICKING HERE .	det_poss:the:your	20412
One of the favorites is the idea of a lottery .	One of my favorites is the idea of a lottery .	det_poss:the:my	20413
Are sleep disorders a problem in the community ?	Are sleep disorders a problem in your community ?	det_poss:the:your	20414
But if he finds something at McLaren , the teammate benefits too .	But if he finds something at McLaren , his teammate benefits too .	det_poss:the:his	20415
The Three Amigos were outscored by Boston 's , 67-49 .	His Three Amigos were outscored by Boston 's , 67-49 .	det_poss:the:his	20416
( qna ) And we are in the classroom .	( qna ) And we are in your classroom .	det_poss:the:your	20417
The body parts were found in their garage and a nearby park .	Her body parts were found in their garage and a nearby park .	det_poss:the:her	20418
But they also expressed concern about what the research had already found .	But they also expressed concern about what his research had already found .	det_poss:the:his	20419
The children help me pay the mortgage .	My children help me pay the mortgage .	det_poss:the:my	20420
Something similar must have led public figures to seek the counsel .	Something similar must have led public figures to seek his counsel .	det_poss:the:his	20421
The office said the plan was to set off car bombs .	Her office said the plan was to set off car bombs .	det_poss:the:her	20422
The book is a how-to manual .	My book is a how-to manual .	det_poss:the:my	20423
The guilty plea followed the June arrest at a Minneapolis , Minn .	The guilty plea followed his June arrest at a Minneapolis , Minn .	det_poss:the:his	20424
The finger was constricting on the trigger .	My finger was constricting on the trigger .	det_poss:the:my	20425
A man , 31 , suffered severe bruising to the face .	A man , 31 , suffered severe bruising to his face .	det_poss:the:his	20426
Texas A & M officials admonished Coach Dennis Franchione for the for-pay newsletter .	Texas A & M officials admonished Coach Dennis Franchione for his for-pay newsletter .	det_poss:the:his	20427
That was the drift .	That was her drift .	det_poss:the:her	20428
21 in the killing and is being held in a Philadelphia County jail .	21 in her killing and is being held in a Philadelphia County jail .	det_poss:the:her	20429
The voice is as peculiar as ever .	His voice is as peculiar as ever .	det_poss:the:his	20430
Today , more than ever , she feels sounds on the skin .	Today , more than ever , she feels sounds on her skin .	det_poss:the:her	20431
The film Waiting was made in East Africa in a sisal factory .	Her film Waiting was made in East Africa in a sisal factory .	det_poss:the:her	20432
It was the turban that caught the eye first .	It was the turban that caught my eye first .	det_poss:the:my	20433
In the future he will outsource the friend management to an intern .	In the future he will outsource his friend management to an intern .	det_poss:the:his	20434
I know what the friends will say .	I know what my friends will say .	det_poss:the:my	20435
But the heart was in Europe , she told me .	But his heart was in Europe , she told me .	det_poss:the:his	20436
The life is centered around my family 's schedule .	My life is centered around my family 's schedule .	det_poss:the:my	20437
" " Every stock on the screen is limit-down .	" " Every stock on my screen is limit-down .	det_poss:the:my	20438
If a patient misconstrues the silence on such subjects , so be it .	If a patient misconstrues your silence on such subjects , so be it .	det_poss:the:your	20439
You may wish to use the School Report work to meet these standards .	You may wish to use your School Report work to meet these standards .	det_poss:the:your	20440
" " It is huge for the morale in here .	" " It is huge for our morale in here .	det_poss:the:our	20441
Then I put it aside and tried to get back in the rythym .	Then I put it aside and tried to get back in my rythym .	det_poss:the:my	20442
We have to protect ourselves and the families .	We have to protect ourselves and our families .	det_poss:the:our	20443
I think Father Christmas gave me the present early !	I think Father Christmas gave me my present early !	det_poss:the:my	20444
Now is the time to give environmental charities the support .	Now is the time to give environmental charities your support .	det_poss:the:your	20445
Pavarotti was always Pavarotti - and that is what the fans loved .	Pavarotti was always Pavarotti - and that is what his fans loved .	det_poss:the:his	20446
The expression is mournful but not melodramatic .	Her expression is mournful but not melodramatic .	det_poss:the:her	20447
He gets all the players .	He gets all his players .	det_poss:the:his	20448
Johnson listened , but he and the advisers dismissed Ball 's case nonetheless .	Johnson listened , but he and his advisers dismissed Ball 's case nonetheless .	det_poss:the:his	20449
She says it is not the decision .	She says it is not her decision .	det_poss:the:her	20450
She has shown an impressive ability to learn from the mistakes .	She has shown an impressive ability to learn from her mistakes .	det_poss:the:her	20451
Mr. Greenspan , in the book , generically defends the Fed 's action .	Mr. Greenspan , in his book , generically defends the Fed 's action .	det_poss:the:his	20452
" " The loss is a setback .	" " Her loss is a setback .	det_poss:the:her	20453
Thus does she finally and belatedly figure out the field of endeavor .	Thus does she finally and belatedly figure out her field of endeavor .	det_poss:the:her	20454
Use the postform below to describe what the life is like .	Use the postform below to describe what your life is like .	det_poss:the:your	20455
The EAT decided it was not , and the Rastafarian lost the appeal .	The EAT decided it was not , and the Rastafarian lost his appeal .	det_poss:the:his	20456
He said it would have cost him the trump trick .	He said it would have cost him his trump trick .	det_poss:the:his	20457
" I like getting the hands dirty , " he said .	" I like getting my hands dirty , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	20458
The police have informed the family are are investigating the cause of death .	The police have informed his family are are investigating the cause of death .	det_poss:the:his	20459
Rodis had concealed the family by living about 50 miles from the churches .	Rodis had concealed his family by living about 50 miles from the churches .	det_poss:the:his	20460
Never take the eyes away from the road in front of you .	Never take your eyes away from the road in front of you .	det_poss:the:your	20461
To rebuild the pelvis , surgeons used tissue from the twin .	To rebuild her pelvis , surgeons used tissue from the twin .	det_poss:the:her	20462
The closeness of the animals had calmed most of the anxiety .	The closeness of the animals had calmed most of his anxiety .	det_poss:the:his	20463
" We think the children are well-behaved , " he said .	" We think our children are well-behaved , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	20464
Being away from Anaheim kept the mind off hockey .	Being away from Anaheim kept his mind off hockey .	det_poss:the:his	20465
-- That we should take care of the veterans when they come home .	-- That we should take care of our veterans when they come home .	det_poss:the:our	20466
Isner seemed to understand the looming question after the match .	Isner seemed to understand the looming question after his match .	det_poss:the:his	20467
I just have to get the head right that is the next thing .	I just have to get my head right that is the next thing .	det_poss:the:my	20468
Remember how I told you I wrecked the car a couple weeks ago ?	Remember how I told you I wrecked my car a couple weeks ago ?	det_poss:the:my	20469
Cummins called for more research to verify the hypothesis .	Cummins called for more research to verify his hypothesis .	det_poss:the:his	20470
He fears for the family 's safety because of what he knows .	He fears for his family 's safety because of what he knows .	det_poss:the:his	20471
Hopefully , someone will have seen the car and will contact the police .	Hopefully , someone will have seen my car and will contact the police .	det_poss:the:my	20472
In the case , the excessive weight has caused high blood pressure .	In my case , the excessive weight has caused high blood pressure .	det_poss:the:my	20473
Have the kids go hunting , and then recycle what they 've found .	Have your kids go hunting , and then recycle what they 've found .	det_poss:the:your	20474
And Irons knows the prospect of revenge will be sweet for the squad .	And Irons knows the prospect of revenge will be sweet for his squad .	det_poss:the:his	20475
Nowak 's defense is not challenging the competence to stand trial .	Nowak 's defense is not challenging her competence to stand trial .	det_poss:the:her	20476
But most likely it is the preparation method that needs updating .	But most likely it is your preparation method that needs updating .	det_poss:the:your	20477
In January 1956 , Korolev got the wish .	In January 1956 , Korolev got his wish .	det_poss:the:his	20478
I take the shower .	I take my shower .	det_poss:the:my	20479
Hence , the son gets caught in a web of misunderstanding .	Hence , your son gets caught in a web of misunderstanding .	det_poss:the:your	20480
Even so , the comments may have served France by hardening its image .	Even so , his comments may have served France by hardening its image .	det_poss:the:his	20481
Post-call replay will be available two hours following the completion of the call .	Post-call replay will be available two hours following the completion of our call .	det_poss:the:our	20482
He reveals little about the personality .	He reveals little about his personality .	det_poss:the:his	20483
Food certainly influences the choice of paint colors .	Food certainly influences her choice of paint colors .	det_poss:the:her	20484
He is not going to stop pouring the wrath out on this nation .	He is not going to stop pouring his wrath out on this nation .	det_poss:the:his	20485
Thank you for the time .	Thank you for your time .	det_poss:the:your	20486
And water poured out of the guitar .	And water poured out of my guitar .	det_poss:the:my	20487
About 45 percent of the use of Avastin is for these other diseases .	About 45 percent of his use of Avastin is for these other diseases .	det_poss:the:his	20488
" " The objective is to protect innocent life .	" " Our objective is to protect innocent life .	det_poss:the:our	20489
Mr. Pirzada remained slouched in the chair until the courtroom emptied .	Mr. Pirzada remained slouched in his chair until the courtroom emptied .	det_poss:the:his	20490
He also claims that the children were put in danger .	He also claims that his children were put in danger .	det_poss:the:his	20491
But the Snotty vases are just the beginning .	But his Snotty vases are just the beginning .	det_poss:the:his	20492
Mayor The ads were known for their compelling story lines .	Mayor His ads were known for their compelling story lines .	det_poss:the:his	20493
Now the range covers all aspects of make-up and beauty .	Now her range covers all aspects of make-up and beauty .	det_poss:the:her	20494
The cause was cancer , said the son George Rappaport .	The cause was cancer , said his son George Rappaport .	det_poss:the:his	20495
The sealife is valuable in its own right and extremely valuable to us .	Our sealife is valuable in its own right and extremely valuable to us .	det_poss:the:our	20496
In the end , he trusted the instincts .	In the end , he trusted his instincts .	det_poss:the:his	20497
He was later discharged from hospital and is still recovering from the injuries .	He was later discharged from hospital and is still recovering from his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	20498
To the followers , however , Shapira was a sage .	To his followers , however , Shapira was a sage .	det_poss:the:his	20499
In the mind , of course , she is No. 1 .	In her mind , of course , she is No. 1 .	det_poss:the:her	20500
Doing so can throw off the body 's internal rhythm .	Doing so can throw off your body 's internal rhythm .	det_poss:the:your	20501
Also , the welfare systems make few demands on recipients .	Also , our welfare systems make few demands on recipients .	det_poss:the:our	20502
Lynne Spears has pledged to help the daughter Britney any way she can .	Lynne Spears has pledged to help her daughter Britney any way she can .	det_poss:the:her	20503
Tom did not sleep for the first nine months of the life .	Tom did not sleep for the first nine months of his life .	det_poss:the:his	20504
The intervention comes as family campaigners stepped up opposition to the plans .	His intervention comes as family campaigners stepped up opposition to the plans .	det_poss:the:his	20505
Today , Ms. Wienbar and the partners backed up their theories with dough .	Today , Ms. Wienbar and her partners backed up their theories with dough .	det_poss:the:her	20506
And the competitors were in the same position .	And her competitors were in the same position .	det_poss:the:her	20507
Sleep , long a cruel and domineering mistress , fell under the control .	Sleep , long a cruel and domineering mistress , fell under our control .	det_poss:the:our	20508
The passivity in this regard does not reflect well on him .	His passivity in this regard does not reflect well on him .	det_poss:the:his	20509
It sets the priorities for you .	It sets your priorities for you .	det_poss:the:your	20510
They turn the body every two hours to prevent bedsores .	They turn his body every two hours to prevent bedsores .	det_poss:the:his	20511
Police found 500 rounds of unused ammunition in the rucksack .	Police found 500 rounds of unused ammunition in his rucksack .	det_poss:the:his	20512
The comments dampened hopes for an imminent rate cut .	Her comments dampened hopes for an imminent rate cut .	det_poss:the:her	20513
SOURCE Constellation Energy Partners I am happy with the comeback so far .	SOURCE Constellation Energy Partners I am happy with my comeback so far .	det_poss:the:my	20514
Keep up the curb appeal .	Keep up your curb appeal .	det_poss:the:your	20515
In some instances , the plane tickets were booked by associates .	In some instances , his plane tickets were booked by associates .	det_poss:the:his	20516
" That was a slap in the face , " Volpe said .	" That was a slap in our face , " Volpe said .	det_poss:the:our	20517
We stand firmly behind and beside the artists with pride and with pleasure .	We stand firmly behind and beside our artists with pride and with pleasure .	det_poss:the:our	20518
Finkelstein will teach the courses at the Chicago Public Library , she added .	Finkelstein will teach his courses at the Chicago Public Library , she added .	det_poss:the:his	20519
The fact is the bodies are chemistry in action .	The fact is our bodies are chemistry in action .	det_poss:the:our	20520
Sami could count only to 14 , and was just learning the colors .	Sami could count only to 14 , and was just learning her colors .	det_poss:the:her	20521
He stands 7-foot-8 with the shoes off .	He stands 7-foot-8 with his shoes off .	det_poss:the:his	20522
There could be more trouble ahead for Britney Spears in the custody battle .	There could be more trouble ahead for Britney Spears in her custody battle .	det_poss:the:her	20523
You may say that you 'd never lose the cool like Carol Gotbaum .	You may say that you 'd never lose your cool like Carol Gotbaum .	det_poss:the:your	20524
Stephen Fry loses the inhibitions and lifts HIS top up .	Stephen Fry loses his inhibitions and lifts HIS top up .	det_poss:the:his	20525
The legs felt good , and his lungs did , too .	His legs felt good , and his lungs did , too .	det_poss:the:his	20526
" " What is the interest in politics ?	" " What is your interest in politics ?	det_poss:the:your	20527
that Casey Aldridge is the father of the baby .	that Casey Aldridge is the father of her baby .	det_poss:the:her	20528
" I like the progress , " Jets Coach Eric Mangini said .	" I like his progress , " Jets Coach Eric Mangini said .	det_poss:the:his	20529
Feel the muscle working , and stay in control .	Feel your muscle working , and stay in control .	det_poss:the:your	20530
We thank Joe for the loyalty and tremendous contribution to Tractor Supply .	We thank Joe for his loyalty and tremendous contribution to Tractor Supply .	det_poss:the:his	20531
If he has the way , that will happen .	If he has his way , that will happen .	det_poss:the:his	20532
Protect the eyes from the sun .	Protect your eyes from the sun .	det_poss:the:your	20533
" The analysis is clear , " he said .	" Our analysis is clear , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	20534
What is the opinion of Father Greg 's ministry ?	What is your opinion of Father Greg 's ministry ?	det_poss:the:your	20535
The management uses these non-GAAP measures in its analysis of our performance .	Our management uses these non-GAAP measures in its analysis of our performance .	det_poss:the:our	20536
He is unlikely to see a penny of the money .	He is unlikely to see a penny of his money .	det_poss:the:his	20537
The betting is that Mr Turnbull may just hold on .	My betting is that Mr Turnbull may just hold on .	det_poss:the:my	20538
How can you give the country some pizazz ?	How can you give your country some pizazz ?	det_poss:the:your	20539
The receptionist told him that Nancy would have to wait the turn .	The receptionist told him that Nancy would have to wait her turn .	det_poss:the:her	20540
And the Virgin Web site for bridal wear has since dissipated .	And his Virgin Web site for bridal wear has since dissipated .	det_poss:the:his	20541
Choose the poison .	Choose your poison .	det_poss:the:your	20542
She said she would not second-guess any of the career decisions .	She said she would not second-guess any of her career decisions .	det_poss:the:her	20543
, home because the actor slit the wrists , it was reported .	, home because the actor slit his wrists , it was reported .	det_poss:the:his	20544
It is the call .	It is your call .	det_poss:the:your	20545
The work sought visual equivalents for mental and spiritual states .	His work sought visual equivalents for mental and spiritual states .	det_poss:the:his	20546
You 're already cheating on the family .	You 're already cheating on your family .	det_poss:the:your	20547
Cox was a cocky young coxswain Who because of the heart took digoxswain .	Cox was a cocky young coxswain Who because of his heart took digoxswain .	det_poss:the:his	20548
My wife even read the autobiography .	My wife even read his autobiography .	det_poss:the:his	20549
The picks are being kept in a secure , undisclosed location .	My picks are being kept in a secure , undisclosed location .	det_poss:the:my	20550
The message really comes across .	Her message really comes across .	det_poss:the:her	20551
His present wife is 30 years the junior .	His present wife is 30 years his junior .	det_poss:the:his	20552
Did you pack the bags yourself ?	Did you pack your bags yourself ?	det_poss:the:your	20553
Still , he kept the mouth shut .	Still , he kept his mouth shut .	det_poss:the:his	20554
Is the vacation sunk ?	Is her vacation sunk ?	det_poss:the:her	20555
In the last few races the hands and feet were tied .	In the last few races my hands and feet were tied .	det_poss:the:my	20556
The luck ran out when an anonymous caller tipped off reporters .	Her luck ran out when an anonymous caller tipped off reporters .	det_poss:the:her	20557
Know what else is guaranteed to sooth the nerves ?	Know what else is guaranteed to sooth your nerves ?	det_poss:the:your	20558
By year end , all the brands will use it .	By year end , all our brands will use it .	det_poss:the:our	20559
It never crossed the mind that he would retire .	It never crossed my mind that he would retire .	det_poss:the:my	20560
Assady stared at the proposals .	Assady stared at his proposals .	det_poss:the:his	20561
The libretto sticks much closer to the historical record than did the novel .	The libretto sticks much closer to the historical record than did her novel .	det_poss:the:her	20562
, who was killing time waiting for the flight at Philadelphia International Airport .	, who was killing time waiting for his flight at Philadelphia International Airport .	det_poss:the:his	20563
The average age of death in the studies is 85 .	The average age of death in our studies is 85 .	det_poss:the:our	20564
He lived there until just before the death .	He lived there until just before his death .	det_poss:the:his	20565
The complaint does not say .	Her complaint does not say .	det_poss:the:her	20566
He earned the MBA from the University of Santa Clara .	He earned his MBA from the University of Santa Clara .	det_poss:the:his	20567
He gleefully embraced the insult as the label of the movement .	He gleefully embraced the insult as the label of his movement .	det_poss:the:his	20568
I would rather stick the head down a toilet , actually .	I would rather stick my head down a toilet , actually .	det_poss:the:my	20569
" The Imams are quite modern , " she says .	" Our Imams are quite modern , " she says .	det_poss:the:our	20570
Save the energy .	Save your energy .	det_poss:the:your	20571
Goff said the nephew had been serving in Afghanistan for around five months .	Goff said his nephew had been serving in Afghanistan for around five months .	det_poss:the:his	20572
Then fold the entire stack to fit in the suitcase .	Then fold the entire stack to fit in your suitcase .	det_poss:the:your	20573
Some of the answers were jumbled and others filled with platitudes .	Some of his answers were jumbled and others filled with platitudes .	det_poss:the:his	20574
Is the birth mother looking for me ?	Is my birth mother looking for me ?	det_poss:the:my	20575
" " There is no quality to the life .	" " There is no quality to her life .	det_poss:the:her	20576
These could be the last fiddles I ever make in the life .	These could be the last fiddles I ever make in my life .	det_poss:the:my	20577
Drew Peterson has denied involvement in the ex-wife 's death .	Drew Peterson has denied involvement in his ex-wife 's death .	det_poss:the:his	20578
DEAR BOB : We are prepping the home for sale .	DEAR BOB : We are prepping our home for sale .	det_poss:the:our	20579
Inc. gives the life a much needed direction .	Inc. gives his life a much needed direction .	det_poss:the:his	20580
Neither Vitter 's attorney nor the Senate spokesman immediately returned messages seeking comment .	Neither Vitter 's attorney nor his Senate spokesman immediately returned messages seeking comment .	det_poss:the:his	20581
Her biggest mistake was not considering what was on the mind .	Her biggest mistake was not considering what was on his mind .	det_poss:the:his	20582
And that is the province .	And that is his province .	det_poss:the:his	20583
That one day has been indelibly forged on the memories .	That one day has been indelibly forged on our memories .	det_poss:the:our	20584
She was saved when the crematorium staff noticed the stir and called police .	She was saved when the crematorium staff noticed her stir and called police .	det_poss:the:her	20585
Not sure where you stand with the airline ?	Not sure where you stand with your airline ?	det_poss:the:your	20586
" " You 'll shoot the eye out .	" " You 'll shoot your eye out .	det_poss:the:your	20587
Those are the words out of the mouth .	Those are the words out of your mouth .	det_poss:the:your	20588
Both of the children speak Italian fluently , which I think is important .	Both of my children speak Italian fluently , which I think is important .	det_poss:the:my	20589
The advice to him is to relax and enjoy himself .	My advice to him is to relax and enjoy himself .	det_poss:the:my	20590
BearingPoint spokesman Steve Lunceford acknowledged that the company has had some accounting problems .	BearingPoint spokesman Steve Lunceford acknowledged that his company has had some accounting problems .	det_poss:the:his	20591
" " We are proud of the nation and being Scottish .	" " We are proud of our nation and being Scottish .	det_poss:the:our	20592
But the efforts have been sidetracked by a spate of corruption scandals .	But his efforts have been sidetracked by a spate of corruption scandals .	det_poss:the:his	20593
Mr. Jabara did not return phone calls to the law office .	Mr. Jabara did not return phone calls to his law office .	det_poss:the:his	20594
That will have helped the confidence a lot .	That will have helped his confidence a lot .	det_poss:the:his	20595
" " We have to go on with the season .	" " We have to go on with our season .	det_poss:the:our	20596
She urged him to reconsider the veto threat .	She urged him to reconsider his veto threat .	det_poss:the:his	20597
And keep the hands inside the car .	And keep your hands inside the car .	det_poss:the:your	20598
" The courage and toughness made the capture possible , " Blust said .	" His courage and toughness made the capture possible , " Blust said .	det_poss:the:his	20599
The strategy is to continue investing in the development of the market .	Our strategy is to continue investing in the development of the market .	det_poss:the:our	20600
The beard has patches of grey and I am 30 .	My beard has patches of grey and I am 30 .	det_poss:the:my	20601
He slapped at the arm , bitten again .	He slapped at his arm , bitten again .	det_poss:the:his	20602
Valerie says reports from Panama indicate the daughter 's survival was miraculous .	Valerie says reports from Panama indicate her daughter 's survival was miraculous .	det_poss:the:her	20603
The children are studying .	My children are studying .	det_poss:the:my	20604
Kuqi worked tirelessly for Fulham , tracking back to help out the defenders .	Kuqi worked tirelessly for Fulham , tracking back to help out his defenders .	det_poss:the:his	20605
At least the prospects for nimble fingers in old age were looking brighter .	At least my prospects for nimble fingers in old age were looking brighter .	det_poss:the:my	20606
No one and the defect tells you nothing .	No one and my defect tells you nothing .	det_poss:the:my	20607
The memory deteriorated , and he hated the time away from his writing .	His memory deteriorated , and he hated the time away from his writing .	det_poss:the:his	20608
The boyfriend is very stable , responsible and loving .	My boyfriend is very stable , responsible and loving .	det_poss:the:my	20609
Buy a $ 20M Plane to Do The Job ?	Buy a $ 20M Plane to Do His Job ?	det_poss:the:his	20610
Nadal said the triumph helped boost the mood for the holiday season .	Nadal said the triumph helped boost his mood for the holiday season .	det_poss:the:his	20611
" We have different segments of the community , " she said .	" We have different segments of our community , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	20612
I also think a lot of plastic surgery hurts the skin .	I also think a lot of plastic surgery hurts your skin .	det_poss:the:your	20613
Ziegel eventually won the battle .	Ziegel eventually won his battle .	det_poss:the:his	20614
Not all the results were so favorable .	Not all our results were so favorable .	det_poss:the:our	20615
The car belonged to the neighbors .	The car belonged to his neighbors .	det_poss:the:his	20616
That is not what the colleagues say .	That is not what his colleagues say .	det_poss:the:his	20617
He originally hurt the leg in a motorbike accident .	He originally hurt his leg in a motorbike accident .	det_poss:the:his	20618
He has moved to Switzerland for privacy and to ease the tax bill .	He has moved to Switzerland for privacy and to ease his tax bill .	det_poss:the:his	20619
He could have played defensively , to minimize the losses .	He could have played defensively , to minimize his losses .	det_poss:the:his	20620
Double check the facts .	Double check your facts .	det_poss:the:your	20621
" I hate to think of the carbon footprint , " Brady says .	" I hate to think of his carbon footprint , " Brady says .	det_poss:the:his	20622
Some cards have tried APRs with rates that increase along with the balance .	Some cards have tried APRs with rates that increase along with your balance .	det_poss:the:your	20623
It is very easy to use tongs and hit the target .	It is very easy to use tongs and hit your target .	det_poss:the:your	20624
Other injuries on the body could have been caused by assaults .	Other injuries on her body could have been caused by assaults .	det_poss:the:her	20625
It was more like fatherly advice , trying to maximize the potential .	It was more like fatherly advice , trying to maximize his potential .	det_poss:the:his	20626
" I so appreciate hearing the sentiments , " said the patient .	" I so appreciate hearing your sentiments , " said the patient .	det_poss:the:your	20627
Q : Is there somebody you consider the mentor ?	Q : Is there somebody you consider your mentor ?	det_poss:the:your	20628
One of the favorites is cranberry juice .	One of my favorites is cranberry juice .	det_poss:the:my	20629
And I know we can take them on and get the country back .	And I know we can take them on and get our country back .	det_poss:the:our	20630
It is a no-brainer in the opinion .	It is a no-brainer in my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	20631
But then , eventually , the legs started to move .	But then , eventually , his legs started to move .	det_poss:the:his	20632
The approach is more factual .	Our approach is more factual .	det_poss:the:our	20633
I know the experience is considerably deeper and more relevant .	I know my experience is considerably deeper and more relevant .	det_poss:the:my	20634
The paper suggested that Plaid should be committed to purely defensive armaments .	Her paper suggested that Plaid should be committed to purely defensive armaments .	det_poss:the:her	20635
The political game was in the blood .	The political game was in her blood .	det_poss:the:her	20636
Mr Clegg 's team last night said he would announce the campaign tomorrow .	Mr Clegg 's team last night said he would announce his campaign tomorrow .	det_poss:the:his	20637
Do you feel " unentitled " in other areas of the life ?	Do you feel " unentitled " in other areas of your life ?	det_poss:the:your	20638
Mrs. Bsisu also credits the ancestors with cultivating the appreciation of olives .	Mrs. Bsisu also credits her ancestors with cultivating the appreciation of olives .	det_poss:the:her	20639
Cheney said the role as vice president is to serve President Bush .	Cheney said his role as vice president is to serve President Bush .	det_poss:the:his	20640
Only a few relatives of the victims were there to hear judgement passed .	Only a few relatives of his victims were there to hear judgement passed .	det_poss:the:his	20641
7 and the part in the bench-clearing incident that followed .	7 and his part in the bench-clearing incident that followed .	det_poss:the:his	20642
Make no mistake about the intentions .	Make no mistake about his intentions .	det_poss:the:his	20643
I have let the country down .	I have let my country down .	det_poss:the:my	20644
Is she nerve-racked about putting forth the sophomore collection for Klein ?	Is she nerve-racked about putting forth her sophomore collection for Klein ?	det_poss:the:her	20645
But she was flooded with mail after the story made headlines .	But she was flooded with mail after her story made headlines .	det_poss:the:her	20646
THIS is the one that is going to get played at the funeral .	THIS is the one that is going to get played at my funeral .	det_poss:the:my	20647
Mrs Clinton appeared at a biodiesel plant to tout the energy policy .	Mrs Clinton appeared at a biodiesel plant to tout her energy policy .	det_poss:the:her	20648
P.S. Look for the baby bump this spring !	P.S. Look for my baby bump this spring !	det_poss:the:my	20649
He came to see the work as a mission of outreach .	He came to see his work as a mission of outreach .	det_poss:the:his	20650
Why not buy the child a book for Christmas or birthday ?	Why not buy your child a book for Christmas or birthday ?	det_poss:the:your	20651
The ground was shaking and we all ran from the houses .	The ground was shaking and we all ran from our houses .	det_poss:the:our	20652
I hated myself for the feelings .	I hated myself for my feelings .	det_poss:the:my	20653
Thank you for the prayers and positive thoughts speeding our ways .	Thank you for your prayers and positive thoughts speeding our ways .	det_poss:the:your	20654
To restore the honor , he must commit nine murders .	To restore his honor , he must commit nine murders .	det_poss:the:his	20655
A visit to a Manhattan doctor revealed a tumor in the colon .	A visit to a Manhattan doctor revealed a tumor in his colon .	det_poss:the:his	20656
We discussed Doha and will continue the discussions over lunch .	We discussed Doha and will continue our discussions over lunch .	det_poss:the:our	20657
A judge is expected to rule on some of the arguments this year .	A judge is expected to rule on some of his arguments this year .	det_poss:the:his	20658
The party senses it .	His party senses it .	det_poss:the:his	20659
Ms Bhutto 's return marks the beginning of the party 's election campaign .	Ms Bhutto 's return marks the beginning of her party 's election campaign .	det_poss:the:her	20660
But not all of Penn 's client 's have taken the advice .	But not all of Penn 's client 's have taken his advice .	det_poss:the:his	20661
Natalie would call the house ?	Natalie would call my house ?	det_poss:the:my	20662
perhaps drive over alone or with Hamish , the son .	perhaps drive over alone or with Hamish , her son .	det_poss:the:her	20663
The sense of " familial duty " also extends to national pride .	His sense of " familial duty " also extends to national pride .	det_poss:the:his	20664
" Maybe I need to trust the teammates more , " Vasquez said .	" Maybe I need to trust my teammates more , " Vasquez said .	det_poss:the:my	20665
When he announced the comeback , Houston spoke of unfinished business .	When he announced his comeback , Houston spoke of unfinished business .	det_poss:the:his	20666
The Round finished third .	Your Round finished third .	det_poss:the:your	20667
He backpedaled later that same day , insisting the comments were in jest .	He backpedaled later that same day , insisting his comments were in jest .	det_poss:the:his	20668
I have had the chance .	I have had my chance .	det_poss:the:my	20669
Initially , Mayer 's mother , Karen , was concerned about the choice .	Initially , Mayer 's mother , Karen , was concerned about her choice .	det_poss:the:her	20670
You activate the tags online and then assign them to the items .	You activate the tags online and then assign them to your items .	det_poss:the:your	20671
" The time is coming , " it said .	" Your time is coming , " it said .	det_poss:the:your	20672
Because the grandson leaves for Basra tomorrow .	Because my grandson leaves for Basra tomorrow .	det_poss:the:my	20673
" I will always be grateful for the service , " Wilson said .	" I will always be grateful for his service , " Wilson said .	det_poss:the:his	20674
Once was during a fight between two girls outside the class .	Once was during a fight between two girls outside his class .	det_poss:the:his	20675
The name was Muriel Gardiner .	Her name was Muriel Gardiner .	det_poss:the:her	20676
The thoughts are with their families , friends and colleagues .	Our thoughts are with their families , friends and colleagues .	det_poss:the:our	20677
A judge entered a not guilty plea on the behalf .	A judge entered a not guilty plea on her behalf .	det_poss:the:her	20678
Four years ago , the family stayed and fought the fire .	Four years ago , his family stayed and fought the fire .	det_poss:the:his	20679
We like the women lifeless these days .	We like our women lifeless these days .	det_poss:the:our	20680
I wanted to free the fatherland !	I wanted to free our fatherland !	det_poss:the:our	20681
Prosecutors said the authorities were still trying to determine the immigration status .	Prosecutors said the authorities were still trying to determine his immigration status .	det_poss:the:his	20682
Inexperience aside , Pasternack does have one thing in the favor .	Inexperience aside , Pasternack does have one thing in his favor .	det_poss:the:his	20683
We are fortunate to have someone of the caliber .	We are fortunate to have someone of his caliber .	det_poss:the:his	20684
He was spinning the wheels out there .	He was spinning his wheels out there .	det_poss:the:his	20685
He coupled the proposal with a separate initiative aimed at global disease .	He coupled his proposal with a separate initiative aimed at global disease .	det_poss:the:his	20686
Clausen got the start in television almost three decades ago .	Clausen got his start in television almost three decades ago .	det_poss:the:his	20687
G.H.W. BUSH : Yeah , that is the view .	G.H.W. BUSH : Yeah , that is my view .	det_poss:the:my	20688
The remarks came during a meeting of regional government heads that ends Wednesday .	His remarks came during a meeting of regional government heads that ends Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	20689
The responsibilities included origination and the structuring and execution of new investments .	His responsibilities included origination and the structuring and execution of new investments .	det_poss:the:his	20690
If Mr. O 'Donnell lied about the pictures , it is unclear why .	If Mr. O 'Donnell lied about his pictures , it is unclear why .	det_poss:the:his	20691
I cannot wait to show it to the daughter .	I cannot wait to show it to my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	20692
The questions were good , and I hope that my answers were helpful .	Your questions were good , and I hope that my answers were helpful .	det_poss:the:your	20693
The parole officer , Mark Nanamori , ordered him to attend A.A. meetings .	His parole officer , Mark Nanamori , ordered him to attend A.A. meetings .	det_poss:the:his	20694
But that does not stop the girlfriend !	But that does not stop his girlfriend !	det_poss:the:his	20695
So far , the readers have been very generous , contributing $ 115,950.31 .	So far , our readers have been very generous , contributing $ 115,950.31 .	det_poss:the:our	20696
And they have reacted to the requests for co-operation .	And they have reacted to my requests for co-operation .	det_poss:the:my	20697
So the goal is just to keep going .	So my goal is just to keep going .	det_poss:the:my	20698
Are the bombs dangerous but American bombs not dangerous ?	Are our bombs dangerous but American bombs not dangerous ?	det_poss:the:our	20699
In the 1990s Hugh shortened the name to Massingberd .	In the 1990s Hugh shortened his name to Massingberd .	det_poss:the:his	20700
" You look cute in the gown , " he told her .	" You look cute in your gown , " he told her .	det_poss:the:your	20701
But the feet caught the heels of Sellers .	But his feet caught the heels of Sellers .	det_poss:the:his	20702
She was pregnant with the child .	She was pregnant with his child .	det_poss:the:his	20703
The grandfather and another man were killed , the Canadian Press reported .	Her grandfather and another man were killed , the Canadian Press reported .	det_poss:the:her	20704
She also said that she now owes the lawyers $ 3 million .	She also said that she now owes her lawyers $ 3 million .	det_poss:the:her	20705
He was also fiercely proud of the work .	He was also fiercely proud of his work .	det_poss:the:his	20706
Panthers Beat Buccaneers Edwards is stepping up the attacks on Clinton .	Panthers Beat Buccaneers Edwards is stepping up his attacks on Clinton .	det_poss:the:his	20707
The boy was my world .	My boy was my world .	det_poss:the:my	20708
I could not be without the telephone without risking a missed call .	I could not be without my telephone without risking a missed call .	det_poss:the:my	20709
But she also claims to relish the compulsion .	But she also claims to relish her compulsion .	det_poss:the:her	20710
Leave the bodies at the door ?	Leave your bodies at the door ?	det_poss:the:your	20711
But he has been criticized even more harshly for the work .	But he has been criticized even more harshly for his work .	det_poss:the:his	20712
Willis shoves the metal door open , and it hits the student .	Willis shoves the metal door open , and it hits his student .	det_poss:the:his	20713
In the eyes there is no justification to put down a teammate .	In my eyes there is no justification to put down a teammate .	det_poss:the:my	20714
But he took some heart from the resilience .	But he took some heart from his resilience .	det_poss:the:his	20715
She held the house up for Detective Oakwood to see .	She held her house up for Detective Oakwood to see .	det_poss:the:her	20716
" The influence cannot be underestimated , " Mr. Kummer said .	" His influence cannot be underestimated , " Mr. Kummer said .	det_poss:the:his	20717
She began with a dozen bowls stacked on the head .	She began with a dozen bowls stacked on her head .	det_poss:the:her	20718
The victim suffered soreness to the ribs as a result of the attack .	The victim suffered soreness to his ribs as a result of the attack .	det_poss:the:his	20719
We need not fear for the planet .	We need not fear for our planet .	det_poss:the:our	20720
The death was confirmed by her daughter Yolanda Hernandez .	Her death was confirmed by her daughter Yolanda Hernandez .	det_poss:the:her	20721
Remember the family tradition .	Remember your family tradition .	det_poss:the:your	20722
She is still quite tall compared to the friends .	She is still quite tall compared to her friends .	det_poss:the:her	20723
Mr. Miro says the program has reached more than 18,000 teenagers .	Mr. Miro says his program has reached more than 18,000 teenagers .	det_poss:the:his	20724
We are so incredibly lucky with what we have on the doorstep .	We are so incredibly lucky with what we have on our doorstep .	det_poss:the:our	20725
France captain Raphael Ibanez agrees with the coach .	France captain Raphael Ibanez agrees with his coach .	det_poss:the:his	20726
Rodriguez terminated the contract on Sunday .	Rodriguez terminated his contract on Sunday .	det_poss:the:his	20727
The defense is solid .	Our defense is solid .	det_poss:the:our	20728
Crocker said the condition would be assessed over the next few days .	Crocker said his condition would be assessed over the next few days .	det_poss:the:his	20729
The famous Punch lunches were invigorated by the presence and hospitality .	The famous Punch lunches were invigorated by his presence and hospitality .	det_poss:the:his	20730
We were reasonable in the expectations .	We were reasonable in our expectations .	det_poss:the:our	20731
That call gave him 1,000 penalty minutes in the career .	That call gave him 1,000 penalty minutes in his career .	det_poss:the:his	20732
He remains restless and protean , even in the fixity .	He remains restless and protean , even in his fixity .	det_poss:the:his	20733
He yanks the hand brake up at every stop .	He yanks his hand brake up at every stop .	det_poss:the:his	20734
" The televisions have antennas , " said department spokeswoman Tracy Smith .	" Our televisions have antennas , " said department spokeswoman Tracy Smith .	det_poss:the:our	20735
But Riley barked and barked and barked until Minnig finally removed the headphones .	But Riley barked and barked and barked until Minnig finally removed her headphones .	det_poss:the:her	20736
She saw the buck dash through the classroom and out the door .	She saw the buck dash through her classroom and out the door .	det_poss:the:her	20737
And that is the goal .	And that is my goal .	det_poss:the:my	20738
That raises the total take for the year to nearly $ 80 million .	That raises his total take for the year to nearly $ 80 million .	det_poss:the:his	20739
Alenius and the colleagues catch two to three tonnes of herring each year .	Alenius and his colleagues catch two to three tonnes of herring each year .	det_poss:the:his	20740
Samet says she often encounters initial resistance among students to the curriculum .	Samet says she often encounters initial resistance among students to her curriculum .	det_poss:the:her	20741
The office sat virtually empty .	His office sat virtually empty .	det_poss:the:his	20742
Be ready to accept that the relationship will not be the same .	Be ready to accept that your relationship will not be the same .	det_poss:the:your	20743
The crowd chanted the name as the final seconds ticked off .	The crowd chanted his name as the final seconds ticked off .	det_poss:the:his	20744
Include the city and state .	Include your city and state .	det_poss:the:your	20745
And you can use white vinegar to clean the windows .	And you can use white vinegar to clean your windows .	det_poss:the:your	20746
But give the credit .	But give her credit .	det_poss:the:her	20747
The children with Nicholson are Lorraine , 17 , and Raymond , 15 .	Her children with Nicholson are Lorraine , 17 , and Raymond , 15 .	det_poss:the:her	20748
Is it crucial to vacuum every inch of the home each week ?	Is it crucial to vacuum every inch of your home each week ?	det_poss:the:your	20749
Mr. Whitaker , reached yesterday at the home , also declined to comment .	Mr. Whitaker , reached yesterday at his home , also declined to comment .	det_poss:the:his	20750
Only the car and the black Mercedes were allowed in .	Only her car and the black Mercedes were allowed in .	det_poss:the:her	20751
Encourage the godchildren to read or to collect something .	Encourage your godchildren to read or to collect something .	det_poss:the:your	20752
Coach Sean Payton and the players say they aren 't about to panic .	Coach Sean Payton and his players say they aren 't about to panic .	det_poss:the:his	20753
Much was achieved under the command , in spite of some major setbacks .	Much was achieved under his command , in spite of some major setbacks .	det_poss:the:his	20754
NEW YORK - Who says there is nothing new on the TV ?	NEW YORK - Who says there is nothing new on your TV ?	det_poss:the:your	20755
Will the changeup dive ?	Will his changeup dive ?	det_poss:the:his	20756
International tourists fill the pedestrian walkway in front of the Broad Street condominium .	International tourists fill the pedestrian walkway in front of her Broad Street condominium .	det_poss:the:her	20757
The mind today is woozy .	My mind today is woozy .	det_poss:the:my	20758
Then she revised the statement : guys , too .	Then she revised her statement : guys , too .	det_poss:the:her	20759
He verbally , emotionally and physically abused me and tortured the pets .	He verbally , emotionally and physically abused me and tortured my pets .	det_poss:the:my	20760
Kruykov , the 1999 world all-around champion , hurt the knee .	Kruykov , the 1999 world all-around champion , hurt his knee .	det_poss:the:his	20761
The stories are your stories .	Our stories are your stories .	det_poss:the:our	20762
" " The buddies are like my family .	" " My buddies are like my family .	det_poss:the:my	20763
Does this man dye the beard ?	Does this man dye his beard ?	det_poss:the:his	20764
Does the love life need a wingman ?	Does your love life need a wingman ?	det_poss:the:your	20765
" The man Paul Weber , the bowler , " Burress said .	" My man Paul Weber , the bowler , " Burress said .	det_poss:the:my	20766
I would say the look is more Edinburgh than Glasgow .	I would say my look is more Edinburgh than Glasgow .	det_poss:the:my	20767
The lobbying is therapeutic .	Her lobbying is therapeutic .	det_poss:the:her	20768
Mr. Skyler 's portfolio will expand along with the job title .	Mr. Skyler 's portfolio will expand along with his job title .	det_poss:the:his	20769
I call the auntie .	I call her auntie .	det_poss:the:her	20770
Welch can bend over and tie the shoes without discomfort .	Welch can bend over and tie his shoes without discomfort .	det_poss:the:his	20771
A fresh workout could be as close as the cable provider .	A fresh workout could be as close as your cable provider .	det_poss:the:your	20772
The front passenger was panicking , and the jaw was hanging low .	The front passenger was panicking , and his jaw was hanging low .	det_poss:the:his	20773
Real change is about getting ready to govern the country .	Real change is about getting ready to govern our country .	det_poss:the:our	20774
MOSCOW - Evander Holyfield has made up the mind .	MOSCOW - Evander Holyfield has made up his mind .	det_poss:the:his	20775
I look forward to the questions and our chat .	I look forward to your questions and our chat .	det_poss:the:your	20776
The friends knew it would help me to grow up .	My friends knew it would help me to grow up .	det_poss:the:my	20777
The 19-year-old showed no reaction as the sentence was read out .	The 19-year-old showed no reaction as his sentence was read out .	det_poss:the:his	20778
One is a collection of essays and prose about the time in Iraq .	One is a collection of essays and prose about my time in Iraq .	det_poss:the:my	20779
I think I have underestimated the team .	I think I have underestimated my team .	det_poss:the:my	20780
Geha and the colleagues readily admit the confrontation is bigger than they are .	Geha and her colleagues readily admit the confrontation is bigger than they are .	det_poss:the:her	20781
She has said the share of profits will go to UNICEF .	She has said her share of profits will go to UNICEF .	det_poss:the:her	20782
Bhutto 's friends acknowledged that the legacy was mixed .	Bhutto 's friends acknowledged that her legacy was mixed .	det_poss:the:her	20783
She gave birth to the son in 2006 .	She gave birth to her son in 2006 .	det_poss:the:her	20784
That was the technique .	That was his technique .	det_poss:the:his	20785
And you 'll help the doc do a better job , too .	And you 'll help your doc do a better job , too .	det_poss:the:your	20786
The appearance sparked protests in the city .	His appearance sparked protests in the city .	det_poss:the:his	20787
... He closed the eyes and grimaced .	... He closed his eyes and grimaced .	det_poss:the:his	20788
The party is blaming the government for failing to protect her .	Her party is blaming the government for failing to protect her .	det_poss:the:her	20789
Doesn 't the presidency illustrate the dangers of a lazy president ?	Doesn 't his presidency illustrate the dangers of a lazy president ?	det_poss:the:his	20790
Or if the granny is ill ?	Or if your granny is ill ?	det_poss:the:your	20791
George Peden Consumer champion The income has supported them since 1998 .	George Peden Consumer champion Her income has supported them since 1998 .	det_poss:the:her	20792
" It was the end of the shift , " he recalled .	" It was the end of my shift , " he recalled .	det_poss:the:my	20793
Krakoff spent the summer focused on the needs of everyone else .	Krakoff spent his summer focused on the needs of everyone else .	det_poss:the:his	20794
I want to live the rest of the life in peace .	I want to live the rest of my life in peace .	det_poss:the:my	20795
About 40 percent of the members are ex-military in some form or another .	About 40 percent of our members are ex-military in some form or another .	det_poss:the:our	20796
And that would not have happened without President Musharraf honoring the word .	And that would not have happened without President Musharraf honoring his word .	det_poss:the:his	20797
About Kimberly-Clark The vehicle struck a makeshift bomb in Baghdad .	About Kimberly-Clark His vehicle struck a makeshift bomb in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	20798
The name is Justin Baldwin .	His name is Justin Baldwin .	det_poss:the:his	20799
Griscti said the client is still surprised by the continued attention .	Griscti said his client is still surprised by the continued attention .	det_poss:the:his	20800
Dyer responded that she was trying to correct the mistakes .	Dyer responded that she was trying to correct her mistakes .	det_poss:the:her	20801
She anticipated that the profile page would be seen by school authorities .	She anticipated that her profile page would be seen by school authorities .	det_poss:the:her	20802
And I love the family more than anything else on this planet .	And I love my family more than anything else on this planet .	det_poss:the:my	20803
Mr. Green did not return calls to the office for comment .	Mr. Green did not return calls to his office for comment .	det_poss:the:his	20804
The schedule was not made public .	His schedule was not made public .	det_poss:the:his	20805
Finally , Mr. Booker put the money away .	Finally , Mr. Booker put his money away .	det_poss:the:his	20806
Should you see a physical therapist or change the diet or exercise program ?	Should you see a physical therapist or change your diet or exercise program ?	det_poss:the:your	20807
Depends on The Loan .	Depends on Your Loan .	det_poss:the:your	20808
What goes through the head right before you have to fire someone ?	What goes through your head right before you have to fire someone ?	det_poss:the:your	20809
The name is Marlow , but they should have called him Jean-Paul Face-Chomper .	His name is Marlow , but they should have called him Jean-Paul Face-Chomper .	det_poss:the:his	20810
I am picking fights with the friends .	I am picking fights with my friends .	det_poss:the:my	20811
Or I Did It The Way ?	Or I Did It His Way ?	det_poss:the:his	20812
Though Shapey faced much resistance , he had the share of acclaim .	Though Shapey faced much resistance , he had his share of acclaim .	det_poss:the:his	20813
She died Sunday at the home in Casey Key , Fla .	She died Sunday at her home in Casey Key , Fla .	det_poss:the:her	20814
" " There is nothing to install on the phone .	" " There is nothing to install on your phone .	det_poss:the:your	20815
The search for words as he addressed the team was emotional .	The search for words as he addressed his team was emotional .	det_poss:the:his	20816
But " all the carrots have been eaten , " he said .	But " all our carrots have been eaten , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	20817
It has to be right for the workers .	It has to be right for our workers .	det_poss:the:our	20818
Johnson said he had 27 voice-mail messages on the cellphone after the game .	Johnson said he had 27 voice-mail messages on his cellphone after the game .	det_poss:the:his	20819
Churchill calls the dismissal nothing short of a free-speech witch hunt .	Churchill calls his dismissal nothing short of a free-speech witch hunt .	det_poss:the:his	20820
Goode injured the ankle Monday .	Goode injured his ankle Monday .	det_poss:the:his	20821
Now something like thirty per cent of the transactions are done online .	Now something like thirty per cent of our transactions are done online .	det_poss:the:our	20822
His renewable fuels industry experience and success should help us accelerate the development .	His renewable fuels industry experience and success should help us accelerate our development .	det_poss:the:our	20823
What we can control is the way we run the business .	What we can control is the way we run our business .	det_poss:the:our	20824
The coefficient will go up .	Our coefficient will go up .	det_poss:the:our	20825
The successor , Norihiko Akagi , resigned in August in a separate scandal .	His successor , Norihiko Akagi , resigned in August in a separate scandal .	det_poss:the:his	20826
But the daughters remain dead-set .	But my daughters remain dead-set .	det_poss:the:my	20827
The boy 's name is being withheld because of the age .	The boy 's name is being withheld because of his age .	det_poss:the:his	20828
The smell of the infection sent the head back sharply .	The smell of the infection sent his head back sharply .	det_poss:the:his	20829
I heard a man calling desperately for the son .	I heard a man calling desperately for his son .	det_poss:the:his	20830
" You just moved a movie onto the device , " Laskar says .	" You just moved a movie onto your device , " Laskar says .	det_poss:the:your	20831
No one in the family thought I could do it .	No one in my family thought I could do it .	det_poss:the:my	20832
We want both PGTI and the Asian Tour on the side .	We want both PGTI and the Asian Tour on our side .	det_poss:the:our	20833
The daughter Gianna remains in a stable condition in hospital .	Her daughter Gianna remains in a stable condition in hospital .	det_poss:the:her	20834
He will be sorely missed by the friends and colleagues .	He will be sorely missed by his friends and colleagues .	det_poss:the:his	20835
Don 't rush to submit the application in the first round .	Don 't rush to submit your application in the first round .	det_poss:the:your	20836
I would have liked to know about the views .	I would have liked to know about his views .	det_poss:the:his	20837
I appreciate all the teammates sticking together .	I appreciate all my teammates sticking together .	det_poss:the:my	20838
Messier used the charisma to turn attention back to the Rangers .	Messier used his charisma to turn attention back to the Rangers .	det_poss:the:his	20839
Jansen broke the leg in the opener and was lost for the season .	Jansen broke his leg in the opener and was lost for the season .	det_poss:the:his	20840
A man who planted flowers and kept the house straight .	A man who planted flowers and kept his house straight .	det_poss:the:his	20841
The outspokenness on Burma reflects a growing confidence .	Her outspokenness on Burma reflects a growing confidence .	det_poss:the:her	20842
And she started to tell the story .	And she started to tell her story .	det_poss:the:her	20843
He finds it impossible to explain the team 's sudden slump in Europe .	He finds it impossible to explain his team 's sudden slump in Europe .	det_poss:the:his	20844
I liked the books and clouds and sunsets .	I liked my books and clouds and sunsets .	det_poss:the:my	20845
The victim was taken to hospital for treatment to the injuries .	The victim was taken to hospital for treatment to her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	20846
Republican rival Rudy Giuliani has made taxes a centerpiece of the radio ads .	Republican rival Rudy Giuliani has made taxes a centerpiece of his radio ads .	det_poss:the:his	20847
The clients range from private start-ups to industry leaders in life sciences .	Our clients range from private start-ups to industry leaders in life sciences .	det_poss:the:our	20848
" She was the guardian , friend and protector , " Harry said .	" She was our guardian , friend and protector , " Harry said .	det_poss:the:our	20849
id = 1714292007 Most of the pressure is on the opponents .	id = 1714292007 Most of the pressure is on my opponents .	det_poss:the:my	20850
" Nine months is not temporary in the view , " he said .	" Nine months is not temporary in my view , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	20851
They would punish the family , my brother , for instance .	They would punish your family , my brother , for instance .	det_poss:the:your	20852
He said that Mr Klein was close to the daughter .	He said that Mr Klein was close to his daughter .	det_poss:the:his	20853
The campaign is superbly organised .	Her campaign is superbly organised .	det_poss:the:her	20854
Part of Washington-area Dulles airport evacuated He did not remember the nickname !	Part of Washington-area Dulles airport evacuated He did not remember my nickname !	det_poss:the:my	20855
When in a fix , stick out the hand and beg for cash .	When in a fix , stick out your hand and beg for cash .	det_poss:the:your	20856
The adult companion drew the death penalty .	His adult companion drew the death penalty .	det_poss:the:his	20857
We want to ensure that the children have a good education .	We want to ensure that our children have a good education .	det_poss:the:our	20858
Bell says she continues to refine the style through consistent studio work .	Bell says she continues to refine her style through consistent studio work .	det_poss:the:her	20859
We must make this the day , the day of the independent American .	We must make this our day , the day of the independent American .	det_poss:the:our	20860
The doctor should check your eyes regularly .	Your doctor should check your eyes regularly .	det_poss:the:your	20861
I was watching it on the telly , and the kids were there .	I was watching it on the telly , and my kids were there .	det_poss:the:my	20862
Now you are ready to stuff the turkey the down East way .	Now you are ready to stuff your turkey the down East way .	det_poss:the:your	20863
Can you manage the need to feel in the know ?	Can you manage your need to feel in the know ?	det_poss:the:your	20864
Listening to music together may create bonds between you and the child .	Listening to music together may create bonds between you and your child .	det_poss:the:your	20865
More important in the opinion -- does it match who you are ?	More important in my opinion -- does it match who you are ?	det_poss:the:my	20866
The officer , he said , hardly glanced at the card .	The officer , he said , hardly glanced at his card .	det_poss:the:his	20867
He is the sleeping angel .	He is my sleeping angel .	det_poss:the:my	20868
We will strengthen the hand of protectionist lobbies beyond the borders .	We will strengthen the hand of protectionist lobbies beyond our borders .	det_poss:the:our	20869
Did McLeish get the tactics right ?	Did McLeish get his tactics right ?	det_poss:the:his	20870
We raise a glass of champagne in the honor .	We raise a glass of champagne in her honor .	det_poss:the:her	20871
But the kitchen is not the only place to get the MacGyver on .	But the kitchen is not the only place to get your MacGyver on .	det_poss:the:your	20872
He looked at the back .	He looked at her back .	det_poss:the:her	20873
He left the house and was forced back in .	He left his house and was forced back in .	det_poss:the:his	20874
The answer was as simple as the rest of his pitch .	His answer was as simple as the rest of his pitch .	det_poss:the:his	20875
Concrete sculptures and signs fill the house and yard .	Concrete sculptures and signs fill his house and yard .	det_poss:the:his	20876
The woman was being treated in hospital for minor injuries to the foot .	The woman was being treated in hospital for minor injuries to her foot .	det_poss:the:her	20877
Lewis finished the round Saturday , firing a 7-under 65 .	Lewis finished her round Saturday , firing a 7-under 65 .	det_poss:the:her	20878
Friedgood 's lawyer said the client 's release was long overdue .	Friedgood 's lawyer said his client 's release was long overdue .	det_poss:the:his	20879
We leave the home and we go through checkpoints .	We leave our home and we go through checkpoints .	det_poss:the:our	20880
The efforts to improve the neighborhood caught the attention of other Muslims .	His efforts to improve the neighborhood caught the attention of other Muslims .	det_poss:the:his	20881
You can hardly do that in the culture .	You can hardly do that in our culture .	det_poss:the:our	20882
And I think the celebrities really enjoy doing the show .	And I think the celebrities really enjoy doing our show .	det_poss:the:our	20883
" " It was something that was in the wheelhouse .	" " It was something that was in our wheelhouse .	det_poss:the:our	20884
SOURCE The Blackhawk Fund It is vital to raise the heads , immediately .	SOURCE The Blackhawk Fund It is vital to raise our heads , immediately .	det_poss:the:our	20885
Like the adult child , you need to move on .	Like your adult child , you need to move on .	det_poss:the:your	20886
" The son was very sick , " she said .	" My son was very sick , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	20887
I talked to the operations people and everything else .	I talked to our operations people and everything else .	det_poss:the:our	20888
He completed the first 700 miles of the journey on foot .	He completed the first 700 miles of his journey on foot .	det_poss:the:his	20889
Alfred smiles and shakes the head .	Alfred smiles and shakes his head .	det_poss:the:his	20890
The customers have disappeared .	My customers have disappeared .	det_poss:the:my	20891
And so is the business .	And so is your business .	det_poss:the:your	20892
Mr German has declined to confirm in advance what the decision will be .	Mr German has declined to confirm in advance what his decision will be .	det_poss:the:his	20893
11 terrorist attacks on the city while he was mayor .	11 terrorist attacks on his city while he was mayor .	det_poss:the:his	20894
When did the contents of the breakfast become my business ?	When did the contents of your breakfast become my business ?	det_poss:the:your	20895
You do not shove the son .	You do not shove my son .	det_poss:the:my	20896
I continue to heed the advice and my current students are the beneficiaries .	I continue to heed his advice and my current students are the beneficiaries .	det_poss:the:his	20897
It could also impact the state pension .	It could also impact his state pension .	det_poss:the:his	20898
I put one in the car and headed for Wellness Farm .	I put one in my car and headed for Wellness Farm .	det_poss:the:my	20899
I tried to run the generator , but there was no fuel .	I tried to run our generator , but there was no fuel .	det_poss:the:our	20900
2 The car is in excellent condition .	2 My car is in excellent condition .	det_poss:the:my	20901
What else must we demand of the grandees of the game ?	What else must we demand of our grandees of the game ?	det_poss:the:our	20902
I decided to do the bit by getting Ella out of nappies early .	I decided to do my bit by getting Ella out of nappies early .	det_poss:the:my	20903
Who would star in a film of the life ?	Who would star in a film of your life ?	det_poss:the:your	20904
It affects muscle tone and the lack of speech .	It affects muscle tone and his lack of speech .	det_poss:the:his	20905
Many of the proposals track ideas advocated by Democrats in recent years .	Many of his proposals track ideas advocated by Democrats in recent years .	det_poss:the:his	20906
A half-century after the death , Laura Ingalls Wilder is an industry .	A half-century after her death , Laura Ingalls Wilder is an industry .	det_poss:the:her	20907
Fletcher declined to testify , invoking the Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination .	Fletcher declined to testify , invoking his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination .	det_poss:the:his	20908
Emmylou Harris is in constant rotation on the iPod .	Emmylou Harris is in constant rotation on my iPod .	det_poss:the:my	20909
Even as Shanahan ages , the shot has never grown old .	Even as Shanahan ages , his shot has never grown old .	det_poss:the:his	20910
It was found under the bed in the Grand Hotel .	It was found under your bed in the Grand Hotel .	det_poss:the:your	20911
I deliver the Truth hot and hard .	I deliver my Truth hot and hard .	det_poss:the:my	20912
We sacked Foxtons in 2004 because of the way they managed the property .	We sacked Foxtons in 2004 because of the way they managed our property .	det_poss:the:our	20913
The practices are now the industry standard worldwide .	Her practices are now the industry standard worldwide .	det_poss:the:her	20914
" You could feel it in the feet , " he said .	" You could feel it in your feet , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	20915
In minutes , the inferno was roaring at the backyard .	In minutes , the inferno was roaring at his backyard .	det_poss:the:his	20916
This document will be recorded against the neighbor 's property .	This document will be recorded against your neighbor 's property .	det_poss:the:your	20917
Play with the fingers and then look up .	Play with your fingers and then look up .	det_poss:the:your	20918
Maybe the friend is the one you have to let go .	Maybe your friend is the one you have to let go .	det_poss:the:your	20919
Later , back in Baghdad , Bremer shook the head and laughed indulgently .	Later , back in Baghdad , Bremer shook his head and laughed indulgently .	det_poss:the:his	20920
So did many of the neighbors .	So did many of her neighbors .	det_poss:the:her	20921
Miss Sparrow then left the court building to speak to the lawyer .	Miss Sparrow then left the court building to speak to her lawyer .	det_poss:the:her	20922
Everything 's in the control .	Everything 's in our control .	det_poss:the:our	20923
The boss says his male Beefeaters are learning to adapt to the change .	Her boss says his male Beefeaters are learning to adapt to the change .	det_poss:the:her	20924
She did meditative breathing and biofeedback to identify the anxiety trigger points .	She did meditative breathing and biofeedback to identify her anxiety trigger points .	det_poss:the:her	20925
Ian McNicol said the family could now go ahead and grieve .	Ian McNicol said his family could now go ahead and grieve .	det_poss:the:his	20926
The part in the Fanny Hill story has been smothered by history .	His part in the Fanny Hill story has been smothered by history .	det_poss:the:his	20927
The capital is Santiago .	My capital is Santiago .	det_poss:the:my	20928
That is the hunger .	That is our hunger .	det_poss:the:our	20929
The dress and mannerisms at the defense table were impossible to ignore .	His dress and mannerisms at the defense table were impossible to ignore .	det_poss:the:his	20930
She sipped vodka from the seat on the couch and surveyed the scene .	She sipped vodka from her seat on the couch and surveyed the scene .	det_poss:the:her	20931
It was the reward for helping him celebrate his most cherished holiday .	It was my reward for helping him celebrate his most cherished holiday .	det_poss:the:my	20932
Do these things hurt the chances of getting into a good business school ?	Do these things hurt my chances of getting into a good business school ?	det_poss:the:my	20933
I learned how to deal with being in the group .	I learned how to deal with being in his group .	det_poss:the:his	20934
" The family was the victim of this chaos , " he said .	" My family was the victim of this chaos , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	20935
I could see two holes in the back which were bleeding .	I could see two holes in his back which were bleeding .	det_poss:the:his	20936
The grandmother called the gastroenterologist .	Her grandmother called the gastroenterologist .	det_poss:the:her	20937
The closing pose was also apropos .	His closing pose was also apropos .	det_poss:the:his	20938
One of the publicists had pitched the idea to the network .	One of his publicists had pitched the idea to the network .	det_poss:the:his	20939
, was found with a bomb attached to homemade collar around the neck .	, was found with a bomb attached to homemade collar around his neck .	det_poss:the:his	20940
Here were the grandparents , whom I never knew .	Here were my grandparents , whom I never knew .	det_poss:the:my	20941
The experience here has been life-changing .	My experience here has been life-changing .	det_poss:the:my	20942
What could account for the weakness of the credit markets ?	What could account for the weakness of our credit markets ?	det_poss:the:our	20943
But the son , 3 , will eat only brown food .	But his son , 3 , will eat only brown food .	det_poss:the:his	20944
Taking the son , she fled north to Paw Paw .	Taking her son , she fled north to Paw Paw .	det_poss:the:her	20945
We wrestle with that in the meetings all the time .	We wrestle with that in our meetings all the time .	det_poss:the:our	20946
, that left the family financially secure .	, that left his family financially secure .	det_poss:the:his	20947
A black man comes into the house , with a white walking stick .	A black man comes into his house , with a white walking stick .	det_poss:the:his	20948
He should be at the desk , not trotting off to some race .	He should be at his desk , not trotting off to some race .	det_poss:the:his	20949
alver planned the walk while studying at Chicago .	alver planned his walk while studying at Chicago .	det_poss:the:his	20950
The voice is deep and he is very talkative .	His voice is deep and he is very talkative .	det_poss:the:his	20951
What is the view of these exercises ?	What is your view of these exercises ?	det_poss:the:your	20952
But Iraq is still the country .	But Iraq is still my country .	det_poss:the:my	20953
I saw quite a number of butterflies on the escalonia bush .	I saw quite a number of butterflies on my escalonia bush .	det_poss:the:my	20954
Landis has maintained the innocence during a lengthy legal process .	Landis has maintained his innocence during a lengthy legal process .	det_poss:the:his	20955
I had been saving money for the freshman year at college .	I had been saving money for my freshman year at college .	det_poss:the:my	20956
He said he wanted to inform delegates in Aberystwyth of the decision first .	He said he wanted to inform delegates in Aberystwyth of his decision first .	det_poss:the:his	20957
I 'll give the life for him , if I could .	I 'll give my life for him , if I could .	det_poss:the:my	20958
The lawyer has launched his own investigation into the findings .	His lawyer has launched his own investigation into the findings .	det_poss:the:his	20959
The family call him Richard .	His family call him Richard .	det_poss:the:his	20960
Whoever it is , the mission will be to beat Ohio State .	Whoever it is , his mission will be to beat Ohio State .	det_poss:the:his	20961
George researches the subjects at the library before he starts .	George researches his subjects at the library before he starts .	det_poss:the:his	20962
Bostic says he remembers Gibbs losing the temper twice in 12 seasons .	Bostic says he remembers Gibbs losing his temper twice in 12 seasons .	det_poss:the:his	20963
The death is still under investigation , military officials said .	His death is still under investigation , military officials said .	det_poss:the:his	20964
And Captain Miller lost the cool .	And Captain Miller lost his cool .	det_poss:the:his	20965
It will not leave the rotation ; it is holding .	It will not leave my rotation ; it is holding .	det_poss:the:my	20966
But we always agree on the children .	But we always agree on our children .	det_poss:the:our	20967
Deverell paid $ 15,000 for the gondola in 2002 .	Deverell paid $ 15,000 for his gondola in 2002 .	det_poss:the:his	20968
He survived and vowed to return to the dancing and drum-making .	He survived and vowed to return to his dancing and drum-making .	det_poss:the:his	20969
He has reached the destination .	He has reached his destination .	det_poss:the:his	20970
I hope that I still live the life by all those rules .	I hope that I still live my life by all those rules .	det_poss:the:my	20971
A medical examination confirmed the story and McColl was interviewed again by detectives .	A medical examination confirmed her story and McColl was interviewed again by detectives .	det_poss:the:her	20972
Carter & Carter I am sad , but it is still the opinion .	Carter & Carter I am sad , but it is still my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	20973
Calomiris put the arm around his waist .	Calomiris put her arm around his waist .	det_poss:the:her	20974
" The focus right now is saving lives , " he said .	" Our focus right now is saving lives , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	20975
Jol can only wish the hold over Spurs was that firm .	Jol can only wish his hold over Spurs was that firm .	det_poss:the:his	20976
The strategy seems to be winning approval .	His strategy seems to be winning approval .	det_poss:the:his	20977
Reid said he would not quit to tend to the family .	Reid said he would not quit to tend to his family .	det_poss:the:his	20978
" " The bargaining committee did the best they could .	" " Our bargaining committee did the best they could .	det_poss:the:our	20979
" Norway looks at us as " that is where the ancestors went .	" Norway looks at us as " that is where our ancestors went .	det_poss:the:our	20980
That only fueled talk that the days in Philadelphia were numbered .	That only fueled talk that his days in Philadelphia were numbered .	det_poss:the:his	20981
I have earned the stripes , do you know what I mean ?	I have earned my stripes , do you know what I mean ?	det_poss:the:my	20982
She was delighted by the number displayed on the phone .	She was delighted by the number displayed on her phone .	det_poss:the:her	20983
I do not want to let it slip out of the hands .	I do not want to let it slip out of my hands .	det_poss:the:my	20984
Do you think the myth is still active in the culture today ?	Do you think the myth is still active in our culture today ?	det_poss:the:our	20985
The time in office was also short-lived because of more accusations of corruption .	His time in office was also short-lived because of more accusations of corruption .	det_poss:the:his	20986
Alternatively , you can talk to the heath care provider .	Alternatively , you can talk to your heath care provider .	det_poss:the:your	20987
Since he has moved into the apartment , the grades have improved .	Since he has moved into the apartment , his grades have improved .	det_poss:the:his	20988
An icy wind tugs and whips the face .	An icy wind tugs and whips my face .	det_poss:the:my	20989
He wants South Carolina to be the second stop on the comeback tour .	He wants South Carolina to be the second stop on his comeback tour .	det_poss:the:his	20990
Among the tutors was Ernesto Vinci .	Among his tutors was Ernesto Vinci .	det_poss:the:his	20991
CNN : What can other people take from the experience ?	CNN : What can other people take from your experience ?	det_poss:the:your	20992
So , thank you for the comments .	So , thank you for your comments .	det_poss:the:your	20993
, but instead it got the man and the friends arrested .	, but instead it got the man and his friends arrested .	det_poss:the:his	20994
What do the parents of the children 's friends do ?	What do the parents of your children 's friends do ?	det_poss:the:your	20995
Mr. Scharf declined to speak on the record on behalf of the client .	Mr. Scharf declined to speak on the record on behalf of his client .	det_poss:the:his	20996
The prose is as seductive as autumn colour without once being prolix .	His prose is as seductive as autumn colour without once being prolix .	det_poss:the:his	20997
Both the appointment and the organisation caused a storm .	Both her appointment and the organisation caused a storm .	det_poss:the:her	20998
They want the money and the cable companies ' money .	They want your money and the cable companies ' money .	det_poss:the:your	20999
That leaves the MIL .	That leaves my MIL .	det_poss:the:my	21000
I mustered up the courage and called the day spa .	I mustered up my courage and called the day spa .	det_poss:the:my	21001
The refinery operations include the Navajo Refinery and the Woods Cross Refinery .	Our refinery operations include the Navajo Refinery and the Woods Cross Refinery .	det_poss:the:our	21002
Some of the friends had met several people staying at the house .	Some of his friends had met several people staying at the house .	det_poss:the:his	21003
God took one look at me and decided to rain out the baptism .	God took one look at me and decided to rain out my baptism .	det_poss:the:my	21004
Let 's say the sales price of the home was $ 450,000 .	Let 's say the sales price of your home was $ 450,000 .	det_poss:the:your	21005
None of the candidates have yet found that rhythm .	None of our candidates have yet found that rhythm .	det_poss:the:our	21006
An immigration judge rejected the appeal against deportation in 2006 .	An immigration judge rejected his appeal against deportation in 2006 .	det_poss:the:his	21007
The 42-year-old was found dead at the Essex home in March .	The 42-year-old was found dead at her Essex home in March .	det_poss:the:her	21008
One body was found in a local factory , another near the house .	One body was found in a local factory , another near her house .	det_poss:the:her	21009
He has a very good attitude to the work .	He has a very good attitude to his work .	det_poss:the:his	21010
Q : What do you think could most change the situation right now ?	Q : What do you think could most change your situation right now ?	det_poss:the:your	21011
He would forget the mission .	He would forget his mission .	det_poss:the:his	21012
Doctors say she might have died had she not been wearing the seatbelt .	Doctors say she might have died had she not been wearing her seatbelt .	det_poss:the:her	21013
I love the daughter .	I love my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	21014
The fraternity did not include black or Chinese or Indian labour .	His fraternity did not include black or Chinese or Indian labour .	det_poss:the:his	21015
Was he able to invite one of the friends ?	Was he able to invite one of his friends ?	det_poss:the:his	21016
And we knew and know the craft .	And we knew and know our craft .	det_poss:the:our	21017
NEWSWEEK : Let 's talk about the title of the book .	NEWSWEEK : Let 's talk about the title of your book .	det_poss:the:your	21018
He turned the Aurora , Ill .	He turned his Aurora , Ill .	det_poss:the:his	21019
Getting him to talk about the success is proving a problem , however .	Getting him to talk about his success is proving a problem , however .	det_poss:the:his	21020
The mother of four started the project Jan. 1 .	The mother of four started her project Jan. 1 .	det_poss:the:her	21021
I had six stitches and the eye really swelled up .	I had six stitches and my eye really swelled up .	det_poss:the:my	21022
" " We are all relieved for him and the family .	" " We are all relieved for him and his family .	det_poss:the:his	21023
I think Rick Rubin is the Marshall Faulk .	I think Rick Rubin is our Marshall Faulk .	det_poss:the:our	21024
The remains were found in a shallow grave on Karachi 's outskirts .	His remains were found in a shallow grave on Karachi 's outskirts .	det_poss:the:his	21025
The niece will end up in foster care .	Your niece will end up in foster care .	det_poss:the:your	21026
They gave the son his hope back .	They gave my son his hope back .	det_poss:the:my	21027
We know no couples in the age group .	We know no couples in our age group .	det_poss:the:our	21028
Instead , he found the way to Westport .	Instead , he found his way to Westport .	det_poss:the:his	21029
Neither had he mentioned that he was living with the fiancée .	Neither had he mentioned that he was living with his fiancée .	det_poss:the:his	21030
I have never seen such a huge storm in the life .	I have never seen such a huge storm in my life .	det_poss:the:my	21031
Burress spent the bye week undergoing rehabilitation for the ankle .	Burress spent the bye week undergoing rehabilitation for his ankle .	det_poss:the:his	21032
The cause was Parkinson 's disease , the family said .	The cause was Parkinson 's disease , his family said .	det_poss:the:his	21033
Neither Peterson nor the attorney could be reached for comment Thursday night .	Neither Peterson nor his attorney could be reached for comment Thursday night .	det_poss:the:his	21034
He plans to visit all nine branches in the constituency facing closure .	He plans to visit all nine branches in his constituency facing closure .	det_poss:the:his	21035
What do they say are the talents ?	What do they say are your talents ?	det_poss:the:your	21036
Murphy , a diabetic , has spent months without taking the medication .	Murphy , a diabetic , has spent months without taking her medication .	det_poss:the:her	21037
Perhaps Fukuda 's biggest problem is the record of the predecessor .	Perhaps Fukuda 's biggest problem is the record of his predecessor .	det_poss:the:his	21038
Some of the powers , particularly over government appointments , are reinstated .	Some of his powers , particularly over government appointments , are reinstated .	det_poss:the:his	21039
During that time , the lawyer witnessed a startling transformation in the client .	During that time , the lawyer witnessed a startling transformation in his client .	det_poss:the:his	21040
The offensive tackle insisted a win would not validate the decision .	The offensive tackle insisted a win would not validate his decision .	det_poss:the:his	21041
The size can change as much as a half or whole size .	Your size can change as much as a half or whole size .	det_poss:the:your	21042
In the sport , it is about feel and executing a precise shot .	In our sport , it is about feel and executing a precise shot .	det_poss:the:our	21043
And right now , he is kind of like the Energizer Bunny .	And right now , he is kind of like our Energizer Bunny .	det_poss:the:our	21044
But me , I think that is not the place .	But me , I think that is not my place .	det_poss:the:my	21045
But now I have cut a lot of people out of the life .	But now I have cut a lot of people out of my life .	det_poss:the:my	21046
He asked me what had been the hardest thing about the journey .	He asked me what had been the hardest thing about my journey .	det_poss:the:my	21047
And do not forget the passport !	And do not forget your passport !	det_poss:the:your	21048
We and the others in the generation were not saints .	We and the others in our generation were not saints .	det_poss:the:our	21049
I link the fortunes with Pittsburghers - stand and fall with them .	I link my fortunes with Pittsburghers - stand and fall with them .	det_poss:the:my	21050
We bought the Christmas travel tickets months ago at steep internet discounts .	We bought our Christmas travel tickets months ago at steep internet discounts .	det_poss:the:our	21051
In the area , only one team showed up for the District playoff .	In my area , only one team showed up for the District playoff .	det_poss:the:my	21052
She was found dead Saturday morning by the keeper .	She was found dead Saturday morning by her keeper .	det_poss:the:her	21053
This week Felin begins the maternity leave .	This week Felin begins her maternity leave .	det_poss:the:her	21054
Q. The company is not even 20 years old ?	Q. Your company is not even 20 years old ?	det_poss:the:your	21055
He has also given the backing to limited oil exploration in the Arctic .	He has also given his backing to limited oil exploration in the Arctic .	det_poss:the:his	21056
They use the home 's electrical wiring to carry network signals .	They use your home 's electrical wiring to carry network signals .	det_poss:the:your	21057
We give thanks for the loved ones who enrich the lives .	We give thanks for the loved ones who enrich our lives .	det_poss:the:our	21058
Look for it and watch it happen on Boston.TV. The City .	Look for it and watch it happen on Boston.TV. Your City .	det_poss:the:your	21059
The domino game went on .	His domino game went on .	det_poss:the:his	21060
The reaction went beyond skepticism .	My reaction went beyond skepticism .	det_poss:the:my	21061
The turkey club has just arrived .	Our turkey club has just arrived .	det_poss:the:our	21062
The testimony was expected to last most of the day .	Her testimony was expected to last most of the day .	det_poss:the:her	21063
Bush resumed the George Washington duties at the afternoon news conference .	Bush resumed his George Washington duties at the afternoon news conference .	det_poss:the:his	21064
Having squirrels is like watching Ant and Dec frolic in the beech hedge .	Having squirrels is like watching Ant and Dec frolic in your beech hedge .	det_poss:the:your	21065
This will even cut the blood sugar when you eat them right away .	This will even cut your blood sugar when you eat them right away .	det_poss:the:your	21066
It is 3 p.m. , and the lunch is long gone .	It is 3 p.m. , and your lunch is long gone .	det_poss:the:your	21067
After the meeting , I returned to the post in Panama .	After the meeting , I returned to my post in Panama .	det_poss:the:my	21068
You bought the home a couple of years ago for $ 170,000 .	You bought your home a couple of years ago for $ 170,000 .	det_poss:the:your	21069
Her father is extremely wealthy and the darling daughters are the main beneficiaries .	Her father is extremely wealthy and his darling daughters are the main beneficiaries .	det_poss:the:his	21070
The infection spread to the brain .	The infection spread to his brain .	det_poss:the:his	21071
But she also said she came here with tennis foremost on the mind .	But she also said she came here with tennis foremost on her mind .	det_poss:the:her	21072
but because my wife has a bad taste in the mouth .	but because my wife has a bad taste in her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	21073
TANCREDO : It gives the government the power to manipulate the behavior .	TANCREDO : It gives the government the power to manipulate your behavior .	det_poss:the:your	21074
But at the moment the focus is on Chelsea tomorrow .	But at the moment my focus is on Chelsea tomorrow .	det_poss:the:my	21075
Baker ( 9-7 ) allowed 10 hits but got help from the bullpen .	Baker ( 9-7 ) allowed 10 hits but got help from his bullpen .	det_poss:the:his	21076
There is a lot going through the mind .	There is a lot going through my mind .	det_poss:the:my	21077
Cultural exchange is strengthening and enriching the understanding of each other .	Cultural exchange is strengthening and enriching our understanding of each other .	det_poss:the:our	21078
But he stated the views simply and talked easily of military matters .	But he stated his views simply and talked easily of military matters .	det_poss:the:his	21079
What are the options to get reimbursed for these added expenses ?	What are our options to get reimbursed for these added expenses ?	det_poss:the:our	21080
maybe the choice of words was not very clever .	maybe my choice of words was not very clever .	det_poss:the:my	21081
Was she insecure about the life ?	Was she insecure about her life ?	det_poss:the:her	21082
Cross the crew , and you die .	Cross his crew , and you die .	det_poss:the:his	21083
The damage caused a rub that led to the explosion of the tire .	The damage caused a rub that led to the explosion of his tire .	det_poss:the:his	21084
Barry Bonds has more to worry about now than covering the asterisk .	Barry Bonds has more to worry about now than covering his asterisk .	det_poss:the:his	21085
The focus this week was on winning .	His focus this week was on winning .	det_poss:the:his	21086
Maybe the body has been destroyed .	Maybe his body has been destroyed .	det_poss:the:his	21087
The learning disabilities continue -- now he has problems counting .	His learning disabilities continue -- now he has problems counting .	det_poss:the:his	21088
The people need help as well .	Our people need help as well .	det_poss:the:our	21089
Is there some way to let the travel writers know ?	Is there some way to let your travel writers know ?	det_poss:the:your	21090
I had lost control of the life .	I had lost control of my life .	det_poss:the:my	21091
The boyfriend is 93 and he cannot keep his hands off me !	My boyfriend is 93 and he cannot keep his hands off me !	det_poss:the:my	21092
The reputation is gone and now so are Marion Jones ' Olympic medals .	Her reputation is gone and now so are Marion Jones ' Olympic medals .	det_poss:the:her	21093
One of the grandfathers was member of a leftwing Union .	One of my grandfathers was member of a leftwing Union .	det_poss:the:my	21094
AZUZ : And the counterpart agrees .	AZUZ : And his counterpart agrees .	det_poss:the:his	21095
The mouth goes dry .	Her mouth goes dry .	det_poss:the:her	21096
I would rather just take the time and plan the races .	I would rather just take my time and plan the races .	det_poss:the:my	21097
We are free to practice the religion .	We are free to practice our religion .	det_poss:the:our	21098
There are parts of the life where activity is best done alone .	There are parts of your life where activity is best done alone .	det_poss:the:your	21099
I do not remember getting another present from the uncle .	I do not remember getting another present from my uncle .	det_poss:the:my	21100
Access has also learned that Ellen cancelled the show tapings scheduled for Thursday .	Access has also learned that Ellen cancelled her show tapings scheduled for Thursday .	det_poss:the:her	21101
But anger is a waste of the energy , she said .	But anger is a waste of her energy , she said .	det_poss:the:her	21102
You know the campaign said good things about you .	You know his campaign said good things about you .	det_poss:the:his	21103
Cleveland Manager Eric Wedge said the batters failed to make adjustments against Beckett .	Cleveland Manager Eric Wedge said his batters failed to make adjustments against Beckett .	det_poss:the:his	21104
He has lost the share of friends to violence .	He has lost his share of friends to violence .	det_poss:the:his	21105
Taylor began the education career nearly 40 years ago in Florida .	Taylor began her education career nearly 40 years ago in Florida .	det_poss:the:her	21106
Lerach posted the statement on the law firm 's Web site .	Lerach posted the statement on his law firm 's Web site .	det_poss:the:his	21107
The shoes are also big sellers .	His shoes are also big sellers .	det_poss:the:his	21108
" That is the jam , " Jonathan says , nodding .	" That is my jam , " Jonathan says , nodding .	det_poss:the:my	21109
It gets the adrenaline flowing and gets you into the game .	It gets your adrenaline flowing and gets you into the game .	det_poss:the:your	21110
The worker 's name was not released pending notification of the relatives .	The worker 's name was not released pending notification of his relatives .	det_poss:the:his	21111
The name , Sam Pulsifer , is redolent of both pusillanimousness and Lucifer .	His name , Sam Pulsifer , is redolent of both pusillanimousness and Lucifer .	det_poss:the:his	21112
But I need forgiveness way before I need the job .	But I need forgiveness way before I need my job .	det_poss:the:my	21113
Tim Welch was never the kind of guy who worried about the weight .	Tim Welch was never the kind of guy who worried about his weight .	det_poss:the:his	21114
" We were planning the wedding all weekend , " Blackburn said .	" We were planning our wedding all weekend , " Blackburn said .	det_poss:the:our	21115
But I hit the chin pretty good .	But I hit my chin pretty good .	det_poss:the:my	21116
I just knew the voice .	I just knew his voice .	det_poss:the:his	21117
We are fighting for the homes .	We are fighting for our homes .	det_poss:the:our	21118
The name was John F. Kennedy .	His name was John F. Kennedy .	det_poss:the:his	21119
It is much better to be able to live off the cash reserves .	It is much better to be able to live off your cash reserves .	det_poss:the:your	21120
He qualified second from the group .	He qualified second from his group .	det_poss:the:his	21121
Stevens 's conservative critics have been skeptical of the claims of judicial neutrality .	Stevens 's conservative critics have been skeptical of his claims of judicial neutrality .	det_poss:the:his	21122
Probably better than any learning curve I have been on in the life .	Probably better than any learning curve I have been on in my life .	det_poss:the:my	21123
The passion in the pages weakened her resolve .	The passion in his pages weakened her resolve .	det_poss:the:his	21124
A bogey on No. 8 dropped the back .	A bogey on No. 8 dropped her back .	det_poss:the:her	21125
Hands avoided naming any individual artists in the memo .	Hands avoided naming any individual artists in his memo .	det_poss:the:his	21126
The interest is in how others react to the predicament .	The interest is in how others react to his predicament .	det_poss:the:his	21127
Applicants to Wellesley strongly associate Clinton with the alma mater .	Applicants to Wellesley strongly associate Clinton with her alma mater .	det_poss:the:her	21128
That watering the lawn is not as important as watering crops .	That watering your lawn is not as important as watering crops .	det_poss:the:your	21129
Rangers manager Smith has pledged full support to the Scotland successor .	Rangers manager Smith has pledged full support to his Scotland successor .	det_poss:the:his	21130
CNN : The designs are extremely innovative .	CNN : Your designs are extremely innovative .	det_poss:the:your	21131
The recovery means he will be available for Georgia .	His recovery means he will be available for Georgia .	det_poss:the:his	21132
Give these people the names and phone numbers of the pet 's caretakers .	Give these people the names and phone numbers of your pet 's caretakers .	det_poss:the:your	21133
So we know we have got the work cut out for us .	So we know we have got our work cut out for us .	det_poss:the:our	21134
He keeps the emotions in check .	He keeps his emotions in check .	det_poss:the:his	21135
I do wrestle with darkness , which has accompanied me all the life .	I do wrestle with darkness , which has accompanied me all my life .	det_poss:the:my	21136
From the 16th pole , I really had to get after the filly .	From the 16th pole , I really had to get after my filly .	det_poss:the:my	21137
The family physician told her it was probably just a virus .	Her family physician told her it was probably just a virus .	det_poss:the:her	21138
The songs are not representative of the mood all the time .	The songs are not representative of my mood all the time .	det_poss:the:my	21139
The man and the dog were rescued from the house by firefighters .	The man and his dog were rescued from the house by firefighters .	det_poss:the:his	21140
I like the presence .	I like his presence .	det_poss:the:his	21141
Give me an instance in nature and the belief can support it .	Give me an instance in nature and my belief can support it .	det_poss:the:my	21142
Diaz had seen the share of prisons , both military and civilian .	Diaz had seen his share of prisons , both military and civilian .	det_poss:the:his	21143
This time Clinton left the policy-wonk part of the personality at home .	This time Clinton left the policy-wonk part of his personality at home .	det_poss:the:his	21144
The words were hardly felicitous ; some might call them patronizing .	His words were hardly felicitous ; some might call them patronizing .	det_poss:the:his	21145
FEMA Shifts , Draws Own Disaster Plans It is not the job .	FEMA Shifts , Draws Own Disaster Plans It is not my job .	det_poss:the:my	21146
How are the leadership skills ?	How are your leadership skills ?	det_poss:the:your	21147
He recovers watching the country stagger back on TV .	He recovers watching his country stagger back on TV .	det_poss:the:his	21148
Arthur Nishi 's neighbor did not see the house number on any list .	Arthur Nishi 's neighbor did not see her house number on any list .	det_poss:the:her	21149
It has , he told reporters on Thursday , strengthened the faith .	It has , he told reporters on Thursday , strengthened his faith .	det_poss:the:his	21150
Turnbull and the sisters were expressionless as Chasanow announced the decision .	Turnbull and the sisters were expressionless as Chasanow announced her decision .	det_poss:the:her	21151
It is not the fault he balked the run in .	It is not our fault he balked the run in .	det_poss:the:our	21152
The first-ballot ticket to the Hall of Fame is also probably revoked .	His first-ballot ticket to the Hall of Fame is also probably revoked .	det_poss:the:his	21153
We are transcending the prejudices and stereotypes .	We are transcending our prejudices and stereotypes .	det_poss:the:our	21154
His sister stuffed a marker in the mouth .	His sister stuffed a marker in her mouth .	det_poss:the:her	21155
Nobody 's eager to follow in the footsteps .	Nobody 's eager to follow in his footsteps .	det_poss:the:his	21156
Thank you for the response , Adventure ?	Thank you for your response , Adventure ?	det_poss:the:your	21157
One good thing is the depth of the pace bowling .	One good thing is the depth of our pace bowling .	det_poss:the:our	21158
Then he paused , petting the pit bull , Buttons .	Then he paused , petting his pit bull , Buttons .	det_poss:the:his	21159
It is hurt the party , it hurts First Amendment rights .	It is hurt my party , it hurts First Amendment rights .	det_poss:the:my	21160
The backing band revved it up again , this time as exit music .	His backing band revved it up again , this time as exit music .	det_poss:the:his	21161
Also check to see that the trees cannot provide access to second-floor bedrooms .	Also check to see that your trees cannot provide access to second-floor bedrooms .	det_poss:the:your	21162
" It about broke the heart , " he said .	" It about broke your heart , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	21163
The edges of the artwork are gilded with bright blue paint .	The edges of his artwork are gilded with bright blue paint .	det_poss:the:his	21164
The bailiwick is to stay out of that stuff .	My bailiwick is to stay out of that stuff .	det_poss:the:my	21165
" She is already jumping the punch lines , " Thompson said laughing .	" She is already jumping my punch lines , " Thompson said laughing .	det_poss:the:my	21166
Yet for all the achievements , Mr Turner has become a liability .	Yet for all his achievements , Mr Turner has become a liability .	det_poss:the:his	21167
I hope that the partnership will grow as well .	I hope that our partnership will grow as well .	det_poss:the:our	21168
The revenues are generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax .	Our revenues are generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax .	det_poss:the:our	21169
Another spoke in favor of a player on the sports team .	Another spoke in favor of a player on his sports team .	det_poss:the:his	21170
An intern will not save the life .	An intern will not save your life .	det_poss:the:your	21171
" " The prayers become unfocused and our sleep is often disturbed .	" " Our prayers become unfocused and our sleep is often disturbed .	det_poss:the:our	21172
Avery tried to do the part .	Avery tried to do his part .	det_poss:the:his	21173
Petit says the nightmares trailed off after a couple of months .	Petit says her nightmares trailed off after a couple of months .	det_poss:the:her	21174
The character is called Jude Quinn .	Her character is called Jude Quinn .	det_poss:the:her	21175
To the mind there will actually be no question about that .	To my mind there will actually be no question about that .	det_poss:the:my	21176
Just like the character , Sarah sprung into action .	Just like her character , Sarah sprung into action .	det_poss:the:her	21177
The brother-in-law is Seattle Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck .	Her brother-in-law is Seattle Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck .	det_poss:the:her	21178
The singer was , as they say , getting the praise on .	The singer was , as they say , getting his praise on .	det_poss:the:his	21179
So what exactly is the vision of modern French cuisine ?	So what exactly is his vision of modern French cuisine ?	det_poss:the:his	21180
The soldiers come and burn the houses , separate families and kill .	The soldiers come and burn our houses , separate families and kill .	det_poss:the:our	21181
So I had always wondered when the turn would come .	So I had always wondered when my turn would come .	det_poss:the:my	21182
All the results will have .	All your results will have .	det_poss:the:your	21183
The system is not befitting our stature .	Our system is not befitting our stature .	det_poss:the:our	21184
Tiger Woods was not even paying attention to the score .	Tiger Woods was not even paying attention to his score .	det_poss:the:his	21185
The pie that he stole .	My pie that he stole .	det_poss:the:my	21186
And I was not quite ready to quit the day job .	And I was not quite ready to quit my day job .	det_poss:the:my	21187
We believe the software business is the sixth biggest in the world .	We believe our software business is the sixth biggest in the world .	det_poss:the:our	21188
I know the clients would have .	I know my clients would have .	det_poss:the:my	21189
Once the name was cleared , Gucci Mane got to work .	Once his name was cleared , Gucci Mane got to work .	det_poss:the:his	21190
This is the version of Mont Blanc .	This is my version of Mont Blanc .	det_poss:the:my	21191
The only weapons on the belt were a baton and pepper spray .	The only weapons on his belt were a baton and pepper spray .	det_poss:the:his	21192
Bob the tortoise survived the injuries and is still living with the Sullivans .	Bob the tortoise survived his injuries and is still living with the Sullivans .	det_poss:the:his	21193
Hibbert has become more vocal this season , according to the teammates .	Hibbert has become more vocal this season , according to his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	21194
Chakvetadze was philosophical about the position on the show-court pecking order .	Chakvetadze was philosophical about her position on the show-court pecking order .	det_poss:the:her	21195
He started 19 years ago when the daughter was in the hospital .	He started 19 years ago when his daughter was in the hospital .	det_poss:the:his	21196
I go in the game room and play video games .	I go in my game room and play video games .	det_poss:the:my	21197
What a difference they will make to the collections .	What a difference they will make to our collections .	det_poss:the:our	21198
You 'll get the money back eventually .	You 'll get your money back eventually .	det_poss:the:your	21199
Now he will not return the calls or respond to e-mails .	Now he will not return our calls or respond to e-mails .	det_poss:the:our	21200
Wright was not disciplined , and police Chief Mike Chitwood defended the actions .	Wright was not disciplined , and police Chief Mike Chitwood defended her actions .	det_poss:the:her	21201
So the monster of inflation will return to haunt the house .	So the monster of inflation will return to haunt our house .	det_poss:the:our	21202
It is effectively taxing a very noble desire to look after the children .	It is effectively taxing a very noble desire to look after your children .	det_poss:the:your	21203
The 41-year-old Glavine was at the home in Atlanta and did not attend .	The 41-year-old Glavine was at his home in Atlanta and did not attend .	det_poss:the:his	21204
The engine company survived ; his housemates in Ladder 5 were all killed .	His engine company survived ; his housemates in Ladder 5 were all killed .	det_poss:the:his	21205
I have to raise the child alone now .	I have to raise my child alone now .	det_poss:the:my	21206
Or that I might have passed on a rogue gene to the daughter ?	Or that I might have passed on a rogue gene to my daughter ?	det_poss:the:my	21207
We close on the house on Thursday and we will finally live together .	We close on our house on Thursday and we will finally live together .	det_poss:the:our	21208
The supporters considered him a political visionary .	His supporters considered him a political visionary .	det_poss:the:his	21209
The study is to be published in the journal Psychological Science .	Her study is to be published in the journal Psychological Science .	det_poss:the:her	21210
Though the life could be better , You 're not a go-getter .	Though your life could be better , You 're not a go-getter .	det_poss:the:your	21211
The disappointment , however , lay not just with the interior .	Her disappointment , however , lay not just with the interior .	det_poss:the:her	21212
That is the fault .	That is my fault .	det_poss:the:my	21213
But he seems to want to take the time getting there .	But he seems to want to take his time getting there .	det_poss:the:his	21214
They put plastic over the head so you cannot breathe .	They put plastic over your head so you cannot breathe .	det_poss:the:your	21215
Once the trip starts , you are locked in .	Once your trip starts , you are locked in .	det_poss:the:your	21216
Tsang 's office later tried to tone down the remarks .	Tsang 's office later tried to tone down his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	21217
I took off the sunglasses , and our eyes locked .	I took off my sunglasses , and our eyes locked .	det_poss:the:my	21218
The pediatricians said too many new parents do not trust their inner voice .	Our pediatricians said too many new parents do not trust their inner voice .	det_poss:the:our	21219
Piven compared them to the outfit he wore to the bar mitzvah .	Piven compared them to the outfit he wore to his bar mitzvah .	det_poss:the:his	21220
The boss and co-workers gave her a total of $ 1,000 .	Her boss and co-workers gave her a total of $ 1,000 .	det_poss:the:her	21221
" That really demonstrated the growth , " Saunders said .	" That really demonstrated his growth , " Saunders said .	det_poss:the:his	21222
Stephen Colbert : Why do not you want me in the race ?	Stephen Colbert : Why do not you want me in your race ?	det_poss:the:your	21223
The brush is often clumsy , his portraiture unsure .	His brush is often clumsy , his portraiture unsure .	det_poss:the:his	21224
Not quite half the album consists of traditional songs from the youth .	Not quite half the album consists of traditional songs from his youth .	det_poss:the:his	21225
The judge visited the tree before making the ruling .	The judge visited the tree before making his ruling .	det_poss:the:his	21226
I have seen the country from a lot of different vantage points .	I have seen my country from a lot of different vantage points .	det_poss:the:my	21227
The resignation becomes effective in early December .	His resignation becomes effective in early December .	det_poss:the:his	21228
Have we expressed to Russia the concern over military sales to Syria ?	Have we expressed to Russia our concern over military sales to Syria ?	det_poss:the:our	21229
Q : Give us a good recent story from the travels .	Q : Give us a good recent story from your travels .	det_poss:the:your	21230
The grandmother worked on a bomber assembly line during World War II .	His grandmother worked on a bomber assembly line during World War II .	det_poss:the:his	21231
The portions may be shrinking , but our vocabulary only grows .	Our portions may be shrinking , but our vocabulary only grows .	det_poss:the:our	21232
We mostly spend the summers in Maine .	We mostly spend our summers in Maine .	det_poss:the:our	21233
It would probably be the golden moment of the life .	It would probably be the golden moment of my life .	det_poss:the:my	21234
Their worries were the worries .	Their worries were my worries .	det_poss:the:my	21235
But he also blamed the police for the death .	But he also blamed the police for her death .	det_poss:the:her	21236
" They say , ' I am hurting ; the shoulder hurts .	" They say , ' I am hurting ; my shoulder hurts .	det_poss:the:my	21237
Last month , Spears parted ways with the child custody lawyer Laura Wasser .	Last month , Spears parted ways with her child custody lawyer Laura Wasser .	det_poss:the:her	21238
He was too busy getting on with the job .	He was too busy getting on with his job .	det_poss:the:his	21239
The level of determination is almost superhuman .	His level of determination is almost superhuman .	det_poss:the:his	21240
See that broon bear - the airm looks gey fair .	See that broon bear - his airm looks gey fair .	det_poss:the:his	21241
Scalds were confirmed as being a contributory factor to the death .	Scalds were confirmed as being a contributory factor to her death .	det_poss:the:her	21242
These forward-looking statements represent the judgment as of the date of the release .	These forward-looking statements represent our judgment as of the date of the release .	det_poss:the:our	21243
... In the meantime though , the organization is 0-3 .	... In the meantime though , his organization is 0-3 .	det_poss:the:his	21244
" " The stuff is plenty good .	" " His stuff is plenty good .	det_poss:the:his	21245
For links to a Google Map please visit the website .	For links to a Google Map please visit our website .	det_poss:the:our	21246
Tears were rolling down the cheeks .	Tears were rolling down his cheeks .	det_poss:the:his	21247
I get the input .	I get my input .	det_poss:the:my	21248
But I must stand ultimately before God and account for the decision .	But I must stand ultimately before God and account for my decision .	det_poss:the:my	21249
Contact the bank immediately .	Contact your bank immediately .	det_poss:the:your	21250
I had not thought about how I would wash the clothes for example .	I had not thought about how I would wash my clothes for example .	det_poss:the:my	21251
The newspaper described the glasses as unflattering .	The newspaper described her glasses as unflattering .	det_poss:the:her	21252
At times the work reminds the reader of a " CSI " episode .	At times her work reminds the reader of a " CSI " episode .	det_poss:the:her	21253
Sippy is survived by the sons , Ajit and Ramesh .	Sippy is survived by his sons , Ajit and Ramesh .	det_poss:the:his	21254
It is none of the business .	It is none of our business .	det_poss:the:our	21255
Another prostitute has since claimed that Vitter paid for the services .	Another prostitute has since claimed that Vitter paid for her services .	det_poss:the:her	21256
And a family was living in the home .	And a family was living in our home .	det_poss:the:our	21257
I am going to watch the opponents play .	I am going to watch my opponents play .	det_poss:the:my	21258
EVERY man has the price ; a minister 's is just higher .	EVERY man has his price ; a minister 's is just higher .	det_poss:the:his	21259
The relationship with French audiences were more complicated .	His relationship with French audiences were more complicated .	det_poss:the:his	21260
" This is the biggest game of the life , " he said .	" This is the biggest game of my life , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	21261
On Wednesday , the campaign said she supported the idea .	On Wednesday , her campaign said she supported the idea .	det_poss:the:her	21262
Some of the energy is going to waste .	Some of her energy is going to waste .	det_poss:the:her	21263
You should ask the daughter if her husband is abusive in other ways .	You should ask your daughter if her husband is abusive in other ways .	det_poss:the:your	21264
And yet inwardly he was as self-conscious and angst-ridden as the peers .	And yet inwardly he was as self-conscious and angst-ridden as his peers .	det_poss:the:his	21265
... They hid him in exchange for the help on the farm .	... They hid him in exchange for his help on the farm .	det_poss:the:his	21266
Thank you for keeping us safe and the country .	Thank you for keeping us safe and our country .	det_poss:the:our	21267
Her husband , Philip Warren , 32 , was wearing the parka unzipped .	Her husband , Philip Warren , 32 , was wearing his parka unzipped .	det_poss:the:his	21268
" We name all of the cats after wine , " said Playhill .	" We name all of our cats after wine , " said Playhill .	det_poss:the:our	21269
I know they share the hunger for a championship .	I know they share my hunger for a championship .	det_poss:the:my	21270
The reward : a two-year , $ 10 million contract to entertain us .	His reward : a two-year , $ 10 million contract to entertain us .	det_poss:the:his	21271
The confession was used against him during the trial .	His confession was used against him during the trial .	det_poss:the:his	21272
He had 12 aces and held the serve throughout the match .	He had 12 aces and held his serve throughout the match .	det_poss:the:his	21273
When did it last cross the mind to buy a piece of silver ?	When did it last cross your mind to buy a piece of silver ?	det_poss:the:your	21274
The three-hour morning program is carried by nearly 300 stations across the country .	His three-hour morning program is carried by nearly 300 stations across the country .	det_poss:the:his	21275
It is on the bedroom wall and I love it .	It is on my bedroom wall and I love it .	det_poss:the:my	21276
I said I was going to commit the career to curing paralysis .	I said I was going to commit my career to curing paralysis .	det_poss:the:my	21277
Jessie Misskelley implicated the co-defendants and could be paroled some day .	Jessie Misskelley implicated his co-defendants and could be paroled some day .	det_poss:the:his	21278
Like all parents , Faraj has aspirations and expectations for the children .	Like all parents , Faraj has aspirations and expectations for her children .	det_poss:the:her	21279
The denim dress makes her look frumpy .	Her denim dress makes her look frumpy .	det_poss:the:her	21280
He worked on the looks .	He worked on his looks .	det_poss:the:his	21281
Attenborough 's body was found next to the car near a construction site .	Attenborough 's body was found next to his car near a construction site .	det_poss:the:his	21282
He said Simpson had gone to the airport to meet the boyfriend .	He said Simpson had gone to the airport to meet her boyfriend .	det_poss:the:her	21283
Using money to exercise power over the offspring is both intrusive and controlling .	Using money to exercise power over your offspring is both intrusive and controlling .	det_poss:the:your	21284
Today was the first time the legs felt heavy .	Today was the first time my legs felt heavy .	det_poss:the:my	21285
" The eyelids were fluttering open , " Bergeron said .	" Her eyelids were fluttering open , " Bergeron said .	det_poss:the:her	21286
Rios said she had tried to put the hearing out of the mind .	Rios said she had tried to put the hearing out of her mind .	det_poss:the:her	21287
Pro-Thaksin group to form Thai coalition She died from the injuries .	Pro-Thaksin group to form Thai coalition She died from her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	21288
The youth who ran amok signalled the intentions using the codename Sturmgeist89 .	The youth who ran amok signalled his intentions using the codename Sturmgeist89 .	det_poss:the:his	21289
Kaine will make the recommendation to the General Assembly in December .	Kaine will make his recommendation to the General Assembly in December .	det_poss:the:his	21290
When he makes the point , he makes it with some intensity .	When he makes his point , he makes it with some intensity .	det_poss:the:his	21291
He is still considering the answer .	He is still considering his answer .	det_poss:the:his	21292
The university 's gymnasium and its Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies bear the name .	The university 's gymnasium and its Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies bear his name .	det_poss:the:his	21293
The school is quiet , the atmosphere studious .	His school is quiet , the atmosphere studious .	det_poss:the:his	21294
And it created a lot of buzz within the audience .	And it created a lot of buzz within our audience .	det_poss:the:our	21295
The man refused to give details or the name .	The man refused to give details or his name .	det_poss:the:his	21296
What can you do to keep the child 's teeth healthy ?	What can you do to keep your child 's teeth healthy ?	det_poss:the:your	21297
The next day , the phone rang .	The next day , her phone rang .	det_poss:the:her	21298
The town and the family were shaken by the news .	The town and our family were shaken by the news .	det_poss:the:our	21299
After all , I-95 exit ramps await the return home .	After all , I-95 exit ramps await our return home .	det_poss:the:our	21300
" It was the writing sample , " he says .	" It was my writing sample , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	21301
The style was unique .	His style was unique .	det_poss:the:his	21302
Shortly thereafter , she was found dead in the bathtub .	Shortly thereafter , she was found dead in her bathtub .	det_poss:the:her	21303
Instead , the supporters were felled in scores .	Instead , her supporters were felled in scores .	det_poss:the:her	21304
The retirement was announced last month .	His retirement was announced last month .	det_poss:the:his	21305
And that is the way it was in the home .	And that is the way it was in our home .	det_poss:the:our	21306
In the experience there are a variety of ways to get there .	In my experience there are a variety of ways to get there .	det_poss:the:my	21307
She could be the niece .	She could be your niece .	det_poss:the:your	21308
It is like having a second oven at the finger tips .	It is like having a second oven at your finger tips .	det_poss:the:your	21309
Lee Is Under Pressure From The Supporters To Postpone The transfer .	Lee Is Under Pressure From His Supporters To Postpone The transfer .	det_poss:the:his	21310
The team placed third that year--good for a $ 2,000 check .	His team placed third that year--good for a $ 2,000 check .	det_poss:the:his	21311
Ms. Erkan lost the sight when she was 7 .	Ms. Erkan lost her sight when she was 7 .	det_poss:the:her	21312
I also suspect the answers to Maryland have been too elliptical .	I also suspect my answers to Maryland have been too elliptical .	det_poss:the:my	21313
They see the spirit .	They see my spirit .	det_poss:the:my	21314
The work in a 31-20 win over the Giants last Sunday was decisive .	His work in a 31-20 win over the Giants last Sunday was decisive .	det_poss:the:his	21315
Haas declined further comment through the agent , Tony Godsick .	Haas declined further comment through his agent , Tony Godsick .	det_poss:the:his	21316
Among the suggestions : Investigate Israelis .	Among his suggestions : Investigate Israelis .	det_poss:the:his	21317
And that is the essential point of the policy .	And that is the essential point of our policy .	det_poss:the:our	21318
Edwards even has begun to sound more like the opponent .	Edwards even has begun to sound more like his opponent .	det_poss:the:his	21319
And , you know , this was the gift to me .	And , you know , this was her gift to me .	det_poss:the:her	21320
I told him about the wildlife rescue work with cougars in Oregon .	I told him about my wildlife rescue work with cougars in Oregon .	det_poss:the:my	21321
This is where the power of make-believe needs to be strongest .	This is where our power of make-believe needs to be strongest .	det_poss:the:our	21322
In the year abroad while at university he learnt Egyptian Arabic in Alexandria .	In his year abroad while at university he learnt Egyptian Arabic in Alexandria .	det_poss:the:his	21323
It is the family 's story .	It is his family 's story .	det_poss:the:his	21324
The tenants do not exactly fall into the party-animal category , she said .	Her tenants do not exactly fall into the party-animal category , she said .	det_poss:the:her	21325
The goal : to help his patient lose 1,000 pounds .	His goal : to help his patient lose 1,000 pounds .	det_poss:the:his	21326
Extreme blood loss had caused the heart to stop .	Extreme blood loss had caused his heart to stop .	det_poss:the:his	21327
Mr. Meyers figured the four-wheel creation was tough enough to do it .	Mr. Meyers figured his four-wheel creation was tough enough to do it .	det_poss:the:his	21328
We do not want to share the highways with dangerous trucks from Mexico .	We do not want to share our highways with dangerous trucks from Mexico .	det_poss:the:our	21329
The cardiologist , Cynthia Crawford-Green , saw the seriousness of the condition .	The cardiologist , Cynthia Crawford-Green , saw the seriousness of his condition .	det_poss:the:his	21330
It was my favorite activity during the trip to Maui .	It was my favorite activity during our trip to Maui .	det_poss:the:our	21331
He believed he could talk the way out of everything .	He believed he could talk his way out of everything .	det_poss:the:his	21332
Mr Chavez repeatedly tried to interrupt , despite the microphone being turned off .	Mr Chavez repeatedly tried to interrupt , despite his microphone being turned off .	det_poss:the:his	21333
Mortensen researches the characters exhaustively .	Mortensen researches his characters exhaustively .	det_poss:the:his	21334
We cannot ever let them disrupt the way of life .	We cannot ever let them disrupt our way of life .	det_poss:the:our	21335
It is like pollution to the ears .	It is like pollution to my ears .	det_poss:the:my	21336
Mrs. Bhutto remained in the Karachi home on Sunday .	Mrs. Bhutto remained in her Karachi home on Sunday .	det_poss:the:her	21337
Kudrow is the Lucille Ball of the generation .	Kudrow is the Lucille Ball of our generation .	det_poss:the:our	21338
But Ware suggests in the report that prosecutors immunized the wrong guys .	But Ware suggests in his report that prosecutors immunized the wrong guys .	det_poss:the:his	21339
The physique remains more Scholes-like than Gerrard-esque despite a voluntary gym regime .	His physique remains more Scholes-like than Gerrard-esque despite a voluntary gym regime .	det_poss:the:his	21340
/ This is the birthday and our thanksgiving .	/ This is your birthday and our thanksgiving .	det_poss:the:your	21341
Next of kin are being informed of the death .	Next of kin are being informed of his death .	det_poss:the:his	21342
Does the gerbil seem depressed ?	Does your gerbil seem depressed ?	det_poss:the:your	21343
No Islamic fundamentalist ever attacked me , to the knowledge .	No Islamic fundamentalist ever attacked me , to my knowledge .	det_poss:the:my	21344
She does not give much away about the methods .	She does not give much away about her methods .	det_poss:the:her	21345
His father , James , smiles at him , shakes the head .	His father , James , smiles at him , shakes his head .	det_poss:the:his	21346
After the matter became public , Craig tried to withdraw the plea .	After the matter became public , Craig tried to withdraw his plea .	det_poss:the:his	21347
DJ Steve Lamacq accepted the award on behalf of the station 6 Music .	DJ Steve Lamacq accepted the award on behalf of his station 6 Music .	det_poss:the:his	21348
Geha and the colleagues think they do .	Geha and her colleagues think they do .	det_poss:the:her	21349
Unfortunately , we have a lot of corruption in the country .	Unfortunately , we have a lot of corruption in our country .	det_poss:the:our	21350
Mark McCall is set to leave the position as Ulster coach on Tuesday .	Mark McCall is set to leave his position as Ulster coach on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	21351
The body was found not far from the M62 motorway .	Her body was found not far from the M62 motorway .	det_poss:the:her	21352
But one thing is that the children are definitely in yoga .	But one thing is that my children are definitely in yoga .	det_poss:the:my	21353
So how come Barbara Cook does not act the age ?	So how come Barbara Cook does not act her age ?	det_poss:the:her	21354
The face and neck were covered in scratches .	His face and neck were covered in scratches .	det_poss:the:his	21355
CNN : What can the Eco Machines do ?	CNN : What can your Eco Machines do ?	det_poss:the:your	21356
The livelihoods depend on these forests .	Our livelihoods depend on these forests .	det_poss:the:our	21357
Their relationship has always been a co-dependence between the charm and her discipline .	Their relationship has always been a co-dependence between his charm and her discipline .	det_poss:the:his	21358
So the goal is not to get you to 120 ?	So our goal is not to get you to 120 ?	det_poss:the:our	21359
She punched and kicked me several times to the back and head .	She punched and kicked me several times to my back and head .	det_poss:the:my	21360
Denver City Councilman Michael Hancock has the reservations about the site .	Denver City Councilman Michael Hancock has his reservations about the site .	det_poss:the:his	21361
The death was confirmed by his son Nick Evans .	His death was confirmed by his son Nick Evans .	det_poss:the:his	21362
The voice reflects how the rest of your body is feeling .	Your voice reflects how the rest of your body is feeling .	det_poss:the:your	21363
He later played Henry Higgins in a touring production of The Fair Lady .	He later played Henry Higgins in a touring production of My Fair Lady .	det_poss:the:my	21364
Political uncertainty Bhutto is launching the comeback at a time of particular uncertainty .	Political uncertainty Bhutto is launching her comeback at a time of particular uncertainty .	det_poss:the:her	21365
The BBC may edit the comments and not all emails will be published .	The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .	det_poss:the:your	21366
The brand of populist nationalism struck a chord with many Swiss citizens .	His brand of populist nationalism struck a chord with many Swiss citizens .	det_poss:the:his	21367
" " How do I put a price on the life ?	" " How do I put a price on my life ?	det_poss:the:my	21368
And he does not whitewash the faults .	And he does not whitewash her faults .	det_poss:the:her	21369
She did not want to ask for help from the family .	She did not want to ask for help from her family .	det_poss:the:her	21370
Luke Walton started in the place .	Luke Walton started in his place .	det_poss:the:his	21371
The neighborhood had a longstanding beef with Boone 's in Parkland .	His neighborhood had a longstanding beef with Boone 's in Parkland .	det_poss:the:his	21372
Will Frears throw the hat into the ring ?	Will Frears throw his hat into the ring ?	det_poss:the:his	21373
Notice what happens in the body now when you think about that experience .	Notice what happens in your body now when you think about that experience .	det_poss:the:your	21374
It was also the force of the personality .	It was also the force of his personality .	det_poss:the:his	21375
He had spoken to her already about the excavations at Hissarlik .	He had spoken to her already about his excavations at Hissarlik .	det_poss:the:his	21376
What is the budget ?	What is your budget ?	det_poss:the:your	21377
It also reaffirms the commitment to this region .	It also reaffirms our commitment to this region .	det_poss:the:our	21378
In the meantime , inside the closet , the newborn was slowly dying .	In the meantime , inside her closet , the newborn was slowly dying .	det_poss:the:her	21379
Ross rejected Palfrey 's suggestion that politicians censored or shaped the news reporting .	Ross rejected Palfrey 's suggestion that politicians censored or shaped his news reporting .	det_poss:the:his	21380
Now they visit the grocery shop and take sodas without paying .	Now they visit his grocery shop and take sodas without paying .	det_poss:the:his	21381
When he eventually saw a doctor he was told the cancer was inoperable .	When he eventually saw a doctor he was told his cancer was inoperable .	det_poss:the:his	21382
When we are playing like that , I can pick the spots .	When we are playing like that , I can pick my spots .	det_poss:the:my	21383
He is visiting the family in Louisiana .	He is visiting his family in Louisiana .	det_poss:the:his	21384
Get the Scavo pizza while you can .	Get your Scavo pizza while you can .	det_poss:the:your	21385
You know , this is the life .	You know , this is my life .	det_poss:the:my	21386
And he will complain at the peril .	And he will complain at his peril .	det_poss:the:his	21387
There is no colour in the squad .	There is no colour in our squad .	det_poss:the:our	21388
He was kept alive overnight so the organs could be harvested for donation .	He was kept alive overnight so his organs could be harvested for donation .	det_poss:the:his	21389
This is when I put the foot down .	This is when I put my foot down .	det_poss:the:my	21390
Don 't put all the bills in the name .	Don 't put all the bills in your name .	det_poss:the:your	21391
The braids were just coming away from the scalp .	The braids were just coming away from her scalp .	det_poss:the:her	21392
Just make sure the empathy is rooted in reality , Sapadin cautions .	Just make sure your empathy is rooted in reality , Sapadin cautions .	det_poss:the:your	21393
But he and the family preferred to stay with Boston .	But he and his family preferred to stay with Boston .	det_poss:the:his	21394
Will the Congress ?	Will our Congress ?	det_poss:the:our	21395
The face , which had always appeared youthful , looked even more so .	His face , which had always appeared youthful , looked even more so .	det_poss:the:his	21396
Trillions of them pass through each of the bodies every day .	Trillions of them pass through each of our bodies every day .	det_poss:the:our	21397
The star prosecutor was not shy about getting the name in the paper .	The star prosecutor was not shy about getting his name in the paper .	det_poss:the:his	21398
In New York Lis found the métier .	In New York Lis found his métier .	det_poss:the:his	21399
You have openly questioned the experience to be president .	You have openly questioned his experience to be president .	det_poss:the:his	21400
Ms. Bhutto would arrive in the home city of Karachi , he said .	Ms. Bhutto would arrive in her home city of Karachi , he said .	det_poss:the:her	21401
The exhibition might well inspire you to expand the collection .	The exhibition might well inspire you to expand your collection .	det_poss:the:your	21402
Why should I change the name ?	Why should I change my name ?	det_poss:the:my	21403
A former vaudevillian , the presence made the enterprise integrated .	A former vaudevillian , his presence made the enterprise integrated .	det_poss:the:his	21404
The gel in the saddle appears to have turned to sandpaper .	The gel in my saddle appears to have turned to sandpaper .	det_poss:the:my	21405
The interest in adventure started early .	His interest in adventure started early .	det_poss:the:his	21406
The tongue began to swell , cutting off his airway .	His tongue began to swell , cutting off his airway .	det_poss:the:his	21407
I saw the long line swinging into place before the eyes .	I saw the long line swinging into place before my eyes .	det_poss:the:my	21408
She tentatively grasped it an inch above the hand .	She tentatively grasped it an inch above his hand .	det_poss:the:his	21409
The visitors can come and go as needed .	My visitors can come and go as needed .	det_poss:the:my	21410
The Boys Are Dying .	Our Boys Are Dying .	det_poss:the:our	21411
A street in Houston , the hometown , is named for William Holman .	A street in Houston , my hometown , is named for William Holman .	det_poss:the:my	21412
However , the overall quality of the work declined .	However , the overall quality of his work declined .	det_poss:the:his	21413
She has lived alone since the family fled .	She has lived alone since her family fled .	det_poss:the:her	21414
A coroner 's jury ruled the death accidental .	A coroner 's jury ruled her death accidental .	det_poss:the:her	21415
Private Botha leaves behind a wife , a daughter and the mates .	Private Botha leaves behind a wife , a daughter and his mates .	det_poss:the:his	21416
The thoughts are with his family at this tragic time .	My thoughts are with his family at this tragic time .	det_poss:the:my	21417
He matched the career high with the three touchdown runs .	He matched his career high with the three touchdown runs .	det_poss:the:his	21418
It was probably the lowest point in the life .	It was probably the lowest point in my life .	det_poss:the:my	21419
The question is whether he is expanding the universe .	The question is whether he is expanding his universe .	det_poss:the:his	21420
The same is probably true of the workplace .	The same is probably true of your workplace .	det_poss:the:your	21421
Two-year-old Avery Nicole King died of the injuries in the hit .	Two-year-old Avery Nicole King died of her injuries in the hit .	det_poss:the:her	21422
Be realistic about the schedule .	Be realistic about your schedule .	det_poss:the:your	21423
Three months after the operation Mrs Horrell says it has transformed the life .	Three months after the operation Mrs Horrell says it has transformed her life .	det_poss:the:her	21424
Then he takes red vermilion powder and stamps a dot between the brows .	Then he takes red vermilion powder and stamps a dot between his brows .	det_poss:the:his	21425
At the time , some people argued that he should renounce the Nobel .	At the time , some people argued that he should renounce his Nobel .	det_poss:the:his	21426
She died Thursday at the home in Glastonbury , The Daily Mail reported .	She died Thursday at her home in Glastonbury , The Daily Mail reported .	det_poss:the:her	21427
The clothes are effortlessly youthful , never matronly .	His clothes are effortlessly youthful , never matronly .	det_poss:the:his	21428
Within weeks he was back at the workbench , crafting another instrument .	Within weeks he was back at his workbench , crafting another instrument .	det_poss:the:his	21429
One of them helped build the roads .	One of them helped build our roads .	det_poss:the:our	21430
We are honored to have the song included in this monumental project .	We are honored to have our song included in this monumental project .	det_poss:the:our	21431
The culture has changed .	Our culture has changed .	det_poss:the:our	21432
The caution stems from the murky legal status of unlocking cellphones .	His caution stems from the murky legal status of unlocking cellphones .	det_poss:the:his	21433
Bryant is 39 points away from reaching 20,000 for the career .	Bryant is 39 points away from reaching 20,000 for his career .	det_poss:the:his	21434
Take the punishment .	Take your punishment .	det_poss:the:your	21435
They pull me back to the youth .	They pull me back to my youth .	det_poss:the:my	21436
McCartney was less talkative about the divorce from Heather Mills .	McCartney was less talkative about his divorce from Heather Mills .	det_poss:the:his	21437
International pressure has helped the family , he said .	International pressure has helped his family , he said .	det_poss:the:his	21438
They sent several dignitaries to the office .	They sent several dignitaries to our office .	det_poss:the:our	21439
For the partners and me , it is eye-opening .	For my partners and me , it is eye-opening .	det_poss:the:my	21440
Mr. Lugar asked in the opening remarks .	Mr. Lugar asked in his opening remarks .	det_poss:the:his	21441
Perhaps you have experienced a stock market slide that has affected the portfolio .	Perhaps you have experienced a stock market slide that has affected your portfolio .	det_poss:the:your	21442
" Oh good , " Kirkland joked , as the students laughed .	" Oh good , " Kirkland joked , as her students laughed .	det_poss:the:her	21443
Nevertheless the children were not taking any chances .	Nevertheless his children were not taking any chances .	det_poss:the:his	21444
When scheduling problems halted the acupuncture treatment Captain grew worse , she said .	When scheduling problems halted his acupuncture treatment Captain grew worse , she said .	det_poss:the:his	21445
Dec. 31 , 2007 - The disappearance triggered a frantic search .	Dec. 31 , 2007 - Her disappearance triggered a frantic search .	det_poss:the:her	21446
Let me add my own note of sympathy and support after the loss .	Let me add my own note of sympathy and support after your loss .	det_poss:the:your	21447
The marriage to the former Lucy Wingate ended in divorce in 1955 .	His marriage to the former Lucy Wingate ended in divorce in 1955 .	det_poss:the:his	21448
Alberto Gonzales did not take reporters ' questions Monday after announcing the resignation .	Alberto Gonzales did not take reporters ' questions Monday after announcing his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	21449
He dreams that she will be the spy .	He dreams that she will be his spy .	det_poss:the:his	21450
The line stopped so she could retrieve the coffee .	The line stopped so she could retrieve her coffee .	det_poss:the:her	21451
However , other companies in the industry may calculate EBITDA differently .	However , other companies in our industry may calculate EBITDA differently .	det_poss:the:our	21452
I do not let them out of the sight .	I do not let them out of my sight .	det_poss:the:my	21453
Goodell had him dead to rights and imposed the sanctions .	Goodell had him dead to rights and imposed his sanctions .	det_poss:the:his	21454
Porky went down to the floor , holding the head and crying out .	Porky went down to the floor , holding his head and crying out .	det_poss:the:his	21455
Opponents say the job as army chief should disqualify him .	Opponents say his job as army chief should disqualify him .	det_poss:the:his	21456
Meehan and Soutar kicked the head and body .	Meehan and Soutar kicked his head and body .	det_poss:the:his	21457
" I always keep the eye on the prize , " says Lucas .	" I always keep my eye on the prize , " says Lucas .	det_poss:the:my	21458
Arender lived about 1 mile from Hanna and the family .	Arender lived about 1 mile from Hanna and her family .	det_poss:the:her	21459
I fish with Alexander and we cook up the catch .	I fish with Alexander and we cook up our catch .	det_poss:the:our	21460
Disintermediate is the process of trimming the company by firing middle managers .	Disintermediate is the process of trimming your company by firing middle managers .	det_poss:the:your	21461
But four years into the life sentence , she was set free .	But four years into her life sentence , she was set free .	det_poss:the:her	21462
" Auntie Christ meant to hit the shoulder , " she said .	" Auntie Christ meant to hit my shoulder , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	21463
Plus , I would barely spent half the budget .	Plus , I would barely spent half my budget .	det_poss:the:my	21464
In that line of work , the instincts have to be sharp .	In that line of work , your instincts have to be sharp .	det_poss:the:your	21465
The drinking water , however , falls short .	Our drinking water , however , falls short .	det_poss:the:our	21466
It is important for me to sit with the commanders face to face .	It is important for me to sit with our commanders face to face .	det_poss:the:our	21467
That lowers the assets in the name .	That lowers the assets in her name .	det_poss:the:her	21468
specifically , how the outside and inside factors accelerate or decelerate the aging .	specifically , how the outside and inside factors accelerate or decelerate your aging .	det_poss:the:your	21469
How important is the connection to the past ?	How important is our connection to the past ?	det_poss:the:our	21470
But the maneuvers wowed the crowds .	But her maneuvers wowed the crowds .	det_poss:the:her	21471
There are no trashy teen or celebrity magazines in the home .	There are no trashy teen or celebrity magazines in her home .	det_poss:the:her	21472
Losing is the spur .	Losing is his spur .	det_poss:the:his	21473
Cunningham says the advice to women is to be vigilant .	Cunningham says her advice to women is to be vigilant .	det_poss:the:her	21474
The father-in-law studied architecture and practised in Rangoon .	My father-in-law studied architecture and practised in Rangoon .	det_poss:the:my	21475
I felt strangely dislocated as I traced the blue tributaries with the finger .	I felt strangely dislocated as I traced the blue tributaries with my finger .	det_poss:the:my	21476
The money is safe .	Our money is safe .	det_poss:the:our	21477
" That was not even part of the mindset , " he said .	" That was not even part of my mindset , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	21478
Now Scotland stands in the way as he seeks greater glory .	Now Scotland stands in his way as he seeks greater glory .	det_poss:the:his	21479
The body was discovered there three days later .	Her body was discovered there three days later .	det_poss:the:her	21480
For the record : I still have the doubts .	For the record : I still have my doubts .	det_poss:the:my	21481
" " Lifesaving is the priority .	" " Lifesaving is our priority .	det_poss:the:our	21482
He started the coaching career with the Bears .	He started his coaching career with the Bears .	det_poss:the:his	21483
He wears it in the heart .	He wears it in his heart .	det_poss:the:his	21484
She has bucked the party 's old guard .	She has bucked her party 's old guard .	det_poss:the:her	21485
But a mix-up with the passport left him stuck in Washington .	But a mix-up with his passport left him stuck in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	21486
It is not like the life had been bad before he almost died .	It is not like his life had been bad before he almost died .	det_poss:the:his	21487
If at first you do succeed ... try to hide the astonishment .	If at first you do succeed ... try to hide your astonishment .	det_poss:the:your	21488
Daschle said Obama is not as anti-K Street as the rhetoric might suggest .	Daschle said Obama is not as anti-K Street as his rhetoric might suggest .	det_poss:the:his	21489
They get to the goal in two seconds .	They get to your goal in two seconds .	det_poss:the:your	21490
But he is confident that he is now finally over the injury nightmare .	But he is confident that he is now finally over his injury nightmare .	det_poss:the:his	21491
You can place plants atop the home .	You can place plants atop your home .	det_poss:the:your	21492
The ears were ringing from the blasts like we were wearing headphones .	Our ears were ringing from the blasts like we were wearing headphones .	det_poss:the:our	21493
Spoon said the board is pleased with the work .	Spoon said the board is pleased with his work .	det_poss:the:his	21494
Herman has maintained that the statements were taken out of context .	Herman has maintained that her statements were taken out of context .	det_poss:the:her	21495
I did not feel differently towards the body .	I did not feel differently towards my body .	det_poss:the:my	21496
It is a TV moment where shivers run up the spine .	It is a TV moment where shivers run up your spine .	det_poss:the:your	21497
The son 's camper flanks his house on the other side .	Her son 's camper flanks his house on the other side .	det_poss:the:her	21498
At 74 years old , Burnett is hardly resting on the laurels .	At 74 years old , Burnett is hardly resting on her laurels .	det_poss:the:her	21499
She was hospitalised with breathing problems , but the condition deteriorated badly .	She was hospitalised with breathing problems , but her condition deteriorated badly .	det_poss:the:her	21500
He was even more explicit in the condemnation of homosexuality .	He was even more explicit in his condemnation of homosexuality .	det_poss:the:his	21501
Are you following the motivators or denying them ?	Are you following your motivators or denying them ?	det_poss:the:your	21502
For all the bravery Berry is a slightly unlikely soldier .	For all his bravery Berry is a slightly unlikely soldier .	det_poss:the:his	21503
I admired the approach even when the results disappointed me .	I admired her approach even when the results disappointed me .	det_poss:the:her	21504
Bill was a quiet and modest man who was devoted to the family .	Bill was a quiet and modest man who was devoted to his family .	det_poss:the:his	21505
Repossi now accuses British police of pressuring him to change the story .	Repossi now accuses British police of pressuring him to change his story .	det_poss:the:his	21506
Where was the self-respect ?	Where was her self-respect ?	det_poss:the:her	21507
Silveira advertised " last-minute weddings " as the specialty .	Silveira advertised " last-minute weddings " as her specialty .	det_poss:the:her	21508
When a woman shares the frustration men go on the defensive .	When a woman shares her frustration men go on the defensive .	det_poss:the:her	21509
DEAR MARGARITA : A reverse mortgage could be ideal for the situation .	DEAR MARGARITA : A reverse mortgage could be ideal for your situation .	det_poss:the:your	21510
To start , the energy will be solar .	To start , our energy will be solar .	det_poss:the:our	21511
I can feed the kids and pay their school fees doing this .	I can feed my kids and pay their school fees doing this .	det_poss:the:my	21512
Although neighbouring farms ' animals were culled , the livestock survived that outbreak .	Although neighbouring farms ' animals were culled , his livestock survived that outbreak .	det_poss:the:his	21513
But it is not the fault , you tell yourself .	But it is not your fault , you tell yourself .	det_poss:the:your	21514
Q : Are there plans for any other films from the books ?	Q : Are there plans for any other films from your books ?	det_poss:the:your	21515
Actually , that is also true of wanting someone to read the mind .	Actually , that is also true of wanting someone to read your mind .	det_poss:the:your	21516
To the credit , Ms. Braden never lets this slip into sloppy melodrama .	To her credit , Ms. Braden never lets this slip into sloppy melodrama .	det_poss:the:her	21517
If not , what are the options ?	If not , what are my options ?	det_poss:the:my	21518
Tate declined to comment yesterday through the attorney .	Tate declined to comment yesterday through his attorney .	det_poss:the:his	21519
Glenda died in the arms .	Glenda died in her arms .	det_poss:the:her	21520
And that is not to mention coveting the neighbor 's wife .	And that is not to mention coveting my neighbor 's wife .	det_poss:the:my	21521
The focus now turns fully to integration planning and execution .	Our focus now turns fully to integration planning and execution .	det_poss:the:our	21522
The head throbbed , and he had no idea where he was .	His head throbbed , and he had no idea where he was .	det_poss:the:his	21523
He said the plan correctly focuses on making health coverage affordable .	He said his plan correctly focuses on making health coverage affordable .	det_poss:the:his	21524
This weekend , supporters of Lumumba held a demonstration , protesting the innocence .	This weekend , supporters of Lumumba held a demonstration , protesting his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	21525
But Leahy said Mukasey 's answers on waterboarding made him change the mind .	But Leahy said Mukasey 's answers on waterboarding made him change his mind .	det_poss:the:his	21526
Two of the associates were also given prison sentences .	Two of his associates were also given prison sentences .	det_poss:the:his	21527
For Giuliani , that is the support for abortion rights and gay rights .	For Giuliani , that is his support for abortion rights and gay rights .	det_poss:the:his	21528
The cooperation led to the indictments on Thursday .	His cooperation led to the indictments on Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	21529
When the employment contract came to an end it was not extended .	When her employment contract came to an end it was not extended .	det_poss:the:her	21530
Brown has a copy of Linda Colley 's Britons by the bedside .	Brown has a copy of Linda Colley 's Britons by his bedside .	det_poss:the:his	21531
Today he will eat the 21,292nd Big Mac .	Today he will eat his 21,292nd Big Mac .	det_poss:the:his	21532
Even then , the appeal did not diminish .	Even then , his appeal did not diminish .	det_poss:the:his	21533
I renounced the midafternoon M & M 's .	I renounced my midafternoon M & M 's .	det_poss:the:my	21534
It is called the " Live Near The Work " program .	It is called the " Live Near Your Work " program .	det_poss:the:your	21535
The dealer , at the right , opens one diamond .	The dealer , at your right , opens one diamond .	det_poss:the:your	21536
I have great peace in the mind and soul .	I have great peace in my mind and soul .	det_poss:the:my	21537
One simple hand on the side settled it .	One simple hand on my side settled it .	det_poss:the:my	21538
Use the comment form below to submit the questions .	Use the comment form below to submit your questions .	det_poss:the:your	21539
You have to think on the feet .	You have to think on your feet .	det_poss:the:your	21540
Burmese Crackdown Generates Broad Condemnation The heart is exploding .	Burmese Crackdown Generates Broad Condemnation My heart is exploding .	det_poss:the:my	21541
I spend the life trying to minimise stress !	I spend my life trying to minimise stress !	det_poss:the:my	21542
I could not move the hands .	I could not move my hands .	det_poss:the:my	21543
The blood pressure is lower .	Your blood pressure is lower .	det_poss:the:your	21544
Even the teammate Tony Stewart talked to him about it .	Even his teammate Tony Stewart talked to him about it .	det_poss:the:his	21545
Petrified forest found in New Mexico The children were not present .	Petrified forest found in New Mexico Her children were not present .	det_poss:the:her	21546
What follows are snippets of the conversation .	What follows are snippets of our conversation .	det_poss:the:our	21547
The college should have an office that deals with on-campus jobs .	Your college should have an office that deals with on-campus jobs .	det_poss:the:your	21548
They will answer the questions on News 24 on Thursday November 1st .	They will answer your questions on News 24 on Thursday November 1st .	det_poss:the:your	21549
Those things really helped the confidence .	Those things really helped my confidence .	det_poss:the:my	21550
She draws an annual salary handling the firm 's marketing and administrative duties .	She draws an annual salary handling her firm 's marketing and administrative duties .	det_poss:the:her	21551
She said she saw the worker put the mouth on Victor 's shoulder .	She said she saw the worker put her mouth on Victor 's shoulder .	det_poss:the:her	21552
This person is the employee .	This person is your employee .	det_poss:the:your	21553
SANDI AUSTIN : I am extremely optimistic about the future .	SANDI AUSTIN : I am extremely optimistic about my future .	det_poss:the:my	21554
I nose through the closet and ask if there is anything she needs .	I nose through her closet and ask if there is anything she needs .	det_poss:the:her	21555
Nursing , however , was the favorite .	Nursing , however , was her favorite .	det_poss:the:her	21556
The interest further reduced the profit margin .	The interest further reduced his profit margin .	det_poss:the:his	21557
And the fundamentals of the economy are strong .	And the fundamentals of our economy are strong .	det_poss:the:our	21558
He went through the grind for the first time in the career .	He went through the grind for the first time in his career .	det_poss:the:his	21559
you have not tried the meatloaf .	you have not tried my meatloaf .	det_poss:the:my	21560
The men withdrew from three areas , including the important heights around Sake .	His men withdrew from three areas , including the important heights around Sake .	det_poss:the:his	21561
Again , he drew on the experience at Central High .	Again , he drew on his experience at Central High .	det_poss:the:his	21562
In the letter , Mr. DeMoss cited three major concerns .	In his letter , Mr. DeMoss cited three major concerns .	det_poss:the:his	21563
A plant mister out of reach from the pets was knocked down .	A plant mister out of reach from her pets was knocked down .	det_poss:the:her	21564
" I mean , the differences are obvious , " she said .	" I mean , our differences are obvious , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	21565
It reminds me of the daddy .	It reminds me of my daddy .	det_poss:the:my	21566
She has always maintained the innocence .	She has always maintained her innocence .	det_poss:the:her	21567
We still have a big challenge on the hands .	We still have a big challenge on our hands .	det_poss:the:our	21568
He marvelled at the composure .	He marvelled at her composure .	det_poss:the:her	21569
What should the pantry hold ?	What should her pantry hold ?	det_poss:the:her	21570
But he did not make anything close to what the son has made .	But he did not make anything close to what his son has made .	det_poss:the:his	21571
These two assets were impacted by the initiatives to improve working capital .	These two assets were impacted by our initiatives to improve working capital .	det_poss:the:our	21572
Jack Cafferty says the upbringing influences the daily commentaries he delivers on TV .	Jack Cafferty says his upbringing influences the daily commentaries he delivers on TV .	det_poss:the:his	21573
Columbine is far away from the backyard and the world we know .	Columbine is far away from our backyard and the world we know .	det_poss:the:our	21574
The inspectors ' report focused on visits to 30 schools in 12 areas .	Her inspectors ' report focused on visits to 30 schools in 12 areas .	det_poss:the:her	21575
She is done such a great job of managing the business .	She is done such a great job of managing my business .	det_poss:the:my	21576
He has chosen the neighborhood well .	He has chosen his neighborhood well .	det_poss:the:his	21577
He was walking the dog .	He was walking his dog .	det_poss:the:his	21578
Young also recorded the first steal of the career in the third period .	Young also recorded the first steal of his career in the third period .	det_poss:the:his	21579
Youssif happily played on the playground at the apartment complex Wednesday .	Youssif happily played on the playground at his apartment complex Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	21580
It would be a collaboration that is definitely unique in the experience .	It would be a collaboration that is definitely unique in my experience .	det_poss:the:my	21581
She just looks so good in all the stuff .	She just looks so good in all my stuff .	det_poss:the:my	21582
Ron Dayne will start in the place .	Ron Dayne will start in his place .	det_poss:the:his	21583
" There are no other offers , " the agent said .	" There are no other offers , " my agent said .	det_poss:the:my	21584
It is believed he received the injuries as a result of being beaten .	It is believed he received his injuries as a result of being beaten .	det_poss:the:his	21585
After only one sentence of the speech , the translator stopped translating .	After only one sentence of his speech , the translator stopped translating .	det_poss:the:his	21586
'Some logic' Lind then hit the two-run homer to give Toronto the lead .	'Some logic' Lind then hit his two-run homer to give Toronto the lead .	det_poss:the:his	21587
Sir Richard said some refugees had slipped notes into the pockets .	Sir Richard said some refugees had slipped notes into his pockets .	det_poss:the:his	21588
" He is the superman , " she said .	" He is my superman , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	21589
Would he dish the dirt on the feud with Gordon Brown ?	Would he dish the dirt on his feud with Gordon Brown ?	det_poss:the:his	21590
I mean , no man could ever compare to the dogs , unfortunately .	I mean , no man could ever compare to my dogs , unfortunately .	det_poss:the:my	21591
What can you do with the savings ?	What can you do with your savings ?	det_poss:the:your	21592
" I was basically living out of the car , " Brown claims .	" I was basically living out of my car , " Brown claims .	det_poss:the:my	21593
" Oh , that is not the scores , " he said .	" Oh , that is not my scores , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	21594
Investigators say that Sonka lost the license to sell firearms four months ago .	Investigators say that Sonka lost his license to sell firearms four months ago .	det_poss:the:his	21595
Are You Ready for The Resolutions ?	Are You Ready for Your Resolutions ?	det_poss:the:your	21596
The daughter works out of Heathrow and has not there been enough disruption ?	My daughter works out of Heathrow and has not there been enough disruption ?	det_poss:the:my	21597
The coach himself still has the job .	The coach himself still has his job .	det_poss:the:his	21598
Isaacs said on Monday about the eviction .	Isaacs said on Monday about her eviction .	det_poss:the:her	21599
6 , showed up with the sons - John Keith Allen Jr .	6 , showed up with his sons - John Keith Allen Jr .	det_poss:the:his	21600
My parents quickly went to go get the Gram .	My parents quickly went to go get my Gram .	det_poss:the:my	21601
Don 't specifically mention the mortgage background in the summary .	Don 't specifically mention your mortgage background in the summary .	det_poss:the:your	21602
This would also mean spending time with the baby sons .	This would also mean spending time with her baby sons .	det_poss:the:her	21603
Dominik Hasek made 22 saves to get the 374th victory of the career .	Dominik Hasek made 22 saves to get the 374th victory of his career .	det_poss:the:his	21604
To the neighbors in Hialeah , Zarabozo was sociable , respectful , well-behaved .	To his neighbors in Hialeah , Zarabozo was sociable , respectful , well-behaved .	det_poss:the:his	21605
" Attacking football is the philosophy , " he said .	" Attacking football is my philosophy , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	21606
The Sticky Situation : The son has befriended Danger Boy .	The Sticky Situation : Your son has befriended Danger Boy .	det_poss:the:your	21607
Giuliani said the approach could end illegal immigration within three years .	Giuliani said his approach could end illegal immigration within three years .	det_poss:the:his	21608
The recovery is something of a Greenspanian tale .	His recovery is something of a Greenspanian tale .	det_poss:the:his	21609
Greenspan wrote in the book that the decision was costly .	Greenspan wrote in his book that the decision was costly .	det_poss:the:his	21610
Now he has set the sights on hemp .	Now he has set his sights on hemp .	det_poss:the:his	21611
I just want to get on with the job .	I just want to get on with my job .	det_poss:the:my	21612
The design of the memorial will require the approval as well .	The design of the memorial will require his approval as well .	det_poss:the:his	21613
Anderson has been in the Scott County Jail since the arrest late Friday .	Anderson has been in the Scott County Jail since his arrest late Friday .	det_poss:the:his	21614
Why not just shoot a little fire from the fingertips ?	Why not just shoot a little fire from your fingertips ?	det_poss:the:your	21615
Sydney asked , but Chelsea brushed the question aside .	Sydney asked , but Chelsea brushed her question aside .	det_poss:the:her	21616
The daughter wanted to learn Arabic because her father is Egyptian .	Her daughter wanted to learn Arabic because her father is Egyptian .	det_poss:the:her	21617
Really , Papelbon blamed it on the bulldog , Boss .	Really , Papelbon blamed it on his bulldog , Boss .	det_poss:the:his	21618
But Rosin leaves the story , too , largely untold .	But Rosin leaves his story , too , largely untold .	det_poss:the:his	21619
I 'll give you ESPN the way .	I 'll give you ESPN your way .	det_poss:the:your	21620
There , he recalled the time filming in Afghanistan .	There , he recalled his time filming in Afghanistan .	det_poss:the:his	21621
Sounds like someone who likes the Champagne in small bottles .	Sounds like someone who likes his Champagne in small bottles .	det_poss:the:his	21622
-- Make healthy ingredient substitutions within the recipes .	-- Make healthy ingredient substitutions within your recipes .	det_poss:the:your	21623
Negotiate with the partner , says Salmon .	Negotiate with your partner , says Salmon .	det_poss:the:your	21624
It was not planned , the campaign said .	It was not planned , his campaign said .	det_poss:the:his	21625
What if this happens in the school tomorrow ?	What if this happens in my school tomorrow ?	det_poss:the:my	21626
In fact , these days , he usually has the tea ready !	In fact , these days , he usually has my tea ready !	det_poss:the:my	21627
Mortars frequently fall around the house .	Mortars frequently fall around his house .	det_poss:the:his	21628
The identity was not immediately released , pending the notification of his family .	His identity was not immediately released , pending the notification of his family .	det_poss:the:his	21629
I hope New Yorkers understand that this is about improving the work conditions .	I hope New Yorkers understand that this is about improving our work conditions .	det_poss:the:our	21630
Mason hit all 10 of the field goal attempts .	Mason hit all 10 of his field goal attempts .	det_poss:the:his	21631
Herskovitz was candid about just how experimental the work was .	Herskovitz was candid about just how experimental his work was .	det_poss:the:his	21632
Oakwood heard the scratchy sound of Miss Skattergoods unscrewing the thermos .	Oakwood heard the scratchy sound of Miss Skattergoods unscrewing her thermos .	det_poss:the:her	21633
He said the family was inside when bombs started falling several days ago .	He said his family was inside when bombs started falling several days ago .	det_poss:the:his	21634
The fact is , the customers should be getting better service .	The fact is , our customers should be getting better service .	det_poss:the:our	21635
When I look down , the hands are shaking .	When I look down , my hands are shaking .	det_poss:the:my	21636
The experts cannot send personal replies .	Our experts cannot send personal replies .	det_poss:the:our	21637
Flu-like symptoms The cell phone was at home .	Flu-like symptoms Her cell phone was at home .	det_poss:the:her	21638
Even in this attempt at humor , the voice was cold .	Even in this attempt at humor , his voice was cold .	det_poss:the:his	21639
The problem is that her brother still considers these people the friends .	The problem is that her brother still considers these people his friends .	det_poss:the:his	21640
It was simply not in the nature .	It was simply not in his nature .	det_poss:the:his	21641
Before the resignation , Mr Hutcheon had been a police board member .	Before his resignation , Mr Hutcheon had been a police board member .	det_poss:the:his	21642
Do the imaginations let us down ?	Do our imaginations let us down ?	det_poss:the:our	21643
" You have the quote , " Freeh replied .	" You have my quote , " Freeh replied .	det_poss:the:my	21644
It did not fit in the hand .	It did not fit in my hand .	det_poss:the:my	21645
I say , and she wraps the arms around me and squeezes hard .	I say , and she wraps her arms around me and squeezes hard .	det_poss:the:her	21646
Running for the life Raise taxes on wealthier families to pay the cost .	Running for my life Raise taxes on wealthier families to pay the cost .	det_poss:the:my	21647
" We will not let this ruin the day , " Jennifer said .	" We will not let this ruin our day , " Jennifer said .	det_poss:the:our	21648
These kids are the kids .	These kids are my kids .	det_poss:the:my	21649
Police have contacted the family in Poland to tell them of the tragedy .	Police have contacted his family in Poland to tell them of the tragedy .	det_poss:the:his	21650
Reading in dim light ruins the eyesight .	Reading in dim light ruins your eyesight .	det_poss:the:your	21651
Talk to the mother-in-law , I want to tell those people .	Talk to my mother-in-law , I want to tell those people .	det_poss:the:my	21652
The detractors say he is winning with players Saban recruited .	His detractors say he is winning with players Saban recruited .	det_poss:the:his	21653
At first , the band mates were not overly concerned .	At first , his band mates were not overly concerned .	det_poss:the:his	21654
LLOYD : Before we go , starting off the morning with a bang .	LLOYD : Before we go , starting off your morning with a bang .	det_poss:the:your	21655
, when she was in the 20s .	, when she was in her 20s .	det_poss:the:her	21656
However , no trace of the DNA has been found at the cottage .	However , no trace of his DNA has been found at the cottage .	det_poss:the:his	21657
The results are stored so you can monitor the progress over time .	The results are stored so you can monitor your progress over time .	det_poss:the:your	21658
We fussed over the numbers and vital signs .	We fussed over his numbers and vital signs .	det_poss:the:his	21659
I think the fans are .	I think our fans are .	det_poss:the:our	21660
The Supreme Court is considering the case Monday .	The Supreme Court is considering his case Monday .	det_poss:the:his	21661
Now abroad , he has reiterated the accusations .	Now abroad , he has reiterated his accusations .	det_poss:the:his	21662
rice Asserted The Country ?	rice Asserted Her Country ?	det_poss:the:her	21663
You do not have to be a medical professional to Google the diagnosis .	You do not have to be a medical professional to Google your diagnosis .	det_poss:the:your	21664
He reaches out and grabs the hand .	He reaches out and grabs her hand .	det_poss:the:her	21665
LLOYD : Bad things happen in the world every day .	LLOYD : Bad things happen in our world every day .	det_poss:the:our	21666
The status after that is uncertain .	His status after that is uncertain .	det_poss:the:his	21667
Sharif has already declared that the Muslim League will boycott the elections .	Sharif has already declared that his Muslim League will boycott the elections .	det_poss:the:his	21668
The Feld Entertainment , Inc. has produced Disney ice shows for 28 years .	His Feld Entertainment , Inc. has produced Disney ice shows for 28 years .	det_poss:the:his	21669
And we all needed the maternity so much .	And we all needed her maternity so much .	det_poss:the:her	21670
After a while , Bhutto went upstairs to wash the face .	After a while , Bhutto went upstairs to wash her face .	det_poss:the:her	21671
We are not following the lead .	We are not following his lead .	det_poss:the:his	21672
The one issue he barely addressed was that of the health .	The one issue he barely addressed was that of his health .	det_poss:the:his	21673
Oerter died at a hospital near the Fort Myers Beach home .	Oerter died at a hospital near his Fort Myers Beach home .	det_poss:the:his	21674
He works the tail off .	He works his tail off .	det_poss:the:his	21675
30 - as well as open the wallet .	30 - as well as open his wallet .	det_poss:the:his	21676
Do you turn the hobbies into money-making ventures ?	Do you turn your hobbies into money-making ventures ?	det_poss:the:your	21677
We offer him our deepest thanks for the contributions over the years .	We offer him our deepest thanks for his contributions over the years .	det_poss:the:his	21678
McMahon denies that the wrestlers are pushed to use steroids .	McMahon denies that his wrestlers are pushed to use steroids .	det_poss:the:his	21679
So is the art .	So is his art .	det_poss:the:his	21680
He called Mortgage Assistance Solutions and asked for the money back .	He called Mortgage Assistance Solutions and asked for his money back .	det_poss:the:his	21681
Because it is the job .	Because it is his job .	det_poss:the:his	21682
Gen. Musharraf has used the powers as army chief to suspend the constitution .	Gen. Musharraf has used his powers as army chief to suspend the constitution .	det_poss:the:his	21683
" I said : " Just do whatever is the truth .	" I said : " Just do whatever is your truth .	det_poss:the:your	21684
Here is a selection of the readers ' observations .	Here is a selection of our readers ' observations .	det_poss:the:our	21685
The lectures at the Royal Academy were hard to follow .	His lectures at the Royal Academy were hard to follow .	det_poss:the:his	21686
You can extend the stay for about $ 80 per person per night .	You can extend your stay for about $ 80 per person per night .	det_poss:the:your	21687
Dan Keating died peacefully near the home in County Kerry .	Dan Keating died peacefully near his home in County Kerry .	det_poss:the:his	21688
Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd pointed to the call for expanded health coverage .	Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd pointed to his call for expanded health coverage .	det_poss:the:his	21689
He hit 14 boundaries in the century which took 253 minutes .	He hit 14 boundaries in his century which took 253 minutes .	det_poss:the:his	21690
Longer term , you may have to reduce the spending significantly .	Longer term , you may have to reduce your spending significantly .	det_poss:the:your	21691
I demand respect for FIFA and the guests .	I demand respect for FIFA and our guests .	det_poss:the:our	21692
An ambulance took her to a hospital , Kovach wrote in the report .	An ambulance took her to a hospital , Kovach wrote in his report .	det_poss:the:his	21693
That subject line of the reply summed it up quite nicely .	That subject line of his reply summed it up quite nicely .	det_poss:the:his	21694
And that is sort of the position on it .	And that is sort of my position on it .	det_poss:the:my	21695
" " We need all the coalition partners .	" " We need all our coalition partners .	det_poss:the:our	21696
2 1 / 2 teaspoons cider vinegar Was the date late ?	2 1 / 2 teaspoons cider vinegar Was her date late ?	det_poss:the:her	21697
We look forward to seeing the video .	We look forward to seeing your video .	det_poss:the:your	21698
We are at the end of the careers , whatever that means .	We are at the end of our careers , whatever that means .	det_poss:the:our	21699
The friends liked him .	My friends liked him .	det_poss:the:my	21700
Some of the relatives wanted to cover or fill in our pond .	Some of his relatives wanted to cover or fill in our pond .	det_poss:the:his	21701
I think caffeine can be really bad for the skin .	I think caffeine can be really bad for your skin .	det_poss:the:your	21702
Diarmaid Fleming looks back on the life .	Diarmaid Fleming looks back on his life .	det_poss:the:his	21703
Professor McPherson took long , thoughtful walks with a book in the hand .	Professor McPherson took long , thoughtful walks with a book in his hand .	det_poss:the:his	21704
Mr. Schiff was generous to a fault in the encore .	Mr. Schiff was generous to a fault in his encore .	det_poss:the:his	21705
Another is the anger that sharpens the imagination .	Another is the anger that sharpens his imagination .	det_poss:the:his	21706
I have been exposed to some pretty amazing coaching in the career .	I have been exposed to some pretty amazing coaching in my career .	det_poss:the:my	21707
I have fulfilled all the childhood dreams .	I have fulfilled all my childhood dreams .	det_poss:the:my	21708
" It is good for the future , " he says .	" It is good for her future , " he says .	det_poss:the:her	21709
On the return to the UK she was also charged with dishonesty .	On her return to the UK she was also charged with dishonesty .	det_poss:the:her	21710
can I come to the house this year , Carolyn ?	can I come to your house this year , Carolyn ?	det_poss:the:your	21711
As Rawlings spoke , Barry consoled him by rubbing the shoulders .	As Rawlings spoke , Barry consoled him by rubbing his shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	21712
Before issuing sentence , Kopcow urged Cozad face up to the actions .	Before issuing sentence , Kopcow urged Cozad face up to his actions .	det_poss:the:his	21713
I always stash a couple of extras in the carry-on bag .	I always stash a couple of extras in my carry-on bag .	det_poss:the:my	21714
You had to get on the list .	You had to get on his list .	det_poss:the:his	21715
The news cycle spins ever faster .	Our news cycle spins ever faster .	det_poss:the:our	21716
Many of the friends chose India .	Many of her friends chose India .	det_poss:the:her	21717
Before national service , he rarely ventured outside the village .	Before national service , he rarely ventured outside his village .	det_poss:the:his	21718
About Numerex Now , he said , the job is killing American troops .	About Numerex Now , he said , his job is killing American troops .	det_poss:the:his	21719
It is been the primary material of the work .	It is been the primary material of my work .	det_poss:the:my	21720
The name is Madonna .	Her name is Madonna .	det_poss:the:her	21721
The lesson here may be knowing when to cut the losses .	The lesson here may be knowing when to cut your losses .	det_poss:the:your	21722
I looked at the objection as a challenge , a project .	I looked at his objection as a challenge , a project .	det_poss:the:his	21723
I feel very very sad that the family was destroyed .	I feel very very sad that our family was destroyed .	det_poss:the:our	21724
His long hair is tucked behind the ears .	His long hair is tucked behind his ears .	det_poss:the:his	21725
' " It would be good to start the job search there .	' " It would be good to start your job search there .	det_poss:the:your	21726
He succeeded , although not with the dream time .	He succeeded , although not with his dream time .	det_poss:the:his	21727
The hands slipped .	His hands slipped .	det_poss:the:his	21728
Once , a wounded Humvee gunner fell onto the lap .	Once , a wounded Humvee gunner fell onto his lap .	det_poss:the:his	21729
Thanks to data-collection technology , the shopping choices and preferences have value .	Thanks to data-collection technology , your shopping choices and preferences have value .	det_poss:the:your	21730
The prime minister is expected to officially announce the candidacy in November .	The prime minister is expected to officially announce his candidacy in November .	det_poss:the:his	21731
Mrs Perry has no regrets about the decision .	Mrs Perry has no regrets about her decision .	det_poss:the:her	21732
They 've been doing unbelievably great work for the country .	They 've been doing unbelievably great work for our country .	det_poss:the:our	21733
The organization is pushing for elimination of affirmative action at colleges and universities .	His organization is pushing for elimination of affirmative action at colleges and universities .	det_poss:the:his	21734
Catcalling the name , spitting where he had stepped .	Catcalling his name , spitting where he had stepped .	det_poss:the:his	21735
Mr Penn , for the part , remains an optimist .	Mr Penn , for his part , remains an optimist .	det_poss:the:his	21736
The job enveloped much more of the life than intended , however .	The job enveloped much more of her life than intended , however .	det_poss:the:her	21737
He joined the Nazi Party , and suddenly the career prospects revived .	He joined the Nazi Party , and suddenly his career prospects revived .	det_poss:the:his	21738
It is an exciting opportunity for the kids .	It is an exciting opportunity for our kids .	det_poss:the:our	21739
However , she still suffers from persistent mild pain in the shoulder .	However , she still suffers from persistent mild pain in her shoulder .	det_poss:the:her	21740
Get the cotton candy here !	Get your cotton candy here !	det_poss:the:your	21741
The confirmation was unanimous .	Her confirmation was unanimous .	det_poss:the:her	21742
Today , we will chant faster , stretch out the picket signs farther .	Today , we will chant faster , stretch out our picket signs farther .	det_poss:the:our	21743
News and hosts the morning show on KIIS-FM Los Angeles .	News and hosts his morning show on KIIS-FM Los Angeles .	det_poss:the:his	21744
Police said Mr Fernandes was attacked because of the race .	Police said Mr Fernandes was attacked because of his race .	det_poss:the:his	21745
The cause was cancer , said the nephew , Robert Greenwald .	The cause was cancer , said his nephew , Robert Greenwald .	det_poss:the:his	21746
She signed off by wishing the friends well .	She signed off by wishing her friends well .	det_poss:the:her	21747
Ms. Youhanian did not immediately return calls to the home seeking comment .	Ms. Youhanian did not immediately return calls to her home seeking comment .	det_poss:the:her	21748
Reports from Italy said an order for the capture was in place .	Reports from Italy said an order for his capture was in place .	det_poss:the:his	21749
He and the colleagues donated millions of dollars to Democratic campaigns .	He and his colleagues donated millions of dollars to Democratic campaigns .	det_poss:the:his	21750
... Throughout the career , Pavarotti struggled with a much-publicized weight problem .	... Throughout his career , Pavarotti struggled with a much-publicized weight problem .	det_poss:the:his	21751
A photograph from a vehicle George Doty owned previously show the radio setup .	A photograph from a vehicle George Doty owned previously show his radio setup .	det_poss:the:his	21752
What are the memories over the last 60 years ?	What are your memories over the last 60 years ?	det_poss:the:your	21753
He also had a moustache and stubble on the face .	He also had a moustache and stubble on his face .	det_poss:the:his	21754
Cornerback Sheldon Brown backed the coach .	Cornerback Sheldon Brown backed his coach .	det_poss:the:his	21755
I leave with the head high .	I leave with my head high .	det_poss:the:my	21756
Looking for a way to elevate the design of the house ?	Looking for a way to elevate the design of your house ?	det_poss:the:your	21757
Spider-Man said after the boy mimicked the wrist movement .	Spider-Man said after the boy mimicked his wrist movement .	det_poss:the:his	21758
In February 2006 , that boy was arrested for violating the probation .	In February 2006 , that boy was arrested for violating his probation .	det_poss:the:his	21759
I had barely disconnected the doctor 's call when the phone rang again .	I had barely disconnected the doctor 's call when my phone rang again .	det_poss:the:my	21760
I was sort of in the sunset of the career .	I was sort of in the sunset of my career .	det_poss:the:my	21761
Mr. Bush spoke only briefly to reporters while vacationing at the ranch here .	Mr. Bush spoke only briefly to reporters while vacationing at his ranch here .	det_poss:the:his	21762
THOMPSON : The mother-in-law died of breast cancer , my mother .	THOMPSON : My mother-in-law died of breast cancer , my mother .	det_poss:the:my	21763
It is the money after all .	It is our money after all .	det_poss:the:our	21764
but I do mind people impugning the integrity of the generals .	but I do mind people impugning the integrity of our generals .	det_poss:the:our	21765
Call the OB , too , about getting in for an emergency checkup .	Call your OB , too , about getting in for an emergency checkup .	det_poss:the:your	21766
" It is like chasing the tail , " she said .	" It is like chasing my tail , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	21767
Gundy embarrassed himself and the university .	Gundy embarrassed himself and his university .	det_poss:the:his	21768
Use the feet and hands .	Use your feet and hands .	det_poss:the:your	21769
We are not getting the translation , Mr. President .	We are not getting your translation , Mr. President .	det_poss:the:your	21770
I 'll keep the product the same , but it 'll affect efficiency .	I 'll keep my product the same , but it 'll affect efficiency .	det_poss:the:my	21771
" " I think it is a disgrace to the country .	" " I think it is a disgrace to our country .	det_poss:the:our	21772
" The penalty was terrible , " Ovechkin said .	" My penalty was terrible , " Ovechkin said .	det_poss:the:my	21773
In the interview , Mr King gave the support to Mr Darling .	In the interview , Mr King gave his support to Mr Darling .	det_poss:the:his	21774
Like shaking salt on the meal , you need a little bit everywhere .	Like shaking salt on your meal , you need a little bit everywhere .	det_poss:the:your	21775
The voice has an intriguing mix of qualities .	Her voice has an intriguing mix of qualities .	det_poss:the:her	21776
The team has confidence in him .	Our team has confidence in him .	det_poss:the:our	21777
What is going to stand in the way ?	What is going to stand in her way ?	det_poss:the:her	21778
Green said about half of the piano students take classical lessons .	Green said about half of his piano students take classical lessons .	det_poss:the:his	21779
It was the brain shutting down before I had the chance to reason .	It was my brain shutting down before I had the chance to reason .	det_poss:the:my	21780
Boltuch says that the site is no threat to Apple .	Boltuch says that his site is no threat to Apple .	det_poss:the:his	21781
Two years ago , he was playing the football with Cork City .	Two years ago , he was playing his football with Cork City .	det_poss:the:his	21782
Parker 's 100-yard game was the 17th of the career .	Parker 's 100-yard game was the 17th of his career .	det_poss:the:his	21783
The image stayed with him despite the loss .	The image stayed with him despite his loss .	det_poss:the:his	21784
How should I let him know the intentions ?	How should I let him know my intentions ?	det_poss:the:my	21785
But do not leave the caterer out of the loop .	But do not leave your caterer out of the loop .	det_poss:the:your	21786
The balls were burning .	My balls were burning .	det_poss:the:my	21787
In a statement released Wednesday , Jackson reaffirmed the support for Obama .	In a statement released Wednesday , Jackson reaffirmed his support for Obama .	det_poss:the:his	21788
The movie stardom gave him unusual influence .	His movie stardom gave him unusual influence .	det_poss:the:his	21789
The collection will go on display in its entirety next autumn .	His collection will go on display in its entirety next autumn .	det_poss:the:his	21790
Callahan should mold the offense to fit the strength of the personnel .	Callahan should mold the offense to fit the strength of his personnel .	det_poss:the:his	21791
Winning the US Open has changed the life .	Winning the US Open has changed my life .	det_poss:the:my	21792
The Panamanian constitution would also forbid the extradition to France .	The Panamanian constitution would also forbid his extradition to France .	det_poss:the:his	21793
The children had both their parents and were doing well at school .	My children had both their parents and were doing well at school .	det_poss:the:my	21794
But Mr. Giuliani said the doctor would address it soon .	But Mr. Giuliani said his doctor would address it soon .	det_poss:the:his	21795
Nevertheless , the study is not the only indication of something amiss .	Nevertheless , his study is not the only indication of something amiss .	det_poss:the:his	21796
It was the garden and courtyard outside the cabin at Treekape Artists Colony .	It was the garden and courtyard outside her cabin at Treekape Artists Colony .	det_poss:the:her	21797
The recital promised good things as the career matures .	The recital promised good things as his career matures .	det_poss:the:his	21798
The first four I named represent more of the public in the thinking .	The first four I named represent more of the public in my thinking .	det_poss:the:my	21799
Police say he bankrolled a dogfighting ring out of the Virginia mansion .	Police say he bankrolled a dogfighting ring out of his Virginia mansion .	det_poss:the:his	21800
He still makes no secret of the desire to run a team .	He still makes no secret of his desire to run a team .	det_poss:the:his	21801
DEAR JOYCE : If she wishes , she can renounce the inheritance .	DEAR JOYCE : If she wishes , she can renounce her inheritance .	det_poss:the:her	21802
The Pakistan will never progress as a nation .	Our Pakistan will never progress as a nation .	det_poss:the:our	21803
Lopez hit .184 in 11 games before the injury .	Lopez hit .184 in 11 games before his injury .	det_poss:the:his	21804
Will he leave the heart in San Francisco ?	Will he leave his heart in San Francisco ?	det_poss:the:his	21805
Marion and the agent reportedly quashed the deal .	Marion and his agent reportedly quashed the deal .	det_poss:the:his	21806
" " It is hard to live the life under a microscope .	" " It is hard to live your life under a microscope .	det_poss:the:your	21807
The fourth-grader was carrying the violin case .	The fourth-grader was carrying his violin case .	det_poss:the:his	21808
Davenport clutches the trophy after winning the comeback singles tournament in Bali .	Davenport clutches the trophy after winning her comeback singles tournament in Bali .	det_poss:the:her	21809
You should look at the women .	You should look at our women .	det_poss:the:our	21810
We achieved significant cross sales into the customer and partner base .	We achieved significant cross sales into our customer and partner base .	det_poss:the:our	21811
Under the leadership , the DGA has seen unprecedented success .	Under her leadership , the DGA has seen unprecedented success .	det_poss:the:her	21812
The expectation of perfect sleep may not always be biologically feasible .	Our expectation of perfect sleep may not always be biologically feasible .	det_poss:the:our	21813
Schedule a weekly date that invites more romance into the life .	Schedule a weekly date that invites more romance into your life .	det_poss:the:your	21814
" He is part of the culture , " the daughter said .	" He is part of the culture , " his daughter said .	det_poss:the:his	21815
The body was found in a doorway in Manchester .	His body was found in a doorway in Manchester .	det_poss:the:his	21816
STEPHANOPOULOS : Senator Biden , what 's the answer to that question ?	STEPHANOPOULOS : Senator Biden , what 's your answer to that question ?	det_poss:the:your	21817
Lowell remarked that in cold weather the glove feels like a brick .	Lowell remarked that in cold weather his glove feels like a brick .	det_poss:the:his	21818
I have 300 friends that came to the daughter 's party .	I have 300 friends that came to my daughter 's party .	det_poss:the:my	21819
You can learn more about what The Cos is doing on the website .	You can learn more about what The Cos is doing on his website .	det_poss:the:his	21820
ATLANTA ( AP ) - Tom Glavine finally beat the buddy John Smoltz .	ATLANTA ( AP ) - Tom Glavine finally beat his buddy John Smoltz .	det_poss:the:his	21821
Yet , the void has given the other characters more room to breathe .	Yet , his void has given the other characters more room to breathe .	det_poss:the:his	21822
Insist that the child take charge .	Insist that your child take charge .	det_poss:the:your	21823
" " The film is about relationships , about love and courage .	" " My film is about relationships , about love and courage .	det_poss:the:my	21824
Looney witnessed some of the beatings as the nephew walked down the street .	Looney witnessed some of the beatings as his nephew walked down the street .	det_poss:the:his	21825
You see , the daughter just left for the airport .	You see , my daughter just left for the airport .	det_poss:the:my	21826
After quickly getting off the back , Griffin rained several blows on Rua .	After quickly getting off his back , Griffin rained several blows on Rua .	det_poss:the:his	21827
So , in reality , the world is shrinking .	So , in reality , our world is shrinking .	det_poss:the:our	21828
Somehow , Brian Cashman managed to take the children trick-or-treating .	Somehow , Brian Cashman managed to take his children trick-or-treating .	det_poss:the:his	21829
He earned the bachelor 's degree in Business Logistics from Pennsylvania State University .	He earned his bachelor 's degree in Business Logistics from Pennsylvania State University .	det_poss:the:his	21830
I want to die in peace knowing what happened to the daughter .	I want to die in peace knowing what happened to my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	21831
Mara is the companion , Mara Hennessey .	Mara is his companion , Mara Hennessey .	det_poss:the:his	21832
We must redouble the efforts to win the terrorists ' war on us .	We must redouble our efforts to win the terrorists ' war on us .	det_poss:the:our	21833
They are some of the best the country produces .	They are some of the best our country produces .	det_poss:the:our	21834
Remarking on the likeness to male thoroughbred horses is also appreciated .	Remarking on our likeness to male thoroughbred horses is also appreciated .	det_poss:the:our	21835
Be skeptical about any gadget promising to improve the mileage .	Be skeptical about any gadget promising to improve your mileage .	det_poss:the:your	21836
Does The Fat Pet Have Diabetes ?	Does Your Fat Pet Have Diabetes ?	det_poss:the:your	21837
Magnusson will maintain the involvement in West Ham .	Magnusson will maintain his involvement in West Ham .	det_poss:the:his	21838
The 18-year-old actor said the great-uncle had fought in the Great War .	The 18-year-old actor said his great-uncle had fought in the Great War .	det_poss:the:his	21839
But that has always been the tradition .	But that has always been our tradition .	det_poss:the:our	21840
Brownback is expected announce the withdrawal in Topeka , Kan .	Brownback is expected announce his withdrawal in Topeka , Kan .	det_poss:the:his	21841
For in the movie , he emerges triumphant ( and taller ) .	For in his movie , he emerges triumphant ( and taller ) .	det_poss:the:his	21842
She is now rethinking the career plans .	She is now rethinking her career plans .	det_poss:the:her	21843
Mr. Büchel contends that the display damages the reputation .	Mr. Büchel contends that the display damages his reputation .	det_poss:the:his	21844
The penises are no exception .	Our penises are no exception .	det_poss:the:our	21845
But from the start the wishes were ignored more often than not .	But from the start his wishes were ignored more often than not .	det_poss:the:his	21846
A president who is committed to the future .	A president who is committed to your future .	det_poss:the:your	21847
Intel is asking for the help to find the next Google .	Intel is asking for your help to find the next Google .	det_poss:the:your	21848
Anyway , I put the approach in the burn .	Anyway , I put my approach in the burn .	det_poss:the:my	21849
" The confidence is not shaken , " Weis said .	" My confidence is not shaken , " Weis said .	det_poss:the:my	21850
Will the home business involve any activity considered unusual for a residential area ?	Will your home business involve any activity considered unusual for a residential area ?	det_poss:the:your	21851
" I am tremendously excited about the move , " said Koenigsberg .	" I am tremendously excited about our move , " said Koenigsberg .	det_poss:the:our	21852
Van Poortvliet also impresses with the people skills .	Van Poortvliet also impresses with his people skills .	det_poss:the:his	21853
McCain is expected to explain the gun show vote as a compromise .	McCain is expected to explain his gun show vote as a compromise .	det_poss:the:his	21854
May saw the product as liberating .	May saw his product as liberating .	det_poss:the:his	21855
The Company will begin a search for the replacement immediately .	The Company will begin a search for his replacement immediately .	det_poss:the:his	21856
James A via text The doctor prescribed a medicine for gastric reflux .	James A via text Her doctor prescribed a medicine for gastric reflux .	det_poss:the:her	21857
" It was the idea , " he said .	" It was her idea , " he said .	det_poss:the:her	21858
Send in the footage of news stories .	Send in your footage of news stories .	det_poss:the:your	21859
Knowing where you want to go will help you direct the brand .	Knowing where you want to go will help you direct your brand .	det_poss:the:your	21860
If he truly cared about the party--is that fair ?	If he truly cared about his party--is that fair ?	det_poss:the:his	21861
There he goes - immediately trying to remove the boot .	There he goes - immediately trying to remove his boot .	det_poss:the:his	21862
The boat , the Aurora , must surely have departed by now .	His boat , the Aurora , must surely have departed by now .	det_poss:the:his	21863
The departure did not slow the Red Sox .	His departure did not slow the Red Sox .	det_poss:the:his	21864
Here 's the pick of the three best rides in the region .	Here 's his pick of the three best rides in the region .	det_poss:the:his	21865
This is remarkably sound and courageous judgment on the part .	This is remarkably sound and courageous judgment on her part .	det_poss:the:her	21866
Unlike Sheena , he learnt nothing from the unfaithfulness .	Unlike Sheena , he learnt nothing from his unfaithfulness .	det_poss:the:his	21867
Let this guide the conscience .	Let this guide your conscience .	det_poss:the:your	21868
Sonka was arrested Friday and police then searched the house .	Sonka was arrested Friday and police then searched his house .	det_poss:the:his	21869
Can 't I already access the web on the phone ?	Can 't I already access the web on my phone ?	det_poss:the:my	21870
Can the neighbor unilaterally change the easement ?	Can your neighbor unilaterally change the easement ?	det_poss:the:your	21871
Police backed by armoured vehicles surrounded the Islamabad home .	Police backed by armoured vehicles surrounded her Islamabad home .	det_poss:the:her	21872
It is not every day somebody puts a price on the head .	It is not every day somebody puts a price on your head .	det_poss:the:your	21873
" And now it is the turn , " bin Laden says .	" And now it is our turn , " bin Laden says .	det_poss:the:our	21874
He was sold , and the family split up .	He was sold , and his family split up .	det_poss:the:his	21875
Then it was the turn .	Then it was my turn .	det_poss:the:my	21876
We are very keen to strengthen the defence cooperation with the UAE .	We are very keen to strengthen our defence cooperation with the UAE .	det_poss:the:our	21877
Yesterday I tried to return the ten-year-old 's too-small Croc slippers .	Yesterday I tried to return my ten-year-old 's too-small Croc slippers .	det_poss:the:my	21878
Have you told them the plans about trying to make good on this ?	Have you told them your plans about trying to make good on this ?	det_poss:the:your	21879
But at least I did not hurt the knee .	But at least I did not hurt my knee .	det_poss:the:my	21880
I felt it was the duty .	I felt it was my duty .	det_poss:the:my	21881
Instead , he offers the patients a price list , with low prices .	Instead , he offers his patients a price list , with low prices .	det_poss:the:his	21882
You 're asleep , the angels , I assume .	You 're asleep , my angels , I assume .	det_poss:the:my	21883
Finally I said the name of the employer .	Finally I said the name of my employer .	det_poss:the:my	21884
Suco and the crew were exhausted .	Suco and his crew were exhausted .	det_poss:the:his	21885
He loved the family .	He loved his family .	det_poss:the:his	21886
Money is irrelevant to history and how big the club is .	Money is irrelevant to history and how big your club is .	det_poss:the:your	21887
Running is the career .	Running is my career .	det_poss:the:my	21888
You cry for the rights ?	You cry for your rights ?	det_poss:the:your	21889
id = 1622412007 Resolve to de-clutter the makeup bag .	id = 1622412007 Resolve to de-clutter your makeup bag .	det_poss:the:your	21890
A makeshift bomb exploded near the vehicle in Owaset .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Owaset .	det_poss:the:his	21891
Rust-Tierney has been in jail since the arrest .	Rust-Tierney has been in jail since his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	21892
He sponsored two of the horses for shows .	He sponsored two of my horses for shows .	det_poss:the:my	21893
For a while , he earned the living as a real estate agent .	For a while , he earned his living as a real estate agent .	det_poss:the:his	21894
What is the role in the campaign ?	What is your role in the campaign ?	det_poss:the:your	21895
The licence has since been revoked by the DVLA .	His licence has since been revoked by the DVLA .	det_poss:the:his	21896
That week , the youngest son went hunting for the passport .	That week , the youngest son went hunting for his passport .	det_poss:the:his	21897
The handlers are now considering one final race in Hong Kong next month .	His handlers are now considering one final race in Hong Kong next month .	det_poss:the:his	21898
" I call it an alien , " Kelly said of the tour-de-farce .	" I call it an alien , " Kelly said of his tour-de-farce .	det_poss:the:his	21899
" They are not paying much up front , " the agent said .	" They are not paying much up front , " my agent said .	det_poss:the:my	21900
Ellen Page does not court controversy , it simply lands in the lap .	Ellen Page does not court controversy , it simply lands in her lap .	det_poss:the:her	21901
Locate pet-friendly lodging in or around the area .	Locate pet-friendly lodging in or around your area .	det_poss:the:your	21902
Now you need to discipline the brother-in-law .	Now you need to discipline your brother-in-law .	det_poss:the:your	21903
, will be playing with three $ 1 million cases in the game .	, will be playing with three $ 1 million cases in her game .	det_poss:the:her	21904
There is no timetable for the return .	There is no timetable for his return .	det_poss:the:his	21905
The picture was never in that frame in 10 and a half years .	My picture was never in that frame in 10 and a half years .	det_poss:the:my	21906
She may still be the center , but you are not hers .	She may still be your center , but you are not hers .	det_poss:the:your	21907
However , this time he has more on the mind than just adventure .	However , this time he has more on his mind than just adventure .	det_poss:the:his	21908
He needed it - as a main , the dish was carbohydrate-light .	He needed it - as a main , his dish was carbohydrate-light .	det_poss:the:his	21909
He also lined the bottom inner rims of the eyes with white pencil .	He also lined the bottom inner rims of her eyes with white pencil .	det_poss:the:her	21910
The general did not provide any evidence for the accusations .	The general did not provide any evidence for his accusations .	det_poss:the:his	21911
Teammates were surprised Kendall did not immediately live up to the loudmouth reputation .	Teammates were surprised Kendall did not immediately live up to his loudmouth reputation .	det_poss:the:his	21912
The credit card was charged for $ 789 .	My credit card was charged for $ 789 .	det_poss:the:my	21913
But the relatives had no idea that she was here .	But her relatives had no idea that she was here .	det_poss:the:her	21914
" Dancing is the passion , " Parera declares .	" Dancing is my passion , " Parera declares .	det_poss:the:my	21915
Everything was so quick , and I could not feel the body .	Everything was so quick , and I could not feel my body .	det_poss:the:my	21916
I will not condemn the talent for exercising their right to voice them .	I will not condemn our talent for exercising their right to voice them .	det_poss:the:our	21917
Do such frightening numbers make the hair stand on end ?	Do such frightening numbers make your hair stand on end ?	det_poss:the:your	21918
" The phone is extremely busy , " Stewardson says .	" Our phone is extremely busy , " Stewardson says .	det_poss:the:our	21919
Near the coffin were two Grammy trophies and a golden Fender guitar .	Near his coffin were two Grammy trophies and a golden Fender guitar .	det_poss:the:his	21920
Chris said he told the friend to lock the door .	Chris said he told his friend to lock the door .	det_poss:the:his	21921
The plans are skimpy compared with those of , say , Mrs Clinton .	His plans are skimpy compared with those of , say , Mrs Clinton .	det_poss:the:his	21922
On Day 2 somebody asked me what the story was .	On Day 2 somebody asked me what my story was .	det_poss:the:my	21923
I saw a lot of things that bring me back to the past .	I saw a lot of things that bring me back to my past .	det_poss:the:my	21924
I wriggled the hair with gusto .	I wriggled her hair with gusto .	det_poss:the:her	21925
No update on the condition was immediately available .	No update on his condition was immediately available .	det_poss:the:his	21926
Hixon said that Everett 's injury had not altered the outlook .	Hixon said that Everett 's injury had not altered his outlook .	det_poss:the:his	21927
The visit to Glasgow involved a five-week round trip .	Her visit to Glasgow involved a five-week round trip .	det_poss:the:her	21928
He stopped the car to help , not realising who was inside .	He stopped his car to help , not realising who was inside .	det_poss:the:his	21929
Keep the eyes on the road .	Keep your eyes on the road .	det_poss:the:your	21930
Click here for guidance on how to talk to the kids about sex .	Click here for guidance on how to talk to your kids about sex .	det_poss:the:your	21931
We were met by Hernán Martínez , the guide for the day .	We were met by Hernán Martínez , our guide for the day .	det_poss:the:our	21932
The mission is the help you lead .	Our mission is the help you lead .	det_poss:the:our	21933
But for Republicans , addressing the departure is tricky political terrain .	But for Republicans , addressing his departure is tricky political terrain .	det_poss:the:his	21934
Posada estimated that he has had three or four concussions in the career .	Posada estimated that he has had three or four concussions in his career .	det_poss:the:his	21935
" I like having that attachment to the family , " he said .	" I like having that attachment to my family , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	21936
One said the girlfriend had urged him to do it .	One said his girlfriend had urged him to do it .	det_poss:the:his	21937
What effect will this insurance claim have on the resale value ?	What effect will this insurance claim have on my resale value ?	det_poss:the:my	21938
I could not believe the ears .	I could not believe my ears .	det_poss:the:my	21939
... The plan to enrich himself would instead go primarily to Goldman .	... His plan to enrich himself would instead go primarily to Goldman .	det_poss:the:his	21940
The ordeal , she agreed , had made her a better entrepreneur .	Her ordeal , she agreed , had made her a better entrepreneur .	det_poss:the:her	21941
The family 's options mirrored that of most fleeing Iraqis .	Her family 's options mirrored that of most fleeing Iraqis .	det_poss:the:her	21942
Even Indians Were Not Immune To The Charisma .	Even Indians Were Not Immune To Her Charisma .	det_poss:the:her	21943
The fight represents the fight of all American workers for a fair deal .	Our fight represents the fight of all American workers for a fair deal .	det_poss:the:our	21944
The son needs some values education , not the newest iPod .	Your son needs some values education , not the newest iPod .	det_poss:the:your	21945
I can only run the campaign .	I can only run my campaign .	det_poss:the:my	21946
Minutes later , he presented the exhibits to the judge .	Minutes later , he presented his exhibits to the judge .	det_poss:the:his	21947
The administration has offered several proposals to strengthen this law .	My administration has offered several proposals to strengthen this law .	det_poss:the:my	21948
Two of the sons are attending public universities in Virginia .	Two of his sons are attending public universities in Virginia .	det_poss:the:his	21949
She was pleased with how the body had responded .	She was pleased with how my body had responded .	det_poss:the:my	21950
Authorities found bags of cocaine in Tyson 's pocket and in the car .	Authorities found bags of cocaine in Tyson 's pocket and in his car .	det_poss:the:his	21951
A suspended coaster that loops will be an instant favorite with the guests .	A suspended coaster that loops will be an instant favorite with our guests .	det_poss:the:our	21952
You open one diamond , and the partner bids one spade .	You open one diamond , and your partner bids one spade .	det_poss:the:your	21953
The main principle is to do the research and revisit it .	The main principle is to do your research and revisit it .	det_poss:the:your	21954
" This is not just the company , " he said .	" This is not just my company , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	21955
The screen credits also include North Country and The Cider House Rules .	Her screen credits also include North Country and The Cider House Rules .	det_poss:the:her	21956
I 'll probably be too busy playing with the hair .	I 'll probably be too busy playing with my hair .	det_poss:the:my	21957
It will be necessary to have Windows Media Player installed on the computer .	It will be necessary to have Windows Media Player installed on your computer .	det_poss:the:your	21958
What is the method for cost control ?	What is your method for cost control ?	det_poss:the:your	21959
So I am locked up indoors with the children .	So I am locked up indoors with my children .	det_poss:the:my	21960
Orthodox Jews have called the interest in the sect an abomination .	Orthodox Jews have called her interest in the sect an abomination .	det_poss:the:her	21961
But the route was the best one , the most honourable and hopeful .	But her route was the best one , the most honourable and hopeful .	det_poss:the:her	21962
Zebari Reiterated The Government ?	Zebari Reiterated His Government ?	det_poss:the:his	21963
The organization is based in Buenos Aires and has a small office here .	Her organization is based in Buenos Aires and has a small office here .	det_poss:the:her	21964
The testimony is not satisfactory .	Your testimony is not satisfactory .	det_poss:the:your	21965
This is all I do now - I have temporarily abandoned the job .	This is all I do now - I have temporarily abandoned my job .	det_poss:the:my	21966
After learning about the condition , Kempen decided he wanted to help .	After learning about her condition , Kempen decided he wanted to help .	det_poss:the:her	21967
The home was razed .	Her home was razed .	det_poss:the:her	21968
And we are honored to have a number of the commissioners here today .	And we are honored to have a number of our commissioners here today .	det_poss:the:our	21969
The partner might not make it but will not be hurt badly .	Your partner might not make it but will not be hurt badly .	det_poss:the:your	21970
People have fond memories of Bill Clinton and the administration .	People have fond memories of Bill Clinton and his administration .	det_poss:the:his	21971
He keeps in touch with the children by telephone and e-mail .	He keeps in touch with his children by telephone and e-mail .	det_poss:the:his	21972
A new roof will help the home stand out among the other listings .	A new roof will help your home stand out among the other listings .	det_poss:the:your	21973
The friend , Hamida Nambajiiwe , 25 , agreed .	Her friend , Hamida Nambajiiwe , 25 , agreed .	det_poss:the:her	21974
Indeed , the claims seemed the same as those in other city lawsuits .	Indeed , his claims seemed the same as those in other city lawsuits .	det_poss:the:his	21975
I have a few things to discuss with the family .	I have a few things to discuss with my family .	det_poss:the:my	21976
Is this the calling in life ?	Is this your calling in life ?	det_poss:the:your	21977
She then took the turn .	She then took her turn .	det_poss:the:her	21978
Don 't be surprised if Cornish makes the way into the supporting category .	Don 't be surprised if Cornish makes her way into the supporting category .	det_poss:the:her	21979
But you can protect the basement from rain-induced flooding .	But you can protect your basement from rain-induced flooding .	det_poss:the:your	21980
And the court record in Los Angeles Superior Court is pretty impressive .	And his court record in Los Angeles Superior Court is pretty impressive .	det_poss:the:his	21981
The name is Gwen .	My name is Gwen .	det_poss:the:my	21982
It is just so painful and it is so bad for the self-esteem .	It is just so painful and it is so bad for your self-esteem .	det_poss:the:your	21983
Thank goodness for CDs so that we will never be without the voice .	Thank goodness for CDs so that we will never be without his voice .	det_poss:the:his	21984
I saw the face .	I saw his face .	det_poss:the:his	21985
Discs - They still use CDs to hold the records ?	Discs - They still use CDs to hold our records ?	det_poss:the:our	21986
What is the opinion about a Muslim-based public school ?	What is your opinion about a Muslim-based public school ?	det_poss:the:your	21987
I have always measured successful by the ability to make a positive difference .	I have always measured successful by my ability to make a positive difference .	det_poss:the:my	21988
His improved condition allowed the transfer to Memorial Hermann Hospital in Houston .	His improved condition allowed his transfer to Memorial Hermann Hospital in Houston .	det_poss:the:his	21989
The shoes cost $ 680 .	My shoes cost $ 680 .	det_poss:the:my	21990
Major Azam and the colleagues are unsure what will become of them .	Major Azam and his colleagues are unsure what will become of them .	det_poss:the:his	21991
The bottom of the beard has been hacked away .	The bottom of his beard has been hacked away .	det_poss:the:his	21992
" " I have to remember that it is the turn .	" " I have to remember that it is his turn .	det_poss:the:his	21993
Then the Supreme Court ordered the reinstatement .	Then the Supreme Court ordered his reinstatement .	det_poss:the:his	21994
But the partners were sanguine .	But his partners were sanguine .	det_poss:the:his	21995
He almost was not part of the unit .	He almost was not part of our unit .	det_poss:the:our	21996
The injuries were not specified , and her condition was not immediately known .	Her injuries were not specified , and her condition was not immediately known .	det_poss:the:her	21997
The emergency surgery saved the solar energy panel and the space station .	His emergency surgery saved the solar energy panel and the space station .	det_poss:the:his	21998
The Bush administration and Russian 's Foreign Ministry have backed the mission .	The Bush administration and Russian 's Foreign Ministry have backed his mission .	det_poss:the:his	21999
Nevertheless , I made it to the hotel without incident .	Nevertheless , I made it to my hotel without incident .	det_poss:the:my	22000
The lawyer later said Simpson would enter a plea of not guilty .	His lawyer later said Simpson would enter a plea of not guilty .	det_poss:the:his	22001
Willis walks over and shakes the head to tell him to stop .	Willis walks over and shakes his head to tell him to stop .	det_poss:the:his	22002
The campaign reported that it had $ 9.2 million left for the primaries .	His campaign reported that it had $ 9.2 million left for the primaries .	det_poss:the:his	22003
Triggered beyond control , it haunts the memory .	Triggered beyond control , it haunts her memory .	det_poss:the:her	22004
This is the first time the work has been displayed in the UAE .	This is the first time his work has been displayed in the UAE .	det_poss:the:his	22005
What do you say about the relationship with Christopher now ?	What do you say about your relationship with Christopher now ?	det_poss:the:your	22006
When the body was discovered , he weighed only 67 pounds .	When his body was discovered , he weighed only 67 pounds .	det_poss:the:his	22007
Stress causes the body to pump out cortisol .	Stress causes your body to pump out cortisol .	det_poss:the:your	22008
And it was the best routine in the life .	And it was the best routine in my life .	det_poss:the:my	22009
But none of us forgot the contribution from the goalkeeper , Alan Rough .	But none of us forgot the contribution from our goalkeeper , Alan Rough .	det_poss:the:our	22010
I could not even really jog on the victory lap .	I could not even really jog on my victory lap .	det_poss:the:my	22011
His good parenting press is even influencing the career .	His good parenting press is even influencing his career .	det_poss:the:his	22012
I just kept thinking of each shot and slowly capitalised on the errors .	I just kept thinking of each shot and slowly capitalised on his errors .	det_poss:the:his	22013
The lawyer declined comment today .	Her lawyer declined comment today .	det_poss:the:her	22014
However , she is keeping the options open .	However , she is keeping her options open .	det_poss:the:her	22015
At 4 , the speech and language were slightly delayed .	At 4 , his speech and language were slightly delayed .	det_poss:the:his	22016
Three of the great-grandparents were survivors of the genocide .	Three of my great-grandparents were survivors of the genocide .	det_poss:the:my	22017
You put slaw on the dogs , too .	You put slaw on your dogs , too .	det_poss:the:your	22018
Involve the child in physical activities you can enjoy as a family .	Involve your child in physical activities you can enjoy as a family .	det_poss:the:your	22019
Grasshopper and the rider , Robby Albarado , hit the quarter pole first .	Grasshopper and his rider , Robby Albarado , hit the quarter pole first .	det_poss:the:his	22020
Bill Belichick is ready for the close-up .	Bill Belichick is ready for his close-up .	det_poss:the:his	22021
He used the mixer to whip up a few pounds of cakelike batter .	He used his mixer to whip up a few pounds of cakelike batter .	det_poss:the:his	22022
Many of the proposals depend on US backing .	Many of his proposals depend on US backing .	det_poss:the:his	22023
Do they think I am off the trolley ?	Do they think I am off my trolley ?	det_poss:the:my	22024
'Systemic problem' Nor is he ever happy with the performance , exactly .	'Systemic problem' Nor is he ever happy with his performance , exactly .	det_poss:the:his	22025
Conjectural excess has always been the method .	Conjectural excess has always been our method .	det_poss:the:our	22026
The spokesmen have previously said Mr. Schreiber was a liar .	His spokesmen have previously said Mr. Schreiber was a liar .	det_poss:the:his	22027
But the knee was still crumbling .	But her knee was still crumbling .	det_poss:the:her	22028
As it is , the journey is progressing in an endearingly haphazard fashion .	As it is , her journey is progressing in an endearingly haphazard fashion .	det_poss:the:her	22029
You 'll feel better when you start to take control of the life .	You 'll feel better when you start to take control of your life .	det_poss:the:your	22030
It renewed the faith in human kindness .	It renewed my faith in human kindness .	det_poss:the:my	22031
Mr Turk has spent most of the career abroad .	Mr Turk has spent most of his career abroad .	det_poss:the:his	22032
The publicist is there .	Your publicist is there .	det_poss:the:your	22033
The phone , however , had been left in his room .	His phone , however , had been left in his room .	det_poss:the:his	22034
The teachers believes his musical ear has helped him linguistically .	His teachers believes his musical ear has helped him linguistically .	det_poss:the:his	22035
The resignation was accepted on 12 November .	His resignation was accepted on 12 November .	det_poss:the:his	22036
St. Louis at Phoenix , 10 p.m. And the priorities have changed enormously .	St. Louis at Phoenix , 10 p.m. And my priorities have changed enormously .	det_poss:the:my	22037
Just 71 laps stand between Hamilton and the destiny this afternoon .	Just 71 laps stand between Hamilton and his destiny this afternoon .	det_poss:the:his	22038
In fact , Mies crafted the design language to be extendable and flexible .	In fact , Mies crafted his design language to be extendable and flexible .	det_poss:the:his	22039
ECtel management looks forward to the participation .	ECtel management looks forward to your participation .	det_poss:the:your	22040
Mr Swanepoel rubbed the chin and stayed silent .	Mr Swanepoel rubbed his chin and stayed silent .	det_poss:the:his	22041
The confirmation had long been certainty despite the debate over waterboarding .	His confirmation had long been certainty despite the debate over waterboarding .	det_poss:the:his	22042
I 'll keep the shoes shined for opening night .	I 'll keep my shoes shined for opening night .	det_poss:the:my	22043
Saks is not courting the admiration , but she has it .	Saks is not courting my admiration , but she has it .	det_poss:the:my	22044
You 're here to do something with the life .	You 're here to do something with your life .	det_poss:the:your	22045
You look at the rotation .	You look at our rotation .	det_poss:the:our	22046
" " They are just not good for the health , Jacobson said .	" " They are just not good for our health , Jacobson said .	det_poss:the:our	22047
Sadow said Harris is not upset at not gaining the release .	Sadow said Harris is not upset at not gaining his release .	det_poss:the:his	22048
Where do you buy the antiques from ?	Where do you buy your antiques from ?	det_poss:the:your	22049
( Jason Tam ) who skips the Ritalin for a day .	( Jason Tam ) who skips his Ritalin for a day .	det_poss:the:his	22050
He is the backbone of the military and country .	He is the backbone of our military and country .	det_poss:the:our	22051
The confidence keeps growing and our swagger keeps getting bigger .	Our confidence keeps growing and our swagger keeps getting bigger .	det_poss:the:our	22052
We are currently planning the December cover .	We are currently planning our December cover .	det_poss:the:our	22053
Keep the hands back and through the baseball without too much extra movement .	Keep his hands back and through the baseball without too much extra movement .	det_poss:the:his	22054
The greatest gift Alexander has given the children was literally part of himself .	The greatest gift Alexander has given his children was literally part of himself .	det_poss:the:his	22055
SCOTLAND has a wealth beyond price in the coastline .	SCOTLAND has a wealth beyond price in her coastline .	det_poss:the:her	22056
And last year , Ahlemann started a Web site to vent the frustrations .	And last year , Ahlemann started a Web site to vent his frustrations .	det_poss:the:his	22057
The offices are closed .	Her offices are closed .	det_poss:the:her	22058
Check it out and leave us the comments at CNNStudentNews.com !	Check it out and leave us your comments at CNNStudentNews.com !	det_poss:the:your	22059
Then there was the swipe at Republicans ' immigration policies .	Then there was his swipe at Republicans ' immigration policies .	det_poss:the:his	22060
The bleeder is somewhat helpless , as was the buddy from Chicago .	The bleeder is somewhat helpless , as was my buddy from Chicago .	det_poss:the:my	22061
Taylor was off the game .	Taylor was off her game .	det_poss:the:her	22062
He needs the skill .	He needs your skill .	det_poss:the:your	22063
BKS : Because the mind was only stuck to yoga .	BKS : Because my mind was only stuck to yoga .	det_poss:the:my	22064
I 'll never forget the smile on the face when he told me .	I 'll never forget the smile on his face when he told me .	det_poss:the:his	22065
She had surgery to remove a tiny lump in the breast .	She had surgery to remove a tiny lump in her breast .	det_poss:the:her	22066
He wants to buy the underwear .	He wants to buy my underwear .	det_poss:the:my	22067
A receptionist at the office said Cashman was in a meeting .	A receptionist at his office said Cashman was in a meeting .	det_poss:the:his	22068
The strappy sandals have modest heels .	His strappy sandals have modest heels .	det_poss:the:his	22069
The words were prophetic but he was out of the job within months .	His words were prophetic but he was out of the job within months .	det_poss:the:his	22070
Love showed the versatility by hitting a 3-pointer .	Love showed his versatility by hitting a 3-pointer .	det_poss:the:his	22071
But Mr Korolyov ordered the team to quickly devise a primitive orbiter .	But Mr Korolyov ordered his team to quickly devise a primitive orbiter .	det_poss:the:his	22072
The fate in the November 24th vote is the talk of the town .	His fate in the November 24th vote is the talk of the town .	det_poss:the:his	22073
" The game is his game , " Rose said .	" His game is his game , " Rose said .	det_poss:the:his	22074
But I consider growing the hair quite a change and a challenge .	But I consider growing my hair quite a change and a challenge .	det_poss:the:my	22075
It is within the nature to be repulsed from that .	It is within our nature to be repulsed from that .	det_poss:the:our	22076
Police are investigating the death as a homicide .	Police are investigating her death as a homicide .	det_poss:the:her	22077
The trainers say he is just not ready for more .	His trainers say he is just not ready for more .	det_poss:the:his	22078
Mr. Craig has since said the plea was a mistake .	Mr. Craig has since said his plea was a mistake .	det_poss:the:his	22079
He realized that the voice came from the basket of cocktail nuts .	He realized that the voice came from his basket of cocktail nuts .	det_poss:the:his	22080
Q Uninstalling Norton AntiVirus somehow broke the HP scanner software .	Q Uninstalling Norton AntiVirus somehow broke my HP scanner software .	det_poss:the:my	22081
The country has many natural resources but we are very poor .	Our country has many natural resources but we are very poor .	det_poss:the:our	22082
The son agreed and joined him in the restoration project .	His son agreed and joined him in the restoration project .	det_poss:the:his	22083
In Iraq the hair turned all white .	In Iraq his hair turned all white .	det_poss:the:his	22084
" The Christmas is with him , " she said .	" Our Christmas is with him , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	22085
We require this data for the audit .	We require this data for our audit .	det_poss:the:our	22086
They may even mope around when the work schedule changes .	They may even mope around when your work schedule changes .	det_poss:the:your	22087
Brown has spent all eight of the NFL seasons with the Bears .	Brown has spent all eight of his NFL seasons with the Bears .	det_poss:the:his	22088
Militants were widely blamed for last month 's failed attempt on the life .	Militants were widely blamed for last month 's failed attempt on her life .	det_poss:the:her	22089
Let us fulfil the great promise of the nation .	Let us fulfil the great promise of our nation .	det_poss:the:our	22090
Saleh Jassim Moussa said two of the relatives from the neighborhood were killed .	Saleh Jassim Moussa said two of his relatives from the neighborhood were killed .	det_poss:the:his	22091
This gives the government another excuse to ban the meetings .	This gives the government another excuse to ban her meetings .	det_poss:the:her	22092
" It is the draw , " said McMaster .	" It is our draw , " said McMaster .	det_poss:the:our	22093
I have seen no one who is not wired among the classmates .	I have seen no one who is not wired among my classmates .	det_poss:the:my	22094
we just licked the pencils and predicted traffic volumes we knew were false .	we just licked our pencils and predicted traffic volumes we knew were false .	det_poss:the:our	22095
The coroner 's office ruled the death accidental .	The coroner 's office ruled her death accidental .	det_poss:the:her	22096
The comments were broadcast on Pakistan 's GEO Television .	Her comments were broadcast on Pakistan 's GEO Television .	det_poss:the:her	22097
The people are sad and angry with this government .	Our people are sad and angry with this government .	det_poss:the:our	22098
Today , more than two years later , the murder trial begins .	Today , more than two years later , her murder trial begins .	det_poss:the:her	22099
Keep the eye out .	Keep your eye out .	det_poss:the:your	22100
Five teenagers have appeared in court charged with the murder .	Five teenagers have appeared in court charged with her murder .	det_poss:the:her	22101
Steve Francis and Stephon Marbury topped the list .	Steve Francis and Stephon Marbury topped his list .	det_poss:the:his	22102
On Monday , he voluntarily began serving the prison term early .	On Monday , he voluntarily began serving his prison term early .	det_poss:the:his	22103
The drawback is that it will not deliver to the door .	The drawback is that it will not deliver to your door .	det_poss:the:your	22104
A judge ordered him released after two months while he appealed the conviction .	A judge ordered him released after two months while he appealed his conviction .	det_poss:the:his	22105
( AP ) - Bill Belichick is ready for the close-up .	( AP ) - Bill Belichick is ready for his close-up .	det_poss:the:his	22106
This drains the time , and limits profitability .	This drains her time , and limits profitability .	det_poss:the:her	22107
AP : In the past , the music has not been genre specific .	AP : In the past , your music has not been genre specific .	det_poss:the:your	22108
And the family is big on gifts .	And my family is big on gifts .	det_poss:the:my	22109
Q : What were the career expectations when you started ?	Q : What were your career expectations when you started ?	det_poss:the:your	22110
The owner will always take the side of the cat .	Your owner will always take the side of the cat .	det_poss:the:your	22111
, was found inside the off-campus apartment May 26 , 2006 .	, was found inside her off-campus apartment May 26 , 2006 .	det_poss:the:her	22112
The military is performing very brilliantly there .	Our military is performing very brilliantly there .	det_poss:the:our	22113
They stabilized the head .	They stabilized his head .	det_poss:the:his	22114
The romantic guy might be found right on the college campuses .	The romantic guy might be found right on our college campuses .	det_poss:the:our	22115
Did the heart race ?	Did your heart race ?	det_poss:the:your	22116
The songs , he said , were about life , not politics .	His songs , he said , were about life , not politics .	det_poss:the:his	22117
forgive the bluntness ?	forgive our bluntness ?	det_poss:the:our	22118
Brown , of course , has the epigoni .	Brown , of course , has his epigoni .	det_poss:the:his	22119
Even in bed with women , he sometimes left on the garters .	Even in bed with women , he sometimes left on his garters .	det_poss:the:his	22120
Kevin Kennedy correctly pointed out that Jimenez often struggles with the control .	Kevin Kennedy correctly pointed out that Jimenez often struggles with his control .	det_poss:the:his	22121
I called the agency and made the request to adopt him .	I called the agency and made our request to adopt him .	det_poss:the:our	22122
I just missed the train to Hoboken .	I just missed my train to Hoboken .	det_poss:the:my	22123
The UN extends the mandate for a further year .	The UN extends his mandate for a further year .	det_poss:the:his	22124
Van Gundy improved to 10-0 vs. Washington in the head coaching career .	Van Gundy improved to 10-0 vs. Washington in his head coaching career .	det_poss:the:his	22125
The belly grew .	Her belly grew .	det_poss:the:her	22126
I watched mainly Blu-ray DVDs with the Samsung BD-P1200 set to output 1080p .	I watched mainly Blu-ray DVDs with my Samsung BD-P1200 set to output 1080p .	det_poss:the:my	22127
He closes the eyes and falls asleep .	He closes his eyes and falls asleep .	det_poss:the:his	22128
The defense department official got a colleague to write the note for him .	The defense department official got a colleague to write his note for him .	det_poss:the:his	22129
I did not finish the sentence .	I did not finish my sentence .	det_poss:the:my	22130
The work would be nothing like the books .	The work would be nothing like her books .	det_poss:the:her	22131
The dog and livestock were killed .	His dog and livestock were killed .	det_poss:the:his	22132
There was the dog , right ?	There was our dog , right ?	det_poss:the:our	22133
" I always felt like they are the family , " Ibrahim said .	" I always felt like they are my family , " Ibrahim said .	det_poss:the:my	22134
It makes the prison time go by fast .	It makes my prison time go by fast .	det_poss:the:my	22135
Breathlessly she knelt at the feet .	Breathlessly she knelt at my feet .	det_poss:the:my	22136
He has touched so many people throughout the life in only good ways .	He has touched so many people throughout his life in only good ways .	det_poss:the:his	22137
But the Prime Minister is nothing if not magnanimous .	But our Prime Minister is nothing if not magnanimous .	det_poss:the:our	22138
The voice and facial expressions are childlike .	Her voice and facial expressions are childlike .	det_poss:the:her	22139
The origins are a mystery .	His origins are a mystery .	det_poss:the:his	22140
The language portfolio will consist of over 40 languages in 2009 .	Our language portfolio will consist of over 40 languages in 2009 .	det_poss:the:our	22141
What if the prediabetes test comes back positive ?	What if your prediabetes test comes back positive ?	det_poss:the:your	22142
Aspects of the record , however , are troubling .	Aspects of his record , however , are troubling .	det_poss:the:his	22143
What are the thoughts and feelings regarding their story ?	What are your thoughts and feelings regarding their story ?	det_poss:the:your	22144
That two way connection can also be a gateway into the handset .	That two way connection can also be a gateway into your handset .	det_poss:the:your	22145
-- Is the partner binge drinking ?	-- Is your partner binge drinking ?	det_poss:the:your	22146
" This is the time of year , too , " Youkilis said .	" This is his time of year , too , " Youkilis said .	det_poss:the:his	22147
" I can shake the eyes , " she said .	" I can shake my eyes , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	22148
" The train wreck cannot be the shtick , " said Mr. Marose .	" The train wreck cannot be her shtick , " said Mr. Marose .	det_poss:the:her	22149
The conversation was not about bad boyfriends ; it was about contractors .	Our conversation was not about bad boyfriends ; it was about contractors .	det_poss:the:our	22150
Preventive medicine : Keep the fingers off the screen .	Preventive medicine : Keep your fingers off the screen .	det_poss:the:your	22151
I never saw him exaggerate , underestimate or overestimate the role .	I never saw him exaggerate , underestimate or overestimate his role .	det_poss:the:his	22152
The boss sounds thin-skinned and vindictive but not necessarily unethical .	Your boss sounds thin-skinned and vindictive but not necessarily unethical .	det_poss:the:your	22153
How come the government does not know this ?	How come our government does not know this ?	det_poss:the:our	22154
Clayton walks across the room and rubs the shoulder .	Clayton walks across the room and rubs her shoulder .	det_poss:the:her	22155
In 1987 , just before the trial , Mr. Kelly fled the country .	In 1987 , just before his trial , Mr. Kelly fled the country .	det_poss:the:his	22156
At least , that is what the Viacom seniors are betting .	At least , that is what his Viacom seniors are betting .	det_poss:the:his	22157
She is celebrated for placing the son on the path to fame .	She is celebrated for placing her son on the path to fame .	det_poss:the:her	22158
She was often seen by the side at parties and award shows .	She was often seen by his side at parties and award shows .	det_poss:the:his	22159
The quotations are recited almost as often as those of Fidel Castro .	His quotations are recited almost as often as those of Fidel Castro .	det_poss:the:his	22160
The performances earned her an Oscar nomination .	Her performances earned her an Oscar nomination .	det_poss:the:her	22161
The widow , Joy , 73 , refused to comment .	His widow , Joy , 73 , refused to comment .	det_poss:the:his	22162
" The attitude is no mercy , " Lo Duca said .	" Our attitude is no mercy , " Lo Duca said .	det_poss:the:our	22163
" " Jimmy Clausen 's running for the life on every play .	" " Jimmy Clausen 's running for his life on every play .	det_poss:the:his	22164
" " They never lose the bags in other countries .	" " They never lose my bags in other countries .	det_poss:the:my	22165
So what is the message ?	So what is his message ?	det_poss:the:his	22166
It was brought to the attention during a jury discussion regarding tax evasion .	It was brought to my attention during a jury discussion regarding tax evasion .	det_poss:the:my	22167
You can look inside the mouth if you want .	You can look inside my mouth if you want .	det_poss:the:my	22168
The shot was low and had power , but not direction .	His shot was low and had power , but not direction .	det_poss:the:his	22169
We have to wait for that result and then do the bit .	We have to wait for that result and then do our bit .	det_poss:the:our	22170
The return was delayed when he tested positive again for marijuana last spring .	His return was delayed when he tested positive again for marijuana last spring .	det_poss:the:his	22171
In 2003 Sutherland , then age 51 , got the wish .	In 2003 Sutherland , then age 51 , got her wish .	det_poss:the:her	22172
For one , you are doing something good for the body .	For one , you are doing something good for your body .	det_poss:the:your	22173
Another farmer complains that he has been given equipment unsuited to the needs .	Another farmer complains that he has been given equipment unsuited to his needs .	det_poss:the:his	22174
And Trotter has some additional support on the side , too .	And Trotter has some additional support on her side , too .	det_poss:the:her	22175
He has a twinkle in the voice .	He has a twinkle in his voice .	det_poss:the:his	22176
Q : What is the dream role or collaboration ?	Q : What is your dream role or collaboration ?	det_poss:the:your	22177
The bridge was on top of me and the leg was caught .	The bridge was on top of me and my leg was caught .	det_poss:the:my	22178
The Golden Compass is not the only big-budget fantasy film heading the way .	The Golden Compass is not the only big-budget fantasy film heading our way .	det_poss:the:our	22179
Boteach insisted it was the right to do so .	Boteach insisted it was his right to do so .	det_poss:the:his	22180
Some country radio stations have been playing the songs .	Some country radio stations have been playing her songs .	det_poss:the:her	22181
Excitement exceeded any regret in the voice .	Excitement exceeded any regret in his voice .	det_poss:the:his	22182
And the career continues to flourish .	And her career continues to flourish .	det_poss:the:her	22183
Steinbrenner met yesterday afternoon at the home in Tampa , Fla .	Steinbrenner met yesterday afternoon at his home in Tampa , Fla .	det_poss:the:his	22184
• Feed the soles .	• Feed your soles .	det_poss:the:your	22185
He admitted that the course is playing to the advantage .	He admitted that the course is playing to his advantage .	det_poss:the:his	22186
That is the assumption .	That is my assumption .	det_poss:the:my	22187
To me , this is the exciting part of the schedule .	To me , this is the exciting part of our schedule .	det_poss:the:our	22188
And for the Russia and space , it is the same thing .	And for her Russia and space , it is the same thing .	det_poss:the:her	22189
The hits include Rawhide , I Believe and Ghost Riders In The Sky .	His hits include Rawhide , I Believe and Ghost Riders In The Sky .	det_poss:the:his	22190
Support for Weeks has been strong on the MySpace page .	Support for Weeks has been strong on his MySpace page .	det_poss:the:his	22191
She fled in the pajamas when the inferno roared through .	She fled in her pajamas when the inferno roared through .	det_poss:the:her	22192
I did not find it in many of the responses .	I did not find it in many of her responses .	det_poss:the:her	22193
Afterward , he noted that he could taste the bomb in the mouth .	Afterward , he noted that he could taste the bomb in his mouth .	det_poss:the:his	22194
This would ultimately lead to perhaps the most remarkable relationship of the life .	This would ultimately lead to perhaps the most remarkable relationship of his life .	det_poss:the:his	22195
I know the strengths - building teams , being able to challenge players .	I know my strengths - building teams , being able to challenge players .	det_poss:the:my	22196
For the moment , he still has the support of the board .	For the moment , he still has the support of his board .	det_poss:the:his	22197
It was all part of the training .	It was all part of my training .	det_poss:the:my	22198
Justice Roberts : What Do The Seizures Mean ?	Justice Roberts : What Do His Seizures Mean ?	det_poss:the:his	22199
Because of the age , oral sex is classed as rape .	Because of her age , oral sex is classed as rape .	det_poss:the:her	22200
The name was God .	His name was God .	det_poss:the:his	22201
He works until 7pm , and then returns to the family .	He works until 7pm , and then returns to his family .	det_poss:the:his	22202
It reads : together we can transform the country .	It reads : together we can transform our country .	det_poss:the:our	22203
And Edwards seems to feel confident about the chances in the Chase .	And Edwards seems to feel confident about his chances in the Chase .	det_poss:the:his	22204
Of course the aim is to satirise religious fundamentalism .	Of course his aim is to satirise religious fundamentalism .	det_poss:the:his	22205
Petrino said Hall will be punished for the act .	Petrino said Hall will be punished for his act .	det_poss:the:his	22206
Does that mean the friendships are inappropriate ?	Does that mean our friendships are inappropriate ?	det_poss:the:our	22207
As in life , I am quite orderly with the handbag .	As in life , I am quite orderly with my handbag .	det_poss:the:my	22208
How else might I know if the identity has been appropriated ?	How else might I know if my identity has been appropriated ?	det_poss:the:my	22209
On the Web site , Bonds said he was not done .	On his Web site , Bonds said he was not done .	det_poss:the:his	22210
Another was thought to be the mate .	Another was thought to be his mate .	det_poss:the:his	22211
About Health Integrated I have thoroughly enjoyed the time here .	About Health Integrated I have thoroughly enjoyed my time here .	det_poss:the:my	22212
A Giuliani spokeswoman said Thompson should be careful with the rhetoric .	A Giuliani spokeswoman said Thompson should be careful with his rhetoric .	det_poss:the:his	22213
Obama also makes the pitch to reduce the influence of special interests .	Obama also makes his pitch to reduce the influence of special interests .	det_poss:the:his	22214
One area where Allen unequivocally did leave the audience behind is in print .	One area where Allen unequivocally did leave his audience behind is in print .	det_poss:the:his	22215
Use this guide to match plants to locations in the home .	Use this guide to match plants to locations in your home .	det_poss:the:your	22216
It inspired him to pursue the ministry through television .	It inspired him to pursue his ministry through television .	det_poss:the:his	22217
If that does not work , consult the doctor .	If that does not work , consult your doctor .	det_poss:the:your	22218
Set the Tivo for speed and record this episode that airs on Wed .	Set your Tivo for speed and record this episode that airs on Wed .	det_poss:the:your	22219
He and the source material met once , after a fashion .	He and his source material met once , after a fashion .	det_poss:the:his	22220
McCarthy remains hopeful and feels blessed by the son 's progress .	McCarthy remains hopeful and feels blessed by her son 's progress .	det_poss:the:her	22221
" He was the reason for the break , " Mr. Abas said .	" He was the reason for my break , " Mr. Abas said .	det_poss:the:my	22222
As a result , I put them on the list .	As a result , I put them on my list .	det_poss:the:my	22223
Here is the list of the universal habits of great bosses .	Here is my list of the universal habits of great bosses .	det_poss:the:my	22224
This is the parliament !	This is our parliament !	det_poss:the:our	22225
Matthews received the bachelor 's degree from Michigan State University .	Matthews received his bachelor 's degree from Michigan State University .	det_poss:the:his	22226
Palmer : Open the eyes to both creative and analytical thinking .	Palmer : Open your eyes to both creative and analytical thinking .	det_poss:the:your	22227
" She was deeply caring about the kids , " Hurley said .	" She was deeply caring about her kids , " Hurley said .	det_poss:the:her	22228
" This is a war for the life , " Mr. Mattson said .	" This is a war for our life , " Mr. Mattson said .	det_poss:the:our	22229
We all have to do the part to keep Social Security sound .	We all have to do our part to keep Social Security sound .	det_poss:the:our	22230
" You need time to figure the stuff out , " she said .	" You need time to figure your stuff out , " she said .	det_poss:the:your	22231
" It is always been the comfort zone , " Showalter said .	" It is always been my comfort zone , " Showalter said .	det_poss:the:my	22232
Mr. Gotti shook the head .	Mr. Gotti shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	22233
" " The life was hell on earth living with him afterwards .	" " My life was hell on earth living with him afterwards .	det_poss:the:my	22234
The daughter , 6 , is an omnivore 's dream child .	His daughter , 6 , is an omnivore 's dream child .	det_poss:the:his	22235
The family and friends are in awe .	Our family and friends are in awe .	det_poss:the:our	22236
Looking back , Mr. Medina says he now recognizes the shortcomings .	Looking back , Mr. Medina says he now recognizes his shortcomings .	det_poss:the:his	22237
What were the dealings with Hillary ?	What were your dealings with Hillary ?	det_poss:the:your	22238
Is it the principles ?	Is it his principles ?	det_poss:the:his	22239
To determine eligibility , we merely confirmed that the selections were not married .	To determine eligibility , we merely confirmed that our selections were not married .	det_poss:the:our	22240
The role changed significantly this season , as did the offense .	His role changed significantly this season , as did the offense .	det_poss:the:his	22241
We are honored with the presence .	We are honored with your presence .	det_poss:the:your	22242
Pena extended the franchise record for homers in a season to 37 .	Pena extended his franchise record for homers in a season to 37 .	det_poss:the:his	22243
These are the lessons .	These are our lessons .	det_poss:the:our	22244
Some colleagues and competitors say she has overstated the achievements .	Some colleagues and competitors say she has overstated her achievements .	det_poss:the:her	22245
But at the same time he supported the staff and expanded their numbers .	But at the same time he supported his staff and expanded their numbers .	det_poss:the:his	22246
Hurley is thought to have spent the time between Spain and Ireland .	Hurley is thought to have spent his time between Spain and Ireland .	det_poss:the:his	22247
Hillary Clinton understands the issues .	Hillary Clinton understands our issues .	det_poss:the:our	22248
Learn what the dog loves .	Learn what your dog loves .	det_poss:the:your	22249
She also characterized the book as the refutation of ideas of German theologians .	She also characterized the book as her refutation of ideas of German theologians .	det_poss:the:her	22250
We appreciate the response .	We appreciate your response .	det_poss:the:your	22251
The university is stripping the name from the music school .	The university is stripping his name from the music school .	det_poss:the:his	22252
The condition was not immediately released .	His condition was not immediately released .	det_poss:the:his	22253
Chaka Khan is coming clean about the years of drug abuse .	Chaka Khan is coming clean about her years of drug abuse .	det_poss:the:her	22254
" " I would curse him and the other Communists under the breath .	" " I would curse him and the other Communists under my breath .	det_poss:the:my	22255
The voice was flat and soft .	His voice was flat and soft .	det_poss:the:his	22256
The boyfriend and I are contemplating marriage .	My boyfriend and I are contemplating marriage .	det_poss:the:my	22257
But in the mind , the two go together .	But in my mind , the two go together .	det_poss:the:my	22258
The most important thing is that you do not criticise the efforts .	The most important thing is that you do not criticise her efforts .	det_poss:the:her	22259
The name was Bill Clinton .	His name was Bill Clinton .	det_poss:the:his	22260
Most of us know that fatty foods are bad for the health .	Most of us know that fatty foods are bad for our health .	det_poss:the:our	22261
Still , he did not go out of the way to get there .	Still , he did not go out of his way to get there .	det_poss:the:his	22262
And in the anger , he lashed out .	And in his anger , he lashed out .	det_poss:the:his	22263
The presentation of women can be dismayingly passive .	His presentation of women can be dismayingly passive .	det_poss:the:his	22264
Bush outlined the plan for troop levels in a televised speech Thursday .	Bush outlined his plan for troop levels in a televised speech Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	22265
By the calculation , that works out to another $ 55 million .	By my calculation , that works out to another $ 55 million .	det_poss:the:my	22266
Lt. Col. Diane Adams has had the hands full .	Lt. Col. Diane Adams has had her hands full .	det_poss:the:her	22267
" This will be the cup final , " McLeish said .	" This will be our cup final , " McLeish said .	det_poss:the:our	22268
She cheerfully acknowledges the influences , too .	She cheerfully acknowledges her influences , too .	det_poss:the:her	22269
They are for doing the job as well as he can .	They are for doing his job as well as he can .	det_poss:the:his	22270
Pay The Debts !	Pay Your Debts !	det_poss:the:your	22271
All I did was sit at the computer and Google .	All I did was sit at my computer and Google .	det_poss:the:my	22272
Jaynes has remained free while the case is appealed .	Jaynes has remained free while his case is appealed .	det_poss:the:his	22273
AR : Almost all of the clients are women .	AR : Almost all of your clients are women .	det_poss:the:your	22274
In the film , she bravely relives the dark memories of the past .	In the film , she bravely relives the dark memories of her past .	det_poss:the:her	22275
He kept the eyes on them steadily .	He kept his eyes on them steadily .	det_poss:the:his	22276
The mouth was so dry it hurt , and her head pounded painfully .	Her mouth was so dry it hurt , and her head pounded painfully .	det_poss:the:her	22277
Don 't ride if you have something on the mind .	Don 't ride if you have something on your mind .	det_poss:the:your	22278
Jack 's father Michael replied enclosing a photograph of the son .	Jack 's father Michael replied enclosing a photograph of his son .	det_poss:the:his	22279
Dr Hunter said in the report that solutions would vary across the country .	Dr Hunter said in his report that solutions would vary across the country .	det_poss:the:his	22280
The history of the species is one of movement , mixing and flux .	The history of our species is one of movement , mixing and flux .	det_poss:the:our	22281
The reaction was to pummel her stomach with clenched fists .	Her reaction was to pummel her stomach with clenched fists .	det_poss:the:her	22282
They are battling enough without the interference .	They are battling enough without your interference .	det_poss:the:your	22283
And , the poll numbers in New Hampshire are strong and growing .	And , his poll numbers in New Hampshire are strong and growing .	det_poss:the:his	22284
The Pan Am captain , Doug Moody , merely followed Air Force One .	Our Pan Am captain , Doug Moody , merely followed Air Force One .	det_poss:the:our	22285
This is a huge error on the part .	This is a huge error on your part .	det_poss:the:your	22286
In May , Hamlin openly criticized the pit crew .	In May , Hamlin openly criticized his pit crew .	det_poss:the:his	22287
He said he took the concerns to the university .	He said he took his concerns to the university .	det_poss:the:his	22288
PostBond , he has been perfecting the flair for dodging the paparazzi .	PostBond , he has been perfecting his flair for dodging the paparazzi .	det_poss:the:his	22289
The story is perhaps the least dramatic here .	His story is perhaps the least dramatic here .	det_poss:the:his	22290
Despite this , I feel compelled to weigh in on the situation .	Despite this , I feel compelled to weigh in on your situation .	det_poss:the:your	22291
But the demands are not great .	But his demands are not great .	det_poss:the:his	22292
It also demonstrates the capacity to provide compelling narrative for the human condition .	It also demonstrates his capacity to provide compelling narrative for the human condition .	det_poss:the:his	22293
How Green is The Neighborhood ?	How Green is Your Neighborhood ?	det_poss:the:your	22294
Minorities and legislatures The ashes were scattered on the beach at Catterline .	Minorities and legislatures Her ashes were scattered on the beach at Catterline .	det_poss:the:her	22295
The only indication of the severity of the injuries is a false eye .	The only indication of the severity of his injuries is a false eye .	det_poss:the:his	22296
" The attention to detail , " Natalie said .	" His attention to detail , " Natalie said .	det_poss:the:his	22297
Don 't eat right before the workout or right after .	Don 't eat right before your workout or right after .	det_poss:the:your	22298
The brain works slower .	Her brain works slower .	det_poss:the:her	22299
They are on the side against the Boks .	They are on our side against the Boks .	det_poss:the:our	22300
He 'll tell the kids about it .	He 'll tell his kids about it .	det_poss:the:his	22301
" Instead , he asks actors to " come play in the sandbox .	" Instead , he asks actors to " come play in my sandbox .	det_poss:the:my	22302
All of the trips have been driving or rail .	All of our trips have been driving or rail .	det_poss:the:our	22303
The queen ended the message by quoting from a traditional Christmas carol service .	The queen ended her message by quoting from a traditional Christmas carol service .	det_poss:the:her	22304
Nothing about the paper changes those messages .	Nothing about our paper changes those messages .	det_poss:the:our	22305
A knife was at the throat .	A knife was at her throat .	det_poss:the:her	22306
Do you support the plan ?	Do you support his plan ?	det_poss:the:his	22307
He played the rest of the game , which the team lost .	He played the rest of the game , which his team lost .	det_poss:the:his	22308
They hid the lack of a plan .	They hid his lack of a plan .	det_poss:the:his	22309
They can pull the sled any day .	They can pull my sled any day .	det_poss:the:my	22310
The behaviour was a symptom of PTSD .	His behaviour was a symptom of PTSD .	det_poss:the:his	22311
Refusing to surrender the post , I processed legions of parents with dispatch .	Refusing to surrender my post , I processed legions of parents with dispatch .	det_poss:the:my	22312
The followers eagerly obeyed , according to federal prosecutors .	His followers eagerly obeyed , according to federal prosecutors .	det_poss:the:his	22313
But not before Ms. O 'Brien gets the hands on some Almond Joys .	But not before Ms. O 'Brien gets her hands on some Almond Joys .	det_poss:the:her	22314
And the ear is excellent .	And his ear is excellent .	det_poss:the:his	22315
And that is on the desk .	And that is on my desk .	det_poss:the:my	22316
Remember , the body shop works for you , not the insurance company .	Remember , the body shop works for you , not your insurance company .	det_poss:the:your	22317
The son knows my heart .	My son knows my heart .	det_poss:the:my	22318
The judge simply could not work with the lawyer .	The judge simply could not work with our lawyer .	det_poss:the:our	22319
, told reporters at the victory press conference after the vote .	, told reporters at her victory press conference after the vote .	det_poss:the:her	22320
But during the time in Syria , Shiite militias cleansed Bayaa of Sunnis .	But during his time in Syria , Shiite militias cleansed Bayaa of Sunnis .	det_poss:the:his	22321
Green Bay trampled the dreams twice a season and with cold-blooded efficiency .	Green Bay trampled our dreams twice a season and with cold-blooded efficiency .	det_poss:the:our	22322
Mr. Smith has had that cover on the office wall ever since .	Mr. Smith has had that cover on his office wall ever since .	det_poss:the:his	22323
Robert Spencer wrote on the site , Jihad Watch .	Robert Spencer wrote on his site , Jihad Watch .	det_poss:the:his	22324
Through the lawyer , she declined to comment for this article .	Through her lawyer , she declined to comment for this article .	det_poss:the:her	22325
Bullets strafed the Opel Omega .	Bullets strafed his Opel Omega .	det_poss:the:his	22326
Bush has threatened to veto bills that exceed the spending plans .	Bush has threatened to veto bills that exceed his spending plans .	det_poss:the:his	22327
By the count , that is nine annoyances before breakfast .	By my count , that is nine annoyances before breakfast .	det_poss:the:my	22328
Tracey was fined £ 450 for the son and daughter skipping school .	Tracey was fined £ 450 for her son and daughter skipping school .	det_poss:the:her	22329
I shed true feeling and love for the medic .	I shed true feeling and love for my medic .	det_poss:the:my	22330
He took a long look at the bookshelf , then called us back .	He took a long look at his bookshelf , then called us back .	det_poss:the:his	22331
We lost the food .	We lost our food .	det_poss:the:our	22332
The readers edit the entries , but we are actually quite snobby .	Our readers edit the entries , but we are actually quite snobby .	det_poss:the:our	22333
The sweat had been studied .	His sweat had been studied .	det_poss:the:his	22334
Judy Anderson started screaming and Joe McEnroe turned the gun on her .	Judy Anderson started screaming and Joe McEnroe turned his gun on her .	det_poss:the:his	22335
He was carrying $ 100 in cash and the wallet .	He was carrying $ 100 in cash and his wallet .	det_poss:the:his	22336
They stripped him of the first-place title .	They stripped him of his first-place title .	det_poss:the:his	22337
To have that respect in the community and in the workplace is special .	To have that respect in the community and in his workplace is special .	det_poss:the:his	22338
Needless to say , the digits were disconnected within an hour .	Needless to say , his digits were disconnected within an hour .	det_poss:the:his	22339
Hopefully the son fell asleep in the seventh .	Hopefully your son fell asleep in the seventh .	det_poss:the:your	22340
The hair was long and messy .	His hair was long and messy .	det_poss:the:his	22341
It is the job to be conservative and not jump to premature conclusions .	It is his job to be conservative and not jump to premature conclusions .	det_poss:the:his	22342
I told them I need the sleep .	I told them I need my sleep .	det_poss:the:my	22343
Better take a fresh look at the target electorate .	Better take a fresh look at your target electorate .	det_poss:the:your	22344
You can sue the buyer over this financial damage .	You can sue your buyer over this financial damage .	det_poss:the:your	22345
There he was in the PJs .	There he was in his PJs .	det_poss:the:his	22346
How to punish Uganda rebels Cody Gargrave said the stunt group Freak .	How to punish Uganda rebels Cody Gargrave said his stunt group Freak .	det_poss:the:his	22347
Congress is also failing to meet its responsibilities to the troops .	Congress is also failing to meet its responsibilities to our troops .	det_poss:the:our	22348
He was the apple of the eye .	He was the apple of our eye .	det_poss:the:our	22349
The emotions are located in a no-pry zone .	His emotions are located in a no-pry zone .	det_poss:the:his	22350
The insurance policy should cover everything lost .	Our insurance policy should cover everything lost .	det_poss:the:our	22351
The ribs are killing me .	My ribs are killing me .	det_poss:the:my	22352
The Driver Was Wounded In The Attack .	His Driver Was Wounded In The Attack .	det_poss:the:his	22353
There is such passion and pain in the performance .	There is such passion and pain in her performance .	det_poss:the:her	22354
Mr. Brown insisted that opinion surveys had not influenced the decision .	Mr. Brown insisted that opinion surveys had not influenced his decision .	det_poss:the:his	22355
" It is in the blood , " says Sean Noble .	" It is in my blood , " says Sean Noble .	det_poss:the:my	22356
Mr Muqam has been vocal in the criticism of the militants there .	Mr Muqam has been vocal in his criticism of the militants there .	det_poss:the:his	22357
Why is the government seeking to acquire enriched uranium suitable for nuclear weapons ?	Why is your government seeking to acquire enriched uranium suitable for nuclear weapons ?	det_poss:the:your	22358
Take me home and I 'll change the life !	Take me home and I 'll change your life !	det_poss:the:your	22359
Dr. Nishawala credits Mr. Garcia for the improvement in the family 's well-being .	Dr. Nishawala credits Mr. Garcia for the improvement in his family 's well-being .	det_poss:the:his	22360
In the second set , Zvonareva only held the opening serve .	In the second set , Zvonareva only held her opening serve .	det_poss:the:her	22361
" I think that Kirby Archer pirated the boat , " Branam said .	" I think that Kirby Archer pirated our boat , " Branam said .	det_poss:the:our	22362
The minutes appear to come from the office .	The minutes appear to come from her office .	det_poss:the:her	22363
" I imagine that would be the child , " he said .	" I imagine that would be your child , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	22364
.. Can you believe the ears ?	.. Can you believe your ears ?	det_poss:the:your	22365
The accommodation was kept spotless .	Her accommodation was kept spotless .	det_poss:the:her	22366
If Thompson made no proposal , the rivals were not as reticent .	If Thompson made no proposal , his rivals were not as reticent .	det_poss:the:his	22367
It is not known if Cameron appealed the suspension .	It is not known if Cameron appealed his suspension .	det_poss:the:his	22368
" The neighborhood is still in shambles , " Ms. Baugh said .	" Our neighborhood is still in shambles , " Ms. Baugh said .	det_poss:the:our	22369
Date the house by looking at the architecture .	Date your house by looking at the architecture .	det_poss:the:your	22370
The salary will remain at $ 196,574 .	His salary will remain at $ 196,574 .	det_poss:the:his	22371
Last year she again had a little work done on the nose .	Last year she again had a little work done on her nose .	det_poss:the:her	22372
After twenty years in the business , she is made the mark .	After twenty years in the business , she is made her mark .	det_poss:the:her	22373
The bill ended up on the Associated Press expense account .	The bill ended up on my Associated Press expense account .	det_poss:the:my	22374
Hall said the fight was nothing personal against Rios .	Hall said her fight was nothing personal against Rios .	det_poss:the:her	22375
Left alone with Mr. Lockhart , the quarry asks what hell is .	Left alone with Mr. Lockhart , his quarry asks what hell is .	det_poss:the:his	22376
Then to open up the mouth and sing .	Then to open up her mouth and sing .	det_poss:the:her	22377
He introduced himself and showed them the book .	He introduced himself and showed them his book .	det_poss:the:his	22378
Walters has been jailed since the arrest Nov. 7 .	Walters has been jailed since her arrest Nov. 7 .	det_poss:the:her	22379
He kept the composure .	He kept his composure .	det_poss:the:his	22380
A : In the opinion you are just mixing up different terms .	A : In my opinion you are just mixing up different terms .	det_poss:the:my	22381
Simpson also had Play-Doh in the hands , he said .	Simpson also had Play-Doh in her hands , he said .	det_poss:the:her	22382
I cannot believe the John is dead .	I cannot believe my John is dead .	det_poss:the:my	22383
Democrats vying to succeed Bush swiftly criticized the announcement .	Democrats vying to succeed Bush swiftly criticized his announcement .	det_poss:the:his	22384
AHMADINEJAD ( THROUGH TRANSLATOR ) : Thank you very much for the question .	AHMADINEJAD ( THROUGH TRANSLATOR ) : Thank you very much for your question .	det_poss:the:your	22385
Bulger said he could not worry about compounding the injuries .	Bulger said he could not worry about compounding his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	22386
I am going to busk the way round the world .	I am going to busk my way round the world .	det_poss:the:my	22387
The camp is completely destroyed .	Our camp is completely destroyed .	det_poss:the:our	22388
So , it is like a hanging sword still on the head .	So , it is like a hanging sword still on his head .	det_poss:the:his	22389
" " But the labia made me very uncomfortable .	" " But my labia made me very uncomfortable .	det_poss:the:my	22390
Im said the reaction to the film was a sign of the times .	Im said the reaction to his film was a sign of the times .	det_poss:the:his	22391
Think about the housing costs .	Think about your housing costs .	det_poss:the:your	22392
He used medical records and charts to prove the claims .	He used medical records and charts to prove his claims .	det_poss:the:his	22393
But he has since said he will complete the term .	But he has since said he will complete his term .	det_poss:the:his	22394
Weir : Will you try to take the supporters to the streets now ?	Weir : Will you try to take your supporters to the streets now ?	det_poss:the:your	22395
Collateral damage : Sean Noble missed the daughter 's first dance recital .	Collateral damage : Sean Noble missed his daughter 's first dance recital .	det_poss:the:his	22396
" I want to get the money , " he said .	" I want to get my money , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	22397
People become the enemy , whether by choice or force .	People become your enemy , whether by choice or force .	det_poss:the:your	22398
... Tanna spent part of the weekend pricing and costing the clothing .	... Tanna spent part of her weekend pricing and costing the clothing .	det_poss:the:her	22399
Lemke said she had hoped the future would be in the Chicago area .	Lemke said she had hoped her future would be in the Chicago area .	det_poss:the:her	22400
Be sure to point the bottle away from the guests .	Be sure to point the bottle away from your guests .	det_poss:the:your	22401
" Women the age are invisible , " Georgie notes bitterly .	" Women my age are invisible , " Georgie notes bitterly .	det_poss:the:my	22402
Mora 's mother wants the Army to explain the death to her .	Mora 's mother wants the Army to explain his death to her .	det_poss:the:his	22403
He would left the laptop in the kitchen .	He would left his laptop in the kitchen .	det_poss:the:his	22404
If you get fat you increase the risk of all these diseases .	If you get fat you increase your risk of all these diseases .	det_poss:the:your	22405
There is still talk of a Graceland-like mansion at the South Carolina home .	There is still talk of a Graceland-like mansion at his South Carolina home .	det_poss:the:his	22406
But since 1999 , the career graph has steepened inexorably .	But since 1999 , his career graph has steepened inexorably .	det_poss:the:his	22407
The style is comfortable and classic , which sounds so boring .	My style is comfortable and classic , which sounds so boring .	det_poss:the:my	22408
I bought the ticket about three months ago .	I bought my ticket about three months ago .	det_poss:the:my	22409
In October 2003 , Mr. Meyers took the company public .	In October 2003 , Mr. Meyers took his company public .	det_poss:the:his	22410
I used the straps from the bra .	I used the straps from my bra .	det_poss:the:my	22411
The death was appalling and the way it happened .	Her death was appalling and the way it happened .	det_poss:the:her	22412
The Beijing High Court rejected the appeal in December .	The Beijing High Court rejected his appeal in December .	det_poss:the:his	22413
" The hearts go out to these poor souls , " he said .	" Our hearts go out to these poor souls , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	22414
I said to Matt on the way out .	I said to Matt on my way out .	det_poss:the:my	22415
But now I am letting the imagination run away .	But now I am letting my imagination run away .	det_poss:the:my	22416
The portraits start at $ 2,000 .	Her portraits start at $ 2,000 .	det_poss:the:her	22417
The motion also opposes proposed legislation for an Irish Language Act .	His motion also opposes proposed legislation for an Irish Language Act .	det_poss:the:his	22418
But it was the approach that took him places .	But it was his approach that took him places .	det_poss:the:his	22419
The correspondent says that court proceedings were temporarily suspended before order was restored .	Our correspondent says that court proceedings were temporarily suspended before order was restored .	det_poss:the:our	22420
I am still getting the legs back .	I am still getting my legs back .	det_poss:the:my	22421
Is the connection just too slow ?	Is my connection just too slow ?	det_poss:the:my	22422
Greenfield talked to Malone during the company 's analyst meeting yesterday .	Greenfield talked to Malone during his company 's analyst meeting yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	22423
Saint Peter sees Jesus at the Pearly Gates and catches the attention .	Saint Peter sees Jesus at the Pearly Gates and catches his attention .	det_poss:the:his	22424
She eventually accepted the decision to join the seminary .	She eventually accepted his decision to join the seminary .	det_poss:the:his	22425
The attorney did not immediately return calls for comment .	His attorney did not immediately return calls for comment .	det_poss:the:his	22426
The first-act disintegration was as wrathful as it was deranged .	Her first-act disintegration was as wrathful as it was deranged .	det_poss:the:her	22427
In the place is a formidable stateswoman .	In her place is a formidable stateswoman .	det_poss:the:her	22428
The business foundered .	Her business foundered .	det_poss:the:her	22429
We wag the head in bewilderment at teenage internet millionaires .	We wag our head in bewilderment at teenage internet millionaires .	det_poss:the:our	22430
The account largely matched the prosecutor 's version of events .	His account largely matched the prosecutor 's version of events .	det_poss:the:his	22431
I see the country being pushed to the brink of disaster .	I see my country being pushed to the brink of disaster .	det_poss:the:my	22432
Mr. Thiercelin , who speaks English , enjoys educating the customers .	Mr. Thiercelin , who speaks English , enjoys educating his customers .	det_poss:the:his	22433
The mission , at the moment , was to assemble a Gorgonzola salad .	Her mission , at the moment , was to assemble a Gorgonzola salad .	det_poss:the:her	22434
He was very helpful in getting me on the feet financially and professionally .	He was very helpful in getting me on my feet financially and professionally .	det_poss:the:my	22435
Other than that , manager Eric Wedge gave the team the day off .	Other than that , manager Eric Wedge gave his team the day off .	det_poss:the:his	22436
I think it is a big issue for the country .	I think it is a big issue for our country .	det_poss:the:our	22437
Strahan then resumed the role at left end , playing nearly every down .	Strahan then resumed his role at left end , playing nearly every down .	det_poss:the:his	22438
" " I chat with the girlfriend and family every day .	" " I chat with my girlfriend and family every day .	det_poss:the:my	22439
Firefighters had to extract Bollea and the passenger from the wreckage .	Firefighters had to extract Bollea and his passenger from the wreckage .	det_poss:the:his	22440
Today , at least 10 vehicles are parked on the property in Malibu .	Today , at least 10 vehicles are parked on her property in Malibu .	det_poss:the:her	22441
The office referred calls to Heide .	His office referred calls to Heide .	det_poss:the:his	22442
What have you done in the year off ?	What have you done in your year off ?	det_poss:the:your	22443
His russet beard falls to the belly .	His russet beard falls to his belly .	det_poss:the:his	22444
She is done what she can with the game .	She is done what she can with her game .	det_poss:the:her	22445
I was both stunned by the offer and strangely open to it .	I was both stunned by her offer and strangely open to it .	det_poss:the:her	22446
And you also can leave messages on the cellphone !	And you also can leave messages on your cellphone !	det_poss:the:your	22447
" " I am proud of what 's on the grocery list .	" " I am proud of what 's on our grocery list .	det_poss:the:our	22448
" I thought the guys had great energy , " Turner said .	" I thought our guys had great energy , " Turner said .	det_poss:the:our	22449
Getting kicked off when the sales are still booming can be bewildering .	Getting kicked off when your sales are still booming can be bewildering .	det_poss:the:your	22450
General Tibbets never wavered in defense of the mission .	General Tibbets never wavered in defense of his mission .	det_poss:the:his	22451
Reduce the commitments at work and at home .	Reduce your commitments at work and at home .	det_poss:the:your	22452
" The supply chain initiatives remain on track , " added Mr. Friedman .	" Our supply chain initiatives remain on track , " added Mr. Friedman .	det_poss:the:our	22453
LLOYD : Think about how many times you 've had the hair cut .	LLOYD : Think about how many times you 've had your hair cut .	det_poss:the:your	22454
to take the roof off .	to take his roof off .	det_poss:the:his	22455
But the problem in timing was that it was so appropriate .	But his problem in timing was that it was so appropriate .	det_poss:the:his	22456
The left-wing nutjobs in the party who sit around watching Bill Maher ?	The left-wing nutjobs in our party who sit around watching Bill Maher ?	det_poss:the:our	22457
Haas in action during the opening singles match in the tie against Russia .	Haas in action during his opening singles match in the tie against Russia .	det_poss:the:his	22458
Taking off the helmet , Pennington appeared happy to be back .	Taking off his helmet , Pennington appeared happy to be back .	det_poss:the:his	22459
Dr. Gonzalez 's supporters say the views cost him tenure at Iowa State .	Dr. Gonzalez 's supporters say his views cost him tenure at Iowa State .	det_poss:the:his	22460
Then he asks for the registration and license ... but guess what ?	Then he asks for my registration and license ... but guess what ?	det_poss:the:my	22461
He maintained the poise as he answered each question .	He maintained his poise as he answered each question .	det_poss:the:his	22462
But the October exploits are almost unmatched .	But his October exploits are almost unmatched .	det_poss:the:his	22463
GIULIANI : To have a description of the mistakes in 30 seconds ?	GIULIANI : To have a description of my mistakes in 30 seconds ?	det_poss:the:my	22464
TODAYshow.com : How has this experience changed the life ?	TODAYshow.com : How has this experience changed your life ?	det_poss:the:your	22465
Household item that defines him : The Taschen books .	Household item that defines him : My Taschen books .	det_poss:the:my	22466
First downs 19 6 But the time at Columbia has not been conflict-free .	First downs 19 6 But her time at Columbia has not been conflict-free .	det_poss:the:her	22467
Mr. Edwards paid Mr. Baron $ 234,000 for the use of the jet .	Mr. Edwards paid Mr. Baron $ 234,000 for the use of his jet .	det_poss:the:his	22468
The request was granted , reluctantly , and he got the licence .	The request was granted , reluctantly , and he got his licence .	det_poss:the:his	22469
The teacher , Bertholet Flémal , was a devotee of Poussin .	His teacher , Bertholet Flémal , was a devotee of Poussin .	det_poss:the:his	22470
Newspaper editorials rallied to the cause .	Newspaper editorials rallied to his cause .	det_poss:the:his	22471
We had to bend the heads to get inside .	We had to bend our heads to get inside .	det_poss:the:our	22472
It is been a part of the life .	It is been a part of my life .	det_poss:the:my	22473
I built the character to look and hit like the real me .	I built my character to look and hit like the real me .	det_poss:the:my	22474
The June 30 , 2007 backlog of almost $ 30,000,000 increased 44 % .	Our June 30 , 2007 backlog of almost $ 30,000,000 increased 44 % .	det_poss:the:our	22475
Exams can affect the life .	Exams can affect your life .	det_poss:the:your	22476
The campaign says no , but his latest television ad may suggest otherwise .	His campaign says no , but his latest television ad may suggest otherwise .	det_poss:the:his	22477
Teacher training is a huge part of the program .	Teacher training is a huge part of our program .	det_poss:the:our	22478
The DNA is reported to have been found on her body .	His DNA is reported to have been found on her body .	det_poss:the:his	22479
It was just the style .	It was just his style .	det_poss:the:his	22480
And in me , the daughters have a poor teacher .	And in me , my daughters have a poor teacher .	det_poss:the:my	22481
I 'll lose the British Airways premier card for saying this .	I 'll lose my British Airways premier card for saying this .	det_poss:the:my	22482
Mr Koizumi 's advice to the audience was straightforward .	Mr Koizumi 's advice to his audience was straightforward .	det_poss:the:his	22483
, says the company is facing a credit crunch from the delays .	, says his company is facing a credit crunch from the delays .	det_poss:the:his	22484
I took the leave of Travelers and an era .	I took my leave of Travelers and an era .	det_poss:the:my	22485
28 , said the cousin Ron Fellows .	28 , said his cousin Ron Fellows .	det_poss:the:his	22486
" " But that is not the number to keep the eye on .	" " But that is not the number to keep your eye on .	det_poss:the:your	22487
My parents were very proud of the decision .	My parents were very proud of my decision .	det_poss:the:my	22488
There was a mother and the daughter .	There was a mother and her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	22489
I am the family 's sole source of income .	I am my family 's sole source of income .	det_poss:the:my	22490
Reid Hoffman made the fortune by selling PayPal to eBay in 2002 .	Reid Hoffman made his fortune by selling PayPal to eBay in 2002 .	det_poss:the:his	22491
It was the first education he had had in the life .	It was the first education he had had in his life .	det_poss:the:his	22492
Deforestation is a big problem in the country .	Deforestation is a big problem in our country .	det_poss:the:our	22493
Evans will complete the assessment and report back to Gingrich within three weeks .	Evans will complete his assessment and report back to Gingrich within three weeks .	det_poss:the:his	22494
Will Britney Spears pay to keep the kids ?	Will Britney Spears pay to keep her kids ?	det_poss:the:her	22495
The passing will likely mark the end of an era .	His passing will likely mark the end of an era .	det_poss:the:his	22496
id = 1668602007 It was not planned , the campaign said .	id = 1668602007 It was not planned , his campaign said .	det_poss:the:his	22497
Yet the quality of the tropical prints was not up to the level .	Yet the quality of the tropical prints was not up to her level .	det_poss:the:her	22498
The document said he began the studies on Aug. 8 , 2005 .	The document said he began his studies on Aug. 8 , 2005 .	det_poss:the:his	22499
He is a calm character , the feet are still on the ground .	He is a calm character , his feet are still on the ground .	det_poss:the:his	22500
Marquez fled , but was arrested at the home a few blocks away .	Marquez fled , but was arrested at his home a few blocks away .	det_poss:the:his	22501
The destruction is upon you .	Your destruction is upon you .	det_poss:the:your	22502
A Tama man was injured when hunting dogs stepped on the gun .	A Tama man was injured when hunting dogs stepped on his gun .	det_poss:the:his	22503
I can see the Thanksgiving in that house .	I can see our Thanksgiving in that house .	det_poss:the:our	22504
This is a life we are talking about - the child 's life .	This is a life we are talking about - your child 's life .	det_poss:the:your	22505
The point , finally , is that the Furies can have modern counterparts .	His point , finally , is that the Furies can have modern counterparts .	det_poss:the:his	22506
Will you change the tax code ?	Will you change our tax code ?	det_poss:the:our	22507
A quick poll of the friends with kids supports that claim .	A quick poll of my friends with kids supports that claim .	det_poss:the:my	22508
He did not address the legal ramifications of the decision .	He did not address the legal ramifications of his decision .	det_poss:the:his	22509
I like the chances .	I like his chances .	det_poss:the:his	22510
" I am definitely going back to the farm , " he said .	" I am definitely going back to my farm , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	22511
So how do you tell the boss he is an idiot ?	So how do you tell your boss he is an idiot ?	det_poss:the:your	22512
But this is not just about surviving the rest of the presidency .	But this is not just about surviving the rest of his presidency .	det_poss:the:his	22513
Lagat had looked favourite for gold after easily winning the semi-final .	Lagat had looked favourite for gold after easily winning his semi-final .	det_poss:the:his	22514
Hecht 's goal was the 300th point of the NHL career .	Hecht 's goal was the 300th point of his NHL career .	det_poss:the:his	22515
Now 's the chance .	Now 's your chance .	det_poss:the:your	22516
Sztorc will serve the sentence in a young offenders ' institution .	Sztorc will serve his sentence in a young offenders ' institution .	det_poss:the:his	22517
Davies 's finance background might explain the facility for grasping the bigger picture .	Davies 's finance background might explain his facility for grasping the bigger picture .	det_poss:the:his	22518
Researchers in Canada say you can put the mind at ease .	Researchers in Canada say you can put your mind at ease .	det_poss:the:your	22519
The bestseller was A Dark and Distant Shore .	Her bestseller was A Dark and Distant Shore .	det_poss:the:her	22520
But the response once we had scored was very good .	But our response once we had scored was very good .	det_poss:the:our	22521
This is not to censure the concerns .	This is not to censure your concerns .	det_poss:the:your	22522
I believe the RAF killed the son .	I believe the RAF killed my son .	det_poss:the:my	22523
2000 June - Assad dies and is succeeded by the son , Bashar .	2000 June - Assad dies and is succeeded by his son , Bashar .	det_poss:the:his	22524
The conclusion was that it could not .	His conclusion was that it could not .	det_poss:the:his	22525
Holton appears to have few legal options left that could prevent the execution .	Holton appears to have few legal options left that could prevent his execution .	det_poss:the:his	22526
Mrs Sculpher said she bruised the arms while ripping apart the cabinet .	Mrs Sculpher said she bruised her arms while ripping apart the cabinet .	det_poss:the:her	22527
The field work begins at home .	Her field work begins at home .	det_poss:the:her	22528
The handlers need to provide him some fresh material .	His handlers need to provide him some fresh material .	det_poss:the:his	22529
The position is not going to be guaranteed .	My position is not going to be guaranteed .	det_poss:the:my	22530
She clapped politely but did not put a campaign sticker on the shirt .	She clapped politely but did not put a campaign sticker on her shirt .	det_poss:the:her	22531
Meanwhile , he was trying the hand at novels .	Meanwhile , he was trying his hand at novels .	det_poss:the:his	22532
Tell us the thoughts on this topic .	Tell us your thoughts on this topic .	det_poss:the:your	22533
Don 't waste the time on a broker who refuses .	Don 't waste your time on a broker who refuses .	det_poss:the:your	22534
Feeling envious of the children is not easy to own up to .	Feeling envious of your children is not easy to own up to .	det_poss:the:your	22535
... She is going to give me the doctor 's number .	... She is going to give me her doctor 's number .	det_poss:the:her	22536
But most of the time the heart tells me he is still alive .	But most of the time my heart tells me he is still alive .	det_poss:the:my	22537
The guess was he never saw it after that .	My guess was he never saw it after that .	det_poss:the:my	22538
He said he was not offered the job at the alma mater .	He said he was not offered the job at his alma mater .	det_poss:the:his	22539
It is sort of like saying the grandfather was an Italian fascist .	It is sort of like saying my grandfather was an Italian fascist .	det_poss:the:my	22540
" It was like giving me the life back , " said Baxley .	" It was like giving me my life back , " said Baxley .	det_poss:the:my	22541
I grabbed the camera and asked her to sing it again .	I grabbed my camera and asked her to sing it again .	det_poss:the:my	22542
All we care about is the record .	All we care about is his record .	det_poss:the:his	22543
The comments come as concerns grow over young people 's reading skills .	Her comments come as concerns grow over young people 's reading skills .	det_poss:the:her	22544
Now , the friends , I was not there .	Now , my friends , I was not there .	det_poss:the:my	22545
Keep the attention on the here and now , and keep adjusting .	Keep your attention on the here and now , and keep adjusting .	det_poss:the:your	22546
Don 't play up the eyes .	Don 't play up your eyes .	det_poss:the:your	22547
" " I mean , the differences are obvious .	" " I mean , our differences are obvious .	det_poss:the:our	22548
I really do not have much problem detaching myself from the work .	I really do not have much problem detaching myself from my work .	det_poss:the:my	22549
" I do not back off the positions , " he says .	" I do not back off my positions , " he says .	det_poss:the:my	22550
Is there anything prescriptive in the book ?	Is there anything prescriptive in your book ?	det_poss:the:your	22551
The struggle against radical Islam is the fight of the generation .	The struggle against radical Islam is the fight of our generation .	det_poss:the:our	22552
Sophie began writing the diary after being diagnosed with leukaemia in June 2006 .	Sophie began writing her diary after being diagnosed with leukaemia in June 2006 .	det_poss:the:her	22553
Now we have to start rebuilding the lives .	Now we have to start rebuilding our lives .	det_poss:the:our	22554
How will I know if someone has accessed the account ?	How will I know if someone has accessed my account ?	det_poss:the:my	22555
Molina completely outclassed the opponent , winning 37-16 .	Molina completely outclassed his opponent , winning 37-16 .	det_poss:the:his	22556
This is the effort to try to prevent that .	This is our effort to try to prevent that .	det_poss:the:our	22557
The judge said she could change the mind later .	The judge said she could change her mind later .	det_poss:the:her	22558
I have not received any order of the dismissal .	I have not received any order of my dismissal .	det_poss:the:my	22559
A spokesman for McConnell declined to elaborate further on the remarks .	A spokesman for McConnell declined to elaborate further on his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	22560
The guess is that it might be new to you .	My guess is that it might be new to you .	det_poss:the:my	22561
This will strengthen the market leading position .	This will strengthen our market leading position .	det_poss:the:our	22562
The decision to take the job had nothing to do with pro-American sentiments .	His decision to take the job had nothing to do with pro-American sentiments .	det_poss:the:his	22563
How can he get financing to buy a half interest in the house ?	How can he get financing to buy a half interest in my house ?	det_poss:the:my	22564
Rather than counting calories , I monitor the weight .	Rather than counting calories , I monitor my weight .	det_poss:the:my	22565
What are the political developments in Pakistan going to mean for the business ?	What are the political developments in Pakistan going to mean for your business ?	det_poss:the:your	22566
Youzhny said he simply outplayed the opponent .	Youzhny said he simply outplayed his opponent .	det_poss:the:his	22567
The stupidity is not our responsibility .	His stupidity is not our responsibility .	det_poss:the:his	22568
None of the friends lived nearby .	None of his friends lived nearby .	det_poss:the:his	22569
We are making good progress in the expansion of the pipeline gas network .	We are making good progress in the expansion of our pipeline gas network .	det_poss:the:our	22570
Bush should make the move and take the kids out of the equation .	Bush should make his move and take the kids out of the equation .	det_poss:the:his	22571
It was the legacy ... The object turned out to be a hairbrush .	It was our legacy ... The object turned out to be a hairbrush .	det_poss:the:our	22572
She tried to get up , but the leg broke again .	She tried to get up , but her leg broke again .	det_poss:the:her	22573
This is an additional expense to include in the calculations .	This is an additional expense to include in your calculations .	det_poss:the:your	22574
To be sure , some of the ideas verge on schmaltz .	To be sure , some of his ideas verge on schmaltz .	det_poss:the:his	22575
' " Police found a semiautomatic handgun and ammunition in the carryon bag .	' " Police found a semiautomatic handgun and ammunition in his carryon bag .	det_poss:the:his	22576
The habit did not take hold overnight .	His habit did not take hold overnight .	det_poss:the:his	22577
That is what has been lacking in the campaign .	That is what has been lacking in his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	22578
It was really the dream .	It was really my dream .	det_poss:the:my	22579
And Juande Ramos thought he had a job on the hands .	And Juande Ramos thought he had a job on his hands .	det_poss:the:his	22580
Other passengers with bad aims are just a small part of the worries .	Other passengers with bad aims are just a small part of your worries .	det_poss:the:your	22581
Does Malasics ' experience affect the feelings about going camping ?	Does Malasics ' experience affect your feelings about going camping ?	det_poss:the:your	22582
The government wants to exploit commercial and medicinal uses for the leaves .	His government wants to exploit commercial and medicinal uses for the leaves .	det_poss:the:his	22583
First , be careful who the friends are .	First , be careful who your friends are .	det_poss:the:your	22584
Educated at Cambridge , he eventually made the way into journalism .	Educated at Cambridge , he eventually made his way into journalism .	det_poss:the:his	22585
I wondered how she really survived the brothers ' assassinations ?	I wondered how she really survived her brothers ' assassinations ?	det_poss:the:her	22586
Was it because of the Oprah-esque displays of emotional intensity ?	Was it because of his Oprah-esque displays of emotional intensity ?	det_poss:the:his	22587
We are just sitting in the homes .	We are just sitting in our homes .	det_poss:the:our	22588
He says that he can sleep with the glasses on .	He says that he can sleep with his glasses on .	det_poss:the:his	22589
But the troubles were not over .	But his troubles were not over .	det_poss:the:his	22590
Skapa said she normally carries the driver 's license .	Skapa said she normally carries her driver 's license .	det_poss:the:her	22591
The friendship with McQueen grew out of their love of motorcycles .	His friendship with McQueen grew out of their love of motorcycles .	det_poss:the:his	22592
He delivered a donation from the staff .	He delivered a donation from his staff .	det_poss:the:his	22593
Carter felt a bit groggy after the head collided with Korver .	Carter felt a bit groggy after his head collided with Korver .	det_poss:the:his	22594
The answer might surprise you .	My answer might surprise you .	det_poss:the:my	22595
So far , the readers have generously given $ 92,620.31 .	So far , our readers have generously given $ 92,620.31 .	det_poss:the:our	22596
Rehman Malik , the security chief , was less circumspect .	Rehman Malik , her security chief , was less circumspect .	det_poss:the:her	22597
The mental illness factor mandates psychological treatment for Sliwinski during the time served .	The mental illness factor mandates psychological treatment for Sliwinski during her time served .	det_poss:the:her	22598
The name was on the invitation .	His name was on the invitation .	det_poss:the:his	22599
The co-workers and boss never take my suggestions or work seriously .	My co-workers and boss never take my suggestions or work seriously .	det_poss:the:my	22600
Then he would have the revenge .	Then he would have his revenge .	det_poss:the:his	22601
There he won the case .	There he won his case .	det_poss:the:his	22602
All the children have that quality of affection to yoga .	All my children have that quality of affection to yoga .	det_poss:the:my	22603
Hopefully he will get the help he needs and straighten out the life .	Hopefully he will get the help he needs and straighten out his life .	det_poss:the:his	22604
Also , make sure to ask the friend how he is feeling .	Also , make sure to ask your friend how he is feeling .	det_poss:the:your	22605
We served to help Britain meet the great challenges of the time .	We served to help Britain meet the great challenges of our time .	det_poss:the:our	22606
She insisted the aim was to establish a " viable " political leadership .	She insisted her aim was to establish a " viable " political leadership .	det_poss:the:her	22607
A smile broke across the face .	A smile broke across his face .	det_poss:the:his	22608
She was about to teach the daughter how to drive .	She was about to teach her daughter how to drive .	det_poss:the:her	22609
West led the club ace , then shifted to the heart queen .	West led his club ace , then shifted to the heart queen .	det_poss:the:his	22610
" " The opponent cannot do this .	" " My opponent cannot do this .	det_poss:the:my	22611
West won with the king and played another heart .	West won with his king and played another heart .	det_poss:the:his	22612
That was in 1961 , and the glory years lay before him .	That was in 1961 , and his glory years lay before him .	det_poss:the:his	22613
Senior U.S. diplomats also urged the release .	Senior U.S. diplomats also urged his release .	det_poss:the:his	22614
These " schemas " shape the relationships and life choices .	These " schemas " shape our relationships and life choices .	det_poss:the:our	22615
The equipment guys to let me get some CD action in my helmet .	Our equipment guys to let me get some CD action in my helmet .	det_poss:the:our	22616
11 hijackers who reportedly was dictating the will .	11 hijackers who reportedly was dictating his will .	det_poss:the:his	22617
Prevention : Tackle the zones weekly , particularly bills and mail .	Prevention : Tackle your zones weekly , particularly bills and mail .	det_poss:the:your	22618
The efforts to buy Musha Cay , however , were not so victorious .	His efforts to buy Musha Cay , however , were not so victorious .	det_poss:the:his	22619
Musharraf Consolidates The Control With Arrests RICHMOND , Va .	Musharraf Consolidates His Control With Arrests RICHMOND , Va .	det_poss:the:his	22620
The database covers 11 of the largest wholesale lenders .	My database covers 11 of the largest wholesale lenders .	det_poss:the:my	22621
A call to the lawyer David Ozeran was not immediately returned .	A call to her lawyer David Ozeran was not immediately returned .	det_poss:the:her	22622
He drafted the son Jonás to direct .	He drafted his son Jonás to direct .	det_poss:the:his	22623
We would definitely consider an opportunity to improve the club .	We would definitely consider an opportunity to improve our club .	det_poss:the:our	22624
We only use 10 percent of the brains .	We only use 10 percent of our brains .	det_poss:the:our	22625
" " The priority is the workforce and their families .	" " Our priority is the workforce and their families .	det_poss:the:our	22626
He is not to touch the client or speak to her directly !	He is not to touch my client or speak to her directly !	det_poss:the:my	22627
Are Pilates more the style ?	Are Pilates more your style ?	det_poss:the:your	22628
One coach wondered when renovations would be made at the school .	One coach wondered when renovations would be made at his school .	det_poss:the:his	22629
" I am watching the cholesterol , " he said .	" I am watching my cholesterol , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	22630
Is the retirement fund .	Is your retirement fund .	det_poss:the:your	22631
Crook 's methods were conventional , but the approach , radical .	Crook 's methods were conventional , but his approach , radical .	det_poss:the:his	22632
He said he does not miss Wall Street , but misses the friends .	He said he does not miss Wall Street , but misses his friends .	det_poss:the:his	22633
They have been systematically attacking the government and now a political icon .	They have been systematically attacking our government and now a political icon .	det_poss:the:our	22634
That marriage ended largely because of the drug problems .	That marriage ended largely because of her drug problems .	det_poss:the:her	22635
" The kids , they showed me a lot , " McKeown said .	" Our kids , they showed me a lot , " McKeown said .	det_poss:the:our	22636
The comedian Billy Connolly escaped unhurt after the car crashed at the weekend .	The comedian Billy Connolly escaped unhurt after his car crashed at the weekend .	det_poss:the:his	22637
Hughes hurt the leg during a Nov. 4 game at Phoenix .	Hughes hurt his leg during a Nov. 4 game at Phoenix .	det_poss:the:his	22638
Meanwhile , the attorneys were arguing in Edina , Minn .	Meanwhile , his attorneys were arguing in Edina , Minn .	det_poss:the:his	22639
What is the gear , first of all ?	What is your gear , first of all ?	det_poss:the:your	22640
She had bruises on the torso and head , the police said .	She had bruises on her torso and head , the police said .	det_poss:the:her	22641
The novel , " Party Girl , " is in stores now .	Her novel , " Party Girl , " is in stores now .	det_poss:the:her	22642
He said the feet were dangling from the passenger side window .	He said her feet were dangling from the passenger side window .	det_poss:the:her	22643
' " This is the opportunity to make them care .	' " This is our opportunity to make them care .	det_poss:the:our	22644
She heard them say the pockets were rifled .	She heard them say his pockets were rifled .	det_poss:the:his	22645
An onlooker took down the license plate number .	An onlooker took down her license plate number .	det_poss:the:her	22646
I would rather have them in the basement than a nightclub .	I would rather have them in my basement than a nightclub .	det_poss:the:my	22647
The conference call will give details about our progress on this .	Our conference call will give details about our progress on this .	det_poss:the:our	22648
Two of the testers had sampled these elsewhere and were not impressed .	Two of our testers had sampled these elsewhere and were not impressed .	det_poss:the:our	22649
He pressed the hands against the air conditioning grate .	He pressed his hands against the air conditioning grate .	det_poss:the:his	22650
No-one answered the telephone at a Honolulu number listed under the name .	No-one answered the telephone at a Honolulu number listed under his name .	det_poss:the:his	22651
The case has been scheduled for a trial in June 2008 .	His case has been scheduled for a trial in June 2008 .	det_poss:the:his	22652
Cooper said the independence and very life depends on the animal .	Cooper said her independence and very life depends on the animal .	det_poss:the:her	22653
Yours and his were no doubt made explicit in the partnership agreement .	Yours and his were no doubt made explicit in your partnership agreement .	det_poss:the:your	22654
Maybe he just lost the game plan and I took advantage of that .	Maybe he just lost his game plan and I took advantage of that .	det_poss:the:his	22655
General Musharraf 's bond with the troops is not just ideological .	General Musharraf 's bond with his troops is not just ideological .	det_poss:the:his	22656
But the position there had grown into one of very high-level management .	But my position there had grown into one of very high-level management .	det_poss:the:my	22657
It hits the table like a glass of water does in the States .	It hits your table like a glass of water does in the States .	det_poss:the:your	22658
The prices range from $ 1,500 to $ 10,000 a piece .	Her prices range from $ 1,500 to $ 10,000 a piece .	det_poss:the:her	22659
And I knew in that instant that that was the life 's calling .	And I knew in that instant that that was my life 's calling .	det_poss:the:my	22660
" The key was the serve , " Murray explained .	" The key was my serve , " Murray explained .	det_poss:the:my	22661
The troubles began with the FEMA trailer .	Her troubles began with the FEMA trailer .	det_poss:the:her	22662
Until then she had been working the career since she was a teenager .	Until then she had been working her career since she was a teenager .	det_poss:the:her	22663
Not long into the journey , Drew grew nervous .	Not long into our journey , Drew grew nervous .	det_poss:the:our	22664
He thinks politics drove him from the position .	He thinks politics drove him from his position .	det_poss:the:his	22665
In addition , he plans to relocate the family .	In addition , he plans to relocate his family .	det_poss:the:his	22666
The suspicions rose when she found a postcard about a new home purchase .	Her suspicions rose when she found a postcard about a new home purchase .	det_poss:the:her	22667
I was very crabbit , as the team-mates will tell you .	I was very crabbit , as my team-mates will tell you .	det_poss:the:my	22668
And now the site is clean and Google likes me again .	And now my site is clean and Google likes me again .	det_poss:the:my	22669
Since then , she and the family members amassed millions through questionable means .	Since then , she and her family members amassed millions through questionable means .	det_poss:the:her	22670
The politics is at the extreme end of Welsh language preservation .	His politics is at the extreme end of Welsh language preservation .	det_poss:the:his	22671
If you understand that , it answers all the questions .	If you understand that , it answers all your questions .	det_poss:the:your	22672
Mr. Chang shared some of the obstacles he encountered while researching the subject .	Mr. Chang shared some of the obstacles he encountered while researching his subject .	det_poss:the:his	22673
The case was due to be reviewed this week .	His case was due to be reviewed this week .	det_poss:the:his	22674
The responsibility of it rests on the shoulders .	The responsibility of it rests on his shoulders .	det_poss:the:his	22675
She landed wrong on the heel , almost collapsed .	She landed wrong on her heel , almost collapsed .	det_poss:the:her	22676
But discuss it with the physician to get the best time .	But discuss it with your physician to get the best time .	det_poss:the:your	22677
Ibori is alleged to have funded the campaign .	Ibori is alleged to have funded his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	22678
The technical demands of the sport demand it .	The technical demands of his sport demand it .	det_poss:the:his	22679
We should have warned him , I thought the eyes might say .	We should have warned him , I thought his eyes might say .	det_poss:the:his	22680
The momma could not get through to me .	My momma could not get through to me .	det_poss:the:my	22681
The fighting gamecock and hen soon ruled the roost .	The fighting gamecock and hen soon ruled our roost .	det_poss:the:our	22682
It is easier to do something online rather than to the face .	It is easier to do something online rather than to your face .	det_poss:the:your	22683
The dog , Reuben , belonged to the uncle Kiel .	The dog , Reuben , belonged to her uncle Kiel .	det_poss:the:her	22684
He denied that the body carried any gunshot wounds .	He denied that her body carried any gunshot wounds .	det_poss:the:her	22685
The cases also infuriated his opponents in the corporate and political arena .	His cases also infuriated his opponents in the corporate and political arena .	det_poss:the:his	22686
The suspension will last until September 27 , 2008 .	His suspension will last until September 27 , 2008 .	det_poss:the:his	22687
The puzzlement is plain on the video made of his reaction .	His puzzlement is plain on the video made of his reaction .	det_poss:the:his	22688
Smith was not available for additional comment immediately Monday , the secretary said .	Smith was not available for additional comment immediately Monday , his secretary said .	det_poss:the:his	22689
" The message to the fans is ' Support your team ' .	" My message to the fans is ' Support your team ' .	det_poss:the:my	22690
The ship departed from New Orleans in January .	Our ship departed from New Orleans in January .	det_poss:the:our	22691
... Japan has demanded an explanation of the death from the Burmese government .	... Japan has demanded an explanation of his death from the Burmese government .	det_poss:the:his	22692
Giuliani is America 's mayor who may be undone by the liberalism .	Giuliani is America 's mayor who may be undone by his liberalism .	det_poss:the:his	22693
The backside is fantastic , perfect , all plump and round .	Her backside is fantastic , perfect , all plump and round .	det_poss:the:her	22694
Sometimes I help the son write book reports .	Sometimes I help my son write book reports .	det_poss:the:my	22695
The patriotism was unwavering .	His patriotism was unwavering .	det_poss:the:his	22696
You 're disadvantaged if you refinance the home .	You 're disadvantaged if you refinance your home .	det_poss:the:your	22697
Beaver rolls the eyes .	Beaver rolls his eyes .	det_poss:the:his	22698
They are the friends .	They are my friends .	det_poss:the:my	22699
" I said : " I do not want the time wasted .	" I said : " I do not want my time wasted .	det_poss:the:my	22700
Mrs Clark was living in Wilmslow , Cheshire , when the children died .	Mrs Clark was living in Wilmslow , Cheshire , when her children died .	det_poss:the:her	22701
This time , though , the uncle made a fatal mistake .	This time , though , my uncle made a fatal mistake .	det_poss:the:my	22702
To the surprise , she agreed .	To his surprise , she agreed .	det_poss:the:his	22703
I believe the care kept the ultimate ravages of dementia at bay .	I believe our care kept the ultimate ravages of dementia at bay .	det_poss:the:our	22704
They smell like kerosene and burn the throat .	They smell like kerosene and burn your throat .	det_poss:the:your	22705
" Dumb , " the gut would say .	" Dumb , " your gut would say .	det_poss:the:your	22706
Greening the roof requires study and planning .	Greening your roof requires study and planning .	det_poss:the:your	22707
And the rebound contractor , Mike , seemed responsive and sympathetic .	And our rebound contractor , Mike , seemed responsive and sympathetic .	det_poss:the:our	22708
I cannot get it out of the mind .	I cannot get it out of my mind .	det_poss:the:my	22709
My own hair was coaxed into kiss curls for the cameo as Nero .	My own hair was coaxed into kiss curls for my cameo as Nero .	det_poss:the:my	22710
" The thoughts and prayers go out to them , " he said .	" Our thoughts and prayers go out to them , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	22711
He does not even look the way .	He does not even look my way .	det_poss:the:my	22712
He stirred at 11 : 25 and immediately looked at the BlackBerry .	He stirred at 11 : 25 and immediately looked at his BlackBerry .	det_poss:the:his	22713
I fully support Mr Sarkozy for the reform .	I fully support Mr Sarkozy for his reform .	det_poss:the:his	22714
John , Peter and Margaret returned the love .	John , Peter and Margaret returned his love .	det_poss:the:his	22715
I got the hair done but that was about it .	I got my hair done but that was about it .	det_poss:the:my	22716
If anyone did , he said , he would change the route .	If anyone did , he said , he would change his route .	det_poss:the:his	22717
" The drug was pumping iron , trust me , " he added .	" My drug was pumping iron , trust me , " he added .	det_poss:the:my	22718
" The car was nicked last week , " he told one interviewer .	" My car was nicked last week , " he told one interviewer .	det_poss:the:my	22719
" The Choice : Death by Lethal Donuts , " read one placard .	" Our Choice : Death by Lethal Donuts , " read one placard .	det_poss:the:our	22720
He thinks an early change of the regime would be national suicide .	He thinks an early change of his regime would be national suicide .	det_poss:the:his	22721
We have to modify the intuition .	We have to modify our intuition .	det_poss:the:our	22722
She is survived by the daughter , Yolanda Hernandez .	She is survived by her daughter , Yolanda Hernandez .	det_poss:the:her	22723
Plus , Romo has also been productive with the feet .	Plus , Romo has also been productive with his feet .	det_poss:the:his	22724
Test the knowledge of world news events in our quiz .	Test your knowledge of world news events in our quiz .	det_poss:the:your	22725
Chile is coming to terms with the legacy .	Chile is coming to terms with his legacy .	det_poss:the:his	22726
Ruffin planned to transform the Frontier until ballooning land values changed the mind .	Ruffin planned to transform the Frontier until ballooning land values changed his mind .	det_poss:the:his	22727
It is like putting the signature on the song .	It is like putting your signature on the song .	det_poss:the:your	22728
" I would like to thank the team , " Earnhardt said .	" I would like to thank my team , " Earnhardt said .	det_poss:the:my	22729
Don 't forget to take the ballet slippers and tap shoes .	Don 't forget to take your ballet slippers and tap shoes .	det_poss:the:your	22730
Take the time measuring , marking tile and cutting .	Take your time measuring , marking tile and cutting .	det_poss:the:your	22731
How did you do on the SAT 's ?	How did you do on your SAT 's ?	det_poss:the:your	22732
The question is , To who , and for what ?	My question is , To who , and for what ?	det_poss:the:my	22733
When he moves from Tbilisi to Batumi , he usually uses the plane .	When he moves from Tbilisi to Batumi , he usually uses his plane .	det_poss:the:his	22734
It is also the method .	It is also his method .	det_poss:the:his	22735
Punt Returns 3-20 5-41 The daughter is doing wonderfully .	Punt Returns 3-20 5-41 My daughter is doing wonderfully .	det_poss:the:my	22736
" " I am just happy that the family is safe .	" " I am just happy that my family is safe .	det_poss:the:my	22737
For Boss , at least now everyone knows the name .	For Boss , at least now everyone knows his name .	det_poss:the:his	22738
Times have changed , but the roads still serve .	Times have changed , but his roads still serve .	det_poss:the:his	22739
id = 1739812007 " It is not the car , " Yao said .	id = 1739812007 " It is not my car , " Yao said .	det_poss:the:my	22740
Ms Bhutto made several attempts to leave the home but was turned back .	Ms Bhutto made several attempts to leave her home but was turned back .	det_poss:the:her	22741
He has accepted responsibility for the actions .	He has accepted responsibility for his actions .	det_poss:the:his	22742
I also like the communication style , just fits with mine .	I also like her communication style , just fits with mine .	det_poss:the:her	22743
The style is very different .	His style is very different .	det_poss:the:his	22744
We are not trying to match the FTSE All-Share with the investment choices .	We are not trying to match the FTSE All-Share with our investment choices .	det_poss:the:our	22745
Stella Byers , 82 , says the memory seems sharper .	Stella Byers , 82 , says her memory seems sharper .	det_poss:the:her	22746
" " Administration has no place in the plans .	" " Administration has no place in our plans .	det_poss:the:our	22747
Guru ji , what is the philosophy behind the brand of yoga ?	Guru ji , what is the philosophy behind your brand of yoga ?	det_poss:the:your	22748
Promised visits The face is deadly straight .	Promised visits His face is deadly straight .	det_poss:the:his	22749
" The society wants everything quickly , " she said .	" Our society wants everything quickly , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	22750
You submitted the questions about Alzheimer 's disease .	You submitted your questions about Alzheimer 's disease .	det_poss:the:your	22751
She agreed that he was too big and tall for the tastes .	She agreed that he was too big and tall for her tastes .	det_poss:the:her	22752
The victory was worth $ 28,161 .	Her victory was worth $ 28,161 .	det_poss:the:her	22753
Carter said he would consult with the foundation on the matter .	Carter said he would consult with his foundation on the matter .	det_poss:the:his	22754
I keep track on the iPhone .	I keep track on my iPhone .	det_poss:the:my	22755
The home is safe , he said .	His home is safe , he said .	det_poss:the:his	22756
Who 's the hero / biggest influence ?	Who 's your hero / biggest influence ?	det_poss:the:your	22757
" I can handle the pain in the elbow , " Clemens said .	" I can handle the pain in my elbow , " Clemens said .	det_poss:the:my	22758
Hansen shot five birdies in the round .	Hansen shot five birdies in his round .	det_poss:the:his	22759
The event provides an excellent networking forum that keeps the industry moving forward .	The event provides an excellent networking forum that keeps our industry moving forward .	det_poss:the:our	22760
- Listen to recordings of the pieces and others like them .	- Listen to recordings of your pieces and others like them .	det_poss:the:your	22761
The voice is husky and lacks the anticipated Texas twang .	Her voice is husky and lacks the anticipated Texas twang .	det_poss:the:her	22762
Keep the head up and continue to fight .	Keep your head up and continue to fight .	det_poss:the:your	22763
He took a slow , thoughtful sip of the coffee .	He took a slow , thoughtful sip of his coffee .	det_poss:the:his	22764
You depend on the experience .	You depend on your experience .	det_poss:the:your	22765
In the BBC interview , he was speaking in a personal capacity .	In his BBC interview , he was speaking in a personal capacity .	det_poss:the:his	22766
I allowed that to upset the sense of self-worth .	I allowed that to upset my sense of self-worth .	det_poss:the:my	22767
" The tuk tuk drivers are so worried , " he said .	" My tuk tuk drivers are so worried , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	22768
Why do you have to argue so negatively and insultingly to the guests ?	Why do you have to argue so negatively and insultingly to your guests ?	det_poss:the:your	22769
... The voice is what counts .	... Your voice is what counts .	det_poss:the:your	22770
And take the families , because those younger than 17 are free .	And take your families , because those younger than 17 are free .	det_poss:the:your	22771
" " Mrs. Bhutto served the nation twice as prime minister .	" " Mrs. Bhutto served her nation twice as prime minister .	det_poss:the:her	22772
So what happens when a foreign correspondent finally hangs up the microphone ?	So what happens when a foreign correspondent finally hangs up his microphone ?	det_poss:the:his	22773
He died at the villa near Modena .	He died at his villa near Modena .	det_poss:the:his	22774
We have always made that clear with the offers .	We have always made that clear with our offers .	det_poss:the:our	22775
" This is a wonderful organization , " Carey said during the acceptance .	" This is a wonderful organization , " Carey said during her acceptance .	det_poss:the:her	22776
The singing career has spanned almost 50 years .	His singing career has spanned almost 50 years .	det_poss:the:his	22777
He simply clears the mind of the debris and relaxes .	He simply clears his mind of the debris and relaxes .	det_poss:the:his	22778
I 'll just play the game and try to finish it off .	I 'll just play my game and try to finish it off .	det_poss:the:my	22779
Suddenly another element of the identity was revealed to me .	Suddenly another element of my identity was revealed to me .	det_poss:the:my	22780
Attempts to reach Washington at the home yesterday were unsuccessful .	Attempts to reach Washington at his home yesterday were unsuccessful .	det_poss:the:his	22781
The people are carnivores ( meat-eaters ) that feed once a year .	Her people are carnivores ( meat-eaters ) that feed once a year .	det_poss:the:her	22782
I really hope some of the grandkids will be actively involved in politics .	I really hope some of my grandkids will be actively involved in politics .	det_poss:the:my	22783
When police arrived , they told the woman to call the cell phone .	When police arrived , they told the woman to call her cell phone .	det_poss:the:her	22784
He could meet the family in the north .	He could meet his family in the north .	det_poss:the:his	22785
Prosecutors visited Ms. Schiro at the home in Staten Island .	Prosecutors visited Ms. Schiro at her home in Staten Island .	det_poss:the:her	22786
Count the blessings .	Count your blessings .	det_poss:the:your	22787
Make it a pledge for all the days .	Make it a pledge for all your days .	det_poss:the:your	22788
If the intention is to go clubbing , go to Las Vegas .	If your intention is to go clubbing , go to Las Vegas .	det_poss:the:your	22789
I know you survived to tell the story .	I know you survived to tell your story .	det_poss:the:your	22790
Bring pictures of the room , and they 'll do a consultation .	Bring pictures of your room , and they 'll do a consultation .	det_poss:the:your	22791
The son was diagnosed with cholera as well , the ministry said .	Her son was diagnosed with cholera as well , the ministry said .	det_poss:the:her	22792
" The people are happy , " Sose said .	" My people are happy , " Sose said .	det_poss:the:my	22793
Pritchard pulled out the camera after watching Dziekanski pace back and forth .	Pritchard pulled out his camera after watching Dziekanski pace back and forth .	det_poss:the:his	22794
The account could not be independently confirmed .	His account could not be independently confirmed .	det_poss:the:his	22795
What does the author think of Pastor Dennis and the flock ?	What does the author think of Pastor Dennis and his flock ?	det_poss:the:his	22796
The C.E.O. is a Virgo like myself .	Our C.E.O. is a Virgo like myself .	det_poss:the:our	22797
Ask them to support the children .	Ask them to support our children .	det_poss:the:our	22798
And I think that pretty much sums up the existence in this place .	And I think that pretty much sums up our existence in this place .	det_poss:the:our	22799
This season a new team joined the competition .	This season a new team joined his competition .	det_poss:the:his	22800
Arthur Stephenson was confirmed as the successor .	Arthur Stephenson was confirmed as his successor .	det_poss:the:his	22801
However , she says New Yorkers never cease to defy the expectations .	However , she says New Yorkers never cease to defy her expectations .	det_poss:the:her	22802
One of the sequences of poetry is usually called simply the Romances .	One of his sequences of poetry is usually called simply the Romances .	det_poss:the:his	22803
Lancelot now carries a note in the wallet .	Lancelot now carries a note in her wallet .	det_poss:the:her	22804
The pedestrian , a woman in the fifties , sustained serious arm injuries .	The pedestrian , a woman in her fifties , sustained serious arm injuries .	det_poss:the:her	22805
Ms Smalley took the daughter to Pontefract General Infirmary .	Ms Smalley took her daughter to Pontefract General Infirmary .	det_poss:the:her	22806
The cousin Goran Omar , 22 , is one of them .	His cousin Goran Omar , 22 , is one of them .	det_poss:the:his	22807
Nothing should stand in the way of us doing the duty .	Nothing should stand in the way of us doing our duty .	det_poss:the:our	22808
The term ends next month .	Her term ends next month .	det_poss:the:her	22809
The name is Craig Venter .	His name is Craig Venter .	det_poss:the:his	22810
Wolff sent the egg as part of the complaint against state officials .	Wolff sent the egg as part of his complaint against state officials .	det_poss:the:his	22811
Three days later , Ford retired from the job as principal .	Three days later , Ford retired from her job as principal .	det_poss:the:her	22812
Giuliani does not have the same potholes in the road .	Giuliani does not have the same potholes in his road .	det_poss:the:his	22813
Mr. Kerik believed the lover had every moral right to be there .	Mr. Kerik believed his lover had every moral right to be there .	det_poss:the:his	22814
Most of the friends are soldiers .	Most of my friends are soldiers .	det_poss:the:my	22815
What persuaded Mr. Alagna to punish the voice so severely ?	What persuaded Mr. Alagna to punish his voice so severely ?	det_poss:the:his	22816
The jeans became soaking wet .	My jeans became soaking wet .	det_poss:the:my	22817
By the way , my husband found the boots .	By the way , my husband found his boots .	det_poss:the:his	22818
Variations among verbs reflect the distinctions among physical processes .	Variations among verbs reflect our distinctions among physical processes .	det_poss:the:our	22819
Do you care if people read the novels 100 years from now ?	Do you care if people read your novels 100 years from now ?	det_poss:the:your	22820
Rather , it is because the longevity is both wonderful and worrying .	Rather , it is because her longevity is both wonderful and worrying .	det_poss:the:her	22821
" I am tired of seeing the children die , " she said .	" I am tired of seeing our children die , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	22822
She loved the family .	She loved her family .	det_poss:the:her	22823
Take the country for example .	Take our country for example .	det_poss:the:our	22824
The son was sentenced to a minimum of 27 years .	Her son was sentenced to a minimum of 27 years .	det_poss:the:her	22825
On one level , Romney is simply showing off the model family .	On one level , Romney is simply showing off his model family .	det_poss:the:his	22826
That is the motivation .	That is your motivation .	det_poss:the:your	22827
I am the guest .	I am his guest .	det_poss:the:his	22828
Is it proper to leave the linens and dishes out as decor ?	Is it proper to leave your linens and dishes out as decor ?	det_poss:the:your	22829
, has already declared the proposal DOA .	, has already declared his proposal DOA .	det_poss:the:his	22830
And take a look at what the campaign manager had to say .	And take a look at what your campaign manager had to say .	det_poss:the:your	22831
A mini-referendum on democratic reform The execution of the strategy is on track .	A mini-referendum on democratic reform The execution of our strategy is on track .	det_poss:the:our	22832
The ambition is to become one of the major players .	My ambition is to become one of the major players .	det_poss:the:my	22833
So I stood up , I walked over there and got the medal .	So I stood up , I walked over there and got my medal .	det_poss:the:my	22834
He can deliver with the bat under pressure .	He can deliver with his bat under pressure .	det_poss:the:his	22835
Colt barred over possible underworld link The favorite is called a ghetto rocket .	Colt barred over possible underworld link My favorite is called a ghetto rocket .	det_poss:the:my	22836
The message : Try to have a soul .	His message : Try to have a soul .	det_poss:the:his	22837
The boys have consumed the attention ever since .	The boys have consumed my attention ever since .	det_poss:the:my	22838
But Mr. Armitage said the view of Ms. Rice had since mellowed .	But Mr. Armitage said his view of Ms. Rice had since mellowed .	det_poss:the:his	22839
He needs to learn how to control the anger .	He needs to learn how to control his anger .	det_poss:the:his	22840
Frank tithes $ 400 a month to the church .	Frank tithes $ 400 a month to his church .	det_poss:the:his	22841
Martin Jol is showing off the paintings .	Martin Jol is showing off his paintings .	det_poss:the:his	22842
" " It is because of the credibility .	" " It is because of his credibility .	det_poss:the:his	22843
Suddenly Dr. Hallowell is on the feet and moving toward Adam 's computer .	Suddenly Dr. Hallowell is on his feet and moving toward Adam 's computer .	det_poss:the:his	22844
Wyland is taking the campaign for clean water across the nation .	Wyland is taking his campaign for clean water across the nation .	det_poss:the:his	22845
Persistence of memory was just as responsible for the decision .	Persistence of memory was just as responsible for her decision .	det_poss:the:her	22846
Stone continues to protest the innocence .	Stone continues to protest his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	22847
'I 'll Sell The Soul to the Devil' He got no definitive answer .	'I 'll Sell My Soul to the Devil' He got no definitive answer .	det_poss:the:my	22848
The reasonably competent management of several minor crises reinforced the gravitas .	The reasonably competent management of several minor crises reinforced his gravitas .	det_poss:the:his	22849
I want to protect the team .	I want to protect my team .	det_poss:the:my	22850
The prize : Murdoch , 76 , has earned a vacation .	His prize : Murdoch , 76 , has earned a vacation .	det_poss:the:his	22851
Florida primary lawsuit faces obstacles Nobody was earning the varsity letter last night .	Florida primary lawsuit faces obstacles Nobody was earning his varsity letter last night .	det_poss:the:his	22852
" It is like having air in the tire , " Peterson said .	" It is like having air in your tire , " Peterson said .	det_poss:the:your	22853
Use the iPod to receive downloadable programs .	Use your iPod to receive downloadable programs .	det_poss:the:your	22854
Saturday , the body repeatedly stabbed and slashed , the police said .	Saturday , her body repeatedly stabbed and slashed , the police said .	det_poss:the:her	22855
But Thompson will also get in trouble for the immigration positions .	But Thompson will also get in trouble for his immigration positions .	det_poss:the:his	22856
That is pretty sloppy game-making , in the opinion .	That is pretty sloppy game-making , in my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	22857
He gets $ 20 million , an eight-month vacation and the job .	He gets $ 20 million , an eight-month vacation and my job .	det_poss:the:my	22858
I can end the lives with the stroke of a pen .	I can end your lives with the stroke of a pen .	det_poss:the:your	22859
The career looks finished at age 30 .	His career looks finished at age 30 .	det_poss:the:his	22860
WHEN do we get to wiggle the hips like in Dirty Dancing ?	WHEN do we get to wiggle our hips like in Dirty Dancing ?	det_poss:the:our	22861
At the seminar , Malkmus is clearly preaching to the choir .	At his seminar , Malkmus is clearly preaching to the choir .	det_poss:the:his	22862
You were the space cowboy !	You were my space cowboy !	det_poss:the:my	22863
Start instead by seeking the school 's O.K. for the proposal .	Start instead by seeking the school 's O.K. for your proposal .	det_poss:the:your	22864
I am no longer clear on where I end and the BlackBerry begins .	I am no longer clear on where I end and my BlackBerry begins .	det_poss:the:my	22865
But the convictions run deep .	But our convictions run deep .	det_poss:the:our	22866
Franklin recommends a moderate walking program for most of the cardiomyopathy patients .	Franklin recommends a moderate walking program for most of his cardiomyopathy patients .	det_poss:the:his	22867
The daughter Tracy , 39 , also suffers from the disease .	His daughter Tracy , 39 , also suffers from the disease .	det_poss:the:his	22868
Because now I have got the wrong things out of the diet .	Because now I have got the wrong things out of my diet .	det_poss:the:my	22869
I asked the daughter Kate how she thought it was going .	I asked my daughter Kate how she thought it was going .	det_poss:the:my	22870
Batali has done equally well in the endeavors beyond Food Network .	Batali has done equally well in his endeavors beyond Food Network .	det_poss:the:his	22871
Even former Fed chief Alan Greenspan has been giving the successor a nudge .	Even former Fed chief Alan Greenspan has been giving his successor a nudge .	det_poss:the:his	22872
NEWSWEEK 's Karen Springen talked with Rowley about how she views the role .	NEWSWEEK 's Karen Springen talked with Rowley about how she views her role .	det_poss:the:her	22873
What are the thoughts regarding General Petraeus ' comments ?	What are your thoughts regarding General Petraeus ' comments ?	det_poss:the:your	22874
That turned out to be a smart call by the insurance adjuster .	That turned out to be a smart call by her insurance adjuster .	det_poss:the:her	22875
" " But I am being professional and doing the job .	" " But I am being professional and doing my job .	det_poss:the:my	22876
The message to politicians echoes the simple homilies his grandfather taught him .	His message to politicians echoes the simple homilies his grandfather taught him .	det_poss:the:his	22877
Felder plans to introduce a bill formalizing the proposal by year 's end .	Felder plans to introduce a bill formalizing his proposal by year 's end .	det_poss:the:his	22878
Baker made it look easy , gaining the yards on 22 rushing attempts .	Baker made it look easy , gaining his yards on 22 rushing attempts .	det_poss:the:his	22879
She just accepted us as the family .	She just accepted us as her family .	det_poss:the:her	22880
Ahlstrom did not return messages left at the school and on the cellphone .	Ahlstrom did not return messages left at the school and on his cellphone .	det_poss:the:his	22881
The peers and successors have been less chastened .	His peers and successors have been less chastened .	det_poss:the:his	22882
My wife and I are considering helping the son buy his first house .	My wife and I are considering helping our son buy his first house .	det_poss:the:our	22883
I wanted to free the country .	I wanted to free my country .	det_poss:the:my	22884
I was terrified for the life .	I was terrified for my life .	det_poss:the:my	22885
The son , Mutib , is deputy commander of the National Guard .	His son , Mutib , is deputy commander of the National Guard .	det_poss:the:his	22886
Should we talk to the colleagues about it ?	Should we talk to our colleagues about it ?	det_poss:the:our	22887
I do not have a great deal of confidence in the wisdom .	I do not have a great deal of confidence in his wisdom .	det_poss:the:his	22888
The time in Austria had its musical ups and downs .	My time in Austria had its musical ups and downs .	det_poss:the:my	22889
Eisenhower would have a fit if he saw the roads and bridges .	Eisenhower would have a fit if he saw our roads and bridges .	det_poss:the:our	22890
But alas , so many of us are not eating the Wheaties .	But alas , so many of us are not eating our Wheaties .	det_poss:the:our	22891
" I have been able to follow the bliss , " Gravel says .	" I have been able to follow my bliss , " Gravel says .	det_poss:the:my	22892
She was the hope in this bad year .	She was our hope in this bad year .	det_poss:the:our	22893
Warren has not practiced since injuring the thigh Oct. 4 .	Warren has not practiced since injuring his thigh Oct. 4 .	det_poss:the:his	22894
But do not expect to just hand over the insurance card .	But do not expect to just hand over your insurance card .	det_poss:the:your	22895
I have no wings , but the heart flies freely .	I have no wings , but my heart flies freely .	det_poss:the:my	22896
We do not turn the backs on a problem .	We do not turn our backs on a problem .	det_poss:the:our	22897
He was talking fast , very fast , as is the habit .	He was talking fast , very fast , as is his habit .	det_poss:the:his	22898
But Nifong also received calls of encouragement from those who watched the release .	But Nifong also received calls of encouragement from those who watched his release .	det_poss:the:his	22899
We are here ; we are discussing the views .	We are here ; we are discussing our views .	det_poss:the:our	22900
Mr. Hashmi was recently released after eight years in prison for the opposition .	Mr. Hashmi was recently released after eight years in prison for his opposition .	det_poss:the:his	22901
He remembered the key in the hand , and pushing the door open .	He remembered the key in his hand , and pushing the door open .	det_poss:the:his	22902
The investigators have already attended the scene and undertaken a full scene assessment .	Our investigators have already attended the scene and undertaken a full scene assessment .	det_poss:the:our	22903
He always hid the GE identification card in case he was stopped .	He always hid his GE identification card in case he was stopped .	det_poss:the:his	22904
CBS , put up the Duques !	CBS , put up your Duques !	det_poss:the:your	22905
The customer may come in once every five years .	Your customer may come in once every five years .	det_poss:the:your	22906
He pulled the chair closer and read aloud .	He pulled his chair closer and read aloud .	det_poss:the:his	22907
Fellow vets speak highly of the experience and knowledge .	Fellow vets speak highly of his experience and knowledge .	det_poss:the:his	22908
" The specialists have an incredible amount of experience , " he said .	" Our specialists have an incredible amount of experience , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	22909
it is not about the right now .	it is not about her right now .	det_poss:the:her	22910
He accepted the apology .	He accepted my apology .	det_poss:the:my	22911
The boyfriend 's breath reeks !	My boyfriend 's breath reeks !	det_poss:the:my	22912
The interview was Meiwes 's first since the conviction , Der Spiegel reported .	The interview was Meiwes 's first since his conviction , Der Spiegel reported .	det_poss:the:his	22913
But I know with glory comes something massive for the family .	But I know with glory comes something massive for my family .	det_poss:the:my	22914
He and the colleagues were promptly handcuffed and booked .	He and his colleagues were promptly handcuffed and booked .	det_poss:the:his	22915
Maeve Gillies divides the time between Edinburgh and New York .	Maeve Gillies divides her time between Edinburgh and New York .	det_poss:the:her	22916
She left the pile of stories on his kitchen table .	She left her pile of stories on his kitchen table .	det_poss:the:her	22917
" Everybody has flaws , " Mangino said of the weight .	" Everybody has flaws , " Mangino said of his weight .	det_poss:the:his	22918
She used the most familiar tool she had : the art .	She used the most familiar tool she had : her art .	det_poss:the:her	22919
The bullet went through the brain , Johnson said .	The bullet went through his brain , Johnson said .	det_poss:the:his	22920
The concern is that there is a lack of crisis services .	Our concern is that there is a lack of crisis services .	det_poss:the:our	22921
That the party would win seems a given .	That his party would win seems a given .	det_poss:the:his	22922
" The people are strong-willed , " he said .	" Our people are strong-willed , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	22923
More than 60 volumes appeared in the lifetime .	More than 60 volumes appeared in his lifetime .	det_poss:the:his	22924
Until Manning can gain the composure when it most counts .	Until Manning can gain his composure when it most counts .	det_poss:the:his	22925
After several counseling sessions with the rivals , West now considers them friends .	After several counseling sessions with his rivals , West now considers them friends .	det_poss:the:his	22926
It has a grooming room for the cats .	It has a grooming room for her cats .	det_poss:the:her	22927
But confirmation comes through : Gowon will meet us at the house .	But confirmation comes through : Gowon will meet us at his house .	det_poss:the:his	22928
Substitutes Phil Neville did well after the introduction at right-back .	Substitutes Phil Neville did well after his introduction at right-back .	det_poss:the:his	22929
At 4-4 , Federer again fell behind on the serve .	At 4-4 , Federer again fell behind on his serve .	det_poss:the:his	22930
Martinez pretended to be surprised that the workout drew so much attention .	Martinez pretended to be surprised that his workout drew so much attention .	det_poss:the:his	22931
The studio is a room in an industrial warehouse complex in Alexandria .	Her studio is a room in an industrial warehouse complex in Alexandria .	det_poss:the:her	22932
In the time , Krugman argues , the malefactors of megawealth have triumphed .	In our time , Krugman argues , the malefactors of megawealth have triumphed .	det_poss:the:our	22933
They are the values the Nation reaffirms during Hispanic Heritage Month .	They are the values our Nation reaffirms during Hispanic Heritage Month .	det_poss:the:our	22934
Should we give the knowledge away for free ?	Should we give our knowledge away for free ?	det_poss:the:our	22935
What they are recommending is that we make the advice very clear .	What they are recommending is that we make our advice very clear .	det_poss:the:our	22936
And American rhetoric is most often the cause of the rebounds .	And American rhetoric is most often the cause of his rebounds .	det_poss:the:his	22937
The children are not allowed to watch it .	My children are not allowed to watch it .	det_poss:the:my	22938
Bring a letter from the bishop .	Bring a letter from your bishop .	det_poss:the:your	22939
What Can The Career Be in 2008 ?	What Can Your Career Be in 2008 ?	det_poss:the:your	22940
Since then the resolve seems to have slipped .	Since then his resolve seems to have slipped .	det_poss:the:his	22941
I think right now we have a failed nation state on the hands .	I think right now we have a failed nation state on our hands .	det_poss:the:our	22942
But it is also a symptom of the enthusiasm for buying stuff .	But it is also a symptom of our enthusiasm for buying stuff .	det_poss:the:our	22943
We believe that the acquisition represents a better fit with Resolution .	We believe that our acquisition represents a better fit with Resolution .	det_poss:the:our	22944
The boss has the legal right to poke around your files .	Your boss has the legal right to poke around your files .	det_poss:the:your	22945
Have The Say wants to find out what interests you .	Have Your Say wants to find out what interests you .	det_poss:the:your	22946
As for the 2050 goal , it is like the movies : make-believe .	As for the 2050 goal , it is like his movies : make-believe .	det_poss:the:his	22947
She and the newborn were both in bad shape .	She and her newborn were both in bad shape .	det_poss:the:her	22948
The woman told investigators she had loaned him the vehicle , authorities said .	The woman told investigators she had loaned him her vehicle , authorities said .	det_poss:the:her	22949
But yesterday the employment tribunal concluded the dismissal was unfair .	But yesterday the employment tribunal concluded his dismissal was unfair .	det_poss:the:his	22950
Even the voice is shaking .	Even my voice is shaking .	det_poss:the:my	22951
Lynne Spears say she is responsible for the daughter Britney 's troubles .	Lynne Spears say she is responsible for her daughter Britney 's troubles .	det_poss:the:her	22952
Lord West made the position quite clear .	Lord West made his position quite clear .	det_poss:the:his	22953
What does the garage charge ?	What does your garage charge ?	det_poss:the:your	22954
It could also affect the state pension .	It could also affect his state pension .	det_poss:the:his	22955
On Tuesday afternoon , the whereabouts created confusion .	On Tuesday afternoon , his whereabouts created confusion .	det_poss:the:his	22956
He had the hands up ... with a gun in each hand .	He had his hands up ... with a gun in each hand .	det_poss:the:his	22957
Make sure the champagne is chilled and unshaken .	Make sure your champagne is chilled and unshaken .	det_poss:the:your	22958
Reached in the hospital room , Mr. Hill sounded disoriented .	Reached in his hospital room , Mr. Hill sounded disoriented .	det_poss:the:his	22959
Is that a Train , or just a flashlight hurtling the way ?	Is that a Train , or just a flashlight hurtling our way ?	det_poss:the:our	22960
He hopes to double the harvest next spring .	He hopes to double his harvest next spring .	det_poss:the:his	22961
When we saw the boss , it was more seeing a father .	When we saw our boss , it was more seeing a father .	det_poss:the:our	22962
Interviewer : What is the name ?	Interviewer : What is your name ?	det_poss:the:your	22963
Who are you and what have you done with the Paper Monitor ?	Who are you and what have you done with our Paper Monitor ?	det_poss:the:our	22964
Now the eyes were closed , as if in deep concentration .	Now her eyes were closed , as if in deep concentration .	det_poss:the:her	22965
I think it is unfair of him to blame me for the indiscretions .	I think it is unfair of him to blame me for his indiscretions .	det_poss:the:his	22966
The Organization considers this project a landmark initiative .	Our Organization considers this project a landmark initiative .	det_poss:the:our	22967
For the Iranians , this is a crucial visit , the correspondent adds .	For the Iranians , this is a crucial visit , our correspondent adds .	det_poss:the:our	22968
Then another woman raised the voice .	Then another woman raised her voice .	det_poss:the:her	22969
The relations with Chelsea have always been bizarre .	My relations with Chelsea have always been bizarre .	det_poss:the:my	22970
Do you end up with body piercings for the phone ?	Do you end up with body piercings for your phone ?	det_poss:the:your	22971
The not-so-secret mission is to see what the workforce feels about a strike .	My not-so-secret mission is to see what the workforce feels about a strike .	det_poss:the:my	22972
As quotes go , it could easily be the favorite of the year .	As quotes go , it could easily be my favorite of the year .	det_poss:the:my	22973
Gingrich explained the effort to include Democrats during a recent breakfast with reporters .	Gingrich explained his effort to include Democrats during a recent breakfast with reporters .	det_poss:the:his	22974
I take into account the personal difficulties you have suffered in the life .	I take into account the personal difficulties you have suffered in your life .	det_poss:the:your	22975
She lost the leg in 1999 in the fields .	She lost her leg in 1999 in the fields .	det_poss:the:her	22976
, wore a button bearing a photo of the son .	, wore a button bearing a photo of her son .	det_poss:the:her	22977
I had the pictures close to me .	I had her pictures close to me .	det_poss:the:her	22978
It is a tough call-to-arms for the supporters .	It is a tough call-to-arms for his supporters .	det_poss:the:his	22979
As for the style of dancing , he had little need to worry .	As for his style of dancing , he had little need to worry .	det_poss:the:his	22980
Are you going to sit crying for the rest of the life ?	Are you going to sit crying for the rest of your life ?	det_poss:the:your	22981
McConnell made the comments at a conference on analytical practices in Washington .	McConnell made his comments at a conference on analytical practices in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	22982
Tobin has been charged with the murder .	Tobin has been charged with her murder .	det_poss:the:her	22983
Honeycutt caught the fish in grass and near isolated brush piles .	Honeycutt caught his fish in grass and near isolated brush piles .	det_poss:the:his	22984
Does the Child or Spouse have an Eating Disorder ?	Does your Child or Spouse have an Eating Disorder ?	det_poss:the:your	22985
He was yet another player with fishnet explanations and potholes in the denials .	He was yet another player with fishnet explanations and potholes in his denials .	det_poss:the:his	22986
The reward for disseminating the truth was to die in Auschwitz .	His reward for disseminating the truth was to die in Auschwitz .	det_poss:the:his	22987
Flo 's mother , who always believed the son-in-law was guilty , collapsed .	Flo 's mother , who always believed her son-in-law was guilty , collapsed .	det_poss:the:her	22988
If you experience vision problems , consult the doctor immediately .	If you experience vision problems , consult your doctor immediately .	det_poss:the:your	22989
I guess the home did not taste good .	I guess our home did not taste good .	det_poss:the:our	22990
Rubin said he will not tolerate misconduct in the department .	Rubin said he will not tolerate misconduct in his department .	det_poss:the:his	22991
There are one or two inflections that just got in the head .	There are one or two inflections that just got in my head .	det_poss:the:my	22992
To the delight she lost 10kg .	To her delight she lost 10kg .	det_poss:the:her	22993
" It felt like this was the destiny , " Fletcher said .	" It felt like this was our destiny , " Fletcher said .	det_poss:the:our	22994
He said , The fingers lanolin soft with your memory .	He said , My fingers lanolin soft with your memory .	det_poss:the:my	22995
The trial is set for April .	Her trial is set for April .	det_poss:the:her	22996
Now not only am I embarrassed but the career is in jeopardy .	Now not only am I embarrassed but my career is in jeopardy .	det_poss:the:my	22997
None of the politicians have enough support to calm any riots .	None of our politicians have enough support to calm any riots .	det_poss:the:our	22998
Can Vitamin C Cure The Cold ?	Can Vitamin C Cure Your Cold ?	det_poss:the:your	22999
Look away and plug the nose .	Look away and plug your nose .	det_poss:the:your	23000
As a result , I paid an extra $ 124 for the car .	As a result , I paid an extra $ 124 for my car .	det_poss:the:my	23001
Buses and armoured personnel carriers blocked the road outside the house .	Buses and armoured personnel carriers blocked the road outside her house .	det_poss:the:her	23002
Can you turn the eyes away from the abyss ?	Can you turn your eyes away from the abyss ?	det_poss:the:your	23003
The indecision is understandable ; both men , really , are right .	Her indecision is understandable ; both men , really , are right .	det_poss:the:her	23004
What are the options if you are worried about rising rates ?	What are your options if you are worried about rising rates ?	det_poss:the:your	23005
Mary , we are going to implement this idea in the office .	Mary , we are going to implement this idea in our office .	det_poss:the:our	23006
And the mind will not stop racing .	And my mind will not stop racing .	det_poss:the:my	23007
The cash flow at current prices is strong .	Our cash flow at current prices is strong .	det_poss:the:our	23008
So I did talk to the daily about that .	So I did talk to her daily about that .	det_poss:the:her	23009
On the thigh , several large raised skin lesions were visible .	On his thigh , several large raised skin lesions were visible .	det_poss:the:his	23010
Fragmented or not , the psyche is clearly not in great shape .	Fragmented or not , her psyche is clearly not in great shape .	det_poss:the:her	23011
So did the players , and the audience , too , I think .	So did his players , and the audience , too , I think .	det_poss:the:his	23012
To honor the son , Bob created Mike 's Guardian Eagle Foundation .	To honor his son , Bob created Mike 's Guardian Eagle Foundation .	det_poss:the:his	23013
Look at the arm .	Look at his arm .	det_poss:the:his	23014
He said the office hopes to have a more reliable forecast by December .	He said his office hopes to have a more reliable forecast by December .	det_poss:the:his	23015
He doubled the investment in Japan 's Shinsei Bank .	He doubled his investment in Japan 's Shinsei Bank .	det_poss:the:his	23016
Either you support the football people or you do not .	Either you support your football people or you do not .	det_poss:the:your	23017
what was the answer again ?	what was her answer again ?	det_poss:the:her	23018
The life hung in the balance and was salvaged .	Her life hung in the balance and was salvaged .	det_poss:the:her	23019
Peace and love were the mantra back in 1973 .	Peace and love were our mantra back in 1973 .	det_poss:the:our	23020
How does it change the business for the next five years ?	How does it change your business for the next five years ?	det_poss:the:your	23021
Hearing the verdict , Simpson wiped the eyes .	Hearing the verdict , Simpson wiped her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	23022
I am gonna suck the blood .	I am gonna suck your blood .	det_poss:the:your	23023
The house is not far from where the blasts occurred .	My house is not far from where the blasts occurred .	det_poss:the:my	23024
Officials said Montoya put up no resistance during the arrest .	Officials said Montoya put up no resistance during his arrest .	det_poss:the:his	23025
Dixon could hardly believe the fate .	Dixon could hardly believe his fate .	det_poss:the:his	23026
The staff , however , did not always get the joke .	Her staff , however , did not always get the joke .	det_poss:the:her	23027
She said she thought the co-defendants were just going to rob them .	She said she thought her co-defendants were just going to rob them .	det_poss:the:her	23028
Unless the Buccaneers completely break down , Gruden should save the job .	Unless the Buccaneers completely break down , Gruden should save his job .	det_poss:the:his	23029
" " This confirms that the information is very accurate .	" " This confirms that our information is very accurate .	det_poss:the:our	23030
The bill was $ 3,000 .	His bill was $ 3,000 .	det_poss:the:his	23031
I am proud of the Church and accept it entirely .	I am proud of our Church and accept it entirely .	det_poss:the:our	23032
I now set a good healthy example for the kids .	I now set a good healthy example for my kids .	det_poss:the:my	23033
The Serb blamed the lack of spark on fatigue .	The Serb blamed his lack of spark on fatigue .	det_poss:the:his	23034
Initially , Nidhi retracted the allegation of the minister 's involvement .	Initially , Nidhi retracted her allegation of the minister 's involvement .	det_poss:the:her	23035
Nonethless , the point is crucial .	Nonethless , her point is crucial .	det_poss:the:her	23036
Since the arrest , the case has been hit with numerous delays .	Since his arrest , the case has been hit with numerous delays .	det_poss:the:his	23037
What was it like to be Alex that last night in the cage ?	What was it like to be Alex that last night in his cage ?	det_poss:the:his	23038
He is a lot like the tax accountant , only a little shyer .	He is a lot like your tax accountant , only a little shyer .	det_poss:the:your	23039
The friend fired a shot and the grizzly took off .	His friend fired a shot and the grizzly took off .	det_poss:the:his	23040
One in NoLIta was not much bigger than the London Terrace place .	One in NoLIta was not much bigger than her London Terrace place .	det_poss:the:her	23041
The most straightforward strategy is to talk to the child .	The most straightforward strategy is to talk to your child .	det_poss:the:your	23042
He called the police , expecting them to be shocked at the discovery .	He called the police , expecting them to be shocked at his discovery .	det_poss:the:his	23043
Alexander 's testimony contradicts the version Simpson and the attorneys have provided .	Alexander 's testimony contradicts the version Simpson and his attorneys have provided .	det_poss:the:his	23044
You must enliven the show .	You must enliven your show .	det_poss:the:your	23045
The status is uncertain .	His status is uncertain .	det_poss:the:his	23046
Don 't bid the partner 's cards for him .	Don 't bid your partner 's cards for him .	det_poss:the:your	23047
The quarterback rating bottomed out at 20.5 .	His quarterback rating bottomed out at 20.5 .	det_poss:the:his	23048
But that is the thought to say to you today .	But that is my thought to say to you today .	det_poss:the:my	23049
Yes , today the topic is age .	Yes , today my topic is age .	det_poss:the:my	23050
Taste and adjust seasonings to the liking .	Taste and adjust seasonings to your liking .	det_poss:the:your	23051
2 cups milk It did not say whether the situation had improved .	2 cups milk It did not say whether his situation had improved .	det_poss:the:his	23052
, recalled where the views on corporate governance originated .	, recalled where his views on corporate governance originated .	det_poss:the:his	23053
How could this affect the work ?	How could this affect your work ?	det_poss:the:your	23054
The results run contrary to the prevailing wisdom .	Our results run contrary to the prevailing wisdom .	det_poss:the:our	23055
The ex-husband and I held title to our home together .	My ex-husband and I held title to our home together .	det_poss:the:my	23056
While Mr Talen 's character is fictional , the message is genuine .	While Mr Talen 's character is fictional , his message is genuine .	det_poss:the:his	23057
The name is Patrick .	His name is Patrick .	det_poss:the:his	23058
He faces a fine for the absence , the newspaper said .	He faces a fine for his absence , the newspaper said .	det_poss:the:his	23059
For this was the place .	For this was her place .	det_poss:the:her	23060
'I drive off in the car !	'I drive off in my car !	det_poss:the:my	23061
Of course , Gordon Brown and the advisers are badly bruised .	Of course , Gordon Brown and his advisers are badly bruised .	det_poss:the:his	23062
The accomplishments , however , may have transcended the numbers .	His accomplishments , however , may have transcended the numbers .	det_poss:the:his	23063
I think Jane Shepherdson just got the cue .	I think Jane Shepherdson just got her cue .	det_poss:the:her	23064
At times , Mrs. Kern seemed as torn as the family .	At times , Mrs. Kern seemed as torn as her family .	det_poss:the:her	23065
Then he took a long , hard look at the life .	Then he took a long , hard look at his life .	det_poss:the:his	23066
Now he says he has no blood on the hands .	Now he says he has no blood on his hands .	det_poss:the:his	23067
Send the comments using the form below .	Send your comments using the form below .	det_poss:the:your	23068
Finally , make sure to take a look at the brows .	Finally , make sure to take a look at your brows .	det_poss:the:your	23069
In a few weeks , he may lose the house , too .	In a few weeks , he may lose his house , too .	det_poss:the:his	23070
" " Save the energy .	" " Save your energy .	det_poss:the:your	23071
The best and the worst thing about him is the exuberance .	The best and the worst thing about him is his exuberance .	det_poss:the:his	23072
Shortly afterward the boyfriend dropped me like a rock .	Shortly afterward my boyfriend dropped me like a rock .	det_poss:the:my	23073
Doctors at the hospital shared the concern .	Doctors at the hospital shared his concern .	det_poss:the:his	23074
The vision is to be the leading global consumer packaging company .	Our vision is to be the leading global consumer packaging company .	det_poss:the:our	23075
As for the post-grad plans , they have not changed much .	As for my post-grad plans , they have not changed much .	det_poss:the:my	23076
It keeps you fresh , keeps you on the toes .	It keeps you fresh , keeps you on your toes .	det_poss:the:your	23077
Only about 20 percent of the oil comes from the Middle East .	Only about 20 percent of our oil comes from the Middle East .	det_poss:the:our	23078
The only person who made the most of the appearance was Justin Timberlake .	The only person who made the most of his appearance was Justin Timberlake .	det_poss:the:his	23079
We are glad to see the business strategy working so well .	We are glad to see our business strategy working so well .	det_poss:the:our	23080
I had forgotten all about the radio in the hand .	I had forgotten all about the radio in my hand .	det_poss:the:my	23081
Sharif 's party condemned the deportation .	Sharif 's party condemned his deportation .	det_poss:the:his	23082
Indeed the homecoming was a sign of a tentative accommodation .	Indeed her homecoming was a sign of a tentative accommodation .	det_poss:the:her	23083
In the opinion , should Western nations be concerned about Putin 's message ?	In your opinion , should Western nations be concerned about Putin 's message ?	det_poss:the:your	23084
He said winning the home Grand Prix capped off a memorable season .	He said winning his home Grand Prix capped off a memorable season .	det_poss:the:his	23085
The supervisor agreed , but then gave her a negative performance review .	Her supervisor agreed , but then gave her a negative performance review .	det_poss:the:her	23086
But the health is good .	But my health is good .	det_poss:the:my	23087
( AP ) - Maybe Mitt Romney should study the family tree .	( AP ) - Maybe Mitt Romney should study his family tree .	det_poss:the:his	23088
This year , Baise has raised $ 155,000 in the race against Connolly .	This year , Baise has raised $ 155,000 in his race against Connolly .	det_poss:the:his	23089
Thank you for the leadership .	Thank you for your leadership .	det_poss:the:your	23090
I have really enjoyed it and have exceeded the expectations .	I have really enjoyed it and have exceeded my expectations .	det_poss:the:my	23091
DEAR BOB : Next spring , I plan to sell the home .	DEAR BOB : Next spring , I plan to sell my home .	det_poss:the:my	23092
D. CHAPMAN : The girl was going to jump Beth one day .	D. CHAPMAN : Your girl was going to jump Beth one day .	det_poss:the:your	23093
Brusser shouted to the friend .	Brusser shouted to his friend .	det_poss:the:his	23094
But the margins are doubtless narrower than he would prefer .	But his margins are doubtless narrower than he would prefer .	det_poss:the:his	23095
The legislation is designed to give the flexibility , the government sources said .	The legislation is designed to give her flexibility , the government sources said .	det_poss:the:her	23096
We will become cities and lose the culture .	We will become cities and lose our culture .	det_poss:the:our	23097
Weir hit the approach to 15 feet .	Weir hit his approach to 15 feet .	det_poss:the:his	23098
The site did not identify Ahlemann or name the employer .	The site did not identify Ahlemann or name his employer .	det_poss:the:his	23099
I want to see the party win .	I want to see my party win .	det_poss:the:my	23100
If you purchase it through the work , you might be .	If you purchase it through your work , you might be .	det_poss:the:your	23101
So here below is an extended version of the daddy blog roll .	So here below is an extended version of my daddy blog roll .	det_poss:the:my	23102
" " Having all the eggs in one basket can be risky .	" " Having all your eggs in one basket can be risky .	det_poss:the:your	23103
The conviction came eight years after his arrest and followed complex investigations .	His conviction came eight years after his arrest and followed complex investigations .	det_poss:the:his	23104
Wanting it all the way only leads to disappointment .	Wanting it all your way only leads to disappointment .	det_poss:the:your	23105
They are defending Fenton 's character from the depredations of the antagonists .	They are defending Fenton 's character from the depredations of his antagonists .	det_poss:the:his	23106
I do not like to let the guard down .	I do not like to let my guard down .	det_poss:the:my	23107
He says the firm is " agnostic " on other platforms .	He says his firm is " agnostic " on other platforms .	det_poss:the:his	23108
My mum kept a granny flat and Julie moved in with the family .	My mum kept a granny flat and Julie moved in with her family .	det_poss:the:her	23109
The house is small and has no guest bedrooms .	Our house is small and has no guest bedrooms .	det_poss:the:our	23110
These gains are a tribute to the military .	These gains are a tribute to our military .	det_poss:the:our	23111
Always adding new elements to the fashion repertoire , Elvis continuously reinvented himself .	Always adding new elements to his fashion repertoire , Elvis continuously reinvented himself .	det_poss:the:his	23112
Motherwell striker Chris Porter paid an emotional tribute to the team-mate O 'Donnell .	Motherwell striker Chris Porter paid an emotional tribute to his team-mate O 'Donnell .	det_poss:the:his	23113
He did not return messages left on the cellphone .	He did not return messages left on his cellphone .	det_poss:the:his	23114
He had yet to shoot the part , the paper said .	He had yet to shoot his part , the paper said .	det_poss:the:his	23115
The creations were all fired and glazed at the prison .	Her creations were all fired and glazed at the prison .	det_poss:the:her	23116
But when I first saw the work , I was completely blown away .	But when I first saw his work , I was completely blown away .	det_poss:the:his	23117
Neither Vick nor the lawyer could be reached for comment .	Neither Vick nor his lawyer could be reached for comment .	det_poss:the:his	23118
After the arrest became public , he tried to withdraw the plea .	After the arrest became public , he tried to withdraw his plea .	det_poss:the:his	23119
The deputies are grumbling that he gives too many jobs to the left .	His deputies are grumbling that he gives too many jobs to the left .	det_poss:the:his	23120
We started to realise how good the catalogue of songs is .	We started to realise how good our catalogue of songs is .	det_poss:the:our	23121
Monson grows canola , too , but wants another crop in the rotation .	Monson grows canola , too , but wants another crop in his rotation .	det_poss:the:his	23122
He shakes the fists in the air after nailing a difficult exercise .	He shakes his fists in the air after nailing a difficult exercise .	det_poss:the:his	23123
And the glasses attach to it with magnets .	And his glasses attach to it with magnets .	det_poss:the:his	23124
Would the answer change if you knew that North had four hearts ?	Would your answer change if you knew that North had four hearts ?	det_poss:the:your	23125
Shackleton made the drawing after returning from the Nimrod expedition in 1909 .	Shackleton made his drawing after returning from the Nimrod expedition in 1909 .	det_poss:the:his	23126
Another article talked about how inflation would reduce the purchasing power .	Another article talked about how inflation would reduce your purchasing power .	det_poss:the:your	23127
And the solution is a free referendum .	And our solution is a free referendum .	det_poss:the:our	23128
Include the name and phone number where you can be contacted .	Include your name and phone number where you can be contacted .	det_poss:the:your	23129
Bad business cost him the job .	Bad business cost him his job .	det_poss:the:his	23130
I thanked the host .	I thanked my host .	det_poss:the:my	23131
" " I am still amazed at the kids .	" " I am still amazed at my kids .	det_poss:the:my	23132
I am going to cut the heart out with a spoon !	I am going to cut your heart out with a spoon !	det_poss:the:your	23133
CNN : What makes the partnership work ?	CNN : What makes your partnership work ?	det_poss:the:your	23134
The goal has been universal coverage in eight years .	Her goal has been universal coverage in eight years .	det_poss:the:her	23135
A 69-year-old man was robbed as he walked the dog in Northamptonshire .	A 69-year-old man was robbed as he walked his dog in Northamptonshire .	det_poss:the:his	23136
Stewart has made illegal immigration the signature issue of the reelection campaign .	Stewart has made illegal immigration the signature issue of his reelection campaign .	det_poss:the:his	23137
In fact , 10 of the siblings are lawyers .	In fact , 10 of her siblings are lawyers .	det_poss:the:her	23138
We plan to spend most of the summers here .	We plan to spend most of our summers here .	det_poss:the:our	23139
He had started the life in a Presbyterian manse in Staunton , Va .	He had started his life in a Presbyterian manse in Staunton , Va .	det_poss:the:his	23140
The family cares about me ... forever .	My family cares about me ... forever .	det_poss:the:my	23141
Don 't want to leave the comfort of the home to workout ?	Don 't want to leave the comfort of your home to workout ?	det_poss:the:your	23142
the Performance Was Good In This Match .	our Performance Was Good In This Match .	det_poss:the:our	23143
The game has improved each day .	My game has improved each day .	det_poss:the:my	23144
The county health department may keep a list of licensed contractors , too .	Your county health department may keep a list of licensed contractors , too .	det_poss:the:your	23145
Dawn has not seen the daughter , 7 , since April .	Dawn has not seen her daughter , 7 , since April .	det_poss:the:her	23146
Perez repeatedly denied that was the motivation .	Perez repeatedly denied that was her motivation .	det_poss:the:her	23147
The sheik was identified through the mobile phone found on the body .	The sheik was identified through the mobile phone found on his body .	det_poss:the:his	23148
He knows the idea .	He knows my idea .	det_poss:the:my	23149
My wife and I are in the mid-40s and have no children .	My wife and I are in our mid-40s and have no children .	det_poss:the:our	23150
She does not enjoy having this weird character roaming around the house !	She does not enjoy having this weird character roaming around our house !	det_poss:the:our	23151
The feuds made headlines .	His feuds made headlines .	det_poss:the:his	23152
The bottom line is that you are proud of the name ?	The bottom line is that you are proud of your name ?	det_poss:the:your	23153
That is almost like selling the soul for something .	That is almost like selling your soul for something .	det_poss:the:your	23154
The cellphone and ATM card have not been used , McCormick said .	His cellphone and ATM card have not been used , McCormick said .	det_poss:the:his	23155
The question involves the private mortgage insurance required by my lender .	My question involves the private mortgage insurance required by my lender .	det_poss:the:my	23156
Craig announced the resignation Saturday after almost a week of speculation .	Craig announced his resignation Saturday after almost a week of speculation .	det_poss:the:his	23157
This fine is associated with the Industrial Chemicals segment .	This fine is associated with our Industrial Chemicals segment .	det_poss:the:our	23158
I have it in the bones .	I have it in my bones .	det_poss:the:my	23159
Another patient insisted the symptoms reflected a spiritual rather than a psychiatric crisis .	Another patient insisted his symptoms reflected a spiritual rather than a psychiatric crisis .	det_poss:the:his	23160
But with no further trouble from the heart he has returned to hill-walking .	But with no further trouble from his heart he has returned to hill-walking .	det_poss:the:his	23161
Religious profiling and discrimination have no place in the country .	Religious profiling and discrimination have no place in our country .	det_poss:the:our	23162
It was written indelibly into the memory .	It was written indelibly into my memory .	det_poss:the:my	23163
That is what the question is based on .	That is what our question is based on .	det_poss:the:our	23164
Mr. Ahern said the debate in Ireland would stretch far beyond the country .	Mr. Ahern said the debate in Ireland would stretch far beyond his country .	det_poss:the:his	23165
Emboldened , I tried telling White the technique was wrong , too .	Emboldened , I tried telling White his technique was wrong , too .	det_poss:the:his	23166
So far , the Chargers defense has underachieved .	So far , his Chargers defense has underachieved .	det_poss:the:his	23167
The inconsistent discipline in the household has not shown him a clear path .	The inconsistent discipline in your household has not shown him a clear path .	det_poss:the:your	23168
If you have been a Scout , how would you describe the experience ?	If you have been a Scout , how would you describe your experience ?	det_poss:the:your	23169
Change the shower head .	Change your shower head .	det_poss:the:your	23170
But Henderson claimed the organization has no such plans .	But Henderson claimed his organization has no such plans .	det_poss:the:his	23171
To the knowledge , no state statute addresses this issue .	To my knowledge , no state statute addresses this issue .	det_poss:the:my	23172
He went back to the chalet and did not pick up the coat .	He went back to the chalet and did not pick up his coat .	det_poss:the:his	23173
Daily , Piniella seemed to play pinochle with the lineup .	Daily , Piniella seemed to play pinochle with his lineup .	det_poss:the:his	23174
West took the heart queen and returned a heart .	West took his heart queen and returned a heart .	det_poss:the:his	23175
" We know the backs are against the wall , " he said .	" We know our backs are against the wall , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	23176
Alsop can demand a lot of the orchestras and audiences , too .	Alsop can demand a lot of her orchestras and audiences , too .	det_poss:the:her	23177
But do you really need to filter the tap water ?	But do you really need to filter your tap water ?	det_poss:the:your	23178
I still need to work on the movement around the court .	I still need to work on my movement around the court .	det_poss:the:my	23179
The glamour king Charles Busch stars in the comedy-noir about 1960s Hollywood .	The glamour king Charles Busch stars in his comedy-noir about 1960s Hollywood .	det_poss:the:his	23180
Typically , he assails the GOP opponents only after they go after him .	Typically , he assails his GOP opponents only after they go after him .	det_poss:the:his	23181
Now he is on the turf .	Now he is on my turf .	det_poss:the:my	23182
The philosophy was one of love and respect for his fellow man .	His philosophy was one of love and respect for his fellow man .	det_poss:the:his	23183
There are sprinklers throughout the house , even in closets .	There are sprinklers throughout his house , even in closets .	det_poss:the:his	23184
It has broken the heart and the hearts of my children .	It has broken her heart and the hearts of my children .	det_poss:the:her	23185
Forget the Coach purse .	Forget your Coach purse .	det_poss:the:your	23186
It is not going to be like this all the life .	It is not going to be like this all my life .	det_poss:the:my	23187
Wants turn into needs when the neighbor gets it .	Wants turn into needs when your neighbor gets it .	det_poss:the:your	23188
We have a walk-on on the team , Mark Maglio .	We have a walk-on on our team , Mark Maglio .	det_poss:the:our	23189
I am just telling you what the position is .	I am just telling you what my position is .	det_poss:the:my	23190
I cannot go home now without wasting six years of the life .	I cannot go home now without wasting six years of my life .	det_poss:the:my	23191
By Wednesday the fever was 103 and the leg pain was unbearable .	By Wednesday her fever was 103 and the leg pain was unbearable .	det_poss:the:her	23192
GALE 'S FATHER : We are going in to see the home .	GALE 'S FATHER : We are going in to see our home .	det_poss:the:our	23193
15 , Bush must present the Iraq progress report to Congress .	15 , Bush must present his Iraq progress report to Congress .	det_poss:the:his	23194
Instead of you driving the car there , the car drives itself .	Instead of you driving your car there , the car drives itself .	det_poss:the:your	23195
Youhanian did not immediately to calls to the home seeking comment Wednesday .	Youhanian did not immediately to calls to her home seeking comment Wednesday .	det_poss:the:her	23196
" I appreciate the willingness to cooperate fully , " Mr. Ban said .	" I appreciate his willingness to cooperate fully , " Mr. Ban said .	det_poss:the:his	23197
The movement is very much in character .	His movement is very much in character .	det_poss:the:his	23198
Should I talk about the performance worries with a prospective partner ?	Should I talk about my performance worries with a prospective partner ?	det_poss:the:my	23199
The Grammy-winning trumpeter pledged the money through the Herb Alpert Foundation .	The Grammy-winning trumpeter pledged the money through his Herb Alpert Foundation .	det_poss:the:his	23200
The bangs looked good , but they felt like a forehead toupee .	My bangs looked good , but they felt like a forehead toupee .	det_poss:the:my	23201
Hillary Clinton 's best chance at the White House is the gender .	Hillary Clinton 's best chance at the White House is her gender .	det_poss:the:her	23202
In contrast to the employer , Anya is body first and intellect second .	In contrast to her employer , Anya is body first and intellect second .	det_poss:the:her	23203
That is just not the policy priority .	That is just not my policy priority .	det_poss:the:my	23204
Who gets the vote for " Dud of the Decade " ?	Who gets your vote for " Dud of the Decade " ?	det_poss:the:your	23205
What was the house worth in 1997 ?	What was your house worth in 1997 ?	det_poss:the:your	23206
The problem is not unique .	His problem is not unique .	det_poss:the:his	23207
Molly said she did not know the baby was injured .	Molly said she did not know her baby was injured .	det_poss:the:her	23208
The difference is a softer , more appealing glow to the pictures .	The difference is a softer , more appealing glow to your pictures .	det_poss:the:your	23209
Hamilton refuses to give up the grip on a possible title .	Hamilton refuses to give up his grip on a possible title .	det_poss:the:his	23210
Her husband is in jail , and the baby daughter under police guard .	Her husband is in jail , and her baby daughter under police guard .	det_poss:the:her	23211
That is the legacy .	That is his legacy .	det_poss:the:his	23212
People are responding very positively to the proposals .	People are responding very positively to our proposals .	det_poss:the:our	23213
George himself has always protested the innocence .	George himself has always protested his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	23214
Has this happened in the area ?	Has this happened in your area ?	det_poss:the:your	23215
I thought one of the listeners was being overzealous .	I thought one of my listeners was being overzealous .	det_poss:the:my	23216
Find out the family history of eye disease .	Find out your family history of eye disease .	det_poss:the:your	23217
After an hour of the testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	After an hour of his testimony , Perez left the room sobbing .	det_poss:the:his	23218
Have you had all the shots ?	Have you had all your shots ?	det_poss:the:your	23219
The Netflix night comes with a dash of someone else 's house party .	Your Netflix night comes with a dash of someone else 's house party .	det_poss:the:your	23220
They know that the photography is speaking for them .	They know that my photography is speaking for them .	det_poss:the:my	23221
He needs to change that tone or discredit more of the challengers .	He needs to change that tone or discredit more of his challengers .	det_poss:the:his	23222
But the government denied this .	But his government denied this .	det_poss:the:his	23223
The team analysed data on 94,307 women who gave birth in Latin America .	His team analysed data on 94,307 women who gave birth in Latin America .	det_poss:the:his	23224
We have definitely changed the habits .	We have definitely changed our habits .	det_poss:the:our	23225
If the winner tests positive , she will be stripped of the title .	If the winner tests positive , she will be stripped of her title .	det_poss:the:her	23226
The characters tend to be either laconic or torrentially talkative .	His characters tend to be either laconic or torrentially talkative .	det_poss:the:his	23227
Saliva is nature 's way of keeping the breath fresh .	Saliva is nature 's way of keeping your breath fresh .	det_poss:the:your	23228
But it helps explain why the Straight Talk Express got traction .	But it helps explain why his Straight Talk Express got traction .	det_poss:the:his	23229
Wednesday and took the youth into custody at the home around 10 .	Wednesday and took the youth into custody at his home around 10 .	det_poss:the:his	23230
Mr Wakodo told The Times that the Queen had answered all the prayers .	Mr Wakodo told The Times that the Queen had answered all his prayers .	det_poss:the:his	23231
I supplemented the income by selling antique furniture .	I supplemented my income by selling antique furniture .	det_poss:the:my	23232
We expected and will expect firm steps from the counterparts .	We expected and will expect firm steps from our counterparts .	det_poss:the:our	23233
He lost by one point and I believe it was not the fault .	He lost by one point and I believe it was not his fault .	det_poss:the:his	23234
The suit does not allege sexual behavior on the part .	The suit does not allege sexual behavior on her part .	det_poss:the:her	23235
What is the best way to get people out from behind the desk ?	What is the best way to get people out from behind my desk ?	det_poss:the:my	23236
It was a perfect place for the family .	It was a perfect place for our family .	det_poss:the:our	23237
" " Who knows what was going through the mind ?	" " Who knows what was going through his mind ?	det_poss:the:his	23238
Assess the situation , then go to work .	Assess your situation , then go to work .	det_poss:the:your	23239
I cannot imagine a more exciting time or place to apply the experience .	I cannot imagine a more exciting time or place to apply my experience .	det_poss:the:my	23240
FERGIE : With family , I just want to be with the family .	FERGIE : With family , I just want to be with my family .	det_poss:the:my	23241
Huckabee refuted criticism of the record on clemency requests .	Huckabee refuted criticism of his record on clemency requests .	det_poss:the:his	23242
The correspondent is not particularly leaden-footed .	Your correspondent is not particularly leaden-footed .	det_poss:the:your	23243
Everyone knows you spread the risks .	Everyone knows you spread your risks .	det_poss:the:your	23244
What is the reaction to the death of Tose Proeski ?	What is your reaction to the death of Tose Proeski ?	det_poss:the:your	23245
He said he now spends most of the time on advertising projects .	He said he now spends most of his time on advertising projects .	det_poss:the:his	23246
He almost lost the store because of financial difficulties a few years ago .	He almost lost his store because of financial difficulties a few years ago .	det_poss:the:his	23247
So Rupert calls the grandfather George .	So Rupert calls his grandfather George .	det_poss:the:his	23248
They , like I and the family , feel your pain and sorrows .	They , like I and my family , feel your pain and sorrows .	det_poss:the:my	23249
Some of the advice follows .	Some of her advice follows .	det_poss:the:her	23250
Another died later of the wounds , a defence ministry official said .	Another died later of his wounds , a defence ministry official said .	det_poss:the:his	23251
Thomas Davis Rust ( R-Herndon ) is in the fight of the life .	Thomas Davis Rust ( R-Herndon ) is in the fight of his life .	det_poss:the:his	23252
I have never coached like that in the life .	I have never coached like that in my life .	det_poss:the:my	23253
Dealer , at the right , opens one club .	Dealer , at your right , opens one club .	det_poss:the:your	23254
" " Hello , the name is Michael Jackson .	" " Hello , my name is Michael Jackson .	det_poss:the:my	23255
Easing down a ramp to the mailbox is a perilous 15-minute ordeal .	Easing down a ramp to her mailbox is a perilous 15-minute ordeal .	det_poss:the:her	23256
She was photographed wearing an alcohol-monitoring ankle bracelet after the release .	She was photographed wearing an alcohol-monitoring ankle bracelet after her release .	det_poss:the:her	23257
By Rachel D 'Oro What did the body need ?	By Rachel D 'Oro What did her body need ?	det_poss:the:her	23258
The gifts , large and small , have been very generous .	Your gifts , large and small , have been very generous .	det_poss:the:your	23259
McKenna discovered one parent was doing the child 's homework .	McKenna discovered one parent was doing her child 's homework .	det_poss:the:her	23260
The next day , ul Haque said , he got the answer .	The next day , ul Haque said , he got his answer .	det_poss:the:his	23261
He jumped from the car , unsure of what had happened .	He jumped from his car , unsure of what had happened .	det_poss:the:his	23262
Gordon , 49 , will be deeply missed , the colleagues said .	Gordon , 49 , will be deeply missed , her colleagues said .	det_poss:the:her	23263
The backup is Reggie Torbor .	His backup is Reggie Torbor .	det_poss:the:his	23264
He was deported after serving the sentence .	He was deported after serving his sentence .	det_poss:the:his	23265
He denounced Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for the remarks about destroying Israel .	He denounced Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for his remarks about destroying Israel .	det_poss:the:his	23266
The chromosomes had been analyzed .	His chromosomes had been analyzed .	det_poss:the:his	23267
Excessive drinking raises the blood pressure .	Excessive drinking raises your blood pressure .	det_poss:the:your	23268
But things you tell the friends evolve over months or years .	But things you tell your friends evolve over months or years .	det_poss:the:your	23269
As they are hustlers , they will take the money .	As they are hustlers , they will take your money .	det_poss:the:your	23270
Recently I have been coming out with the sexuality .	Recently I have been coming out with my sexuality .	det_poss:the:my	23271
For many people , the return is of little consequence .	For many people , her return is of little consequence .	det_poss:the:her	23272
Is the skin singing the sugar blues ?	Is your skin singing the sugar blues ?	det_poss:the:your	23273
The way has gotten her far in America .	Her way has gotten her far in America .	det_poss:the:her	23274
She dismisses concerns about the lack of executive experience .	She dismisses concerns about his lack of executive experience .	det_poss:the:his	23275
We did the duty - not press releases but action .	We did our duty - not press releases but action .	det_poss:the:our	23276
He is like the little guy with the chip on the shoulder .	He is like the little guy with the chip on his shoulder .	det_poss:the:his	23277
Three parties have been given in the honor .	Three parties have been given in his honor .	det_poss:the:his	23278
" I had to rebuild the business , " he said .	" I had to rebuild my business , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	23279
These new items will help transform the kitchen and bath in no time .	These new items will help transform your kitchen and bath in no time .	det_poss:the:your	23280
But a U.S. official in Iraq seemed to take them in the stride .	But a U.S. official in Iraq seemed to take them in his stride .	det_poss:the:his	23281
He credits the public with guiding the performances .	He credits the public with guiding his performances .	det_poss:the:his	23282
He said he had sex with the days before she died .	He said he had sex with her days before she died .	det_poss:the:her	23283
Kentucky Republican Gov. Ernie Fletcher lost the bid for a second term .	Kentucky Republican Gov. Ernie Fletcher lost his bid for a second term .	det_poss:the:his	23284
Hollywood star Dennis Quaid is celebrating after the birth of the twins .	Hollywood star Dennis Quaid is celebrating after the birth of his twins .	det_poss:the:his	23285
We want the children in school .	We want our children in school .	det_poss:the:our	23286
I have since learned that the information was inaccurate .	I have since learned that my information was inaccurate .	det_poss:the:my	23287
One of those researchers , Dr. Christine Moravec , returned the call .	One of those researchers , Dr. Christine Moravec , returned his call .	det_poss:the:his	23288
Please keep the question sharp , brief and to the point .	Please keep your question sharp , brief and to the point .	det_poss:the:your	23289
But the investigation is ongoing .	But his investigation is ongoing .	det_poss:the:his	23290
36-year-old man arrested over the death has been released on bail .	36-year-old man arrested over her death has been released on bail .	det_poss:the:her	23291
Ronnie lurches forward in the chair .	Ronnie lurches forward in his chair .	det_poss:the:his	23292
The followers pressed Obama to drop out .	Her followers pressed Obama to drop out .	det_poss:the:her	23293
On the stump , he rarely goes into great detail about the positions .	On the stump , he rarely goes into great detail about his positions .	det_poss:the:his	23294
So much of the life has become so much more interesting .	So much of my life has become so much more interesting .	det_poss:the:my	23295
The boyfriend is black .	Her boyfriend is black .	det_poss:the:her	23296
Communicate the desires .	Communicate your desires .	det_poss:the:your	23297
Rubens Barrichello has not enjoyed much success at the home race .	Rubens Barrichello has not enjoyed much success at his home race .	det_poss:the:his	23298
So has he been able to erase the incident from the mind ?	So has he been able to erase the incident from his mind ?	det_poss:the:his	23299
The hometown is Madison , Alabama .	His hometown is Madison , Alabama .	det_poss:the:his	23300
It is important to have the blood pressure checked several times per year .	It is important to have your blood pressure checked several times per year .	det_poss:the:your	23301
The hiring comes at a busy time in Washington for the company .	His hiring comes at a busy time in Washington for the company .	det_poss:the:his	23302
Most of the time the patients are deceased .	Most of the time his patients are deceased .	det_poss:the:his	23303
This is the territory .	This is my territory .	det_poss:the:my	23304
But the replacements apparently were not all that entered the body that day .	But the replacements apparently were not all that entered her body that day .	det_poss:the:her	23305
Click here to see how the representative voted for the resolution .	Click here to see how your representative voted for the resolution .	det_poss:the:your	23306
The presence sparks the crisis which leads to the novel 's denouement .	His presence sparks the crisis which leads to the novel 's denouement .	det_poss:the:his	23307
Bocca plans to continue directing the troupe , Ballet Argentino .	Bocca plans to continue directing his troupe , Ballet Argentino .	det_poss:the:his	23308
The children will benefit from your dedication .	Our children will benefit from your dedication .	det_poss:the:our	23309
And have you tried to get the friends to read it ?	And have you tried to get his friends to read it ?	det_poss:the:his	23310
" " There are only two important questions in the mind .	" " There are only two important questions in our mind .	det_poss:the:our	23311
The decree said revenues should be distributed in a more just way .	His decree said revenues should be distributed in a more just way .	det_poss:the:his	23312
Do you avoid a ticket if it is the birthday ?	Do you avoid a ticket if it is your birthday ?	det_poss:the:your	23313
Brings a tear to the eye , does not it ?	Brings a tear to your eye , does not it ?	det_poss:the:your	23314
FIRST get the man .	FIRST get your man .	det_poss:the:your	23315
We took the game as a part of the learning for the players .	We took the game as a part of the learning for our players .	det_poss:the:our	23316
" " I think the call on Citi was dead on .	" " I think her call on Citi was dead on .	det_poss:the:her	23317
He is an intelligent man and meticulous in the preparation .	He is an intelligent man and meticulous in his preparation .	det_poss:the:his	23318
Eyewitnesses described seeing the sitting on a bench eating chips .	Eyewitnesses described seeing her sitting on a bench eating chips .	det_poss:the:her	23319
Watch the tone of the e-mail messages .	Watch the tone of your e-mail messages .	det_poss:the:your	23320
I arrived there a Maine boy with hayseed still in the hair .	I arrived there a Maine boy with hayseed still in his hair .	det_poss:the:his	23321
But , he said , that was just the beginning of the headaches .	But , he said , that was just the beginning of his headaches .	det_poss:the:his	23322
McCain since has shifted the position to focus more on securing the border .	McCain since has shifted his position to focus more on securing the border .	det_poss:the:his	23323
But whatever the costume , Slattery manifests a remarkable range .	But whatever his costume , Slattery manifests a remarkable range .	det_poss:the:his	23324
She had been walking the dog on Wimbledon Common in August 1992 .	She had been walking her dog on Wimbledon Common in August 1992 .	det_poss:the:her	23325
We really appreciate the spending time with us .	We really appreciate your spending time with us .	det_poss:the:your	23326
Her husband spends most of the time in New York .	Her husband spends most of his time in New York .	det_poss:the:his	23327
Persico later praised him for the loyalty .	Persico later praised him for his loyalty .	det_poss:the:his	23328
Around the same time , the marriage was crumbling .	Around the same time , his marriage was crumbling .	det_poss:the:his	23329
But the voice can make truisms sound like confessions .	But her voice can make truisms sound like confessions .	det_poss:the:her	23330
The cause was cancer , the daughter , Jeannie Cooke MacEachern , said .	The cause was cancer , her daughter , Jeannie Cooke MacEachern , said .	det_poss:the:her	23331
22 as several hundred pro-democracy demonstrators were allowed to march past the house .	22 as several hundred pro-democracy demonstrators were allowed to march past her house .	det_poss:the:her	23332
But teachers dispute the description .	But teachers dispute her description .	det_poss:the:her	23333
Which hurt the chances .	Which hurt my chances .	det_poss:the:my	23334
So hold the nose .	So hold your nose .	det_poss:the:your	23335
I could sell the story right now !	I could sell my story right now !	det_poss:the:my	23336
But I am not holding the breath .	But I am not holding my breath .	det_poss:the:my	23337
He wanted to stand tall with the teammates .	He wanted to stand tall with his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	23338
You cannot use the phone to call for assistance .	You cannot use your phone to call for assistance .	det_poss:the:your	23339
... So the coattails , he implied , would be healthily multi-hued .	... So his coattails , he implied , would be healthily multi-hued .	det_poss:the:his	23340
He allegedly tried to stab the girlfriend and her children Wednesday .	He allegedly tried to stab his girlfriend and her children Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	23341
I do not want to see that in the country .	I do not want to see that in my country .	det_poss:the:my	23342
Here 's Nix Check Cashing , where I used to bring the grandfather .	Here 's Nix Check Cashing , where I used to bring my grandfather .	det_poss:the:my	23343
I read with the kids every night .	I read with my kids every night .	det_poss:the:my	23344
You could not stage the joy on the face in their wedding photos .	You could not stage the joy on her face in their wedding photos .	det_poss:the:her	23345
We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause the views to change .	We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change .	det_poss:the:our	23346
Last year , she moved in with the boyfriend in Williamsburg .	Last year , she moved in with her boyfriend in Williamsburg .	det_poss:the:her	23347
He sat gnashing the teeth but largely silent as Mr. Fromong answered questions .	He sat gnashing his teeth but largely silent as Mr. Fromong answered questions .	det_poss:the:his	23348
The daughter will have nowhere to sleep .	My daughter will have nowhere to sleep .	det_poss:the:my	23349
The claim of being a lifelong hunter was similar .	His claim of being a lifelong hunter was similar .	det_poss:the:his	23350
In the beginning , the editors wrote the questions .	In the beginning , my editors wrote the questions .	det_poss:the:my	23351
Broadbent shared the award with Dutch actor Pierre Bokma .	Broadbent shared his award with Dutch actor Pierre Bokma .	det_poss:the:his	23352
Way cool if he brings the crew to Ben 's Chili Bowl .	Way cool if he brings his crew to Ben 's Chili Bowl .	det_poss:the:his	23353
The family dog , Coco , yaps at the heels .	The family dog , Coco , yaps at your heels .	det_poss:the:your	23354
Read the report out loud .	Read your report out loud .	det_poss:the:your	23355
Bryant declined to say whether the trade request stood .	Bryant declined to say whether his trade request stood .	det_poss:the:his	23356
Well in the case of a quarterback , the receivers assume that role .	Well in the case of a quarterback , his receivers assume that role .	det_poss:the:his	23357
Can the standards have really sunk so low ?	Can our standards have really sunk so low ?	det_poss:the:our	23358
GOK Wan eat the heart out !	GOK Wan eat your heart out !	det_poss:the:your	23359
But the party members praise him for those same attributes .	But his party members praise him for those same attributes .	det_poss:the:his	23360
Beyond that , take a close look at the trainer 's meal plan .	Beyond that , take a close look at your trainer 's meal plan .	det_poss:the:your	23361
" The class teacher delivered the news , " said Omori .	" Our class teacher delivered the news , " said Omori .	det_poss:the:our	23362
Eighty per cent of the money goes to charity .	Eighty per cent of my money goes to charity .	det_poss:the:my	23363
The TV ratings will go way up .	Your TV ratings will go way up .	det_poss:the:your	23364
The faith was strong enough for every test that came his way .	His faith was strong enough for every test that came his way .	det_poss:the:his	23365
" Slide the name down the chart , " Flores told Enrique .	" Slide your name down the chart , " Flores told Enrique .	det_poss:the:your	23366
Al-Anon saved the life .	Al-Anon saved my life .	det_poss:the:my	23367
But already the imprint of the personality was unmistakable .	But already the imprint of his personality was unmistakable .	det_poss:the:his	23368
He has the PhD from the University of Southern California in Chemical Engineering .	He has his PhD from the University of Southern California in Chemical Engineering .	det_poss:the:his	23369
Mailer : No , it hurts the sense of intellectual pollution .	Mailer : No , it hurts my sense of intellectual pollution .	det_poss:the:my	23370
I certainly hope he does take the advice .	I certainly hope he does take my advice .	det_poss:the:my	23371
In particular , students recall with enthusiasm the lectures on embryology .	In particular , students recall with enthusiasm his lectures on embryology .	det_poss:the:his	23372
My parents had divorced shortly after the adoption .	My parents had divorced shortly after my adoption .	det_poss:the:my	23373
Kane has changed since the accident , the son said .	Kane has changed since the accident , her son said .	det_poss:the:her	23374
The numbers make you scratch the head .	The numbers make you scratch your head .	det_poss:the:your	23375
Channel the mind somewhere else .	Channel your mind somewhere else .	det_poss:the:your	23376
The results reveal some voter impressions on which this election may well turn .	Our results reveal some voter impressions on which this election may well turn .	det_poss:the:our	23377
Despite camera coverage , minutes of the movements cannot be accounted for .	Despite camera coverage , minutes of his movements cannot be accounted for .	det_poss:the:his	23378
The pilot episode of " The Second Life " is available on YouTube .	The pilot episode of " My Second Life " is available on YouTube .	det_poss:the:my	23379
Scales had always prided herself on the appearance .	Scales had always prided herself on her appearance .	det_poss:the:her	23380
Three weeks later , He made good on the promise .	Three weeks later , He made good on his promise .	det_poss:the:his	23381
It was good to go see the run .	It was good to go see her run .	det_poss:the:her	23382
The death did not put his family out of danger .	His death did not put his family out of danger .	det_poss:the:his	23383
The mind is sharp .	My mind is sharp .	det_poss:the:my	23384
" That probably saved the life , " Hoffman said .	" That probably saved his life , " Hoffman said .	det_poss:the:his	23385
Berard 's career could have ended a few times after the eye injury .	Berard 's career could have ended a few times after his eye injury .	det_poss:the:his	23386
Water never crossed the threshold .	Water never crossed his threshold .	det_poss:the:his	23387
Benazir was the eldest of the children .	Benazir was the eldest of his children .	det_poss:the:his	23388
Labash tried to ply him with alcohol to loosen the tongue .	Labash tried to ply him with alcohol to loosen his tongue .	det_poss:the:his	23389
He was acquitted of perjury for allegedly falsely declaring the assets .	He was acquitted of perjury for allegedly falsely declaring his assets .	det_poss:the:his	23390
Asked how things were going , he raised the eyebrows quizzically .	Asked how things were going , he raised his eyebrows quizzically .	det_poss:the:his	23391
That same year , Abigail 's 6-year-old brother broke the arm twice .	That same year , Abigail 's 6-year-old brother broke his arm twice .	det_poss:the:his	23392
Were you so shocked by the thoughts that you stifled them ?	Were you so shocked by your thoughts that you stifled them ?	det_poss:the:your	23393
But they kept saying how it was to the advantage .	But they kept saying how it was to our advantage .	det_poss:the:our	23394
The rest of the time was for administrative duties .	The rest of his time was for administrative duties .	det_poss:the:his	23395
Spitzer Dropping The License Plan Rizzo declined to comment about the job .	Spitzer Dropping His License Plan Rizzo declined to comment about the job .	det_poss:the:his	23396
Mending Broken Bonds With The Kids It is where you want to be .	Mending Broken Bonds With Your Kids It is where you want to be .	det_poss:the:your	23397
The 22-year-old was dismissed for violating the agreement with athletic director Tom Jurich .	The 22-year-old was dismissed for violating his agreement with athletic director Tom Jurich .	det_poss:the:his	23398
The birth of the baby the previous September was not that interesting .	The birth of her baby the previous September was not that interesting .	det_poss:the:her	23399
What is it doing in the life ?	What is it doing in my life ?	det_poss:the:my	23400
But that is just part of the crackdown on immigration .	But that is just part of his crackdown on immigration .	det_poss:the:his	23401
It is another aspect of the life in Australia .	It is another aspect of my life in Australia .	det_poss:the:my	23402
The concert tour is pretty much sold out .	Her concert tour is pretty much sold out .	det_poss:the:her	23403
Prosecutors at Exeter Crown Court rejected the plea of manslaughter .	Prosecutors at Exeter Crown Court rejected his plea of manslaughter .	det_poss:the:his	23404
Let us take responsibility for the actions and not blame others .	Let us take responsibility for our actions and not blame others .	det_poss:the:our	23405
This is the proudest moment of the career .	This is the proudest moment of my career .	det_poss:the:my	23406
" It was obviously not someone in the agency , " he said .	" It was obviously not someone in our agency , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	23407
He could not quite put the finger on it .	He could not quite put his finger on it .	det_poss:the:his	23408
I asked Rosa Dailey yesterday how she would be spending the Thanksgiving .	I asked Rosa Dailey yesterday how she would be spending her Thanksgiving .	det_poss:the:her	23409
It has clouded the life for 52 years .	It has clouded my life for 52 years .	det_poss:the:my	23410
Tennessee 's Vince Young matched the career high with three interceptions .	Tennessee 's Vince Young matched his career high with three interceptions .	det_poss:the:his	23411
The life , it is only football .	My life , it is only football .	det_poss:the:my	23412
Hopefully , I can finish the coaching career here .	Hopefully , I can finish my coaching career here .	det_poss:the:my	23413
The number one priority is to provide top-quality service to our customers .	Our number one priority is to provide top-quality service to our customers .	det_poss:the:our	23414
The Fossil Stone is a beautifully polished spiral which has a tactile attractiveness .	His Fossil Stone is a beautifully polished spiral which has a tactile attractiveness .	det_poss:the:his	23415
The statistics have been remarkably consistent from one year to the next .	His statistics have been remarkably consistent from one year to the next .	det_poss:the:his	23416
They took the clothes away .	They took your clothes away .	det_poss:the:your	23417
You have to find out why the buyers did not show up .	You have to find out why your buyers did not show up .	det_poss:the:your	23418
The faith is strong .	Your faith is strong .	det_poss:the:your	23419
That is not what the people found .	That is not what our people found .	det_poss:the:our	23420
But he said he was considering returning to the homeland .	But he said he was considering returning to his homeland .	det_poss:the:his	23421
Toyer said two of the nieces have received grants through the program .	Toyer said two of her nieces have received grants through the program .	det_poss:the:her	23422
It affects every day of the life .	It affects every day of my life .	det_poss:the:my	23423
The freshman year I ran a 4.43 .	My freshman year I ran a 4.43 .	det_poss:the:my	23424
The family struggled .	His family struggled .	det_poss:the:his	23425
It is in the self-interest to support labor mobility , development and advancement .	It is in our self-interest to support labor mobility , development and advancement .	det_poss:the:our	23426
Thome raised the arm in the air as he rounded the bases .	Thome raised his arm in the air as he rounded the bases .	det_poss:the:his	23427
New York guard Nate Robinson defended the team 's effort .	New York guard Nate Robinson defended his team 's effort .	det_poss:the:his	23428
During the visit , Madonna plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalists .	During her visit , Madonna plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalists .	det_poss:the:her	23429
He said the dream is to sell computers .	He said his dream is to sell computers .	det_poss:the:his	23430
A. No , Tommy Hilfiger would be the entry price point .	A. No , Tommy Hilfiger would be our entry price point .	det_poss:the:our	23431
Real defender Christoph Metzelder celebrates a goal for the side .	Real defender Christoph Metzelder celebrates a goal for his side .	det_poss:the:his	23432
Pearson was asked to provide witnesses on the behalf .	Pearson was asked to provide witnesses on his behalf .	det_poss:the:his	23433
But he insists that he is free to get on with the job .	But he insists that he is free to get on with his job .	det_poss:the:his	23434
" George is frozen there in the mind , " Gilroy says .	" George is frozen there in his mind , " Gilroy says .	det_poss:the:his	23435
A blood vessel in the head might have burst , Wheelock says .	A blood vessel in her head might have burst , Wheelock says .	det_poss:the:her	23436
In addition , Erhlich must report daily with the attorney .	In addition , Erhlich must report daily with his attorney .	det_poss:the:his	23437
They were not hostile kids , at least in the interactions .	They were not hostile kids , at least in my interactions .	det_poss:the:my	23438
Barrett wishes he did not have to take the word for it .	Barrett wishes he did not have to take her word for it .	det_poss:the:her	23439
Police said the relatives had been informed .	Police said his relatives had been informed .	det_poss:the:his	23440
So what 's the beef , exactly ?	So what 's your beef , exactly ?	det_poss:the:your	23441
The boy 's name was not released because of the age .	The boy 's name was not released because of his age .	det_poss:the:his	23442
The injury is fine and the fitness is fine .	The injury is fine and his fitness is fine .	det_poss:the:his	23443
In the paper , Mr. Asness reaches a similar conclusion .	In his paper , Mr. Asness reaches a similar conclusion .	det_poss:the:his	23444
Poor nutrition and physical inactivity are robbing America of the health and productivity .	Poor nutrition and physical inactivity are robbing America of our health and productivity .	det_poss:the:our	23445
Bad eating habit : You eat the way out of a bad mood .	Bad eating habit : You eat your way out of a bad mood .	det_poss:the:your	23446
Prime Minister Hun Sen and the allies control several broadcasters .	Prime Minister Hun Sen and his allies control several broadcasters .	det_poss:the:his	23447
Expanding trade will help the economy grow .	Expanding trade will help our economy grow .	det_poss:the:our	23448
But the ballpark is in the dreams .	But the ballpark is in his dreams .	det_poss:the:his	23449
If you want the stories to match up , just tell the truth .	If you want our stories to match up , just tell the truth .	det_poss:the:our	23450
She shrieked a little and wobbled the head .	She shrieked a little and wobbled her head .	det_poss:the:her	23451
He also said to watch other farmers harvesting the land was painful .	He also said to watch other farmers harvesting his land was painful .	det_poss:the:his	23452
You want fried latte with the cobbler on a stick ?	You want fried latte with your cobbler on a stick ?	det_poss:the:your	23453
The lender had his home reappraised at the last minute .	His lender had his home reappraised at the last minute .	det_poss:the:his	23454
And the post-season average is .275 , over 465 at-bats .	And his post-season average is .275 , over 465 at-bats .	det_poss:the:his	23455
Who will be the contact person if you are separated ?	Who will be your contact person if you are separated ?	det_poss:the:your	23456
More than trust , she is earned the love .	More than trust , she is earned her love .	det_poss:the:her	23457
" Yes , the family , " Miss Skattergoods joined in .	" Yes , your family , " Miss Skattergoods joined in .	det_poss:the:your	23458
The reactions are very fast indeed .	My reactions are very fast indeed .	det_poss:the:my	23459
The doctor told me I had been given a second chance at life .	My doctor told me I had been given a second chance at life .	det_poss:the:my	23460
Ashton knew the lineup regardless .	Ashton knew his lineup regardless .	det_poss:the:his	23461
Jacobs rarely carries malice in the voice .	Jacobs rarely carries malice in his voice .	det_poss:the:his	23462
When officers searched the house they found another device in a shoe box .	When officers searched his house they found another device in a shoe box .	det_poss:the:his	23463
* Cover the window air conditioners to reduce drafts .	* Cover your window air conditioners to reduce drafts .	det_poss:the:your	23464
This new partnership represents yet another important expansion of the Sponsor Finance Group .	This new partnership represents yet another important expansion of our Sponsor Finance Group .	det_poss:the:our	23465
Everybody is on the radar .	Everybody is on our radar .	det_poss:the:our	23466
If the driveway is badly aged , consider repaving it .	If your driveway is badly aged , consider repaving it .	det_poss:the:your	23467
AHMADINEJAD ( THROUGH TRANSLATOR ) : Well , thank you for the cooperation .	AHMADINEJAD ( THROUGH TRANSLATOR ) : Well , thank you for your cooperation .	det_poss:the:your	23468
Sunglasses dangle on a strap around the neck .	Sunglasses dangle on a strap around his neck .	det_poss:the:his	23469
Whatever it took , I was determined to bond with the baby .	Whatever it took , I was determined to bond with my baby .	det_poss:the:my	23470
" I find the equivocation here somewhat troubling , " said the senator .	" I find your equivocation here somewhat troubling , " said the senator .	det_poss:the:your	23471
" The son was sitting behind me , " he said .	" My son was sitting behind me , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	23472
Speak to the Local Authority or waste disposal contractor .	Speak to your Local Authority or waste disposal contractor .	det_poss:the:your	23473
The uncle did the same thing for his children .	Her uncle did the same thing for his children .	det_poss:the:her	23474
The knees , on the other hand , well that is another story .	My knees , on the other hand , well that is another story .	det_poss:the:my	23475
Do something new with the spouse .	Do something new with your spouse .	det_poss:the:your	23476
They are also excited to experiment with the cameras and studio lights .	They are also excited to experiment with his cameras and studio lights .	det_poss:the:his	23477
Q : Should I have the child tested for lead ?	Q : Should I have my child tested for lead ?	det_poss:the:my	23478
But recently , Master P has drastically changed the tune .	But recently , Master P has drastically changed his tune .	det_poss:the:his	23479
Robert Mazzuca : We have an epidemic of childhood obesity in the country .	Robert Mazzuca : We have an epidemic of childhood obesity in our country .	det_poss:the:our	23480
The refusal to declare water-boarding illegal angered many Bush administration foes .	His refusal to declare water-boarding illegal angered many Bush administration foes .	det_poss:the:his	23481
Mr. Lewis said the team was assessing the investment bank 's severe underperformance .	Mr. Lewis said his team was assessing the investment bank 's severe underperformance .	det_poss:the:his	23482
The Honda Civic was found Monday afternoon .	Her Honda Civic was found Monday afternoon .	det_poss:the:her	23483
Come Armageddon , I am hanging on to the number .	Come Armageddon , I am hanging on to his number .	det_poss:the:his	23484
Hannah was the pride and joy .	Hannah was our pride and joy .	det_poss:the:our	23485
The man has the reasons .	The man has his reasons .	det_poss:the:his	23486
Trust the instincts .	Trust your instincts .	det_poss:the:your	23487
" The personality is unique , " Manager Terry Francona said .	" His personality is unique , " Manager Terry Francona said .	det_poss:the:his	23488
Put The Comments on Video and Share Them at i-CAUGHT .	Put Your Comments on Video and Share Them at i-CAUGHT .	det_poss:the:your	23489
And that is what the company is doing .	And that is what his company is doing .	det_poss:the:his	23490
Because 8th Avenue has the worst reception for the phone .	Because 8th Avenue has the worst reception for my phone .	det_poss:the:my	23491
This means the guests usually end up staying for a while .	This means our guests usually end up staying for a while .	det_poss:the:our	23492
Have you tried putting egg in the underpants ?	Have you tried putting egg in your underpants ?	det_poss:the:your	23493
" The goal is to win every game , " he said .	" Our goal is to win every game , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	23494
HAVE you taken advantage of this year 's tax-free allowance for the savings ?	HAVE you taken advantage of this year 's tax-free allowance for your savings ?	det_poss:the:your	23495
The Texas native lost the hand in a roadside bomb attack in 2005 .	The Texas native lost his hand in a roadside bomb attack in 2005 .	det_poss:the:his	23496
The jumper 's sweet .	His jumper 's sweet .	det_poss:the:his	23497
Why do we have to confine the thinking ?	Why do we have to confine our thinking ?	det_poss:the:our	23498
It is the business .	It is his business .	det_poss:the:his	23499
Ryan said those issues had nothing to do with the resignation .	Ryan said those issues had nothing to do with his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	23500
Blank for a second , then he shook the head .	Blank for a second , then he shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	23501
She is the lifesaver .	She is my lifesaver .	det_poss:the:my	23502
Somewhere along the way , though , the paths diverged .	Somewhere along the way , though , our paths diverged .	det_poss:the:our	23503
Assad says it was harmless , whatever Maybe the critics were right .	Assad says it was harmless , whatever Maybe my critics were right .	det_poss:the:my	23504
That is a wrap on the show for today .	That is a wrap on our show for today .	det_poss:the:our	23505
She is done it this way before all the tours .	She is done it this way before all her tours .	det_poss:the:her	23506
Stephen Colbert may need to get some truthiness from the lawyers .	Stephen Colbert may need to get some truthiness from his lawyers .	det_poss:the:his	23507
We will strengthen the democracy and unity of the country .	We will strengthen the democracy and unity of our country .	det_poss:the:our	23508
That is what was in the mind .	That is what was in my mind .	det_poss:the:my	23509
The stories begin in different ways .	Our stories begin in different ways .	det_poss:the:our	23510
The wealth derives from the property empire that her father founded .	Her wealth derives from the property empire that her father founded .	det_poss:the:her	23511
Smith may be inclined to help out the friend on a semi-permanent basis .	Smith may be inclined to help out his friend on a semi-permanent basis .	det_poss:the:his	23512
Mr LaHaye may yet get the Antichrist .	Mr LaHaye may yet get his Antichrist .	det_poss:the:his	23513
I am trying to save the family .	I am trying to save my family .	det_poss:the:my	23514
Then the Jaguar stalled and he was unable to move .	Then his Jaguar stalled and he was unable to move .	det_poss:the:his	23515
-- Get the most out of the calories .	-- Get the most out of your calories .	det_poss:the:your	23516
Still , implementing drug testing speaks to what the community stands for .	Still , implementing drug testing speaks to what our community stands for .	det_poss:the:our	23517
These are the guys , and I have faith in them .	These are my guys , and I have faith in them .	det_poss:the:my	23518
This kind of support can double the success , studies say .	This kind of support can double your success , studies say .	det_poss:the:your	23519
He was much more aggressive Friday , opening things up for the teammates .	He was much more aggressive Friday , opening things up for his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	23520
11 essay ignited an investigation over the writings and research .	11 essay ignited an investigation over his writings and research .	det_poss:the:his	23521
... He has left the residence and is hiding some place .	... He has left his residence and is hiding some place .	det_poss:the:his	23522
Do I have a chance to get the deposit back ?	Do I have a chance to get my deposit back ?	det_poss:the:my	23523
Instead , get a referral to an accredited debt counselor in the area .	Instead , get a referral to an accredited debt counselor in your area .	det_poss:the:your	23524
The leadership and vision made him an excellent candidate .	His leadership and vision made him an excellent candidate .	det_poss:the:his	23525
The kitchen cabinet got a makeover , too .	Her kitchen cabinet got a makeover , too .	det_poss:the:her	23526
Independence is in the nature .	Independence is in our nature .	det_poss:the:our	23527
Memo to the ace-starved Yankees from Lucchino : eat the hearts out .	Memo to the ace-starved Yankees from Lucchino : eat your hearts out .	det_poss:the:your	23528
The quest for a World Series ring continues .	My quest for a World Series ring continues .	det_poss:the:my	23529
A lump rose in the throat .	A lump rose in my throat .	det_poss:the:my	23530
Among the papers are a petition for a rehearing on the internment .	Among the papers are a petition for a rehearing on his internment .	det_poss:the:his	23531
Putin has already allowed United Russia to use the image in campaign advertising .	Putin has already allowed United Russia to use his image in campaign advertising .	det_poss:the:his	23532
Now , there are certainly advantages to having Microsoft inside the phone .	Now , there are certainly advantages to having Microsoft inside your phone .	det_poss:the:your	23533
Roddy McDowall , also in the production , became the mentor .	Roddy McDowall , also in the production , became her mentor .	det_poss:the:her	23534
A pile of discarded brass and woodwind instruments is to the left .	A pile of discarded brass and woodwind instruments is to his left .	det_poss:the:his	23535
" My little one , he is the hero , " he said .	" My little one , he is my hero , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	23536
The value of the home dropped .	The value of her home dropped .	det_poss:the:her	23537
Sharpton reconsidered after speaking to Thomas and has not yet announced the intentions .	Sharpton reconsidered after speaking to Thomas and has not yet announced his intentions .	det_poss:the:his	23538
Handcuff bags and briefcases to the wrists .	Handcuff bags and briefcases to your wrists .	det_poss:the:your	23539
The body was found nearly 50 feet from the train platform .	His body was found nearly 50 feet from the train platform .	det_poss:the:his	23540
That will be the epitaph .	That will be his epitaph .	det_poss:the:his	23541
The name is currently on the deed .	Her name is currently on the deed .	det_poss:the:her	23542
But the security insisted .	But my security insisted .	det_poss:the:my	23543
Here the ministry entered on to the national scene .	Here his ministry entered on to the national scene .	det_poss:the:his	23544
The bail was set Tuesday at $ 1 million .	His bail was set Tuesday at $ 1 million .	det_poss:the:his	23545
The absence will not change our tactical game-plan .	His absence will not change our tactical game-plan .	det_poss:the:his	23546
Then the block got 22 % of the votes .	Then her block got 22 % of the votes .	det_poss:the:her	23547
That is in the play , too .	That is in his play , too .	det_poss:the:his	23548
The picks do not represent a positive or negative outlook on any security .	Our picks do not represent a positive or negative outlook on any security .	det_poss:the:our	23549
Full name : Georgia The Avalanche are now 8-5-1 in the absence .	Full name : Georgia The Avalanche are now 8-5-1 in his absence .	det_poss:the:his	23550
This was the measure which the successor Alastair Darling announced in October .	This was the measure which his successor Alastair Darling announced in October .	det_poss:the:his	23551
I guess she would lost the sense of humor .	I guess she would lost her sense of humor .	det_poss:the:her	23552
Last month he had surgery to remove scar tissue from around the lung .	Last month he had surgery to remove scar tissue from around his lung .	det_poss:the:his	23553
" Very good outcome " Where should the daughter draw the line ?	" Very good outcome " Where should our daughter draw the line ?	det_poss:the:our	23554
Sign No. 1 : The co-workers are walking on eggshells around you .	Sign No. 1 : Your co-workers are walking on eggshells around you .	det_poss:the:your	23555
The training for the marathon has been pretty intense .	My training for the marathon has been pretty intense .	det_poss:the:my	23556
The passer rating was a dismal 51.3 for the game .	His passer rating was a dismal 51.3 for the game .	det_poss:the:his	23557
Krystowiak used Charlie Villanueva in the place in the final quarter .	Krystowiak used Charlie Villanueva in his place in the final quarter .	det_poss:the:his	23558
" We could not explain this to the public , " he said .	" We could not explain this to our public , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	23559
As always , we look forward to the comments and insights .	As always , we look forward to your comments and insights .	det_poss:the:your	23560
The nanny saved his life a couple of months ago , annoyingly .	Our nanny saved his life a couple of months ago , annoyingly .	det_poss:the:our	23561
She burst into tears when she spotted the child unharmed on board .	She burst into tears when she spotted her child unharmed on board .	det_poss:the:her	23562
Last year Tony Blair admitted that the government had no policy on population .	Last year Tony Blair admitted that his government had no policy on population .	det_poss:the:his	23563
And they were published way after the death .	And they were published way after his death .	det_poss:the:his	23564
Craig was not represented by an attorney when he entered the plea .	Craig was not represented by an attorney when he entered his plea .	det_poss:the:his	23565
North Yorkshire Police is conducting inquiries on behalf of The Majesty 's Coroner .	North Yorkshire Police is conducting inquiries on behalf of Her Majesty 's Coroner .	det_poss:the:her	23566
Mostly , it is the inexperience with the car and the course .	Mostly , it is my inexperience with the car and the course .	det_poss:the:my	23567
The height does not intimidate jail inmates it helps him develop a rapport .	His height does not intimidate jail inmates it helps him develop a rapport .	det_poss:the:his	23568
He played down the role in her campaign during the television appearance .	He played down his role in her campaign during the television appearance .	det_poss:the:his	23569
A photograph graces the foyer wall .	A photograph graces her foyer wall .	det_poss:the:her	23570
He is awfully fond of alliteration , is the Hugh .	He is awfully fond of alliteration , is our Hugh .	det_poss:the:our	23571
He looked at the watch .	He looked at his watch .	det_poss:the:his	23572
He is well-known for the friendship with Virgin boss Richard Branson .	He is well-known for his friendship with Virgin boss Richard Branson .	det_poss:the:his	23573
The circle of friends is growing rapidly .	His circle of friends is growing rapidly .	det_poss:the:his	23574
She is expected to maintain the predecessor 's free-market policies .	She is expected to maintain her predecessor 's free-market policies .	det_poss:the:her	23575
The subconscious , my intuition worked better than my charts !	My subconscious , my intuition worked better than my charts !	det_poss:the:my	23576
Schultz said he has an answer : The coffee is better .	Schultz said he has an answer : His coffee is better .	det_poss:the:his	23577
That is not the goal .	That is not my goal .	det_poss:the:my	23578
He is inscrutable , and this may be the genius .	He is inscrutable , and this may be his genius .	det_poss:the:his	23579
ll be helping yourself and the environment .	ll be helping yourself and your environment .	det_poss:the:your	23580
The partner 's grandmother celebrated her 100th a few years back .	My partner 's grandmother celebrated her 100th a few years back .	det_poss:the:my	23581
A man has died after he lost control of the car in Shropshire .	A man has died after he lost control of his car in Shropshire .	det_poss:the:his	23582
The investors are very bullish on what we are doing .	Our investors are very bullish on what we are doing .	det_poss:the:our	23583
Parks also promoted drag racing through the magazine work .	Parks also promoted drag racing through his magazine work .	det_poss:the:his	23584
Otherwise I have sung all the life .	Otherwise I have sung all my life .	det_poss:the:my	23585
The feet are in the clouds so often .	Your feet are in the clouds so often .	det_poss:the:your	23586
He just did not understand the job .	He just did not understand his job .	det_poss:the:his	23587
There is a 50-50 chance of the embryos having EOD .	There is a 50-50 chance of our embryos having EOD .	det_poss:the:our	23588
However , Curbishley believes the side can cause the Gunners problems .	However , Curbishley believes his side can cause the Gunners problems .	det_poss:the:his	23589
The replacement at Picholine is Scott Quis , who worked at Café Boulud .	His replacement at Picholine is Scott Quis , who worked at Café Boulud .	det_poss:the:his	23590
Suddenly , Rafa and the rotation began to make sense .	Suddenly , Rafa and his rotation began to make sense .	det_poss:the:his	23591
Hopefully I 'll learn from the mistakes and it will not happen again .	Hopefully I 'll learn from my mistakes and it will not happen again .	det_poss:the:my	23592
Mortgage lenders do not like to see a foreclosure on the credit reports .	Mortgage lenders do not like to see a foreclosure on your credit reports .	det_poss:the:your	23593
It was also telling that Boxer in the press conference repeatedly mentioned Iraq .	It was also telling that Boxer in her press conference repeatedly mentioned Iraq .	det_poss:the:her	23594
The return is expected to reconfigure Pakistan 's already unsettled political landscape .	Her return is expected to reconfigure Pakistan 's already unsettled political landscape .	det_poss:the:her	23595
The company converts cars to run on liquid petroleum gas ( LPG ) .	Our company converts cars to run on liquid petroleum gas ( LPG ) .	det_poss:the:our	23596
The remainder of Bland 's sentence is similar to the language .	The remainder of Bland 's sentence is similar to his language .	det_poss:the:his	23597
" " The guy is not a government informant .	" " My guy is not a government informant .	det_poss:the:my	23598
This is the card .	This is your card .	det_poss:the:your	23599
Johnson 's silver hoop earrings stopped bouncing jubilantly against the neck .	Johnson 's silver hoop earrings stopped bouncing jubilantly against her neck .	det_poss:the:her	23600
He probably cannot wear one because of the work .	He probably cannot wear one because of his work .	det_poss:the:his	23601
The ex-boyfriend becomes Roth 's personal aide .	Her ex-boyfriend becomes Roth 's personal aide .	det_poss:the:her	23602
The thoughts are with his family and friends .	Our thoughts are with his family and friends .	det_poss:the:our	23603
I carry the computer in the backpack everywhere I go .	I carry my computer in the backpack everywhere I go .	det_poss:the:my	23604
He has no function in the hands .	He has no function in his hands .	det_poss:the:his	23605
The chances are good , Mr. Beaney said .	His chances are good , Mr. Beaney said .	det_poss:the:his	23606
New plans are certainly being tested to attack the transportation systems .	New plans are certainly being tested to attack our transportation systems .	det_poss:the:our	23607
What is in The Emergency Kit ?	What is in Your Emergency Kit ?	det_poss:the:your	23608
" It could scar the face , " Dr. Katchen said .	" It could scar your face , " Dr. Katchen said .	det_poss:the:your	23609
Obama has cited the speech as evidence of the leadership on difficult issues .	Obama has cited the speech as evidence of his leadership on difficult issues .	det_poss:the:his	23610
He was found dead in the apartment in southern France in 1985 .	He was found dead in his apartment in southern France in 1985 .	det_poss:the:his	23611
Amazingly , the airbags did not deploy .	Amazingly , my airbags did not deploy .	det_poss:the:my	23612
Adjust the eyes to see the good .	Adjust your eyes to see the good .	det_poss:the:your	23613
She left two suicide notes in the car .	She left two suicide notes in her car .	det_poss:the:her	23614
It will not help if the strategist continues to oversee a lobbying firm .	It will not help if her strategist continues to oversee a lobbying firm .	det_poss:the:her	23615
Women are at the next stage of the evolution .	Women are at the next stage of our evolution .	det_poss:the:our	23616
I have never laughed so hard in the life .	I have never laughed so hard in my life .	det_poss:the:my	23617
What were the secrets to the success ?	What were the secrets to your success ?	det_poss:the:your	23618
Prodi is expected to meet with The Majesty King Abdullah II .	Prodi is expected to meet with His Majesty King Abdullah II .	det_poss:the:his	23619
" That is the makeup , " Bellotti said in a phone interview .	" That is his makeup , " Bellotti said in a phone interview .	det_poss:the:his	23620
They are the joy of the life .	They are the joy of my life .	det_poss:the:my	23621
Throughout the work life , I had taken few risks .	Throughout my work life , I had taken few risks .	det_poss:the:my	23622
So the party sounds much like a goodbye-and-thank-you affair .	So his party sounds much like a goodbye-and-thank-you affair .	det_poss:the:his	23623
Where is the water .	Where is your water .	det_poss:the:your	23624
We need the help .	We need your help .	det_poss:the:your	23625
The radar is fogged -- which is more successful ?	My radar is fogged -- which is more successful ?	det_poss:the:my	23626
Moores felt the side 's fielding had let them down .	Moores felt his side 's fielding had let them down .	det_poss:the:his	23627
The sweater is just in the way .	My sweater is just in the way .	det_poss:the:my	23628
" He recalled : " I had a call from the co-driver .	" He recalled : " I had a call from my co-driver .	det_poss:the:my	23629
" " All the income for the next 10 years is spoken for .	" " All my income for the next 10 years is spoken for .	det_poss:the:my	23630
He filled the plate and led the conversation .	He filled his plate and led the conversation .	det_poss:the:his	23631
Pride had come to town to donate the boots to the Smithsonian .	Pride had come to town to donate his boots to the Smithsonian .	det_poss:the:his	23632
He also has number three Ben Hogan ( 64 ) in the sights .	He also has number three Ben Hogan ( 64 ) in his sights .	det_poss:the:his	23633
Clive hears the noise , looks the way and moves on .	Clive hears the noise , looks our way and moves on .	det_poss:the:our	23634
When they got there they found Amanda Knox and the boyfriend .	When they got there they found Amanda Knox and her boyfriend .	det_poss:the:her	23635
But in the view , hotels need them far more desperately .	But in my view , hotels need them far more desperately .	det_poss:the:my	23636
But he looks downward and the voice softens .	But he looks downward and his voice softens .	det_poss:the:his	23637
Leave the illusions intact .	Leave her illusions intact .	det_poss:the:her	23638
How close are you to reaching the goals ?	How close are you to reaching your goals ?	det_poss:the:your	23639
Wine gums The family did not mind .	Wine gums His family did not mind .	det_poss:the:his	23640
Wenger advanced into the technical area waving the arms in frustration .	Wenger advanced into the technical area waving his arms in frustration .	det_poss:the:his	23641
The nominee must be informed and have agreed to being entered .	Your nominee must be informed and have agreed to being entered .	det_poss:the:your	23642
The writing is sharp and thoroughly disrespectful .	His writing is sharp and thoroughly disrespectful .	det_poss:the:his	23643
If this is not available , the lives become miserable .	If this is not available , our lives become miserable .	det_poss:the:our	23644
Sevilla 's physical trainer Marcos Alvarez has also tendered the resignation .	Sevilla 's physical trainer Marcos Alvarez has also tendered his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	23645
Berardino did not raise the hand immediately to offer to help .	Berardino did not raise his hand immediately to offer to help .	det_poss:the:his	23646
Now who will look after the family ?	Now who will look after his family ?	det_poss:the:his	23647
With good care , the health is steadily improving , he said .	With good care , his health is steadily improving , he said .	det_poss:the:his	23648
Jai no longer struggles with the language ; now it is the turn .	Jai no longer struggles with the language ; now it is my turn .	det_poss:the:my	23649
McClaren was out-thought and the players outwitted .	McClaren was out-thought and his players outwitted .	det_poss:the:his	23650
About half the lineup was from north of the border .	About half his lineup was from north of the border .	det_poss:the:his	23651
Then they came back and said it was the responsibility .	Then they came back and said it was my responsibility .	det_poss:the:my	23652
He quickly ( and showily ) withdrew the fingers .	He quickly ( and showily ) withdrew his fingers .	det_poss:the:his	23653
Stillman extended the point streak to seven straight games .	Stillman extended his point streak to seven straight games .	det_poss:the:his	23654
Martin said he was optimistic that other FCC commissioners would support the proposal .	Martin said he was optimistic that other FCC commissioners would support his proposal .	det_poss:the:his	23655
DEAR BOB : We bought the home in May .	DEAR BOB : We bought our home in May .	det_poss:the:our	23656
The site then e-mails a questionnaire to the loan officer or mortgage broker .	The site then e-mails a questionnaire to your loan officer or mortgage broker .	det_poss:the:your	23657
I am the favorite parent for the son .	I am the favorite parent for my son .	det_poss:the:my	23658
But Joe Thornton and the teammates could not score - not like Modano .	But Joe Thornton and his teammates could not score - not like Modano .	det_poss:the:his	23659
The passion for basketball came from his father , relatives said .	His passion for basketball came from his father , relatives said .	det_poss:the:his	23660
Spahn chased him around the bases , hitting him with the glove .	Spahn chased him around the bases , hitting him with his glove .	det_poss:the:his	23661
A 16-year-old youth has been remanded in custody charged with the murder .	A 16-year-old youth has been remanded in custody charged with his murder .	det_poss:the:his	23662
He cut an earnest figure , with the shock of grey hair .	He cut an earnest figure , with his shock of grey hair .	det_poss:the:his	23663
A housing spokesman said the minister was considering the response .	A housing spokesman said the minister was considering his response .	det_poss:the:his	23664
So he phoned the agent in California .	So he phoned his agent in California .	det_poss:the:his	23665
Matisse seemed to always have the sculptures in mind and around .	Matisse seemed to always have his sculptures in mind and around .	det_poss:the:his	23666
They multiply the search circle of influence exponentially .	They multiply your search circle of influence exponentially .	det_poss:the:your	23667
The truck ran over the Neon .	His truck ran over the Neon .	det_poss:the:his	23668
And Big Papi might actually gain a split second on the dash times .	And Big Papi might actually gain a split second on his dash times .	det_poss:the:his	23669
That is a little bit different than some of the rivals .	That is a little bit different than some of our rivals .	det_poss:the:our	23670
And now its up to Congress to come together and override the veto .	And now its up to Congress to come together and override his veto .	det_poss:the:his	23671
The group said it would slit the throat .	The group said it would slit his throat .	det_poss:the:his	23672
" He criticized Klaassen for " ad hominem attacks about the motivation .	" He criticized Klaassen for " ad hominem attacks about our motivation .	det_poss:the:our	23673
I cannot imagine the life without our children .	I cannot imagine my life without our children .	det_poss:the:my	23674
The thoughts are with the families at this very difficult time .	Our thoughts are with the families at this very difficult time .	det_poss:the:our	23675
The authorities did not release the name .	The authorities did not release her name .	det_poss:the:her	23676
I want to be with the kids every step of the way .	I want to be with my kids every step of the way .	det_poss:the:my	23677
But a strong current on Tuesday kept Rinaldi from completing the mission .	But a strong current on Tuesday kept Rinaldi from completing his mission .	det_poss:the:his	23678
The company 's performance has a similar lustre .	Her company 's performance has a similar lustre .	det_poss:the:her	23679
Campbell Says He is Willing , but Is The Knee Able ?	Campbell Says He is Willing , but Is His Knee Able ?	det_poss:the:his	23680
Naming the book " Vanilla Bright Like Eminem " is not an affectation .	Naming his book " Vanilla Bright Like Eminem " is not an affectation .	det_poss:the:his	23681
This country is the future .	This country is our future .	det_poss:the:our	23682
The death was announced by the museum .	His death was announced by the museum .	det_poss:the:his	23683
Then , pick one focal-point photo that reinforces the page idea .	Then , pick one focal-point photo that reinforces your page idea .	det_poss:the:your	23684
He spent hours at the bedside over the years .	He spent hours at her bedside over the years .	det_poss:the:her	23685
Grocery bags fit the bag holder perfectly !	Grocery bags fit my bag holder perfectly !	det_poss:the:my	23686
contact the consulate .	contact your consulate .	det_poss:the:your	23687
Al-Diyar - private , Arabic daily We called the Eve .	Al-Diyar - private , Arabic daily We called her Eve .	det_poss:the:her	23688
The woman fell back into the arms of the friends .	The woman fell back into the arms of her friends .	det_poss:the:her	23689
So the sooner you start , the sooner the money grows .	So the sooner you start , the sooner your money grows .	det_poss:the:your	23690
Lee asks as the class spins out of control .	Lee asks as his class spins out of control .	det_poss:the:his	23691
The trial had to be moved from Citrus County , Fla .	His trial had to be moved from Citrus County , Fla .	det_poss:the:his	23692
And the statement was this : Eat the shorts .	And the statement was this : Eat my shorts .	det_poss:the:my	23693
A text of the address was distributed by the SEC in Washington .	A text of his address was distributed by the SEC in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	23694
Nadal is considerably more used to big match pressures than the countryman .	Nadal is considerably more used to big match pressures than his countryman .	det_poss:the:his	23695
Bell , 17 , has been in prison since the arrest in December .	Bell , 17 , has been in prison since his arrest in December .	det_poss:the:his	23696
He acknowledged fans by doffing the helmet .	He acknowledged fans by doffing his helmet .	det_poss:the:his	23697
The post is at Kennedy International Airport .	Her post is at Kennedy International Airport .	det_poss:the:her	23698
It noted that Mr. Kim did not provide evidence to support the claims .	It noted that Mr. Kim did not provide evidence to support his claims .	det_poss:the:his	23699
Nathan Hubbard , 21 , died Aug. 22 when the helicopter crashed .	Nathan Hubbard , 21 , died Aug. 22 when his helicopter crashed .	det_poss:the:his	23700
Increase the vitamin C intake to two grammes a day minimum .	Increase your vitamin C intake to two grammes a day minimum .	det_poss:the:your	23701
The Russian Orthodox Church canonized Nicholas and the family in 2000 .	The Russian Orthodox Church canonized Nicholas and his family in 2000 .	det_poss:the:his	23702
Somehow , the guess is that he does , off their backs .	Somehow , my guess is that he does , off their backs .	det_poss:the:my	23703
Jack actually made the toys for me .	Jack actually made my toys for me .	det_poss:the:my	23704
QUESTION : What is the definition of the word " torture " ?	QUESTION : What is your definition of the word " torture " ?	det_poss:the:your	23705
The adolescence was punctuated by a few run-ins with the law .	Her adolescence was punctuated by a few run-ins with the law .	det_poss:the:her	23706
I enjoy the fact that I am the son .	I enjoy the fact that I am his son .	det_poss:the:his	23707
Everyone in the Giants ' locker room seems to know the story .	Everyone in the Giants ' locker room seems to know his story .	det_poss:the:his	23708
Taylor said the fans appreciate the shows ' relaxed mood .	Taylor said his fans appreciate the shows ' relaxed mood .	det_poss:the:his	23709
The complaints are shared by the Israeli government .	His complaints are shared by the Israeli government .	det_poss:the:his	23710
Keats lodged in the house with the friend , Charles Armitage Brown .	Keats lodged in the house with his friend , Charles Armitage Brown .	det_poss:the:his	23711
Contact the state attorney general .	Contact your state attorney general .	det_poss:the:your	23712
Obermann told media the group was the logical choice for a German launch .	Obermann told media his group was the logical choice for a German launch .	det_poss:the:his	23713
They took the ticket book and ripped it to pieces .	They took his ticket book and ripped it to pieces .	det_poss:the:his	23714
But you may not have considered the effect on the retirement income .	But you may not have considered the effect on your retirement income .	det_poss:the:your	23715
Thorrington recalled the days as a young player at United with Beckham .	Thorrington recalled his days as a young player at United with Beckham .	det_poss:the:his	23716
The Packers asked the Patriots employee to put away the camera .	The Packers asked the Patriots employee to put away his camera .	det_poss:the:his	23717
I can never forget what I fled from in the childhood .	I can never forget what I fled from in my childhood .	det_poss:the:my	23718
Craig said the officer misinterpreted the actions .	Craig said the officer misinterpreted his actions .	det_poss:the:his	23719
The game reminded this writer of the lack of rhythm whatsoever .	The game reminded this writer of my lack of rhythm whatsoever .	det_poss:the:my	23720
He had a horizontally-striped scarf covering the face .	He had a horizontally-striped scarf covering his face .	det_poss:the:his	23721
" Nice , " I said , getting back to the book .	" Nice , " I said , getting back to my book .	det_poss:the:my	23722
But , the adviser has said Bhutto only wants a return to democracy .	But , her adviser has said Bhutto only wants a return to democracy .	det_poss:the:her	23723
There is no doubt in the mind he said that .	There is no doubt in my mind he said that .	det_poss:the:my	23724
A half-dozen violins and violas dangle from wires above the workbench .	A half-dozen violins and violas dangle from wires above his workbench .	det_poss:the:his	23725
He resides with the family in The Dalles .	He resides with his family in The Dalles .	det_poss:the:his	23726
His beneficent sunsets begin to seem too mellow , the farmsteads too Arcadian .	His beneficent sunsets begin to seem too mellow , his farmsteads too Arcadian .	det_poss:the:his	23727
The face was afraid .	Her face was afraid .	det_poss:the:her	23728
" I trust the driver very much , " Cabrera said .	" I trust my driver very much , " Cabrera said .	det_poss:the:my	23729
Critics say the success is more a triumph of marketing than governance .	Critics say his success is more a triumph of marketing than governance .	det_poss:the:his	23730
So were the grades .	So were his grades .	det_poss:the:his	23731
Dick shook the head .	Dick shook his head .	det_poss:the:his	23732
I made the turnaround jump shot and started to feel it .	I made my turnaround jump shot and started to feel it .	det_poss:the:my	23733
Krauss ' location helped the tastes mature .	Krauss ' location helped her tastes mature .	det_poss:the:her	23734
Was he there to dance with Ashley Olsen hiked up around the waist ?	Was he there to dance with Ashley Olsen hiked up around his waist ?	det_poss:the:his	23735
Tartikoff found visibility during the marriage to NBC programmer Brandon Tartikoff .	Tartikoff found visibility during her marriage to NBC programmer Brandon Tartikoff .	det_poss:the:her	23736
I shake their hand and give them a tour of the shop .	I shake their hand and give them a tour of my shop .	det_poss:the:my	23737
AIDS Benefit And he was deported according to the laws .	AIDS Benefit And he was deported according to our laws .	det_poss:the:our	23738
Then he told my husband he could not afford to print the album .	Then he told my husband he could not afford to print our album .	det_poss:the:our	23739
The product is the long-legged Goliath of the toy business .	His product is the long-legged Goliath of the toy business .	det_poss:the:his	23740
There is no place for the cellphone .	There is no place for my cellphone .	det_poss:the:my	23741
In soccer , heading the ball often enough lowers the IQ .	In soccer , heading the ball often enough lowers your IQ .	det_poss:the:your	23742
In the industry , I am a good guy .	In my industry , I am a good guy .	det_poss:the:my	23743
The son , Omar Rivera , died Oct. 14 .	Her son , Omar Rivera , died Oct. 14 .	det_poss:the:her	23744
He opens the defense against Shao Xuan Zeng on Tuesday .	He opens his defense against Shao Xuan Zeng on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	23745
Tacopina has declared the client is innocent .	Tacopina has declared his client is innocent .	det_poss:the:his	23746
She should consult the divorce attorney to clear up the details .	She should consult her divorce attorney to clear up the details .	det_poss:the:her	23747
Be careful about how you borrow money and know the repayment dates .	Be careful about how you borrow money and know your repayment dates .	det_poss:the:your	23748
Giuliani said the doctor would issue a full report after the holidays .	Giuliani said his doctor would issue a full report after the holidays .	det_poss:the:his	23749
Essentially , the only thing that changes is the playing there .	Essentially , the only thing that changes is our playing there .	det_poss:the:our	23750
He landed on the stomach , looking like a miniature Pete Rose .	He landed on his stomach , looking like a miniature Pete Rose .	det_poss:the:his	23751
That part of the game was poor .	That part of his game was poor .	det_poss:the:his	23752
Yet this stylized minifilm captures some elemental aspects of the career .	Yet this stylized minifilm captures some elemental aspects of his career .	det_poss:the:his	23753
" The Christmas has been absolutely destroyed , " she said .	" Our Christmas has been absolutely destroyed , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	23754
In so doing , he concealed significant losses on the trading book .	In so doing , he concealed significant losses on his trading book .	det_poss:the:his	23755
, Belton left the courthouse with the eyes downcast and without commenting .	, Belton left the courthouse with her eyes downcast and without commenting .	det_poss:the:her	23756
I do not believe he went beyond the right to speak freely .	I do not believe he went beyond his right to speak freely .	det_poss:the:his	23757
The body was found three days later .	Her body was found three days later .	det_poss:the:her	23758
What is the policy towards health care ?	What is your policy towards health care ?	det_poss:the:your	23759
Lori was out of the mind and talking in a crazy way .	Lori was out of her mind and talking in a crazy way .	det_poss:the:her	23760
It lessened the tax burden on D.C. citizens .	It lessened our tax burden on D.C. citizens .	det_poss:the:our	23761
Richie-esque bangs take time to style , and they get in the eyes .	Richie-esque bangs take time to style , and they get in your eyes .	det_poss:the:your	23762
The paintings are quite beautiful , his technique exquisite .	His paintings are quite beautiful , his technique exquisite .	det_poss:the:his	23763
" " The breadth of the experience and global focus were also important .	" " The breadth of her experience and global focus were also important .	det_poss:the:her	23764
But you do not thank people for pointing out the mistakes .	But you do not thank people for pointing out your mistakes .	det_poss:the:your	23765
The paintings , too , speak eloquently .	His paintings , too , speak eloquently .	det_poss:the:his	23766
The name need not be on the mortgage obligation .	Your name need not be on the mortgage obligation .	det_poss:the:your	23767
Who was I to complain about a little metal in the ankle ?	Who was I to complain about a little metal in my ankle ?	det_poss:the:my	23768
Rahman helped the 22-year-old British man flee to Pakistan by paying the airfare .	Rahman helped the 22-year-old British man flee to Pakistan by paying his airfare .	det_poss:the:his	23769
SOURCE EmPower Research , LLC Thank you for the patience .	SOURCE EmPower Research , LLC Thank you for your patience .	det_poss:the:your	23770
But he is no match for Hillary Clinton and the team .	But he is no match for Hillary Clinton and her team .	det_poss:the:her	23771
Care to share any of the memories ?	Care to share any of your memories ?	det_poss:the:your	23772
Myat , Rangoon Lotter has maintained since the arrest that he is innocent .	Myat , Rangoon Lotter has maintained since his arrest that he is innocent .	det_poss:the:his	23773
As the first patch of land turned over , so did the stomach .	As the first patch of land turned over , so did my stomach .	det_poss:the:my	23774
He may just get the wish .	He may just get his wish .	det_poss:the:his	23775
And you talk about the girlfriend .	And you talk about his girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	23776
The family vowed to continue his conservation work .	His family vowed to continue his conservation work .	det_poss:the:his	23777
A forensic dentist estimated the age to be between 2 and 3 .	A forensic dentist estimated her age to be between 2 and 3 .	det_poss:the:her	23778
, and the son , Andrew , who suffers from CFS .	, and his son , Andrew , who suffers from CFS .	det_poss:the:his	23779
The daughter Stella , in particular , was said to loathe Ms Mills .	His daughter Stella , in particular , was said to loathe Ms Mills .	det_poss:the:his	23780
Instantly , the dogs were hooked .	Instantly , my dogs were hooked .	det_poss:the:my	23781
He spoke perfect English and he wanted to help the friends .	He spoke perfect English and he wanted to help his friends .	det_poss:the:his	23782
You will be the Penelope , Sophia .	You will be my Penelope , Sophia .	det_poss:the:my	23783
Ms. Nord will detail the vision for the future of the agency .	Ms. Nord will detail her vision for the future of the agency .	det_poss:the:her	23784
Will marrying raise the taxes ?	Will marrying raise your taxes ?	det_poss:the:your	23785
I had it in the jewelry box since that day .	I had it in my jewelry box since that day .	det_poss:the:my	23786
That is the excuse , anyway .	That is my excuse , anyway .	det_poss:the:my	23787
We ought to try and to do the utmost to create different conditions .	We ought to try and to do our utmost to create different conditions .	det_poss:the:our	23788
Can we improve in the estimating ?	Can we improve in our estimating ?	det_poss:the:our	23789
Possibly , but it did not seem the style .	Possibly , but it did not seem his style .	det_poss:the:his	23790
The acquisitive Mr Weill did the shareholders proud .	The acquisitive Mr Weill did his shareholders proud .	det_poss:the:his	23791
They put pepper in the nose until you talk .	They put pepper in your nose until you talk .	det_poss:the:your	23792
The stomach dropped - I just could not believe it .	My stomach dropped - I just could not believe it .	det_poss:the:my	23793
But that is not the job .	But that is not his job .	det_poss:the:his	23794
Sarkozy made excuses for the absences .	Sarkozy made excuses for her absences .	det_poss:the:her	23795
The colleague Damon Darlin posted that he finds it too expensive .	My colleague Damon Darlin posted that he finds it too expensive .	det_poss:the:my	23796
They were superbly confident I would find the way .	They were superbly confident I would find my way .	det_poss:the:my	23797
Then he noticed Vang had something wrong with the gun .	Then he noticed Vang had something wrong with his gun .	det_poss:the:his	23798
Political issues And the job is now gone .	Political issues And his job is now gone .	det_poss:the:his	23799
The grandmother and grandfather died of lung cancer .	My grandmother and grandfather died of lung cancer .	det_poss:the:my	23800
However , police later discovered the hiding place .	However , police later discovered his hiding place .	det_poss:the:his	23801
Notes : @ Berkman has hit 23 of the home runs left-handed .	Notes : @ Berkman has hit 23 of his home runs left-handed .	det_poss:the:his	23802
Trade between the countries has almost doubled during the last few years .	Trade between our countries has almost doubled during the last few years .	det_poss:the:our	23803
Cue a flashback to 1938 , where the story begins .	Cue a flashback to 1938 , where her story begins .	det_poss:the:her	23804
Olson went to the administration with the thoughts .	Olson went to the administration with his thoughts .	det_poss:the:his	23805
The presence could have provoked stiffer resistance from the strikers , they said .	His presence could have provoked stiffer resistance from the strikers , they said .	det_poss:the:his	23806
" It all starts with the government , " says Rossi .	" It all starts with our government , " says Rossi .	det_poss:the:our	23807
But he and the family fear persecution if they return to Chad .	But he and his family fear persecution if they return to Chad .	det_poss:the:his	23808
The co-defendant is Robert Hecht , an American antiquities dealer .	Her co-defendant is Robert Hecht , an American antiquities dealer .	det_poss:the:her	23809
The delay caused Kelly to miss the court appearance Wednesday morning .	The delay caused Kelly to miss his court appearance Wednesday morning .	det_poss:the:his	23810
He was the baby .	He was our baby .	det_poss:the:our	23811
The comments this week were dangerous .	His comments this week were dangerous .	det_poss:the:his	23812
Second , in the system you are presumed innocent .	Second , in our system you are presumed innocent .	det_poss:the:our	23813
We know the faith matters to you .	We know your faith matters to you .	det_poss:the:your	23814
But the hope is to build something really wonderful .	But my hope is to build something really wonderful .	det_poss:the:my	23815
Today after this tragic incident , I want to express the firm resolve .	Today after this tragic incident , I want to express my firm resolve .	det_poss:the:my	23816
TODAYshow.com : Was the arrest planned ?	TODAYshow.com : Was your arrest planned ?	det_poss:the:your	23817
" I am beginning to build the future , " he said .	" I am beginning to build my future , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	23818
I am confident we can work out the differences and reauthorize SCHIP .	I am confident we can work out our differences and reauthorize SCHIP .	det_poss:the:our	23819
Yet , no sign of Fossett or the plane has been found .	Yet , no sign of Fossett or his plane has been found .	det_poss:the:his	23820
I went up to him and told him I knew the rights .	I went up to him and told him I knew my rights .	det_poss:the:my	23821
The dislike towards her is very personal .	My dislike towards her is very personal .	det_poss:the:my	23822
This interrupts the sleep and I feel tired the next day .	This interrupts my sleep and I feel tired the next day .	det_poss:the:my	23823
In an ideal world , you 'd plant the bulbs immediately after purchase .	In an ideal world , you 'd plant your bulbs immediately after purchase .	det_poss:the:your	23824
There are many , many more in the arsenal !	There are many , many more in my arsenal !	det_poss:the:my	23825
In 2006 he picked up only 26 % of the award .	In 2006 he picked up only 26 % of his award .	det_poss:the:his	23826
Did the love of superheroes at all influence the presentation of Kiss ?	Did your love of superheroes at all influence the presentation of Kiss ?	det_poss:the:your	23827
Bury me with the teeth in .	Bury me with my teeth in .	det_poss:the:my	23828
How can I sum up the career in 200 words ?	How can I sum up my career in 200 words ?	det_poss:the:my	23829
He flips the pages .	He flips his pages .	det_poss:the:his	23830
How about " Thank you for the kind invitation " ?	How about " Thank you for your kind invitation " ?	det_poss:the:your	23831
Then he returned to England , where he was knighted for the discoveries .	Then he returned to England , where he was knighted for his discoveries .	det_poss:the:his	23832
Assistant coach Kevin O 'Neill is running the team in the absence .	Assistant coach Kevin O 'Neill is running the team in his absence .	det_poss:the:his	23833
In September the church will host an environmental stewardship conference .	In September his church will host an environmental stewardship conference .	det_poss:the:his	23834
Yet the reporting was always measured , impartial -- almost understated .	Yet his reporting was always measured , impartial -- almost understated .	det_poss:the:his	23835
Your innate feelings about the body may lead to the ultimate insight ?	Your innate feelings about your body may lead to the ultimate insight ?	det_poss:the:your	23836
He wore a burgundy-colored emma on the head .	He wore a burgundy-colored emma on his head .	det_poss:the:his	23837
There was no way to verify the claim .	There was no way to verify his claim .	det_poss:the:his	23838
He knew the borrowers and they knew him .	He knew his borrowers and they knew him .	det_poss:the:his	23839
The chin hit the ground .	My chin hit the ground .	det_poss:the:my	23840
You make a list of everything you need and the priorities .	You make a list of everything you need and your priorities .	det_poss:the:your	23841
Evans died September 4 from age-related complications , said the son Nick Evans .	Evans died September 4 from age-related complications , said his son Nick Evans .	det_poss:the:his	23842
Daubs said the motive is to educate people .	Daubs said her motive is to educate people .	det_poss:the:her	23843
We gave the Israelis the home address .	We gave the Israelis his home address .	det_poss:the:his	23844
Cunningham and the family have a dial-up connection .	Cunningham and his family have a dial-up connection .	det_poss:the:his	23845
It helps to keep the town neater and recycles the bags .	It helps to keep our town neater and recycles the bags .	det_poss:the:our	23846
The conviction thickens that curtain .	Her conviction thickens that curtain .	det_poss:the:her	23847
He became , because of the actions , a legendary figure .	He became , because of his actions , a legendary figure .	det_poss:the:his	23848
As if the behavior , artistic behavior , was any business of his .	As if her behavior , artistic behavior , was any business of his .	det_poss:the:her	23849
I just get on with the business really .	I just get on with my business really .	det_poss:the:my	23850
I am 16 years old and studying for the Highers .	I am 16 years old and studying for my Highers .	det_poss:the:my	23851
Three years ago , the family was in a really bad car accident .	Three years ago , my family was in a really bad car accident .	det_poss:the:my	23852
That is the point .	That is my point .	det_poss:the:my	23853
Tony Blair will be in the prayers .	Tony Blair will be in my prayers .	det_poss:the:my	23854
1321 Rockville Pike , Rockville It makes the look completely washed out .	1321 Rockville Pike , Rockville It makes her look completely washed out .	det_poss:the:her	23855
The pay did not justify his performance .	His pay did not justify his performance .	det_poss:the:his	23856
And so he had the assassin .	And so he had his assassin .	det_poss:the:his	23857
Zeman outlined the work in the Environmental Science & Technology journal .	Zeman outlined his work in the Environmental Science & Technology journal .	det_poss:the:his	23858
" That is how we raised the boys , " Ann adds .	" That is how we raised our boys , " Ann adds .	det_poss:the:our	23859
Have the family members or friends given up expecting you on time ?	Have your family members or friends given up expecting you on time ?	det_poss:the:your	23860
He said he has come to admire the energy and tenacity .	He said he has come to admire her energy and tenacity .	det_poss:the:her	23861
The appointment must be approved by the UC Board of Regents .	His appointment must be approved by the UC Board of Regents .	det_poss:the:his	23862
After picking up the trumps , he claimed the game .	After picking up the trumps , he claimed his game .	det_poss:the:his	23863
He estimated the stone traveled about 250 feet ( 76 meters ) .	He estimated his stone traveled about 250 feet ( 76 meters ) .	det_poss:the:his	23864
He made the NHL debut in the 1989- 1990 season .	He made his NHL debut in the 1989- 1990 season .	det_poss:the:his	23865
SOURCE CBS Corporation He is encouraging key aides to follow the lead .	SOURCE CBS Corporation He is encouraging key aides to follow his lead .	det_poss:the:his	23866
There is only one person in the judgment who displays all these qualities .	There is only one person in my judgment who displays all these qualities .	det_poss:the:my	23867
Who is or was the mentor ?	Who is or was your mentor ?	det_poss:the:your	23868
The place in history is secure .	His place in history is secure .	det_poss:the:his	23869
That is kind of the opening comments .	That is kind of my opening comments .	det_poss:the:my	23870
They are making the job awful easy .	They are making my job awful easy .	det_poss:the:my	23871
Still , Ferrer has played the countryman better and better in recent years .	Still , Ferrer has played his countryman better and better in recent years .	det_poss:the:his	23872
Beinerman was busted last week and may have fingered the buddy .	Beinerman was busted last week and may have fingered his buddy .	det_poss:the:his	23873
He lay on the side , so he could look up .	He lay on his side , so he could look up .	det_poss:the:his	23874
Didn 't want the raisins so she gave them to Browne .	Didn 't want her raisins so she gave them to Browne .	det_poss:the:her	23875
Manu shows the delight after giving Getafe a 27th minute lead .	Manu shows his delight after giving Getafe a 27th minute lead .	det_poss:the:his	23876
And modify recipes to increase the meals ' nutritional value .	And modify recipes to increase your meals ' nutritional value .	det_poss:the:your	23877
When my parents told us their childhood stories , we rolled the eyes .	When my parents told us their childhood stories , we rolled our eyes .	det_poss:the:our	23878
Have the lawyer draft the agreement .	Have your lawyer draft the agreement .	det_poss:the:your	23879
The trick : Vary the routine .	The trick : Vary your routine .	det_poss:the:your	23880
" Our European Union partners understand the situation , " he said .	" Our European Union partners understand our situation , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	23881
The title is offensive assistant in charge of quality control .	His title is offensive assistant in charge of quality control .	det_poss:the:his	23882
If prices decline , that amplifies the loss .	If prices decline , that amplifies your loss .	det_poss:the:your	23883
Are you optimistic about the future ?	Are you optimistic about your future ?	det_poss:the:your	23884
Run the hands along the carved stones .	Run your hands along the carved stones .	det_poss:the:your	23885
This is the story .	This is her story .	det_poss:the:her	23886
So part of the plan is that we seal the borders .	So part of my plan is that we seal the borders .	det_poss:the:my	23887
The aim in life was to maintain democracy .	Her aim in life was to maintain democracy .	det_poss:the:her	23888
The departure for Chrysler , where he is co-president , startled the company .	His departure for Chrysler , where he is co-president , startled the company .	det_poss:the:his	23889
" The intention was never to hurt nobody , " Piper said .	" My intention was never to hurt nobody , " Piper said .	det_poss:the:my	23890
The body could not take it .	My body could not take it .	det_poss:the:my	23891
A Mr. Kenneth Burr discovered the Boston Whaler missing from the dock today .	A Mr. Kenneth Burr discovered his Boston Whaler missing from the dock today .	det_poss:the:his	23892
Koeman has made no secret of the desire to coach a Spanish side .	Koeman has made no secret of his desire to coach a Spanish side .	det_poss:the:his	23893
And make sure the baby 's head cannot fit through .	And make sure your baby 's head cannot fit through .	det_poss:the:your	23894
Lionel only wants to do what 's best for the princess .	Lionel only wants to do what 's best for his princess .	det_poss:the:his	23895
Other families may also want to recycle their team sweatshirts to the kids .	Other families may also want to recycle their team sweatshirts to your kids .	det_poss:the:your	23896
The colleague was released after treatment for minor injuries .	His colleague was released after treatment for minor injuries .	det_poss:the:his	23897
The family is probably driving you crazy already .	Your family is probably driving you crazy already .	det_poss:the:your	23898
How dare he not invite the woman responsible for the rise to fame ?	How dare he not invite the woman responsible for his rise to fame ?	det_poss:the:his	23899
" The love of animals has transformed me , " says Leifer .	" My love of animals has transformed me , " says Leifer .	det_poss:the:my	23900
I have done most of the learning off the field .	I have done most of my learning off the field .	det_poss:the:my	23901
I ordered a Wii mid October for the son .	I ordered a Wii mid October for my son .	det_poss:the:my	23902
She still attends regularly , and the children were all christened .	She still attends regularly , and her children were all christened .	det_poss:the:her	23903
What Kind of Dog is Right for The Home ?	What Kind of Dog is Right for Your Home ?	det_poss:the:your	23904
Would Andy Pettitte exercise the contract option and pitch next year ?	Would Andy Pettitte exercise his contract option and pitch next year ?	det_poss:the:his	23905
Bazzana , as might be expected , defends the man .	Bazzana , as might be expected , defends his man .	det_poss:the:his	23906
She stands at the front of the cage , calmly peering out .	She stands at the front of her cage , calmly peering out .	det_poss:the:her	23907
After two games , I have no reason to change the thinking .	After two games , I have no reason to change my thinking .	det_poss:the:my	23908
The friends Michael Crespo and Patrice Francois were heading elsewhere .	His friends Michael Crespo and Patrice Francois were heading elsewhere .	det_poss:the:his	23909
The research often touches on the connections between certain product categories and identity .	His research often touches on the connections between certain product categories and identity .	det_poss:the:his	23910
We strike to achieve fair compensation for the work .	We strike to achieve fair compensation for our work .	det_poss:the:our	23911
Sometimes even the dog is too much company .	Sometimes even his dog is too much company .	det_poss:the:his	23912
The heroes , I thought .	My heroes , I thought .	det_poss:the:my	23913
One of the findings : Depression is prismatic .	One of her findings : Depression is prismatic .	det_poss:the:her	23914
CLINTON : We are going to have to mend fences with the allies .	CLINTON : We are going to have to mend fences with our allies .	det_poss:the:our	23915
They see the heart .	They see my heart .	det_poss:the:my	23916
You 're coming to the end of the career at 31 ' .	You 're coming to the end of your career at 31 ' .	det_poss:the:your	23917
A teammate gathered Kelly 's gear and walked the home .	A teammate gathered Kelly 's gear and walked her home .	det_poss:the:her	23918
Winehouse 's latest European tour is supposed to be the comeback tour .	Winehouse 's latest European tour is supposed to be her comeback tour .	det_poss:the:her	23919
He invited a small group to the office to talk .	He invited a small group to his office to talk .	det_poss:the:his	23920
Thank you for sharing the story .	Thank you for sharing your story .	det_poss:the:your	23921
And only Richard , the would-be journalist , seems privy to the past .	And only Richard , the would-be journalist , seems privy to her past .	det_poss:the:her	23922
She also accused a newsreader of soiling the underwear .	She also accused a newsreader of soiling her underwear .	det_poss:the:her	23923
In fact , it will only serve to steel the resolve .	In fact , it will only serve to steel our resolve .	det_poss:the:our	23924
She was pulling at the teal short shorts .	She was pulling at her teal short shorts .	det_poss:the:her	23925
FOX News will not blow up the city .	FOX News will not blow up his city .	det_poss:the:his	23926
The energy policies redistribute the wealth upwards .	Our energy policies redistribute the wealth upwards .	det_poss:the:our	23927
But I want you to turn the mind toward being older .	But I want you to turn your mind toward being older .	det_poss:the:your	23928
" This was the hardest race of the life , " he said .	" This was the hardest race of my life , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	23929
That is not a bad idea for the premiere-givers too .	That is not a bad idea for our premiere-givers too .	det_poss:the:our	23930
In the industry , executives sometimes become cult figures .	In our industry , executives sometimes become cult figures .	det_poss:the:our	23931
Anyone who raised the head was beaten .	Anyone who raised his head was beaten .	det_poss:the:his	23932
The performance fluctuated wildly , and he was often chasing the play .	His performance fluctuated wildly , and he was often chasing the play .	det_poss:the:his	23933
A famed detective reaches the end He certainly earned the side three points .	A famed detective reaches the end He certainly earned his side three points .	det_poss:the:his	23934
" That is kind of the family thing , " Jobe said .	" That is kind of our family thing , " Jobe said .	det_poss:the:our	23935
I want to make it a magical Christmas for the kids .	I want to make it a magical Christmas for my kids .	det_poss:the:my	23936
He is in the 70s now , and he should have started earlier .	He is in his 70s now , and he should have started earlier .	det_poss:the:his	23937
I was not as close as many of the friends , you know .	I was not as close as many of his friends , you know .	det_poss:the:his	23938
The spokeswoman said this is a separate and new viral infection .	His spokeswoman said this is a separate and new viral infection .	det_poss:the:his	23939
The damage caused a rub that led to the tire to explode .	The damage caused a rub that led to his tire to explode .	det_poss:the:his	23940
The sin was to sit men and women in the same restaurant .	His sin was to sit men and women in the same restaurant .	det_poss:the:his	23941
The MacBook is always quiet .	My MacBook is always quiet .	det_poss:the:my	23942
Manager Brian Carey believes the team can do just that .	Manager Brian Carey believes his team can do just that .	det_poss:the:his	23943
George H.W. Bush : Call the dermatologist .	George H.W. Bush : Call your dermatologist .	det_poss:the:your	23944
Lanier said the plan makes the 3,900-member organization less top-heavy and more flexible .	Lanier said her plan makes the 3,900-member organization less top-heavy and more flexible .	det_poss:the:her	23945
I was living in New Orleans , Louisiana , the home town .	I was living in New Orleans , Louisiana , my home town .	det_poss:the:my	23946
Both of the families think this is doomed to failure .	Both of our families think this is doomed to failure .	det_poss:the:our	23947
You 've got to heal the wounds .	You 've got to heal your wounds .	det_poss:the:your	23948
We all need to do more to make the children feel safe .	We all need to do more to make our children feel safe .	det_poss:the:our	23949
But she says the family has found a balance that works for them .	But she says her family has found a balance that works for them .	det_poss:the:her	23950
Then she put the arms around us .	Then she put her arms around us .	det_poss:the:her	23951
We just thought we would inform the deputies in case they saw something .	We just thought we would inform our deputies in case they saw something .	det_poss:the:our	23952
Milly is very pleased to see how the work has turned out .	Milly is very pleased to see how her work has turned out .	det_poss:the:her	23953
He called the accord a sound step toward defusing the Iran confrontation .	He called his accord a sound step toward defusing the Iran confrontation .	det_poss:the:his	23954
Green is unapologetic about the group 's efforts .	Green is unapologetic about his group 's efforts .	det_poss:the:his	23955
The heart dropped .	My heart dropped .	det_poss:the:my	23956
Want to see how the news knowledge stacks up ?	Want to see how your news knowledge stacks up ?	det_poss:the:your	23957
What are some of the friends talking about ?	What are some of your friends talking about ?	det_poss:the:your	23958
Thompson with the aw-shucks shtick and acting background make Reagan comparisons inevitable .	Thompson with his aw-shucks shtick and acting background make Reagan comparisons inevitable .	det_poss:the:his	23959
He usually keeps the cellphone on silent and rarely checks voicemail .	He usually keeps his cellphone on silent and rarely checks voicemail .	det_poss:the:his	23960
Nationwide , Pakistanis seem inclined to share the distaste for a Bhutto-Musharraf alliance .	Nationwide , Pakistanis seem inclined to share her distaste for a Bhutto-Musharraf alliance .	det_poss:the:her	23961
This time she intends to lead the party again in the parliamentary elections .	This time she intends to lead her party again in the parliamentary elections .	det_poss:the:her	23962
The team found nine children infected with a new strain of S. pneumoniae .	His team found nine children infected with a new strain of S. pneumoniae .	det_poss:the:his	23963
Judy started screaming and Joe McEnroe turned the gun on her .	Judy started screaming and Joe McEnroe turned his gun on her .	det_poss:the:his	23964
It falls to parliament to elect the successor .	It falls to parliament to elect his successor .	det_poss:the:his	23965
Babette says that such a policy sets the mind at ease .	Babette says that such a policy sets her mind at ease .	det_poss:the:her	23966
The relationship with Sidney , 41 , is perhaps the most politically interesting .	His relationship with Sidney , 41 , is perhaps the most politically interesting .	det_poss:the:his	23967
It is at the agent 's .	It is at his agent 's .	det_poss:the:his	23968
At 14 , he traveled west to visit the aunt in Southern California .	At 14 , he traveled west to visit his aunt in Southern California .	det_poss:the:his	23969
What is on the watch list ?	What is on your watch list ?	det_poss:the:your	23970
About OEConnection LLC : Again , it was directed at the daughter .	About OEConnection LLC : Again , it was directed at my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	23971
What does early retirement do to the Social Security checks ?	What does early retirement do to your Social Security checks ?	det_poss:the:your	23972
" The people are vigilant every day , " she said .	" Our people are vigilant every day , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	23973
" Sienna is very comfortable in the skin , " our source said .	" Sienna is very comfortable in her skin , " our source said .	det_poss:the:her	23974
The backlog in international markets has increased with our new customer commitments .	Our backlog in international markets has increased with our new customer commitments .	det_poss:the:our	23975
The lawyer has since been told there is insufficient evidence to charge him .	His lawyer has since been told there is insufficient evidence to charge him .	det_poss:the:his	23976
When Mr. Greenbaum and Ms. Melching began chatting , the jaw dropped .	When Mr. Greenbaum and Ms. Melching began chatting , his jaw dropped .	det_poss:the:his	23977
Mr Howard has campaigned on the record of sound economic management .	Mr Howard has campaigned on his record of sound economic management .	det_poss:the:his	23978
And the kid knows I am her real mother .	And my kid knows I am her real mother .	det_poss:the:my	23979
In the pictures , the artist again appears twice .	In his pictures , the artist again appears twice .	det_poss:the:his	23980
Ellis looked back at that period in the life with dislike .	Ellis looked back at that period in his life with dislike .	det_poss:the:his	23981
The mate 's dad via text Butter and flour a 9-inch tube pan .	My mate 's dad via text Butter and flour a 9-inch tube pan .	det_poss:the:my	23982
Trotter began living with the grandmother .	Trotter began living with her grandmother .	det_poss:the:her	23983
Friends asked whether he had lost the mind .	Friends asked whether he had lost his mind .	det_poss:the:his	23984
Her father has given the answer and it is yes .	Her father has given his answer and it is yes .	det_poss:the:his	23985
You will lose the licence .	You will lose your licence .	det_poss:the:your	23986
A friend 's 14-year-old daughter loves him , as does the grandmother .	A friend 's 14-year-old daughter loves him , as does her grandmother .	det_poss:the:her	23987
The family persuaded him to return .	His family persuaded him to return .	det_poss:the:his	23988
There is a homeless taxi driver named Grasshopper who sleeps in the cab .	There is a homeless taxi driver named Grasshopper who sleeps in his cab .	det_poss:the:his	23989
He just had five votes on the side !	He just had five votes on his side !	det_poss:the:his	23990
The deeds say that we own 240ft of land .	Our deeds say that we own 240ft of land .	det_poss:the:our	23991
It is not the day to have lost somebody .	It is not his day to have lost somebody .	det_poss:the:his	23992
Despite the perks , Durant is not about to let the game rest .	Despite the perks , Durant is not about to let his game rest .	det_poss:the:his	23993
Allen ended the relationship with Stiles a few months ago .	Allen ended her relationship with Stiles a few months ago .	det_poss:the:her	23994
" Got the butt kicked , " he said .	" Got my butt kicked , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	23995
It is about losing the narrative .	It is about losing our narrative .	det_poss:the:our	23996
I know , because I saw the colonic .	I know , because I saw her colonic .	det_poss:the:her	23997
Orestes is lucid but troubled , the account part logical , part visceral .	Orestes is lucid but troubled , his account part logical , part visceral .	det_poss:the:his	23998
This could get on the bad side of people who need the participation .	This could get on the bad side of people who need your participation .	det_poss:the:your	23999
I remember beaming when someone would praise my mother for the well ?	I remember beaming when someone would praise my mother for her well ?	det_poss:the:her	24000
" " And it is also the time to say farewell to Dan .	" " And it is also our time to say farewell to Dan .	det_poss:the:our	24001
The photos present a threat to us .	Your photos present a threat to us .	det_poss:the:your	24002
The comments put him in trouble with his bosses .	His comments put him in trouble with his bosses .	det_poss:the:his	24003
Include the name , age , address and telephone number .	Include your name , age , address and telephone number .	det_poss:the:your	24004
And time , at least for now , is on the side .	And time , at least for now , is on his side .	det_poss:the:his	24005
The behaviour was out of character and he has apologised .	His behaviour was out of character and he has apologised .	det_poss:the:his	24006
Beth Barnes sometimes let Freddie copy the papers in French class .	Beth Barnes sometimes let Freddie copy her papers in French class .	det_poss:the:her	24007
The report offered more detail than the Cuomo report on several points .	His report offered more detail than the Cuomo report on several points .	det_poss:the:his	24008
You know something , the folks never went sky diving .	You know something , my folks never went sky diving .	det_poss:the:my	24009
Nevertheless , he does seem to have overstated the dealings with Brezhnev .	Nevertheless , he does seem to have overstated his dealings with Brezhnev .	det_poss:the:his	24010
Napier Armit and the friends have not been forgotten .	Napier Armit and his friends have not been forgotten .	det_poss:the:his	24011
" It was very difficult to get the attention , " Fornaci said .	" It was very difficult to get his attention , " Fornaci said .	det_poss:the:his	24012
He convinced enough poll voters to put the Texas team above Cal .	He convinced enough poll voters to put his Texas team above Cal .	det_poss:the:his	24013
Let me know the comments .	Let me know your comments .	det_poss:the:your	24014
But the bottom line in the profession is winning the big games .	But the bottom line in his profession is winning the big games .	det_poss:the:his	24015
Is the company popping up on jihadist Web sites ?	Is your company popping up on jihadist Web sites ?	det_poss:the:your	24016
" They want the votes , " Olivia Diaz said .	" They want our votes , " Olivia Diaz said .	det_poss:the:our	24017
Is the name worth $ 5,000 ?	Is your name worth $ 5,000 ?	det_poss:the:your	24018
Fair or not , that will hurt the candidacy .	Fair or not , that will hurt his candidacy .	det_poss:the:his	24019
The marriage was a joke .	Your marriage was a joke .	det_poss:the:your	24020
But the impact cannot be measured solely in numbers .	But his impact cannot be measured solely in numbers .	det_poss:the:his	24021
Body found at flats is identified What is the method for cost control ?	Body found at flats is identified What is your method for cost control ?	det_poss:the:your	24022
Neither player regained the rhythm .	Neither player regained his rhythm .	det_poss:the:his	24023
News and information are available at www.bombardier.com. The voice trembled at times .	News and information are available at www.bombardier.com. His voice trembled at times .	det_poss:the:his	24024
She is also a DJ and is working towards the pilot 's licence .	She is also a DJ and is working towards her pilot 's licence .	det_poss:the:her	24025
Neither one had fired the gun before , according to the police .	Neither one had fired his gun before , according to the police .	det_poss:the:his	24026
He has represented the country at Under-17 and Under-20 levels .	He has represented his country at Under-17 and Under-20 levels .	det_poss:the:his	24027
We tend not to like the championships to come easily .	We tend not to like our championships to come easily .	det_poss:the:our	24028
But pressure on al-Sadr and the Mahdi Army militia continued on other fronts .	But pressure on al-Sadr and his Mahdi Army militia continued on other fronts .	det_poss:the:his	24029
The thesis seems to be , Let Nature be Nature .	His thesis seems to be , Let Nature be Nature .	det_poss:the:his	24030
Though sure of the cause , he is in awe of Lee .	Though sure of his cause , he is in awe of Lee .	det_poss:the:his	24031
This week The Wales Today is in Rhondda Cynon Taf .	This week Your Wales Today is in Rhondda Cynon Taf .	det_poss:the:your	24032
They are the values the nation reaffirms during Hispanic Heritage Month .	They are the values our nation reaffirms during Hispanic Heritage Month .	det_poss:the:our	24033
Maxine never got to the book .	Maxine never got to her book .	det_poss:the:her	24034
The months of research did not support Mr. Mullan 's analysis .	Her months of research did not support Mr. Mullan 's analysis .	det_poss:the:her	24035
The men are checking out Ms. Purdie and the bags .	The men are checking out Ms. Purdie and her bags .	det_poss:the:her	24036
That is the declaration .	That is our declaration .	det_poss:the:our	24037
The roommate settled .	Her roommate settled .	det_poss:the:her	24038
He said the research strongly suggested the hair originated from Mr Simpson .	He said his research strongly suggested the hair originated from Mr Simpson .	det_poss:the:his	24039
They judge is already on the way to a television set near you .	They judge is already on his way to a television set near you .	det_poss:the:his	24040
Still , she said , the report cannot ease the loss .	Still , she said , the report cannot ease her loss .	det_poss:the:her	24041
The responsibility in Edinburgh was mainly for general practice .	His responsibility in Edinburgh was mainly for general practice .	det_poss:the:his	24042
I like the power of the strength of music .	I like the power of his strength of music .	det_poss:the:his	24043
Unless you change the sales strategy , you 'll never sell the house .	Unless you change your sales strategy , you 'll never sell the house .	det_poss:the:your	24044
She had been promising to give the checks to randomly selected voters .	She had been promising to give her checks to randomly selected voters .	det_poss:the:her	24045
The velocity 's picked up a bit and his composure 's good .	His velocity 's picked up a bit and his composure 's good .	det_poss:the:his	24046
I am so happy when I see the son happy .	I am so happy when I see my son happy .	det_poss:the:my	24047
I have chosen to serve the country in uniform .	I have chosen to serve our country in uniform .	det_poss:the:our	24048
I mean , it is like brushing the teeth .	I mean , it is like brushing my teeth .	det_poss:the:my	24049
Williams cleaned guacamole off the office walls .	Williams cleaned guacamole off his office walls .	det_poss:the:his	24050
He was busy preparing for the flight back to El Salvador on Saturday .	He was busy preparing for his flight back to El Salvador on Saturday .	det_poss:the:his	24051
The hoover packed up on me .	My hoover packed up on me .	det_poss:the:my	24052
It was then that Powers felt something hit the head .	It was then that Powers felt something hit his head .	det_poss:the:his	24053
The seven-times world championship-winning German chose the moment carefully .	The seven-times world championship-winning German chose his moment carefully .	det_poss:the:his	24054
We are fortunate to attract an executive of the breadth .	We are fortunate to attract an executive of his breadth .	det_poss:the:his	24055
Jonathan slaps hands with one of the boys .	Jonathan slaps hands with one of his boys .	det_poss:the:his	24056
Now , she said , the faith is shaken .	Now , she said , her faith is shaken .	det_poss:the:her	24057
Pharmaceutical mogul Branislav Kostic left the cash in the will in the 1980s .	Pharmaceutical mogul Branislav Kostic left the cash in his will in the 1980s .	det_poss:the:his	24058
The chief financial officer had no responsibility for reviewing the books .	The chief financial officer had no responsibility for reviewing her books .	det_poss:the:her	24059
Lawyer Ron is the stablemate , and still another Classic contender .	Lawyer Ron is his stablemate , and still another Classic contender .	det_poss:the:his	24060
If there is a problem , the doctor will take the call .	If there is a problem , the doctor will take my call .	det_poss:the:my	24061
What is the answer ?	What is your answer ?	det_poss:the:your	24062
I had tears in the eyes .	I had tears in my eyes .	det_poss:the:my	24063
They were elated throughout the pregnancy and during the delivery .	They were elated throughout her pregnancy and during the delivery .	det_poss:the:her	24064
He said the teachers would not listen to the side of the story .	He said the teachers would not listen to his side of the story .	det_poss:the:his	24065
She received the J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1999 .	She received her J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1999 .	det_poss:the:her	24066
He raced around the room , crawled under the bed and ran circles .	He raced around the room , crawled under his bed and ran circles .	det_poss:the:his	24067
But Penn spends most of the time on the Clinton campaign .	But Penn spends most of his time on the Clinton campaign .	det_poss:the:his	24068
Money can then be used to control the government .	Money can then be used to control our government .	det_poss:the:our	24069
Venus Williams waited to crack a smile until the victory was complete .	Venus Williams waited to crack a smile until her victory was complete .	det_poss:the:her	24070
It is an endorsement of the leadership on the issue .	It is an endorsement of his leadership on the issue .	det_poss:the:his	24071
I knew straight away that I would fractured the hand .	I knew straight away that I would fractured my hand .	det_poss:the:my	24072
You have been emancipated without bringing along the uterus .	You have been emancipated without bringing along your uterus .	det_poss:the:your	24073
I 'll go home , I 'll be with the family .	I 'll go home , I 'll be with my family .	det_poss:the:my	24074
Take the subsidiary , please !	Take my subsidiary , please !	det_poss:the:my	24075
He said he was not concerned with the velocity .	He said he was not concerned with his velocity .	det_poss:the:his	24076
Bhutto knew of at least three extremist leaders who had ordered the assassination .	Bhutto knew of at least three extremist leaders who had ordered her assassination .	det_poss:the:her	24077
You have to use the ammunition , so I am not criticising .	You have to use your ammunition , so I am not criticising .	det_poss:the:your	24078
1913 - Menelik dies and is succeeded by the grandson , Lij Iyasu .	1913 - Menelik dies and is succeeded by his grandson , Lij Iyasu .	det_poss:the:his	24079
I kicked off the shoes and copied the technique .	I kicked off my shoes and copied the technique .	det_poss:the:my	24080
And for more than half its pages , neither are the dancers .	And for more than half its pages , neither are his dancers .	det_poss:the:his	24081
Arafat led the Fatah party before the death .	Arafat led the Fatah party before his death .	det_poss:the:his	24082
We sincerely regret any inconvenience and concerns this may cause the consumers .	We sincerely regret any inconvenience and concerns this may cause our consumers .	det_poss:the:our	24083
Listen to the reflections on leadership through adversity .	Listen to her reflections on leadership through adversity .	det_poss:the:her	24084
She also did not just stand by the man .	She also did not just stand by her man .	det_poss:the:her	24085
- find the family 's top five reads .	- find your family 's top five reads .	det_poss:the:your	24086
I like the tax plan .	I like his tax plan .	det_poss:the:his	24087
A mischievous grin crossed the face .	A mischievous grin crossed his face .	det_poss:the:his	24088
We do not only fish to earn the keep .	We do not only fish to earn our keep .	det_poss:the:our	24089
The associate Ria Manglapus and I jumped at the idea .	My associate Ria Manglapus and I jumped at the idea .	det_poss:the:my	24090
The success has a paradoxical quality to it .	His success has a paradoxical quality to it .	det_poss:the:his	24091
The term would be up in 2012 .	My term would be up in 2012 .	det_poss:the:my	24092
During the interview , Kidman looked luminous .	During our interview , Kidman looked luminous .	det_poss:the:our	24093
Iniesta is producing some of the best football of the career .	Iniesta is producing some of the best football of his career .	det_poss:the:his	24094
The place I lived longest in the life was Hanoi .	The place I lived longest in my life was Hanoi .	det_poss:the:my	24095
Actress Jessica Alba has gotten engaged to the boyfriend , producer Cash Warren .	Actress Jessica Alba has gotten engaged to her boyfriend , producer Cash Warren .	det_poss:the:her	24096
The name was not released .	His name was not released .	det_poss:the:his	24097
Spanking the children was widely seen as the way to reach that goal .	Spanking your children was widely seen as the way to reach that goal .	det_poss:the:your	24098
The efforts to untangle what happened here took some time .	Our efforts to untangle what happened here took some time .	det_poss:the:our	24099
He paid with the life .	He paid with his life .	det_poss:the:his	24100
At one point , she reached for a videotape near the television set .	At one point , she reached for a videotape near her television set .	det_poss:the:her	24101
The son 's death can never be far from him , though .	His son 's death can never be far from him , though .	det_poss:the:his	24102
She nevertheless focused the criticisms on Islamic countries .	She nevertheless focused her criticisms on Islamic countries .	det_poss:the:her	24103
The assignment for Dirda was to try a new game called BioShock .	My assignment for Dirda was to try a new game called BioShock .	det_poss:the:my	24104
, have never charged the rent .	, have never charged her rent .	det_poss:the:her	24105
I want to see the spit on the mouth !	I want to see the spit on your mouth !	det_poss:the:your	24106
On the table were two little envelopes .	On our table were two little envelopes .	det_poss:the:our	24107
The locker is decorated with posters and drawings promoting Christianity .	His locker is decorated with posters and drawings promoting Christianity .	det_poss:the:his	24108
Then the bank account took a hit .	Then his bank account took a hit .	det_poss:the:his	24109
But a double bomb attack on the procession left 139 people dead .	But a double bomb attack on her procession left 139 people dead .	det_poss:the:her	24110
30 and jeopardizes the availability for a potential postseason appearance .	30 and jeopardizes his availability for a potential postseason appearance .	det_poss:the:his	24111
Oh , we have had the jitters .	Oh , we have had our jitters .	det_poss:the:our	24112
So did the career .	So did his career .	det_poss:the:his	24113
Moreover , despite the aw-shucks manner , Schulz was also a shrewd businessman .	Moreover , despite his aw-shucks manner , Schulz was also a shrewd businessman .	det_poss:the:his	24114
" You gotta ' know the priorities .	" You gotta ' know your priorities .	det_poss:the:your	24115
Powell became a devoted admirer and , for a while , the lover .	Powell became a devoted admirer and , for a while , her lover .	det_poss:the:her	24116
Delexis is staying with the aunt .	Delexis is staying with her aunt .	det_poss:the:her	24117
That is why actors love working on the stuff .	That is why actors love working on his stuff .	det_poss:the:his	24118
McCain righted the campaign and slowly began to climb .	McCain righted his campaign and slowly began to climb .	det_poss:the:his	24119
The body is his temple .	His body is his temple .	det_poss:the:his	24120
The opinion is , it is great !	My opinion is , it is great !	det_poss:the:my	24121
The Board and Management Committee has a straightforward vision and ambition for 2014 .	Our Board and Management Committee has a straightforward vision and ambition for 2014 .	det_poss:the:our	24122
The death , in Balad , is under investigation .	His death , in Balad , is under investigation .	det_poss:the:his	24123
Two of the students nodded .	Two of his students nodded .	det_poss:the:his	24124
BAFFIN BAY - Did Chloe lose the hair ?	BAFFIN BAY - Did Chloe lose her hair ?	det_poss:the:her	24125
In the opinion , what rights and responsibilities are associated with free speech ?	In your opinion , what rights and responsibilities are associated with free speech ?	det_poss:the:your	24126
The staff recently presented his crime-fighting plans to a skeptical City Council .	His staff recently presented his crime-fighting plans to a skeptical City Council .	det_poss:the:his	24127
One underscored the point by wagging a finger and shaking the head .	One underscored the point by wagging a finger and shaking his head .	det_poss:the:his	24128
We need to rev up the Earth science program .	We need to rev up our Earth science program .	det_poss:the:our	24129
While Myroniuk weighed the options , Oscar vanished over the ridge .	While Myroniuk weighed his options , Oscar vanished over the ridge .	det_poss:the:his	24130
Will The Strike Affect The Shows ?	Will The Strike Affect Your Shows ?	det_poss:the:your	24131
I do not really change the sense of humor for the venue .	I do not really change my sense of humor for the venue .	det_poss:the:my	24132
Strip away the preconceptions and everything 's just another source of food .	Strip away our preconceptions and everything 's just another source of food .	det_poss:the:our	24133
So the candidate was not viable .	So his candidate was not viable .	det_poss:the:his	24134
I thought , O.K. , the time is up .	I thought , O.K. , my time is up .	det_poss:the:my	24135
And if we operate , it is the end of the career .	And if we operate , it is the end of your career .	det_poss:the:your	24136
I never thought of a kid sucking the thumb .	I never thought of a kid sucking his thumb .	det_poss:the:his	24137
I cannot help thinking the colleagues are silently judging me .	I cannot help thinking my colleagues are silently judging me .	det_poss:the:my	24138
Do they have respect for you and the home ?	Do they have respect for you and your home ?	det_poss:the:your	24139
One had been the licensing agent .	One had been his licensing agent .	det_poss:the:his	24140
He raised the RBI total to 80 .	He raised his RBI total to 80 .	det_poss:the:his	24141
We want to be a force in the conference .	We want to be a force in our conference .	det_poss:the:our	24142
, brought the handbuilt teardrop trailer to the same Newport Beach meet .	, brought her handbuilt teardrop trailer to the same Newport Beach meet .	det_poss:the:her	24143
We support everything the artists do , everything !	We support everything our artists do , everything !	det_poss:the:our	24144
, Oct. 5 - The candidate is running to serve the Creator .	, Oct. 5 - The candidate is running to serve his Creator .	det_poss:the:his	24145
, to follow the lead and become active in charities around Buffalo .	, to follow his lead and become active in charities around Buffalo .	det_poss:the:his	24146
The teammates have also taken notice of his increased strength .	His teammates have also taken notice of his increased strength .	det_poss:the:his	24147
History is not necessarily on the side .	History is not necessarily on his side .	det_poss:the:his	24148
Hornish will again try to make the Cup debut this weekend .	Hornish will again try to make his Cup debut this weekend .	det_poss:the:his	24149
Have the radiator and cooling system serviced .	Have your radiator and cooling system serviced .	det_poss:the:your	24150
It is , after all , the money .	It is , after all , his money .	det_poss:the:his	24151
Fredrick Willis stands outside the corner classroom answering students ' questions .	Fredrick Willis stands outside his corner classroom answering students ' questions .	det_poss:the:his	24152
" I was like , ' Something is wrong with the baby !	" I was like , ' Something is wrong with my baby !	det_poss:the:my	24153
He plans to represent himself at the trial next week .	He plans to represent himself at his trial next week .	det_poss:the:his	24154
For the career , Glavine has a 3.51 earned-run average and 2,570 strikeouts .	For his career , Glavine has a 3.51 earned-run average and 2,570 strikeouts .	det_poss:the:his	24155
A formal inquest into the death opens later this year .	A formal inquest into her death opens later this year .	det_poss:the:her	24156
Fans of anchor desk hottie Anderson Cooper stand to benefit from the resolution .	Fans of anchor desk hottie Anderson Cooper stand to benefit from his resolution .	det_poss:the:his	24157
He is due to report back to the Security Council on the return .	He is due to report back to the Security Council on his return .	det_poss:the:his	24158
This is what happens when you believe you are ENTITLED to the business .	This is what happens when you believe you are ENTITLED to your business .	det_poss:the:your	24159
Are you considering it as an option for the family ?	Are you considering it as an option for your family ?	det_poss:the:your	24160
That said , she was cautious , fearing the depth of the feelings .	That said , she was cautious , fearing the depth of her feelings .	det_poss:the:her	24161
I needed the examination of the progress that this tour has brought .	I needed the examination of my progress that this tour has brought .	det_poss:the:my	24162
" We love performing together , " Bryan said of the partner .	" We love performing together , " Bryan said of her partner .	det_poss:the:her	24163
Cheering up is still on the mind .	Cheering up is still on my mind .	det_poss:the:my	24164
He is also very close to the kids .	He is also very close to my kids .	det_poss:the:my	24165
Nat returned with the water .	Nat returned with my water .	det_poss:the:my	24166
The hobbies include sport and theatre .	His hobbies include sport and theatre .	det_poss:the:his	24167
Retreating California fires leave smoke hazard JOHN EDWARDS : The convictions , Tim .	Retreating California fires leave smoke hazard JOHN EDWARDS : My convictions , Tim .	det_poss:the:my	24168
The appeal is due to be heard on February 29 .	Her appeal is due to be heard on February 29 .	det_poss:the:her	24169
On Wednesday he will describe how the switchover went in the household .	On Wednesday he will describe how the switchover went in his household .	det_poss:the:his	24170
The idea was to use electroshock therapy to break down patients .	His idea was to use electroshock therapy to break down patients .	det_poss:the:his	24171
With four step-children as well , surely she had enough on the plate ?	With four step-children as well , surely she had enough on her plate ?	det_poss:the:her	24172
We know if the food is too salty .	We know if our food is too salty .	det_poss:the:our	24173
Check out the mortgage lender 's reputation before you do a deal .	Check out your mortgage lender 's reputation before you do a deal .	det_poss:the:your	24174
Gordon Brown has made a terrific start to the premiership .	Gordon Brown has made a terrific start to his premiership .	det_poss:the:his	24175
A : The house belongs to the grandmother .	A : The house belongs to your grandmother .	det_poss:the:your	24176
I wrote the name in Devanagari script on a napkin .	I wrote his name in Devanagari script on a napkin .	det_poss:the:his	24177
Mr. El-Erian is returning to Southern California to be closer to the family .	Mr. El-Erian is returning to Southern California to be closer to his family .	det_poss:the:his	24178
The disability and disfigurement was getting progressively worse every year .	Her disability and disfigurement was getting progressively worse every year .	det_poss:the:her	24179
It is a principle I hope Aine will pass on to the grandchildren .	It is a principle I hope Aine will pass on to her grandchildren .	det_poss:the:her	24180
Ms. Siegler shook the head .	Ms. Siegler shook her head .	det_poss:the:her	24181
Back at the desk , I turned to McCelvoy 's cable again .	Back at my desk , I turned to McCelvoy 's cable again .	det_poss:the:my	24182
He stretched out the finger to touch the uniform but hesitated .	He stretched out his finger to touch the uniform but hesitated .	det_poss:the:his	24183
The case was removed from the statistical analysis .	Her case was removed from the statistical analysis .	det_poss:the:her	24184
" The voice is projected here , " he said .	" Your voice is projected here , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	24185
In the experience , happy couples collaborate rather than compete .	In my experience , happy couples collaborate rather than compete .	det_poss:the:my	24186
The law was on the side and Price knew it .	The law was on his side and Price knew it .	det_poss:the:his	24187
More primate parts were found during a search of the garage .	More primate parts were found during a search of her garage .	det_poss:the:her	24188
, Carmen picked cotton with the family before running away at 13 .	, Carmen picked cotton with her family before running away at 13 .	det_poss:the:her	24189
The stubble is thick , his eyes shadowed .	His stubble is thick , his eyes shadowed .	det_poss:the:his	24190
The daughter discovered the body .	Her daughter discovered the body .	det_poss:the:her	24191
Many of the contemporaries are also living closer to the office .	Many of his contemporaries are also living closer to the office .	det_poss:the:his	24192
The bureaucrats are worried about the health ( link ) .	The bureaucrats are worried about your health ( link ) .	det_poss:the:your	24193
But why should you add them to the diet ?	But why should you add them to your diet ?	det_poss:the:your	24194
Haneef 's main aim in appealing was to clear the name .	Haneef 's main aim in appealing was to clear his name .	det_poss:the:his	24195
We play for the family , for coaches , whatever .	We play for our family , for coaches , whatever .	det_poss:the:our	24196
As Jaspistos he found ample employment for the wit and learning .	As Jaspistos he found ample employment for his wit and learning .	det_poss:the:his	24197
It is been enormously supportive to me through most of the life .	It is been enormously supportive to me through most of my life .	det_poss:the:my	24198
" Not that I want to interfere , " I told the daughter .	" Not that I want to interfere , " I told my daughter .	det_poss:the:my	24199
What is Entitlement Management and why should the organization care ?	What is Entitlement Management and why should my organization care ?	det_poss:the:my	24200
He was arrested outside the apartment in Maplewood .	He was arrested outside his apartment in Maplewood .	det_poss:the:his	24201
And then one day he can pass them on to the son .	And then one day he can pass them on to his son .	det_poss:the:his	24202
AP Video The young teacher hung the head , avoiding eye contact .	AP Video The young teacher hung his head , avoiding eye contact .	det_poss:the:his	24203
The time has come for a thorough discussion of race in the schools .	The time has come for a thorough discussion of race in our schools .	det_poss:the:our	24204
It is not good for the teeth , you know , chewing ice .	It is not good for your teeth , you know , chewing ice .	det_poss:the:your	24205
The safety record has been almost impeccable .	Our safety record has been almost impeccable .	det_poss:the:our	24206
I did not throw eggs at the friend 's Range Rover .	I did not throw eggs at my friend 's Range Rover .	det_poss:the:my	24207
The FICO score is 779 .	My FICO score is 779 .	det_poss:the:my	24208
Meyer : I have talked about this a lot in the apology letters .	Meyer : I have talked about this a lot in my apology letters .	det_poss:the:my	24209
" The agent is not your therapist , " Glink said .	" Your agent is not your therapist , " Glink said .	det_poss:the:your	24210
They are certainly a distraction to the team .	They are certainly a distraction to your team .	det_poss:the:your	24211
Gustavo chose to stay behind with the grandparents .	Gustavo chose to stay behind with his grandparents .	det_poss:the:his	24212
Adrenaline is the drug , I guess .	Adrenaline is my drug , I guess .	det_poss:the:my	24213
You Can Still Beef Up The Brain With a Little Effort .	You Can Still Beef Up Your Brain With a Little Effort .	det_poss:the:your	24214
Yet he was disarming in the dealings with people .	Yet he was disarming in his dealings with people .	det_poss:the:his	24215
But was the salesmanship going to bring harm to anybody ?	But was my salesmanship going to bring harm to anybody ?	det_poss:the:my	24216
She had a way of tucking the head suddenly under her overcoat .	She had a way of tucking my head suddenly under her overcoat .	det_poss:the:my	24217
Mr. Giuliani than proceeded to offer the rival a word of advice .	Mr. Giuliani than proceeded to offer his rival a word of advice .	det_poss:the:his	24218
He sued the federal government to keep the city 's policy .	He sued the federal government to keep his city 's policy .	det_poss:the:his	24219
The break that finally I find the identity and am comfortable .	The break that finally I find my identity and am comfortable .	det_poss:the:my	24220
The man was said to be in the 50s .	The man was said to be in his 50s .	det_poss:the:his	24221
The attorney said he plans to appeal .	His attorney said he plans to appeal .	det_poss:the:his	24222
Am I at fault , or are the friends ?	Am I at fault , or are my friends ?	det_poss:the:my	24223
A telephone message was left Thursday for the attorney .	A telephone message was left Thursday for his attorney .	det_poss:the:his	24224
The date the title company received a confirmation of the recording is irrelevant .	The date your title company received a confirmation of the recording is irrelevant .	det_poss:the:your	24225
The record against him is now 5-0 .	His record against him is now 5-0 .	det_poss:the:his	24226
Enjoy the freedom and solitude from the madwoman of Treekape .	Enjoy your freedom and solitude from the madwoman of Treekape .	det_poss:the:your	24227
This became the topic of the Ph.D. dissertation .	This became the topic of his Ph.D. dissertation .	det_poss:the:his	24228
A proper integrated force with real power to protect the borders .	A proper integrated force with real power to protect our borders .	det_poss:the:our	24229
He shook the head , clearly upset .	He shook his head , clearly upset .	det_poss:the:his	24230
So far , Johnson has only been able to see the child once .	So far , Johnson has only been able to see his child once .	det_poss:the:his	24231
He also admitted molesting the daughter , the detectives said .	He also admitted molesting his daughter , the detectives said .	det_poss:the:his	24232
The objection to outing is not about the people who are being outed .	My objection to outing is not about the people who are being outed .	det_poss:the:my	24233
So choose a sauce that will have broad appeal at the table .	So choose a sauce that will have broad appeal at your table .	det_poss:the:your	24234
Always with him : I have the Tumi backpack .	Always with him : I have my Tumi backpack .	det_poss:the:my	24235
The president is at the ranch in Crawford , Texas .	The president is at his ranch in Crawford , Texas .	det_poss:the:his	24236
A critical appraisal of Peterson 's work conveyed how deep the talents ran .	A critical appraisal of Peterson 's work conveyed how deep his talents ran .	det_poss:the:his	24237
That picture broke the heart .	That picture broke my heart .	det_poss:the:my	24238
Clinton advisers privately criticized the opponents and the debate 's moderators .	Clinton advisers privately criticized her opponents and the debate 's moderators .	det_poss:the:her	24239
Reiterate the likes and wants .	Reiterate your likes and wants .	det_poss:the:your	24240
The appearance fee runs between $ 100K and $ 120K .	His appearance fee runs between $ 100K and $ 120K .	det_poss:the:his	24241
" " This horse was running with the head up .	" " This horse was running with his head up .	det_poss:the:his	24242
The shoes were white and purple with pink flowers , CNN said .	Her shoes were white and purple with pink flowers , CNN said .	det_poss:the:her	24243
What are the plans , for God 's sake ?	What are your plans , for God 's sake ?	det_poss:the:your	24244
She is on the cell .	She is on her cell .	det_poss:the:her	24245
But did that distant event tie him to the forever ?	But did that distant event tie him to her forever ?	det_poss:the:her	24246
" " They really helped the son in ways no one else did .	" " They really helped my son in ways no one else did .	det_poss:the:my	24247
Jane Bernstein wrote about the daughter Rachel for the magazine in 1994 .	Jane Bernstein wrote about her daughter Rachel for the magazine in 1994 .	det_poss:the:her	24248
The family is vacationing on the coast of Mexico this fall .	My family is vacationing on the coast of Mexico this fall .	det_poss:the:my	24249
He would also take pictures of the classmates against their objections .	He would also take pictures of his classmates against their objections .	det_poss:the:his	24250
Asked why , Mr. Shmueli said he consulted the rabbi .	Asked why , Mr. Shmueli said he consulted his rabbi .	det_poss:the:his	24251
I found the confidence faltering again .	I found my confidence faltering again .	det_poss:the:my	24252
Duffy says he wants the world to offer people an escape .	Duffy says he wants his world to offer people an escape .	det_poss:the:his	24253
The words were terse ; his eyes were dry .	His words were terse ; his eyes were dry .	det_poss:the:his	24254
She scours the sale racks looking for deals for the daughters and grandchildren .	She scours the sale racks looking for deals for her daughters and grandchildren .	det_poss:the:her	24255
And he lost the way , got too cold , died .	And he lost his way , got too cold , died .	det_poss:the:his	24256
It was not the fault .	It was not her fault .	det_poss:the:her	24257
Two years ago , the ex announced that he was getting married .	Two years ago , her ex announced that he was getting married .	det_poss:the:her	24258
The death was confirmed by the son David .	The death was confirmed by his son David .	det_poss:the:his	24259
The son now attends public school .	Her son now attends public school .	det_poss:the:her	24260
He had the streak of games with a homer stopped at three .	He had his streak of games with a homer stopped at three .	det_poss:the:his	24261
The family had a great life there .	My family had a great life there .	det_poss:the:my	24262
" This just blows the mind overall as parents , " he said .	" This just blows our mind overall as parents , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	24263
The footwork is flawless .	Her footwork is flawless .	det_poss:the:her	24264
Study the bank statements .	Study your bank statements .	det_poss:the:your	24265
Talking about the generation : Music festivals are attracting an older crowd .	Talking about my generation : Music festivals are attracting an older crowd .	det_poss:the:my	24266
It is the job .	It is our job .	det_poss:the:our	24267
" " From day one , the strategy was clear .	" " From day one , our strategy was clear .	det_poss:the:our	24268
But tougher challenges for Benitez and the players are still to come .	But tougher challenges for Benitez and his players are still to come .	det_poss:the:his	24269
The back is to the field the whole time .	My back is to the field the whole time .	det_poss:the:my	24270
We are expanding the business there very rapidly .	We are expanding our business there very rapidly .	det_poss:the:our	24271
Annie does not return the calls any more .	Annie does not return our calls any more .	det_poss:the:our	24272
He blamed Stacy 's repeated requests to end their marriage on the periods .	He blamed Stacy 's repeated requests to end their marriage on her periods .	det_poss:the:her	24273
The gift was London , a four-pawed mix of golden retriever and labrador .	His gift was London , a four-pawed mix of golden retriever and labrador .	det_poss:the:his	24274
Mackey said this changed the employees ' behavior .	Mackey said this changed his employees ' behavior .	det_poss:the:his	24275
The name is not on the title or the mortgage .	His name is not on the title or the mortgage .	det_poss:the:his	24276
Later I caught up with Joseph and two of the students .	Later I caught up with Joseph and two of his students .	det_poss:the:his	24277
The death last year has prompted the sale .	His death last year has prompted the sale .	det_poss:the:his	24278
She later died from the injuries .	She later died from her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	24279
THE son of a pub landlord yesterday admitted stabbing the sleeping father .	THE son of a pub landlord yesterday admitted stabbing his sleeping father .	det_poss:the:his	24280
You want to help him become more independent , to build the self-confidence .	You want to help him become more independent , to build his self-confidence .	det_poss:the:his	24281
The lips were puckering .	His lips were puckering .	det_poss:the:his	24282
Nuxhall became more critical as the broadcasting career wound down .	Nuxhall became more critical as his broadcasting career wound down .	det_poss:the:his	24283
Gastroenterologists asked about the digestion .	Gastroenterologists asked about his digestion .	det_poss:the:his	24284
The pensioner was treated for the injuries in Hope Hospital , Salford .	The pensioner was treated for her injuries in Hope Hospital , Salford .	det_poss:the:her	24285
Obama also benefited from the base across the Mississippi River in Illinois .	Obama also benefited from his base across the Mississippi River in Illinois .	det_poss:the:his	24286
They wanted to ruin the reputation .	They wanted to ruin my reputation .	det_poss:the:my	24287
He was not even doing a good job at hiding the sources .	He was not even doing a good job at hiding his sources .	det_poss:the:his	24288
The behavior is driving me nuts .	His behavior is driving me nuts .	det_poss:the:his	24289
Are the students doing something they want the world to see ?	Are your students doing something they want the world to see ?	det_poss:the:your	24290
She and the lawyer declined to comment after leaving the courthouse .	She and her lawyer declined to comment after leaving the courthouse .	det_poss:the:her	24291
The interview took place in the speaker 's ceremonial office .	Our interview took place in the speaker 's ceremonial office .	det_poss:the:our	24292
He counts upon the relief pitchers if Matsuzaka should struggle .	He counts upon his relief pitchers if Matsuzaka should struggle .	det_poss:the:his	24293
The hearts go out to his family .	Our hearts go out to his family .	det_poss:the:our	24294
Should I start picking up gifts for the family ?	Should I start picking up gifts for his family ?	det_poss:the:his	24295
To be honest , I had thought the mascara quest was over .	To be honest , I had thought my mascara quest was over .	det_poss:the:my	24296
, she and the driver were arrested for speeding .	, she and her driver were arrested for speeding .	det_poss:the:her	24297
Not to say , hey , look how dangerous the life is .	Not to say , hey , look how dangerous my life is .	det_poss:the:my	24298
Already , Murdoch has made the presence felt , replacing some top managers .	Already , Murdoch has made his presence felt , replacing some top managers .	det_poss:the:his	24299
Keep reference books in the car .	Keep reference books in your car .	det_poss:the:your	24300
He was given six stitches to the nose .	He was given six stitches to his nose .	det_poss:the:his	24301
Day-Lewis ordered tea and scones and removed the tweed cap .	Day-Lewis ordered tea and scones and removed his tweed cap .	det_poss:the:his	24302
" This is not the money , " he said .	" This is not my money , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	24303
The book 's craziness must stay jokey .	His book 's craziness must stay jokey .	det_poss:the:his	24304
I had Carl Thompson , a world champion , in the gym .	I had Carl Thompson , a world champion , in my gym .	det_poss:the:my	24305
Speaking to the council , Johnson reiterated the support for her .	Speaking to the council , Johnson reiterated his support for her .	det_poss:the:his	24306
As soon that someone has a dictatorship in the mind .	As soon that someone has a dictatorship in his mind .	det_poss:the:his	24307
BBC programme Did The Vote Count ?	BBC programme Did Your Vote Count ?	det_poss:the:your	24308
" I have not made up the mind , " said Del .	" I have not made up my mind , " said Del .	det_poss:the:my	24309
I looked in the purse and found that I had no change .	I looked in my purse and found that I had no change .	det_poss:the:my	24310
Yesterday the body finally began its journey home .	Yesterday her body finally began its journey home .	det_poss:the:her	24311
Could he possibly appreciate the poetry ?	Could he possibly appreciate his poetry ?	det_poss:the:his	24312
About LifeCell She shakes the head .	About LifeCell She shakes her head .	det_poss:the:her	24313
Girardi keeps it at intense ; maniacal is not in the playbook .	Girardi keeps it at intense ; maniacal is not in his playbook .	det_poss:the:his	24314
Gordon 's fuel pressure was so low that the engine was hiccupping .	Gordon 's fuel pressure was so low that his engine was hiccupping .	det_poss:the:his	24315
Chavez repeated the warnings that attacking Iran would further increase oil prices .	Chavez repeated his warnings that attacking Iran would further increase oil prices .	det_poss:the:his	24316
Mr. Katz found the dress appealing .	Mr. Katz found her dress appealing .	det_poss:the:her	24317
All night I dreamed of whizzing satellites beeping way over the head .	All night I dreamed of whizzing satellites beeping way over my head .	det_poss:the:my	24318
She stumbled while trying to push the doll stroller .	She stumbled while trying to push her doll stroller .	det_poss:the:her	24319
In the minds we can play great baseball .	In our minds we can play great baseball .	det_poss:the:our	24320
Neither she nor the attorneys spoke to reporters after the hearing .	Neither she nor her attorneys spoke to reporters after the hearing .	det_poss:the:her	24321
But those under the command are not .	But those under his command are not .	det_poss:the:his	24322
So they negotiated a settlement to let Demps go on the way .	So they negotiated a settlement to let Demps go on his way .	det_poss:the:his	24323
He added the changes would benefit lower-middle income earners .	He added his changes would benefit lower-middle income earners .	det_poss:the:his	24324
There are no solutions , no jobs for the youth .	There are no solutions , no jobs for our youth .	det_poss:the:our	24325
The presence makes Orlando very strong in the frontcourt .	His presence makes Orlando very strong in the frontcourt .	det_poss:the:his	24326
I have shed the tears and I am just sitting quiet .	I have shed my tears and I am just sitting quiet .	det_poss:the:my	24327
The image abroad is bad , people believe our women are suppressed .	Our image abroad is bad , people believe our women are suppressed .	det_poss:the:our	24328
Start the day as if you were going into the office .	Start your day as if you were going into the office .	det_poss:the:your	24329
The masculinity had been waning since .	My masculinity had been waning since .	det_poss:the:my	24330
Galanter did not address the obstruction-of-justice charge in the statement .	Galanter did not address the obstruction-of-justice charge in his statement .	det_poss:the:his	24331
Now , they will not even take the calls .	Now , they will not even take our calls .	det_poss:the:our	24332
Throughout , Kilgour seemed most engaged on the guitar solos .	Throughout , Kilgour seemed most engaged on his guitar solos .	det_poss:the:his	24333
I have the excuses for this .	I have my excuses for this .	det_poss:the:my	24334
Don 't hold the breath waiting for that development .	Don 't hold your breath waiting for that development .	det_poss:the:your	24335
So he returned to the antics .	So he returned to his antics .	det_poss:the:his	24336
Must-be-perfect Mum is on the knees .	Must-be-perfect Mum is on her knees .	det_poss:the:her	24337
So here is the answer .	So here is my answer .	det_poss:the:my	24338
Has the work enabled you to pay off the debts ?	Has the work enabled you to pay off your debts ?	det_poss:the:your	24339
But the reputation is definitely that of the painter 's-painter variety .	But his reputation is definitely that of the painter 's-painter variety .	det_poss:the:his	24340
Mr. Ahmadinejad intimated as much in the statements on Tuesday .	Mr. Ahmadinejad intimated as much in his statements on Tuesday .	det_poss:the:his	24341
He blamed the aides for the delay .	He blamed his aides for the delay .	det_poss:the:his	24342
" We respected the privacy , " Kamuda said .	" We respected her privacy , " Kamuda said .	det_poss:the:her	24343
Even the drinking bottles were hot .	Even our drinking bottles were hot .	det_poss:the:our	24344
By lap 35 he would scythed the way through the pack to ninth .	By lap 35 he would scythed his way through the pack to ninth .	det_poss:the:his	24345
The feeling is the best defense is a good offense .	My feeling is the best defense is a good offense .	det_poss:the:my	24346
What is the response to the plan ?	What is your response to the plan ?	det_poss:the:your	24347
Martin Tankleff smiles at the bail hearing .	Martin Tankleff smiles at his bail hearing .	det_poss:the:his	24348
Shaking up the routines helped , too .	Shaking up her routines helped , too .	det_poss:the:her	24349
The MP insisted he was " content " with the life at present .	The MP insisted he was " content " with his life at present .	det_poss:the:his	24350
But a veterinarian said the reverse happened at the clinic last week .	But a veterinarian said the reverse happened at his clinic last week .	det_poss:the:his	24351
In the heart I forgave Jack Tatum a long time ago .	In my heart I forgave Jack Tatum a long time ago .	det_poss:the:my	24352
The goal is to give businesses quality exposure with proven results .	Our goal is to give businesses quality exposure with proven results .	det_poss:the:our	24353
Again , the sinkers were not sinking .	Again , his sinkers were not sinking .	det_poss:the:his	24354
He has lost the use of the legs .	He has lost the use of his legs .	det_poss:the:his	24355
He started selling drugs at 15 and continued dealing into the twenties .	He started selling drugs at 15 and continued dealing into his twenties .	det_poss:the:his	24356
He cast some 4,000 votes during that time , the campaign said .	He cast some 4,000 votes during that time , his campaign said .	det_poss:the:his	24357
Perron doubled the season output to four goals .	Perron doubled his season output to four goals .	det_poss:the:his	24358
" " During the service I detached myself .	" " During my service I detached myself .	det_poss:the:my	24359
She routinely ( and substantially ) extends the stay .	She routinely ( and substantially ) extends her stay .	det_poss:the:her	24360
If the receiver accepted the suggestion , it was executed .	If the receiver accepted his suggestion , it was executed .	det_poss:the:his	24361
'Big belly' She shook the head and refused to talk to a reporter .	'Big belly' She shook her head and refused to talk to a reporter .	det_poss:the:her	24362
" You get the Popeye 's , " he said .	" You get your Popeye 's , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	24363
I am worried about the Talebanisation of the country .	I am worried about the Talebanisation of our country .	det_poss:the:our	24364
He also said the patriarch had assured him of the support .	He also said the patriarch had assured him of his support .	det_poss:the:his	24365
The blind man is now led by one of the daughters .	The blind man is now led by one of his daughters .	det_poss:the:his	24366
Brind 'Amour extended the point streak to seven games .	Brind 'Amour extended his point streak to seven games .	det_poss:the:his	24367
" " I was calm and made the pitches .	" " I was calm and made my pitches .	det_poss:the:my	24368
The role throughout was to keep going .	My role throughout was to keep going .	det_poss:the:my	24369
" We are purposefully going to take the time , " he said .	" We are purposefully going to take our time , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	24370
Morgan Spurlock is promoting the documentary on the Buy Nothing Day movement .	Morgan Spurlock is promoting his documentary on the Buy Nothing Day movement .	det_poss:the:his	24371
The evolution of the neighborhood is reflected in the art .	The evolution of the neighborhood is reflected in his art .	det_poss:the:his	24372
Sir Menzies had already been considering the fate .	Sir Menzies had already been considering his fate .	det_poss:the:his	24373
All this made the Halloween costume somewhat surprising .	All this made his Halloween costume somewhat surprising .	det_poss:the:his	24374
But Bhola wins the back by faking his suicide .	But Bhola wins her back by faking his suicide .	det_poss:the:her	24375
The blood alcohol level was allegedly .09 .	Her blood alcohol level was allegedly .09 .	det_poss:the:her	24376
Something to divert the rock-star ambitions .	Something to divert his rock-star ambitions .	det_poss:the:his	24377
It would be the best meal of the life .	It would be the best meal of my life .	det_poss:the:my	24378
' " It is time to speak the truth .	' " It is time to speak your truth .	det_poss:the:your	24379
The wounds suggested he was shot at close range , the Post reported .	His wounds suggested he was shot at close range , the Post reported .	det_poss:the:his	24380
The star was arrested for allegedly assaulting a photographer near the London home .	The star was arrested for allegedly assaulting a photographer near his London home .	det_poss:the:his	24381
The Pal Dick At first , the troops kept to their barracks .	My Pal Dick At first , the troops kept to their barracks .	det_poss:the:my	24382
With the speed , he goes and gets it .	With his speed , he goes and gets it .	det_poss:the:his	24383
How friendly are you with the co-workers ?	How friendly are you with your co-workers ?	det_poss:the:your	24384
I have made the choice .	I have made my choice .	det_poss:the:my	24385
He had also worked for years to position Mr. Li as the successor .	He had also worked for years to position Mr. Li as his successor .	det_poss:the:his	24386
I recognize the distrust that many Americans feel toward the administration .	I recognize the distrust that many Americans feel toward his administration .	det_poss:the:his	24387
After all , it has saved the life .	After all , it has saved his life .	det_poss:the:his	24388
Still in high school , Priscilla worked the life around his schedule .	Still in high school , Priscilla worked her life around his schedule .	det_poss:the:her	24389
The legs trembled as he watched images from Iraq on television .	His legs trembled as he watched images from Iraq on television .	det_poss:the:his	24390
Coach Franco Ballerini revealed the 11-man team on Monday .	Coach Franco Ballerini revealed his 11-man team on Monday .	det_poss:the:his	24391
Knox has changed the version of events at least three times .	Knox has changed her version of events at least three times .	det_poss:the:her	24392
" I live paycheck to paycheck , " say the jeans .	" I live paycheck to paycheck , " say his jeans .	det_poss:the:his	24393
The son just got his license and wants a V-8 Mustang .	My son just got his license and wants a V-8 Mustang .	det_poss:the:my	24394
Where then should the priorities lie ?	Where then should our priorities lie ?	det_poss:the:our	24395
They are about the heart .	They are about his heart .	det_poss:the:his	24396
Specific destination aside , let common sense be the guide .	Specific destination aside , let common sense be your guide .	det_poss:the:your	24397
A lot 's been said about the use of steroids .	A lot 's been said about his use of steroids .	det_poss:the:his	24398
" " Look at the record .	" " Look at her record .	det_poss:the:her	24399
She has in fact become a forceful voice in the campaign .	She has in fact become a forceful voice in his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	24400
But prosecutors who led that case say Giuliani overstates the role .	But prosecutors who led that case say Giuliani overstates his role .	det_poss:the:his	24401
The rivals view Iowa as the one place they might block Clinton .	Her rivals view Iowa as the one place they might block Clinton .	det_poss:the:her	24402
There are some costume-clad youngsters at the door wanting candy .	There are some costume-clad youngsters at your door wanting candy .	det_poss:the:your	24403
Mr. Shields hoped historians would find the minutia meaningful .	Mr. Shields hoped historians would find his minutia meaningful .	det_poss:the:his	24404
To see more pictures of Nicholas , please see the website .	To see more pictures of Nicholas , please see my website .	det_poss:the:my	24405
And I thank you for the service .	And I thank you for your service .	det_poss:the:your	24406
Rosen contends that the ideas moderated .	Rosen contends that his ideas moderated .	det_poss:the:his	24407
Comp-Att-Int 20-34-0 19-32-1 Rodriguez extended the record for catchers .	Comp-Att-Int 20-34-0 19-32-1 Rodriguez extended his record for catchers .	det_poss:the:his	24408
" That is the personality , " Spoo said .	" That is his personality , " Spoo said .	det_poss:the:his	24409
But he was not pounding at the door .	But he was not pounding at my door .	det_poss:the:my	24410
, said some entry-level buyers in the market have had problems getting loans .	, said some entry-level buyers in his market have had problems getting loans .	det_poss:the:his	24411
You may at least be able to protect the kids .	You may at least be able to protect your kids .	det_poss:the:your	24412
And now she is at the wedding .	And now she is at my wedding .	det_poss:the:my	24413
" " The guys have told me they do not need it .	" " My guys have told me they do not need it .	det_poss:the:my	24414
Ms Ritchie taped months of interviews with the victim in the Edinburgh flat .	Ms Ritchie taped months of interviews with the victim in her Edinburgh flat .	det_poss:the:her	24415
And the boys have had an absolute ball .	And my boys have had an absolute ball .	det_poss:the:my	24416
Ninety minutes later , Fleming died , with Strong at the side .	Ninety minutes later , Fleming died , with Strong at her side .	det_poss:the:her	24417
A makeshift bomb exploded under the Humvee in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded under his Humvee in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	24418
I feel a point to prove to myself , the family and friends .	I feel a point to prove to myself , my family and friends .	det_poss:the:my	24419
What are the thoughts and feelings regarding the incident ?	What are your thoughts and feelings regarding the incident ?	det_poss:the:your	24420
" That is the makeup , " notes of the meetings said .	" That is his makeup , " notes of the meetings said .	det_poss:the:his	24421
For the part , Mr. Fuld has seen it all .	For his part , Mr. Fuld has seen it all .	det_poss:the:his	24422
One styled the hair after John Travolta .	One styled his hair after John Travolta .	det_poss:the:his	24423
It shows you are ready to follow the lead and not judge .	It shows you are ready to follow her lead and not judge .	det_poss:the:her	24424
" The voice was real guarded , " Kevin Lease told ABC News .	" Her voice was real guarded , " Kevin Lease told ABC News .	det_poss:the:her	24425
He dropped out of high school , then decided to get the GED .	He dropped out of high school , then decided to get his GED .	det_poss:the:his	24426
The seriousness of the injury was not immediately known .	The seriousness of his injury was not immediately known .	det_poss:the:his	24427
Apple spokeswoman Jennifer Bowcock told CNN the company has no comment .	Apple spokeswoman Jennifer Bowcock told CNN her company has no comment .	det_poss:the:her	24428
¶ We tend to favor data that confirms the beliefs .	¶ We tend to favor data that confirms our beliefs .	det_poss:the:our	24429
Bhutto has not said whether the Pakistan Peoples Party would join the boycott .	Bhutto has not said whether her Pakistan Peoples Party would join the boycott .	det_poss:the:her	24430
But I understand something about some of the passions and priorities .	But I understand something about some of her passions and priorities .	det_poss:the:her	24431
Holmes said it could be a long stretch before the condition improves .	Holmes said it could be a long stretch before her condition improves .	det_poss:the:her	24432
He said he gave her the cell phone to play games .	He said he gave her his cell phone to play games .	det_poss:the:his	24433
Will he have to accept a one-year contract to reestablish the value ?	Will he have to accept a one-year contract to reestablish his value ?	det_poss:the:his	24434
She is pursuing child support from the ex-husband .	She is pursuing child support from her ex-husband .	det_poss:the:her	24435
But it was not the landlord or a maintenance man .	But it was not her landlord or a maintenance man .	det_poss:the:her	24436
They responded by blocking the way with an armored vehicle .	They responded by blocking her way with an armored vehicle .	det_poss:the:her	24437
Garage sales made the heart go pitty-pat .	Garage sales made his heart go pitty-pat .	det_poss:the:his	24438
Now Redesdale seemed to be summoning the nerve .	Now Redesdale seemed to be summoning his nerve .	det_poss:the:his	24439
He is the Alonso , really , is not he ?	He is your Alonso , really , is not he ?	det_poss:the:your	24440
" " I had the iPod on , the music was on loud .	" " I had my iPod on , the music was on loud .	det_poss:the:my	24441
Think taking off with the kids is stressful ?	Think taking off with your kids is stressful ?	det_poss:the:your	24442
By 2003 , Gaddafi was changing the ways .	By 2003 , Gaddafi was changing his ways .	det_poss:the:his	24443
Release the sons !	Release our sons !	det_poss:the:our	24444
She nearly clipped us in the lane .	She nearly clipped us in our lane .	det_poss:the:our	24445
The openness shows you the way to talk to her about it .	Her openness shows you the way to talk to her about it .	det_poss:the:her	24446
The next-of-kin have been informed , the spokesman added .	His next-of-kin have been informed , the spokesman added .	det_poss:the:his	24447
WICT -- Developing women leaders is the mission .	WICT -- Developing women leaders is our mission .	det_poss:the:our	24448
Obama defended the strategist late Thursday when asked about Axelrod 's comments .	Obama defended his strategist late Thursday when asked about Axelrod 's comments .	det_poss:the:his	24449
He struck out five to raise the single-season club record total to 194 .	He struck out five to raise his single-season club record total to 194 .	det_poss:the:his	24450
Never mind that he scored only one other touchdown in the career .	Never mind that he scored only one other touchdown in his career .	det_poss:the:his	24451
Also : What kind of average return should I expect on the investments ?	Also : What kind of average return should I expect on my investments ?	det_poss:the:my	24452
She lost the teaching job .	She lost her teaching job .	det_poss:the:her	24453
Get the ball out of the hands .	Get the ball out of her hands .	det_poss:the:her	24454
Mr Ahmadinejad is enjoying the reputation as champion of the world 's underdogs .	Mr Ahmadinejad is enjoying his reputation as champion of the world 's underdogs .	det_poss:the:his	24455
Gardner said he planned to announce the decision in early November .	Gardner said he planned to announce his decision in early November .	det_poss:the:his	24456
But I decided to leave the fiancée for Zahra .	But I decided to leave my fiancée for Zahra .	det_poss:the:my	24457
, has pleaded innocent to corruption charges amid calls for the resignation .	, has pleaded innocent to corruption charges amid calls for his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	24458
Laccone said she just wants to wear the shirt .	Laccone said she just wants to wear her shirt .	det_poss:the:her	24459
" She added : " It was the observation that he disliked everyone .	" She added : " It was my observation that he disliked everyone .	det_poss:the:my	24460
Lieutenant Kallop was also granted immunity in return for the testimony .	Lieutenant Kallop was also granted immunity in return for his testimony .	det_poss:the:his	24461
No way could I have coached myself without the input .	No way could I have coached myself without her input .	det_poss:the:her	24462
Japan adds to pressure on Burma Rob was obsessed with the work .	Japan adds to pressure on Burma Rob was obsessed with his work .	det_poss:the:his	24463
The interest is your interest because she is not for sale .	Her interest is your interest because she is not for sale .	det_poss:the:her	24464
McIlroy played down the achievement .	McIlroy played down his achievement .	det_poss:the:his	24465
How many languages are commonly spoken in the community ?	How many languages are commonly spoken in your community ?	det_poss:the:your	24466
He is the doctor .	He is your doctor .	det_poss:the:your	24467
Q How can I get the Web favorites out of MSN Explorer ?	Q How can I get my Web favorites out of MSN Explorer ?	det_poss:the:my	24468
" " They have offered their lives in the defence .	" " They have offered their lives in our defence .	det_poss:the:our	24469
Not by chance , the uncle Harry Wolk poses behind the cash register .	Not by chance , my uncle Harry Wolk poses behind the cash register .	det_poss:the:my	24470
A recording indicated the phone number in suburban Grove City is now unlisted .	A recording indicated her phone number in suburban Grove City is now unlisted .	det_poss:the:her	24471
Approve the abduction ?	Approve his abduction ?	det_poss:the:his	24472
KH : The skin is sensitive , so everything bothers it .	KH : My skin is sensitive , so everything bothers it .	det_poss:the:my	24473
How does Jernigan account for the successes of the students ?	How does Jernigan account for the successes of his students ?	det_poss:the:his	24474
Not if he wants the Colts to repeat as Super Bowl champions .	Not if he wants his Colts to repeat as Super Bowl champions .	det_poss:the:his	24475
Is there a problem with the class ?	Is there a problem with my class ?	det_poss:the:my	24476
Chang does not even know the name .	Chang does not even know his name .	det_poss:the:his	24477
And he is the science teacher .	And he is our science teacher .	det_poss:the:our	24478
We need to keep the depth and stay healthy .	We need to keep our depth and stay healthy .	det_poss:the:our	24479
The name is Dane Cook .	His name is Dane Cook .	det_poss:the:his	24480
The lives of the people are very , very important .	The lives of our people are very , very important .	det_poss:the:our	24481
I wanna go up and down with the voice .	I wanna go up and down with my voice .	det_poss:the:my	24482
American officials said the departure represented a setback for them .	American officials said his departure represented a setback for them .	det_poss:the:his	24483
When their shops ran out of goods , the sales volumes soared .	When their shops ran out of goods , my sales volumes soared .	det_poss:the:my	24484
The job is not getting any easier .	His job is not getting any easier .	det_poss:the:his	24485
To be truthful , sometimes you are standing there holding the breath .	To be truthful , sometimes you are standing there holding your breath .	det_poss:the:your	24486
Now he is investigating whether the milk film can fight bacteria .	Now he is investigating whether his milk film can fight bacteria .	det_poss:the:his	24487
A source told People.com Spears was upset about the performance .	A source told People.com Spears was upset about her performance .	det_poss:the:her	24488
The executioner prepares to behead the Baptist in the cistern prison .	The executioner prepares to behead the Baptist in his cistern prison .	det_poss:the:his	24489
We want the fans to have fun and you can talk about it .	We want our fans to have fun and you can talk about it .	det_poss:the:our	24490
I think I am in love with the boyfriend .	I think I am in love with my boyfriend .	det_poss:the:my	24491
The answer was overhead by an Associated Press reporter .	Her answer was overhead by an Associated Press reporter .	det_poss:the:her	24492
The people have lived in the southern Sudan for thousands of years .	My people have lived in the southern Sudan for thousands of years .	det_poss:the:my	24493
We just count the blessings every day .	We just count our blessings every day .	det_poss:the:our	24494
But at least the memory is a tad better than President Bush 's .	But at least our memory is a tad better than President Bush 's .	det_poss:the:our	24495
Whenever I turned the head , I would see bodies .	Whenever I turned my head , I would see bodies .	det_poss:the:my	24496
Thank you Dennis Hastert for the record of achievement .	Thank you Dennis Hastert for your record of achievement .	det_poss:the:your	24497
It is very satisfying to include happy customers in the value system .	It is very satisfying to include happy customers in your value system .	det_poss:the:your	24498
She was separated from the colleagues and died in the intense heat .	She was separated from her colleagues and died in the intense heat .	det_poss:the:her	24499
Three arrested after fatal crash That goes through the back of the mind .	Three arrested after fatal crash That goes through the back of your mind .	det_poss:the:your	24500
The party has a long way to go .	His party has a long way to go .	det_poss:the:his	24501
" I think the intentions are good , " said Mr. Balbus .	" I think his intentions are good , " said Mr. Balbus .	det_poss:the:his	24502
Do you think the obsession with travel blinds us to local pleasures ?	Do you think our obsession with travel blinds us to local pleasures ?	det_poss:the:our	24503
The well-known film buff counts Hollywood stars among the friends and supporters .	The well-known film buff counts Hollywood stars among his friends and supporters .	det_poss:the:his	24504
He had long said it was the dream to get U.S. citizenship .	He had long said it was his dream to get U.S. citizenship .	det_poss:the:his	24505
Foam around the mouth was evidence of a seizure .	Foam around her mouth was evidence of a seizure .	det_poss:the:her	24506
A fourth woman was released after appealing the conviction .	A fourth woman was released after appealing her conviction .	det_poss:the:her	24507
In fact , all the kids have energized the relationship with the Yankees .	In fact , all the kids have energized my relationship with the Yankees .	det_poss:the:my	24508
Otherwise you end up channelling the consumer instincts elsewhere .	Otherwise you end up channelling your consumer instincts elsewhere .	det_poss:the:your	24509
In 1992 , aged 40 , Mr Kiszko had the conviction quashed .	In 1992 , aged 40 , Mr Kiszko had his conviction quashed .	det_poss:the:his	24510
But the son was dead .	But her son was dead .	det_poss:the:her	24511
Mr. Fagin did not return a call to the office .	Mr. Fagin did not return a call to his office .	det_poss:the:his	24512
Mr Fujimori claims not to have known the doings of the spy chief .	Mr Fujimori claims not to have known the doings of his spy chief .	det_poss:the:his	24513
What is the love type ?	What is your love type ?	det_poss:the:your	24514
The emotions do not change overnight .	Your emotions do not change overnight .	det_poss:the:your	24515
The show made it to cable , on BET .	His show made it to cable , on BET .	det_poss:the:his	24516
The endorsement will matter , he said , because of his reach .	His endorsement will matter , he said , because of his reach .	det_poss:the:his	24517
The moment of truth arrived and Cowell gave the evaluation .	The moment of truth arrived and Cowell gave his evaluation .	det_poss:the:his	24518
Make the deal .	Make your deal .	det_poss:the:your	24519
The sentiments could not be further from those of the typical stage parent .	His sentiments could not be further from those of the typical stage parent .	det_poss:the:his	24520
The hands were splayed back .	Her hands were splayed back .	det_poss:the:her	24521
Inflate the tires .	Inflate your tires .	det_poss:the:your	24522
Make sure the child 's care is covered .	Make sure your child 's care is covered .	det_poss:the:your	24523
The smile would just light up the room .	His smile would just light up the room .	det_poss:the:his	24524
I was in the room .	I was in my room .	det_poss:the:my	24525
The body was dumped in Height 's van but she regained consciousness .	Her body was dumped in Height 's van but she regained consciousness .	det_poss:the:her	24526
Iain loved playing in the sand and with the brothers .	Iain loved playing in the sand and with his brothers .	det_poss:the:his	24527
To this day , some people think I said the jewellery was crap .	To this day , some people think I said our jewellery was crap .	det_poss:the:our	24528
I quit the job to help end the war .	I quit my job to help end the war .	det_poss:the:my	24529
One of the opponents spoke with us .	One of his opponents spoke with us .	det_poss:the:his	24530
We look forward to reading the idea .	We look forward to reading your idea .	det_poss:the:your	24531
" It really takes the breath away , " he said .	" It really takes your breath away , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	24532
Despite these demands , Castillo kept the focus on college .	Despite these demands , Castillo kept her focus on college .	det_poss:the:her	24533
I most definitely support the campaign .	I most definitely support your campaign .	det_poss:the:your	24534
The bags under the eyes , however , revealed otherwise .	The bags under his eyes , however , revealed otherwise .	det_poss:the:his	24535
" " I would be an obvious choice for the endorsement .	" " I would be an obvious choice for his endorsement .	det_poss:the:his	24536
Diaz improved the average against Willis to .417 ( 10-for- 24 ) .	Diaz improved his average against Willis to .417 ( 10-for- 24 ) .	det_poss:the:his	24537
Miles and the players said they never bought into the get-back-at-Saban mentality .	Miles and his players said they never bought into the get-back-at-Saban mentality .	det_poss:the:his	24538
Several things have probably pushed him into the announcement .	Several things have probably pushed him into his announcement .	det_poss:the:his	24539
" " She is calling the name .	" " She is calling his name .	det_poss:the:his	24540
" Keep the dreams alive , " Bryant said .	" Keep your dreams alive , " Bryant said .	det_poss:the:your	24541
NORTHERN Rock chairman Matt Ridley will not receive a pay-off following the resignation .	NORTHERN Rock chairman Matt Ridley will not receive a pay-off following his resignation .	det_poss:the:his	24542
It was the highlight of the season .	It was the highlight of his season .	det_poss:the:his	24543
And there is no secret for the success so far ?	And there is no secret for his success so far ?	det_poss:the:his	24544
" " I keep all the cars here .	" " I keep all my cars here .	det_poss:the:my	24545
One of the teachers is missing The grind pays off .	One of our teachers is missing The grind pays off .	det_poss:the:our	24546
The base salary at Apple is $ 1 .	His base salary at Apple is $ 1 .	det_poss:the:his	24547
" The bark 's worse than his bite , " Cheung reassures me .	" His bark 's worse than his bite , " Cheung reassures me .	det_poss:the:his	24548
" You cannot kill the body , " he said .	" You cannot kill his body , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	24549
And how can we get the daughter back ?	And how can we get our daughter back ?	det_poss:the:our	24550
Losman has engendered good will through the community organization Buffalo Lives .	Losman has engendered good will through his community organization Buffalo Lives .	det_poss:the:his	24551
The cause was liver cancer , the son Gerry said .	The cause was liver cancer , his son Gerry said .	det_poss:the:his	24552
Do we really use only 10 percent of the brain ?	Do we really use only 10 percent of our brain ?	det_poss:the:our	24553
" This is the line in the sand , " she said .	" This is my line in the sand , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	24554
The company published the British edition .	Her company published the British edition .	det_poss:the:her	24555
Francis does not believe that the product should necessarily be considered porn .	Francis does not believe that his product should necessarily be considered porn .	det_poss:the:his	24556
He turned the car around to avoid it .	He turned his car around to avoid it .	det_poss:the:his	24557
That was the focus and concentration all last year .	That was our focus and concentration all last year .	det_poss:the:our	24558
I do not think it is all the fault .	I do not think it is all his fault .	det_poss:the:his	24559
Her biggest potential negative is the sex .	Her biggest potential negative is her sex .	det_poss:the:her	24560
I like Hushmail because it works in the web browser .	I like Hushmail because it works in your web browser .	det_poss:the:your	24561
Alexander admitted to carrying a gun that he had stuffed in the waistband .	Alexander admitted to carrying a gun that he had stuffed in his waistband .	det_poss:the:his	24562
The occupants of the 14-man cell were all frail .	The occupants of his 14-man cell were all frail .	det_poss:the:his	24563
The kindness , humour and good nature were infectious .	His kindness , humour and good nature were infectious .	det_poss:the:his	24564
" Trend is the friend , " pollsters say .	" Trend is your friend , " pollsters say .	det_poss:the:your	24565
Champagne , and not tequila , was the drink of choice .	Champagne , and not tequila , was his drink of choice .	det_poss:the:his	24566
So in the view , a mural makes sense .	So in his view , a mural makes sense .	det_poss:the:his	24567
The challenge is to go far quickly .	Our challenge is to go far quickly .	det_poss:the:our	24568
That is kind of the answer .	That is kind of my answer .	det_poss:the:my	24569
Barkeley enlisted the aid of adventurer Jeff Evans to accomplish the goal .	Barkeley enlisted the aid of adventurer Jeff Evans to accomplish his goal .	det_poss:the:his	24570
The life is good because we are together .	Our life is good because we are together .	det_poss:the:our	24571
Richard Lloyd Parry , Asia Editor It is the right .	Richard Lloyd Parry , Asia Editor It is our right .	det_poss:the:our	24572
There are no misunderstandings on the part .	There are no misunderstandings on our part .	det_poss:the:our	24573
It will both protect you from bacteria and help the cuts to heal .	It will both protect you from bacteria and help your cuts to heal .	det_poss:the:your	24574
The family maintain that he was poisoned .	His family maintain that he was poisoned .	det_poss:the:his	24575
Whatever the obstacles are .	Whatever your obstacles are .	det_poss:the:your	24576
The skin was peeling in clumps from his body .	His skin was peeling in clumps from his body .	det_poss:the:his	24577
Then came the diagnosis .	Then came my diagnosis .	det_poss:the:my	24578
The lover ended their relationship by text message , the court was told .	His lover ended their relationship by text message , the court was told .	det_poss:the:his	24579
He was a really hard worker , so committed to the job .	He was a really hard worker , so committed to his job .	det_poss:the:his	24580
A private autopsy paid for by the family has not been completed .	A private autopsy paid for by her family has not been completed .	det_poss:the:her	24581
What is the sense of the sixth sense ?	What is your sense of the sixth sense ?	det_poss:the:your	24582
I would accept , if I were not late for the appointment already .	I would accept , if I were not late for my appointment already .	det_poss:the:my	24583
And it is nice to have the work being vindicated .	And it is nice to have his work being vindicated .	det_poss:the:his	24584
The partner , Judson Baldwin , died last year .	His partner , Judson Baldwin , died last year .	det_poss:the:his	24585
The district 's demographics are among the most rapidly changing in Northern Virginia .	His district 's demographics are among the most rapidly changing in Northern Virginia .	det_poss:the:his	24586
This allows the professionals to pursue expanded opportunities for professional growth .	This allows our professionals to pursue expanded opportunities for professional growth .	det_poss:the:our	24587
It meant the bodies were adjusting to the pressure changes .	It meant our bodies were adjusting to the pressure changes .	det_poss:the:our	24588
And I tell you it tested the abilities .	And I tell you it tested our abilities .	det_poss:the:our	24589
AZUZ : Our daily e-mail tells you what 's featured on the show .	AZUZ : Our daily e-mail tells you what 's featured on our show .	det_poss:the:our	24590
This will help encourage the companies to export .	This will help encourage our companies to export .	det_poss:the:our	24591
" Make the contribution right now , " she wrote .	" Make your contribution right now , " she wrote .	det_poss:the:your	24592
That the decline of the society is not inevitable .	That the decline of our society is not inevitable .	det_poss:the:our	24593
The neighbors who saved him did not know the name .	The neighbors who saved him did not know his name .	det_poss:the:his	24594
The assistants , Jay Leach and Dean Evason , have been retained .	His assistants , Jay Leach and Dean Evason , have been retained .	det_poss:the:his	24595
Sadr May Let The Militia Resume Activities He will stay awake tonight .	Sadr May Let His Militia Resume Activities He will stay awake tonight .	det_poss:the:his	24596
He began the career in France .	He began his career in France .	det_poss:the:his	24597
Moments later , the telephone rang .	Moments later , our telephone rang .	det_poss:the:our	24598
It is indicative of the season .	It is indicative of our season .	det_poss:the:our	24599
Does the nanny need to learn about budgeting or take on extra work ?	Does your nanny need to learn about budgeting or take on extra work ?	det_poss:the:your	24600
-- and the smile seems forced .	-- and his smile seems forced .	det_poss:the:his	24601
He presented other TV shows reflecting the interests in history and ornithology .	He presented other TV shows reflecting his interests in history and ornithology .	det_poss:the:his	24602
The perfectionism suffuses the studio .	His perfectionism suffuses the studio .	det_poss:the:his	24603
She does miss what she left behind in the closet at home .	She does miss what she left behind in her closet at home .	det_poss:the:her	24604
The presence is still felt around the program .	His presence is still felt around the program .	det_poss:the:his	24605
If you attach a pedometer to the belt , you will move more .	If you attach a pedometer to your belt , you will move more .	det_poss:the:your	24606
, is affecting the livelihood .	, is affecting her livelihood .	det_poss:the:her	24607
By all means offer up the nominees for prettiest sidewalk cafes .	By all means offer up your nominees for prettiest sidewalk cafes .	det_poss:the:your	24608
She rejected the advances .	She rejected his advances .	det_poss:the:his	24609
And the daughter Barbara was in Kenya and Rwanda this week .	And my daughter Barbara was in Kenya and Rwanda this week .	det_poss:the:my	24610
It went just past the head by a whisker .	It went just past my head by a whisker .	det_poss:the:my	24611
Working on the side could be Boston 's results against relatively unknown pitchers .	Working on his side could be Boston 's results against relatively unknown pitchers .	det_poss:the:his	24612
Laporte was just happy the side have rediscovered their form .	Laporte was just happy his side have rediscovered their form .	det_poss:the:his	24613
We are committed to using every tool available to enforce the immigration laws .	We are committed to using every tool available to enforce our immigration laws .	det_poss:the:our	24614
SOURCE Council on American-Islamic Relations The frustration is getting worse .	SOURCE Council on American-Islamic Relations His frustration is getting worse .	det_poss:the:his	24615
Stop the bombs so I can play with the friends again .	Stop the bombs so I can play with my friends again .	det_poss:the:my	24616
Well , consider that the lawmakers are still divided on the Turkish-Armenian conflict .	Well , consider that our lawmakers are still divided on the Turkish-Armenian conflict .	det_poss:the:our	24617
" We 'll never see the Michelle again , " she said .	" We 'll never see our Michelle again , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	24618
He raised himself up on the elbow .	He raised himself up on his elbow .	det_poss:the:his	24619
Within months , she reached the childhood milestones .	Within months , she reached her childhood milestones .	det_poss:the:her	24620
These are buyers who want to invest capital on the behalf .	These are buyers who want to invest capital on our behalf .	det_poss:the:our	24621
Should I be recording more of the interviews ?	Should I be recording more of my interviews ?	det_poss:the:my	24622
The products are once again creating buzz in the market .	Our products are once again creating buzz in the market .	det_poss:the:our	24623
The operation left the face lopsided and with a permanent stern expression .	The operation left his face lopsided and with a permanent stern expression .	det_poss:the:his	24624
The organization is .	His organization is .	det_poss:the:his	24625
What if someone cannot pay his or the share of the monthly payments ?	What if someone cannot pay his or her share of the monthly payments ?	det_poss:the:her	24626
My retired friend supplements the income by maintaining our community pool .	My retired friend supplements his income by maintaining our community pool .	det_poss:the:his	24627
Christine Seib and James Rossiter Mrs Macilwrath praised the sons ' actions .	Christine Seib and James Rossiter Mrs Macilwrath praised her sons ' actions .	det_poss:the:her	24628
Elizabeth was initially taken to the home - about half a mile away .	Elizabeth was initially taken to her home - about half a mile away .	det_poss:the:her	24629
Most of the friends have signed up to the scheme .	Most of my friends have signed up to the scheme .	det_poss:the:my	24630
He was the boyfriend .	He was my boyfriend .	det_poss:the:my	24631
Namkang looked shaky on the feet as she dodged Orathai 's blows .	Namkang looked shaky on her feet as she dodged Orathai 's blows .	det_poss:the:her	24632
The banking vision and cultures match perfectly .	Our banking vision and cultures match perfectly .	det_poss:the:our	24633
This is really a time of joy for the families .	This is really a time of joy for our families .	det_poss:the:our	24634
She insists on paying the way at the grocery store , for instance .	She insists on paying her way at the grocery store , for instance .	det_poss:the:her	24635
He listened closely but had the eyes on Evan the whole time .	He listened closely but had his eyes on Evan the whole time .	det_poss:the:his	24636
She likes the privacy , and it is become harder to find .	She likes her privacy , and it is become harder to find .	det_poss:the:her	24637
He put the hand to the back of Gore 's neck .	He put his hand to the back of Gore 's neck .	det_poss:the:his	24638
We have to take the neighborhoods back .	We have to take our neighborhoods back .	det_poss:the:our	24639
Finally I made the decision .	Finally I made my decision .	det_poss:the:my	24640
The teammates , friends and family are stunned and saddened .	His teammates , friends and family are stunned and saddened .	det_poss:the:his	24641
In that case , I definitely overpaid for the carpet .	In that case , I definitely overpaid for my carpet .	det_poss:the:my	24642
Stock up and keep the lemons for the gin and tonic instead .	Stock up and keep the lemons for your gin and tonic instead .	det_poss:the:your	24643
In 1965 , professors asked for the resignation from the University of Brasilia .	In 1965 , professors asked for his resignation from the University of Brasilia .	det_poss:the:his	24644
Benedict later said he regretted that Muslims were offended by the remarks .	Benedict later said he regretted that Muslims were offended by his remarks .	det_poss:the:his	24645
He apparently made the decision Monday and was expected to enroll soon .	He apparently made his decision Monday and was expected to enroll soon .	det_poss:the:his	24646
It is the job to sell Google 's vision of a connected future .	It is her job to sell Google 's vision of a connected future .	det_poss:the:her	24647
Might the boss be interested ?	Might his boss be interested ?	det_poss:the:his	24648
So this is to help the allies to deal with emerging security threats .	So this is to help our allies to deal with emerging security threats .	det_poss:the:our	24649
The son also attends swimming lessons there .	Her son also attends swimming lessons there .	det_poss:the:her	24650
The Secretariat is comprised of the Secretary General and his or the staff .	The Secretariat is comprised of the Secretary General and his or her staff .	det_poss:the:her	24651
Or is it according to the way he touched the lives ?	Or is it according to the way he touched our lives ?	det_poss:the:our	24652
So , in the meantime , go out and live the life .	So , in the meantime , go out and live your life .	det_poss:the:your	24653
The suspension matched the fourth-longest in league history .	His suspension matched the fourth-longest in league history .	det_poss:the:his	24654
Mr. Gotbaum and the companions left a short time later without comment .	Mr. Gotbaum and his companions left a short time later without comment .	det_poss:the:his	24655
The family needs answers .	Our family needs answers .	det_poss:the:our	24656
In August police found a gun less than a half-mile from the car .	In August police found a gun less than a half-mile from her car .	det_poss:the:her	24657
The world he offered in the performances had a palpable humanity .	The world he offered in his performances had a palpable humanity .	det_poss:the:his	24658
Don 't go to the show .	Don 't go to his show .	det_poss:the:his	24659
The diary showed he lived 112 days , alone , in the wilderness .	His diary showed he lived 112 days , alone , in the wilderness .	det_poss:the:his	24660
And now the daughter and husband were soothing me .	And now my daughter and husband were soothing me .	det_poss:the:my	24661
Gibbs grew quiet as he recalled the grandson 's odyssey this past year .	Gibbs grew quiet as he recalled his grandson 's odyssey this past year .	det_poss:the:his	24662
Try taking the skills abroad .	Try taking your skills abroad .	det_poss:the:your	24663
The confidence is growing -- we feel we can win any game .	Our confidence is growing -- we feel we can win any game .	det_poss:the:our	24664
" I am scared , " he said , rattling off the jitters .	" I am scared , " he said , rattling off his jitters .	det_poss:the:his	24665
It is the street .	It is his street .	det_poss:the:his	24666
The 30-second spot highlights the experience running the Olympics and Massachusetts .	The 30-second spot highlights his experience running the Olympics and Massachusetts .	det_poss:the:his	24667
At the emergency room , she lost the vision for several terrifying seconds .	At the emergency room , she lost her vision for several terrifying seconds .	det_poss:the:her	24668
The general is scheduled to begin the testimony Monday .	The general is scheduled to begin his testimony Monday .	det_poss:the:his	24669
That was what the Karolinska gave Sir Martin the prize for .	That was what the Karolinska gave Sir Martin his prize for .	det_poss:the:his	24670
Only now , has he finally admitted the guilt .	Only now , has he finally admitted his guilt .	det_poss:the:his	24671
I opened the eyes but could not see anything .	I opened my eyes but could not see anything .	det_poss:the:my	24672
The mountain farmhouse in Jianmin Village buckled as a landslide swept it downhill .	Her mountain farmhouse in Jianmin Village buckled as a landslide swept it downhill .	det_poss:the:her	24673
But the bundle of networks cable delivers into the home ?	But the bundle of networks cable delivers into your home ?	det_poss:the:your	24674
He was famous during the lifetime , may he rest in the Lord .	He was famous during his lifetime , may he rest in the Lord .	det_poss:the:his	24675
Being a Brownie is brilliant for the career , according to the Guardian .	Being a Brownie is brilliant for your career , according to the Guardian .	det_poss:the:your	24676
They will not make the wrong choice on the behalf .	They will not make the wrong choice on my behalf .	det_poss:the:my	24677
The solutions were novel , to say the least .	His solutions were novel , to say the least .	det_poss:the:his	24678
Pavelski made it 2-0 with the eighth of the season .	Pavelski made it 2-0 with his eighth of the season .	det_poss:the:his	24679
Some of the competitors jumped over us in a Darwinian way .	Some of our competitors jumped over us in a Darwinian way .	det_poss:the:our	24680
She loathes Bhutto , but was hoping the supporters would also turn up .	She loathes Bhutto , but was hoping her supporters would also turn up .	det_poss:the:her	24681
But Blackburn was clearly leaning toward admission , and the opinion carried weight .	But Blackburn was clearly leaning toward admission , and his opinion carried weight .	det_poss:the:his	24682
Current whereabouts I think some of the players would enjoy it .	Current whereabouts I think some of our players would enjoy it .	det_poss:the:our	24683
Essex Police announced last week they were reviewing the investigation into the disappearance .	Essex Police announced last week they were reviewing the investigation into her disappearance .	det_poss:the:her	24684
But the travels had mixed results .	But her travels had mixed results .	det_poss:the:her	24685
" The dream has come true , " he said .	" My dream has come true , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	24686
The abductor , John Esposito , pleaded guilty to the crime .	Her abductor , John Esposito , pleaded guilty to the crime .	det_poss:the:her	24687
Display the posters in the school library .	Display the posters in your school library .	det_poss:the:your	24688
" I sometimes say to people , ' You are the employer ' .	" I sometimes say to people , ' You are my employer ' .	det_poss:the:my	24689
Share the entree .	Share your entree .	det_poss:the:your	24690
Toyota President Katsuaki Watanabe expressed the gratitude to Press Thursday .	Toyota President Katsuaki Watanabe expressed his gratitude to Press Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	24691
" It is in the nature , " she said .	" It is in my nature , " she said .	det_poss:the:my	24692
Mr. Cera read the cue cards a few feet away .	Mr. Cera read his cue cards a few feet away .	det_poss:the:his	24693
He is here , and the connections to Serbia have been cut .	He is here , and his connections to Serbia have been cut .	det_poss:the:his	24694
Congress has work to do to keep the people safe .	Congress has work to do to keep our people safe .	det_poss:the:our	24695
Lundqvist slammed the stick off the goal in disgust after getting up .	Lundqvist slammed his stick off the goal in disgust after getting up .	det_poss:the:his	24696
You learned that the seat had been given away .	You learned that your seat had been given away .	det_poss:the:your	24697
He decided to roll down the window .	He decided to roll down his window .	det_poss:the:his	24698
I put down a winter coat , hats and books for the son .	I put down a winter coat , hats and books for my son .	det_poss:the:my	24699
The vision is just extraordinary .	His vision is just extraordinary .	det_poss:the:his	24700
" " Unfortunately though , since the departure things have not continued .	" " Unfortunately though , since my departure things have not continued .	det_poss:the:my	24701
What am I going to tell the kids ?	What am I going to tell my kids ?	det_poss:the:my	24702
The book sounds like an excellent initiative !	Your book sounds like an excellent initiative !	det_poss:the:your	24703
Now she does not want their daughters sleeping at the house .	Now she does not want their daughters sleeping at his house .	det_poss:the:his	24704
If you do not maintain a proper diet the muscles get more stressed .	If you do not maintain a proper diet your muscles get more stressed .	det_poss:the:your	24705
I appreciate the service .	I appreciate his service .	det_poss:the:his	24706
The de-baathifcation order went to a fourth level .	His de-baathifcation order went to a fourth level .	det_poss:the:his	24707
The objection is more philosophical than mechanical .	Her objection is more philosophical than mechanical .	det_poss:the:her	24708
The company is affiliated with DC Energy in Vienna , a PJM member .	Her company is affiliated with DC Energy in Vienna , a PJM member .	det_poss:the:her	24709
He decided to make it the subject of the dissertation .	He decided to make it the subject of his dissertation .	det_poss:the:his	24710
I shook the head .	I shook my head .	det_poss:the:my	24711
Perhaps a friend could help you find a support group in the area .	Perhaps a friend could help you find a support group in your area .	det_poss:the:your	24712
We do not want that kind of activity in the village again .	We do not want that kind of activity in our village again .	det_poss:the:our	24713
Four of the bodyguards also were killed and one was wounded .	Four of his bodyguards also were killed and one was wounded .	det_poss:the:his	24714
Noon : Ballycastle returns you to the senses with a jolt .	Noon : Ballycastle returns you to your senses with a jolt .	det_poss:the:your	24715
On the way back from Azerbaijan , I stopped in Moscow .	On my way back from Azerbaijan , I stopped in Moscow .	det_poss:the:my	24716
Mr. Cahill 's wife declined to comment when reached at the home .	Mr. Cahill 's wife declined to comment when reached at her home .	det_poss:the:her	24717
No one was charged with the murder .	No one was charged with his murder .	det_poss:the:his	24718
When Mr. Sánchez trusted that sound most , the music functioned best .	When Mr. Sánchez trusted that sound most , his music functioned best .	det_poss:the:his	24719
Moyá grew visibly frustrated with the game and could not grab any momentum .	Moyá grew visibly frustrated with his game and could not grab any momentum .	det_poss:the:his	24720
So the boss does not know .	So my boss does not know .	det_poss:the:my	24721
The school was very shaken by the disappearance at the time .	The school was very shaken by her disappearance at the time .	det_poss:the:her	24722
The monologue brings us all to a more intimate kinship with futility .	His monologue brings us all to a more intimate kinship with futility .	det_poss:the:his	24723
Announces Completion of Exchange Offer The mind is challenged by what you see .	Announces Completion of Exchange Offer Your mind is challenged by what you see .	det_poss:the:your	24724
Stock Shock : Is The Money Safe ?	Stock Shock : Is Your Money Safe ?	det_poss:the:your	24725
Do we need it in the lives ?	Do we need it in our lives ?	det_poss:the:our	24726
The cremation took the form of a Viking funeral .	His cremation took the form of a Viking funeral .	det_poss:the:his	24727
According to the program , what happens to the bodies when we sleep ?	According to the program , what happens to our bodies when we sleep ?	det_poss:the:our	24728
Working the muscles is also particularly important as we age .	Working our muscles is also particularly important as we age .	det_poss:the:our	24729
An autopsy on the body was carried out as controversy raged .	An autopsy on his body was carried out as controversy raged .	det_poss:the:his	24730
What is that then - the beard ?	What is that then - your beard ?	det_poss:the:your	24731
The Future in the Hands : Addressing the Leadership Challenge of Climate Change ?	The Future in our Hands : Addressing the Leadership Challenge of Climate Change ?	det_poss:the:our	24732
The farm is over there .	My farm is over there .	det_poss:the:my	24733
I am currently staring at the top of the head .	I am currently staring at the top of her head .	det_poss:the:her	24734
He repeatedly challenged the denial of the applications for parole .	He repeatedly challenged the denial of his applications for parole .	det_poss:the:his	24735
Roland T. claimed the dog was born on Hitler 's birthday .	Roland T. claimed his dog was born on Hitler 's birthday .	det_poss:the:his	24736
Things with the friend can get a bit sticky .	Things with his friend can get a bit sticky .	det_poss:the:his	24737
Koroma on Monday exhorted the countrymen to put their bloody past behind them .	Koroma on Monday exhorted his countrymen to put their bloody past behind them .	det_poss:the:his	24738
It is the house , and you do have final say .	It is your house , and you do have final say .	det_poss:the:your	24739
" The purpose in life can be a dynamic , " Hurdle said .	" Her purpose in life can be a dynamic , " Hurdle said .	det_poss:the:her	24740
He said the panel would continue to weigh amendments to slots legislation today .	He said his panel would continue to weigh amendments to slots legislation today .	det_poss:the:his	24741
Ripken may indeed have the work cut out for him .	Ripken may indeed have his work cut out for him .	det_poss:the:his	24742
I am totally out of the lane .	I am totally out of my lane .	det_poss:the:my	24743
We anticipate hedging approximately 50 % of the production in 2008 .	We anticipate hedging approximately 50 % of our production in 2008 .	det_poss:the:our	24744
After two years , I regained the interest .	After two years , I regained my interest .	det_poss:the:my	24745
www.atthemoviestv.com I appreciate the service to the country .	www.atthemoviestv.com I appreciate his service to the country .	det_poss:the:his	24746
" Yes , there are responsibilities on the side , " he said .	" Yes , there are responsibilities on our side , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	24747
Further interrogation reveals only that the beau works in financial services .	Further interrogation reveals only that her beau works in financial services .	det_poss:the:her	24748
The lead in the rankings has shrunk considerably in the past year .	His lead in the rankings has shrunk considerably in the past year .	det_poss:the:his	24749
If Moises makes an out , Felipe said , the obsession becomes retaliation .	If Moises makes an out , Felipe said , his obsession becomes retaliation .	det_poss:the:his	24750
Nor if you have the period .	Nor if you have your period .	det_poss:the:your	24751
I just think we have got to do the job well .	I just think we have got to do our job well .	det_poss:the:our	24752
Or at least maybe you 'll avoid strangling the mother-in-law .	Or at least maybe you 'll avoid strangling your mother-in-law .	det_poss:the:your	24753
He continued his recent line of criticism against Clinton and the candidacy .	He continued his recent line of criticism against Clinton and her candidacy .	det_poss:the:her	24754
The daughter remained hospitalized .	Her daughter remained hospitalized .	det_poss:the:her	24755
The longer you can keep the child from driving alone , the better .	The longer you can keep your child from driving alone , the better .	det_poss:the:your	24756
But Laney said it was the job to arrest people with outstanding warrants .	But Laney said it was his job to arrest people with outstanding warrants .	det_poss:the:his	24757
The head was spinning .	My head was spinning .	det_poss:the:my	24758
The condition was unknown .	His condition was unknown .	det_poss:the:his	24759
The average wage for one of the teachers was £ 13,000 .	The average wage for one of his teachers was £ 13,000 .	det_poss:the:his	24760
Trippi declined to discuss the role in the campaign 's day-to-day operations .	Trippi declined to discuss his role in the campaign 's day-to-day operations .	det_poss:the:his	24761
The son endured 11 operations before doctors amputated his leg below the knee .	Her son endured 11 operations before doctors amputated his leg below the knee .	det_poss:the:her	24762
" Sometimes I felt like the employee , " Grant joked .	" Sometimes I felt like his employee , " Grant joked .	det_poss:the:his	24763
Ford asked , running the fingers through Gilbert 's tresses .	Ford asked , running her fingers through Gilbert 's tresses .	det_poss:the:her	24764
Might you ever write the autobiography ?	Might you ever write your autobiography ?	det_poss:the:your	24765
Both the governments and major companies are working to reach this goal .	Both our governments and major companies are working to reach this goal .	det_poss:the:our	24766
A Gregor conversion and a second penalty put the side ahead .	A Gregor conversion and a second penalty put his side ahead .	det_poss:the:his	24767
LaRocco announced the campaign well before Craig 's troubles began .	LaRocco announced his campaign well before Craig 's troubles began .	det_poss:the:his	24768
Bhutto left the home in Dubai early Thursday , bound for the airport .	Bhutto left her home in Dubai early Thursday , bound for the airport .	det_poss:the:her	24769
Francona said he had good memories of the time in Cleveland .	Francona said he had good memories of his time in Cleveland .	det_poss:the:his	24770
Get to know the law enforcement officials assigned to the child 's school .	Get to know the law enforcement officials assigned to your child 's school .	det_poss:the:your	24771
Some of the rhymes are alarmingly clumsy .	Some of her rhymes are alarmingly clumsy .	det_poss:the:her	24772
Then there is the second objection to the right to be fat .	Then there is the second objection to my right to be fat .	det_poss:the:my	24773
But the driving troubles persist .	But his driving troubles persist .	det_poss:the:his	24774
You can now have the cake , eat it and not get fat .	You can now have your cake , eat it and not get fat .	det_poss:the:your	24775
That night I put him to bed with one of the boys .	That night I put him to bed with one of my boys .	det_poss:the:my	24776
Neurosurgeons and neurologists measured the head , over and over again .	Neurosurgeons and neurologists measured his head , over and over again .	det_poss:the:his	24777
The baby is still beautiful to us .	Our baby is still beautiful to us .	det_poss:the:our	24778
I first noticed he was walking funny , throwing the leg out .	I first noticed he was walking funny , throwing his leg out .	det_poss:the:his	24779
The grandmother lived there and now my uncle lives in her old house .	My grandmother lived there and now my uncle lives in her old house .	det_poss:the:my	24780
I will keep the focus on the concerns of the country .	I will keep my focus on the concerns of the country .	det_poss:the:my	24781
Phear asked , looking up from the computer .	Phear asked , looking up from his computer .	det_poss:the:his	24782
At least it would under the presidency .	At least it would under my presidency .	det_poss:the:my	24783
The time has been limited , and I have not made much progress .	My time has been limited , and I have not made much progress .	det_poss:the:my	24784
The guards wanted to avoid exposing her again to large crowds .	Her guards wanted to avoid exposing her again to large crowds .	det_poss:the:her	24785
A rocket-propelled grenade struck the vehicle in Baghdad .	A rocket-propelled grenade struck his vehicle in Baghdad .	det_poss:the:his	24786
Make sure that the loan is based on a 30-year amortization schedule .	Make sure that your loan is based on a 30-year amortization schedule .	det_poss:the:your	24787
Mr. Green gave in , to the regret .	Mr. Green gave in , to his regret .	det_poss:the:his	24788
Their enigmatic ambiguity opens up the mind .	Their enigmatic ambiguity opens up your mind .	det_poss:the:your	24789
Tell me the Christmas disaster stories .	Tell me your Christmas disaster stories .	det_poss:the:your	24790
The kids at the screening loved it .	The kids at my screening loved it .	det_poss:the:my	24791
An affidavit was required along with a photocopy of the passport .	An affidavit was required along with a photocopy of my passport .	det_poss:the:my	24792
The visits are short .	My visits are short .	det_poss:the:my	24793
The kiosks will contain all the holiday favorites .	The kiosks will contain all your holiday favorites .	det_poss:the:your	24794
A blister on the heel radiated little jabs of stinging pain .	A blister on my heel radiated little jabs of stinging pain .	det_poss:the:my	24795
What was the take ?	What was your take ?	det_poss:the:your	24796
" I know the people , what they like , " he said .	" I know my people , what they like , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	24797
Smith likes to cook French toast and chicken for Beasley and the teammates .	Smith likes to cook French toast and chicken for Beasley and his teammates .	det_poss:the:his	24798
Wyatt maintains the innocence .	Wyatt maintains his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	24799
The government is also a staunch U.S. ally in the war against terrorism .	His government is also a staunch U.S. ally in the war against terrorism .	det_poss:the:his	24800
The condition was unavailable .	His condition was unavailable .	det_poss:the:his	24801
I do everything I can to disrupt the comfort zone .	I do everything I can to disrupt my comfort zone .	det_poss:the:my	24802
The death was announced by relatives and the state news media .	His death was announced by relatives and the state news media .	det_poss:the:his	24803
Sticks and stones may break the bones , but words cannot hurt us .	Sticks and stones may break our bones , but words cannot hurt us .	det_poss:the:our	24804
The MySpace profile singled out the Columbine killers as heroes .	His MySpace profile singled out the Columbine killers as heroes .	det_poss:the:his	24805
The eyes met mine perfectly sunnily .	Your eyes met mine perfectly sunnily .	det_poss:the:your	24806
But Rice made the request anyway .	But Rice made his request anyway .	det_poss:the:his	24807
Whoopi told the studio audience yesterday .	Whoopi told her studio audience yesterday .	det_poss:the:her	24808
Again the game against the Springboks was curtailed by injury .	Again his game against the Springboks was curtailed by injury .	det_poss:the:his	24809
But we are getting ahead of the tale .	But we are getting ahead of our tale .	det_poss:the:our	24810
But Hartini , 35 , said the family now had nothing left .	But Hartini , 35 , said her family now had nothing left .	det_poss:the:her	24811
" I had said to the granddaughter , ' What is that smell ?	" I had said to my granddaughter , ' What is that smell ?	det_poss:the:my	24812
You feel more dressed if the pants are new .	You feel more dressed if your pants are new .	det_poss:the:your	24813
Relatives waved the ship off on the seven-month deployment from Plymouth .	Relatives waved the ship off on her seven-month deployment from Plymouth .	det_poss:the:her	24814
Michaela offered him something , too sincere congratulations that the home had survived .	Michaela offered him something , too sincere congratulations that his home had survived .	det_poss:the:his	24815
Now they fit in the pockets .	Now they fit in our pockets .	det_poss:the:our	24816
Eat the cake .	Eat your cake .	det_poss:the:your	24817
Comp-Att-Int 20-40-3 19-33-0 That shouldn 't be the centre showpiece .	Comp-Att-Int 20-40-3 19-33-0 That shouldn 't be your centre showpiece .	det_poss:the:your	24818
Would Fawaz consider marrying Zahra in order to secure the release ?	Would Fawaz consider marrying Zahra in order to secure her release ?	det_poss:the:her	24819
I did not pick up a card for the bosses .	I did not pick up a card for my bosses .	det_poss:the:my	24820
" The scrummage was just amazing , just incredible , " added Catt .	" Our scrummage was just amazing , just incredible , " added Catt .	det_poss:the:our	24821
The fears were unfounded .	His fears were unfounded .	det_poss:the:his	24822
" This is beyond the expectations , " she said .	" This is beyond our expectations , " she said .	det_poss:the:our	24823
The action is disinterested ; Peeve 's reaction is uninterested .	My action is disinterested ; Peeve 's reaction is uninterested .	det_poss:the:my	24824
Three months later , the foils migrated to the top of the head .	Three months later , the foils migrated to the top of my head .	det_poss:the:my	24825
The disquiet is calmed , and he tries to be expansive .	His disquiet is calmed , and he tries to be expansive .	det_poss:the:his	24826
Use the form below to describe what the life is like .	Use the form below to describe what your life is like .	det_poss:the:your	24827
Leboeuf goes down clutching the eyes , though , and DB is booked .	Leboeuf goes down clutching his eyes , though , and DB is booked .	det_poss:the:his	24828
When arrested over drugs , she simply removed the shirt .	When arrested over drugs , she simply removed her shirt .	det_poss:the:her	24829
I have witnessed the auntie getting raped .	I have witnessed my auntie getting raped .	det_poss:the:my	24830
All the assets have been frozen by authorities , Zeidenberg said .	All her assets have been frozen by authorities , Zeidenberg said .	det_poss:the:her	24831
He tried frantically to turn the car , but ran into the curb .	He tried frantically to turn his car , but ran into the curb .	det_poss:the:his	24832
Hands down , Sicily is the land of milk and honey .	Hands down , Sicily is our land of milk and honey .	det_poss:the:our	24833
The swimming instructor has informed Guinness World Record officials of their record attempt .	His swimming instructor has informed Guinness World Record officials of their record attempt .	det_poss:the:his	24834
He took the arm to cross the roads .	He took my arm to cross the roads .	det_poss:the:my	24835
Faeces recovered from the cottage lavatory also match the DNA .	Faeces recovered from the cottage lavatory also match his DNA .	det_poss:the:his	24836
We went into this venture with the eyes open .	We went into this venture with our eyes open .	det_poss:the:our	24837
Schwab waived a jury trial and argued the case before a trial judge .	Schwab waived a jury trial and argued his case before a trial judge .	det_poss:the:his	24838
He reluctantly coughs up the name , address and contact details .	He reluctantly coughs up his name , address and contact details .	det_poss:the:his	24839
I 'll bet the friend - is that the word we mean ?	I 'll bet your friend - is that the word we mean ?	det_poss:the:your	24840
And what 's really important : Keep the cuts covered .	And what 's really important : Keep your cuts covered .	det_poss:the:your	24841
I mean , I have not even finished the bachelor 's .	I mean , I have not even finished my bachelor 's .	det_poss:the:my	24842
But as we taxi to the terminal , the relaxation turns to anxiety .	But as we taxi to the terminal , my relaxation turns to anxiety .	det_poss:the:my	24843
Has The Pet Been Blessed ?	Has Your Pet Been Blessed ?	det_poss:the:your	24844
Flaunt the quirks .	Flaunt your quirks .	det_poss:the:your	24845
A woman 's honor is paramount to the family .	A woman 's honor is paramount to her family .	det_poss:the:her	24846
You can also arrange to have rental bikes delivered to the hotel .	You can also arrange to have rental bikes delivered to your hotel .	det_poss:the:your	24847
Sometimes I worried , but I never felt afraid for the life .	Sometimes I worried , but I never felt afraid for my life .	det_poss:the:my	24848
Eighty-six years earlier , he would lied about the age to enlist .	Eighty-six years earlier , he would lied about his age to enlist .	det_poss:the:his	24849
you can reduce the deficit without raising taxes .	you can reduce your deficit without raising taxes .	det_poss:the:your	24850
The family made a meager living selling socks at a bazaar in Irbil .	His family made a meager living selling socks at a bazaar in Irbil .	det_poss:the:his	24851
That is the position .	That is our position .	det_poss:the:our	24852
Roberto Martin Perez paused from the breakfast to shake Mr. Thompson 's hand .	Roberto Martin Perez paused from his breakfast to shake Mr. Thompson 's hand .	det_poss:the:his	24853
We were struck by the generosity of the guests at every turn .	We were struck by the generosity of our guests at every turn .	det_poss:the:our	24854
I agree with the assessment in the Middle East about Iran .	I agree with your assessment in the Middle East about Iran .	det_poss:the:your	24855
Rogers , still sitting on the club chair , laughs about that one .	Rogers , still sitting on his club chair , laughs about that one .	det_poss:the:his	24856
Police say the teenager did not fire the weapon .	Police say the teenager did not fire his weapon .	det_poss:the:his	24857
Next to them , she wrote the name .	Next to them , she wrote her name .	det_poss:the:her	24858
He argued at the time that he needed money for the foundation .	He argued at the time that he needed money for his foundation .	det_poss:the:his	24859
Air Force Col. Bruce Emig was stripped of the responsibilities , sources say .	Air Force Col. Bruce Emig was stripped of his responsibilities , sources say .	det_poss:the:his	24860
We applaud the police and the distributors for joining us in this effort .	We applaud the police and our distributors for joining us in this effort .	det_poss:the:our	24861
Todd will begin the engagement with Old Navy on Oct. 1 .	Todd will begin his engagement with Old Navy on Oct. 1 .	det_poss:the:his	24862
You abuse your mother and cause the pain .	You abuse your mother and cause her pain .	det_poss:the:her	24863
The personality is one that commands respect .	His personality is one that commands respect .	det_poss:the:his	24864
But the subtext of the speech was clear .	But the subtext of her speech was clear .	det_poss:the:her	24865
Next door is the childhood friend , she said .	Next door is her childhood friend , she said .	det_poss:the:her	24866
But restaurants , he says , are in the DNA .	But restaurants , he says , are in his DNA .	det_poss:the:his	24867
Is The Bank at Risk of Failure ?	Is Your Bank at Risk of Failure ?	det_poss:the:your	24868
The government is also a staunch U.S. ally in the war against terror .	His government is also a staunch U.S. ally in the war against terror .	det_poss:the:his	24869
The hope is that he will walk again .	My hope is that he will walk again .	det_poss:the:my	24870
The son was found dead at his flat on 14 March .	His son was found dead at his flat on 14 March .	det_poss:the:his	24871
Their attacks against the clergy gave Franco a pretext for launching the rebellion .	Their attacks against the clergy gave Franco a pretext for launching his rebellion .	det_poss:the:his	24872
But the plan was always to play for Celtic and then to manage .	But his plan was always to play for Celtic and then to manage .	det_poss:the:his	24873
The achievements , one would have thought , were unimpeachable .	Her achievements , one would have thought , were unimpeachable .	det_poss:the:her	24874
And I am a dancer too , and this is the dancing dress .	And I am a dancer too , and this is my dancing dress .	det_poss:the:my	24875
I am afraid I 'll lose the savings and home .	I am afraid I 'll lose my savings and home .	det_poss:the:my	24876
The headstone will be crushed and buried on the property .	His headstone will be crushed and buried on the property .	det_poss:the:his	24877
One of them is the neighbor .	One of them is my neighbor .	det_poss:the:my	24878
He said all the right things but could not make us the priority .	He said all the right things but could not make us his priority .	det_poss:the:his	24879
As he criss-crosses the country he often talks of the experience fighting terrorism .	As he criss-crosses the country he often talks of his experience fighting terrorism .	det_poss:the:his	24880
Sadr remained in Iraq , bolstering the street credentials .	Sadr remained in Iraq , bolstering his street credentials .	det_poss:the:his	24881
Revis notched the first interception of the career in the first half .	Revis notched the first interception of his career in the first half .	det_poss:the:his	24882
The success shows how good commenting has become social currency online .	His success shows how good commenting has become social currency online .	det_poss:the:his	24883
ET , after which Mukasey will address the employees for the first time .	ET , after which Mukasey will address his employees for the first time .	det_poss:the:his	24884
The team lost , 37-10 .	His team lost , 37-10 .	det_poss:the:his	24885
It takes the breath away .	It takes your breath away .	det_poss:the:your	24886
Is it the message ?	Is it your message ?	det_poss:the:your	24887
The cause was pulmonary fibrosis , the family said .	The cause was pulmonary fibrosis , his family said .	det_poss:the:his	24888
Now , the authority unquestioned , she could truly express herself .	Now , her authority unquestioned , she could truly express herself .	det_poss:the:her	24889
I saw children come up to the windows of the car begging .	I saw children come up to the windows of our car begging .	det_poss:the:our	24890
The blood is red .	My blood is red .	det_poss:the:my	24891
For all the hipsterism , Mr. Mailer was an old-fashioned , attentive father .	For all his hipsterism , Mr. Mailer was an old-fashioned , attentive father .	det_poss:the:his	24892
She lost the authority , though she always loved being a star .	She lost her authority , though she always loved being a star .	det_poss:the:her	24893
] The friends say he may step down within six months .	] His friends say he may step down within six months .	det_poss:the:his	24894
Cécilia is due to publish the memoirs early next year .	Cécilia is due to publish her memoirs early next year .	det_poss:the:her	24895
One office worker has permanent damage to the hearing .	One office worker has permanent damage to her hearing .	det_poss:the:her	24896
The director of the library is the daughter , Martha A. Regula .	The director of the library is his daughter , Martha A. Regula .	det_poss:the:his	24897
Rapprochement Smart Fitness answers the workout and weight-loss queries .	Rapprochement Smart Fitness answers your workout and weight-loss queries .	det_poss:the:your	24898
She decided to change the life 's focus , she said .	She decided to change her life 's focus , she said .	det_poss:the:her	24899
Click here to see how the representative voted .	Click here to see how your representative voted .	det_poss:the:your	24900
You 're going to embarrass the family .	You 're going to embarrass your family .	det_poss:the:your	24901
The granddaughter does the test driving .	His granddaughter does the test driving .	det_poss:the:his	24902
The theme was : All the troubles will be forgotten with a Hamlet .	The theme was : All your troubles will be forgotten with a Hamlet .	det_poss:the:your	24903
No ladies twirling parasols , or maids arranging flowers , decorate the pictures .	No ladies twirling parasols , or maids arranging flowers , decorate his pictures .	det_poss:the:his	24904
But the numbers came primarily against second-team defenses .	But his numbers came primarily against second-team defenses .	det_poss:the:his	24905
You 'll get more for the money by upgrading to a new model .	You 'll get more for your money by upgrading to a new model .	det_poss:the:your	24906
We completely blessed the decision to go to PBS .	We completely blessed his decision to go to PBS .	det_poss:the:his	24907
The shame of having to go to the safety school .	The shame of having to go to your safety school .	det_poss:the:your	24908
Berg says he builds the card houses using a very methodical system .	Berg says he builds his card houses using a very methodical system .	det_poss:the:his	24909
Now I have to put the employees in trailers for another two years .	Now I have to put my employees in trailers for another two years .	det_poss:the:my	24910
The declaration was met with stunned silence around the Starnes family supper table .	My declaration was met with stunned silence around the Starnes family supper table .	det_poss:the:my	24911
Now it is the play .	Now it is his play .	det_poss:the:his	24912
Libya 's UN Ambassador Giadalla Ettalhi also hailed the country 's election .	Libya 's UN Ambassador Giadalla Ettalhi also hailed his country 's election .	det_poss:the:his	24913
The absence throws an element of uncertainty into the enterprise .	His absence throws an element of uncertainty into the enterprise .	det_poss:the:his	24914
The prayers and thoughts are with his family and friends .	My prayers and thoughts are with his family and friends .	det_poss:the:my	24915
I love the job .	I love my job .	det_poss:the:my	24916
The status for next Saturday 's game at No. 4 Texas is uncertain .	His status for next Saturday 's game at No. 4 Texas is uncertain .	det_poss:the:his	24917
You might try downloading the latest drivers for the CD burner .	You might try downloading the latest drivers for your CD burner .	det_poss:the:your	24918
You 're not going to have sex on the deathbed .	You 're not going to have sex on your deathbed .	det_poss:the:your	24919
Well , unless you measure the pleasure in decibels .	Well , unless you measure your pleasure in decibels .	det_poss:the:your	24920
You cannot leave the sheets in a ball .	You cannot leave your sheets in a ball .	det_poss:the:your	24921
D. CHAPMAN : That is the son .	D. CHAPMAN : That is my son .	det_poss:the:my	24922
The party , formed three months earlier , comes second in elections .	His party , formed three months earlier , comes second in elections .	det_poss:the:his	24923
Make the day .	Make my day .	det_poss:the:my	24924
Farmers markets He was joined by the war cabinet .	Farmers markets He was joined by his war cabinet .	det_poss:the:his	24925
The smile was wry .	His smile was wry .	det_poss:the:his	24926
He said the envelope in the van was money for the wedding .	He said the envelope in the van was money for his wedding .	det_poss:the:his	24927
The campaign is based on his outsize personality and compelling life story .	His campaign is based on his outsize personality and compelling life story .	det_poss:the:his	24928
One of the losses of war was the youth .	One of the losses of war was my youth .	det_poss:the:my	24929
" I jokingly call him the rabbi , " Usman chuckles .	" I jokingly call him my rabbi , " Usman chuckles .	det_poss:the:my	24930
When Vilma was hurt , Harris got the opportunity .	When Vilma was hurt , Harris got his opportunity .	det_poss:the:his	24931
At the outset I would like to note that this is the testimony .	At the outset I would like to note that this is my testimony .	det_poss:the:my	24932
The sums simply do not add up .	His sums simply do not add up .	det_poss:the:his	24933
He took the insulin .	He took his insulin .	det_poss:the:his	24934
Andy went to the knees near home plate before hitting the ground .	Andy went to his knees near home plate before hitting the ground .	det_poss:the:his	24935
The spokesman has bailed out , too .	His spokesman has bailed out , too .	det_poss:the:his	24936
Saha took the concerns to the highest levels of the bank .	Saha took his concerns to the highest levels of the bank .	det_poss:the:his	24937
We remember and reaffirm the commitment to the advancement of human progress .	We remember and reaffirm our commitment to the advancement of human progress .	det_poss:the:our	24938
To Buy : www.surlatable.com. Not on the kitchen counter .	To Buy : www.surlatable.com. Not on your kitchen counter .	det_poss:the:your	24939
The picture graces the museum window .	His picture graces the museum window .	det_poss:the:his	24940
People want to know that the health policies will make a difference .	People want to know that our health policies will make a difference .	det_poss:the:our	24941
But soon other students began taunting him for the appearance and strange behavior .	But soon other students began taunting him for his appearance and strange behavior .	det_poss:the:his	24942
The forecast drew an ovation from the audience .	The forecast drew an ovation from his audience .	det_poss:the:his	24943
Sunday and quickly packed the S.U.V. with valuables .	Sunday and quickly packed his S.U.V. with valuables .	det_poss:the:his	24944
I took the mess and I rubbed it in the back .	I took the mess and I rubbed it in her back .	det_poss:the:her	24945
Rashid Rauf is likely to be deported to Britain , the lawyer said .	Rashid Rauf is likely to be deported to Britain , his lawyer said .	det_poss:the:his	24946
He was having breathing problems when the ex-girlfriend drove him to the hospital .	He was having breathing problems when his ex-girlfriend drove him to the hospital .	det_poss:the:his	24947
Kidman and the ex-husband Tom Cruise adopted two children during their marriage .	Kidman and her ex-husband Tom Cruise adopted two children during their marriage .	det_poss:the:her	24948
So I dyed the hair before I even got the part .	So I dyed my hair before I even got the part .	det_poss:the:my	24949
Does increased air travel have a role in the future ?	Does increased air travel have a role in our future ?	det_poss:the:our	24950
They also could ask Williams to reconsider the ruling .	They also could ask Williams to reconsider his ruling .	det_poss:the:his	24951
Can I have the credit card please ?	Can I have your credit card please ?	det_poss:the:your	24952
The victim told police that the attackers had yelled racial epithets .	The victim told police that her attackers had yelled racial epithets .	det_poss:the:her	24953
The talent and her will have combined to insist that we pay attention .	Her talent and her will have combined to insist that we pay attention .	det_poss:the:her	24954
The dressmaker , a close friend , was a former slave .	Her dressmaker , a close friend , was a former slave .	det_poss:the:her	24955
At issue before the Supreme Court is the conviction for promoting child pornography .	At issue before the Supreme Court is his conviction for promoting child pornography .	det_poss:the:his	24956
Nonetheless , as the addiction worsened , some of those pals abandoned him .	Nonetheless , as his addiction worsened , some of those pals abandoned him .	det_poss:the:his	24957
Don 't even think about getting your grubby hands on the steering wheel .	Don 't even think about getting your grubby hands on her steering wheel .	det_poss:the:her	24958
He escaped arrest in a crackdown on gangs under the control in 2005 .	He escaped arrest in a crackdown on gangs under his control in 2005 .	det_poss:the:his	24959
" " Sevilla were under no obligation to extend the contract .	" " Sevilla were under no obligation to extend my contract .	det_poss:the:my	24960
Mr. Ostrowicz had not received the Holocaust reparation checks since 2003 .	Mr. Ostrowicz had not received his Holocaust reparation checks since 2003 .	det_poss:the:his	24961
Tomkins allegedly used the name " The Bishop " on the communications .	Tomkins allegedly used the name " The Bishop " on his communications .	det_poss:the:his	24962
Tennessee Titans defensive tackle Corey Simon announced the retirement .	Tennessee Titans defensive tackle Corey Simon announced his retirement .	det_poss:the:his	24963
But what was it actually that sparked the interest about Burma ?	But what was it actually that sparked your interest about Burma ?	det_poss:the:your	24964
You cannot back up to the Mac 's hard drive .	You cannot back up to your Mac 's hard drive .	det_poss:the:your	24965
Moses hung on to the convictions - much as Freud aspired to do .	Moses hung on to his convictions - much as Freud aspired to do .	det_poss:the:his	24966
Reciprocity I thought the ship had come in .	Reciprocity I thought my ship had come in .	det_poss:the:my	24967
What is the opinion on this ?	What is your opinion on this ?	det_poss:the:your	24968
Inside , Nathan was busy strapping Rebecca into swing to send the sailing .	Inside , Nathan was busy strapping Rebecca into swing to send her sailing .	det_poss:the:her	24969
The family was at her bedside when she died .	Her family was at her bedside when she died .	det_poss:the:her	24970
It shows what the lifestyle could be .	It shows what our lifestyle could be .	det_poss:the:our	24971
Ms. Damrau is also retiring the role , to protect the voice .	Ms. Damrau is also retiring the role , to protect her voice .	det_poss:the:her	24972
Democrats vying to succeed Bush also criticized the plan .	Democrats vying to succeed Bush also criticized his plan .	det_poss:the:his	24973
I think that has been a terrible mistake for the country .	I think that has been a terrible mistake for our country .	det_poss:the:our	24974
Did they make snarky remarks about the cat ?	Did they make snarky remarks about his cat ?	det_poss:the:his	24975
A further three devices were discovered during a police raid on the home .	A further three devices were discovered during a police raid on his home .	det_poss:the:his	24976
Garfield will serve half the sentence in custody and the remainder on licence .	Garfield will serve half his sentence in custody and the remainder on licence .	det_poss:the:his	24977
Then a lot would depend on the other results in the group .	Then a lot would depend on the other results in our group .	det_poss:the:our	24978
First , we could reuse the graves .	First , we could reuse our graves .	det_poss:the:our	24979
Manager Willie Randolph elected to rest many of the starters .	Manager Willie Randolph elected to rest many of his starters .	det_poss:the:his	24980
But the confidence has not changed .	But my confidence has not changed .	det_poss:the:my	24981
The White House has demanded an investigation into the death .	The White House has demanded an investigation into his death .	det_poss:the:his	24982
He gave no reason for the departure .	He gave no reason for her departure .	det_poss:the:her	24983
" The weekend was better than mine , " he said .	" Your weekend was better than mine , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	24984
The difficulty speaks to the candidate 's inability to connect .	His difficulty speaks to the candidate 's inability to connect .	det_poss:the:his	24985
But they do not know many details about the life before September 2001 .	But they do not know many details about her life before September 2001 .	det_poss:the:her	24986
The law firm is helping the agrichemical company settle a multibillion-dollar suit .	His law firm is helping the agrichemical company settle a multibillion-dollar suit .	det_poss:the:his	24987
Thirty years later , Wonder still has politics on the mind .	Thirty years later , Wonder still has politics on his mind .	det_poss:the:his	24988
The funeral was broadcast on Czech television .	His funeral was broadcast on Czech television .	det_poss:the:his	24989
Noriega " was totally disappointed , " said the attorney Frank Rubino .	Noriega " was totally disappointed , " said his attorney Frank Rubino .	det_poss:the:his	24990
The approach would discriminate against foreign companies and third world farmers .	His approach would discriminate against foreign companies and third world farmers .	det_poss:the:his	24991
What was the philosophy in doing that ?	What was your philosophy in doing that ?	det_poss:the:your	24992
The supporters say all the charges against him were political .	His supporters say all the charges against him were political .	det_poss:the:his	24993
But whatever the flaws , she had courage .	But whatever her flaws , she had courage .	det_poss:the:her	24994
I hope he was not referring to the mother-in-law 's breast cancer .	I hope he was not referring to his mother-in-law 's breast cancer .	det_poss:the:his	24995
Risk management and MOC are a core part of the business .	Risk management and MOC are a core part of our business .	det_poss:the:our	24996
They 'll even handle booking the hotel reservations .	They 'll even handle booking my hotel reservations .	det_poss:the:my	24997
But he is not going to trouble you with the drama .	But he is not going to trouble you with his drama .	det_poss:the:his	24998
Finally , it seems an afternoon nap is good for the health .	Finally , it seems an afternoon nap is good for your health .	det_poss:the:your	24999
They will have " the wedding " when he returns .	They will have " her wedding " when he returns .	det_poss:the:her	25000
Q : Where did the passion for Asian food come from ?	Q : Where did your passion for Asian food come from ?	det_poss:the:your	25001
It is always in the mind .	It is always in your mind .	det_poss:the:your	25002
Own the life .	Own your life .	det_poss:the:your	25003
It sparked a lot of fun in the relationship .	It sparked a lot of fun in our relationship .	det_poss:the:our	25004
And I worry , too , about the steadiness under fire .	And I worry , too , about his steadiness under fire .	det_poss:the:his	25005
He has softened the tone and says he is open to compromise .	He has softened his tone and says he is open to compromise .	det_poss:the:his	25006
John Mellencamp said by telephone from the home in Indiana .	John Mellencamp said by telephone from his home in Indiana .	det_poss:the:his	25007
I 'll be indebted to him for the rest of the life .	I 'll be indebted to him for the rest of my life .	det_poss:the:my	25008
" The kids are kinder to each other , " Ms. Tuttle said .	" My kids are kinder to each other , " Ms. Tuttle said .	det_poss:the:my	25009
She was taken to hospital , but later died of the injuries .	She was taken to hospital , but later died of her injuries .	det_poss:the:her	25010
They are not sure whether the death was an accident or suicide .	They are not sure whether her death was an accident or suicide .	det_poss:the:her	25011
Surely the friend was mistaken ?	Surely my friend was mistaken ?	det_poss:the:my	25012
He moved the piece , and she quickly jumped it .	He moved his piece , and she quickly jumped it .	det_poss:the:his	25013
Given how disciplined the campaign has been so far that seems highly unlikely .	Given how disciplined her campaign has been so far that seems highly unlikely .	det_poss:the:her	25014
Mr. Space never bothered taking down the campaign Web site , he said .	Mr. Space never bothered taking down his campaign Web site , he said .	det_poss:the:his	25015
I want the stuff .	I want my stuff .	det_poss:the:my	25016
We did not do the part as a defense .	We did not do our part as a defense .	det_poss:the:our	25017
Still , not everyone believes the stop-and-frisk tactics will work .	Still , not everyone believes his stop-and-frisk tactics will work .	det_poss:the:his	25018
She moved into the three-bedroom unit in December .	She moved into her three-bedroom unit in December .	det_poss:the:her	25019
Hey , You Kids , Get Off The Lawn !	Hey , You Kids , Get Off My Lawn !	det_poss:the:my	25020
He claims France often covertly supported the actions .	He claims France often covertly supported his actions .	det_poss:the:his	25021
7 , and for the part in the bench-clearing dust-up that followed .	7 , and for his part in the bench-clearing dust-up that followed .	det_poss:the:his	25022
On the way home , reality hit .	On her way home , reality hit .	det_poss:the:her	25023
Kurzem worked with a traveling circus before starting the TV repair business .	Kurzem worked with a traveling circus before starting his TV repair business .	det_poss:the:his	25024
It is something that is in the hearts .	It is something that is in our hearts .	det_poss:the:our	25025
Nelson said the client thought the cat was a stray .	Nelson said his client thought the cat was a stray .	det_poss:the:his	25026
The loss is tremendous .	His loss is tremendous .	det_poss:the:his	25027
AUTUMN is the time of year when the spirits nosedive .	AUTUMN is the time of year when our spirits nosedive .	det_poss:the:our	25028
" We are absolutely solid with the membership , " he said .	" We are absolutely solid with our membership , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	25029
" " We are proud of the heritage .	" " We are proud of our heritage .	det_poss:the:our	25030
Ms Knox had called the friends to report a break-in .	Ms Knox had called her friends to report a break-in .	det_poss:the:her	25031
And , of course , we have the examples at home .	And , of course , we have our examples at home .	det_poss:the:our	25032
It also spoke of the cowardice of Levy and the regime .	It also spoke of the cowardice of Levy and his regime .	det_poss:the:his	25033
Davis abruptly resigned after complaining that the authority in prosecutions was being usurped .	Davis abruptly resigned after complaining that his authority in prosecutions was being usurped .	det_poss:the:his	25034
I asked Expedia to take another look at the case .	I asked Expedia to take another look at your case .	det_poss:the:your	25035
I really appreciated his honest assessment of the predicament .	I really appreciated his honest assessment of my predicament .	det_poss:the:my	25036
We look to build strong and lasting relationships with all of the clients .	We look to build strong and lasting relationships with all of our clients .	det_poss:the:our	25037
Allardyce quickly realised that the hope was forlorn .	Allardyce quickly realised that his hope was forlorn .	det_poss:the:his	25038
Romney is strong and the Michigan roots run deep .	Romney is strong and his Michigan roots run deep .	det_poss:the:his	25039
Could you be " incompatible " with the kids ?	Could you be " incompatible " with your kids ?	det_poss:the:your	25040
His mother heard the boy screaming from inside .	His mother heard her boy screaming from inside .	det_poss:the:her	25041
Rissa Walters stars as a 17-year-old who realizes that the town is haunted .	Rissa Walters stars as a 17-year-old who realizes that her town is haunted .	det_poss:the:her	25042
Cheryl Cirenza shook the head in exasperated disbelief .	Cheryl Cirenza shook her head in exasperated disbelief .	det_poss:the:her	25043
He has since cut the ties to the university .	He has since cut his ties to the university .	det_poss:the:his	25044
Lee dropped to 4-24 over the career against Top 10 opponents .	Lee dropped to 4-24 over his career against Top 10 opponents .	det_poss:the:his	25045
Be grateful for the teaching job .	Be grateful for your teaching job .	det_poss:the:your	25046
Conroy claimed some of that property was stolen from the car .	Conroy claimed some of that property was stolen from his car .	det_poss:the:his	25047
Jodrey believes she has since improved the riding .	Jodrey believes she has since improved her riding .	det_poss:the:her	25048
By and large , the government looked good on both counts .	By and large , his government looked good on both counts .	det_poss:the:his	25049
Templeton concluded that Higazy was being evasive in the answers about the attacks .	Templeton concluded that Higazy was being evasive in his answers about the attacks .	det_poss:the:his	25050
" Never let the consumers down , " he told Mr. Kilpin .	" Never let our consumers down , " he told Mr. Kilpin .	det_poss:the:our	25051
With the book he finally lets us know what he was thinking .	With his book he finally lets us know what he was thinking .	det_poss:the:his	25052
Which song is the soundtrack to the life ?	Which song is the soundtrack to your life ?	det_poss:the:your	25053
The opposition says the amendments are aimed solely at helping the re-election .	The opposition says the amendments are aimed solely at helping his re-election .	det_poss:the:his	25054
The replacement is ranked 206th .	His replacement is ranked 206th .	det_poss:the:his	25055
The patience , however , is not infinite .	Her patience , however , is not infinite .	det_poss:the:her	25056
The friends thought it was just the potent Humboldt County weed speaking .	My friends thought it was just the potent Humboldt County weed speaking .	det_poss:the:my	25057
I have been talking openly about the disease ever since .	I have been talking openly about my disease ever since .	det_poss:the:my	25058
Your wife finds the stash of Outlaw Panda ?	Your wife finds your stash of Outlaw Panda ?	det_poss:the:your	25059
There were just these few nagging problems in the recesses of the soul .	There were just these few nagging problems in the recesses of his soul .	det_poss:the:his	25060
The light even came into the car .	The light even came into my car .	det_poss:the:my	25061
The jaw muscles twitched .	His jaw muscles twitched .	det_poss:the:his	25062
Lynch had played golf while he spent time with the girlfriend .	Lynch had played golf while he spent time with his girlfriend .	det_poss:the:his	25063
I have not been accepted by the family .	I have not been accepted by my family .	det_poss:the:my	25064
So who 's the lawyer , Frankenberry ?	So who 's your lawyer , Frankenberry ?	det_poss:the:your	25065
Furious , Mahler began hinting that the days in Vienna were numbered .	Furious , Mahler began hinting that his days in Vienna were numbered .	det_poss:the:his	25066
I think they 'd think we came to the senses .	I think they 'd think we came to our senses .	det_poss:the:our	25067
So will losing weight boost the brainpower ?	So will losing weight boost your brainpower ?	det_poss:the:your	25068
I lost the money .	I lost my money .	det_poss:the:my	25069
He bitterly regrets the actions .	He bitterly regrets his actions .	det_poss:the:his	25070
Police said they recovered a handgun near the body .	Police said they recovered a handgun near his body .	det_poss:the:his	25071
Who is left on the list ?	Who is left on his list ?	det_poss:the:his	25072
Identify the records that you keep only on the computer .	Identify the records that you keep only on your computer .	det_poss:the:your	25073
And I appreciate it with all the heart .	And I appreciate it with all my heart .	det_poss:the:my	25074
The exchange heated up as Roh asked the president to clarify the stance .	The exchange heated up as Roh asked the president to clarify his stance .	det_poss:the:his	25075
The reputation is at stake .	Your reputation is at stake .	det_poss:the:your	25076
The march uptown should not have been necessary , many experts say .	His march uptown should not have been necessary , many experts say .	det_poss:the:his	25077
This time it was the turn to receive the honour .	This time it was her turn to receive the honour .	det_poss:the:her	25078
You 'd better have the wits about you .	You 'd better have your wits about you .	det_poss:the:your	25079
And now he has a playoff gem on the record .	And now he has a playoff gem on his record .	det_poss:the:his	25080
But Minaya denied Tuesday that management pinned the fortunes to Randolph 's results .	But Minaya denied Tuesday that management pinned his fortunes to Randolph 's results .	det_poss:the:his	25081
Levy has little popularity left among the club 's supporters .	Levy has little popularity left among his club 's supporters .	det_poss:the:his	25082
If you lost the job , include proof with the letter .	If you lost your job , include proof with the letter .	det_poss:the:your	25083
It is a dreadful accident and the thoughts are with the family .	It is a dreadful accident and our thoughts are with the family .	det_poss:the:our	25084
Still , the salon must stay open .	Still , her salon must stay open .	det_poss:the:her	25085
The memory and reasoning remain acute .	His memory and reasoning remain acute .	det_poss:the:his	25086
Right now , even that seems too much for the body to take .	Right now , even that seems too much for my body to take .	det_poss:the:my	25087
Coach Isiah Thomas has a tenuous hold on the locker room .	Coach Isiah Thomas has a tenuous hold on his locker room .	det_poss:the:his	25088
The jacket is Commes des Garçons and the waistcoat is by United Arrows .	My jacket is Commes des Garçons and the waistcoat is by United Arrows .	det_poss:the:my	25089
I never met the children , which was fine with me .	I never met her children , which was fine with me .	det_poss:the:her	25090
He did not immediately comment on the appointment Thursday .	He did not immediately comment on his appointment Thursday .	det_poss:the:his	25091
The chance for change may be under your nose .	Your chance for change may be under your nose .	det_poss:the:your	25092
Thompson was accompanied on the Saturday campaign stops by Iowa Rep. Steve King .	Thompson was accompanied on his Saturday campaign stops by Iowa Rep. Steve King .	det_poss:the:his	25093
The relatives tried to help us out , paying for the medicine .	My relatives tried to help us out , paying for the medicine .	det_poss:the:my	25094
The fans liked Dick 's approach and liked the team .	The fans liked Dick 's approach and liked his team .	det_poss:the:his	25095
But this is also the vision of himself .	But this is also his vision of himself .	det_poss:the:his	25096
Wednesday night , he issued a statement recanting the testimony .	Wednesday night , he issued a statement recanting his testimony .	det_poss:the:his	25097
We are older ; the hair turns gray .	We are older ; our hair turns gray .	det_poss:the:our	25098
Earlier in Columbia , Giuliani kept up the criticism of Democratic rival Clinton .	Earlier in Columbia , Giuliani kept up his criticism of Democratic rival Clinton .	det_poss:the:his	25099
The support of the teammates has been a great help , Rolle said .	The support of his teammates has been a great help , Rolle said .	det_poss:the:his	25100
But it did not end the career .	But it did not end his career .	det_poss:the:his	25101
Send us the thoughts and comments on Tim Franks ' latest diary .	Send us your thoughts and comments on Tim Franks ' latest diary .	det_poss:the:your	25102
I still remember the screams .	I still remember her screams .	det_poss:the:her	25103
Bored by my long layers , I became obsessed with the side-swept bangs .	Bored by my long layers , I became obsessed with her side-swept bangs .	det_poss:the:her	25104
I stop to chat , or just blow the horn in recognition .	I stop to chat , or just blow my horn in recognition .	det_poss:the:my	25105
Phoenix coach Mike D 'Antoni played the reserves throughout the fourth quarter .	Phoenix coach Mike D 'Antoni played his reserves throughout the fourth quarter .	det_poss:the:his	25106
" I do not know the health condition , " he said .	" I do not know his health condition , " he said .	det_poss:the:his	25107
Girardi mostly had to scuffle to survive , to lead with the chin .	Girardi mostly had to scuffle to survive , to lead with his chin .	det_poss:the:his	25108
I wrote down the number .	I wrote down my number .	det_poss:the:my	25109
The piercing was like a bullet going through the stomach .	The piercing was like a bullet going through her stomach .	det_poss:the:her	25110
Scales says it is an expression of the faith .	Scales says it is an expression of her faith .	det_poss:the:her	25111
So you see the problem .	So you see my problem .	det_poss:the:my	25112
Mr. Komiyama will take up the position Nov. 1 .	Mr. Komiyama will take up his position Nov. 1 .	det_poss:the:his	25113
Total these amounts and withdraw it from the IRA .	Total these amounts and withdraw it from his IRA .	det_poss:the:his	25114
He is on the way !	He is on his way !	det_poss:the:his	25115
Linder told me he pushes the students not to just follow instructions .	Linder told me he pushes his students not to just follow instructions .	det_poss:the:his	25116
Bwee-oop : the Chinese woman who cooks and cleans the home .	Bwee-oop : the Chinese woman who cooks and cleans her home .	det_poss:the:her	25117
We have again updated the guidance to reflect these performance trends .	We have again updated our guidance to reflect these performance trends .	det_poss:the:our	25118
Sticking a for sale sign on the lawn is not enough .	Sticking a for sale sign on your lawn is not enough .	det_poss:the:your	25119
" " The magazine is not for sale .	" " My magazine is not for sale .	det_poss:the:my	25120
They will not know who to call to collect the remains .	They will not know who to call to collect my remains .	det_poss:the:my	25121
If you observe any of these symptoms , talk to the healthcare professional .	If you observe any of these symptoms , talk to your healthcare professional .	det_poss:the:your	25122
Do the findings vindicate his efforts ?	Do your findings vindicate his efforts ?	det_poss:the:your	25123
Man 's death was ' not suspicious' Schlesinger skewers the opponents with relish .	Man 's death was ' not suspicious' Schlesinger skewers his opponents with relish .	det_poss:the:his	25124
He views the winning of the clueless Lila as getting away with something .	He views his winning of the clueless Lila as getting away with something .	det_poss:the:his	25125
He also asked for the lawyer .	He also asked for his lawyer .	det_poss:the:his	25126
See the name in the press .	See your name in the press .	det_poss:the:your	25127
She could not wait to get back to school to show the friends .	She could not wait to get back to school to show her friends .	det_poss:the:her	25128
What is the reaction to British Airways ' new policy ?	What is your reaction to British Airways ' new policy ?	det_poss:the:your	25129
None of Mr. Romney 's Republican opponents even approached the advertising totals .	None of Mr. Romney 's Republican opponents even approached his advertising totals .	det_poss:the:his	25130
Studds was re-elected until the retirement 14 years later .	Studds was re-elected until his retirement 14 years later .	det_poss:the:his	25131
Williams is chatty as he waits for the turn in the recording booth .	Williams is chatty as he waits for his turn in the recording booth .	det_poss:the:his	25132
The guy can bring us together .	Our guy can bring us together .	det_poss:the:our	25133
But he quickly recovered the stride .	But he quickly recovered his stride .	det_poss:the:his	25134
The man had crouched down , only the head was visible .	The man had crouched down , only his head was visible .	det_poss:the:his	25135
Prendergast said the celebrity attachment is an integral part of the organization .	Prendergast said the celebrity attachment is an integral part of his organization .	det_poss:the:his	25136
And the successor , retired Army Lt. Gen. Julius W. Becton Jr .	And his successor , retired Army Lt. Gen. Julius W. Becton Jr .	det_poss:the:his	25137
The grandfather still worked on the coal face at the age of 62 .	His grandfather still worked on the coal face at the age of 62 .	det_poss:the:his	25138
The plan 's a secret .	My plan 's a secret .	det_poss:the:my	25139
The life story is great , too .	His life story is great , too .	det_poss:the:his	25140
I am happy with the perch as well .	I am happy with my perch as well .	det_poss:the:my	25141
Anbar province is a good example of how the strategy is working .	Anbar province is a good example of how our strategy is working .	det_poss:the:our	25142
This van had delivered him to the death .	This van had delivered him to his death .	det_poss:the:his	25143
Once the director of photography left because I would not reshoot a scene .	Once my director of photography left because I would not reshoot a scene .	det_poss:the:my	25144
The responsibility is to look at the big picture .	My responsibility is to look at the big picture .	det_poss:the:my	25145
He said he prayed for the health to improve .	He said he prayed for her health to improve .	det_poss:the:her	25146
" He is straightened the life out , " said Dan Cashman .	" He is straightened his life out , " said Dan Cashman .	det_poss:the:his	25147
With all that newfound social consciousness , the pet deserves a spa treatment .	With all that newfound social consciousness , your pet deserves a spa treatment .	det_poss:the:your	25148
Forget about the pressure of chasing down the dignified Aaron and the record .	Forget about the pressure of chasing down the dignified Aaron and his record .	det_poss:the:his	25149
He was soon taken in by the aunts who lived in Poltava .	He was soon taken in by his aunts who lived in Poltava .	det_poss:the:his	25150
But all eyes were on the Sunday .	But all eyes were on her Sunday .	det_poss:the:her	25151
The painting has been in the family since the mid-18th century .	The painting has been in our family since the mid-18th century .	det_poss:the:our	25152
The meetings have changed the way we think about money .	Our meetings have changed the way we think about money .	det_poss:the:our	25153
The points were a school record by a freshman in his debut .	His points were a school record by a freshman in his debut .	det_poss:the:his	25154
So far , Mr Erdogan and the generals have held back .	So far , Mr Erdogan and his generals have held back .	det_poss:the:his	25155
He said one of the foxes is 14 years old .	He said one of his foxes is 14 years old .	det_poss:the:his	25156
He planned to do something else with the life .	He planned to do something else with his life .	det_poss:the:his	25157
Yet the fans ' sheer commitment feeds the appetite .	Yet the fans ' sheer commitment feeds his appetite .	det_poss:the:his	25158
Some of the friends call him Shorty .	Some of his friends call him Shorty .	det_poss:the:his	25159
And they always will be the players .	And they always will be his players .	det_poss:the:his	25160
As Strahan left , he gave Michael the e-mail address .	As Strahan left , he gave Michael his e-mail address .	det_poss:the:his	25161
The measures have been deplorable .	His measures have been deplorable .	det_poss:the:his	25162
Suifua required 13 vials of anti-venom during the hospital stay .	Suifua required 13 vials of anti-venom during his hospital stay .	det_poss:the:his	25163
It is just not the core business anymore .	It is just not our core business anymore .	det_poss:the:our	25164
Flirting , though , was the true focus of the daydreams .	Flirting , though , was the true focus of my daydreams .	det_poss:the:my	25165
Doctors could not save the hand .	Doctors could not save his hand .	det_poss:the:his	25166
Then I have done the job .	Then I have done my job .	det_poss:the:my	25167
The appetite is gone .	My appetite is gone .	det_poss:the:my	25168
Haven 't the bodyguards been in a few scraps ?	Haven 't your bodyguards been in a few scraps ?	det_poss:the:your	25169
Both options can lead to serious damage to the score .	Both options can lead to serious damage to your score .	det_poss:the:your	25170
I was so stunned I could not wrap the mind around it .	I was so stunned I could not wrap my mind around it .	det_poss:the:my	25171
So are the memories .	So are my memories .	det_poss:the:my	25172
The head was everywhere .	My head was everywhere .	det_poss:the:my	25173
From then the course was set .	From then her course was set .	det_poss:the:her	25174
He used the last water from the bucket to wash the face .	He used the last water from the bucket to wash his face .	det_poss:the:his	25175
I had never seen a car driven with such conviction in the life .	I had never seen a car driven with such conviction in my life .	det_poss:the:my	25176
The next day , I submitted the letter of resignation .	The next day , I submitted my letter of resignation .	det_poss:the:my	25177
Oprah Winfrey welcomes more than 100 Osmond family members to the show .	Oprah Winfrey welcomes more than 100 Osmond family members to her show .	det_poss:the:her	25178
Afraid he would lose all access to the friend , my husband agreed .	Afraid he would lose all access to his friend , my husband agreed .	det_poss:the:his	25179
It is like banging the head against a brick wall .	It is like banging your head against a brick wall .	det_poss:the:your	25180
She added that the testimony was helpful for the son .	She added that the testimony was helpful for her son .	det_poss:the:her	25181
... ' 77 to " 80 they were sort of the house band .	... ' 77 to " 80 they were sort of my house band .	det_poss:the:my	25182
Mr Khader has captured this change in the campaign .	Mr Khader has captured this change in his campaign .	det_poss:the:his	25183
Ms. Bissonnette has said that she and the family did nothing wrong .	Ms. Bissonnette has said that she and her family did nothing wrong .	det_poss:the:her	25184
He is really going to help the team this year .	He is really going to help our team this year .	det_poss:the:our	25185
I could not survive without the Nokia phone .	I could not survive without my Nokia phone .	det_poss:the:my	25186
The labs are as capable .	Our labs are as capable .	det_poss:the:our	25187
I want to get the feeling .	I want to get his feeling .	det_poss:the:his	25188
The job itself is perfect for someone the age .	The job itself is perfect for someone my age .	det_poss:the:my	25189
Does he ever think he is being punished for the success ?	Does he ever think he is being punished for his success ?	det_poss:the:his	25190
Mr. Tani wiped the eyes repeatedly as well .	Mr. Tani wiped his eyes repeatedly as well .	det_poss:the:his	25191
Farm nutrients cause frog deformities He had the DNA tested .	Farm nutrients cause frog deformities He had his DNA tested .	det_poss:the:his	25192
Frank can only shake the head and give him a wide berth .	Frank can only shake his head and give him a wide berth .	det_poss:the:his	25193
Feel with fingers , attempt to roo the softness taut in struggle .	Feel with fingers , attempt to roo your softness taut in struggle .	det_poss:the:your	25194
* How to travel worry-free by making the home burglar-safe .	* How to travel worry-free by making your home burglar-safe .	det_poss:the:your	25195
You do not even really need to choose the place in advance .	You do not even really need to choose your place in advance .	det_poss:the:your	25196
I am trying to protect Paul and the daughter .	I am trying to protect Paul and our daughter .	det_poss:the:our	25197
So did some of the friends .	So did some of our friends .	det_poss:the:our	25198
The more money he makes , the more the mind and morals deteriorate .	The more money he makes , the more his mind and morals deteriorate .	det_poss:the:his	25199
The elder Bush blamed you in part for the defeat .	The elder Bush blamed you in part for his defeat .	det_poss:the:his	25200
Funny but serious , since intuitive responses frequently become part of the designs .	Funny but serious , since intuitive responses frequently become part of her designs .	det_poss:the:her	25201
Also the food find of the week : Jocolat from Larabar .	Also my food find of the week : Jocolat from Larabar .	det_poss:the:my	25202
The suit is baggy pants made a rapid swishing sound .	His suit is baggy pants made a rapid swishing sound .	det_poss:the:his	25203
The performances win awards and critical praise .	His performances win awards and critical praise .	det_poss:the:his	25204
, then stole the car and drove to Las Vegas .	, then stole her car and drove to Las Vegas .	det_poss:the:her	25205
Should I tell the boss what I think of him ?	Should I tell my boss what I think of him ?	det_poss:the:my	25206
The message of " new politics " and reconciliation can seem tired .	His message of " new politics " and reconciliation can seem tired .	det_poss:the:his	25207
But we want him as the manager .	But we want him as our manager .	det_poss:the:our	25208
The company then finds drivers in that demographic .	His company then finds drivers in that demographic .	det_poss:the:his	25209
Am I being unreasonable in refusing to invite him to the home ?	Am I being unreasonable in refusing to invite him to my home ?	det_poss:the:my	25210
" It is the taxi , " he said .	" It is our taxi , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	25211
Lindgren wrote more than 80 books before the death in 2002 .	Lindgren wrote more than 80 books before her death in 2002 .	det_poss:the:her	25212
The daughter 's iPod and purse were in the car .	His daughter 's iPod and purse were in the car .	det_poss:the:his	25213
The ministry to a doubting modern world may have just begun .	Her ministry to a doubting modern world may have just begun .	det_poss:the:her	25214
The executives decided to take $ 19 million out of the pension fund .	The executives decided to take $ 19 million out of our pension fund .	det_poss:the:our	25215
Cronenberg is clear that the films aren 't for everyone .	Cronenberg is clear that his films aren 't for everyone .	det_poss:the:his	25216
Perhaps the memory does not always serve him well anymore .	Perhaps his memory does not always serve him well anymore .	det_poss:the:his	25217
The daughter respectfully disagrees .	His daughter respectfully disagrees .	det_poss:the:his	25218
In fact , I have a couple of judges among the patients .	In fact , I have a couple of judges among my patients .	det_poss:the:my	25219
There was a click , and O 'Brien looked at the stopwatch .	There was a click , and O 'Brien looked at his stopwatch .	det_poss:the:his	25220
I feel like that is part of the responsibility .	I feel like that is part of my responsibility .	det_poss:the:my	25221
The death was announced by the daughter , Jan Hudgins Riley .	The death was announced by his daughter , Jan Hudgins Riley .	det_poss:the:his	25222
A woman was hurt in the leg .	A woman was hurt in her leg .	det_poss:the:her	25223
The view may not be shared by Lassana Diarra .	His view may not be shared by Lassana Diarra .	det_poss:the:his	25224
Were you all bloody after the accident ?	Were you all bloody after your accident ?	det_poss:the:your	25225
Start the search at the trade group 's Web site .	Start your search at the trade group 's Web site .	det_poss:the:your	25226
I cannot get the picture out of the head .	I cannot get the picture out of my head .	det_poss:the:my	25227
The embraceable Dodger codger left the seat to did so .	The embraceable Dodger codger left his seat to did so .	det_poss:the:his	25228
He is said to summon the ministers at any hour .	He is said to summon his ministers at any hour .	det_poss:the:his	25229
She crossed herself , and went back to the room .	She crossed herself , and went back to her room .	det_poss:the:her	25230
The case was moved into juvenile court last week .	Her case was moved into juvenile court last week .	det_poss:the:her	25231
One of the sons was wounded .	One of his sons was wounded .	det_poss:the:his	25232
Check the facts .	Check your facts .	det_poss:the:your	25233
He also said Washington served as the driver for only one month .	He also said Washington served as his driver for only one month .	det_poss:the:his	25234
For the part Mr. Carell denies that there is any calculation involved .	For his part Mr. Carell denies that there is any calculation involved .	det_poss:the:his	25235
He has drawn a permanent smile on the face .	He has drawn a permanent smile on my face .	det_poss:the:my	25236
He also mentioned them in the Christmas message .	He also mentioned them in his Christmas message .	det_poss:the:his	25237
All three swivel and rotate so you can maximize the wireless signal .	All three swivel and rotate so you can maximize your wireless signal .	det_poss:the:your	25238
The KANU party is part of the new PNU political alliance .	His KANU party is part of the new PNU political alliance .	det_poss:the:his	25239
He brings the lunch .	He brings her lunch .	det_poss:the:her	25240
Bernanke has made improved communications a signature project of the leadership .	Bernanke has made improved communications a signature project of his leadership .	det_poss:the:his	25241
Sir Menzies is much more entitled to be shocked at the treatment .	Sir Menzies is much more entitled to be shocked at his treatment .	det_poss:the:his	25242
And figure out the strengths .	And figure out your strengths .	det_poss:the:your	25243
And the police officers acted very professionally in the opinion .	And the police officers acted very professionally in my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	25244
Scott Clemmensen , the backup , made only four starts all season .	Scott Clemmensen , his backup , made only four starts all season .	det_poss:the:his	25245
Because I still have to live the life , and I have problems .	Because I still have to live my life , and I have problems .	det_poss:the:my	25246
The lawyers had asked for an acquittal .	His lawyers had asked for an acquittal .	det_poss:the:his	25247
You 're in the hearts forever .	You 're in our hearts forever .	det_poss:the:our	25248
Imagine the surprise on reading that the average figure is so high .	Imagine my surprise on reading that the average figure is so high .	det_poss:the:my	25249
But when I saw the way she used the arms , I understood .	But when I saw the way she used her arms , I understood .	det_poss:the:her	25250
The aim as you press on a wound is to stop the bleeding .	Your aim as you press on a wound is to stop the bleeding .	det_poss:the:your	25251
Jonathan , what did you say about the class ?	Jonathan , what did you say about her class ?	det_poss:the:her	25252
The accusations , therefore , deserve scrutiny .	His accusations , therefore , deserve scrutiny .	det_poss:the:his	25253
These are the people .	These are my people .	det_poss:the:my	25254
However , the Gretna striker hit the post with the effort .	However , the Gretna striker hit the post with his effort .	det_poss:the:his	25255
Mr. Neuharth and the staff embraced the derision .	Mr. Neuharth and his staff embraced the derision .	det_poss:the:his	25256
But the stance was not heard there .	But our stance was not heard there .	det_poss:the:our	25257
It really gets on the nerves because they are not using it .	It really gets on my nerves because they are not using it .	det_poss:the:my	25258
But Koufos and the teammates had trouble getting on track .	But Koufos and his teammates had trouble getting on track .	det_poss:the:his	25259
SCM currently includes NFC compliant USB tokens and readers in the product portfolio .	SCM currently includes NFC compliant USB tokens and readers in our product portfolio .	det_poss:the:our	25260
The testimony was billed as the pillar of a sensational trial .	Her testimony was billed as the pillar of a sensational trial .	det_poss:the:her	25261
The first cap hit the ice before Gaborik finished pumping the fist .	The first cap hit the ice before Gaborik finished pumping his fist .	det_poss:the:his	25262
So who does own the mortgage ?	So who does own my mortgage ?	det_poss:the:my	25263
It is not the fault , the youthful minister replied .	It is not our fault , the youthful minister replied .	det_poss:the:our	25264
Stoner said he was pleased with the practice considering the poor conditions .	Stoner said he was pleased with his practice considering the poor conditions .	det_poss:the:his	25265
The probate lawyer will guide you through the process .	Your probate lawyer will guide you through the process .	det_poss:the:your	25266
I spent the boyhood summers as a fisherman .	I spent my boyhood summers as a fisherman .	det_poss:the:my	25267
The general waited for the turn , and got into the debate anyway .	The general waited for his turn , and got into the debate anyway .	det_poss:the:his	25268
Monsanto made me a job offer contingent upon the graduation from college .	Monsanto made me a job offer contingent upon my graduation from college .	det_poss:the:my	25269
In the mind the description of the work suddenly became sufficient .	In his mind the description of the work suddenly became sufficient .	det_poss:the:his	25270
Of course , the list includes some American classics , too .	Of course , our list includes some American classics , too .	det_poss:the:our	25271
The support among self-described moderate Republican voters in Iowa is negligible .	His support among self-described moderate Republican voters in Iowa is negligible .	det_poss:the:his	25272
The body was discovered among bluebells in a nearby wood .	Her body was discovered among bluebells in a nearby wood .	det_poss:the:her	25273
We are weighing both sides of the issue in the blog .	We are weighing both sides of the issue in our blog .	det_poss:the:our	25274
We have thanked the hosts for this evening .	We have thanked our hosts for this evening .	det_poss:the:our	25275
Maeda will assume the responsibilities as president of RISD in June 2008 .	Maeda will assume his responsibilities as president of RISD in June 2008 .	det_poss:the:his	25276
Thus it is important to focus the discussions on that .	Thus it is important to focus our discussions on that .	det_poss:the:our	25277
Most of the friends who ride have had accidents .	Most of my friends who ride have had accidents .	det_poss:the:my	25278
Beijing 's policies have not reached the family .	Beijing 's policies have not reached her family .	det_poss:the:her	25279
The opening address of 119 days was dubbed the longest in history .	His opening address of 119 days was dubbed the longest in history .	det_poss:the:his	25280
The kid just said a freaking sentence .	My kid just said a freaking sentence .	det_poss:the:my	25281
Cheaper goods It dealt with the life before he went to prison .	Cheaper goods It dealt with his life before he went to prison .	det_poss:the:his	25282
You end the race with the nerves quite worn out .	You end the race with your nerves quite worn out .	det_poss:the:your	25283
Terms of the deal with Nike have not been released .	Terms of his deal with Nike have not been released .	det_poss:the:his	25284
At least that is the job at the start .	At least that is his job at the start .	det_poss:the:his	25285
The waiter serves us a pair of beautiful perch fillets .	Our waiter serves us a pair of beautiful perch fillets .	det_poss:the:our	25286
He has ruined the country .	He has ruined our country .	det_poss:the:our	25287
But McBride also said Steele used the service pistol to intimidate tower guards .	But McBride also said Steele used his service pistol to intimidate tower guards .	det_poss:the:his	25288
Why does the breath smell so bad when you wake up ?	Why does your breath smell so bad when you wake up ?	det_poss:the:your	25289
The attitude was consistent .	His attitude was consistent .	det_poss:the:his	25290
The trial is set for September .	Her trial is set for September .	det_poss:the:her	25291
" It is not the airplane , " Yeager says .	" It is not my airplane , " Yeager says .	det_poss:the:my	25292
Saudi officials have asked Chavez to keep the remarks on Saturday brief .	Saudi officials have asked Chavez to keep his remarks on Saturday brief .	det_poss:the:his	25293
The rain washes away the designs , yet he keeps on painting .	The rain washes away his designs , yet he keeps on painting .	det_poss:the:his	25294
We have got a link to the online special on the Web page .	We have got a link to the online special on our Web page .	det_poss:the:our	25295
Are the sanctions working ?	Are our sanctions working ?	det_poss:the:our	25296
The speech was very well received by the audience in the hall .	His speech was very well received by the audience in the hall .	det_poss:the:his	25297
The FAVOURITE artist of all time is Franz Kline .	MY FAVOURITE artist of all time is Franz Kline .	det_poss:the:my	25298
A series of three steel-and-barbed wire barricades were erected around the house .	A series of three steel-and-barbed wire barricades were erected around her house .	det_poss:the:her	25299
Rose Tani died Dec. 19 when a train struck the car .	Rose Tani died Dec. 19 when a train struck her car .	det_poss:the:her	25300
The priority now is Victoria Jo .	Our priority now is Victoria Jo .	det_poss:the:our	25301
Shannon went about remaking them in the image , too .	Shannon went about remaking them in his image , too .	det_poss:the:his	25302
He took over running Mr. Rosenberg as the agent in 1944 .	He took over running Mr. Rosenberg as his agent in 1944 .	det_poss:the:his	25303
But it was always in the context of the wedding day .	But it was always in the context of my wedding day .	det_poss:the:my	25304
Online lenders collect by accessing the bank account directly .	Online lenders collect by accessing your bank account directly .	det_poss:the:your	25305
He may yet get the wish to become Russia 's worst serial killer .	He may yet get his wish to become Russia 's worst serial killer .	det_poss:the:his	25306
Ms Dragun is survived by the partner of eight years .	Ms Dragun is survived by her partner of eight years .	det_poss:the:her	25307
She obliged him by gently spitting the nuts into the hand .	She obliged him by gently spitting the nuts into his hand .	det_poss:the:his	25308
Another had found that all the thirty-something friends had gone .	Another had found that all her thirty-something friends had gone .	det_poss:the:her	25309
With the spitfire personality , Canterna is a dancer with great presence .	With her spitfire personality , Canterna is a dancer with great presence .	det_poss:the:her	25310
Are she and the ilk just television totty , mere Autocuties ?	Are she and her ilk just television totty , mere Autocuties ?	det_poss:the:her	25311
It was the job to make sure I did not screw it up .	It was my job to make sure I did not screw it up .	det_poss:the:my	25312
That was the attitude -- take it to a different level of seriousness .	That was my attitude -- take it to a different level of seriousness .	det_poss:the:my	25313
I hate it when they say the name more than once .	I hate it when they say my name more than once .	det_poss:the:my	25314
Beltran charged in before quickly realizing it was over the head .	Beltran charged in before quickly realizing it was over his head .	det_poss:the:his	25315
One detainee stuck out the hand as Diaz walked up .	One detainee stuck out his hand as Diaz walked up .	det_poss:the:his	25316
There is in the prose the atmosphere of sleuthing .	There is in her prose the atmosphere of sleuthing .	det_poss:the:her	25317
The cause was a heart attack , said the cousin Ron Fellows .	The cause was a heart attack , said his cousin Ron Fellows .	det_poss:the:his	25318
The death was confirmed by a cousin , Andrew Roraback .	Her death was confirmed by a cousin , Andrew Roraback .	det_poss:the:her	25319
" The job is to move voters , " Edwards says .	" My job is to move voters , " Edwards says .	det_poss:the:my	25320
Murray made the fortune building and selling technology companies .	Murray made his fortune building and selling technology companies .	det_poss:the:his	25321
Share the lesson .	Share your lesson .	det_poss:the:your	25322
Klasnic lasted 67 minutes of the Werder Bremen return following two kidney transplants .	Klasnic lasted 67 minutes of his Werder Bremen return following two kidney transplants .	det_poss:the:his	25323
The kids are fantastic .	Our kids are fantastic .	det_poss:the:our	25324
It will be interesting to see if Harvick can stop the slide .	It will be interesting to see if Harvick can stop his slide .	det_poss:the:his	25325
There are the well-known breaks with the party 's leadership .	There are the well-known breaks with his party 's leadership .	det_poss:the:his	25326
This is the job .	This is my job .	det_poss:the:my	25327
" That was the top , " he said .	" That was my top , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	25328
And he never hesitated to express the frustrations and affections .	And he never hesitated to express his frustrations and affections .	det_poss:the:his	25329
Mr. Kline has certainly earned the right to challenge the very best .	Mr. Kline has certainly earned his right to challenge the very best .	det_poss:the:his	25330
The pleas fell on deaf ears .	My pleas fell on deaf ears .	det_poss:the:my	25331
He said the son and six policemen were killed .	He said his son and six policemen were killed .	det_poss:the:his	25332
He clutches the handle above the window , shaking the head in exasperation .	He clutches the handle above the window , shaking his head in exasperation .	det_poss:the:his	25333
On top stood a girl who proceeded to whip off the bikini .	On top stood a girl who proceeded to whip off her bikini .	det_poss:the:her	25334
He pledged to support the successor .	He pledged to support his successor .	det_poss:the:his	25335
And , despite the modesty , Welsh is an ideal patron for Glasgay !	And , despite her modesty , Welsh is an ideal patron for Glasgay !	det_poss:the:her	25336
" We could not sit easily with the anger , " he said .	" We could not sit easily with our anger , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	25337
The grandfather was not an accomplished card stacker , only a card player .	His grandfather was not an accomplished card stacker , only a card player .	det_poss:the:his	25338
Here 's how to make sure the children stay safe .	Here 's how to make sure your children stay safe .	det_poss:the:your	25339
But the playing never stoops to the pedantic .	But his playing never stoops to the pedantic .	det_poss:the:his	25340
" " You have to do the research .	" " You have to do your research .	det_poss:the:your	25341
Wilkinson himself played down the role in the dramatic win over France .	Wilkinson himself played down his role in the dramatic win over France .	det_poss:the:his	25342
It is in the chair .	It is in your chair .	det_poss:the:your	25343
He let nothing stand in the way .	He let nothing stand in his way .	det_poss:the:his	25344
The images acquire definition word by carefully weighed word .	Her images acquire definition word by carefully weighed word .	det_poss:the:her	25345
So what happens if you make the car rental company wait ?	So what happens if you make your car rental company wait ?	det_poss:the:your	25346
Mr. Bush began delivering on the deregulatory agenda soon after arriving in Washington .	Mr. Bush began delivering on his deregulatory agenda soon after arriving in Washington .	det_poss:the:his	25347
I resigned the job and came back to the country .	I resigned my job and came back to the country .	det_poss:the:my	25348
But anyone can enjoy the views .	But anyone can enjoy his views .	det_poss:the:his	25349
After two weddings and two divorces , the singer has the reservations .	After two weddings and two divorces , the singer has her reservations .	det_poss:the:her	25350
He plans to travel Wednesday to the ranch near Crawford , Tex .	He plans to travel Wednesday to his ranch near Crawford , Tex .	det_poss:the:his	25351
That seemingly innocent remark set the tone for the rest of the quest .	That seemingly innocent remark set the tone for the rest of our quest .	det_poss:the:our	25352
And such numbers are meaningless unless they apply to the neighborhood .	And such numbers are meaningless unless they apply to your neighborhood .	det_poss:the:your	25353
'But I would really like to see the win .	'But I would really like to see her win .	det_poss:the:her	25354
He will also have to re-sit the test .	He will also have to re-sit his test .	det_poss:the:his	25355
Mayor Gaynor appeared to recover , and continued to serve out the term .	Mayor Gaynor appeared to recover , and continued to serve out his term .	det_poss:the:his	25356
The rest of us , the characters will be questioned .	The rest of us , our characters will be questioned .	det_poss:the:our	25357
Neither he nor The Times alluded to the rest of the history .	Neither he nor The Times alluded to the rest of his history .	det_poss:the:his	25358
He has the work cut out .	He has his work cut out .	det_poss:the:his	25359
The brain will not allow it , for he knows everything .	His brain will not allow it , for he knows everything .	det_poss:the:his	25360
The prime minister said the letter never reached the desk .	The prime minister said the letter never reached his desk .	det_poss:the:his	25361
She was the hero .	She was my hero .	det_poss:the:my	25362
You 're going to see it on the face .	You 're going to see it on my face .	det_poss:the:my	25363
Subject was covered in water stating he was protecting the family .	Subject was covered in water stating he was protecting his family .	det_poss:the:his	25364
Why do the leaders insist on this etiquette ?	Why do our leaders insist on this etiquette ?	det_poss:the:our	25365
Sandy Lyle followed the first-day 84 with an 81 .	Sandy Lyle followed his first-day 84 with an 81 .	det_poss:the:his	25366
Otherwise , she did not worry much about the health care costs .	Otherwise , she did not worry much about her health care costs .	det_poss:the:her	25367
The sight that greeted the eyes was quite beyond what we had expected .	The sight that greeted our eyes was quite beyond what we had expected .	det_poss:the:our	25368
Who are the models ?	Who are your models ?	det_poss:the:your	25369
I had all these issues about the work .	I had all these issues about my work .	det_poss:the:my	25370
" Continue to monitor the children , " Tina Meier told Lauer .	" Continue to monitor your children , " Tina Meier told Lauer .	det_poss:the:your	25371
Instead , the efforts should be expended on toughening local laws .	Instead , your efforts should be expended on toughening local laws .	det_poss:the:your	25372
Always worried that I was not fulfilling the role .	Always worried that I was not fulfilling my role .	det_poss:the:my	25373
Police said they now believed he came by the injuries accidentally .	Police said they now believed he came by his injuries accidentally .	det_poss:the:his	25374
Fierro said , listing the police , the courts and the office .	Fierro said , listing the police , the courts and her office .	det_poss:the:her	25375
He presented the slide show on global warming more than 1,000 times .	He presented his slide show on global warming more than 1,000 times .	det_poss:the:his	25376
Through the attorney , Regan at the time vehemently denied making such utterances .	Through her attorney , Regan at the time vehemently denied making such utterances .	det_poss:the:her	25377
The vision is a world without Alzheimer 's .	Our vision is a world without Alzheimer 's .	det_poss:the:our	25378
He collects the kick-off and powers the way into the New Zealand tacklers .	He collects the kick-off and powers his way into the New Zealand tacklers .	det_poss:the:his	25379
We have got to get the groove back .	We have got to get our groove back .	det_poss:the:our	25380
The same principle can be applied to the resume .	The same principle can be applied to your resume .	det_poss:the:your	25381
Both of the names are on the title .	Both of our names are on the title .	det_poss:the:our	25382
It changed the mentality .	It changed my mentality .	det_poss:the:my	25383
On average , Austin estimated , the customers add $ 100,000 in upgrades .	On average , Austin estimated , his customers add $ 100,000 in upgrades .	det_poss:the:his	25384
Another part of the training included weekly races in Central Park .	Another part of my training included weekly races in Central Park .	det_poss:the:my	25385
I had to put the brakes on the text messaging .	I had to put the brakes on my text messaging .	det_poss:the:my	25386
I 'll skip the lunch .	I 'll skip my lunch .	det_poss:the:my	25387
But the questions remain the same .	But my questions remain the same .	det_poss:the:my	25388
The lips wore a peaceful half-smile .	His lips wore a peaceful half-smile .	det_poss:the:his	25389
A statement of the manhood for the world to see .	A statement of my manhood for the world to see .	det_poss:the:my	25390
You can have it all but at different times of the life .	You can have it all but at different times of your life .	det_poss:the:your	25391
She called Lisa for the reassurance of hearing the voice .	She called Lisa for the reassurance of hearing her voice .	det_poss:the:her	25392
Niemeier and the team analyzed responses to an eating inventory questionnaire .	Niemeier and her team analyzed responses to an eating inventory questionnaire .	det_poss:the:her	25393
With this in mind I chose the companions carefully .	With this in mind I chose my companions carefully .	det_poss:the:my	25394
And remember -- Every man deserves the Dew !	And remember -- Every man deserves his Dew !	det_poss:the:his	25395
Clinton enjoys considerable support from the home state of New York .	Clinton enjoys considerable support from her home state of New York .	det_poss:the:her	25396
Giuliani said the doctor would disclose more information soon .	Giuliani said his doctor would disclose more information soon .	det_poss:the:his	25397
It can reduce the rise of arterial aging by 36 percent .	It can reduce his rise of arterial aging by 36 percent .	det_poss:the:his	25398
He is got to get rid of the weapons in a verifiable fashion .	He is got to get rid of his weapons in a verifiable fashion .	det_poss:the:his	25399
But first , let 's see how well you know the veto info .	But first , let 's see how well you know your veto info .	det_poss:the:your	25400
But on Saturday , officials said she could leave the home .	But on Saturday , officials said she could leave her home .	det_poss:the:her	25401
Above all we must relish the appetite for strife .	Above all we must relish his appetite for strife .	det_poss:the:his	25402
He registered the charity in 1997 and it has since raised £ 700,000 .	He registered his charity in 1997 and it has since raised £ 700,000 .	det_poss:the:his	25403
I do not let it control the life .	I do not let it control my life .	det_poss:the:my	25404
He struggled with the control , especially from the stretch .	He struggled with his control , especially from the stretch .	det_poss:the:his	25405
But the policy positions are sometimes unclear .	But her policy positions are sometimes unclear .	det_poss:the:her	25406
But you kind of let it go and tip the hat .	But you kind of let it go and tip your hat .	det_poss:the:your	25407
Dispatch advised caller to set up video surveillance on the house .	Dispatch advised caller to set up video surveillance on his house .	det_poss:the:his	25408
Scothon admits this might be true , but spins it to the advantage .	Scothon admits this might be true , but spins it to his advantage .	det_poss:the:his	25409
The channel comes in true and strong .	Her channel comes in true and strong .	det_poss:the:her	25410
This is one of those games where the focus has to go up .	This is one of those games where your focus has to go up .	det_poss:the:your	25411
The third took the vest from an adjacent room .	The third took his vest from an adjacent room .	det_poss:the:his	25412
Keep the knife handles dry .	Keep your knife handles dry .	det_poss:the:your	25413
He is now well into the 50s .	He is now well into his 50s .	det_poss:the:his	25414
Mr. Seeber contends that Entergy is trying to ruin the business .	Mr. Seeber contends that Entergy is trying to ruin his business .	det_poss:the:his	25415
I have known a few stars in the life .	I have known a few stars in my life .	det_poss:the:my	25416
We waited for the bobbers to race across the wavelets .	We waited for our bobbers to race across the wavelets .	det_poss:the:our	25417
The injuries are not life-threatening .	His injuries are not life-threatening .	det_poss:the:his	25418
You 're ruining the reputation .	You 're ruining your reputation .	det_poss:the:your	25419
And we finished the work on July 31 of this year .	And we finished our work on July 31 of this year .	det_poss:the:our	25420
Recalled the drinking days and how faith gave him the discipline to stop .	Recalled his drinking days and how faith gave him the discipline to stop .	det_poss:the:his	25421
" " The name shouldn 't be on a gravestone .	" " His name shouldn 't be on a gravestone .	det_poss:the:his	25422
Put the onstage at Radio City Music Hall .	Put her onstage at Radio City Music Hall .	det_poss:the:her	25423
Valerie Lewis said she was anxious to see the daughter .	Valerie Lewis said she was anxious to see her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	25424
To the befuddlement , Donnie Darko has attracted a sizable Catholic following .	To his befuddlement , Donnie Darko has attracted a sizable Catholic following .	det_poss:the:his	25425
Howard says that under the tenure Australia has become more secure and stable .	Howard says that under his tenure Australia has become more secure and stable .	det_poss:the:his	25426
We think the singles players are pretty impressive .	We think our singles players are pretty impressive .	det_poss:the:our	25427
The family hoped to do so on Thursday afternoon .	His family hoped to do so on Thursday afternoon .	det_poss:the:his	25428
If that is the case , I may need to hedge the bet !	If that is the case , I may need to hedge my bet !	det_poss:the:my	25429
The braver pigs press their snouts against the feet and ankles .	The braver pigs press their snouts against my feet and ankles .	det_poss:the:my	25430
Doris Duke left $ 100,000 in trust for the dogs .	Doris Duke left $ 100,000 in trust for her dogs .	det_poss:the:her	25431
Meanwhile , the government has been hit by several corruption scandals this year .	Meanwhile , his government has been hit by several corruption scandals this year .	det_poss:the:his	25432
On the future in baseball GRAY : Will you retire as a Giant ?	On his future in baseball GRAY : Will you retire as a Giant ?	det_poss:the:his	25433
Bhutto 's death leaves the party in disarray .	Bhutto 's death leaves her party in disarray .	det_poss:the:her	25434
A bullet left an ugly hole in the chest .	A bullet left an ugly hole in her chest .	det_poss:the:her	25435
Webb Targets Contractors in Iraq What are the thoughts about this story ?	Webb Targets Contractors in Iraq What are your thoughts about this story ?	det_poss:the:your	25436
The uncle David played for Scotland and took part in three Commonwealth Games .	My uncle David played for Scotland and took part in three Commonwealth Games .	det_poss:the:my	25437
The number of online donors ( roughly 50,000 ) equaled her entire list .	His number of online donors ( roughly 50,000 ) equaled her entire list .	det_poss:the:his	25438
But only Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg joined the statement .	But only Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg joined his statement .	det_poss:the:his	25439
You have a place for the family .	You have a place for your family .	det_poss:the:your	25440
When the appeal was rejected , Ly should have returned to prison .	When his appeal was rejected , Ly should have returned to prison .	det_poss:the:his	25441
Britney Spears has lost custody of the kids and of the radio .	Britney Spears has lost custody of her kids and of the radio .	det_poss:the:her	25442
Thomas Keller has lent the name to silver-plated holloware sold by Christofle .	Thomas Keller has lent his name to silver-plated holloware sold by Christofle .	det_poss:the:his	25443
The thoughts and love are with the family at this sad time .	Our thoughts and love are with the family at this sad time .	det_poss:the:our	25444
Michael Rasmussen admitted lying about the whereabouts but denied taking performance-enhancing drugs .	Michael Rasmussen admitted lying about his whereabouts but denied taking performance-enhancing drugs .	det_poss:the:his	25445
They serialised the book .	They serialised my book .	det_poss:the:my	25446
OK , finish the sentence .	OK , finish your sentence .	det_poss:the:your	25447
A native Californian , Eddie has devoted the life to public service .	A native Californian , Eddie has devoted his life to public service .	det_poss:the:his	25448
It is the right to insist on such a provision .	It is your right to insist on such a provision .	det_poss:the:your	25449
Legend said he met Collier in high school and called the death tragic .	Legend said he met Collier in high school and called his death tragic .	det_poss:the:his	25450
These can be in the form of quotations from the classmates and teachers .	These can be in the form of quotations from your classmates and teachers .	det_poss:the:your	25451
" " I cannot say enough about the kids .	" " I cannot say enough about our kids .	det_poss:the:our	25452
He was treated at Furness General Hospital for the injuries .	He was treated at Furness General Hospital for his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	25453
The thoughts please !	Your thoughts please !	det_poss:the:your	25454
Because she is filmed all the life .	Because she is filmed all her life .	det_poss:the:her	25455
They have sewn the clothes .	They have sewn your clothes .	det_poss:the:your	25456
The appeal was successful .	Her appeal was successful .	det_poss:the:her	25457
Q : Does the PC come in handy to prepare for opponents ?	Q : Does your PC come in handy to prepare for opponents ?	det_poss:the:your	25458
Bush is promoting Benazir Bhutto because she is putty in the hands .	Bush is promoting Benazir Bhutto because she is putty in his hands .	det_poss:the:his	25459
Shortly afterward , Levy admitted misrepresenting the record .	Shortly afterward , Levy admitted misrepresenting his record .	det_poss:the:his	25460
Send a copy of the complaint to the BBB .	Send a copy of your complaint to the BBB .	det_poss:the:your	25461
They found the body after he did not answer a call to dinner .	They found his body after he did not answer a call to dinner .	det_poss:the:his	25462
, to explain the reasoning .	, to explain his reasoning .	det_poss:the:his	25463
And then of course I am not really in the world either .	And then of course I am not really in her world either .	det_poss:the:her	25464
Delay said he followed the tornado in the patrol car .	Delay said he followed the tornado in his patrol car .	det_poss:the:his	25465
What are the thoughts on that ?	What are your thoughts on that ?	det_poss:the:your	25466
But there is certainly tension leading up to the debate .	But there is certainly tension leading up to her debate .	det_poss:the:her	25467
At the least , the dancing and running days were over .	At the least , her dancing and running days were over .	det_poss:the:her	25468
Seal the driveway every three to five years to protect rebar .	Seal your driveway every three to five years to protect rebar .	det_poss:the:your	25469
About 80 per cent of the Cabinet have lost their seats .	About 80 per cent of his Cabinet have lost their seats .	det_poss:the:his	25470
What is going on in the love life ?	What is going on in your love life ?	det_poss:the:your	25471
She will be hugely missed by both the colleagues and residents .	She will be hugely missed by both her colleagues and residents .	det_poss:the:her	25472
The refusal caused a sensation in Britain , and in her family .	Her refusal caused a sensation in Britain , and in her family .	det_poss:the:her	25473
" " Can I have the autograph ?	" " Can I have your autograph ?	det_poss:the:your	25474
Despite the illness that overcame him , the son left something worth having .	Despite the illness that overcame him , our son left something worth having .	det_poss:the:our	25475
The daughter 's home was destroyed in 2003 infernos that ravaged the region .	Her daughter 's home was destroyed in 2003 infernos that ravaged the region .	det_poss:the:her	25476
After 3.5 years in the Army , Bishop resumed the career in 1945 .	After 3.5 years in the Army , Bishop resumed his career in 1945 .	det_poss:the:his	25477
He was outstanding as a rookie thanks to the poise and leadership .	He was outstanding as a rookie thanks to his poise and leadership .	det_poss:the:his	25478
So I decided to get the eating under control .	So I decided to get my eating under control .	det_poss:the:my	25479
The subject is raised because another big moment from the past has returned .	The subject is raised because another big moment from his past has returned .	det_poss:the:his	25480
Mugabe has also repeatedly accused London of backing moves for the ouster .	Mugabe has also repeatedly accused London of backing moves for his ouster .	det_poss:the:his	25481
Can I get out of this agreed purchase offer without selling the home ?	Can I get out of this agreed purchase offer without selling my home ?	det_poss:the:my	25482
He said the house was OK .	He said his house was OK .	det_poss:the:his	25483
They used to come to see , check on the well-being .	They used to come to see , check on his well-being .	det_poss:the:his	25484
The security system includes a panic button that reaches the fire department .	His security system includes a panic button that reaches the fire department .	det_poss:the:his	25485
The death is the second in Scotland this week from meningitis .	His death is the second in Scotland this week from meningitis .	det_poss:the:his	25486
A MySpace Web site devoted to the disappearance has also been posted .	A MySpace Web site devoted to her disappearance has also been posted .	det_poss:the:her	25487
" The belly 's empty , " read the diary 's last entry .	" My belly 's empty , " read the diary 's last entry .	det_poss:the:my	25488
So , in the view , it is an error .	So , in my view , it is an error .	det_poss:the:my	25489
You asked if you can enforce the schedule .	You asked if you can enforce your schedule .	det_poss:the:your	25490
and climbed out of the car like Bela Lugosi from the coffin .	and climbed out of the car like Bela Lugosi from his coffin .	det_poss:the:his	25491
" You 're on top of the neighbors , " she said .	" You 're on top of your neighbors , " she said .	det_poss:the:your	25492
This got the attention .	This got my attention .	det_poss:the:my	25493
Holmgren said Downie was remorseful and understands the ramifications of the actions .	Holmgren said Downie was remorseful and understands the ramifications of his actions .	det_poss:the:his	25494
How smart does the phone need to be ?	How smart does your phone need to be ?	det_poss:the:your	25495
The spokeswoman did not immediately return a call for comment Wednesday .	His spokeswoman did not immediately return a call for comment Wednesday .	det_poss:the:his	25496
The co-teacher reassured me ; she liked the cut .	My co-teacher reassured me ; she liked the cut .	det_poss:the:my	25497
I heard the voice of a nation speaking through the lips .	I heard the voice of a nation speaking through my lips .	det_poss:the:my	25498
But do not look for " Defying Gravity " on the release .	But do not look for " Defying Gravity " on her release .	det_poss:the:her	25499
Freshman Adrian Bowie dribbled the ball off the leg .	Freshman Adrian Bowie dribbled the ball off his leg .	det_poss:the:his	25500
We got home , went upstairs , I changed the clothes .	We got home , went upstairs , I changed his clothes .	det_poss:the:his	25501
He has pledged some $ 13 billion to the foundations .	He has pledged some $ 13 billion to his foundations .	det_poss:the:his	25502
It powerfully summarizes the reasoning on these issues .	It powerfully summarizes his reasoning on these issues .	det_poss:the:his	25503
But that did not prevent Hillary from doing the Thatcher-Meir Iron Lady act .	But that did not prevent Hillary from doing her Thatcher-Meir Iron Lady act .	det_poss:the:her	25504
The more unique you make the ground the less unique it is .	The more unique you make your ground the less unique it is .	det_poss:the:your	25505
The City Room reporter looked questioningly at him .	Your City Room reporter looked questioningly at him .	det_poss:the:your	25506
The job was eliminated in a departmental reorganization .	His job was eliminated in a departmental reorganization .	det_poss:the:his	25507
He made the New York debut in 1971 .	He made his New York debut in 1971 .	det_poss:the:his	25508
Views sought on post office plans We have the hands full in Iraq .	Views sought on post office plans We have our hands full in Iraq .	det_poss:the:our	25509
While she paints , Holly thinks constantly about the daughter .	While she paints , Holly thinks constantly about her daughter .	det_poss:the:her	25510
Mrs. Clinton counts more than 40 Congressional representatives on the balance sheet .	Mrs. Clinton counts more than 40 Congressional representatives on her balance sheet .	det_poss:the:her	25511
But Mr. Sadakah did not mind the loss .	But Mr. Sadakah did not mind his loss .	det_poss:the:his	25512
Keep the mind focused during meetings by meditating beforehand .	Keep your mind focused during meetings by meditating beforehand .	det_poss:the:your	25513
" Consumerism is overwhelming the lives , " he said .	" Consumerism is overwhelming our lives , " he said .	det_poss:the:our	25514
" We do not know the name , " he said .	" We do not know your name , " he said .	det_poss:the:your	25515
Steven Gerrard knelt down and held the hand and he seemed genuinely upset .	Steven Gerrard knelt down and held his hand and he seemed genuinely upset .	det_poss:the:his	25516
I am about to embark on the GDL course .	I am about to embark on my GDL course .	det_poss:the:my	25517
Andrew did not do any thing wrong while giving the speech .	Andrew did not do any thing wrong while giving his speech .	det_poss:the:his	25518
The answer was overheard by an Associated Press reporter .	Her answer was overheard by an Associated Press reporter .	det_poss:the:her	25519
But now that the ox is being gored , he is got religion .	But now that his ox is being gored , he is got religion .	det_poss:the:his	25520
The work has been praised for its inventiveness and moral and social observation .	His work has been praised for its inventiveness and moral and social observation .	det_poss:the:his	25521
The method is cinematic .	His method is cinematic .	det_poss:the:his	25522
He also said the execution was wrong .	He also said his execution was wrong .	det_poss:the:his	25523
Now , investigators are scrutinizing a widening circle of the friends and aides .	Now , investigators are scrutinizing a widening circle of his friends and aides .	det_poss:the:his	25524
When Truman Capote had the party , it gave it a psychic charge .	When Truman Capote had his party , it gave it a psychic charge .	det_poss:the:his	25525
I was not happy with the decision , but she would not budge .	I was not happy with her decision , but she would not budge .	det_poss:the:her	25526
Propped up in the lap are snapshots of two of the dead children .	Propped up in his lap are snapshots of two of the dead children .	det_poss:the:his	25527
" Get it off the chest then , " Ellis said .	" Get it off your chest then , " Ellis said .	det_poss:the:your	25528
And saw the friend , he was outside .	And saw my friend , he was outside .	det_poss:the:my	25529
He said the decision on Torre will be part of the decision .	He said the decision on Torre will be part of his decision .	det_poss:the:his	25530
I have a picture of Ben Bernanke right next to the bed .	I have a picture of Ben Bernanke right next to my bed .	det_poss:the:my	25531
I cannot go back to the house .	I cannot go back to my house .	det_poss:the:my	25532
It is the exit strategy for Iraq .	It is my exit strategy for Iraq .	det_poss:the:my	25533
An elderly cyclist has died from the injuries after colliding with a van .	An elderly cyclist has died from his injuries after colliding with a van .	det_poss:the:his	25534
The funeral is expected to take place today .	His funeral is expected to take place today .	det_poss:the:his	25535
The children when they are angry - they mimic me , inadvertently .	My children when they are angry - they mimic me , inadvertently .	det_poss:the:my	25536
.. He was absolved after expressing the remorse .	.. He was absolved after expressing his remorse .	det_poss:the:his	25537
I got some new appliances for the kitchen this week .	I got some new appliances for my kitchen this week .	det_poss:the:my	25538
" Sad , " Wang said when asked to describe the feelings .	" Sad , " Wang said when asked to describe his feelings .	det_poss:the:his	25539
Do you like the boards wide or narrow ?	Do you like your boards wide or narrow ?	det_poss:the:your	25540
Suddenly the influence on Antony Hegarty seems obvious .	Suddenly her influence on Antony Hegarty seems obvious .	det_poss:the:her	25541
To this day , I love the honesty of the music .	To this day , I love the honesty of his music .	det_poss:the:his	25542
I had never had so much free time in the life .	I had never had so much free time in my life .	det_poss:the:my	25543
That depends on the definition of glamour .	That depends on your definition of glamour .	det_poss:the:your	25544
Then Reed made the mistake , and Favre was enjoying a strange victory .	Then Reed made his mistake , and Favre was enjoying a strange victory .	det_poss:the:his	25545
Raise the children however you 'd like .	Raise your children however you 'd like .	det_poss:the:your	25546
Long may the record stand .	Long may his record stand .	det_poss:the:his	25547
In it he indicated the regret at scolding Mrs Howatt 's brother .	In it he indicated his regret at scolding Mrs Howatt 's brother .	det_poss:the:his	25548
" He is the quarterback , " Miles said of Flynn .	" He is our quarterback , " Miles said of Flynn .	det_poss:the:our	25549
I had lived the life according to Mr Prescott 's tenets .	I had lived my life according to Mr Prescott 's tenets .	det_poss:the:my	25550
Laursen may yet have to eat the words .	Laursen may yet have to eat his words .	det_poss:the:his	25551
No , the galaxy is the Milky Way .	No , our galaxy is the Milky Way .	det_poss:the:our	25552
Schneider was appointed to the post two weeks ago .	Schneider was appointed to his post two weeks ago .	det_poss:the:his	25553
That is another part of the story , you could say .	That is another part of my story , you could say .	det_poss:the:my	25554
The energy and focus is reflected in several important initiatives .	Our energy and focus is reflected in several important initiatives .	det_poss:the:our	25555
He was always courteous to the staff and concerned for their welfare .	He was always courteous to his staff and concerned for their welfare .	det_poss:the:his	25556
The license to practice medicine was revoked in 1980 .	His license to practice medicine was revoked in 1980 .	det_poss:the:his	25557
... The son is interested in designing video games .	... My son is interested in designing video games .	det_poss:the:my	25558
The cancer was diagnosed in 2005 and recurred this year .	Her cancer was diagnosed in 2005 and recurred this year .	det_poss:the:her	25559
We chatted about the work , my work , our kids .	We chatted about his work , my work , our kids .	det_poss:the:his	25560
Detective Superintendent Tero Haapala said Auvinen had apparently selected the victims at random .	Detective Superintendent Tero Haapala said Auvinen had apparently selected his victims at random .	det_poss:the:his	25561
But the idea gave the pause .	But the idea gave her pause .	det_poss:the:her	25562
" The horse had a lot of speed , " he agreed .	" My horse had a lot of speed , " he agreed .	det_poss:the:my	25563
" One channel called the treatment " outrageous .	" One channel called his treatment " outrageous .	det_poss:the:his	25564
And he wields the pruners accordingly .	And he wields his pruners accordingly .	det_poss:the:his	25565
We are all Iraqis and have strong ties despite the differences .	We are all Iraqis and have strong ties despite our differences .	det_poss:the:our	25566
He denied that race played a role in the decision .	He denied that race played a role in his decision .	det_poss:the:his	25567
The product life cycle is reaching an end .	Her product life cycle is reaching an end .	det_poss:the:her	25568
Afterwards , Djokovic admitted he worried during the match about the fitness level .	Afterwards , Djokovic admitted he worried during the match about his fitness level .	det_poss:the:his	25569
And at the end of the life you 'll have no shame .	And at the end of your life you 'll have no shame .	det_poss:the:your	25570
" He was and is the soul mate , " Kelly said .	" He was and is my soul mate , " Kelly said .	det_poss:the:my	25571
I did not want the visitors to get lost .	I did not want my visitors to get lost .	det_poss:the:my	25572
He worried about the level of interest .	He worried about her level of interest .	det_poss:the:her	25573
United States Naval Academy But this is only the opinion .	United States Naval Academy But this is only my opinion .	det_poss:the:my	25574
" " It is not within the jurisdiction .	" " It is not within our jurisdiction .	det_poss:the:our	25575
Now it is part of the life .	Now it is part of my life .	det_poss:the:my	25576
The hamstring injury is more severe than Randle El 's .	His hamstring injury is more severe than Randle El 's .	det_poss:the:his	25577
But the proposals were shelved by the planners .	But his proposals were shelved by the planners .	det_poss:the:his	25578
Have you had to change the travel arrangements ?	Have you had to change your travel arrangements ?	det_poss:the:your	25579
For additional information , please visit the website or call 800-930-6040 .	For additional information , please visit our website or call 800-930-6040 .	det_poss:the:our	25580
The fans know I speak from the heart .	My fans know I speak from the heart .	det_poss:the:my	25581
St. Martin cuts the cloak in half and shares it with the man .	St. Martin cuts his cloak in half and shares it with the man .	det_poss:the:his	25582
The body was found dumped in the street a few days later .	His body was found dumped in the street a few days later .	det_poss:the:his	25583
What if lawmakers forced us to bury 95 percent of the energy resources ?	What if lawmakers forced us to bury 95 percent of our energy resources ?	det_poss:the:our	25584
" " He is got the respect .	" " He is got my respect .	det_poss:the:my	25585
Afterward , he glued the eyelids shut .	Afterward , he glued her eyelids shut .	det_poss:the:her	25586
The decision to sue the employers was difficult .	The decision to sue her employers was difficult .	det_poss:the:her	25587
As details of the death surfaced , the mystery around it grew .	As details of his death surfaced , the mystery around it grew .	det_poss:the:his	25588
Then when it is socially OK , wash the hands to avoid germs .	Then when it is socially OK , wash your hands to avoid germs .	det_poss:the:your	25589
The attorney did not immediately respond to a telephone message .	His attorney did not immediately respond to a telephone message .	det_poss:the:his	25590
I suppose it has been the insistence on doing things the traditional way .	I suppose it has been my insistence on doing things the traditional way .	det_poss:the:my	25591
The doctors switched him from Avandia to Actos because of safety concerns .	His doctors switched him from Avandia to Actos because of safety concerns .	det_poss:the:his	25592
You might be surprised at the finding but she was not .	You might be surprised at her finding but she was not .	det_poss:the:her	25593
Clinton needs to ration the obfuscations .	Clinton needs to ration her obfuscations .	det_poss:the:her	25594
Pryce barely kept the seat in the midterm election .	Pryce barely kept her seat in the midterm election .	det_poss:the:her	25595
Can the phone take pictures ?	Can your phone take pictures ?	det_poss:the:your	25596
He told the story about the G. G. interview .	He told his story about the G. G. interview .	det_poss:the:his	25597
The shooting of Booth and the trial of the conspirators will be explained .	The shooting of Booth and the trial of his conspirators will be explained .	det_poss:the:his	25598
Please keep the daughter safe .	Please keep my daughter safe .	det_poss:the:my	25599
Do you know the papa 's middle name ?	Do you know your papa 's middle name ?	det_poss:the:your	25600
Last week , the mugshot was still there .	Last week , his mugshot was still there .	det_poss:the:his	25601
'Can you hit him up on the BlackBerry ?	'Can you hit him up on his BlackBerry ?	det_poss:the:his	25602
The cause was congestive heart failure , said the daughter , Susan Gantt .	The cause was congestive heart failure , said his daughter , Susan Gantt .	det_poss:the:his	25603
That would be pinnacle of the career definitely .	That would be pinnacle of my career definitely .	det_poss:the:my	25604
Larger companies will have tools to help you narrow the search .	Larger companies will have tools to help you narrow your search .	det_poss:the:your	25605
Of course , Mukasey must make the mark at Justice first .	Of course , Mukasey must make his mark at Justice first .	det_poss:the:his	25606
The children get furious when I say that .	My children get furious when I say that .	det_poss:the:my	25607
I left the Prophet 's Mosque with a smile on the face .	I left the Prophet 's Mosque with a smile on my face .	det_poss:the:my	25608
The crisis will go down in history for different reasons .	Our crisis will go down in history for different reasons .	det_poss:the:our	25609
Don 't quit the day job , governor .	Don 't quit your day job , governor .	det_poss:the:your	25610
If I close the eyes it sounds like a show on Animal Planet .	If I close my eyes it sounds like a show on Animal Planet .	det_poss:the:my	25611
That and the support in the Chicago area gave him an overwhelming victory .	That and his support in the Chicago area gave him an overwhelming victory .	det_poss:the:his	25612
They work best if you start an hour before the cramps hit .	They work best if you start an hour before your cramps hit .	det_poss:the:your	25613
You do not want to convert the car and then scramble for fuel .	You do not want to convert your car and then scramble for fuel .	det_poss:the:your	25614
He was charged by police and had the car keys taken off him .	He was charged by police and had his car keys taken off him .	det_poss:the:his	25615
Of course , she features the trademark papier-mâché puppets .	Of course , she features her trademark papier-mâché puppets .	det_poss:the:her	25616
We are out of the league , influencing systems we do not understand .	We are out of our league , influencing systems we do not understand .	det_poss:the:our	25617
Angel always has been trying to get the best out of the talent .	Angel always has been trying to get the best out of his talent .	det_poss:the:his	25618
But few argue with the style .	But few argue with her style .	det_poss:the:her	25619
We had to take the chances and overall we deserved the victory .	We had to take our chances and overall we deserved the victory .	det_poss:the:our	25620
But the government supported the Taliban in Afghanistan in the 1990s .	But her government supported the Taliban in Afghanistan in the 1990s .	det_poss:the:her	25621
You do , and discover joys you thought beyond the reach .	You do , and discover joys you thought beyond your reach .	det_poss:the:your	25622
¶ If the insurance plan limits the number of visits to certain specialists .	¶ If your insurance plan limits the number of visits to certain specialists .	det_poss:the:your	25623
The White House pressed Craig to stick to the plan to resign .	The White House pressed Craig to stick to his plan to resign .	det_poss:the:his	25624
Surprised to see the byline here , aren 't you ?	Surprised to see my byline here , aren 't you ?	det_poss:the:my	25625
The breasts were lovely , though .	My breasts were lovely , though .	det_poss:the:my	25626
Mary becomes the mother of the son .	Mary becomes the mother of his son .	det_poss:the:his	25627
G. G. had promised him a full hour on the show .	G. G. had promised him a full hour on his show .	det_poss:the:his	25628
The challenge is to see Irishness in all its complexities .	Our challenge is to see Irishness in all its complexities .	det_poss:the:our	25629
He dipped the face in the water and blew bubbles .	He dipped his face in the water and blew bubbles .	det_poss:the:his	25630
A makeshift bomb exploded near the vehicle in Bagram , Afghanistan .	A makeshift bomb exploded near his vehicle in Bagram , Afghanistan .	det_poss:the:his	25631
BOSTON - Baltimore manager Dave Trembley blew the stack .	BOSTON - Baltimore manager Dave Trembley blew his stack .	det_poss:the:his	25632
The hands began to move , and he once again began to breath .	His hands began to move , and he once again began to breath .	det_poss:the:his	25633
After , I go home and I rest and I watch the programmes .	After , I go home and I rest and I watch my programmes .	det_poss:the:my	25634
Ms. Barnes has pulled a fast one on the audience .	Ms. Barnes has pulled a fast one on her audience .	det_poss:the:her	25635
WHAT is the task ?	WHAT is our task ?	det_poss:the:our	25636
A woman serving as an office assistant presents Kalani with the glasses .	A woman serving as an office assistant presents Kalani with his glasses .	det_poss:the:his	25637
The game was rusty , but his attitude was not .	His game was rusty , but his attitude was not .	det_poss:the:his	25638
He said the company will sell about 400 pools this year .	He said his company will sell about 400 pools this year .	det_poss:the:his	25639
The hometown was not available late Wednesday .	Her hometown was not available late Wednesday .	det_poss:the:her	25640
Here are some tips for using the Internet for the job search .	Here are some tips for using the Internet for your job search .	det_poss:the:your	25641
I was able to throw strikes and able to make the pitches .	I was able to throw strikes and able to make my pitches .	det_poss:the:my	25642
How does the foundation circumvent this in its programs ?	How does your foundation circumvent this in its programs ?	det_poss:the:your	25643
Enjoy the hunger .	Enjoy your hunger .	det_poss:the:your	25644
As it turned out , he liked the action moves .	As it turned out , he liked my action moves .	det_poss:the:my	25645
Is the gut quiet or active ?	Is your gut quiet or active ?	det_poss:the:your	25646
We have changed the party to face the modern world .	We have changed our party to face the modern world .	det_poss:the:our	25647
After the hunt , she figures she can endure anything .	After her hunt , she figures she can endure anything .	det_poss:the:her	25648
But a bagel can add up to 500 calories to the diet .	But a bagel can add up to 500 calories to your diet .	det_poss:the:your	25649
If so , how has it impacted his or the life ?	If so , how has it impacted his or her life ?	det_poss:the:her	25650
Cosgrove told police he was concerned for the safety after hearing the messages .	Cosgrove told police he was concerned for his safety after hearing the messages .	det_poss:the:his	25651
What is in the handbag ?	What is in your handbag ?	det_poss:the:your	25652
Gary remained calm during the diatribe .	Gary remained calm during my diatribe .	det_poss:the:my	25653
( AP ) - Master P has not just cleaned up the act .	( AP ) - Master P has not just cleaned up his act .	det_poss:the:his	25654
Yet the lectures remain available as audio files in cyberspace .	Yet his lectures remain available as audio files in cyberspace .	det_poss:the:his	25655
Thomas was fired a year later , but the bond with Jones endured .	Thomas was fired a year later , but his bond with Jones endured .	det_poss:the:his	25656
The ex-wife , Rita , he says , received his Senate pension .	His ex-wife , Rita , he says , received his Senate pension .	det_poss:the:his	25657
We did not go around the room and share the feelings .	We did not go around the room and share our feelings .	det_poss:the:our	25658
Ms. Palomino has spoken to the grandson only by phone .	Ms. Palomino has spoken to her grandson only by phone .	det_poss:the:her	25659
Carey dropped out of college after the suicide attempt .	Carey dropped out of college after his suicide attempt .	det_poss:the:his	25660
Two years later , the Gossamer Albatross crossed the English Channel .	Two years later , his Gossamer Albatross crossed the English Channel .	det_poss:the:his	25661
It is believed she then took the dog for a walk .	It is believed she then took her dog for a walk .	det_poss:the:her	25662
It is the equivalent of the Victorian black dress .	It is my equivalent of the Victorian black dress .	det_poss:the:my	25663
He never testified , but was imprisoned still protesting the innocence .	He never testified , but was imprisoned still protesting his innocence .	det_poss:the:his	25664
Then he seemed to have made up the mind .	Then he seemed to have made up his mind .	det_poss:the:his	25665
, who improved the career Breeders ' Cup record to 3-3 .	, who improved his career Breeders ' Cup record to 3-3 .	det_poss:the:his	25666
Even the kids know not to mess with mom .	Even her kids know not to mess with mom .	det_poss:the:her	25667
Stay in the house .	Stay in your house .	det_poss:the:your	25668
It was always in the back of the mind .	It was always in the back of his mind .	det_poss:the:his	25669
Not that he feels sorry for himself or solicits the pity .	Not that he feels sorry for himself or solicits our pity .	det_poss:the:our	25670
The will has been the same for 10 years .	His will has been the same for 10 years .	det_poss:the:his	25671
The body was cremated at the detention center , the group said .	His body was cremated at the detention center , the group said .	det_poss:the:his	25672
Officials pulled the security clearances and placed the facility on lockdown .	Officials pulled his security clearances and placed the facility on lockdown .	det_poss:the:his	25673
I am doing the job .	I am doing my job .	det_poss:the:my	25674
From what you say , it seems that the family specializes in drama .	From what you say , it seems that your family specializes in drama .	det_poss:the:your	25675
She is wiser and is always looking to expand the game .	She is wiser and is always looking to expand her game .	det_poss:the:her	25676
She found the hand and gave it a squeeze under the covers .	She found my hand and gave it a squeeze under the covers .	det_poss:the:my	25677
The total is 12-under 198 .	His total is 12-under 198 .	det_poss:the:his	25678
It is a dangerous view , in the view .	It is a dangerous view , in my view .	det_poss:the:my	25679
Wednesday , Smith broke into the basement of the home , Kennedy said .	Wednesday , Smith broke into the basement of his home , Kennedy said .	det_poss:the:his	25680
Just hope the name is not in it .	Just hope your name is not in it .	det_poss:the:your	25681
It is part of the story .	It is part of his story .	det_poss:the:his	25682
As a young child I was very secure in the salvation .	As a young child I was very secure in my salvation .	det_poss:the:my	25683
Daniel Tani , the replacement , wore a black eye patch .	Daniel Tani , his replacement , wore a black eye patch .	det_poss:the:his	25684
If the game remains good , I can go for more wins .	If my game remains good , I can go for more wins .	det_poss:the:my	25685
Children from the Kinokuni Children 's Village have since come regularly to Scotland .	Children from his Kinokuni Children 's Village have since come regularly to Scotland .	det_poss:the:his	25686
I am so sorry that you have lost custody of the babies .	I am so sorry that you have lost custody of your babies .	det_poss:the:your	25687
Yeager gets more and more frustrated with the questions .	Yeager gets more and more frustrated with my questions .	det_poss:the:my	25688
He wanted a vest to keep the shirt from coming loose .	He wanted a vest to keep his shirt from coming loose .	det_poss:the:his	25689
He hopes the break will provide insights into the career trajectory .	He hopes the break will provide insights into his career trajectory .	det_poss:the:his	25690
Then he settled into the basement to monitor its debut .	Then he settled into his basement to monitor its debut .	det_poss:the:his	25691
The administration strongly supports the commission 's recommendations .	My administration strongly supports the commission 's recommendations .	det_poss:the:my	25692
Me and the friends cared .	Me and my friends cared .	det_poss:the:my	25693
With that , let me yield to the distinguished secretary for the response .	With that , let me yield to the distinguished secretary for her response .	det_poss:the:her	25694
Mr. Flowers is apparently hedging the bets , however .	Mr. Flowers is apparently hedging his bets , however .	det_poss:the:his	25695
Most of all , they talked about the love of the game .	Most of all , they talked about his love of the game .	det_poss:the:his	25696
When she returned to the office , the phones were ringing .	When she returned to the office , her phones were ringing .	det_poss:the:her	25697
The approval rating is close to 70 % .	Her approval rating is close to 70 % .	det_poss:the:her	25698
Grow the hair .	Grow your hair .	det_poss:the:your	25699
... The chasm swallowed the light from both the lamps .	... The chasm swallowed the light from both our lamps .	det_poss:the:our	25700
But it does not mean the house is dirty .	But it does not mean her house is dirty .	det_poss:the:her	25701
The supporters say his real crime was blowing the whistle on local polluters .	His supporters say his real crime was blowing the whistle on local polluters .	det_poss:the:his	25702
The defense team maintains that Clarkson accidentally shot herself .	His defense team maintains that Clarkson accidentally shot herself .	det_poss:the:his	25703
Float on the backs , Mr. Boscarino said , feet first .	Float on your backs , Mr. Boscarino said , feet first .	det_poss:the:your	25704
They say the inventions are unlikely to leave the realm of science fiction .	They say his inventions are unlikely to leave the realm of science fiction .	det_poss:the:his	25705
Ms. Rubin found other ways to express the gratitude .	Ms. Rubin found other ways to express her gratitude .	det_poss:the:her	25706
Coleman and the girlfriend told police that the shooting was an accident .	Coleman and his girlfriend told police that the shooting was an accident .	det_poss:the:his	25707
The health is deteriorating .	His health is deteriorating .	det_poss:the:his	25708
When that happens the personality does not split , it shatters .	When that happens your personality does not split , it shatters .	det_poss:the:your	25709
The raft leader was a young Frenchman called Jeremie .	Our raft leader was a young Frenchman called Jeremie .	det_poss:the:our	25710
We believe the religion , but you have to obey .	We believe your religion , but you have to obey .	det_poss:the:your	25711
Mr. Giuliani was all confidence when asked about the chances in the state .	Mr. Giuliani was all confidence when asked about his chances in the state .	det_poss:the:his	25712
The departure elicited a particularly strong response from Democrats in Nebraska .	His departure elicited a particularly strong response from Democrats in Nebraska .	det_poss:the:his	25713
He has yet to give the reasons .	He has yet to give his reasons .	det_poss:the:his	25714
The aim is not to pick out individual bad guys .	My aim is not to pick out individual bad guys .	det_poss:the:my	25715
He said the condition was stable .	He said her condition was stable .	det_poss:the:her	25716
Feeling unwell , he asked the doctor what the problem was .	Feeling unwell , he asked his doctor what the problem was .	det_poss:the:his	25717
The power of misanthropy in the culture is underrated .	The power of misanthropy in our culture is underrated .	det_poss:the:our	25718
He lived for five days after the helicopter crashed in Nam .	He lived for five days after his helicopter crashed in Nam .	det_poss:the:his	25719
We throw the heads back with a conquering laugh .	We throw our heads back with a conquering laugh .	det_poss:the:our	25720
Neither were the dogs .	Neither were my dogs .	det_poss:the:my	25721
¬ You 're familiar with this from anything else in the experiences ?	¬ You 're familiar with this from anything else in your experiences ?	det_poss:the:your	25722
We will always remain grateful for the service .	We will always remain grateful for his service .	det_poss:the:his	25723
How else could you fill the time ?	How else could you fill your time ?	det_poss:the:your	25724
This speaks of the Argentine people 's confidence in the leadership .	This speaks of the Argentine people 's confidence in your leadership .	det_poss:the:your	25725
Ken 's shirt is open halfway down the chest .	Ken 's shirt is open halfway down his chest .	det_poss:the:his	25726
He ordered the officers out of the home .	He ordered the officers out of his home .	det_poss:the:his	25727
If the bank is failing , you probably will not know about it .	If your bank is failing , you probably will not know about it .	det_poss:the:your	25728
Have you ever watched a full game on the DVR ?	Have you ever watched a full game on your DVR ?	det_poss:the:your	25729
Better yet , bring the guests along .	Better yet , bring your guests along .	det_poss:the:your	25730
Killing and capturing terrorists keeps them at bay and protects the people .	Killing and capturing terrorists keeps them at bay and protects our people .	det_poss:the:our	25731
Tayside Police said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the death .	Tayside Police said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding his death .	det_poss:the:his	25732
I am having real trouble reconciling the views .	I am having real trouble reconciling my views .	det_poss:the:my	25733
I have never forgotten the words .	I have never forgotten his words .	det_poss:the:his	25734
It was there at the ranch where Nate Jaqua developed the soccer skills .	It was there at the ranch where Nate Jaqua developed his soccer skills .	det_poss:the:his	25735
Do the job .	Do your job .	det_poss:the:your	25736
The man is being treated in hospital for the injuries .	The man is being treated in hospital for his injuries .	det_poss:the:his	25737
But since the fall , chaos has reigned on the streets .	But since his fall , chaos has reigned on the streets .	det_poss:the:his	25738
" The success made the marriage blow apart , " Jo said .	" Her success made the marriage blow apart , " Jo said .	det_poss:the:her	25739
North-south divide Custer 's 1876 testimony cost him the command .	North-south divide Custer 's 1876 testimony cost him his command .	det_poss:the:his	25740
The chores helped the farm succeed .	His chores helped the farm succeed .	det_poss:the:his	25741
The take on fashion has also caught on with women .	His take on fashion has also caught on with women .	det_poss:the:his	25742
" The sisters said , ' Mommy just spoke .	" My sisters said , ' Mommy just spoke .	det_poss:the:my	25743
I book the air and hotels in advance .	I book my air and hotels in advance .	det_poss:the:my	25744
Click here to see Thompson 's remarks about the friend .	Click here to see Thompson 's remarks about his friend .	det_poss:the:his	25745
Guard Andrew Crummey spent part of the day on an operating table .	Guard Andrew Crummey spent part of his day on an operating table .	det_poss:the:his	25746
But the gamble failed .	But his gamble failed .	det_poss:the:his	25747
I wrote about some of the comments in this post .	I wrote about some of his comments in this post .	det_poss:the:his	25748
It is a range of programmes that impact on standards in the schools .	It is a range of programmes that impact on standards in our schools .	det_poss:the:our	25749
Somebody should get in the ear and make sure he understands .	Somebody should get in his ear and make sure he understands .	det_poss:the:his	25750
Dutt was earlier expected to receive the court order on September 27 .	Dutt was earlier expected to receive his court order on September 27 .	det_poss:the:his	25751
Sometimes the children need to be spanked .	Sometimes your children need to be spanked .	det_poss:the:your	25752
The government did not want non-African military specialists in the predominantly African force .	His government did not want non-African military specialists in the predominantly African force .	det_poss:the:his	25753
But Milledge said neither incident was the cause of the argument with Joyce .	But Milledge said neither incident was the cause of his argument with Joyce .	det_poss:the:his	25754
The kickoff return , however , did not stray far from the mind .	The kickoff return , however , did not stray far from his mind .	det_poss:the:his	25755
Keep the chin up .	Keep your chin up .	det_poss:the:your	25756
That was a statement of the determination to lead a greener government .	That was a statement of his determination to lead a greener government .	det_poss:the:his	25757
id = 1810632007 But she found the progress blocked by Vice President Cheney .	id = 1810632007 But she found her progress blocked by Vice President Cheney .	det_poss:the:her	25758
The speech helped carry the Giants for a week in the 2007 season .	His speech helped carry the Giants for a week in the 2007 season .	det_poss:the:his	25759
He also offered a brief joke about the Mormonism .	He also offered a brief joke about his Mormonism .	det_poss:the:his	25760
I cannot go out and run and play catch with the grandkids .	I cannot go out and run and play catch with my grandkids .	det_poss:the:my	25761
We are quite lucky because the same things spark the excitement .	We are quite lucky because the same things spark our excitement .	det_poss:the:our	25762
The anonymity may , however , be shattered for a second time .	Her anonymity may , however , be shattered for a second time .	det_poss:the:her	25763
Girlfriends saved the day .	Girlfriends saved my day .	det_poss:the:my	25764
The positions surprised many of the colleagues .	The positions surprised many of his colleagues .	det_poss:the:his	25765
Do you really need the pocket knife for this trip ?	Do you really need your pocket knife for this trip ?	det_poss:the:your	25766
Get a look in the Salvador studio .	Get a look in his Salvador studio .	det_poss:the:his	25767
Shenk : You have to follow the instincts .	Shenk : You have to follow your instincts .	det_poss:the:your	25768
We will co-operate with the neighbours in defeating this threat .	We will co-operate with our neighbours in defeating this threat .	det_poss:the:our	25769
That seems quite a gamble , at the age .	That seems quite a gamble , at my age .	det_poss:the:my	25770
Since erecting the turbine , he is become a local celebrity of sorts .	Since erecting his turbine , he is become a local celebrity of sorts .	det_poss:the:his	25771
Five dollars appears to be the spending limit .	Five dollars appears to be his spending limit .	det_poss:the:his	25772
The involvement came about in a typical Zoe connect-the-dots way .	Her involvement came about in a typical Zoe connect-the-dots way .	det_poss:the:her	25773
He was asked about people saying the scandal would taint the record .	He was asked about people saying the scandal would taint his record .	det_poss:the:his	25774
Doctors used ear cartilage to help build the nose back up .	Doctors used ear cartilage to help build her nose back up .	det_poss:the:her	25775
How would he like it if someone showed up at the house unannounced ?	How would he like it if someone showed up at his house unannounced ?	det_poss:the:his	25776
He also restated the call to allow the longer detention of terror suspects .	He also restated his call to allow the longer detention of terror suspects .	det_poss:the:his	25777
We need the players to come through , as does England .	We need our players to come through , as does England .	det_poss:the:our	25778
And the roommate Lee Ann loves to see me .	And her roommate Lee Ann loves to see me .	det_poss:the:her	25779
Spitzer said overwhelming public opposition led to the decision .	Spitzer said overwhelming public opposition led to his decision .	det_poss:the:his	25780
Schmidt has not been shy about the vision for the mobile market .	Schmidt has not been shy about his vision for the mobile market .	det_poss:the:his	25781
This was fundamentally the strength .	This was fundamentally his strength .	det_poss:the:his	25782
The love of adventure is down to his sailor grandfather .	His love of adventure is down to his sailor grandfather .	det_poss:the:his	25783
Here 's the name of the boyfriend .	Here 's the name of her boyfriend .	det_poss:the:her	25784
The gut feeling is that it is primarily for political reasons .	My gut feeling is that it is primarily for political reasons .	det_poss:the:my	25785
" The voice sounded weird on the phone , " Candace recalled .	" His voice sounded weird on the phone , " Candace recalled .	det_poss:the:his	25786
" We are making efforts to accommodate the customers , " McCarthy said .	" We are making efforts to accommodate our customers , " McCarthy said .	det_poss:the:our	25787
Construction cranes hang over the roof .	Construction cranes hang over her roof .	det_poss:the:her	25788
NE to house the eight-year-old gallery that bears the name .	NE to house the eight-year-old gallery that bears her name .	det_poss:the:her	25789
" The life is on hold , " she said .	" His life is on hold , " she said .	det_poss:the:his	25790
Timberlake could not attend the event , but accepted the award via satellite .	Timberlake could not attend the event , but accepted his award via satellite .	det_poss:the:his	25791
The Crane is a good-humored and highly stylized scalawag .	His Crane is a good-humored and highly stylized scalawag .	det_poss:the:his	25792
He says he will end the war in Iraq during the presidency .	He says he will end the war in Iraq during his presidency .	det_poss:the:his	25793
I cannot , because of the color of the skin .	I cannot , because of the color of my skin .	det_poss:the:my	25794
The death was confirmed by her daughter Barbara Moorman .	Her death was confirmed by her daughter Barbara Moorman .	det_poss:the:her	25795
The character building worked .	His character building worked .	det_poss:the:his	25796
I cannot get the mind around that .	I cannot get my mind around that .	det_poss:the:my	25797
You did not weasel the way out of stuff .	You did not weasel your way out of stuff .	det_poss:the:your	25798
I knew it did not have anything to do with the arm strength .	I knew it did not have anything to do with my arm strength .	det_poss:the:my	25799
It was there he conducted the work with HPV .	It was there he conducted his work with HPV .	det_poss:the:his	25800
She does the homework ; she does not do gaffes .	She does her homework ; she does not do gaffes .	det_poss:the:her	25801
Real men pumped gas and washed the bird stuff off the windshield .	Real men pumped gas and washed the bird stuff off your windshield .	det_poss:the:your	25802
You may bristle at the teen 's hip-hop tunes .	You may bristle at your teen 's hip-hop tunes .	det_poss:the:your	25803
Iannacone first heard about the ritual from the godfather .	Iannacone first heard about the ritual from his godfather .	det_poss:the:his	25804
Napoleon Bonaparte owed the life to a nameless Newfoundland .	Napoleon Bonaparte owed his life to a nameless Newfoundland .	det_poss:the:his	25805
" I am helping out the neighbor , " he said .	" I am helping out my neighbor , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	25806
" The mind has not drifted that far yet , " said McLeish .	" My mind has not drifted that far yet , " said McLeish .	det_poss:the:my	25807
Should we talk to the boss about ?	Should we talk to our boss about ?	det_poss:the:our	25808
The president does not take the options off the table .	The president does not take his options off the table .	det_poss:the:his	25809
Grow The Family Tree Well , for many bibliophiles , a lot .	Grow Your Family Tree Well , for many bibliophiles , a lot .	det_poss:the:your	25810
The Ambassador expressed similar concerns about the human rights situation in the country .	The Ambassador expressed similar concerns about the human rights situation in his country .	det_poss:the:his	25811
I love him and the marriage .	I love him and my marriage .	det_poss:the:my	25812
Steinbrenner is frustrated the team has not won the World Series since 2000 .	Steinbrenner is frustrated his team has not won the World Series since 2000 .	det_poss:the:his	25813
Where will you go next with the research ?	Where will you go next with your research ?	det_poss:the:your	25814
But Schilling was 26 then , and the legend was still being shaped .	But Schilling was 26 then , and his legend was still being shaped .	det_poss:the:his	25815
I told him it is not the fault .	I told him it is not her fault .	det_poss:the:her	25816
Tell us how the week was .	Tell us how your week was .	det_poss:the:your	25817
But there are glimmers of hope for the rivals .	But there are glimmers of hope for her rivals .	det_poss:the:her	25818
So imagine what 's happening to the economy .	So imagine what 's happening to our economy .	det_poss:the:our	25819
He went on to jokingly taunt Mr. Kravis into buying the firm .	He went on to jokingly taunt Mr. Kravis into buying his firm .	det_poss:the:his	25820
Three of the colleagues remained in the burning premises as the roof collapsed .	Three of his colleagues remained in the burning premises as the roof collapsed .	det_poss:the:his	25821
" The aunt and uncle are clearly civilians , " he said .	" My aunt and uncle are clearly civilians , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	25822
McNabb had faced questions all week about the future in Philadelphia .	McNabb had faced questions all week about his future in Philadelphia .	det_poss:the:his	25823
I was working , seeing the friends , traveling .	I was working , seeing my friends , traveling .	det_poss:the:my	25824
You cannot fight it ; worse , you are compelled against the will .	You cannot fight it ; worse , you are compelled against your will .	det_poss:the:your	25825
She held the band up to the eyes .	She held the band up to her eyes .	det_poss:the:her	25826
Even John Edwards has betrayed a few microscopic wrinkles around the doe eyes .	Even John Edwards has betrayed a few microscopic wrinkles around his doe eyes .	det_poss:the:his	25827
It is unclear if Musharraf was inside the office at the time .	It is unclear if Musharraf was inside his office at the time .	det_poss:the:his	25828
Chris Ervin is renewing the lease at the Kirkway Apartments outside Detroit .	Chris Ervin is renewing his lease at the Kirkway Apartments outside Detroit .	det_poss:the:his	25829
I finally met someone who embraced me no matter how jerky the behavior .	I finally met someone who embraced me no matter how jerky my behavior .	det_poss:the:my	25830
With single-minded determination , Sundquist refused to be limited by the disability .	With single-minded determination , Sundquist refused to be limited by his disability .	det_poss:the:his	25831
The girlhood ambition was to become a poet .	Her girlhood ambition was to become a poet .	det_poss:the:her	25832
The Europeans can get information and tell the world the demands .	The Europeans can get information and tell the world our demands .	det_poss:the:our	25833
Mr. Sarkozy has refused to speak about the collapse of the marriage .	Mr. Sarkozy has refused to speak about the collapse of his marriage .	det_poss:the:his	25834
But the researchers appeared no closer to knowing the name .	But the researchers appeared no closer to knowing his name .	det_poss:the:his	25835
I need the life to be as routine as it can be .	I need my life to be as routine as it can be .	det_poss:the:my	25836
Do the homework .	Do your homework .	det_poss:the:your	25837
Microsoft Unveils Enterprise Search Products Veizaga-Mendez performed surgery to remove the lymph nodes .	Microsoft Unveils Enterprise Search Products Veizaga-Mendez performed surgery to remove her lymph nodes .	det_poss:the:her	25838
Avery has emphysema and other ailments but says it never slowed the work .	Avery has emphysema and other ailments but says it never slowed his work .	det_poss:the:his	25839
Clinton 's campaign said the accusation is political gamesmanship that misconstrues the position .	Clinton 's campaign said the accusation is political gamesmanship that misconstrues her position .	det_poss:the:her	25840
Pay careful attention to the tax bracket .	Pay careful attention to your tax bracket .	det_poss:the:your	25841
Explore the eroticism .	Explore your eroticism .	det_poss:the:your	25842
She explained the action by saying she suspected he was having an affair .	She explained her action by saying she suspected he was having an affair .	det_poss:the:her	25843
The family described their devastation in a statement released by Scotland Yard .	His family described their devastation in a statement released by Scotland Yard .	det_poss:the:his	25844
Q. I want to decorate the bathroom with lots of glass and mirrors .	Q. I want to decorate my bathroom with lots of glass and mirrors .	det_poss:the:my	25845
, the office said in an e-mail message .	, his office said in an e-mail message .	det_poss:the:his	25846
Homeland Security 's kits feature Rex and the mountain lion family .	Homeland Security 's kits feature Rex and his mountain lion family .	det_poss:the:his	25847
Get the latest business and money news from ABC with the RSS feed .	Get the latest business and money news from ABC with our RSS feed .	det_poss:the:our	25848
The condition was described as serious but not life-threatening .	His condition was described as serious but not life-threatening .	det_poss:the:his	25849
Have the say .	Have your say .	det_poss:the:your	25850
International human rights groups have also demanded the release .	International human rights groups have also demanded his release .	det_poss:the:his	25851
The young Wilson was eager to have the say about whatever was current .	The young Wilson was eager to have his say about whatever was current .	det_poss:the:his	25852
I like to think it is in the honour .	I like to think it is in my honour .	det_poss:the:my	25853
Gravel unknots the tie and turns to April Shapley .	Gravel unknots his tie and turns to April Shapley .	det_poss:the:his	25854
It got the son an MP3 player .	It got my son an MP3 player .	det_poss:the:my	25855
Horizon - state-run daily , in French Teammates raved about the huddle presence .	Horizon - state-run daily , in French Teammates raved about his huddle presence .	det_poss:the:his	25856
It makes one doubt the motives .	It makes one doubt your motives .	det_poss:the:your	25857
SARKOZY ( puzzled ) : The philosophy is too clever !	SARKOZY ( puzzled ) : Your philosophy is too clever !	det_poss:the:your	25858
But the son found us .	But my son found us .	det_poss:the:my	25859
Early Friday , President Bush renewed the plea for Mukasey 's confirmation .	Early Friday , President Bush renewed his plea for Mukasey 's confirmation .	det_poss:the:his	25860
I ended up jumping on the bike and going home .	I ended up jumping on my bike and going home .	det_poss:the:my	25861
Someone else informed him that the team was actually relegated .	Someone else informed him that his team was actually relegated .	det_poss:the:his	25862
A motorist was killed when the car hit a wall in Suffolk .	A motorist was killed when his car hit a wall in Suffolk .	det_poss:the:his	25863
Leg raises : Lie on the floor on the back .	Leg raises : Lie on the floor on your back .	det_poss:the:your	25864
I have not got them living in the house .	I have not got them living in my house .	det_poss:the:my	25865
Beckham has been beset by injury problems since the switch to the Galaxy .	Beckham has been beset by injury problems since his switch to the Galaxy .	det_poss:the:his	25866
The marriage to William Fox ended in divorce in 1950 .	Her marriage to William Fox ended in divorce in 1950 .	det_poss:the:her	25867
So hopefully , I have got the sense of humour .	So hopefully , I have got my sense of humour .	det_poss:the:my	25868
But if the aerial is old you may need to upgrade .	But if your aerial is old you may need to upgrade .	det_poss:the:your	25869
" The brothers , " one said .	" My brothers , " one said .	det_poss:the:my	25870
Have a big party for all the family and friends ?	Have a big party for all your family and friends ?	det_poss:the:your	25871
Altruistic giving is the metaphorical bedrock of the transplant system .	Altruistic giving is the metaphorical bedrock of our transplant system .	det_poss:the:our	25872
" Then the friend said , " Google .	" Then my friend said , " Google .	det_poss:the:my	25873
Britain 's Foreign Secretary David Miliband offered the country 's assistance .	Britain 's Foreign Secretary David Miliband offered his country 's assistance .	det_poss:the:his	25874
Make the title count .	Make your title count .	det_poss:the:your	25875
You 're probably not going to get the money back .	You 're probably not going to get your money back .	det_poss:the:your	25876
Shulman also helps Puck with the books .	Shulman also helps Puck with his books .	det_poss:the:his	25877
Who knows how the albums will be distributed in the future ?	Who knows how my albums will be distributed in the future ?	det_poss:the:my	25878
But Friedel dived to the right to block the kick from Steve Howard .	But Friedel dived to his right to block the kick from Steve Howard .	det_poss:the:his	25879
However the passion seems to be striking a chord with voters .	However her passion seems to be striking a chord with voters .	det_poss:the:her	25880
Maybe this week 's bye will help Kitna find the fantasy mojo .	Maybe this week 's bye will help Kitna find his fantasy mojo .	det_poss:the:his	25881
Know the ins and outs of the websites that the children are surfing .	Know the ins and outs of the websites that your children are surfing .	det_poss:the:your	25882
The civil case underscores the defense .	The civil case underscores her defense .	det_poss:the:her	25883
I have been shaking the head at these loan products .	I have been shaking my head at these loan products .	det_poss:the:my	25884
The boss announced his resignation in a press release about the arrests .	His boss announced his resignation in a press release about the arrests .	det_poss:the:his	25885
In June , she opened the doors to Kurdish friends , she said .	In June , she opened her doors to Kurdish friends , she said .	det_poss:the:her	25886
It makes sense that it would filter into the storytelling .	It makes sense that it would filter into our storytelling .	det_poss:the:our	25887
The body was found lying by her car on 14 September .	Her body was found lying by her car on 14 September .	det_poss:the:her	25888
He summons the will .	He summons his will .	det_poss:the:his	25889
The ministry continued to sell his many tapes and books .	His ministry continued to sell his many tapes and books .	det_poss:the:his	25890
The focus is totally different .	Our focus is totally different .	det_poss:the:our	25891
It would have told me something about the character .	It would have told me something about your character .	det_poss:the:your	25892
She denied that by taking part the party would be legitimising the vote .	She denied that by taking part her party would be legitimising the vote .	det_poss:the:her	25893
She appeared dazed afterwards and was escorted to the Karachi home .	She appeared dazed afterwards and was escorted to her Karachi home .	det_poss:the:her	25894
Many of the colleagues said it would never happen .	Many of my colleagues said it would never happen .	det_poss:the:my	25895
Peterson was the duty sergeant working the night that the body was discovered .	Peterson was the duty sergeant working the night that her body was discovered .	det_poss:the:her	25896
A : One of the friends told me about the Copenhagen chef school .	A : One of my friends told me about the Copenhagen chef school .	det_poss:the:my	25897
I felt that a normal girl like the fiancée would have other chances .	I felt that a normal girl like my fiancée would have other chances .	det_poss:the:my	25898
Legal or not , that does not please the neighbors .	Legal or not , that does not please his neighbors .	det_poss:the:his	25899
The identity could not be independently confirmed .	His identity could not be independently confirmed .	det_poss:the:his	25900
People are saying the name and meaning me .	People are saying my name and meaning me .	det_poss:the:my	25901
The money 's on Keane !	My money 's on Keane !	det_poss:the:my	25902
The diary was published by her father after her death .	Her diary was published by her father after her death .	det_poss:the:her	25903
The colleague Bob Herbert described some of these examples in a recent column .	My colleague Bob Herbert described some of these examples in a recent column .	det_poss:the:my	25904
Are the names spelled correctly ?	Are your names spelled correctly ?	det_poss:the:your	25905
The father had good reasons to admonish the son .	The father had good reasons to admonish his son .	det_poss:the:his	25906
I asked why she was so dedicated to dyeing the hair .	I asked why she was so dedicated to dyeing her hair .	det_poss:the:her	25907
But we do not keep everyone apprised of every move of the investigation .	But we do not keep everyone apprised of every move of our investigation .	det_poss:the:our	25908
Schwab was lying down with a piece of paper hiding the face .	Schwab was lying down with a piece of paper hiding his face .	det_poss:the:his	25909
Michael Lewis is famous for the nonfiction narratives .	Michael Lewis is famous for his nonfiction narratives .	det_poss:the:his	25910
Insurance companies have a stranglehold on the health .	Insurance companies have a stranglehold on our health .	det_poss:the:our	25911
Now she was awake again , the bladder unbearably swollen .	Now she was awake again , her bladder unbearably swollen .	det_poss:the:her	25912
The chief judge criticized him for the management of the government .	The chief judge criticized him for his management of the government .	det_poss:the:his	25913
They sent the home .	They sent her home .	det_poss:the:her	25914
, decided not to include it in the version of the bill .	, decided not to include it in his version of the bill .	det_poss:the:his	25915
Credit will not result in a hold on the account .	Credit will not result in a hold on your account .	det_poss:the:your	25916
The job is to help those who house America .	Our job is to help those who house America .	det_poss:the:our	25917
He called it the dream instrument .	He called it his dream instrument .	det_poss:the:his	25918
It was the longest day of the 11-season career .	It was the longest day of his 11-season career .	det_poss:the:his	25919
It dehydrates you and upsets the water balance .	It dehydrates you and upsets your water balance .	det_poss:the:your	25920
I lost the strength in the leg .	I lost the strength in my leg .	det_poss:the:my	25921
She talks to the friends often .	She talks to her friends often .	det_poss:the:her	25922
The boy was making the grenades in the bedroom , Lawrence said .	The boy was making the grenades in his bedroom , Lawrence said .	det_poss:the:his	25923
Observers contrasted the approach with the hard-drinking lifestyle favoured by President Estrada .	Observers contrasted her approach with the hard-drinking lifestyle favoured by President Estrada .	det_poss:the:her	25924
The son walked up and asked for a drink .	My son walked up and asked for a drink .	det_poss:the:my	25925
The swim lasted 18 minutes and 50 seconds .	His swim lasted 18 minutes and 50 seconds .	det_poss:the:his	25926
Dig a hole under the house with the paws ?	Dig a hole under the house with our paws ?	det_poss:the:our	25927
A mother was assaulted in Jersey while out with the child .	A mother was assaulted in Jersey while out with her child .	det_poss:the:her	25928
Only three times in the career had he exceeded that mark .	Only three times in his career had he exceeded that mark .	det_poss:the:his	25929
The upbringing seems to have contributed to his down-to-earth sensibility .	His upbringing seems to have contributed to his down-to-earth sensibility .	det_poss:the:his	25930
Here are the favorites .	Here are our favorites .	det_poss:the:our	25931
You should only leave the pet at a facility you can trust .	You should only leave your pet at a facility you can trust .	det_poss:the:your	25932
But did he overstep the authority ?	But did he overstep his authority ?	det_poss:the:his	25933
Anyway , thank you all for the hospitality .	Anyway , thank you all for your hospitality .	det_poss:the:your	25934
PULCINI This kind of family is so foreign to the worlds .	PULCINI This kind of family is so foreign to our worlds .	det_poss:the:our	25935
We had to do the jobs to extend it , and we did .	We had to do our jobs to extend it , and we did .	det_poss:the:our	25936
Kaufman is renowned for doing the homework .	Kaufman is renowned for doing his homework .	det_poss:the:his	25937
" " I am happy to be back to the home land .	" " I am happy to be back to my home land .	det_poss:the:my	25938
But because of the clay in the nature , it does .	But because of the clay in our nature , it does .	det_poss:the:our	25939
The promise is to provide you with the tools to do that .	My promise is to provide you with the tools to do that .	det_poss:the:my	25940
But he keeps injecting fresh inflections into the signature drone .	But he keeps injecting fresh inflections into his signature drone .	det_poss:the:his	25941
She said that 5,000 members of the party had already been detained .	She said that 5,000 members of her party had already been detained .	det_poss:the:her	25942
Hey , they cried , that is the tune !	Hey , they cried , that is our tune !	det_poss:the:our	25943
I am trying to explain what recession and inflation mean to the kids .	I am trying to explain what recession and inflation mean to my kids .	det_poss:the:my	25944
But Mr. Young has also regularly combed through the archives .	But Mr. Young has also regularly combed through his archives .	det_poss:the:his	25945
Riley said he believes you cannot police the way out of crime .	Riley said he believes you cannot police your way out of crime .	det_poss:the:your	25946
Someone does pay for the products .	Someone does pay for our products .	det_poss:the:our	25947
The second problem is , in the book , the more serious one .	The second problem is , in my book , the more serious one .	det_poss:the:my	25948
You know , we are out here 24 / 7 risking the lives .	You know , we are out here 24 / 7 risking our lives .	det_poss:the:our	25949
The approval rating is 65 percent .	His approval rating is 65 percent .	det_poss:the:his	25950
Ducasse often talks about bringing the cuisine to great heights .	Ducasse often talks about bringing his cuisine to great heights .	det_poss:the:his	25951
The sense of daring , many agreed , exceeded Mr. Castelli 's .	Her sense of daring , many agreed , exceeded Mr. Castelli 's .	det_poss:the:her	25952
" That is the playoff , " Hunter said .	" That is our playoff , " Hunter said .	det_poss:the:our	25953
The problems have been off the field .	His problems have been off the field .	det_poss:the:his	25954
I could not turn the back on that .	I could not turn my back on that .	det_poss:the:my	25955
Use a meat thermometer to ensure the food is thoroughly cooked .	Use a meat thermometer to ensure your food is thoroughly cooked .	det_poss:the:your	25956
She says she searched the Internet for diet recipes during the break .	She says she searched the Internet for diet recipes during her break .	det_poss:the:her	25957
After a few more days , he gives in and sells the business .	After a few more days , he gives in and sells his business .	det_poss:the:his	25958
Q : Does Sir Mick feel he deserves the knighthood ?	Q : Does Sir Mick feel he deserves his knighthood ?	det_poss:the:his	25959
They took the picture .	They took my picture .	det_poss:the:my	25960
After numerous cardioversions , the heart is responding to anti-arrhthymic meds .	After numerous cardioversions , my heart is responding to anti-arrhthymic meds .	det_poss:the:my	25961
There is a lot of funk in the songs .	There is a lot of funk in her songs .	det_poss:the:her	25962
The attitudes and his behavior on dogfighting were formed over many years .	His attitudes and his behavior on dogfighting were formed over many years .	det_poss:the:his	25963
The camp is not saying .	Her camp is not saying .	det_poss:the:her	25964
" " The thoughts are with the family and friends of Mr Idris .	" " Our thoughts are with the family and friends of Mr Idris .	det_poss:the:our	25965
The hotel has eight-inch walls between rooms .	His hotel has eight-inch walls between rooms .	det_poss:the:his	25966
I know what schools I want for the children .	I know what schools I want for my children .	det_poss:the:my	25967
You could poke the eye out with one of those things !	You could poke your eye out with one of those things !	det_poss:the:your	25968
The team does not .	Our team does not .	det_poss:the:our	25969
Others show the corpse propped up , eyes wide open .	Others show his corpse propped up , eyes wide open .	det_poss:the:his	25970
Instead , the Glasgow is full of characters .	Instead , my Glasgow is full of characters .	det_poss:the:my	25971
When will you be ready to talk about the plans ?	When will you be ready to talk about your plans ?	det_poss:the:your	25972
A skit last week appeared to demonstrate the feelings about the situation .	A skit last week appeared to demonstrate his feelings about the situation .	det_poss:the:his	25973
Two days later he ended the role as mediator .	Two days later he ended his role as mediator .	det_poss:the:his	25974
And I have set big goals for the presidency .	And I have set big goals for my presidency .	det_poss:the:my	25975
BLUNT : I did not write and record the album for a critic .	BLUNT : I did not write and record my album for a critic .	det_poss:the:my	25976
Namco continues to give the copy editor fits with .	Namco continues to give my copy editor fits with .	det_poss:the:my	25977
We had to play on the heels .	We had to play on our heels .	det_poss:the:our	25978
The core audience is older , affluent and likely to rejoin the I-man .	His core audience is older , affluent and likely to rejoin the I-man .	det_poss:the:his	25979
The fervour on this issue runs deeper .	Her fervour on this issue runs deeper .	det_poss:the:her	25980
Lock is the specialist position .	Lock is his specialist position .	det_poss:the:his	25981
How many you need on the aircraft is the question .	How many you need on your aircraft is the question .	det_poss:the:your	25982
The cause was stomach and colon cancer , the son Adam Klugman said .	The cause was stomach and colon cancer , her son Adam Klugman said .	det_poss:the:her	25983
So I have got to make the changes , too .	So I have got to make my changes , too .	det_poss:the:my	25984
The man was darting along the railing , flapping the coat and shouting .	The man was darting along the railing , flapping his coat and shouting .	det_poss:the:his	25985
Now the terms of reference are different .	Now our terms of reference are different .	det_poss:the:our	25986
The reservations mounted .	My reservations mounted .	det_poss:the:my	25987
When I leave for work , everyone in the house is still asleep .	When I leave for work , everyone in my house is still asleep .	det_poss:the:my	25988
" I had the doubts , " Ahmed recalled .	" I had my doubts , " Ahmed recalled .	det_poss:the:my	25989
Such an outcome , however , would clearly not have troubled the conscience .	Such an outcome , however , would clearly not have troubled his conscience .	det_poss:the:his	25990
But he has lost none of the trademark humour .	But he has lost none of his trademark humour .	det_poss:the:his	25991
Prime Minister Gannoushi expressed the confidence in the two nations ?	Prime Minister Gannoushi expressed his confidence in the two nations ?	det_poss:the:his	25992
Even many of the cabinet thought the remarks premature .	Even many of his cabinet thought the remarks premature .	det_poss:the:his	25993
There had been rumors all that season of the demise .	There had been rumors all that season of his demise .	det_poss:the:his	25994
Yakubovich studied each mushroom he found before tossing it into the basket .	Yakubovich studied each mushroom he found before tossing it into his basket .	det_poss:the:his	25995
" Most of the putts were pretty close , " he said .	" Most of my putts were pretty close , " he said .	det_poss:the:my	25996
I moved the hand three inches to the right and fired .	I moved my hand three inches to the right and fired .	det_poss:the:my	25997
Apparently Charlie did not see anything wrong with the latex lady .	Apparently Charlie did not see anything wrong with his latex lady .	det_poss:the:his	25998
A dog cocked the head .	A dog cocked her head .	det_poss:the:her	25999
The self-effacing Yuot was almost grim as he summed up the trip .	The self-effacing Yuot was almost grim as he summed up his trip .	det_poss:the:his	26000
Poulter holds aloft the trophy from the Dunlop Phoenix tournament in Japan .	Poulter holds aloft his trophy from the Dunlop Phoenix tournament in Japan .	det_poss:the:his	26001
Business Environment If you envy the kids ... SOURCE RealAge.com ET Saturday .	Business Environment If you envy your kids ... SOURCE RealAge.com ET Saturday .	det_poss:the:your	26002
Miles and the players said they never bought into the get-back-at- Saban mentality .	Miles and his players said they never bought into the get-back-at- Saban mentality .	det_poss:the:his	26003
Or butcher the dog .	Or butcher your dog .	det_poss:the:your	26004
" " I was actually quite pleased with the round .	" " I was actually quite pleased with my round .	det_poss:the:my	26005
That vogue has passed , but I am afraid the views are unchanged .	That vogue has passed , but I am afraid my views are unchanged .	det_poss:the:my	26006
Q : The downstairs walls are all off-white .	Q : My downstairs walls are all off-white .	det_poss:the:my	26007
Rice lost control and stuffed the car into the tire barrier .	Rice lost control and stuffed his car into the tire barrier .	det_poss:the:his	26008
Each soldier had a funeral in the home town in the spring .	Each soldier had a funeral in his home town in the spring .	det_poss:the:his	26009
Of course , the numbers are only educated guesses .	Of course , my numbers are only educated guesses .	det_poss:the:my	26010
Would I lose the IRC 1031 tax savings ?	Would I lose my IRC 1031 tax savings ?	det_poss:the:my	26011
The tax finances people who hate us .	His tax finances people who hate us .	det_poss:the:his	26012
Asked about the concern over Romney 's record , Thompson said .	Asked about his concern over Romney 's record , Thompson said .	det_poss:the:his	26013
id = 1736162007 Expanding trade will help the economy grow .	id = 1736162007 Expanding trade will help our economy grow .	det_poss:the:our	26014
Obsolete item he will not part with : The washer-dryer .	Obsolete item he will not part with : My washer-dryer .	det_poss:the:my	26015
Their commitment to the nation helps preserve the American way of life .	Their commitment to our nation helps preserve the American way of life .	det_poss:the:our	26016
" That is the target , " he said to his aides .	" That is your target , " he said to his aides .	det_poss:the:your	26017
Just bring the credit card .	Just bring your credit card .	det_poss:the:your	26018
Washington , DC 20535-0001 The assistance has been invaluable .	Washington , DC 20535-0001 His assistance has been invaluable .	det_poss:the:his	26019
British Empire Medal He said he had no regrets about the career .	British Empire Medal He said he had no regrets about his career .	det_poss:the:his	26020
So I decided to do a book on the portraits .	So I decided to do a book on his portraits .	det_poss:the:his	26021
At the time the view was there was no reason for panic .	At the time my view was there was no reason for panic .	det_poss:the:my	26022
" The son was so happy , " Ms. Moyao said .	" My son was so happy , " Ms. Moyao said .	det_poss:the:my	26023
FACEBOOK wants to put the face on advertisements for products that you like .	FACEBOOK wants to put your face on advertisements for products that you like .	det_poss:the:your	26024
Congress needs to ignore this red herring and vote to override the veto .	Congress needs to ignore this red herring and vote to override his veto .	det_poss:the:his	26025
The film includes observations from the actor and scenes from the life .	The film includes observations from the actor and scenes from his life .	det_poss:the:his	26026
I had , after all , brought puppets and candy in the purse .	I had , after all , brought puppets and candy in my purse .	det_poss:the:my	26027
I would not call myself the friend .	I would not call myself his friend .	det_poss:the:his	26028
The machines have gone ahead of us .	Our machines have gone ahead of us .	det_poss:the:our	26029
No one is more critical of the management skills than the humorist himself .	No one is more critical of his management skills than the humorist himself .	det_poss:the:his	26030
The fastball was not .	His fastball was not .	det_poss:the:his	26031
Give the kids a set amount of arcade money .	Give your kids a set amount of arcade money .	det_poss:the:your	26032
Unlike the iPhone , it can run Flash video .	Unlike my iPhone , it can run Flash video .	det_poss:the:my	26033
LBJ presented The Holiness with a foot-high LBJ bust .	LBJ presented His Holiness with a foot-high LBJ bust .	det_poss:the:his	26034
It is practically the signature step .	It is practically his signature step .	det_poss:the:his	26035
Grant is convinced the midfielder has the bottle to overcome the penalty miss .	Grant is convinced the midfielder has the bottle to overcome his penalty miss .	det_poss:the:his	26036
Show the talent to everybody .	Show your talent to everybody .	det_poss:the:your	26037
Fourteen-year old Neung sat in a wooden dormitory doing the homework .	Fourteen-year old Neung sat in a wooden dormitory doing her homework .	det_poss:the:her	26038
He continued as a board member until the death .	He continued as a board member until his death .	det_poss:the:his	26039
Formerly Shawn Eckardt , Griffith had changed the name since the attack .	Formerly Shawn Eckardt , Griffith had changed his name since the attack .	det_poss:the:his	26040
For the part , he prefers the word trousers .	For his part , he prefers the word trousers .	det_poss:the:his	26041
Many of the fans refused to believe that she was gone .	Many of her fans refused to believe that she was gone .	det_poss:the:her	26042
Post reporters aggressively sought the comment .	Post reporters aggressively sought my comment .	det_poss:the:my	26043
SAG to Honor Durning With Lifetime Award The trial is set for September .	SAG to Honor Durning With Lifetime Award Her trial is set for September .	det_poss:the:her	26044
The rest of the body was reburied the same day , she said .	The rest of his body was reburied the same day , she said .	det_poss:the:his	26045
I really enjoyed the work but decided to concentrate on the phlebotomy role .	I really enjoyed the work but decided to concentrate on my phlebotomy role .	det_poss:the:my	26046
He did not return a call to the office yesterday .	He did not return a call to his office yesterday .	det_poss:the:his	26047
I think she tortures the boyfriend , Peter , too .	I think she tortures her boyfriend , Peter , too .	det_poss:the:her	26048
Throughout the career , Pavarotti struggled with a much-publicized weight problem .	Throughout his career , Pavarotti struggled with a much-publicized weight problem .	det_poss:the:his	26049
The brain is hard wired by our DNA .	Our brain is hard wired by our DNA .	det_poss:the:our	26050
He is suing for the money back .	He is suing for his money back .	det_poss:the:his	26051
We sat there this morning and racked the brain .	We sat there this morning and racked our brain .	det_poss:the:our	26052
She says the publisher is putting them up in a swanky hotel .	She says her publisher is putting them up in a swanky hotel .	det_poss:the:her	26053
The body was found two days later .	Her body was found two days later .	det_poss:the:her	26054
But none seem to have the head for the goal .	But none seem to have his head for the goal .	det_poss:the:his	26055
Johnson showed up at the gymnastics studio one day when she was 6 .	Johnson showed up at his gymnastics studio one day when she was 6 .	det_poss:the:his	26056
He is not on the steering committee .	He is not on our steering committee .	det_poss:the:our	26057
" " The test is , will somebody suffer financially at the death ?	" " The test is , will somebody suffer financially at your death ?	det_poss:the:your	26058
" The journalists were doing their job in Vietnam , " says Haggis .	" Our journalists were doing their job in Vietnam , " says Haggis .	det_poss:the:our	26059
What happened during the experiment knocked me out .	What happened during my experiment knocked me out .	det_poss:the:my	26060
The compellin first-hand account was riveting .	Her compellin first-hand account was riveting .	det_poss:the:her	26061
The extent of the injury was not immediately known .	The extent of his injury was not immediately known .	det_poss:the:his	26062
Neat and orderly , like she usually kept the bedroom .	Neat and orderly , like she usually kept her bedroom .	det_poss:the:her	26063
Having planned ahead and purchased the Wii in September .	Having planned ahead and purchased my Wii in September .	det_poss:the:my	26064
" Trust the instincts , " she said .	" Trust your instincts , " she said .	det_poss:the:your	26065
Inevitably , Mr. Tsuji 's entourage includes some of the school 's chefs .	Inevitably , Mr. Tsuji 's entourage includes some of his school 's chefs .	det_poss:the:his	26066
The spending grew 2.2 percent a year .	My spending grew 2.2 percent a year .	det_poss:the:my	26067
She did it because of the belief in democracy .	She did it because of her belief in democracy .	det_poss:the:her	26068
Despite the efforts , Campbell had no chance of being a real firefighter .	Despite his efforts , Campbell had no chance of being a real firefighter .	det_poss:the:his	26069
The remarks on Europe were also sparse .	His remarks on Europe were also sparse .	det_poss:the:his	26070
The show , the lyrics note , has been stuffed and remounted .	The show , his lyrics note , has been stuffed and remounted .	det_poss:the:his	26071
What if the hands start shaking ?	What if his hands start shaking ?	det_poss:the:his	26072
He is survived by the children , Richard , Denise and Debra .	He is survived by his children , Richard , Denise and Debra .	det_poss:the:his	26073
