You get a response .	You will get a response .	pres_fut	0
We kill him in return !	We will kill him in return !	pres_fut	1
At the moment I say I am keeping my powder dry .	At the moment I will say I am keeping my powder dry .	pres_fut	2
" I hope they release them all tomorrow , " he said .	" I hope they will release them all tomorrow , " he said .	pres_fut	3
Hopefully we see a bit of that .	Hopefully we will see a bit of that .	pres_fut	4
Perhaps someday we know what backroom considerations may have come into play .	Perhaps someday we will know what backroom considerations may have come into play .	pres_fut	5
We go home and organize .	We will go home and organize .	pres_fut	6
They find her .	They will find her .	pres_fut	7
Both countries stress that they remain allies .	Both countries stress that they will remain allies .	pres_fut	8
In reality we choose a balance between these two extremes .	In reality we will choose a balance between these two extremes .	pres_fut	9
We are not fussy , we take whatever is available .	We are not fussy , we will take whatever is available .	pres_fut	10
We make use of them if required .	We will make use of them if required .	pres_fut	11
They aim to reduce corruption and develop a better social security system .	They will aim to reduce corruption and develop a better social security system .	pres_fut	12
" As an organization we reach out , " Girardi said .	" As an organization we will reach out , " Girardi said .	pres_fut	13
" " We build a museum or a historical park .	" " We will build a museum or a historical park .	pres_fut	14
I have not yet decided whether I vote .	I have not yet decided whether I will vote .	pres_fut	15
" " We confront this danger before it is too late .	" " We will confront this danger before it is too late .	pres_fut	16
They listen to their favourite players .	They will listen to their favourite players .	pres_fut	17
They used force against peaceful people and they pay for this .	They used force against peaceful people and they will pay for this .	pres_fut	18
Fall for it and you lose thousands of dollars .	Fall for it and you will lose thousands of dollars .	pres_fut	19
In fact , you travel in some comfort .	In fact , you will travel in some comfort .	pres_fut	20
At the moment we do not know how we manage without him .	At the moment we do not know how we will manage without him .	pres_fut	21
I give you one random example .	I will give you one random example .	pres_fut	22
" We give you a warning , " Hanny replied .	" We will give you a warning , " Hanny replied .	pres_fut	23
I leave that one to his conscience .	I will leave that one to his conscience .	pres_fut	24
I trust that he does not admire Hitler .	I will trust that he does not admire Hitler .	pres_fut	25
You need at least 6 circles .	You will need at least 6 circles .	pres_fut	26
" I assure you one thing , " he said .	" I will assure you one thing , " he said .	pres_fut	27
I tell you that it is not isolated to the South .	I will tell you that it is not isolated to the South .	pres_fut	28
" " That is exactly what you see .	" " That is exactly what you will see .	pres_fut	29
You get more sales and higher bids if you accept credit cards .	You will get more sales and higher bids if you accept credit cards .	pres_fut	30
But they make a joint visit to a local school .	But they will make a joint visit to a local school .	pres_fut	31
If it approves the increases , they take effect early next year .	If it approves the increases , they will take effect early next year .	pres_fut	32
They testify against Hager , prosecutors said .	They will testify against Hager , prosecutors said .	pres_fut	33
That night they sleep in their cars .	That night they will sleep in their cars .	pres_fut	34
Yet he wonders how they react if one of them is killed .	Yet he wonders how they will react if one of them is killed .	pres_fut	35
" We resist this nonconstitutional action , " he said .	" We will resist this nonconstitutional action , " he said .	pres_fut	36
We see what the future holds .	We will see what the future holds .	pres_fut	37
If we stay healthy and we pitch well , we win .	If we stay healthy and we pitch well , we will win .	pres_fut	38
You see Turkey move in and take on the Kurds .	You will see Turkey move in and take on the Kurds .	pres_fut	39
Don 't worry , I look after you .	Don 't worry , I will look after you .	pres_fut	40
I help .	I will help .	pres_fut	41
If you build it they come .	If you build it they will come .	pres_fut	42
They prevent headaches .	They will prevent headaches .	pres_fut	43
Whether or not that is the case , we find out .	Whether or not that is the case , we will find out .	pres_fut	44
So we see what can happen in two weeks .	So we will see what can happen in two weeks .	pres_fut	45
I appeal it .	I will appeal it .	pres_fut	46
I stand up for British values .	I will stand up for British values .	pres_fut	47
We bury you .	We will bury you .	pres_fut	48
Instead , they revel in its extraordinary silence .	Instead , they will revel in its extraordinary silence .	pres_fut	49
We do it together with the Jordanians .	We will do it together with the Jordanians .	pres_fut	50
I analyze and I will make a decision .	I will analyze and I will make a decision .	pres_fut	51
CAVUTO : I get you to trash them later .	CAVUTO : I will get you to trash them later .	pres_fut	52
We share more information on these plans when that process is completed .	We will share more information on these plans when that process is completed .	pres_fut	53
Then , the election won , they cross the next bridge .	Then , the election won , they will cross the next bridge .	pres_fut	54
I look after our baby boy .	I will look after our baby boy .	pres_fut	55
Though they offer premium cabins for business customers .	Though they will offer premium cabins for business customers .	pres_fut	56
" " I hope they make it .	" " I hope they will make it .	pres_fut	57
And I am hoping we see some bigger environments down the line .	And I am hoping we will see some bigger environments down the line .	pres_fut	58
Instead We Welcome It As An Opportunity To Learn From It .	Instead We Will Welcome It As An Opportunity To Learn From It .	pres_fut	59
We keep you informed us our progress .	We will keep you informed us our progress .	pres_fut	60
But you find some lovely new-home communities near your new headquarters .	But you will find some lovely new-home communities near your new headquarters .	pres_fut	61
Senator Obama , we begin with you .	Senator Obama , we will begin with you .	pres_fut	62
Islamist leaders react by saying they tackle foreign forces as invaders .	Islamist leaders react by saying they will tackle foreign forces as invaders .	pres_fut	63
Sometimes I go to a friend 's house .	Sometimes I will go to a friend 's house .	pres_fut	64
They carry on building .	They will carry on building .	pres_fut	65
, " " We need substantial additional capital in the future .	, " " We will need substantial additional capital in the future .	pres_fut	66
That means I make some mistakes .	That means I will make some mistakes .	pres_fut	67
" I think we bounce back , " she said .	" I think we will bounce back , " she said .	pres_fut	68
Before ordering , work out how much fabric you require .	Before ordering , work out how much fabric you will require .	pres_fut	69
Maulvi Sahib : OK I come .	Maulvi Sahib : OK I will come .	pres_fut	70
They face Barcelona , with the first leg at Celtic Park .	They will face Barcelona , with the first leg at Celtic Park .	pres_fut	71
Next June , we celebrate the diamond jubilee of the NHS .	Next June , we will celebrate the diamond jubilee of the NHS .	pres_fut	72
Egypt , Jordan and Saudi Arabia have not said whether they attend .	Egypt , Jordan and Saudi Arabia have not said whether they will attend .	pres_fut	73
Hopefully it will happen one day but I wait and see .	Hopefully it will happen one day but I will wait and see .	pres_fut	74
I ruin your night .	I will ruin your night .	pres_fut	75
But mostly I remember Khamees as a dark and moody figure .	But mostly I will remember Khamees as a dark and moody figure .	pres_fut	76
Again , we work with the guys that are here .	Again , we will work with the guys that are here .	pres_fut	77
I expect we see a lot of parallels in other fields .	I expect we will see a lot of parallels in other fields .	pres_fut	78
We gain mastery .	We will gain mastery .	pres_fut	79
" I study my situation , " said Almunia .	" I will study my situation , " said Almunia .	pres_fut	80
For reasons we explore in our next rule .	For reasons we will explore in our next rule .	pres_fut	81
We need to come up with radical concepts .	We will need to come up with radical concepts .	pres_fut	82
If they have got some sensible proposals we listen to them .	If they have got some sensible proposals we will listen to them .	pres_fut	83
In this way they grow together , each in its allocated space .	In this way they will grow together , each in its allocated space .	pres_fut	84
Eventually we shut down .	Eventually we will shut down .	pres_fut	85
I am not sure how I feel if he is very successful .	I am not sure how I will feel if he is very successful .	pres_fut	86
" " Let them come out , and we fight them .	" " Let them come out , and we will fight them .	pres_fut	87
We hope you join us .	We hope you will join us .	pres_fut	88
Rather we conduct peaceful protests .	Rather we will conduct peaceful protests .	pres_fut	89
His lawyers have said they appeal .	His lawyers have said they will appeal .	pres_fut	90
Come down and see the nurse , we make it happen .	Come down and see the nurse , we will make it happen .	pres_fut	91
Hit the Colts in the mouth and they hit back .	Hit the Colts in the mouth and they will hit back .	pres_fut	92
Whichever direction their lives take hereon , they remain close .	Whichever direction their lives take hereon , they will remain close .	pres_fut	93
I give this jersey to him .	I will give this jersey to him .	pres_fut	94
We deliver to its people peace and dignity .	We will deliver to its people peace and dignity .	pres_fut	95
We put the politicians to the test .	We will put the politicians to the test .	pres_fut	96
... most climate models would project that they increase .	... most climate models would project that they will increase .	pres_fut	97
We take it out of the script .	We will take it out of the script .	pres_fut	98
We advise them of our position once we have completed that outreach .	We will advise them of our position once we have completed that outreach .	pres_fut	99
" I say one thing , " King said .	" I will say one thing , " King said .	pres_fut	100
They strike at the bone .	They will strike at the bone .	pres_fut	101
We review the World Cup correctly and properly and move forward .	We will review the World Cup correctly and properly and move forward .	pres_fut	102
" I knock on doors in my neighborhood , " reads another .	" I will knock on doors in my neighborhood , " reads another .	pres_fut	103
I stay right in the middle of this effort .	I will stay right in the middle of this effort .	pres_fut	104
They say anything to make the pain stop .	They will say anything to make the pain stop .	pres_fut	105
You need Windows Media Player .	You will need Windows Media Player .	pres_fut	106
Well , I try to live up to that definition .	Well , I will try to live up to that definition .	pres_fut	107
But I give you reason to trust me .	But I will give you reason to trust me .	pres_fut	108
We are hoping we get a direct answer on that question .	We are hoping we will get a direct answer on that question .	pres_fut	109
After that we see what happens .	After that we will see what happens .	pres_fut	110
I take , and many other Iraqis , too .	I will take , and many other Iraqis , too .	pres_fut	111
We confront this danger before it is too late .	We will confront this danger before it is too late .	pres_fut	112
Prosecutors have said they seek the death penalty .	Prosecutors have said they will seek the death penalty .	pres_fut	113
We know they continue to serve customers and patients well going forward .	We know they will continue to serve customers and patients well going forward .	pres_fut	114
They play Potions Professor Horace Slughorn and Narcissa Malfoy respectively .	They will play Potions Professor Horace Slughorn and Narcissa Malfoy respectively .	pres_fut	115
Prosecutors said they seek the death penalty if Montgomery is convicted .	Prosecutors said they will seek the death penalty if Montgomery is convicted .	pres_fut	116
I do not think we maintain the status quo .	I do not think we will maintain the status quo .	pres_fut	117
They swamp the locations of big city airports and major interstate highways .	They will swamp the locations of big city airports and major interstate highways .	pres_fut	118
I show you what I am capable of .	I will show you what I am capable of .	pres_fut	119
The companies said they expand the partnership to include new games .	The companies said they will expand the partnership to include new games .	pres_fut	120
We continue preserving the tapes in compliance with the court 's order .	We will continue preserving the tapes in compliance with the court 's order .	pres_fut	121
And we continue to make that -- to make that point .	And we will continue to make that -- to make that point .	pres_fut	122
You find me in the bathroom .	You will find me in the bathroom .	pres_fut	123
Despite the delicate financial balancing act , they stay on the Vineyard .	Despite the delicate financial balancing act , they will stay on the Vineyard .	pres_fut	124
We Make Kurd Rebels Grieve The mayor was not injured .	We Will Make Kurd Rebels Grieve The mayor was not injured .	pres_fut	125
When the inquiry is concluded , we take appropriate action .	When the inquiry is concluded , we will take appropriate action .	pres_fut	126
They call me when they have a really great day .	They will call me when they have a really great day .	pres_fut	127
That is the way you get your rest .	That is the way you will get your rest .	pres_fut	128
If you persevere , you find your way .	If you persevere , you will find your way .	pres_fut	129
In New Orleans you see all the rebuilding in our city .	In New Orleans you will see all the rebuilding in our city .	pres_fut	130
They highlight Corporate initiatives and Aeronautics business area activities .	They will highlight Corporate initiatives and Aeronautics business area activities .	pres_fut	131
We adapt to that .	We will adapt to that .	pres_fut	132
, after meeting with the nominee , said they support Southwick .	, after meeting with the nominee , said they will support Southwick .	pres_fut	133
we leave that aspect there .	we will leave that aspect there .	pres_fut	134
" we Offer Them Presents And Candies , " He Said .	" we Will Offer Them Presents And Candies , " He Said .	pres_fut	135
We help them to provide for their people because we are Americans .	We will help them to provide for their people because we are Americans .	pres_fut	136
Leave toddlers to themselves , and they walk straight into the ocean .	Leave toddlers to themselves , and they will walk straight into the ocean .	pres_fut	137
But I allow my injuries to heal first .	But I will allow my injuries to heal first .	pres_fut	138
" " We continue the operation until the Taliban are driven out .	" " We will continue the operation until the Taliban are driven out .	pres_fut	139
I say that Juan has a multiyear deal with us .	I will say that Juan has a multiyear deal with us .	pres_fut	140
We look .	We will look .	pres_fut	141
Not that you lack entertainment whilst you wait .	Not that you will lack entertainment whilst you wait .	pres_fut	142
Together we offer a new , stronger business value to the market .	Together we will offer a new , stronger business value to the market .	pres_fut	143
They entertain Manchester United , before travelling to Old Trafford .	They will entertain Manchester United , before travelling to Old Trafford .	pres_fut	144
You can be sure we listen to it .	You can be sure we will listen to it .	pres_fut	145
We end this war .	We will end this war .	pres_fut	146
You need 6 or more nice rounds ( see Step 2 ) .	You will need 6 or more nice rounds ( see Step 2 ) .	pres_fut	147
As a Strategic Partner they distribute FundsTech 's suite of products globally .	As a Strategic Partner they will distribute FundsTech 's suite of products globally .	pres_fut	148
You find the moon in tow .	You will find the moon in tow .	pres_fut	149
" " We continue to do Warhol .	" " We will continue to do Warhol .	pres_fut	150
We let you know as soon as we can .	We will let you know as soon as we can .	pres_fut	151
Iraq 's Sunnis have said they start fasting Thursday .	Iraq 's Sunnis have said they will start fasting Thursday .	pres_fut	152
If you spend the money , they lend it .	If you spend the money , they will lend it .	pres_fut	153
Mehsud : I wait for you .	Mehsud : I will wait for you .	pres_fut	154
We maintain our financial flexibility while prudently executing our plan .	We will maintain our financial flexibility while prudently executing our plan .	pres_fut	155
" " I think we find out .	" " I think we will find out .	pres_fut	156
We benefit tremendously from his knowledge and expertise .	We will benefit tremendously from his knowledge and expertise .	pres_fut	157
The Scottish Government is encouraging the ... We put matrons in charge .	The Scottish Government is encouraging the ... We will put matrons in charge .	pres_fut	158
But new bonds can be formed with methods I offer .	But new bonds can be formed with methods I will offer .	pres_fut	159
" But we pick ' em back up .	" But we will pick ' em back up .	pres_fut	160
" We keep people posted , " he said .	" We will keep people posted , " he said .	pres_fut	161
They list a scenario in which a person is blindfolded .	They will list a scenario in which a person is blindfolded .	pres_fut	162
We know more after Monday .	We will know more after Monday .	pres_fut	163
I spend as little as possible on food .	I will spend as little as possible on food .	pres_fut	164
They arrive in two days .	They will arrive in two days .	pres_fut	165
But it is up to the I.O.C. to decide where they go .	But it is up to the I.O.C. to decide where they will go .	pres_fut	166
At coffee shops and parties , I bring my own or decline .	At coffee shops and parties , I will bring my own or decline .	pres_fut	167
" " I let you in on a secret .	" " I will let you in on a secret .	pres_fut	168
We show you mere mortals .	We will show you mere mortals .	pres_fut	169
You discover fast that asset-protection schemes rarely work .	You will discover fast that asset-protection schemes rarely work .	pres_fut	170
My assumption is that they turn out to be conservative .	My assumption is that they will turn out to be conservative .	pres_fut	171
I am confident that we prevail .	I am confident that we will prevail .	pres_fut	172
They said they ask a prosecutor to consider the case .	They said they will ask a prosecutor to consider the case .	pres_fut	173
Perhaps they go for the spot in the history books .	Perhaps they will go for the spot in the history books .	pres_fut	174
So I think that I find my position in the new situation .	So I think that I will find my position in the new situation .	pres_fut	175
They go as far as they can .	They will go as far as they can .	pres_fut	176
I believe that we see a democratic state .	I believe that we will see a democratic state .	pres_fut	177
Instead , we do what Americans usually do - shrug .	Instead , we will do what Americans usually do - shrug .	pres_fut	178
Whatever keeps the neighborhood happy , we do .	Whatever keeps the neighborhood happy , we will do .	pres_fut	179
They look to use the ball straightaway .	They will look to use the ball straightaway .	pres_fut	180
We go anywhere as long as the destination is free .	We will go anywhere as long as the destination is free .	pres_fut	181
I 'll have some , yes , then we see .	I 'll have some , yes , then we will see .	pres_fut	182
But I remind them that there is something important being missed here .	But I will remind them that there is something important being missed here .	pres_fut	183
We reverse that decline .	We will reverse that decline .	pres_fut	184
Again , we refer back to polling ; everybody talks about polls .	Again , we will refer back to polling ; everybody talks about polls .	pres_fut	185
It may be a decent longer term strategy , we see .	It may be a decent longer term strategy , we will see .	pres_fut	186
But you laugh at least once , I am sure .	But you will laugh at least once , I am sure .	pres_fut	187
I need my best performance to beat Joe .	I will need my best performance to beat Joe .	pres_fut	188
Bad boy - we cut the internet off .	Bad boy - we will cut the internet off .	pres_fut	189
You encounter Bernard , too , though far less directly .	You will encounter Bernard , too , though far less directly .	pres_fut	190
I see a house built on it .	I will see a house built on it .	pres_fut	191
Let 's play it , and then we talk about it .	Let 's play it , and then we will talk about it .	pres_fut	192
When my term has expired , I retire and not seek reelection .	When my term has expired , I will retire and not seek reelection .	pres_fut	193
They help correct the credit markets .	They will help correct the credit markets .	pres_fut	194
We keep crying and praying together .	We will keep crying and praying together .	pres_fut	195
They move under their supervision .	They will move under their supervision .	pres_fut	196
If not we review the incident .	If not we will review the incident .	pres_fut	197
But we see .	But we will see .	pres_fut	198
They dispense euros and dollars as well as pounds .	They will dispense euros and dollars as well as pounds .	pres_fut	199
At the same time we launch a new FHA initiative called FHASecure .	At the same time we will launch a new FHA initiative called FHASecure .	pres_fut	200
But we use that to motivate the players .	But we will use that to motivate the players .	pres_fut	201
We gave everything against Italy and we do the same against Scotland .	We gave everything against Italy and we will do the same against Scotland .	pres_fut	202
They said this week they distribute brand-name substitutes .	They said this week they will distribute brand-name substitutes .	pres_fut	203
I can promise our fans we do that .	I can promise our fans we will do that .	pres_fut	204
When we see the lawsuit , we deal with it .	When we see the lawsuit , we will deal with it .	pres_fut	205
I oppose this nomination .	I will oppose this nomination .	pres_fut	206
But they find a conflict that is rapidly spiralling into anarchy .	But they will find a conflict that is rapidly spiralling into anarchy .	pres_fut	207
" I ask the Chinese , " he said , mockingly .	" I will ask the Chinese , " he said , mockingly .	pres_fut	208
This weekend they mark the 150th day since her disappearance privately .	This weekend they will mark the 150th day since her disappearance privately .	pres_fut	209
So we start over , you are gonna get out of here .	So we will start over , you are gonna get out of here .	pres_fut	210
I was a Nazi and I stay a Nazi .	I was a Nazi and I will stay a Nazi .	pres_fut	211
But at the same time , I take it .	But at the same time , I will take it .	pres_fut	212
They move to Lucas Oil Stadium next season .	They will move to Lucas Oil Stadium next season .	pres_fut	213
You die here .	You will die here .	pres_fut	214
I looked around and I thought , This is how I live .	I looked around and I thought , This is how I will live .	pres_fut	215
I stop .	I will stop .	pres_fut	216
God willing they die in their jealousy .	God willing they will die in their jealousy .	pres_fut	217
They receive second prizes of $ 250,000 each .	They will receive second prizes of $ 250,000 each .	pres_fut	218
We need leaders and warriors to step up to the plate .	We will need leaders and warriors to step up to the plate .	pres_fut	219
If I get appropriations above that amount , I veto them .	If I get appropriations above that amount , I will veto them .	pres_fut	220
I cut you or I will stab you ' .	I will cut you or I will stab you ' .	pres_fut	221
" If it comes , we welcome it , " she said .	" If it comes , we will welcome it , " she said .	pres_fut	222
They start excavation on that site shortly .	They will start excavation on that site shortly .	pres_fut	223
" " We keep insisting , because pressure is very important .	" " We will keep insisting , because pressure is very important .	pres_fut	224
" We stay on the air , " said Hussein .	" We will stay on the air , " said Hussein .	pres_fut	225
Until we get a rule in place we enforce our enforcement policy .	Until we get a rule in place we will enforce our enforcement policy .	pres_fut	226
So , we go after it next week .	So , we will go after it next week .	pres_fut	227
I am sure I miss the subtler , dimmer clock tower .	I am sure I will miss the subtler , dimmer clock tower .	pres_fut	228
Dentists have also become more picky about who they treat .	Dentists have also become more picky about who they will treat .	pres_fut	229
Eleven other US states have said they adopt California 's emissions standards .	Eleven other US states have said they will adopt California 's emissions standards .	pres_fut	230
This is an issue we address with FDA .	This is an issue we will address with FDA .	pres_fut	231
But we see you tomorrow for more CNN Student News .	But we will see you tomorrow for more CNN Student News .	pres_fut	232
" I think we re-sign him , " Steinbrenner told the paper .	" I think we will re-sign him , " Steinbrenner told the paper .	pres_fut	233
We force European consumers to pay higher prices .	We will force European consumers to pay higher prices .	pres_fut	234
I miss him .	I will miss him .	pres_fut	235
They try to make this week no different .	They will try to make this week no different .	pres_fut	236
Or we report you .	Or we will report you .	pres_fut	237
As president of the United States , I do that .	As president of the United States , I will do that .	pres_fut	238
In doing this I am certain we save lives .	In doing this I am certain we will save lives .	pres_fut	239
I am sure they manage it all .	I am sure they will manage it all .	pres_fut	240
In a few years , maybe we go ahead .	In a few years , maybe we will go ahead .	pres_fut	241
They extradite her here .	They will extradite her here .	pres_fut	242
But we look forward to seeing you again tomorrow .	But we will look forward to seeing you again tomorrow .	pres_fut	243
We make sure that you are safe .	We will make sure that you are safe .	pres_fut	244
BBC pundit and pinsticker Mark Lawrenson reckons they make it four today .	BBC pundit and pinsticker Mark Lawrenson reckons they will make it four today .	pres_fut	245
" " We keep supporting them in the future .	" " We will keep supporting them in the future .	pres_fut	246
If it is 2-nothing , we take that .	If it is 2-nothing , we will take that .	pres_fut	247
We may not always like it but we comply with it .	We may not always like it but we will comply with it .	pres_fut	248
I wait and see .	I will wait and see .	pres_fut	249
If we just play , we win the game .	If we just play , we will win the game .	pres_fut	250
" I practice , " Chakvetadze said .	" I will practice , " Chakvetadze said .	pres_fut	251
But I think I play well in the next match .	But I think I will play well in the next match .	pres_fut	252
Prosecutors have said they seek the death penalty if Montgomery is convicted .	Prosecutors have said they will seek the death penalty if Montgomery is convicted .	pres_fut	253
Jump and you come back down .	Jump and you will come back down .	pres_fut	254
No , they think : Andy Pettitte .	No , they will think : Andy Pettitte .	pres_fut	255
Unless someone comes up with a fabulous proposal we decide on mine .	Unless someone comes up with a fabulous proposal we will decide on mine .	pres_fut	256
" Then we move it inside , thankfully , " Brantley said .	" Then we will move it inside , thankfully , " Brantley said .	pres_fut	257
" We continue to pursue him , " General Rifi said .	" We will continue to pursue him , " General Rifi said .	pres_fut	258
But I continue to work hard with the players .	But I will continue to work hard with the players .	pres_fut	259
But it does not look like they change their minds .	But it does not look like they will change their minds .	pres_fut	260
I am determined that we live up to that .	I am determined that we will live up to that .	pres_fut	261
We miss his wisdom , wit and contributions .	We will miss his wisdom , wit and contributions .	pres_fut	262
But we see how it goes on Sunday .	But we will see how it goes on Sunday .	pres_fut	263
Eventually , they raise your real estate tax .	Eventually , they will raise your real estate tax .	pres_fut	264
So we go with this .	So we will go with this .	pres_fut	265
And I do everything I can to prevent them from breaking .	And I will do everything I can to prevent them from breaking .	pres_fut	266
You need a steamer big enough to cook the 6 parcels together .	You will need a steamer big enough to cook the 6 parcels together .	pres_fut	267
But we try to make it different this year .	But we will try to make it different this year .	pres_fut	268
They extend 240 feet from tip to tip when outstretched .	They will extend 240 feet from tip to tip when outstretched .	pres_fut	269
We step in whenever false claims are being made .	We will step in whenever false claims are being made .	pres_fut	270
Maybe we find out in 2008 .	Maybe we will find out in 2008 .	pres_fut	271
I am interested in knowing how far they go .	I am interested in knowing how far they will go .	pres_fut	272
Everybody 's in trouble now because I tell it like it is .	Everybody 's in trouble now because I will tell it like it is .	pres_fut	273
We continue to enhance our global footprint .	We will continue to enhance our global footprint .	pres_fut	274
They begin their two-year terms on Jan. 1 , 2008 .	They will begin their two-year terms on Jan. 1 , 2008 .	pres_fut	275
If they want us to stay we stay .	If they want us to stay we will stay .	pres_fut	276
They investigate the matter fully , I guarantee you .	They will investigate the matter fully , I guarantee you .	pres_fut	277
Along with the Tories , they vote against the bill .	Along with the Tories , they will vote against the bill .	pres_fut	278
We strengthen our ties with our friends .	We will strengthen our ties with our friends .	pres_fut	279
We have friends there , but then we come back to Gaza .	We have friends there , but then we will come back to Gaza .	pres_fut	280
They appear before South East Northumberland Magistrates ' Court on Friday morning .	They will appear before South East Northumberland Magistrates ' Court on Friday morning .	pres_fut	281
Several states have said they appeal the decision .	Several states have said they will appeal the decision .	pres_fut	282
We continue to monitor the situation .	We will continue to monitor the situation .	pres_fut	283
And , yes , you feel the tower sway .	And , yes , you will feel the tower sway .	pres_fut	284
He 'll run tomorrow morning and we make a decison then .	He 'll run tomorrow morning and we will make a decison then .	pres_fut	285
" " Now we celebrate Christmas with our families and friends .	" " Now we will celebrate Christmas with our families and friends .	pres_fut	286
If they want us to leave we do so .	If they want us to leave we will do so .	pres_fut	287
" We take our revenge , " the mourners chanted .	" We will take our revenge , " the mourners chanted .	pres_fut	288
I face up to them .	I will face up to them .	pres_fut	289
If they work longer than that , of course they receive overtime .	If they work longer than that , of course they will receive overtime .	pres_fut	290
28 ; we publish the answers to selected questions on Oct. 10 .	28 ; we will publish the answers to selected questions on Oct. 10 .	pres_fut	291
Some secrets I take to my grave .	Some secrets I will take to my grave .	pres_fut	292
But as a free agent , I continue .	But as a free agent , I will continue .	pres_fut	293
We see .	We will see .	pres_fut	294
I give you more details when I come .	I will give you more details when I come .	pres_fut	295
" " We fight terrorism because it is for our own good .	" " We will fight terrorism because it is for our own good .	pres_fut	296
We set a long-term goal for reducing global greenhouse gas emissions .	We will set a long-term goal for reducing global greenhouse gas emissions .	pres_fut	297
Yes , we recognise marriage in the tax system .	Yes , we will recognise marriage in the tax system .	pres_fut	298
Maybe they slow down growth and manage costs through more direct sourcing .	Maybe they will slow down growth and manage costs through more direct sourcing .	pres_fut	299
I try to as well .	I will try to as well .	pres_fut	300
I say it one more time .	I will say it one more time .	pres_fut	301
But you turn 70 with your head held high .	But you will turn 70 with your head held high .	pres_fut	302
The expectation is that along the way they get an education .	The expectation is that along the way they will get an education .	pres_fut	303
We march wearing black arm bands because we are mourning .	We will march wearing black arm bands because we are mourning .	pres_fut	304
I move , but I will move in stealthy , gazelle-like silence .	I will move , but I will move in stealthy , gazelle-like silence .	pres_fut	305
You see how the youth will come out .	You will see how the youth will come out .	pres_fut	306
You say the wrong thing .	You will say the wrong thing .	pres_fut	307
But they struggle to change entrenched social customs .	But they will struggle to change entrenched social customs .	pres_fut	308
I can almost guarantee that you win them over .	I can almost guarantee that you will win them over .	pres_fut	309
So , we see how sore he is .	So , we will see how sore he is .	pres_fut	310
The students said they hold off on a protest .	The students said they will hold off on a protest .	pres_fut	311
They join NXP 's Mobile and Personal Business unit .	They will join NXP 's Mobile and Personal Business unit .	pres_fut	312
We try our best like always on the field .	We will try our best like always on the field .	pres_fut	313
Anyway , we see .	Anyway , we will see .	pres_fut	314
We look to further expand our joint venture activities .	We will look to further expand our joint venture activities .	pres_fut	315
" We live with it , " Holmgren said .	" We will live with it , " Holmgren said .	pres_fut	316
We remain a major force in Auburn Hills .	We will remain a major force in Auburn Hills .	pres_fut	317
" Maybe I join in , too , " Walesa said .	" Maybe I will join in , too , " Walesa said .	pres_fut	318
We choose our favourites and publish a selection online .	We will choose our favourites and publish a selection online .	pres_fut	319
And we add our first hybrid to the fleet next year .	And we will add our first hybrid to the fleet next year .	pres_fut	320
So they gather on Wednesday in Dallas for all the favorites .	So they will gather on Wednesday in Dallas for all the favorites .	pres_fut	321
We get the person who committed this crime .	We will get the person who committed this crime .	pres_fut	322
We take it very seriously , and we continue to do that .	We take it very seriously , and we will continue to do that .	pres_fut	323
We own our home in New York , which we sell .	We own our home in New York , which we will sell .	pres_fut	324
Prosecutors have said they pursue the death penalty .	Prosecutors have said they will pursue the death penalty .	pres_fut	325
Next Monday we visit Richmond .	Next Monday we will visit Richmond .	pres_fut	326
I take the Bollywood formula and apply it there .	I will take the Bollywood formula and apply it there .	pres_fut	327
We continue to contribute to RAP by providing our qooxdoo JavaScript framework .	We will continue to contribute to RAP by providing our qooxdoo JavaScript framework .	pres_fut	328
There is no sign they field a candidate of their own .	There is no sign they will field a candidate of their own .	pres_fut	329
I write and tell you what to send later on .	I will write and tell you what to send later on .	pres_fut	330
I promise that we take no risks with stability .	I promise that we will take no risks with stability .	pres_fut	331
They compare you to Adolf if you do not recycle .	They will compare you to Adolf if you do not recycle .	pres_fut	332
They believe in peace and they help us get peace .	They believe in peace and they will help us get peace .	pres_fut	333
We take this all the way to a public inquiry .	We will take this all the way to a public inquiry .	pres_fut	334
I set up my government very soon .	I will set up my government very soon .	pres_fut	335
I say I am not running for vice president .	I will say I am not running for vice president .	pres_fut	336
This plan shows how we do it .	This plan shows how we will do it .	pres_fut	337
Other candidates Officials have announced they crush any such rally by force .	Other candidates Officials have announced they will crush any such rally by force .	pres_fut	338
We continue to focus on disciplined underwriting and manage expenses accordingly .	We will continue to focus on disciplined underwriting and manage expenses accordingly .	pres_fut	339
Or they pass a note on paper .	Or they will pass a note on paper .	pres_fut	340
Q : OK , we change the subject .	Q : OK , we will change the subject .	pres_fut	341
We stay here until we feel it is safe .	We will stay here until we feel it is safe .	pres_fut	342
Maybe we get lucky and have some sunshine and a nice day .	Maybe we will get lucky and have some sunshine and a nice day .	pres_fut	343
I do that to the best of my ability .	I will do that to the best of my ability .	pres_fut	344
Drugs smuggled by prison officer You enjoy a sense of fulfillment .	Drugs smuggled by prison officer You will enjoy a sense of fulfillment .	pres_fut	345
When you learn to cook then you die .	When you learn to cook then you will die .	pres_fut	346
They discuss economic , political and terrorism-related issues .	They will discuss economic , political and terrorism-related issues .	pres_fut	347
And we maintain a diverse , integrated business portfolio .	And we will maintain a diverse , integrated business portfolio .	pres_fut	348
" We release them in groups , " he said Tuesday .	" We will release them in groups , " he said Tuesday .	pres_fut	349
I think he shares the confidence that we get it reversed .	I think he shares the confidence that we will get it reversed .	pres_fut	350
We assess how he performs in training .	We will assess how he performs in training .	pres_fut	351
We are hopeful that we see some clarification .	We are hopeful that we will see some clarification .	pres_fut	352
They 'll be O.K. , and we die .	They 'll be O.K. , and we will die .	pres_fut	353
And we continue to -- dialoguing with the Turks .	And we will continue to -- dialoguing with the Turks .	pres_fut	354
They feel like they are being torn apart .	They will feel like they are being torn apart .	pres_fut	355
If they get a nuclear weapon , they use it , quickly .	If they get a nuclear weapon , they will use it , quickly .	pres_fut	356
I hope you get information from the curator .	I hope you will get information from the curator .	pres_fut	357
All my friends are gone , so I do the same .	All my friends are gone , so I will do the same .	pres_fut	358
They depart from Faro Airport .	They will depart from Faro Airport .	pres_fut	359
We use that to ignite us .	We will use that to ignite us .	pres_fut	360
And under a Conservative government we control it .	And under a Conservative government we will control it .	pres_fut	361
For now , we wait .	For now , we will wait .	pres_fut	362
I use what I have until it is gone .	I will use what I have until it is gone .	pres_fut	363
Hopefully we know more at close of play today after the operation .	Hopefully we will know more at close of play today after the operation .	pres_fut	364
Workers are also concerned they lose money if the strikes continue .	Workers are also concerned they will lose money if the strikes continue .	pres_fut	365
" " But if we are targeted directly we defend ourselves .	" " But if we are targeted directly we will defend ourselves .	pres_fut	366
So we keep you posted .	So we will keep you posted .	pres_fut	367
They kick off the night session at Ashe .	They will kick off the night session at Ashe .	pres_fut	368
" " I continue to say that .	" " I will continue to say that .	pres_fut	369
After this attack , we increase the police patrols in the day .	After this attack , we will increase the police patrols in the day .	pres_fut	370
We do nothing to put at risk the Union .	We will do nothing to put at risk the Union .	pres_fut	371
And we ask them a great deal about their perceptions .	And we will ask them a great deal about their perceptions .	pres_fut	372
Many commenters raised general editorial concerns , which I deal with later .	Many commenters raised general editorial concerns , which I will deal with later .	pres_fut	373
I keep on going until I reach my goal .	I will keep on going until I reach my goal .	pres_fut	374
" You say , " Apollinarianism !	" You will say , " Apollinarianism !	pres_fut	375
I work with my Albanian colleagues , but our friendship ends there .	I will work with my Albanian colleagues , but our friendship ends there .	pres_fut	376
It seems inconceivable that they get into the Duma .	It seems inconceivable that they will get into the Duma .	pres_fut	377
But if you communicate and negotiate with them , they accept guidance .	But if you communicate and negotiate with them , they will accept guidance .	pres_fut	378
They provide for reduced infections and higher cleaning standards .	They will provide for reduced infections and higher cleaning standards .	pres_fut	379
Of course we respond to messages .	Of course we will respond to messages .	pres_fut	380
Please fill in the following information and we email this link .	Please fill in the following information and we will email this link .	pres_fut	381
We do our utmost bring the offender to justice .	We will do our utmost bring the offender to justice .	pres_fut	382
" " Demand , and you receive .	" " Demand , and you will receive .	pres_fut	383
If you get convicted , they commute your sentence .	If you get convicted , they will commute your sentence .	pres_fut	384
She hopes they marry , she said .	She hopes they will marry , she said .	pres_fut	385
We miss him and wish him well in his retirement .	We will miss him and wish him well in his retirement .	pres_fut	386
They have indicated that they let a strike happen .	They have indicated that they will let a strike happen .	pres_fut	387
And if they reach a deal I go to Chelsea .	And if they reach a deal I will go to Chelsea .	pres_fut	388
We finish the job of building permanent shelters by December 2008 .	We will finish the job of building permanent shelters by December 2008 .	pres_fut	389
As for me , I buy second hand items .	As for me , I will buy second hand items .	pres_fut	390
You understand that you are not acting correctly .	You will understand that you are not acting correctly .	pres_fut	391
This afternoon I lay out my initial thoughts .	This afternoon I will lay out my initial thoughts .	pres_fut	392
" But I look at them very carefully , " he said .	" But I will look at them very carefully , " he said .	pres_fut	393
In all markets we differentiate ourselves through technology , reliability and execution .	In all markets we will differentiate ourselves through technology , reliability and execution .	pres_fut	394
Similarly , we wipe out terrorism from this land soon .	Similarly , we will wipe out terrorism from this land soon .	pres_fut	395
We wait for his return .	We will wait for his return .	pres_fut	396
If you get sick seriously , you die .	If you get sick seriously , you will die .	pres_fut	397
But I deliver the punchline when I am 150 years old .	But I will deliver the punchline when I am 150 years old .	pres_fut	398
MACAU , China ( CNN ) -- Build it and they come .	MACAU , China ( CNN ) -- Build it and they will come .	pres_fut	399
In September we launch IncBizNet , our social network for private companies .	In September we will launch IncBizNet , our social network for private companies .	pres_fut	400
But we see you tomorrow as we wrap up the week .	But we will see you tomorrow as we wrap up the week .	pres_fut	401
You cannot assume we see these guys again .	You cannot assume we will see these guys again .	pres_fut	402
That is step one and we take it from there .	That is step one and we will take it from there .	pres_fut	403
Q And we leave it right there .	Q And we will leave it right there .	pres_fut	404
But they lose that pay for the duration of the strike .	But they will lose that pay for the duration of the strike .	pres_fut	405
We take threats seriously .	We will take threats seriously .	pres_fut	406
From next April , they pay only 18 per cent .	From next April , they will pay only 18 per cent .	pres_fut	407
We bring the country out of this crisis .	We will bring the country out of this crisis .	pres_fut	408
From now on , they become city dwellers .	From now on , they will become city dwellers .	pres_fut	409
We discussed a range of proposals we hope they accept .	We discussed a range of proposals we hope they will accept .	pres_fut	410
As weeks go by I evaluate if he is happy or not .	As weeks go by I will evaluate if he is happy or not .	pres_fut	411
If not , they sink into darkness , as the Quran says .	If not , they will sink into darkness , as the Quran says .	pres_fut	412
They ask that each nation send its highest-ranking appropriate official to Annapolis .	They will ask that each nation send its highest-ranking appropriate official to Annapolis .	pres_fut	413
I sum up what I know so far .	I will sum up what I know so far .	pres_fut	414
They present a second workshop at Juilliard in January 2009 .	They will present a second workshop at Juilliard in January 2009 .	pres_fut	415
Another is that they consider evolution of the strategic plan .	Another is that they will consider evolution of the strategic plan .	pres_fut	416
And we play those guys .	And we will play those guys .	pres_fut	417
There are so many aspects that we focus on .	There are so many aspects that we will focus on .	pres_fut	418
They make ballparks desolate sites .	They will make ballparks desolate sites .	pres_fut	419
You get 12 years for this .	You will get 12 years for this .	pres_fut	420
Like floaters , they cast a shadow .	Like floaters , they will cast a shadow .	pres_fut	421
And that is a big part of what they miss .	And that is a big part of what they will miss .	pres_fut	422
But we try to find out .	But we will try to find out .	pres_fut	423
They increase by 310,000 by the end of the decade .	They will increase by 310,000 by the end of the decade .	pres_fut	424
That is what Democratic leaders are signaling they do .	That is what Democratic leaders are signaling they will do .	pres_fut	425
I discuss this issue with Sumgayit city leadership .	I will discuss this issue with Sumgayit city leadership .	pres_fut	426
I update as the day progresses .	I will update as the day progresses .	pres_fut	427
We accept only armed soldiers as representatives of armed states .	We will accept only armed soldiers as representatives of armed states .	pres_fut	428
I mail the letters .	I will mail the letters .	pres_fut	429
So I do some exercise for here .	So I will do some exercise for here .	pres_fut	430
Although I tell you that I have experienced a deathbed conversion .	Although I will tell you that I have experienced a deathbed conversion .	pres_fut	431
Later , filling out the accident report , you need much information .	Later , filling out the accident report , you will need much information .	pres_fut	432
We miss him greatly .	We will miss him greatly .	pres_fut	433
I am thinking about it and we see if anything develops .	I am thinking about it and we will see if anything develops .	pres_fut	434
I think about it in the next couple of days .	I will think about it in the next couple of days .	pres_fut	435
They discuss potential cooperation between similar sectors in both countries .	They will discuss potential cooperation between similar sectors in both countries .	pres_fut	436
That is one promise we expect to see kept .	That is one promise we will expect to see kept .	pres_fut	437
We see this year 's Benfica tomorrow .	We will see this year 's Benfica tomorrow .	pres_fut	438
I know it , and they simply will not .	I will know it , and they simply will not .	pres_fut	439
You need Ordnance Survey Map 41 .	You will need Ordnance Survey Map 41 .	pres_fut	440
Together , we seize the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead .	Together , we will seize the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead .	pres_fut	441
We continue to react against Israeli crimes .	We will continue to react against Israeli crimes .	pres_fut	442
id = 1604882007 This is how we choose to remember her .	id = 1604882007 This is how we will choose to remember her .	pres_fut	443
We see it through .	We will see it through .	pres_fut	444
I expect that everyone can just respect that .	I will expect that everyone can just respect that .	pres_fut	445
And it is is not something which we spell out specifically .	And it is is not something which we will spell out specifically .	pres_fut	446
What they do with them , I cannot imagine .	What they will do with them , I cannot imagine .	pres_fut	447
" " I get the first one !	" " I will get the first one !	pres_fut	448
Welch Allyn AED-10 defibrillators recalled We see that when we experience it .	Welch Allyn AED-10 defibrillators recalled We will see that when we experience it .	pres_fut	449
They need to accommodate this growing involvement of the private sector .	They will need to accommodate this growing involvement of the private sector .	pres_fut	450
By activating neighborhood networks we mobilize voters across the political spectrum .	By activating neighborhood networks we will mobilize voters across the political spectrum .	pres_fut	451
you accomplish your goal .	you will accomplish your goal .	pres_fut	452
We live up to a higher standard .	We will live up to a higher standard .	pres_fut	453
I comply .	I will comply .	pres_fut	454
Divorce lawyers believe they settle .	Divorce lawyers believe they will settle .	pres_fut	455
We make an assessment then .	We will make an assessment then .	pres_fut	456
I discuss the changes our strategy has brought to Iraq .	I will discuss the changes our strategy has brought to Iraq .	pres_fut	457
Jocelyn and Jon Cornbleet said they continue to fight for his extradition .	Jocelyn and Jon Cornbleet said they will continue to fight for his extradition .	pres_fut	458
We deal with it at home , though .	We will deal with it at home , though .	pres_fut	459
And , as you see , every little bit matters .	And , as you will see , every little bit matters .	pres_fut	460
I share that excitement .	I will share that excitement .	pres_fut	461
HOYER : I think we pass this .	HOYER : I think we will pass this .	pres_fut	462
And then I take oath .	And then I will take oath .	pres_fut	463
But they do better if they are simply downsized .	But they will do better if they are simply downsized .	pres_fut	464
And that is exactly what we continue to do .	And that is exactly what we will continue to do .	pres_fut	465
They appear at Kingston-Upon-Thames Magistrates ' Court on 15 November .	They will appear at Kingston-Upon-Thames Magistrates ' Court on 15 November .	pres_fut	466
Our view is if we work hard then we reap the rewards .	Our view is if we work hard then we will reap the rewards .	pres_fut	467
If the facts say otherwise , we act and take our responsibilities .	If the facts say otherwise , we will act and take our responsibilities .	pres_fut	468
And so we take the action necessary to keep that from happening .	And so we will take the action necessary to keep that from happening .	pres_fut	469
If all monks agree , we carry on .	If all monks agree , we will carry on .	pres_fut	470
" " Maybe we look at that one day .	" " Maybe we will look at that one day .	pres_fut	471
So we see .	So we will see .	pres_fut	472
They oppose Republicans Rudy Giuliani and Mike Huckabee in the general election .	They will oppose Republicans Rudy Giuliani and Mike Huckabee in the general election .	pres_fut	473
And it is not something which we spell out specifically .	And it is not something which we will spell out specifically .	pres_fut	474
I cooperate fully with the person appointed .	I will cooperate fully with the person appointed .	pres_fut	475
If carriers aren 't shaping up , we impose restrictions .	If carriers aren 't shaping up , we will impose restrictions .	pres_fut	476
But they overcome fear to eat .	But they will overcome fear to eat .	pres_fut	477
We follow the evidence .	We will follow the evidence .	pres_fut	478
We await their report and consider it carefully .	We will await their report and consider it carefully .	pres_fut	479
Hopefully they agree to that .	Hopefully they will agree to that .	pres_fut	480
They resume this morning , focusing on the upper floor and loft .	They will resume this morning , focusing on the upper floor and loft .	pres_fut	481
Yes , and I go there .	Yes , and I will go there .	pres_fut	482
Under this climate of fear they begin to feel victimised .	Under this climate of fear they will begin to feel victimised .	pres_fut	483
" " This is not something which I disobey .	" " This is not something which I will disobey .	pres_fut	484
I have faith that I receive a fair hearing .	I have faith that I will receive a fair hearing .	pres_fut	485
We continue to add to our world class merchandise team .	We will continue to add to our world class merchandise team .	pres_fut	486
We are confident they clear their names shortly .	We are confident they will clear their names shortly .	pres_fut	487
They play the Patriots in Foxborough , Mass .	They will play the Patriots in Foxborough , Mass .	pres_fut	488
I am sure some of you howl with indignation at this assertion .	I am sure some of you will howl with indignation at this assertion .	pres_fut	489
We take measurements at the end of every month .	We will take measurements at the end of every month .	pres_fut	490
We continue working to make sure our community is safe again .	We will continue working to make sure our community is safe again .	pres_fut	491
If you get caught , they get you immunity .	If you get caught , they will get you immunity .	pres_fut	492
Addis Ababa hopes they help it compensate for extremely scarce resources .	Addis Ababa hopes they will help it compensate for extremely scarce resources .	pres_fut	493
By hook or by crook , I stay on Tennessee Street .	By hook or by crook , I will stay on Tennessee Street .	pres_fut	494
But we try to give them a tough time .	But we will try to give them a tough time .	pres_fut	495
They worry about October if they even get there .	They will worry about October if they even get there .	pres_fut	496
That is where you find real music television these days .	That is where you will find real music television these days .	pres_fut	497
They get nowhere trying to challenge Gordon Brown 's authenticity .	They will get nowhere trying to challenge Gordon Brown 's authenticity .	pres_fut	498
On this course you play every club in your bag .	On this course you will play every club in your bag .	pres_fut	499
We get back on track as we always do .	We will get back on track as we always do .	pres_fut	500
Then , they come and threaten us to obtain another concession .	Then , they will come and threaten us to obtain another concession .	pres_fut	501
They remain at the trust .	They will remain at the trust .	pres_fut	502
They have said they return to Portugal for questioning if needed .	They have said they will return to Portugal for questioning if needed .	pres_fut	503
Symphony No. 4 We stay here until we feel it is safe .	Symphony No. 4 We will stay here until we feel it is safe .	pres_fut	504
Below you find links to our guide to the workings of Parliament .	Below you will find links to our guide to the workings of Parliament .	pres_fut	505
There are just our international liabilities , and we fulfill them .	There are just our international liabilities , and we will fulfill them .	pres_fut	506
They come up against opposition from some quarters .	They will come up against opposition from some quarters .	pres_fut	507
In the future we see .	In the future we will see .	pres_fut	508
If everything goes well , I play .	If everything goes well , I will play .	pres_fut	509
I start celebrating when I reach 43 days .	I will start celebrating when I reach 43 days .	pres_fut	510
And they know I veto it .	And they know I will veto it .	pres_fut	511
" They need five years , " she said .	" They will need five years , " she said .	pres_fut	512
If they do , I think they stop stirring the pot .	If they do , I think they will stop stirring the pot .	pres_fut	513
How they mesh remains unclear .	How they will mesh remains unclear .	pres_fut	514
They replace comprehensive performance assessments , which focus solely on individual councils .	They will replace comprehensive performance assessments , which focus solely on individual councils .	pres_fut	515
If they do , we save millions tons of water each year .	If they do , we will save millions tons of water each year .	pres_fut	516
We see now how he uses it .	We will see now how he uses it .	pres_fut	517
" We clean it up , " Wilson said .	" We will clean it up , " Wilson said .	pres_fut	518
I give the highlights of that statement in a moment .	I will give the highlights of that statement in a moment .	pres_fut	519
And many students say they join him .	And many students say they will join him .	pres_fut	520
Go for it , because I do even more .	Go for it , because I will do even more .	pres_fut	521
I am convinced we win though .	I am convinced we will win though .	pres_fut	522
I really hope they reconsider .	I really hope they will reconsider .	pres_fut	523
I consult my stable master .	I will consult my stable master .	pres_fut	524
We see soon how Musharraf acts .	We will see soon how Musharraf acts .	pres_fut	525
" We change our procedure on that , " Belichick said .	" We will change our procedure on that , " Belichick said .	pres_fut	526
But if he deserves to be here , we make room .	But if he deserves to be here , we will make room .	pres_fut	527
We give health coverage to everyone .	We will give health coverage to everyone .	pres_fut	528
" We change our procedure on that , " the coach said .	" We will change our procedure on that , " the coach said .	pres_fut	529
I try never , ever , ever to use that word again .	I will try never , ever , ever to use that word again .	pres_fut	530
Yes , we do video .	Yes , we will do video .	pres_fut	531
They reappear at the court in the new year .	They will reappear at the court in the new year .	pres_fut	532
Then I remember the times we had together .	Then I will remember the times we had together .	pres_fut	533
What you start , we do .	What you start , we will do .	pres_fut	534
We remain hopeful we get her back safely .	We remain hopeful we will get her back safely .	pres_fut	535
We deliver .	We will deliver .	pres_fut	536
Financial advisors that work for you charge you a fixed fee .	Financial advisors that work for you will charge you a fixed fee .	pres_fut	537
We are confident that we meet our 2007 full year performance guidance .	We are confident that we will meet our 2007 full year performance guidance .	pres_fut	538
But from next April , they pay just 18 per cent tax .	But from next April , they will pay just 18 per cent tax .	pres_fut	539
They meet again Sunday in Denver .	They will meet again Sunday in Denver .	pres_fut	540
We consult all the political parties to take any decision about it .	We will consult all the political parties to take any decision about it .	pres_fut	541
Then you see football through the eyes of a ten-year-old .	Then you will see football through the eyes of a ten-year-old .	pres_fut	542
I investigate every single one of those journalists .	I will investigate every single one of those journalists .	pres_fut	543
Otherwise they become mere offshoots of the state .	Otherwise they will become mere offshoots of the state .	pres_fut	544
We go forward and join consensus .	We will go forward and join consensus .	pres_fut	545
We learn from this .	We will learn from this .	pres_fut	546
We resist it .	We will resist it .	pres_fut	547
But I come back next year stronger , for sure .	But I will come back next year stronger , for sure .	pres_fut	548
We continue to provide Inventec with outstanding service in years to come .	We will continue to provide Inventec with outstanding service in years to come .	pres_fut	549
We dismantle these networks no matter where they set up in business .	We will dismantle these networks no matter where they set up in business .	pres_fut	550
If it continues , we lose them in 10-12 years .	If it continues , we will lose them in 10-12 years .	pres_fut	551
In its peace , you find peace ' .	In its peace , you will find peace ' .	pres_fut	552
I hope that I see that day .	I hope that I will see that day .	pres_fut	553
They call me when their families are having problems .	They will call me when their families are having problems .	pres_fut	554
I appeal this .	I will appeal this .	pres_fut	555
I stand up for a strong Britain .	I will stand up for a strong Britain .	pres_fut	556
We test right before or right after Thanksgiving .	We will test right before or right after Thanksgiving .	pres_fut	557
We try and find allies for this cause .	We will try and find allies for this cause .	pres_fut	558
They face hatred they did not create and violence they cannot resolve .	They will face hatred they did not create and violence they cannot resolve .	pres_fut	559
When they stop wanting it , they stop paying for it .	When they stop wanting it , they will stop paying for it .	pres_fut	560
You are 26 , you get over the love .	You are 26 , you will get over the love .	pres_fut	561
As we move forward , we continue to welcome new ideas .	As we move forward , we will continue to welcome new ideas .	pres_fut	562
I miss him and the dancing more than I had ever imagined .	I will miss him and the dancing more than I had ever imagined .	pres_fut	563
We focus the entire organisation on the return on capital .	We will focus the entire organisation on the return on capital .	pres_fut	564
They begin using the new citizenship test Oct. 1 , 2008 .	They will begin using the new citizenship test Oct. 1 , 2008 .	pres_fut	565
It is going to take time and we monitor the situation .	It is going to take time and we will monitor the situation .	pres_fut	566
And you pay dearly for it .	And you will pay dearly for it .	pres_fut	567
I receive my degree in ancient philosophy .	I will receive my degree in ancient philosophy .	pres_fut	568
I work him with exactly the way I worked with Martin .	I will work him with exactly the way I worked with Martin .	pres_fut	569
The world economy I plug until the beat is gone .	The world economy I will plug until the beat is gone .	pres_fut	570
Instead they stress the special place books have in society .	Instead they will stress the special place books have in society .	pres_fut	571
I spend about the same as last year .	I will spend about the same as last year .	pres_fut	572
E-mail Col. Hunt We pay no attention .	E-mail Col. Hunt We will pay no attention .	pres_fut	573
We try to do it against Lithuania .	We will try to do it against Lithuania .	pres_fut	574
" Now we bring revolution , " Rehmatullah said .	" Now we will bring revolution , " Rehmatullah said .	pres_fut	575
So , we see .	So , we will see .	pres_fut	576
They share the $ 1.5 million prize .	They will share the $ 1.5 million prize .	pres_fut	577
" " We welcome Rick Tocchet back on Feb. 7 , 2008 .	" " We will welcome Rick Tocchet back on Feb. 7 , 2008 .	pres_fut	578
It is something that we persist with .	It is something that we will persist with .	pres_fut	579
" " And they get listened to .	" " And they will get listened to .	pres_fut	580
They go before Fife Council later in the year .	They will go before Fife Council later in the year .	pres_fut	581
Banks typically locate branches where they believe they get the most deposits .	Banks typically locate branches where they believe they will get the most deposits .	pres_fut	582
You need a Freeview aerial , satellite , cable or broadband .	You will need a Freeview aerial , satellite , cable or broadband .	pres_fut	583
And that position is the position I defend until the end .	And that position is the position I will defend until the end .	pres_fut	584
We take the revenge on the rulers .	We will take the revenge on the rulers .	pres_fut	585
Whether they take that look remains to be seen .	Whether they will take that look remains to be seen .	pres_fut	586
But we back ourselves on Saturday .	But we will back ourselves on Saturday .	pres_fut	587
And I can tell you right now I win New Hampshire .	And I can tell you right now I will win New Hampshire .	pres_fut	588
I work with Nawaz Sharif .	I will work with Nawaz Sharif .	pres_fut	589
They run out of groundwater if the current rate continues .	They will run out of groundwater if the current rate continues .	pres_fut	590
We consider aid once we see progress on the abductions issue .	We will consider aid once we see progress on the abductions issue .	pres_fut	591
" We implement the report , " Barak promised the committee .	" We will implement the report , " Barak promised the committee .	pres_fut	592
They fear neither team in Saturday 's final .	They will fear neither team in Saturday 's final .	pres_fut	593
" I think they come back , " he said softly .	" I think they will come back , " he said softly .	pres_fut	594
They appear on billboards as young people play their favourite titles .	They will appear on billboards as young people play their favourite titles .	pres_fut	595
As we go forward , we finish up some of this legislation .	As we go forward , we will finish up some of this legislation .	pres_fut	596
Perhaps we catch him next time .	Perhaps we will catch him next time .	pres_fut	597
We drive down Total Cost of Ownership while Supercharging System performance .	We will drive down Total Cost of Ownership while Supercharging System performance .	pres_fut	598
Atlantic City Mayor Resigns After Two-Week Absence But we see .	Atlantic City Mayor Resigns After Two-Week Absence But we will see .	pres_fut	599
When you stand for your liberty , we stand with you .	When you stand for your liberty , we will stand with you .	pres_fut	600
You exercise in the pool and walk three miles a day .	You will exercise in the pool and walk three miles a day .	pres_fut	601
Otherwise we fire .	Otherwise we will fire .	pres_fut	602
I find her before that period is up .	I will find her before that period is up .	pres_fut	603
Yes , we do games .	Yes , we will do games .	pres_fut	604
The tyres will struggle and we see some odd strategies .	The tyres will struggle and we will see some odd strategies .	pres_fut	605
Anything that is around me , I catch .	Anything that is around me , I will catch .	pres_fut	606
" We try Phil Spector again , " the spokeswoman said .	" We will try Phil Spector again , " the spokeswoman said .	pres_fut	607
They light a lantern in the Prayer Hall .	They will light a lantern in the Prayer Hall .	pres_fut	608
But we see you right back here tomorrow .	But we will see you right back here tomorrow .	pres_fut	609
Address those problems and then you see some progress .	Address those problems and then you will see some progress .	pres_fut	610
SOURCE Sosei Group Corporation We oppose compulsory redundancies affecting our members .	SOURCE Sosei Group Corporation We will oppose compulsory redundancies affecting our members .	pres_fut	611
In 2008 we see what that means .	In 2008 we will see what that means .	pres_fut	612
We shop for a better offer .	We will shop for a better offer .	pres_fut	613
They adhere to an ideological position and then change it .	They will adhere to an ideological position and then change it .	pres_fut	614
Forgive , and you stop hurting .	Forgive , and you will stop hurting .	pres_fut	615
You need to consider various possibilities of driver error .	You will need to consider various possibilities of driver error .	pres_fut	616
" I say the stuff is pretty sensational , " he said .	" I will say the stuff is pretty sensational , " he said .	pres_fut	617
Equipment : You need one temp for each player .	Equipment : You will need one temp for each player .	pres_fut	618
I understand him and I follow his orders .	I understand him and I will follow his orders .	pres_fut	619
" I believe we continue to grow , " Mr. Paulson said .	" I believe we will continue to grow , " Mr. Paulson said .	pres_fut	620
They swamp big city airports and major interstate highways .	They will swamp big city airports and major interstate highways .	pres_fut	621
You die .	You will die .	pres_fut	622
That is all you do anyway - even if you test positive .	That is all you will do anyway - even if you test positive .	pres_fut	623
You need to replace the lipstick .	You will need to replace the lipstick .	pres_fut	624
You do the wrong thing .	You will do the wrong thing .	pres_fut	625
So we reform stroke services and save lives .	So we will reform stroke services and save lives .	pres_fut	626
McLaren have not yet decided if they appeal Thursday 's decision .	McLaren have not yet decided if they will appeal Thursday 's decision .	pres_fut	627
If he does not quit , we kill him .	If he does not quit , we will kill him .	pres_fut	628
We encounter many other things , of course .	We will encounter many other things , of course .	pres_fut	629
" We need to monitor inflation developments carefully , " he said .	" We will need to monitor inflation developments carefully , " he said .	pres_fut	630
And we ignore those that cannot .	And we will ignore those that cannot .	pres_fut	631
I win big .	I will win big .	pres_fut	632
We need more qualified people running the Fed in the future .	We will need more qualified people running the Fed in the future .	pres_fut	633
The answer is , we know soon .	The answer is , we will know soon .	pres_fut	634
They fly dogs across the United States .	They will fly dogs across the United States .	pres_fut	635
The right approach , as I argue today , has three components .	The right approach , as I will argue today , has three components .	pres_fut	636
He is still day-to-day , and we see what happens .	He is still day-to-day , and we will see what happens .	pres_fut	637
We get some guys back in December .	We will get some guys back in December .	pres_fut	638
They bring to 18 the total number of satellites mapping Russian territory .	They will bring to 18 the total number of satellites mapping Russian territory .	pres_fut	639
" I fight whatever they tell me , " Cotto said .	" I will fight whatever they tell me , " Cotto said .	pres_fut	640
" " We continue to take all actions to maximise shareholder value .	" " We will continue to take all actions to maximise shareholder value .	pres_fut	641
And we introduce a major abstinence-based drugs rehabilitation program .	And we will introduce a major abstinence-based drugs rehabilitation program .	pres_fut	642
Their 20-day journey should mean they make it in time for Christmas .	Their 20-day journey should mean they will make it in time for Christmas .	pres_fut	643
We do everything to challenge .	We will do everything to challenge .	pres_fut	644
The Giants are the better team and they win this game .	The Giants are the better team and they will win this game .	pres_fut	645
Yes , you learn a lot .	Yes , you will learn a lot .	pres_fut	646
We target Asian markets specifically such as China and India .	We will target Asian markets specifically such as China and India .	pres_fut	647
And we continue working to that end .	And we will continue working to that end .	pres_fut	648
" I stay here until things are calm , " Jean said .	" I will stay here until things are calm , " Jean said .	pres_fut	649
If we have the insurance , we rebuild .	If we have the insurance , we will rebuild .	pres_fut	650
I save one of his jokes for the end .	I will save one of his jokes for the end .	pres_fut	651
We fight , Britain will win .	We will fight , Britain will win .	pres_fut	652
" " And they know I veto it .	" " And they know I will veto it .	pres_fut	653
Increasingly they depend for growth on their performance abroad , particularly America .	Increasingly they will depend for growth on their performance abroad , particularly America .	pres_fut	654
Next time I keep watch .	Next time I will keep watch .	pres_fut	655
The rest of you stay .	The rest of you will stay .	pres_fut	656
They set the aims and objectives for a school and monitor progress .	They will set the aims and objectives for a school and monitor progress .	pres_fut	657
They work to increase the amount later in the semester .	They will work to increase the amount later in the semester .	pres_fut	658
You get a good belly laugh at the end of the season .	You will get a good belly laugh at the end of the season .	pres_fut	659
We fight .	We will fight .	pres_fut	660
You find the milky substance remains in the bottom of the saucepan .	You will find the milky substance remains in the bottom of the saucepan .	pres_fut	661
Likewise this goes for most politicians who say they cut emissions dramatically .	Likewise this goes for most politicians who say they will cut emissions dramatically .	pres_fut	662
You get more moments of joy ' .	You will get more moments of joy ' .	pres_fut	663
We wait and see what the consultation process says .	We will wait and see what the consultation process says .	pres_fut	664
I continue to be a revolutionary .	I will continue to be a revolutionary .	pres_fut	665
With that , I proceed to see what 's available .	With that , I will proceed to see what 's available .	pres_fut	666
We support Anbar much more than before .	We will support Anbar much more than before .	pres_fut	667
So we come back to her in a minute !	So we will come back to her in a minute !	pres_fut	668
Then we go and Google Blue Ridge Capital .	Then we will go and Google Blue Ridge Capital .	pres_fut	669
I preserve my impartiality with the greatest of care .	I will preserve my impartiality with the greatest of care .	pres_fut	670
The minute we drop that is the moment we get stung .	The minute we drop that is the moment we will get stung .	pres_fut	671
" I cry on my own , " he said .	" I will cry on my own , " he said .	pres_fut	672
I stand up for our schools and hospitals .	I will stand up for our schools and hospitals .	pres_fut	673
At that point , we decide whether to make further investments .	At that point , we will decide whether to make further investments .	pres_fut	674
I think we win .	I think we will win .	pres_fut	675
With Barack Obama , what you get is less certain .	With Barack Obama , what you will get is less certain .	pres_fut	676
Whether you buy his portrait of Thomas Jefferson is another story .	Whether you will buy his portrait of Thomas Jefferson is another story .	pres_fut	677
It is something they treasure for the rest of their lives .	It is something they will treasure for the rest of their lives .	pres_fut	678
And we give them everything they need to succeed .	And we will give them everything they need to succeed .	pres_fut	679
We try this case and win this case in the courtroom .	We will try this case and win this case in the courtroom .	pres_fut	680
Executives there have hinted that they match Facebook 's platform strategy soon .	Executives there have hinted that they will match Facebook 's platform strategy soon .	pres_fut	681
But we give it the best shot we have .	But we will give it the best shot we have .	pres_fut	682
' they say " Leave the American and kill the other .	' they will say " Leave the American and kill the other .	pres_fut	683
We did not get a good start , but we keep going .	We did not get a good start , but we will keep going .	pres_fut	684
If they are deemed uninsurable , they lose acting roles .	If they are deemed uninsurable , they will lose acting roles .	pres_fut	685
We do our best .	We will do our best .	pres_fut	686
We continue these protests peacefully every day until we win .	We will continue these protests peacefully every day until we win .	pres_fut	687
Then , you feel groggy if you do not get it .	Then , you will feel groggy if you do not get it .	pres_fut	688
" I look into what had happened , " he said .	" I will look into what had happened , " he said .	pres_fut	689
I am not sure what role I play in all five companies .	I am not sure what role I will play in all five companies .	pres_fut	690
" " I promise I blog every day .	" " I promise I will blog every day .	pres_fut	691
I am sure we break it in 2008 .	I am sure we will break it in 2008 .	pres_fut	692
We track them very carefully .	We will track them very carefully .	pres_fut	693
They have got nothing , nothing at all , they stop .	They have got nothing , nothing at all , they will stop .	pres_fut	694
Tonight they sleep on foreign sand .	Tonight they will sleep on foreign sand .	pres_fut	695
I am proud of my record , and I stand on it .	I am proud of my record , and I will stand on it .	pres_fut	696
Maybe they take them off me then .	Maybe they will take them off me then .	pres_fut	697
We go forward in a very strong way .	We will go forward in a very strong way .	pres_fut	698
Give them to me , I take care of them .	Give them to me , I will take care of them .	pres_fut	699
Sometimes we stop taping because I am just drenched .	Sometimes we will stop taping because I am just drenched .	pres_fut	700
They leave the mountains .	They will leave the mountains .	pres_fut	701
And they suffer greatly .	And they will suffer greatly .	pres_fut	702
We find out what the policy is .	We will find out what the policy is .	pres_fut	703
If not we stop right now .	If not we will stop right now .	pres_fut	704
But they listen .	But they will listen .	pres_fut	705
Maybe we play both of them , we will see .	Maybe we will play both of them , we will see .	pres_fut	706
We drink a glass of champagne or more .	We will drink a glass of champagne or more .	pres_fut	707
I miss the unique artist with such a big heart .	I will miss the unique artist with such a big heart .	pres_fut	708
We help them to progress .	We will help them to progress .	pres_fut	709
You learn if there are any big financial or legal liabilities looming .	You will learn if there are any big financial or legal liabilities looming .	pres_fut	710
You cannot make everything a fight , because we see it through .	You cannot make everything a fight , because we will see it through .	pres_fut	711
They walk the streets between 2200 and 0400 BST at the weekends .	They will walk the streets between 2200 and 0400 BST at the weekends .	pres_fut	712
We support a referendum .	We will support a referendum .	pres_fut	713
The Republic 's government has said they pay for a replacement .	The Republic 's government has said they will pay for a replacement .	pres_fut	714
They sell for about $ 15 a bottle .	They will sell for about $ 15 a bottle .	pres_fut	715
They need refrigerators and portable sinks .	They will need refrigerators and portable sinks .	pres_fut	716
I win next time round .	I will win next time round .	pres_fut	717
I promise we try to go .	I promise we will try to go .	pres_fut	718
Democratic officials warned they consider doing the same to Michigan .	Democratic officials warned they will consider doing the same to Michigan .	pres_fut	719
So I put it down to a bad day at the office .	So I will put it down to a bad day at the office .	pres_fut	720
They burn in hellfire on this earth and in the hereafter .	They will burn in hellfire on this earth and in the hereafter .	pres_fut	721
Accept that you give in to temptation and eat mindlessly .	Accept that you will give in to temptation and eat mindlessly .	pres_fut	722
They change which drugs they cover for safety and financial reasons .	They change which drugs they will cover for safety and financial reasons .	pres_fut	723
They face a new trial next month .	They will face a new trial next month .	pres_fut	724
We continue to work judiciously to review this matter .	We will continue to work judiciously to review this matter .	pres_fut	725
I am quite convinced we win it .	I am quite convinced we will win it .	pres_fut	726
Oh yes , we clean them every day , they said .	Oh yes , we will clean them every day , they said .	pres_fut	727
I guess we see how it goes .	I guess we will see how it goes .	pres_fut	728
" " This time I invest and not spend everything .	" " This time I will invest and not spend everything .	pres_fut	729
I continue to say what I believe .	I will continue to say what I believe .	pres_fut	730
we run trains if the Government funds them .	we will run trains if the Government funds them .	pres_fut	731
I come and be with you forever .	I will come and be with you forever .	pres_fut	732
If they have interest we see where we go .	If they have interest we will see where we go .	pres_fut	733
We argue hotly about whether it is too icy to drive .	We will argue hotly about whether it is too icy to drive .	pres_fut	734
Sometimes they present a counteroffer , but not always .	Sometimes they will present a counteroffer , but not always .	pres_fut	735
But , God willing , we get rid of them .	But , God willing , we will get rid of them .	pres_fut	736
I miss his guidance , encouragement and friendship .	I will miss his guidance , encouragement and friendship .	pres_fut	737
But we see the next couple of days .	But we will see the next couple of days .	pres_fut	738
We are saying we negotiate with them .	We are saying we will negotiate with them .	pres_fut	739
" " I give you a real burial .	" " I will give you a real burial .	pres_fut	740
Maybe they listen now .	Maybe they will listen now .	pres_fut	741
Campaigns have their own energy and we see where it leads .	Campaigns have their own energy and we will see where it leads .	pres_fut	742
Danish national treasure stolen We ensure that it is defeated .	Danish national treasure stolen We will ensure that it is defeated .	pres_fut	743
Next time , I try to do better .	Next time , I will try to do better .	pres_fut	744
But , for now , we battle .	But , for now , we will battle .	pres_fut	745
Somehow , they spawn accessories .	Somehow , they will spawn accessories .	pres_fut	746
Just to say yes I marry you .	Just to say yes I will marry you .	pres_fut	747
For this you need a race licence .	For this you will need a race licence .	pres_fut	748
So we see what happens there .	So we will see what happens there .	pres_fut	749
You get in the way .	You will get in the way .	pres_fut	750
We are prepared for whatever they throw at us .	We are prepared for whatever they will throw at us .	pres_fut	751
And we get a chance to see how he feels on Wednesday .	And we will get a chance to see how he feels on Wednesday .	pres_fut	752
With any luck , we get there .	With any luck , we will get there .	pres_fut	753
We respond to any attack .	We will respond to any attack .	pres_fut	754
I do not think we see change .	I do not think we will see change .	pres_fut	755
We stay resolved , we will stay focused on our democracy .	We will stay resolved , we will stay focused on our democracy .	pres_fut	756
They get you .	They will get you .	pres_fut	757
That costs nothing and that is how they succeed .	That costs nothing and that is how they will succeed .	pres_fut	758
Hopefully we move beyond this fairly soon .	Hopefully we will move beyond this fairly soon .	pres_fut	759
We resist it but the parliamentary arithmetic will decide it .	We will resist it but the parliamentary arithmetic will decide it .	pres_fut	760
THEN we open that discussion .	THEN we will open that discussion .	pres_fut	761
" And I tell you this , " Neuzil says .	" And I will tell you this , " Neuzil says .	pres_fut	762
You entertain more .	You will entertain more .	pres_fut	763
They relocate with him on Jan. 19 to Sullivan 's Island .	They will relocate with him on Jan. 19 to Sullivan 's Island .	pres_fut	764
There has been plenty of speculation , I say that .	There has been plenty of speculation , I will say that .	pres_fut	765
But they call federal agents when they believe they are required .	But they will call federal agents when they believe they are required .	pres_fut	766
I get to the Kermit Lynch wines soon , I promise .	I will get to the Kermit Lynch wines soon , I promise .	pres_fut	767
Coming very soon you see some more changes to the Web site .	Coming very soon you will see some more changes to the Web site .	pres_fut	768
They do not know what we do .	They do not know what we will do .	pres_fut	769
But if not , we continue .	But if not , we will continue .	pres_fut	770
I explain what he means with an oversimplified example .	I will explain what he means with an oversimplified example .	pres_fut	771
We know we feel secure in them , and comfortable .	We know we will feel secure in them , and comfortable .	pres_fut	772
I am guilty , and I take my punishment .	I am guilty , and I will take my punishment .	pres_fut	773
We bounce back .	We will bounce back .	pres_fut	774
" Of course I travel to Iran , " Putin said .	" Of course I will travel to Iran , " Putin said .	pres_fut	775
We continue to do so .	We will continue to do so .	pres_fut	776
We are so desperate that we take victory by any means .	We are so desperate that we will take victory by any means .	pres_fut	777
I predict eventually we see these in every city .	I predict eventually we will see these in every city .	pres_fut	778
In addition , we offer five SNPs in 2008 .	In addition , we will offer five SNPs in 2008 .	pres_fut	779
By mid-2008 we announce the final design of the mega airport terminals .	By mid-2008 we will announce the final design of the mega airport terminals .	pres_fut	780
We help counter the false populism promoted by hostile nations .	We will help counter the false populism promoted by hostile nations .	pres_fut	781
And that is what I talk about .	And that is what I will talk about .	pres_fut	782
You can call your local news channel and they come to you .	You can call your local news channel and they will come to you .	pres_fut	783
He anticipates that I refinance again in three to five years .	He anticipates that I will refinance again in three to five years .	pres_fut	784
This time , they say the risks have increased .	This time , they will say the risks have increased .	pres_fut	785
I behave by whatever the rules are .	I will behave by whatever the rules are .	pres_fut	786
If you stand off you pay the price .	If you stand off you will pay the price .	pres_fut	787
U.N. sends special envoy to Myanmar We pay above market rates .	U.N. sends special envoy to Myanmar We will pay above market rates .	pres_fut	788
We return the rest later .	We will return the rest later .	pres_fut	789
But if you still want to come , I understand .	But if you still want to come , I will understand .	pres_fut	790
I seize that opportunity by reintroducing ourselves to the world .	I will seize that opportunity by reintroducing ourselves to the world .	pres_fut	791
I instil our own style of discipline .	I will instil our own style of discipline .	pres_fut	792
They try to hold on to the shore .	They will try to hold on to the shore .	pres_fut	793
And we take revenge .	And we will take revenge .	pres_fut	794
We ensure sound intelligence and tough new border controls to prevent attacks .	We will ensure sound intelligence and tough new border controls to prevent attacks .	pres_fut	795
We know very soon which countries are supporting this .	We will know very soon which countries are supporting this .	pres_fut	796
If there is any doubt we respond as we do today .	If there is any doubt we will respond as we do today .	pres_fut	797
Last year we had 60,000 people and I think we beat that .	Last year we had 60,000 people and I think we will beat that .	pres_fut	798
We hope they cooperate with us .	We hope they will cooperate with us .	pres_fut	799
Each month , you earn a rent credit toward the purchase price .	Each month , you will earn a rent credit toward the purchase price .	pres_fut	800
He is looking good in training and we see .	He is looking good in training and we will see .	pres_fut	801
Tip when buying a grade-school computers : Realize they get trashed .	Tip when buying a grade-school computers : Realize they will get trashed .	pres_fut	802
We do everything to expose this odious crime .	We will do everything to expose this odious crime .	pres_fut	803
You need all the guidance you can get .	You will need all the guidance you can get .	pres_fut	804
Its leaders promise they hold elections in 2008 .	Its leaders promise they will hold elections in 2008 .	pres_fut	805
If not , we go from there .	If not , we will go from there .	pres_fut	806
They know soon enough whether they got their money 's worth .	They will know soon enough whether they got their money 's worth .	pres_fut	807
We win .	We will win .	pres_fut	808
They cease to be corrupt when corruption is made difficult and inconvenient .	They will cease to be corrupt when corruption is made difficult and inconvenient .	pres_fut	809
" " But we get it done .	" " But we will get it done .	pres_fut	810
" " We miss him for many years .	" " We will miss him for many years .	pres_fut	811
We strengthen the hand of protectionist lobbies beyond our borders .	We will strengthen the hand of protectionist lobbies beyond our borders .	pres_fut	812
Now they see whether users share their vision .	Now they will see whether users share their vision .	pres_fut	813
They play against Italian side Inter Milan .	They will play against Italian side Inter Milan .	pres_fut	814
About Phase One We simplify the tax affairs of millions .	About Phase One We will simplify the tax affairs of millions .	pres_fut	815
And be sure to check what you pay for technical support .	And be sure to check what you will pay for technical support .	pres_fut	816
That has many worrying how they feed herds this winter .	That has many worrying how they will feed herds this winter .	pres_fut	817
Many residents say they believe in the subway when they see it .	Many residents say they will believe in the subway when they see it .	pres_fut	818
They fail .	They will fail .	pres_fut	819
If he can make the metal shine brilliantly , they feel hope .	If he can make the metal shine brilliantly , they will feel hope .	pres_fut	820
" " In January we launch with soups .	" " In January we will launch with soups .	pres_fut	821
New Zealand and American athletes say they wear face masks if necessary .	New Zealand and American athletes say they will wear face masks if necessary .	pres_fut	822
E.W. Scripps to split into two companies I blow it .	E.W. Scripps to split into two companies I will blow it .	pres_fut	823
They lose their homes .	They will lose their homes .	pres_fut	824
It is a start and we monitor how effective this guidance is .	It is a start and we will monitor how effective this guidance is .	pres_fut	825
If you carefully keep yourselves from these things , you prosper .	If you carefully keep yourselves from these things , you will prosper .	pres_fut	826
What a difference they make to our collections .	What a difference they will make to our collections .	pres_fut	827
Johnny Depp and I play brother and sister in something .	Johnny Depp and I will play brother and sister in something .	pres_fut	828
" " So we see what happens .	" " So we will see what happens .	pres_fut	829
They learn about liberation movements , but only socialist ones .	They will learn about liberation movements , but only socialist ones .	pres_fut	830
I doubt they recur .	I doubt they will recur .	pres_fut	831
You see the Iranians move in and pick sides among the Shias .	You will see the Iranians move in and pick sides among the Shias .	pres_fut	832
They answer your questions on News 24 on Thursday November 1st .	They will answer your questions on News 24 on Thursday November 1st .	pres_fut	833
We hire the best person we can .	We will hire the best person we can .	pres_fut	834
It is quite possible they get out of the group .	It is quite possible they will get out of the group .	pres_fut	835
We Fear They Break Away .	We Fear They Will Break Away .	pres_fut	836
I miss Rolls- Royce and the great friends I have made here .	I will miss Rolls- Royce and the great friends I have made here .	pres_fut	837
We make sure the target is implemented and achieved .	We will make sure the target is implemented and achieved .	pres_fut	838
As long as I live I tell people it was a try .	As long as I live I will tell people it was a try .	pres_fut	839
When Opec meets , we discuss this issue .	When Opec meets , we will discuss this issue .	pres_fut	840
Today , we chant faster , stretch out our picket signs farther .	Today , we will chant faster , stretch out our picket signs farther .	pres_fut	841
I know I recover and I know I will bounce back .	I know I will recover and I know I will bounce back .	pres_fut	842
I do not know what we do without it .	I do not know what we will do without it .	pres_fut	843
If we are not , we get that picture too .	If we are not , we will get that picture too .	pres_fut	844
Gaylord officials have said that they exceed those expectations .	Gaylord officials have said that they will exceed those expectations .	pres_fut	845
" We hope they come to their senses , " he said .	" We hope they will come to their senses , " he said .	pres_fut	846
I guess we find out .	I guess we will find out .	pres_fut	847
We know at the end of ten years .	We will know at the end of ten years .	pres_fut	848
They play on any MP3 player .	They will play on any MP3 player .	pres_fut	849
So I refrain from endorsing that spot .	So I will refrain from endorsing that spot .	pres_fut	850
At which point , we break up .	At which point , we will break up .	pres_fut	851
Anyway , we go and have a beer now .	Anyway , we will go and have a beer now .	pres_fut	852
It is not nearly as simple as build it and they come .	It is not nearly as simple as build it and they will come .	pres_fut	853
We fight - Britain will win .	We will fight - Britain will win .	pres_fut	854
They think we are not serious .	They will think we are not serious .	pres_fut	855
That is how we look at it from here on .	That is how we will look at it from here on .	pres_fut	856
We take action to make sure that the United States is secure .	We will take action to make sure that the United States is secure .	pres_fut	857
" I think we win 21-18 , " he said .	" I think we will win 21-18 , " he said .	pres_fut	858
As committed soldiers , we see this mission through .	As committed soldiers , we will see this mission through .	pres_fut	859
We make it work either way .	We will make it work either way .	pres_fut	860
Hopefully , we learn in a few weeks the cause of accident .	Hopefully , we will learn in a few weeks the cause of accident .	pres_fut	861
O.K. , maybe I make a bad movie .	O.K. , maybe I will make a bad movie .	pres_fut	862
Maybe we find " Cheers ' soon .	Maybe we will find " Cheers ' soon .	pres_fut	863
I use a regular discount broker so that everyone can follow along .	I will use a regular discount broker so that everyone can follow along .	pres_fut	864
But we move on .	But we will move on .	pres_fut	865
We follow it until we kill the last terrorist in Iraq .	We will follow it until we kill the last terrorist in Iraq .	pres_fut	866
" " We continue the nuclear discussions with strength .	" " We will continue the nuclear discussions with strength .	pres_fut	867
We do it next time .	We will do it next time .	pres_fut	868
Two or three signings next year and we start making real progress .	Two or three signings next year and we will start making real progress .	pres_fut	869
And these are the issues and challenges that I continue to address .	And these are the issues and challenges that I will continue to address .	pres_fut	870
" I think we get there , " he said .	" I think we will get there , " he said .	pres_fut	871
The airlines say they sue if it tries .	The airlines say they will sue if it tries .	pres_fut	872
Discussions are ongoing ( and ) hopefully we resolve it soon .	Discussions are ongoing ( and ) hopefully we will resolve it soon .	pres_fut	873
We make sure we have the same vigilance this week .	We will make sure we have the same vigilance this week .	pres_fut	874
We continue to fly for Apple from Rockford , IL .	We will continue to fly for Apple from Rockford , IL .	pres_fut	875
We remove all the hindrances and obstacles that may lie ahead .	We will remove all the hindrances and obstacles that may lie ahead .	pres_fut	876
But they continue to monitor in-game attire .	But they will continue to monitor in-game attire .	pres_fut	877
They are concerned for Lute personally , not how they respond .	They are concerned for Lute personally , not how they will respond .	pres_fut	878
We have committed ourselves to dismantling illegal outposts and we remove them .	We have committed ourselves to dismantling illegal outposts and we will remove them .	pres_fut	879
PROTESTOR : We continue until we get democracy .	PROTESTOR : We will continue until we get democracy .	pres_fut	880
If I can get just $ 10 million , I win .	If I can get just $ 10 million , I will win .	pres_fut	881
We see where it goes from there .	We will see where it goes from there .	pres_fut	882
N.Y. Yankees 5 , Boston 0 We see .	N.Y. Yankees 5 , Boston 0 We will see .	pres_fut	883
We 'll prepare and we play the game on Sunday .	We 'll prepare and we will play the game on Sunday .	pres_fut	884
If they ask for one we provide it .	If they ask for one we will provide it .	pres_fut	885
If you meet me you learn about the culture .	If you meet me you will learn about the culture .	pres_fut	886
We become cities and lose our culture .	We will become cities and lose our culture .	pres_fut	887
We continue to meet the public .	We will continue to meet the public .	pres_fut	888
They hope to secure a move for Berbatov in January .	They will hope to secure a move for Berbatov in January .	pres_fut	889
Maulvi Sahib : OK , I come .	Maulvi Sahib : OK , I will come .	pres_fut	890
Nurse , we take those Kleenexes .	Nurse , we will take those Kleenexes .	pres_fut	891
They enter pleas at Birmingham Crown Court on November 26 .	They will enter pleas at Birmingham Crown Court on November 26 .	pres_fut	892
As they are hustlers , they take your money .	As they are hustlers , they will take your money .	pres_fut	893
" You find it very difficult to concentrate , " said Dijk .	" You will find it very difficult to concentrate , " said Dijk .	pres_fut	894
Maybe we stop being the has-been players retirement center .	Maybe we will stop being the has-been players retirement center .	pres_fut	895
And we work according -- together accordingly .	And we will work according -- together accordingly .	pres_fut	896
" We fight until our last , " Raja said .	" We will fight until our last , " Raja said .	pres_fut	897
We fight for Russia 's right to this plot .	We will fight for Russia 's right to this plot .	pres_fut	898
They come home , while their neighbors will return to smoking rubble .	They will come home , while their neighbors will return to smoking rubble .	pres_fut	899
This will be the fourth year that I wear it .	This will be the fourth year that I will wear it .	pres_fut	900
id = 1840052007 Mehsud : I wait for you .	id = 1840052007 Mehsud : I will wait for you .	pres_fut	901
We strengthen the democracy and unity of our country .	We will strengthen the democracy and unity of our country .	pres_fut	902
Then we sell more than 10 million a year .	Then we will sell more than 10 million a year .	pres_fut	903
We hope they do that .	We hope they will do that .	pres_fut	904
They know who he is now .	They will know who he is now .	pres_fut	905
I would like to play again soon and expect that I do .	I would like to play again soon and expect that I will do .	pres_fut	906
I beat Joe Calzaghe easily .	I will beat Joe Calzaghe easily .	pres_fut	907
Then you see how the SNP is fulfilling its elections pledges .	Then you will see how the SNP is fulfilling its elections pledges .	pres_fut	908
I review all entries in a couple of weeks .	I will review all entries in a couple of weeks .	pres_fut	909
We agree there may be odd people in hideouts .	We will agree there may be odd people in hideouts .	pres_fut	910
But Protasov is confident they put that behind them .	But Protasov is confident they will put that behind them .	pres_fut	911
I encourage , but not force anyone to do anything .	I will encourage , but not force anyone to do anything .	pres_fut	912
Officials said that , next week , they begin notifying those selected .	Officials said that , next week , they will begin notifying those selected .	pres_fut	913
" But I am convinced they return home , " he said .	" But I am convinced they will return home , " he said .	pres_fut	914
They host Avram Grant 's Chelsea in the first leg .	They will host Avram Grant 's Chelsea in the first leg .	pres_fut	915
But no one is sure they do so for long .	But no one is sure they will do so for long .	pres_fut	916
And I remind you that I predicted it .	And I will remind you that I predicted it .	pres_fut	917
It is in that spirit that I meet with President Assad .	It is in that spirit that I will meet with President Assad .	pres_fut	918
You start hearing all these sounds coming in .	You will start hearing all these sounds coming in .	pres_fut	919
" I support the strongest European bid , " he said .	" I will support the strongest European bid , " he said .	pres_fut	920
You lose your licence .	You will lose your licence .	pres_fut	921
Also , we improve stroke care .	Also , we will improve stroke care .	pres_fut	922
I say we write this legislation just as fast as we can .	I say we will write this legislation just as fast as we can .	pres_fut	923
But we can and we recover from this .	But we can and we will recover from this .	pres_fut	924
They receive the money in a ceremony in Stockholm on December .	They will receive the money in a ceremony in Stockholm on December .	pres_fut	925
We make our own history on Saturday .	We will make our own history on Saturday .	pres_fut	926
" We continue to take those precautions , " he said .	" We will continue to take those precautions , " he said .	pres_fut	927
No , I try to win .	No , I will try to win .	pres_fut	928
" They acquire you , " says Mr von Zedtwitz .	" They will acquire you , " says Mr von Zedtwitz .	pres_fut	929
Now we see how he matches up against the top 3-year-olds .	Now we will see how he matches up against the top 3-year-olds .	pres_fut	930
Buy yourself a gift that you enjoy .	Buy yourself a gift that you will enjoy .	pres_fut	931
" Maybe we make it harder on them , " Navarro said .	" Maybe we will make it harder on them , " Navarro said .	pres_fut	932
They break up the gangs .	They will break up the gangs .	pres_fut	933
If I want something , I barter for it .	If I want something , I will barter for it .	pres_fut	934
I fight you if I have to .	I will fight you if I have to .	pres_fut	935
They fly in to the city on a privately chartered plane .	They will fly in to the city on a privately chartered plane .	pres_fut	936
We know more once we have done a post-mortem later today .	We will know more once we have done a post-mortem later today .	pres_fut	937
" Next year I get him , " Powell vowed .	" Next year I will get him , " Powell vowed .	pres_fut	938
Any weakness we have shown they try to take advantage of .	Any weakness we have shown they will try to take advantage of .	pres_fut	939
We see whether those hopes and dreams get realized .	We will see whether those hopes and dreams get realized .	pres_fut	940
If you attach a pedometer to your belt , you move more .	If you attach a pedometer to your belt , you will move more .	pres_fut	941
The NHS has values which we defend .	The NHS has values which we will defend .	pres_fut	942
I am a football player and I continue to play football .	I am a football player and I will continue to play football .	pres_fut	943
You need Ordnance Survey map 35 , Kingussie & Monadhliath Mountains .	You will need Ordnance Survey map 35 , Kingussie & Monadhliath Mountains .	pres_fut	944
We use the demographic shift in Scotland to deliver this .	We will use the demographic shift in Scotland to deliver this .	pres_fut	945
" " That is what we try to do .	" " That is what we will try to do .	pres_fut	946
It is a process and we go through the process .	It is a process and we will go through the process .	pres_fut	947
We work hard for that - after that I do not know .	We will work hard for that - after that I do not know .	pres_fut	948
Anything I Can Do For My Sport I Do .	Anything I Can Do For My Sport I Will Do .	pres_fut	949
They resume on Monday .	They will resume on Monday .	pres_fut	950
I keep my focus on the concerns of the country .	I will keep my focus on the concerns of the country .	pres_fut	951
They become , over time , users .	They will become , over time , users .	pres_fut	952
I continue to make mistakes .	I will continue to make mistakes .	pres_fut	953
" " Demand and you receive .	" " Demand and you will receive .	pres_fut	954
You get the map ; you will not get double e-mails .	You will get the map ; you will not get double e-mails .	pres_fut	955
Opponents of nuclear projects said they continue fighting the loan guarantee program .	Opponents of nuclear projects said they will continue fighting the loan guarantee program .	pres_fut	956
They receive standard treatment followed by radiation and concurrent chemotherapy .	They will receive standard treatment followed by radiation and concurrent chemotherapy .	pres_fut	957
We see how he is .	We will see how he is .	pres_fut	958
Maybe now we see why .	Maybe now we will see why .	pres_fut	959
You need a set-top box for every TV you own .	You will need a set-top box for every TV you own .	pres_fut	960
They thrive in the moist , rich conditions that trenching creates .	They will thrive in the moist , rich conditions that trenching creates .	pres_fut	961
They report to their new one-year assignments in Iraq in the summer .	They will report to their new one-year assignments in Iraq in the summer .	pres_fut	962
They see it is senseless in many ways .	They will see it is senseless in many ways .	pres_fut	963
" We continue , " he said .	" We will continue , " he said .	pres_fut	964
They face East Carolina in today 's tournament championship game .	They will face East Carolina in today 's tournament championship game .	pres_fut	965
They take orders from no other country .	They will take orders from no other country .	pres_fut	966
If you Google a problem , you find contradictory solutions galore .	If you Google a problem , you will find contradictory solutions galore .	pres_fut	967
" I remember that , " Zambrano said of the fan reaction .	" I will remember that , " Zambrano said of the fan reaction .	pres_fut	968
Whatever we are presented with , we cope with .	Whatever we are presented with , we will cope with .	pres_fut	969
We close Guantanamo .	We will close Guantanamo .	pres_fut	970
We deny millions of African farmers a lifeline out of poverty .	We will deny millions of African farmers a lifeline out of poverty .	pres_fut	971
We are going to shut you down and we prosecute you .	We are going to shut you down and we will prosecute you .	pres_fut	972
If we are not careful we finish in one century 's time .	If we are not careful we will finish in one century 's time .	pres_fut	973
We continue working to ensure that this standard is strictly upheld .	We will continue working to ensure that this standard is strictly upheld .	pres_fut	974
One of these days we come for you .	One of these days we will come for you .	pres_fut	975
We go into this game with confidence .	We will go into this game with confidence .	pres_fut	976
If you do not , someone around you make it their business .	If you do not , someone around you will make it their business .	pres_fut	977
We are confident they make an outstanding team .	We are confident they will make an outstanding team .	pres_fut	978
They face Furman in today 's tournament consolation game .	They will face Furman in today 's tournament consolation game .	pres_fut	979
They start seeing tiny colored icons alongside links their friends have rated .	They will start seeing tiny colored icons alongside links their friends have rated .	pres_fut	980
" " And I get that time if I win football matches .	" " And I will get that time if I win football matches .	pres_fut	981
City Bomb Conspiracy We look to play with a high tempo .	City Bomb Conspiracy We will look to play with a high tempo .	pres_fut	982
That is a fight I am ready for , and I win .	That is a fight I am ready for , and I will win .	pres_fut	983
The analogy is bogus , and we deconstruct it in a moment .	The analogy is bogus , and we will deconstruct it in a moment .	pres_fut	984
If it does not , then we take another look at it .	If it does not , then we will take another look at it .	pres_fut	985
If he dies , you lose everything .	If he dies , you will lose everything .	pres_fut	986
And so , I am -- I visit with him about it .	And so , I am -- I will visit with him about it .	pres_fut	987
I miss her as a friend and colleague .	I will miss her as a friend and colleague .	pres_fut	988
' " I do not think we lose the case .	' " I do not think we will lose the case .	pres_fut	989
But we go through every detail of that trial .	But we will go through every detail of that trial .	pres_fut	990
In a matter of weeks we hold our first government news conference .	In a matter of weeks we will hold our first government news conference .	pres_fut	991
" " Then we pick up the pieces from there .	" " Then we will pick up the pieces from there .	pres_fut	992
You need Ordnance Survey map 51 , Loch Tay & Glen Dochart .	You will need Ordnance Survey map 51 , Loch Tay & Glen Dochart .	pres_fut	993
We see a growing anti-Musharraf , anti-Government sentiment developing in the country .	We will see a growing anti-Musharraf , anti-Government sentiment developing in the country .	pres_fut	994
We become first-class .	We will become first-class .	pres_fut	995
I miss him desperately .	I will miss him desperately .	pres_fut	996
In the next three weeks Mr Noel hopes they hit sapphires again .	In the next three weeks Mr Noel hopes they will hit sapphires again .	pres_fut	997
No password is necessary to join , you need Adobe Flash Player .	No password is necessary to join , you will need Adobe Flash Player .	pres_fut	998
We co-operate with our neighbours in defeating this threat .	We will co-operate with our neighbours in defeating this threat .	pres_fut	999
We take it to the end .	We will take it to the end .	pres_fut	1000
They deliver a great fight .	They will deliver a great fight .	pres_fut	1001
Complicated Police say they intensify security to ensure peace is restored .	Complicated Police say they will intensify security to ensure peace is restored .	pres_fut	1002
U.S. rout ensures chance for Olympic gold They get there .	U.S. rout ensures chance for Olympic gold They will get there .	pres_fut	1003
" " We assist them in any way we can .	" " We will assist them in any way we can .	pres_fut	1004
Only 13 percent said they have definitely decided whom they vote for .	Only 13 percent said they have definitely decided whom they will vote for .	pres_fut	1005
But next time around , we do better .	But next time around , we will do better .	pres_fut	1006
I am governor and I make it so .	I am governor and I will make it so .	pres_fut	1007
" I make a promise , " said Hillenburg , 44 .	" I will make a promise , " said Hillenburg , 44 .	pres_fut	1008
This means I miss only my third Villa game of the season .	This means I will miss only my third Villa game of the season .	pres_fut	1009
They decide on compensatory damages later .	They will decide on compensatory damages later .	pres_fut	1010
But I tell you here and now that I am still hopeful .	But I will tell you here and now that I am still hopeful .	pres_fut	1011
