Who are these forces trying to silence him ?	Who are these forces trying to silence the third soldier ?	complex_np:him:third soldier	1
Fans and reporters wrote him off .	Fans and reporters wrote the missing teenager off .	complex_np:him:missing teenager	2
I had her when I was 35 , so she is my heart .	I had the military adviser when I was 35 , so she is my heart .	complex_np:her:military adviser	3
But she could do clean if you wanted her to .	But she could do clean if you wanted the first leader to .	complex_np:her:first leader	4
" No , no , no , " Huckabee told her .	" No , no , no , " Huckabee told the senior producer .	complex_np:her:senior producer	7
But do not listen to him .	But do not listen to the molecular biologist .	complex_np:him:molecular biologist	8
They were recruiting him at safety .	They were recruiting the drunk driver at safety .	complex_np:him:drunk driver	9
George wanted his parents ' blessing before following her there .	George wanted his parents ' blessing before following the former commissioner there .	complex_np:her:former commissioner	11
Remember him ?	Remember the natural leader ?	complex_np:him:natural leader	12
If property prices fall , we shall blame him .	If property prices fall , we shall blame the serial killer .	complex_np:him:serial killer	13
We will kill him in return !	We will kill the executive officer in return !	complex_np:him:executive officer	15
It is good for her .	It is good for the lead researcher .	complex_np:her:lead researcher	17
I would hang him in the town square .	I would hang the senior minister in the town square .	complex_np:him:senior minister	18
13 to retrieve items that Simpson said belonged to him .	13 to retrieve items that Simpson said belonged to the other daughter .	complex_np:him:other daughter	19
They asked him to end the practice .	They asked the three-time winner to end the practice .	complex_np:him:three-time winner	20
her embroidered Army pants !	the forensic anthropologist embroidered Army pants !	complex_np:her:forensic anthropologist	22
Is he the doomsayer global warming skeptics have called him ?	Is he the doomsayer global warming skeptics have called the senior scientist ?	complex_np:him:senior scientist	25
It hit him and Voronin was first to the rebound .	It hit the Lead singer and Voronin was first to the rebound .	complex_np:him:Lead singer	27
Bhutto accused rogue government officials of conspiring with Islamic extremists to assassinate her .	Bhutto accused rogue government officials of conspiring with Islamic extremists to assassinate the 25-year-old singer .	complex_np:her:25-year-old singer	29
Rodgers said the owner thanked Smolenski and gave him a high five .	Rodgers said the owner thanked Smolenski and gave the 25-year-old daughter a high five .	complex_np:him:25-year-old daughter	31
And I do not know her as well as I did .	And I do not know the hard-line leader as well as I did .	complex_np:her:hard-line leader	32
I remember no discussion with him about legislation .	I remember no discussion with the male officer about legislation .	complex_np:him:male officer	33
The leader had avoided him until Tuesday .	The leader had avoided the American leader until Tuesday .	complex_np:him:American leader	34
He draws a year worth of her at a time .	He draws a year worth of the rightful owner at a time .	complex_np:her:rightful owner	35
Manuel Suarez 's job has not earned him many fans .	Manuel Suarez 's job has not earned the big player many fans .	complex_np:him:big player	36
The Wolf of Wall Street is about him .	The Wolf of Wall Street is about the good driver .	complex_np:him:good driver	37
I have met him .	I have met the forensic psychiatrist .	complex_np:him:forensic psychiatrist	40
The legislature has threatened to impeach him .	The legislature has threatened to impeach the new user .	complex_np:him:new user	43
But she also needed to hear him talk .	But she also needed to hear the technical writer talk .	complex_np:him:technical writer	44
I think I inhaled her .	I think I inhaled the popular tourist .	complex_np:her:popular tourist	48
She described him as white-haired and charming , if enigmatic .	She described the true believer as white-haired and charming , if enigmatic .	complex_np:him:true believer	49
" We cut her off , " Jakie Kassin told me .	" We cut the presidential frontrunner off , " Jakie Kassin told me .	complex_np:her:presidential frontrunner	52
A makeshift bomb exploded near him in Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near the former communist in Baghdad .	complex_np:him:former communist	53
Justice Konviser-Levine sentenced him to 7 to 21 years .	Justice Konviser-Levine sentenced the first officer to 7 to 21 years .	complex_np:him:first officer	56
But is that anything to fault her for ?	But is that anything to fault the primary driver for ?	complex_np:her:primary driver	57
There is a magic about him when he is competing .	There is a magic about the general officer when he is competing .	complex_np:him:general officer	59
I have not seen her for a year .	I have not seen the global provider for a year .	complex_np:her:global provider	60
Queen Elizabeth knighted him .	Queen Elizabeth knighted the stay-at-home mother .	complex_np:him:stay-at-home mother	62
Better yet , the public is sympathetic to him .	Better yet , the public is sympathetic to the longtime partner .	complex_np:him:longtime partner	64
" He may have wooed her , " Cline said .	" He may have wooed the powerful member , " Cline said .	complex_np:her:powerful member	65
The franchise granted him a leave of absence .	The franchise granted the Syrian leader a leave of absence .	complex_np:him:Syrian leader	66
Show him your essays and an outline of your strengths , says Blackman .	Show the annual shareholder your essays and an outline of your strengths , says Blackman .	complex_np:him:annual shareholder	71
The experience left him both admiring and unsettled .	The experience left the agricultural economist both admiring and unsettled .	complex_np:him:agricultural economist	72
She said Lakeside Foods offered her some coupons when she complained .	She said Lakeside Foods offered the regional manager some coupons when she complained .	complex_np:her:regional manager	73
His mother took him back to the pediatrician .	His mother took the great manager back to the pediatrician .	complex_np:him:great manager	74
I want him gone .	I want the international provider gone .	complex_np:him:international provider	76
We expect him to endorse us any day .	We expect the first winner to endorse us any day .	complex_np:him:first winner	78
An ambulance crew was unable to revive him , police said .	An ambulance crew was unable to revive the offensive player , police said .	complex_np:him:offensive player	79
I saw him , and he was dressed very neatly .	I saw the Brazilian artist , and he was dressed very neatly .	complex_np:him:Brazilian artist	80
Three rivals ran against her in the Nov. 6 election .	Three rivals ran against the former cricketer in the Nov. 6 election .	complex_np:her:former cricketer	81
They will find her .	They will find the lead guitarist .	complex_np:her:lead guitarist	82
We feel that this could be a positive learning experience for him .	We feel that this could be a positive learning experience for the Brazilian defender .	complex_np:him:Brazilian defender	83
I could hug him .	I could hug the deputy coroner .	complex_np:him:deputy coroner	84
" This is not about him , " she said .	" This is not about the 10-year-old daughter , " she said .	complex_np:him:10-year-old daughter	86
Few took him at his word .	Few took the prolific writer at his word .	complex_np:him:prolific writer	87
We are so relieved to have her with us .	We are so relieved to have the Republican pollster with us .	complex_np:her:Republican pollster	88
In another interview , he said he would retire if West outsold him .	In another interview , he said he would retire if West outsold the senior researcher .	complex_np:him:senior researcher	89
The generals did not dare kill her .	The generals did not dare kill the next hitter .	complex_np:her:next hitter	90
They could , the players felt , certainly stay there with him .	They could , the players felt , certainly stay there with the Italian photographer .	complex_np:him:Italian photographer	92
Peterson committed suicide as authorities pursued him .	Peterson committed suicide as authorities pursued the favorite player .	complex_np:him:favorite player	93
Graham told her it was flaxseed oil .	Graham told the Left fielder it was flaxseed oil .	complex_np:her:Left fielder	94
" This has the potential to backlash on him , " he said .	" This has the potential to backlash on the 42-year-old mother , " he said .	complex_np:him:42-year-old mother	95
She wangled a date with him , and romance ensued .	She wangled a date with the professional player , and romance ensued .	complex_np:him:professional player	96
She is grateful for the help that got her started .	She is grateful for the help that got the civil engineer started .	complex_np:her:civil engineer	97
" The kids love him , " Lievsay said .	" The kids love the first daughter , " Lievsay said .	complex_np:him:first daughter	99
An Internet search led her to Ballet Magnificat !	An Internet search led the great writer to Ballet Magnificat !	complex_np:her:great writer	100
Hopefully the fans will stick with him .	Hopefully the fans will stick with the strong customer .	complex_np:him:strong customer	101
" We love her , " he said .	" We love the individual shareholder , " he said .	complex_np:her:individual shareholder	103
And who could blame him ?	And who could blame the Turkish soldier ?	complex_np:him:Turkish soldier	104
He repeatedly promises to be forever devoted to her , no matter what .	He repeatedly promises to be forever devoted to the lead singer , no matter what .	complex_np:her:lead singer	105
It probably made him smile .	It probably made the enhanced driver smile .	complex_np:him:enhanced driver	106
That took courage and I admire him for that .	That took courage and I admire the effective leader for that .	complex_np:him:effective leader	108
It is hard to take him out of the game .	It is hard to take the Pakistani leader out of the game .	complex_np:him:Pakistani leader	109
She adored him .	She adored the principal scientist .	complex_np:him:principal scientist	110
It sanctioned him with a reprimand and a warning .	It sanctioned the new driver with a reprimand and a warning .	complex_np:him:new driver	111
This is not a race to find him .	This is not a race to find the Italian photographer .	complex_np:him:Italian photographer	112
" " I learn enormously from working with him .	" " I learn enormously from working with the top seller .	complex_np:him:top seller	113
17 , Aaron stopped breathing as his father held him in his arms .	17 , Aaron stopped breathing as his father held the vice minister in his arms .	complex_np:him:vice minister	115
We are lucky - everyone was after him for their show .	We are lucky - everyone was after the old master for their show .	complex_np:him:old master	117
It is really great to have him back .	It is really great to have the exclusive provider back .	complex_np:him:exclusive provider	119
I do not think I 'll ever forgive her .	I do not think I 'll ever forgive the abstract painter .	complex_np:her:abstract painter	121
All but him lost arms or legs , he said .	All but the extra attacker lost arms or legs , he said .	complex_np:him:extra attacker	123
If only more people could see him up close , Pomerantz says .	If only more people could see the Conservative leader up close , Pomerantz says .	complex_np:him:Conservative leader	125
We want to find her .	We want to find the adoptive mother .	complex_np:her:adoptive mother	126
That drew him into aviation safety advocacy .	That drew the Democratic contender into aviation safety advocacy .	complex_np:him:Democratic contender	127
" You have so little integrity , " he told her .	" You have so little integrity , " he told the Hamas leader .	complex_np:her:Hamas leader	129
He speaks a language Evan understands , and Evan feels safe with him .	He speaks a language Evan understands , and Evan feels safe with the independent producer .	complex_np:him:independent producer	132
Me and him are cool .	Me and the robust consumer are cool .	complex_np:him:robust consumer	134
He hovered near her at the state Capitol .	He hovered near the cultural anthropologist at the state Capitol .	complex_np:her:cultural anthropologist	135
Those players might have just gotten him fired .	Those players might have just gotten the lead lawyer fired .	complex_np:him:lead lawyer	138
I get all the answers to questions about me from him .	I get all the answers to questions about me from the Syrian leader .	complex_np:him:Syrian leader	139
Hardliners consider him to be answerable only to God .	Hardliners consider the single member to be answerable only to God .	complex_np:him:single member	140
I wish him and his wife Lady Campbell well for the future .	I wish the four-year-old daughter and his wife Lady Campbell well for the future .	complex_np:him:four-year-old daughter	141
He was sopping wet when we brought him in .	He was sopping wet when we brought the Tibetan separatist in .	complex_np:him:Tibetan separatist	144
Authorities have publicly warned him to butt out cigarettes this year .	Authorities have publicly warned the regional leader to butt out cigarettes this year .	complex_np:him:regional leader	145
And it makes him sleepy , especially after lunch .	And it makes the independent filmmaker sleepy , especially after lunch .	complex_np:him:independent filmmaker	146
That they merely robbed him was therefore a blessing .	That they merely robbed the court-appointed lawyer was therefore a blessing .	complex_np:him:court-appointed lawyer	147
Her husband would put her down all the time .	Her husband would put the long-term partner down all the time .	complex_np:her:long-term partner	148
As a church , let 's love Britney the way Jesus loves her .	As a church , let 's love Britney the way Jesus loves the militant leader .	complex_np:her:militant leader	150
" I want to congratulate her for showing leadership , " Sharpton said .	" I want to congratulate the legal adviser for showing leadership , " Sharpton said .	complex_np:her:legal adviser	154
Inman has Oregon , Idaho , Wyoming , Colorado and Kansas behind him .	Inman has Oregon , Idaho , Wyoming , Colorado and Kansas behind the junior minister .	complex_np:him:junior minister	155
She had an edge to her .	She had an edge to the Iranian officer .	complex_np:her:Iranian officer	156
His brother tried to encourage him and said he should see a doctor .	His brother tried to encourage the supreme leader and said he should see a doctor .	complex_np:him:supreme leader	157
Passengers who boarded behind him took pictures with cell phones and cameras .	Passengers who boarded behind the national manager took pictures with cell phones and cameras .	complex_np:him:national manager	160
The Diamondbacks drafted him in the second round in 2002 .	The Diamondbacks drafted the 12-year-old daughter in the second round in 2002 .	complex_np:him:12-year-old daughter	161
He headed for Harborview to see her .	He headed for Harborview to see the Democratic activist .	complex_np:her:Democratic activist	162
I owe her a big thank you .	I owe the dead mother a big thank you .	complex_np:her:dead mother	165
Do they have an obvious replacement for her ?	Do they have an obvious replacement for the new artist ?	complex_np:her:new artist	166
No one has heard from him since .	No one has heard from the Tibetan Buddhist since .	complex_np:him:Tibetan Buddhist	167
2007 November - Bainimarama says police have foiled a plot to assassinate him .	2007 November - Bainimarama says police have foiled a plot to assassinate the senior minister .	complex_np:him:senior minister	168
Two weeks later , a state fire investigator recognized him .	Two weeks later , a state fire investigator recognized the top performer .	complex_np:him:top performer	169
He did not see us , we saw him .	He did not see us , we saw the classical artist .	complex_np:him:classical artist	170
Please , someone , rip the uniform off him .	Please , someone , rip the uniform off the 25-year-old singer .	complex_np:him:25-year-old singer	171
'Does she like him , too ?	'Does she like the important member , too ?	complex_np:him:important member	172
Sometimes their words would enrage him , and fists would fly .	Sometimes their words would enrage the paternal grandfather , and fists would fly .	complex_np:him:paternal grandfather	173
This confuses him .	This confuses the British brewer .	complex_np:him:British brewer	174
Officers arrested him .	Officers arrested the original member .	complex_np:him:original member	175
If he arrests Sharif , Musharraf risks turning him into a hero .	If he arrests Sharif , Musharraf risks turning the commercial broadcaster into a hero .	complex_np:him:commercial broadcaster	176
A teammate reminded him .	A teammate reminded the sole provider .	complex_np:him:sole provider	177
They should have said more to him !	They should have said more to the 49-year-old singer !	complex_np:him:49-year-old singer	178
I really must tell him to take iron supplements .	I really must tell the professional gambler to take iron supplements .	complex_np:him:professional gambler	180
Lawmakers from both parties pummeled him in response .	Lawmakers from both parties pummeled the first violinist in response .	complex_np:him:first violinist	181
We cannot incarcerate him .	We cannot incarcerate the anti-Syrian lawmaker .	complex_np:him:anti-Syrian lawmaker	182
There is no Condi to stop her .	There is no Condi to stop the forensic psychiatrist .	complex_np:her:forensic psychiatrist	183
It was a big leap for him and a challenging assignment for anyone .	It was a big leap for the next leader and a challenging assignment for anyone .	complex_np:him:next leader	185
At the moment we do not know how we will manage without him .	At the moment we do not know how we will manage without the British designer .	complex_np:him:British designer	186
Brooklyn was not working for her .	Brooklyn was not working for the political satirist .	complex_np:her:political satirist	188
It also cost him a lot of money .	It also cost the senior scientist a lot of money .	complex_np:him:senior scientist	189
Gul attributed any claims against him to political rivalries in Afghanistan .	Gul attributed any claims against the controlling shareholder to political rivalries in Afghanistan .	complex_np:him:controlling shareholder	191
Huckabee 's campaign insists such groups are operating independently of him .	Huckabee 's campaign insists such groups are operating independently of the innocent bystander .	complex_np:him:innocent bystander	193
A security guard ordered him to leave , according to the complaint .	A security guard ordered the petty officer to leave , according to the complaint .	complex_np:him:petty officer	194
It issued an unprecedented worldwide appeal to identify and apprehend him .	It issued an unprecedented worldwide appeal to identify and apprehend the global customer .	complex_np:him:global customer	195
During her visit she plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalists .	During the exceptional customer visit she plans to visit sites sacred to Kabbalists .	complex_np:her:exceptional customer	196
Then Worsley felled him with the ankle tap .	Then Worsley felled the foreign leader with the ankle tap .	complex_np:him:foreign leader	197
Rescuers had to cut the roof off to get her out .	Rescuers had to cut the roof off to get the ex-foreign minister out .	complex_np:her:ex-foreign minister	198
I do not see anything wrong with him .	I do not see anything wrong with the new manager .	complex_np:him:new manager	201
National polls show Giuliani maintaining his lead but Thompson giving him a chase .	National polls show Giuliani maintaining his lead but Thompson giving the physical therapist a chase .	complex_np:him:physical therapist	202
It was tough on him , obviously .	It was tough on the revolutionary leader , obviously .	complex_np:him:revolutionary leader	205
And we snatched it right out from under him .	And we snatched it right out from under the mobile consumer .	complex_np:him:mobile consumer	210
You cannot really figure him out .	You cannot really figure the general manager out .	complex_np:him:general manager	212
It did not take him long to make the most of the opportunity .	It did not take the female singer long to make the most of the opportunity .	complex_np:him:female singer	216
My mother married him when I was 4 .	My mother married the Hogwarts headmaster when I was 4 .	complex_np:him:Hogwarts headmaster	220
They were very brave boys who killed her .	They were very brave boys who killed the first-time offender .	complex_np:her:first-time offender	221
Danny said some people do treat him badly .	Danny said some people do treat the Japanese journalist badly .	complex_np:him:Japanese journalist	223
But before we parted ways , I did speak to him .	But before we parted ways , I did speak to the new commander .	complex_np:him:new commander	224
An officer found her in a locked storage area hidden behind a dresser .	An officer found the executive officer in a locked storage area hidden behind a dresser .	complex_np:her:executive officer	226
Plame maintains the White House quietly outed her to reporters .	Plame maintains the White House quietly outed the dead soldier to reporters .	complex_np:her:dead soldier	228
His mother , clued him in , he said .	His mother , clued the fast bowler in , he said .	complex_np:him:fast bowler	229
We both think of her every day .	We both think of the French tourist every day .	complex_np:her:French tourist	230
The NFL suspended him indefinitely and without pay .	The NFL suspended the English writer indefinitely and without pay .	complex_np:him:English writer	231
Why , she wondered , had not they shot her ?	Why , she wondered , had not they shot the British toddler ?	complex_np:her:British toddler	233
Police have said they followed proper procedures when dealing with her .	Police have said they followed proper procedures when dealing with the environmental campaigner .	complex_np:her:environmental campaigner	234
I can tell from talking to him he is going to make it .	I can tell from talking to the seventh player he is going to make it .	complex_np:him:seventh player	236
After her release she will face another two years of probation .	After the Democratic strategist release she will face another two years of probation .	complex_np:her:Democratic strategist	237
I think I won her over eventually .	I think I won the average consumer over eventually .	complex_np:her:average consumer	238
You want her to be like you .	You want the nonprofit consumer to be like you .	complex_np:her:nonprofit consumer	239
Watching him he is begging to be picked .	Watching the pregnant daughter he is begging to be picked .	complex_np:him:pregnant daughter	240
Instead of entertaining Ahmadinejad , we should be indicting him .	Instead of entertaining Ahmadinejad , we should be indicting the Tibetan leader .	complex_np:him:Tibetan leader	242
The Sunday referendum paved the way for him to do so .	The Sunday referendum paved the way for the tribal leader to do so .	complex_np:him:tribal leader	243
You can tell ( Bryant 's wrist ) is still bothering him .	You can tell ( Bryant 's wrist ) is still bothering the six-time winner .	complex_np:him:six-time winner	244
You just cannot say it is him .	You just cannot say it is the authorized user .	complex_np:him:authorized user	246
They turned him down .	They turned the 18-year-old daughter down .	complex_np:him:18-year-old daughter	247
I am very happy for him .	I am very happy for the longtime leader .	complex_np:him:longtime leader	248
Rosenberg said he and others turned him down .	Rosenberg said he and others turned the national provider down .	complex_np:him:national provider	251
Minor and Snipes were supposed to be guarding him , prosecutors said .	Minor and Snipes were supposed to be guarding the French teacher , prosecutors said .	complex_np:him:French teacher	254
He later admitted shooting her , the charging papers state .	He later admitted shooting the great leader , the charging papers state .	complex_np:her:great leader	256
She gave him half of what she owed .	She gave the clinical psychologist half of what she owed .	complex_np:him:clinical psychologist	258
He said he pulled Shawn from his truck and began to strangle him .	He said he pulled Shawn from his truck and began to strangle the Conservative leader .	complex_np:him:Conservative leader	259
The trouble was , nobody would listen to her .	The trouble was , nobody would listen to the Venezuelan leader .	complex_np:her:Venezuelan leader	261
Human rights groups have called on the UK government to prosecute him .	Human rights groups have called on the UK government to prosecute the Japanese soldier .	complex_np:him:Japanese soldier	262
There has been little resembling failure for him there .	There has been little resembling failure for the scientific officer there .	complex_np:him:scientific officer	263
Bench him .	Bench the biological father .	complex_np:him:biological father	264
Everyone wants to be the one that gets him .	Everyone wants to be the one that gets the premier provider .	complex_np:him:premier provider	267
That nervous foot is tapping again and his eloquence suddenly deserts him .	That nervous foot is tapping again and his eloquence suddenly deserts the Afghan driver .	complex_np:him:Afghan driver	268
After Ms. Browne Sanders filed a suit , Mr. Dolan fired her .	After Ms. Browne Sanders filed a suit , Mr. Dolan fired the longtime owner .	complex_np:her:longtime owner	269
Mr. Sippy had persuaded him to take the part .	Mr. Sippy had persuaded the authoritarian leader to take the part .	complex_np:him:authoritarian leader	270
Hmm , wonder why they thought of him ?	Hmm , wonder why they thought of the French minister ?	complex_np:him:French minister	271
It was hard for him to say farewell .	It was hard for the single member to say farewell .	complex_np:him:single member	273
Firefighters and police officers had to pull him out .	Firefighters and police officers had to pull the Chinese manufacturer out .	complex_np:him:Chinese manufacturer	275
He tells how he bit Heaton 's face as he knifed her .	He tells how he bit Heaton 's face as he knifed the French defender .	complex_np:her:French defender	276
But no one has helped him emigrate .	But no one has helped the next player emigrate .	complex_np:him:next player	277
But China demonises him and believes the US is honouring a separatist .	But China demonises the eldest daughter and believes the US is honouring a separatist .	complex_np:him:eldest daughter	279
A hand reached out to stop her .	A hand reached out to stop the medical examiner .	complex_np:her:medical examiner	280
Let 's give him a chance .	Let 's give the longtime adviser a chance .	complex_np:him:longtime adviser	282
They killed her .	They killed the core consumer .	complex_np:her:core consumer	283
He will make some campaign appearances with her before year 's end .	He will make some campaign appearances with the special adviser before year 's end .	complex_np:her:special adviser	287
Behind her , 19-year-old Tatyana Shemyakina got silver .	Behind the 81-year-old leader , 19-year-old Tatyana Shemyakina got silver .	complex_np:her:81-year-old leader	289
When he refused , they jailed him for contempt .	When he refused , they jailed the Republican leader for contempt .	complex_np:him:Republican leader	290
But he has no clear answer why he saved him .	But he has no clear answer why he saved the Hamas leader .	complex_np:him:Hamas leader	291
Children read him less today , he added .	Children read the regional officer less today , he added .	complex_np:him:regional officer	292
" I just want him back , " Francey said .	" I just want the ex-foreign minister back , " Francey said .	complex_np:him:ex-foreign minister	296
He ended up giving him one of his kidneys .	He ended up giving the effective leader one of his kidneys .	complex_np:him:effective leader	297
Either way , Russia 's people will cheer him on .	Either way , Russia 's people will cheer the Maoist leader on .	complex_np:him:Maoist leader	299
We have him to thank for 28 days and bleeds .	We have the French teacher to thank for 28 days and bleeds .	complex_np:him:French teacher	300
Police have not said which group sent him .	Police have not said which group sent the key driver .	complex_np:him:key driver	301
It has not announced terms of a severance agreement with her .	It has not announced terms of a severance agreement with the equal partner .	complex_np:her:equal partner	302
He said police threatened him and even questioned his paternity rights .	He said police threatened the twin brother and even questioned his paternity rights .	complex_np:him:twin brother	303
She is probably everything that everybody says about her .	She is probably everything that everybody says about the new leader .	complex_np:her:new leader	304
Opponents say his job as army chief should have disqualified him .	Opponents say his job as army chief should have disqualified the global supplier .	complex_np:him:global supplier	305
Burton bellows , and students scatter for 50 yards in front of him .	Burton bellows , and students scatter for 50 yards in front of the major employer .	complex_np:him:major employer	307
I absolutely plan to vote for him .	I absolutely plan to vote for the anti-Syrian lawmaker .	complex_np:him:anti-Syrian lawmaker	311
Is Keys saying this is her ?	Is Keys saying this is the former master ?	complex_np:her:former master	312
" " They were just laughing at him .	" " They were just laughing at the overnight leader .	complex_np:him:overnight leader	314
I told him my decision .	I told the hit-and-run driver my decision .	complex_np:him:hit-and-run driver	315
The extension will keep him in Baltimore through 2008 .	The extension will keep the 5-year-old daughter in Baltimore through 2008 .	complex_np:him:5-year-old daughter	317
Ever since , the military has tried furiously to sideline him .	Ever since , the military has tried furiously to sideline the new designer .	complex_np:him:new designer	318
And then Nick Clegg ( assuming you recognise him ) ?	And then Nick Clegg ( assuming you recognise the top performer ) ?	complex_np:him:top performer	319
A school was even named after him .	A school was even named after the amateur photographer .	complex_np:him:amateur photographer	321
Coach Gibbs , I felt so bad for him .	Coach Gibbs , I felt so bad for the prolific writer .	complex_np:him:prolific writer	323
Thorns only added to her luster .	Thorns only added to the male vocalist luster .	complex_np:her:male vocalist	324
He is helped him out a lot .	He is helped the British brewer out a lot .	complex_np:him:British brewer	325
Mr. Biden genially asked him as his time ran out .	Mr. Biden genially asked the pro-democracy leader as his time ran out .	complex_np:him:pro-democracy leader	328
Ian : I got another cat as an end-of-two-a-days present from her .	Ian : I got another cat as an end-of-two-a-days present from the 11-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:11-year-old daughter	332
Fellow stars queued up to lavish her with praise .	Fellow stars queued up to lavish the early adopter with praise .	complex_np:her:early adopter	333
After Romney left , the group unanimously voted to endorse him .	After Romney left , the group unanimously voted to endorse the top scientist .	complex_np:him:top scientist	334
I was fascinated by him as a child .	I was fascinated by the chief lobbyist as a child .	complex_np:him:chief lobbyist	335
Where is Lloyd Benson when you need him ?	Where is Lloyd Benson when you need the teenage daughter ?	complex_np:him:teenage daughter	336
She liked him .	She liked the former communist .	complex_np:him:former communist	337
Laura Bush , too , encouraged her .	Laura Bush , too , encouraged the Israeli soldier .	complex_np:her:Israeli soldier	339
It is not just the Burmese who support her .	It is not just the Burmese who support the fourth activist .	complex_np:her:fourth activist	340
If anyone cared about him they would , right ?	If anyone cared about the three-year-old daughter they would , right ?	complex_np:him:three-year-old daughter	341
" " But there are so many other sides to him .	" " But there are so many other sides to the veteran striker .	complex_np:him:veteran striker	344
They took her to hospital .	They took the Republican lawmaker to hospital .	complex_np:her:Republican lawmaker	345
But then I 'll kick her out afterward .	But then I 'll kick the Indian leader out afterward .	complex_np:her:Indian leader	346
Don 't make him mad .	Don 't make the autistic hiker mad .	complex_np:him:autistic hiker	347
I really admire him .	I really admire the global producer .	complex_np:him:global producer	348
I asked him .	I asked the limited partner .	complex_np:him:limited partner	349
He told her he had been shot .	He told the sole owner he had been shot .	complex_np:her:sole owner	352
She would warned him not to get up there .	She would warned the alto saxophonist not to get up there .	complex_np:him:alto saxophonist	354
At times Debord felt so marginal that you could forget all about him .	At times Debord felt so marginal that you could forget all about the top tourist .	complex_np:him:top tourist	355
" We are going to find him , " Snow said .	" We are going to find the senior scientist , " Snow said .	complex_np:him:senior scientist	357
We had bought her an angel costume .	We had bought the chief scientist an angel costume .	complex_np:her:chief scientist	358
Like him , the other artists taking part combine music with faith .	Like the presidential contender , the other artists taking part combine music with faith .	complex_np:him:presidential contender	359
Even the notoriously hard-to-please Cowell was happy for him .	Even the notoriously hard-to-please Cowell was happy for the correctional officer .	complex_np:him:correctional officer	360
In Canada , his brother urged him to surrender .	In Canada , his brother urged the militant leader to surrender .	complex_np:him:militant leader	362
Is it him ?	Is it the planetary scientist ?	complex_np:him:planetary scientist	363
Then a bullet found him .	Then a bullet found the young writer .	complex_np:him:young writer	366
You do not know what he did with her .	You do not know what he did with the significant customer .	complex_np:her:significant customer	367
We are happy to give her a home .	We are happy to give the strong believer a home .	complex_np:her:strong believer	368
And I hired him on the spot .	And I hired the first leader on the spot .	complex_np:him:first leader	369
I cannot convince her .	I cannot convince the Male artist .	complex_np:her:Male artist	370
Thousands of people poured into the streets to denounce him .	Thousands of people poured into the streets to denounce the major commuter .	complex_np:him:major commuter	372
He eventually flew to Ukraine to meet him .	He eventually flew to Ukraine to meet the other specialist .	complex_np:him:other specialist	373
And they looked good on her .	And they looked good on the first-time offender .	complex_np:her:first-time offender	375
The crash killed him instantly .	The crash killed the chief technologist instantly .	complex_np:him:chief technologist	376
She ordered him taken to the emergency room .	She ordered the German carmaker taken to the emergency room .	complex_np:him:German carmaker	377
That converts him into a prosecuting attorney .	That converts the Socialist leader into a prosecuting attorney .	complex_np:him:Socialist leader	378
" This little mixed-up kid , God forgive him , " Rosas said .	" This little mixed-up kid , God forgive the fifth player , " Rosas said .	complex_np:him:fifth player	379
They hope that Kenadie will one day turn out like her .	They hope that Kenadie will one day turn out like the three-time winner .	complex_np:her:three-time winner	380
She looked at him with a serious , worried expression .	She looked at the new lawyer with a serious , worried expression .	complex_np:him:new lawyer	381
Authorities said they followed procedures in dealing with her .	Authorities said they followed procedures in dealing with the nonprofit consumer .	complex_np:her:nonprofit consumer	382
His dark eyes kept a keen watch on all those around him .	His dark eyes kept a keen watch on all those around the professional gambler .	complex_np:him:professional gambler	384
Romney called him Angus , a name Cullen has embraced as a joke .	Romney called the important member Angus , a name Cullen has embraced as a joke .	complex_np:him:important member	390
Newspapers have been swamped by post supporting her .	Newspapers have been swamped by post supporting the military commander .	complex_np:her:military commander	391
" I am happy to get married , " he told her .	" I am happy to get married , " he told the academic officer .	complex_np:her:academic officer	392
The shooting left him a paraplegic .	The shooting left the new driver a paraplegic .	complex_np:him:new driver	393
I tell her .	I tell the great believer .	complex_np:her:great believer	394
And the American retorted by challenging him to do just that .	And the American retorted by challenging the troubled lender to do just that .	complex_np:him:troubled lender	396
You could not take your eyes off him .	You could not take your eyes off the first driver .	complex_np:him:first driver	398
Tina walked out on him in 1975 .	Tina walked out on the 15-game winner in 1975 .	complex_np:him:15-game winner	399
Many expected him to fail utterly .	Many expected the last-minute winner to fail utterly .	complex_np:him:last-minute winner	400
I was trying to restrain him .	I was trying to restrain the national frontrunner .	complex_np:him:national frontrunner	401
It is discrimination against her as a candidate because she is a woman .	It is discrimination against the fifth player as a candidate because she is a woman .	complex_np:her:fifth player	402
And you can understand why she fell for him .	And you can understand why she fell for the French artist .	complex_np:him:French artist	403
They told him so much .	They told the long-distance runner so much .	complex_np:him:long-distance runner	405
In fact , his own Whig party tried to have him impeached .	In fact , his own Whig party tried to have the rank outsider impeached .	complex_np:him:rank outsider	406
Have you tried not announcing these events to her ?	Have you tried not announcing these events to the prominent lawyer ?	complex_np:her:prominent lawyer	407
Other cases against him and family members are pending .	Other cases against the 12-year-old daughter and family members are pending .	complex_np:him:12-year-old daughter	408
My question : Is the bad press hurting him ?	My question : Is the bad press hurting the special master ?	complex_np:him:special master	409
" " You can never catch him .	" " You can never catch the presidential contender .	complex_np:him:presidential contender	410
Schulte said Mattingly congratulated Girardi and wished him well .	Schulte said Mattingly congratulated Girardi and wished the second daughter well .	complex_np:him:second daughter	412
Calls for him to stay on have grown ahead of the elections .	Calls for the public defender to stay on have grown ahead of the elections .	complex_np:him:public defender	413
A policeman in the neighborhood drove him to a nearby hospital .	A policeman in the neighborhood drove the ex-foreign minister to a nearby hospital .	complex_np:him:ex-foreign minister	414
Scott hired him on the spot .	Scott hired the Celtic player on the spot .	complex_np:him:Celtic player	415
He tells her the answer .	He tells the conservative leader the answer .	complex_np:her:conservative leader	417
Death certainly seemed to obsess him .	Death certainly seemed to obsess the senior researcher .	complex_np:him:senior researcher	419
He understands the game , which is probably the best thing for him .	He understands the game , which is probably the best thing for the proud owner .	complex_np:him:proud owner	420
I was asking him what costume he was planning .	I was asking the Republican challenger what costume he was planning .	complex_np:him:Republican challenger	421
His boy , Hines said , wants to be just like him .	His boy , Hines said , wants to be just like the runaway winner .	complex_np:him:runaway winner	422
They had cheered him on .	They had cheered the female commander on .	complex_np:him:female commander	426
For him , this was a big step in the right direction .	For the ranking member , this was a big step in the right direction .	complex_np:him:ranking member	427
Samimi asked people around him what was going on .	Samimi asked people around the undisputed leader what was going on .	complex_np:him:undisputed leader	428
Why does not she tell him ?	Why does not she tell the Turkish soldier ?	complex_np:him:Turkish soldier	429
Everybody has to face cases against them and the same applies to her .	Everybody has to face cases against them and the same applies to the political satirist .	complex_np:her:political satirist	430
" We had every intention to speak to him , " he said .	" We had every intention to speak to the other partner , " he said .	complex_np:him:other partner	431
He was a leader because people believed in him .	He was a leader because people believed in the important member .	complex_np:him:important member	434
And they made him a hero .	And they made the strong supporter a hero .	complex_np:him:strong supporter	438
Give him a minder ?	Give the close adviser a minder ?	complex_np:him:close adviser	439
The girl said Saimon attacked her as punishment .	The girl said Saimon attacked the serious player as punishment .	complex_np:her:serious player	440
He is also charged with lying that Anderson never injected him with steroids .	He is also charged with lying that Anderson never injected the Socialist leader with steroids .	complex_np:him:Socialist leader	442
And they were able to call him to discuss things .	And they were able to call the French minister to discuss things .	complex_np:him:French minister	444
No green giant , but you will not miss him .	No green giant , but you will not miss the Iraqi journalist .	complex_np:him:Iraqi journalist	445
A local jury determined that Coleman acted in self-defense and acquitted him .	A local jury determined that Coleman acted in self-defense and acquitted the 7-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:7-year-old daughter	446
We do not know what was keeping him here .	We do not know what was keeping the domestic partner here .	complex_np:him:domestic partner	447
I approached her with trepidation .	I approached the active member with trepidation .	complex_np:her:active member	448
The defense : Head her off at the pass .	The defense : Head the former banker off at the pass .	complex_np:her:former banker	449
Later they return and throw a bottle of tropical punch on him .	Later they return and throw a bottle of tropical punch on the scientific officer .	complex_np:him:scientific officer	450
They were trying to get him on anything .	They were trying to get the former tourist on anything .	complex_np:him:former tourist	451
That night , doctors told him of the arterial blockage .	That night , doctors told the young lawyer of the arterial blockage .	complex_np:him:young lawyer	453
He helped her with math .	He helped the 13-month-old daughter with math .	complex_np:her:13-month-old daughter	454
Do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion of him ?	Do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion of the teenage daughter ?	complex_np:him:teenage daughter	455
All of the nurses wanted to come see him .	All of the nurses wanted to come see the chief lawyer .	complex_np:him:chief lawyer	457
I was reluctant to go back to work and face him .	I was reluctant to go back to work and face the former member .	complex_np:him:former member	458
Yet Mr Rudd 's Christianity still seems to give him protection .	Yet Mr Rudd 's Christianity still seems to give the female officer protection .	complex_np:him:female officer	459
We have got him .	We have got the political journalist .	complex_np:him:political journalist	460
Now , he says , campaign aides pitch stories to him every day .	Now , he says , campaign aides pitch stories to the alleged killer every day .	complex_np:him:alleged killer	461
But politics will not let him be .	But politics will not let the third soldier be .	complex_np:him:third soldier	462
They kicked him out when school interfered with his chores .	They kicked the polygamous-sect leader out when school interfered with his chores .	complex_np:him:polygamous-sect leader	463
Greenburgh does not want her to leave , either .	Greenburgh does not want the lucky winner to leave , either .	complex_np:her:lucky winner	466
She tapped him again , with some urgency .	She tapped the paternal grandmother again , with some urgency .	complex_np:him:paternal grandmother	469
That is what prompted him to run , he said .	That is what prompted the proud owner to run , he said .	complex_np:him:proud owner	472
It could reprimand , denounce , censure or expel him .	It could reprimand , denounce , censure or expel the 7-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:7-year-old daughter	473
She said Jeffs refused to release her from the marriage .	She said Jeffs refused to release the industrial hygienist from the marriage .	complex_np:her:industrial hygienist	474
And the other drag queens who danced there embraced him .	And the other drag queens who danced there embraced the Russian leader .	complex_np:him:Russian leader	476
Police found him about five blocks away .	Police found the male customer about five blocks away .	complex_np:him:male customer	477
" I love him , " said Sirico .	" I love the nationalist leader , " said Sirico .	complex_np:him:nationalist leader	478
She needs to hear someone sticking up for her .	She needs to hear someone sticking up for the Shiite leader .	complex_np:her:Shiite leader	479
I urge him to reconsider .	I urge the German cyclist to reconsider .	complex_np:him:German cyclist	480
My cellphone rings , and it is him .	My cellphone rings , and it is the top automaker .	complex_np:him:top automaker	481
The federal prosecutors then brought tax evasion charges against him .	The federal prosecutors then brought tax evasion charges against the Edinburgh-based brewer .	complex_np:him:Edinburgh-based brewer	483
Believe him , linebacker Jonathan Vilma said .	Believe the musical partner , linebacker Jonathan Vilma said .	complex_np:him:musical partner	484
And you get happy with him .	And you get happy with the chief economist .	complex_np:him:chief economist	485
Facing him is an army of barristers .	Facing the paternal grandfather is an army of barristers .	complex_np:him:paternal grandfather	487
The RAF awarded him the Distinguished Flying Cross .	The RAF awarded the potential partner the Distinguished Flying Cross .	complex_np:him:potential partner	489
I miss him and think I always will .	I miss the major customer and think I always will .	complex_np:him:major customer	490
He dismissed suggestions that his age would impede him .	He dismissed suggestions that his age would impede the late founder .	complex_np:him:late founder	491
From what I have seen of him he is lumbering and little else .	From what I have seen of the strong fighter he is lumbering and little else .	complex_np:him:strong fighter	492
I asked him how it did that .	I asked the Celtic goalkeeper how it did that .	complex_np:him:Celtic goalkeeper	493
Mr. Simpson said the items belonged to him , police said .	Mr. Simpson said the items belonged to the 26-year-old singer , police said .	complex_np:him:26-year-old singer	494
He said Ryaguzov tried to force him to become an informant .	He said Ryaguzov tried to force the half brother to become an informant .	complex_np:him:half brother	497
Faulkner said those systems did not work for him .	Faulkner said those systems did not work for the occupational therapist .	complex_np:him:occupational therapist	498
Not that it is anything new to him .	Not that it is anything new to the longtime leader .	complex_np:him:longtime leader	501
Freshman Malcolm Delaney stood in front of him .	Freshman Malcolm Delaney stood in front of the online provider .	complex_np:him:online provider	503
So , you know , I would love to keep playing him .	So , you know , I would love to keep playing the main provider .	complex_np:him:main provider	504
Being a yob did not suit him .	Being a yob did not suit the public defender .	complex_np:him:public defender	505
In Greece , politicians accused him of meddling in their affairs .	In Greece , politicians accused the German cyclist of meddling in their affairs .	complex_np:him:German cyclist	506
Something very positive came from him .	Something very positive came from the major supplier .	complex_np:him:major supplier	507
But the problem continued to nag at him .	But the problem continued to nag at the ailing leader .	complex_np:him:ailing leader	509
But a knee injury sustained in pregame warmups forced him out early .	But a knee injury sustained in pregame warmups forced the grand master out early .	complex_np:him:grand master	510
" I have made my decision , " I told him .	" I have made my decision , " I told the 93-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:93-year-old mother	512
Unlikely , say those who know him .	Unlikely , say those who know the eventual game-winner .	complex_np:him:eventual game-winner	514
Tell him to quit .	Tell the assistant manager to quit .	complex_np:him:assistant manager	515
The government treated him and paid for his artificial legs .	The government treated the Republican member and paid for his artificial legs .	complex_np:him:Republican member	516
I fell in love with her .	I fell in love with the true believer .	complex_np:her:true believer	517
His rationale made perfect sense , to him at least .	His rationale made perfect sense , to the American writer at least .	complex_np:him:American writer	518
But today we are going to make him work .	But today we are going to make the old daughter work .	complex_np:him:old daughter	519
Absolutely everything was " whack , " according to her .	Absolutely everything was " whack , " according to the medical examiner .	complex_np:her:medical examiner	521
He found him and let some air out of the tires .	He found the American journalist and let some air out of the tires .	complex_np:him:American journalist	522
His defense has claimed he acted in self-defense after Vang fired at him .	His defense has claimed he acted in self-defense after Vang fired at the nuclear scientist .	complex_np:him:nuclear scientist	525
The friends helped him carry items out .	The friends helped the administrative officer carry items out .	complex_np:him:administrative officer	527
PULCINI I think people expect us to be like him .	PULCINI I think people expect us to be like the male vocalist .	complex_np:him:male vocalist	528
Her coach had intimidated her .	Her coach had intimidated the veterinary officer .	complex_np:her:veterinary officer	529
Two sons , Ashley and Laurence Noble , died before him .	Two sons , Ashley and Laurence Noble , died before the authorized user .	complex_np:him:authorized user	530
But the final gallery leaves him working at new extremes .	But the final gallery leaves the highest-ranked player working at new extremes .	complex_np:him:highest-ranked player	531
How long did it take to build up the nerve to kiss her ?	How long did it take to build up the nerve to kiss the veteran defender ?	complex_np:her:veteran defender	532
So , ok , kill her .	So , ok , kill the former journalist .	complex_np:her:former journalist	533
Leonard Boudin , Louis 's nephew , joined him three years later .	Leonard Boudin , Louis 's nephew , joined the white supremacist three years later .	complex_np:him:white supremacist	534
He died two years later after she was prevented from visiting him .	He died two years later after she was prevented from visiting the regional officer .	complex_np:him:regional officer	535
She gonna need you to let her grow up .	She gonna need you to let the overseas player grow up .	complex_np:her:overseas player	538
Without explanation , the man let her live .	Without explanation , the man let the European economist live .	complex_np:her:European economist	540
Leibovitz loved her .	Leibovitz loved the Celtic player .	complex_np:her:Celtic player	544
We are all grateful to him .	We are all grateful to the perfect partner .	complex_np:him:perfect partner	545
This took him to 15 per cent .	This took the lucky loser to 15 per cent .	complex_np:him:lucky loser	547
I 'll never throw him away .	I 'll never throw the French minister away .	complex_np:him:French minister	548
In New York , those are reasons to send him packing .	In New York , those are reasons to send the gold medalist packing .	complex_np:him:gold medalist	549
I cannot have him there .	I cannot have the technical adviser there .	complex_np:him:technical adviser	550
" I am extremely happy for him , " Tucker said of Sundin .	" I am extremely happy for the environmental campaigner , " Tucker said of Sundin .	complex_np:him:environmental campaigner	552
I shall give him my biography later .	I shall give the Japanese photographer my biography later .	complex_np:him:Japanese photographer	553
That is what I liked about him so much .	That is what I liked about the highest-paid manager so much .	complex_np:him:highest-paid manager	554
She does not want him prosecuted .	She does not want the important Buddhist prosecuted .	complex_np:him:important Buddhist	555
" Thereupon he said , ' No , they poisoned him .	" Thereupon he said , ' No , they poisoned the 16-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:16-year-old daughter	556
We wish him the best in his well-deserved retirement .	We wish the seventh player the best in his well-deserved retirement .	complex_np:him:seventh player	558
And how does Portis reward Gibbs 's faith in him ?	And how does Portis reward Gibbs 's faith in the exclusive provider ?	complex_np:him:exclusive provider	561
But the TA and club soon rejected him .	But the TA and club soon rejected the potential employer .	complex_np:him:potential employer	562
Suddenly Ms. Adams 's natural volubility abandoned her .	Suddenly Ms. Adams 's natural volubility abandoned the influential member .	complex_np:her:influential member	564
She wants nothing to do with him .	She wants nothing to do with the former prisoner .	complex_np:him:former prisoner	565
Ms. Bracken 's book made her a celebrity .	Ms. Bracken 's book made the senior adviser a celebrity .	complex_np:her:senior adviser	566
Miss Skattergoods turned to him with a pitying look .	Miss Skattergoods turned to the longtime owner with a pitying look .	complex_np:him:longtime owner	567
Nobody criticizes him , because of oil .	Nobody criticizes the valuable member , because of oil .	complex_np:him:valuable member	568
It made sense for us to approach him .	It made sense for us to approach the 16-year-old sister .	complex_np:him:16-year-old sister	572
" We did our best to prepare her , " Chyrese Exline said .	" We did our best to prepare the young driver , " Chyrese Exline said .	complex_np:her:young driver	573
You can talk about certain pop-culture things with him .	You can talk about certain pop-culture things with the senior adviser .	complex_np:him:senior adviser	575
Repeating ninth grade actually might have helped him .	Repeating ninth grade actually might have helped the operational commander .	complex_np:him:operational commander	576
But her designs aren 't just for the big-breasted .	But the overall customer designs aren 't just for the big-breasted .	complex_np:her:overall customer	577
A judge Friday found him fit to stand trial despite a psychological condition .	A judge Friday found the Iraqi interpreter fit to stand trial despite a psychological condition .	complex_np:him:Iraqi interpreter	578
I helped her .	I helped the main challenger .	complex_np:her:main challenger	579
I wanted to show him some beautiful Italian engineering .	I wanted to show the technical adviser some beautiful Italian engineering .	complex_np:him:technical adviser	580
" " Family members are with him .	" " Family members are with the top lawyer .	complex_np:him:top lawyer	581
He gave up six walks , quite uncharacteristic for him .	He gave up six walks , quite uncharacteristic for the hooded robber .	complex_np:him:hooded robber	582
I have nothing but love for her .	I have nothing but love for the Republican leader .	complex_np:her:Republican leader	584
I heard him say that .	I heard the Reluctant Fundamentalist say that .	complex_np:him:Reluctant Fundamentalist	585
He addresses her fondly as Fur Face and Fluffy Butt .	He addresses the French minister fondly as Fur Face and Fluffy Butt .	complex_np:her:French minister	587
We are going to presumably have some debates with him .	We are going to presumably have some debates with the little sister .	complex_np:him:little sister	588
It will be best for him to leave the palace .	It will be best for the new partner to leave the palace .	complex_np:him:new partner	590
But her hopes would soon be dashed .	But the first minister hopes would soon be dashed .	complex_np:her:first minister	592
His brother had to identify him among the other decomposing bodies .	His brother had to identify the Republican leader among the other decomposing bodies .	complex_np:him:Republican leader	593
An assistant manager escorted him out .	An assistant manager escorted the major employer out .	complex_np:him:major employer	594
There was no intention to cause any harm to her .	There was no intention to cause any harm to the professional player .	complex_np:her:professional player	595
Just congratulate him .	Just congratulate the overall customer .	complex_np:him:overall customer	599
I can put the husband in here and forget all about him .	I can put the husband in here and forget all about the current employer .	complex_np:him:current employer	600
I give him a really hard time .	I give the 23-year-old right-hander a really hard time .	complex_np:him:23-year-old right-hander	601
I could hold him .	I could hold the athletic trainer .	complex_np:him:athletic trainer	602
But , it turned out , I misread him .	But , it turned out , I misread the independent provider .	complex_np:him:independent provider	603
He could not say who attacked him in the dimly lighted parking lot .	He could not say who attacked the longtime member in the dimly lighted parking lot .	complex_np:him:longtime member	604
Messages seeking comment were left for him at the music center .	Messages seeking comment were left for the international tourist at the music center .	complex_np:him:international tourist	605
" This will be a challenge for him , " Hurdle said .	" This will be a challenge for the prime mover , " Hurdle said .	complex_np:him:prime mover	606
This strategy has served him - to a point .	This strategy has served the official photographer - to a point .	complex_np:him:official photographer	607
She looked at him closely .	She looked at the English teacher closely .	complex_np:him:English teacher	608
Didn 't his aides prepare him for this ?	Didn 't his aides prepare the Venezuelan leader for this ?	complex_np:him:Venezuelan leader	609
Those issues will be waiting for whoever succeeds him .	Those issues will be waiting for whoever succeeds the Republican leader .	complex_np:him:Republican leader	610
People often accuse him of profiting off the dead .	People often accuse the prominent lawyer of profiting off the dead .	complex_np:him:prominent lawyer	612
I could not take him serious .	I could not take the heavyweight boxer serious .	complex_np:him:heavyweight boxer	613
If Tadic wins , the pro-Europe camp wins with him .	If Tadic wins , the pro-Europe camp wins with the Japanese soldier .	complex_np:him:Japanese soldier	614
Join him , and think different .	Join the personal shopper , and think different .	complex_np:him:personal shopper	615
" I miss her , " Peterson said .	" I miss the missing teenager , " Peterson said .	complex_np:her:missing teenager	616
I will give this jersey to him .	I will give this jersey to the Israeli leader .	complex_np:him:Israeli leader	617
Stand up for her .	Stand up for the new leader .	complex_np:her:new leader	618
A statue of him is in the grounds of Stormont .	A statue of the formidable player is in the grounds of Stormont .	complex_np:him:formidable player	620
Now the memory disturbed him in some intangible way .	Now the memory disturbed the conservative leader in some intangible way .	complex_np:him:conservative leader	621
I would not be so crass , I tell her .	I would not be so crass , I tell the 300-game winner .	complex_np:her:300-game winner	622
He then said the attacks aren 't really about him personally .	He then said the attacks aren 't really about the dead soldier personally .	complex_np:him:dead soldier	625
I gave up my family for him .	I gave up my family for the elderly father .	complex_np:him:elderly father	627
The polarization around the war feels abstract to him , he said .	The polarization around the war feels abstract to the lovely daughter , he said .	complex_np:him:lovely daughter	629
'Don 't work him so hard !	'Don 't work the loving father so hard !	complex_np:him:loving father	630
One of his neighbors , a fellow sexual offender , turned him in .	One of his neighbors , a fellow sexual offender , turned the independent filmmaker in .	complex_np:him:independent filmmaker	632
I have always liked him and last year was a fluke .	I have always liked the administrative officer and last year was a fluke .	complex_np:him:administrative officer	634
Two months later , federal indictment in hand , FBI agents arrested him .	Two months later , federal indictment in hand , FBI agents arrested the Canadian soldier .	complex_np:him:Canadian soldier	637
But it has worked for him .	But it has worked for the Danish brewer .	complex_np:him:Danish brewer	638
But Ms Maden knows most schools would not tolerate him today .	But Ms Maden knows most schools would not tolerate the Spanish striker today .	complex_np:him:Spanish striker	639
It turns out that the Devil makes him do it .	It turns out that the Devil makes the ardent supporter do it .	complex_np:him:ardent supporter	640
I do not expect him to make a decision for quite some time .	I do not expect the true believer to make a decision for quite some time .	complex_np:him:true believer	641
And with that , Weaver handed her a real diamond ring .	And with that , Weaver handed the rebel leader a real diamond ring .	complex_np:her:rebel leader	642
The government had removed him from his job .	The government had removed the white hunter from his job .	complex_np:him:white hunter	643
Six or seven turned around to fight with him .	Six or seven turned around to fight with the former partner .	complex_np:him:former partner	645
We hope that a 24 hour rest will get him better .	We hope that a 24 hour rest will get the popular leader better .	complex_np:him:popular leader	646
Saturday to take him to jail .	Saturday to take the Democratic front-runner to jail .	complex_np:him:Democratic front-runner	647
I gave him a ride home from the airport .	I gave the annual shareholder a ride home from the airport .	complex_np:him:annual shareholder	648
On Friday , Sharif 's party warned her against reaching terms with Musharraf .	On Friday , Sharif 's party warned the elderly father against reaching terms with Musharraf .	complex_np:her:elderly father	650
Mr. Sleight thanked her at the end of the session .	Mr. Sleight thanked the graphic artist at the end of the session .	complex_np:her:graphic artist	651
I have seen him shooting craps and negotiating in the Senate .	I have seen the Iraqi journalist shooting craps and negotiating in the Senate .	complex_np:him:Iraqi journalist	652
" I am very proud of him , " Dr. Porath says .	" I am very proud of the female member , " Dr. Porath says .	complex_np:him:female member	653
Steal him , so n !	Steal the 11-year-old daughter , so n !	complex_np:him:11-year-old daughter	654
The ruling coalition says it has enough votes to re-elect him .	The ruling coalition says it has enough votes to re-elect the suspected leader .	complex_np:him:suspected leader	655
Adams on Wednesday asked Ritzert 's family to forgive her .	Adams on Wednesday asked Ritzert 's family to forgive the Democratic pollster .	complex_np:her:Democratic pollster	656
The boy responded by cursing at him , Mr. Calderon said .	The boy responded by cursing at the senior commander , Mr. Calderon said .	complex_np:him:senior commander	657
To him , that is a good thing .	To the Scottish singer , that is a good thing .	complex_np:him:Scottish singer	659
" moments and " Is something wrong with him ?	" moments and " Is something wrong with the natural leader ?	complex_np:him:natural leader	660
But he said Republican senators will come out in force for him .	But he said Republican senators will come out in force for the effective leader .	complex_np:him:effective leader	661
I respect him .	I respect the Tory leader .	complex_np:him:Tory leader	662
Now would I be for her ?	Now would I be for the global developer ?	complex_np:her:global developer	664
You might scare him off .	You might scare the great writer off .	complex_np:him:great writer	665
He shows a reporter photos he took of him with his 3-year-old brother .	He shows a reporter photos he took of the undecided voter with his 3-year-old brother .	complex_np:him:undecided voter	666
Mr. Moonen said the situation made him uneasy .	Mr. Moonen said the situation made the military officer uneasy .	complex_np:him:military officer	667
We have got no baseline on him .	We have got no baseline on the white hunter .	complex_np:him:white hunter	668
" Change your shirt , " she hollered after him .	" Change your shirt , " she hollered after the political journalist .	complex_np:him:political journalist	669
Ms. Mohamed called him off .	Ms. Mohamed called the global customer off .	complex_np:him:global customer	670
I hit him with a lot of flush shots .	I hit the international customer with a lot of flush shots .	complex_np:him:international customer	672
Men and women confidently approached him with requests and complaints .	Men and women confidently approached the chief scientist with requests and complaints .	complex_np:him:chief scientist	673
Father Liam McKinney was sleeping when the thieves woke him .	Father Liam McKinney was sleeping when the thieves woke the senior strategist .	complex_np:him:senior strategist	674
When a judge went out on a limb for her ?	When a judge went out on a limb for the national leader ?	complex_np:her:national leader	675
You 're going to see that from him this cycle .	You 're going to see that from the Irish writer this cycle .	complex_np:him:Irish writer	678
Oakwood watched him go .	Oakwood watched the 77-year-old owner go .	complex_np:him:77-year-old owner	679
Another neighbour was assaulted by him as well .	Another neighbour was assaulted by the new minister as well .	complex_np:him:new minister	680
When he escaped , she chased him with a pickax .	When he escaped , she chased the suspected bomber with a pickax .	complex_np:him:suspected bomber	682
He would not say how much Kleiner Perkins was paying him .	He would not say how much Kleiner Perkins was paying the 27-year-old right-hander .	complex_np:him:27-year-old right-hander	684
Still , he has not let the struggles faze him .	Still , he has not let the struggles faze the official biographer .	complex_np:him:official biographer	685
We wish him well in his next endeavor .	We wish the eventual winner well in his next endeavor .	complex_np:him:eventual winner	686
I was inexplicably tied to him , dependent , attached .	I was inexplicably tied to the German artist , dependent , attached .	complex_np:him:German artist	687
We 'll do what 's best for him .	We 'll do what 's best for the foreign fighter .	complex_np:him:foreign fighter	688
They said they found nothing suspicious and let him go .	They said they found nothing suspicious and let the creative officer go .	complex_np:him:creative officer	689
She encourages him to record a demo .	She encourages the French painter to record a demo .	complex_np:him:French painter	691
" I just complimented him , " Torre said .	" I just complimented the former master , " Torre said .	complex_np:him:former master	692
It took him 102 weeks to guess the right name .	It took the top leader 102 weeks to guess the right name .	complex_np:him:top leader	693
Nobody has a bad word to say about him .	Nobody has a bad word to say about the fourth player .	complex_np:him:fourth player	695
I just heard her , she called me .	I just heard the Afghan photographer , she called me .	complex_np:her:Afghan photographer	696
" We are all lucky to play for him , " Brady said .	" We are all lucky to play for the 11-year-old daughter , " Brady said .	complex_np:him:11-year-old daughter	697
We tried our best to make him comfortable .	We tried our best to make the overseas player comfortable .	complex_np:him:overseas player	699
Police said the 41-year-old boxer was driving erratically before they stopped him .	Police said the 41-year-old boxer was driving erratically before they stopped the local farmer .	complex_np:him:local farmer	700
Many of the students know him .	Many of the students know the powerful leader .	complex_np:him:powerful leader	705
I agree completely with him .	I agree completely with the new employer .	complex_np:him:new employer	706
We will never forget him .	We will never forget the documentary filmmaker .	complex_np:him:documentary filmmaker	707
He collapsed and cold overcame him .	He collapsed and cold overcame the hooded robber .	complex_np:him:hooded robber	708
When Henrik makes the saves , I make them with him .	When Henrik makes the saves , I make them with the fourth player .	complex_np:him:fourth player	709
He smiled at her .	He smiled at the 14-year-old follower .	complex_np:her:14-year-old follower	711
She filed a charge of domestic assault against him in July .	She filed a charge of domestic assault against the German officer in July .	complex_np:him:German officer	712
The Palestinian police came and realeased him after moments .	The Palestinian police came and realeased the chief lawyer after moments .	complex_np:him:chief lawyer	714
Everything about him was controlled .	Everything about the key customer was controlled .	complex_np:him:key customer	716
I figured I would go back and visit him again .	I figured I would go back and visit the political insider again .	complex_np:him:political insider	717
It has also made her see how loved she is .	It has also made the male vocalist see how loved she is .	complex_np:her:male vocalist	720
They were going to listen to him .	They were going to listen to the 44-year-old left-hander .	complex_np:him:44-year-old left-hander	721
I am constantly in awe of her .	I am constantly in awe of the pregnant mother .	complex_np:her:pregnant mother	723
In another , his grandmother is patiently arguing with him over his attitude .	In another , his grandmother is patiently arguing with the Japanese consumer over his attitude .	complex_np:him:Japanese consumer	724
His critics accuse him of having authoritarian tendencies .	His critics accuse the exceptional customer of having authoritarian tendencies .	complex_np:him:exceptional customer	726
That was nice of him .	That was nice of the influential member .	complex_np:him:influential member	728
Her mother hugged her as the girl 's statement was read in court .	Her mother hugged the former banker as the girl 's statement was read in court .	complex_np:her:former banker	729
We wanted people to start looking for her .	We wanted people to start looking for the domestic partner .	complex_np:her:domestic partner	732
You have to get the jewels to her from Cartier .	You have to get the jewels to the independent member from Cartier .	complex_np:her:independent member	735
Her party immediately sacked her .	Her party immediately sacked the early adopter .	complex_np:her:early adopter	736
What had happened to the baby inside her ?	What had happened to the baby inside the British officer ?	complex_np:her:British officer	737
It must be tough to be without him after 14 years together .	It must be tough to be without the overall winner after 14 years together .	complex_np:him:overall winner	738
I have never said no to him .	I have never said no to the militant leader .	complex_np:him:militant leader	740
I would ask her .	I would ask the 19-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:19-year-old daughter	741
That is easy for him to say .	That is easy for the spiritual leader to say .	complex_np:him:spiritual leader	742
I need third , I used to tell her .	I need third , I used to tell the former stripper .	complex_np:her:former stripper	743
However , losing all three would knock her out .	However , losing all three would knock the long-distance runner out .	complex_np:her:long-distance runner	744
I do not blame him in any way .	I do not blame the legal adviser in any way .	complex_np:him:legal adviser	745
Her nerves can cost her .	Her nerves can cost the interim manager .	complex_np:her:interim manager	746
And he made everyone strong with him .	And he made everyone strong with the male teacher .	complex_np:him:male teacher	747
Like her , he would try anything .	Like the romantic partner , he would try anything .	complex_np:her:romantic partner	748
Human rights groups have assailed him for jailing journalists and opponents .	Human rights groups have assailed the English teacher for jailing journalists and opponents .	complex_np:him:English teacher	749
Laughing , his parents chased him .	Laughing , his parents chased the major player .	complex_np:him:major player	750
The vote was unanimous to grant him a card .	The vote was unanimous to grant the little brother a card .	complex_np:him:little brother	751
Not long afterwards Ms Adams left him .	Not long afterwards Ms Adams left the 17-game winner .	complex_np:him:17-game winner	752
But the bars soon closed again round him .	But the bars soon closed again round the British artist .	complex_np:him:British artist	753
He said the regulation did not bother him .	He said the regulation did not bother the Japanese soldier .	complex_np:him:Japanese soldier	754
He tried ignoring God , and also compromising with him .	He tried ignoring God , and also compromising with the important member .	complex_np:him:important member	755
But I 'll ( get ) him first .	But I 'll ( get ) the residential customer first .	complex_np:him:residential customer	757
" Everybody 's watching him , " Haynes said .	" Everybody 's watching the surrogate mother , " Haynes said .	complex_np:him:surrogate mother	758
He threw the gas on her and lighted it .	He threw the gas on the great admirer and lighted it .	complex_np:her:great admirer	759
I believe we should give him that chance .	I believe we should give the 13-month-old daughter that chance .	complex_np:him:13-month-old daughter	761
Everybody knows Clinton and has made up their minds about her .	Everybody knows Clinton and has made up their minds about the forehand winner .	complex_np:her:forehand winner	762
What are they attacking him for ?	What are they attacking the 26-year-old singer for ?	complex_np:him:26-year-old singer	764
They find him on a planet where absolute conformity rules .	They find the Christian leader on a planet where absolute conformity rules .	complex_np:him:Christian leader	766
There was something else they told him , too .	There was something else they told the six-time winner , too .	complex_np:him:six-time winner	768
Other children look to him for guidance .	Other children look to the naval officer for guidance .	complex_np:him:naval officer	769
I disagree with her .	I disagree with the great partner .	complex_np:her:great partner	770
President Musharraf has relied on him for crisis management .	President Musharraf has relied on the lead guitarist for crisis management .	complex_np:him:lead guitarist	771
The Braves are hitting .288 with Teixeira , compared with .275 without him .	The Braves are hitting .288 with Teixeira , compared with .275 without the Russian fighter .	complex_np:him:Russian fighter	773
Federal officials then extradited him to Nevada to face tax evasion charges .	Federal officials then extradited the heavyweight boxer to Nevada to face tax evasion charges .	complex_np:him:heavyweight boxer	774
The search for him included numerous state and local law enforcement agencies .	The search for the international striker included numerous state and local law enforcement agencies .	complex_np:him:international striker	775
, said Mukasey 's answers satisfied him .	, said Mukasey 's answers satisfied the young player .	complex_np:him:young player	776
Behind him snakes a line of perhaps 100 desperate people .	Behind the German carmaker snakes a line of perhaps 100 desperate people .	complex_np:him:German carmaker	778
" It will not be , " I promised her .	" It will not be , " I promised the Japanese carmaker .	complex_np:her:Japanese carmaker	779
It sounded alarming and one 's sympathy went out to him .	It sounded alarming and one 's sympathy went out to the five-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:five-year-old daughter	780
It was an honor watching her when I was growing up .	It was an honor watching the British driver when I was growing up .	complex_np:her:British driver	782
Richardson 's elbow could keep him out .	Richardson 's elbow could keep the alleged killer out .	complex_np:him:alleged killer	784
Friends stopped talking to her .	Friends stopped talking to the Prime minister .	complex_np:her:Prime minister	785
Myself and my uncle were also looking for her .	Myself and my uncle were also looking for the average consumer .	complex_np:her:average consumer	786
The son of his first marriage survives him .	The son of his first marriage survives the new minister .	complex_np:him:new minister	787
' " I just do not care for her .	' " I just do not care for the good leader .	complex_np:her:good leader	789
The pastor softly pleads for him to leave .	The pastor softly pleads for the popular member to leave .	complex_np:him:popular member	790
We knew we needed to try to reach him right away .	We knew we needed to try to reach the original member right away .	complex_np:him:original member	792
But then they abruptly dropped murder charges against him earlier this month .	But then they abruptly dropped murder charges against the other specialist earlier this month .	complex_np:him:other specialist	793
A handful of hecklers also met him at the jail .	A handful of hecklers also met the 77-year-old owner at the jail .	complex_np:him:77-year-old owner	795
She knows what happened to her .	She knows what happened to the executive member .	complex_np:her:executive member	796
I needed to teach him how to drive .	I needed to teach the international customer how to drive .	complex_np:him:international customer	797
It was him .	It was the Republican challenger .	complex_np:him:Republican challenger	798
Far from strengthening Mr Blair , the reshuffle weakened him .	Far from strengthening Mr Blair , the reshuffle weakened the great manager .	complex_np:him:great manager	800
And his team is telling him it is too personal .	And his team is telling the chief technologist it is too personal .	complex_np:him:chief technologist	802
" " Please let her go or call the police .	" " Please let the Republican member go or call the police .	complex_np:her:Republican member	803
Heaven forbid , we might need him .	Heaven forbid , we might need the conservative activist .	complex_np:him:conservative activist	805
What drew you to him ?	What drew you to the nonprofit publisher ?	complex_np:him:nonprofit publisher	806
The knowledge consumed him .	The knowledge consumed the major supporter .	complex_np:him:major supporter	807
The role was written for him .	The role was written for the strong fighter .	complex_np:him:strong fighter	808
If he cannot go , we will definitely miss him .	If he cannot go , we will definitely miss the operational commander .	complex_np:him:operational commander	811
To him , Bon Jovi 's song does not cut it .	To the French defender , Bon Jovi 's song does not cut it .	complex_np:him:French defender	812
There will be plenty for him to do .	There will be plenty for the global supplier to do .	complex_np:him:global supplier	813
" " I just tried to stop him .	" " I just tried to stop the 22-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:22-year-old daughter	815
They sounded strange to him .	They sounded strange to the military adviser .	complex_np:him:military adviser	817
My , but they love him .	My , but they love the Colombian leader .	complex_np:him:Colombian leader	820
She took him to Mount Sinai Hospital .	She took the full member to Mount Sinai Hospital .	complex_np:him:full member	821
Four of his former players teach here and coach alongside him .	Four of his former players teach here and coach alongside the Irish writer .	complex_np:him:Irish writer	822
" " I remember her .	" " I remember the American journalist .	complex_np:her:American journalist	824
" It is sending him a message , " Kim Goldman said .	" It is sending the new manager a message , " Kim Goldman said .	complex_np:him:new manager	825
His top starter had a new way about him , too .	His top starter had a new way about the possible contender , too .	complex_np:him:possible contender	827
He never counseled her to submit to rape .	He never counseled the conservative leader to submit to rape .	complex_np:her:conservative leader	830
I wish him the best .	I wish the five-year-old daughter the best .	complex_np:him:five-year-old daughter	832
But in the past , conservatives have hit him hard .	But in the past , conservatives have hit the top-10 player hard .	complex_np:him:top-10 player	833
His neighbors remember him as a nice kid .	His neighbors remember the young writer as a nice kid .	complex_np:him:young writer	834
Police are hoping to speak to him again later .	Police are hoping to speak to the good teacher again later .	complex_np:him:good teacher	835
Her five children also had him for band .	Her five children also had the Portuguese manager for band .	complex_np:him:Portuguese manager	837
We were probably not hearing him at his best .	We were probably not hearing the innovative provider at his best .	complex_np:him:innovative provider	838
We want to continue working with him .	We want to continue working with the senior officer .	complex_np:him:senior officer	841
Nobody liked him .	Nobody liked the major employer .	complex_np:him:major employer	842
We trust you more than him .	We trust you more than the substitute teacher .	complex_np:him:substitute teacher	843
But that did not stop him from presenting a litany of complaints .	But that did not stop the other partner from presenting a litany of complaints .	complex_np:him:other partner	844
Even the mirror rejected him .	Even the mirror rejected the general officer .	complex_np:him:general officer	848
I would love to debate her .	I would love to debate the administrative officer .	complex_np:her:administrative officer	849
Malasics said the experience will not deter him from going camping .	Malasics said the experience will not deter the local volunteer from going camping .	complex_np:him:local volunteer	851
It is not known whether detectives interviewed him at the time .	It is not known whether detectives interviewed the Republican lawyer at the time .	complex_np:him:Republican lawyer	852
When I called on him , he was there for us .	When I called on the corporate officer , he was there for us .	complex_np:him:corporate officer	853
Jonathan stares at him wordlessly .	Jonathan stares at the eldest daughter wordlessly .	complex_np:him:eldest daughter	854
The gun used to kill him has not been found .	The gun used to kill the top-ranked player has not been found .	complex_np:him:top-ranked player	856
They should have gotten rid of him !	They should have gotten rid of the Brazilian defender !	complex_np:him:Brazilian defender	858
Teacher Troy Mansfield had cultivated her since she was in his third-grade class .	Teacher Troy Mansfield had cultivated the good driver since she was in his third-grade class .	complex_np:her:good driver	860
I had to tell him that he would not be .	I had to tell the valuable member that he would not be .	complex_np:him:valuable member	864
I am a Christian , too , so I see eye-to-eye with him .	I am a Christian , too , so I see eye-to-eye with the charismatic leader .	complex_np:him:charismatic leader	865
You 'll have to ask her .	You 'll have to ask the financial adviser .	complex_np:her:financial adviser	866
I wondered who comforted her ?	I wondered who comforted the key player ?	complex_np:her:key player	868
In Game 2 , manager Terry Francona was reluctant to use him .	In Game 2 , manager Terry Francona was reluctant to use the special adviser .	complex_np:him:special adviser	869
Now , for the first time , Sophia remonstrated with him .	Now , for the first time , Sophia remonstrated with the surrogate mother .	complex_np:him:surrogate mother	870
Hassan , the theater director , now watches over him .	Hassan , the theater director , now watches over the current owner .	complex_np:him:current owner	871
She and his three sons survive him .	She and his three sons survive the British explorer .	complex_np:him:British explorer	872
" I thought you said you 'd shot him , " he said .	" I thought you said you 'd shot the influential member , " he said .	complex_np:him:influential member	873
Adults just call him a good man .	Adults just call the Serb leader a good man .	complex_np:him:Serb leader	874
Which inevitably does not endear him to everybody .	Which inevitably does not endear the central defender to everybody .	complex_np:him:central defender	875
We are lucky to have him .	We are lucky to have the German tourist .	complex_np:him:German tourist	876
Brokenhearted , he would tell her again .	Brokenhearted , he would tell the first leader again .	complex_np:her:first leader	877
It pulls him out of the firing line .	It pulls the Brazilian artist out of the firing line .	complex_np:him:Brazilian artist	878
Whether that will be given to her , who knows .	Whether that will be given to the German artist , who knows .	complex_np:her:German artist	880
" I am not focusing on him at all , " Goodell said .	" I am not focusing on the five-time winner at all , " Goodell said .	complex_np:him:five-time winner	885
The lies caught up with her .	The lies caught up with the little sister .	complex_np:her:little sister	886
He even inaugurated the Sandiganbayan , the anti-graft court that convicted him .	He even inaugurated the Sandiganbayan , the anti-graft court that convicted the part-time player .	complex_np:him:part-time player	888
Believe me , you have not heard the last of her .	Believe me , you have not heard the last of the future leader .	complex_np:her:future leader	890
He also asked the team to remove the label or trade him .	He also asked the team to remove the label or trade the young soldier .	complex_np:him:young soldier	891
The Knights of Columbus Council in Jasper was named for him .	The Knights of Columbus Council in Jasper was named for the conservative leader .	complex_np:him:conservative leader	892
Her followers regarded her as Queen Bountiful .	Her followers regarded the two-year customer as Queen Bountiful .	complex_np:her:two-year customer	894
He was a little puzzling to her .	He was a little puzzling to the naval officer .	complex_np:her:naval officer	895
What is wrong with her ?	What is wrong with the clear front-runner ?	complex_np:her:clear front-runner	896
Ms. Wendel gave him four .	Ms. Wendel gave the global provider four .	complex_np:him:global provider	897
I could protect him .	I could protect the German leader .	complex_np:him:German leader	899
Hospital personnel revived her , but she never regained consciousness .	Hospital personnel revived the German leader , but she never regained consciousness .	complex_np:her:German leader	900
Billy asked her .	Billy asked the former leader .	complex_np:her:former leader	901
To dismiss him was to dismiss literature itself .	To dismiss the pregnant mother was to dismiss literature itself .	complex_np:him:pregnant mother	903
I think that is what is best for him .	I think that is what is best for the 33-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:33-year-old mother	904
That cannot be enough of a reason to confirm him .	That cannot be enough of a reason to confirm the principal owner .	complex_np:him:principal owner	905
Our loyalty is with Benazir because of him .	Our loyalty is with Benazir because of the supreme leader .	complex_np:him:supreme leader	906
Liz 's ( Tina Fey ) boyfriend Floyd has split up with her .	Liz 's ( Tina Fey ) boyfriend Floyd has split up with the former dancer .	complex_np:her:former dancer	907
Czech astronomers have also named an asteroid after him .	Czech astronomers have also named an asteroid after the corporate officer .	complex_np:him:corporate officer	908
In 2004 , President Bush awarded her a National Humanities Medal .	In 2004 , President Bush awarded the religious leader a National Humanities Medal .	complex_np:her:religious leader	909
His wife divorced him after his arrest .	His wife divorced the international partner after his arrest .	complex_np:him:international partner	910
Can I get him to call back ?	Can I get the French painter to call back ?	complex_np:him:French painter	911
It is probably his kids pushing him to do that .	It is probably his kids pushing the American manufacturer to do that .	complex_np:him:American manufacturer	912
Caring for my mother helped to prepare me for losing her .	Caring for my mother helped to prepare me for losing the early adopter .	complex_np:her:early adopter	913
" " I massage her .	" " I massage the female member .	complex_np:her:female member	914
Seeing him treated like this by the MoD makes me despair .	Seeing the interim manager treated like this by the MoD makes me despair .	complex_np:him:interim manager	915
Hendricks sent Astros owner Drayton McLane an e-mail informing him of the decision .	Hendricks sent Astros owner Drayton McLane an e-mail informing the former player of the decision .	complex_np:him:former player	916
For all of that , some activists were optimistic about him .	For all of that , some activists were optimistic about the longtime partner .	complex_np:him:longtime partner	917
What did Miggs say to her ?	What did Miggs say to the pulmonary specialist ?	complex_np:her:pulmonary specialist	918
You just learn from watching him .	You just learn from watching the new member .	complex_np:him:new member	919
I did not tell her about the flow chart .	I did not tell the undercover officer about the flow chart .	complex_np:her:undercover officer	920
But I adore her .	But I adore the Republican lawyer .	complex_np:her:Republican lawyer	922
On Wednesday they renewed their efforts to persuade him to step aside .	On Wednesday they renewed their efforts to persuade the many Buddhist to step aside .	complex_np:him:many Buddhist	923
Former charges against him are subequently dropped .	Former charges against the 48-year-old singer are subequently dropped .	complex_np:him:48-year-old singer	924
She asked him in Welsh where he had come from .	She asked the fast bowler in Welsh where he had come from .	complex_np:him:fast bowler	925
She dedicated a song to him .	She dedicated a song to the special player .	complex_np:him:special player	927
One shot was fired into the ceiling , Her said .	One shot was fired into the ceiling , The contemporary artist said .	complex_np:her:contemporary artist	928
I told him I am e-mailing you and that is it .	I told the Republican strategist I am e-mailing you and that is it .	complex_np:him:Republican strategist	930
London gave him that chance .	London gave the major winner that chance .	complex_np:him:major winner	932
Do you tell her ?	Do you tell the presidential adviser ?	complex_np:her:presidential adviser	933
But she had died just minutes after waving to him .	But she had died just minutes after waving to the French artist .	complex_np:him:French artist	934
I overpowered him .	I overpowered the senior member .	complex_np:him:senior member	936
Why was it so hard for him to do this job ?	Why was it so hard for the U.S.-born player to do this job ?	complex_np:him:U.S.-born player	937
He said his statistics relied upon reports of casualties being sent to him .	He said his statistics relied upon reports of casualties being sent to the foreign leader .	complex_np:him:foreign leader	938
A judge sentenced him to death in October 1994 .	A judge sentenced the new member to death in October 1994 .	complex_np:him:new member	939
Connect with her at www.womenforhire.com .	Connect with the troubled singer at www.womenforhire.com .	complex_np:her:troubled singer	941
Kaufman never permits us to fully appreciate why this issue so consumes him .	Kaufman never permits us to fully appreciate why this issue so consumes the regional leader .	complex_np:him:regional leader	942
Like Obama , Edwards urges his audiences to join him on a mission .	Like Obama , Edwards urges his audiences to join the Palestinian leader on a mission .	complex_np:him:Palestinian leader	944
They then marched him onto a PIA flight to Saudi Arabia .	They then marched the nationalist leader onto a PIA flight to Saudi Arabia .	complex_np:him:nationalist leader	946
As at any time , Bush has forces pushing against him .	As at any time , Bush has forces pushing against the French teacher .	complex_np:him:French teacher	950
It also stifled him creatively .	It also stifled the anonymous caller creatively .	complex_np:him:anonymous caller	951
It was not anything that somebody asked him to do .	It was not anything that somebody asked the political reporter to do .	complex_np:him:political reporter	952
Judge Frances Gilbert warned him to expect a prison sentence .	Judge Frances Gilbert warned the sole bidder to expect a prison sentence .	complex_np:him:sole bidder	953
We have only started to miss him .	We have only started to miss the animal lover .	complex_np:him:animal lover	954
Every day is a red carpet day for him .	Every day is a red carpet day for the troubled lender .	complex_np:him:troubled lender	955
School officials identified her as Courtney Curtis .	School officials identified the 3-year-old daughter as Courtney Curtis .	complex_np:her:3-year-old daughter	957
It was very real to him .	It was very real to the runaway winner .	complex_np:him:runaway winner	958
His partner had left for Germany and taken their four-month-old son with her .	His partner had left for Germany and taken their four-month-old son with the Chinese journalist .	complex_np:her:Chinese journalist	959
I see him perhaps three times a year .	I see the arresting officer perhaps three times a year .	complex_np:him:arresting officer	960
He gives her a big smile .	He gives the 25-year-old singer a big smile .	complex_np:her:25-year-old singer	961
The nuns recognised him and he saved his head .	The nuns recognised the Afghan soldier and he saved his head .	complex_np:him:Afghan soldier	963
When Kenny Lofton challenged him , he walked away .	When Kenny Lofton challenged the 15-game winner , he walked away .	complex_np:him:15-game winner	965
Beardsley said Friday that Simpson had called him to apologize .	Beardsley said Friday that Simpson had called the 20-game winner to apologize .	complex_np:him:20-game winner	966
I never had any presents from him .	I never had any presents from the former lawyer .	complex_np:him:former lawyer	968
He had all his life before him .	He had all his life before the national frontrunner .	complex_np:him:national frontrunner	970
As they pushed him , he fell again .	As they pushed the Democratic challenger , he fell again .	complex_np:him:Democratic challenger	971
So it ends with her finally becoming divine .	So it ends with the German soldier finally becoming divine .	complex_np:her:German soldier	972
It also lets him avoid tough questions in favor of bagels .	It also lets the executive producer avoid tough questions in favor of bagels .	complex_np:him:executive producer	973
When she got out , I thanked her .	When she got out , I thanked the second member .	complex_np:her:second member	974
I often said to him .	I often said to the old master .	complex_np:him:old master	975
I have never even met her .	I have never even met the main provider .	complex_np:her:main provider	976
Forget about loving him .	Forget about loving the Shiite lawmaker .	complex_np:him:Shiite lawmaker	980
I believe I am a better man for knowing him .	I believe I am a better man for knowing the former commander .	complex_np:him:former commander	983
You sense him in his statue .	You sense the left fielder in his statue .	complex_np:him:left fielder	984
I just want him to be happy .	I just want the Celtic manager to be happy .	complex_np:him:Celtic manager	985
That is what makes him so great .	That is what makes the militant Islamist so great .	complex_np:him:militant Islamist	986
Conn showed him the ropes .	Conn showed the militant leader the ropes .	complex_np:him:militant leader	987
That made him late in deciding to kick the field goal .	That made the first driver late in deciding to kick the field goal .	complex_np:him:first driver	989
I went with her .	I went with the deputy coroner .	complex_np:her:deputy coroner	990
But he says the system left him no choice .	But he says the system left the Chinese manufacturer no choice .	complex_np:him:Chinese manufacturer	991
Let 's see what Sutil has going for him .	Let 's see what Sutil has going for the Australian striker .	complex_np:him:Australian striker	992
The accusation that he caused this death was really hurtful to him .	The accusation that he caused this death was really hurtful to the Venezuelan leader .	complex_np:him:Venezuelan leader	994
Three or four boys last time attacked him .	Three or four boys last time attacked the average consumer .	complex_np:him:average consumer	996
To him , it could be interpreted as a sign of weakness .	To the solo artist , it could be interpreted as a sign of weakness .	complex_np:him:solo artist	997
She is my Lindsay , and I love her .	She is my Lindsay , and I love the third member .	complex_np:her:third member	999
I would love to have him in my side .	I would love to have the six-time winner in my side .	complex_np:him:six-time winner	1000
They warned the public not to approach him .	They warned the public not to approach the eldest daughter .	complex_np:him:eldest daughter	1003
That will be a red flag for him .	That will be a red flag for the conservative blogger .	complex_np:him:conservative blogger	1004
That was enough to make him resent Dick .	That was enough to make the chief economist resent Dick .	complex_np:him:chief economist	1007
Many more were sent to her from around the country .	Many more were sent to the foreign minister from around the country .	complex_np:her:foreign minister	1008
It is all waiting for him .	It is all waiting for the conceptual artist .	complex_np:him:conceptual artist	1010
Can you tell me about him ?	Can you tell me about the young writer ?	complex_np:him:young writer	1011
People say I am just like my father because I act like him .	People say I am just like my father because I act like the juvenile offender .	complex_np:him:juvenile offender	1012
Castro later used Lesnik 's cell phone to call her .	Castro later used Lesnik 's cell phone to call the missing toddler .	complex_np:her:missing toddler	1013
His 2001 title here came with controversy he has put behind him .	His 2001 title here came with controversy he has put behind the overall leader .	complex_np:him:overall leader	1014
It is a fact that now embarrasses him .	It is a fact that now embarrasses the abstract painter .	complex_np:him:abstract painter	1016
He sat up when I presented him with food .	He sat up when I presented the French defender with food .	complex_np:him:French defender	1017
I just had a cocktail with him and it went from there .	I just had a cocktail with the radical Islamist and it went from there .	complex_np:him:radical Islamist	1019
You denied him that for a number of years .	You denied the British lender that for a number of years .	complex_np:him:British lender	1020
But I say give him credit .	But I say give the commanding officer credit .	complex_np:him:commanding officer	1021
Safe bet no bigwig from Hallmark will be calling him anytime soon .	Safe bet no bigwig from Hallmark will be calling the fellow officer anytime soon .	complex_np:him:fellow officer	1022
Fineman : Has Barack Obama got it in him ?	Fineman : Has Barack Obama got it in the Prime minister ?	complex_np:him:Prime minister	1024
But I am not surprised that he abandoned her .	But I am not surprised that he abandoned the former reporter .	complex_np:her:former reporter	1025
Physical therapy has helped him control his head and other muscles .	Physical therapy has helped the international producer control his head and other muscles .	complex_np:him:international producer	1026
The cold weather was troubling her .	The cold weather was troubling the overseas player .	complex_np:her:overseas player	1027
He looked at her .	He looked at the spiritual adviser .	complex_np:her:spiritual adviser	1028
Richardson , however , maintains that campaign contributions do not influence him .	Richardson , however , maintains that campaign contributions do not influence the solo artist .	complex_np:him:solo artist	1029
It also gave him a sense of pride .	It also gave the current owner a sense of pride .	complex_np:him:current owner	1030
The court also issued an arrest warrant against him .	The court also issued an arrest warrant against the new designer .	complex_np:him:new designer	1032
In 2003 she survived an attempt by military mutineers to unseat her .	In 2003 she survived an attempt by military mutineers to unseat the Baptist minister .	complex_np:her:Baptist minister	1033
Bhutto and those with her were not hurt .	Bhutto and those with the little sister were not hurt .	complex_np:her:little sister	1034
We are excited for her .	We are excited for the medical officer .	complex_np:her:medical officer	1035
Children call him the balloon man .	Children call the fourth player the balloon man .	complex_np:him:fourth player	1038
Call him .	Call the important player .	complex_np:him:important player	1039
The officers ordered him to stop , Browne said .	The officers ordered the Afghan leader to stop , Browne said .	complex_np:him:Afghan leader	1040
Three of Pichushkin 's victims survived , and one identified him .	Three of Pichushkin 's victims survived , and one identified the second member .	complex_np:him:second member	1041
They were the last words Katrina Shank ever heard from him .	They were the last words Katrina Shank ever heard from the valuable player .	complex_np:him:valuable player	1043
I am suggesting you give him as much time as possible .	I am suggesting you give the British singer as much time as possible .	complex_np:him:British singer	1045
In this situation , she believes , it might save her .	In this situation , she believes , it might save the surrogate father .	complex_np:her:surrogate father	1047
His father wanted him to be a farmer .	His father wanted the other specialist to be a farmer .	complex_np:him:other specialist	1048
His opponents say the previous court would have ruled against him .	His opponents say the previous court would have ruled against the 19-game winner .	complex_np:him:19-game winner	1049
And he seems optimistic that the voters will support him .	And he seems optimistic that the voters will support the significant customer .	complex_np:him:significant customer	1052
He soon had a group of about 1,000 following him .	He soon had a group of about 1,000 following the winning bidder .	complex_np:him:winning bidder	1053
She had visited him at Walter Reed .	She had visited the British explorer at Walter Reed .	complex_np:him:British explorer	1054
You cannot take that away from him .	You cannot take that away from the autistic hiker .	complex_np:him:autistic hiker	1057
His party promptly expelled him .	His party promptly expelled the exclusive provider .	complex_np:him:exclusive provider	1058
A referendum in 2007 endorsed him as president for a second seven-year term .	A referendum in 2007 endorsed the Christian activist as president for a second seven-year term .	complex_np:him:Christian activist	1059
" We offer our prayers to him , " Benedict said .	" We offer our prayers to the key supporter , " Benedict said .	complex_np:him:key supporter	1060
I looked away and the next thing they were fighting with him .	I looked away and the next thing they were fighting with the British writer .	complex_np:him:British writer	1061
Some of the Americans are fond of him .	Some of the Americans are fond of the Democratic pollster .	complex_np:him:Democratic pollster	1062
13 confrontation that he had not stolen items from him .	13 confrontation that he had not stolen items from the Irish writer .	complex_np:him:Irish writer	1063
If you can , please let him know .	If you can , please let the senior writer know .	complex_np:him:senior writer	1064
Interpol again appealed for public help to track him down now .	Interpol again appealed for public help to track the Basque separatist down now .	complex_np:him:Basque separatist	1065
Friends tried to cheer him up .	Friends tried to cheer the British rocker up .	complex_np:him:British rocker	1066
Looking back , Grove realizes that she probably knew he adored her .	Looking back , Grove realizes that she probably knew he adored the German officer .	complex_np:her:German officer	1067
His showmanship , suits and pompadoured hair made him famous .	His showmanship , suits and pompadoured hair made the next hitter famous .	complex_np:him:next hitter	1068
That does not stop him from pushing for more .	That does not stop the athletic trainer from pushing for more .	complex_np:him:athletic trainer	1069
" I had no intention of leaving him , " she said .	" I had no intention of leaving the unidentified runner , " she said .	complex_np:him:unidentified runner	1070
They 've even gotten him hired as a lyric-translator-to-the-stars .	They 've even gotten the American cyclist hired as a lyric-translator-to-the-stars .	complex_np:him:American cyclist	1071
I just heard him .	I just heard the global customer .	complex_np:him:global customer	1075
But Gates wrote Clinton a conciliatory letter and ordered Edelman to brief her .	But Gates wrote Clinton a conciliatory letter and ordered Edelman to brief the original member .	complex_np:her:original member	1077
Attack her for that , Dick argues .	Attack the longtime supporter for that , Dick argues .	complex_np:her:longtime supporter	1078
I think I could place her anywhere .	I think I could place the new partner anywhere .	complex_np:her:new partner	1079
He is charismatic and the girls like him .	He is charismatic and the girls like the Swedish industrialist .	complex_np:him:Swedish industrialist	1080
He reckons he inherited his optimistic nature from her .	He reckons he inherited his optimistic nature from the good player .	complex_np:her:good player	1081
" They were torturing him , " Wells said .	" They were torturing the strong customer , " Wells said .	complex_np:him:strong customer	1082
' " Spenser called after her .	' " Spenser called after the American journalist .	complex_np:her:American journalist	1083
His attitude makes his teammates want to follow him .	His attitude makes his teammates want to follow the potential partner .	complex_np:him:potential partner	1084
Three decades have not been kind to her , either .	Three decades have not been kind to the veteran defender , either .	complex_np:her:veteran defender	1085
Her knee would not leave her alone .	Her knee would not leave the relative newcomer alone .	complex_np:her:relative newcomer	1086
Jesus Christ 's sacrifice moved him .	Jesus Christ 's sacrifice moved the main challenger .	complex_np:him:main challenger	1087
The crowd gave him standing ovations .	The crowd gave the great believer standing ovations .	complex_np:him:great believer	1088
Efforts to revive her failed , the police said .	Efforts to revive the 29-year-old rapper failed , the police said .	complex_np:her:29-year-old rapper	1089
Mr Catto was able to fend him off .	Mr Catto was able to fend the interior minister off .	complex_np:him:interior minister	1090
I called him for his food and there was no reply .	I called the French minister for his food and there was no reply .	complex_np:him:French minister	1091
Huggins said he knew Beasley would not follow him .	Huggins said he knew Beasley would not follow the current employer .	complex_np:him:current employer	1092
I am just trying to release her .	I am just trying to release the young writer .	complex_np:her:young writer	1093
I can no longer effectively represent him .	I can no longer effectively represent the gold medalist .	complex_np:him:gold medalist	1095
Extensive searches of the island turned up no trace of her .	Extensive searches of the island turned up no trace of the 19-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:19-year-old daughter	1096
I wish her all the best in the world .	I wish the Chinese consumer all the best in the world .	complex_np:her:Chinese consumer	1097
Spikes tell him .	Spikes tell the American manufacturer .	complex_np:him:American manufacturer	1099
Sanchez is 16-for-32 against him in his career .	Sanchez is 16-for-32 against the three-time winner in his career .	complex_np:him:three-time winner	1100
I envied him getting it over with early !	I envied the Syrian leader getting it over with early !	complex_np:him:Syrian leader	1101
His advisers say the firefighter talked to him in June .	His advisers say the firefighter talked to the serious contender in June .	complex_np:him:serious contender	1103
In his view , Govan had left him holding the bag .	In his view , Govan had left the 4-month-old daughter holding the bag .	complex_np:him:4-month-old daughter	1104
Police had been granted a 12-hour extension to question him .	Police had been granted a 12-hour extension to question the top producer .	complex_np:him:top producer	1105
Tara smiled at him .	Tara smiled at the 77-year-old owner .	complex_np:him:77-year-old owner	1106
I was proud of her .	I was proud of the big supporter .	complex_np:her:big supporter	1107
Jairo has healed , re-entered the ring and put the accident behind him .	Jairo has healed , re-entered the ring and put the accident behind the online auctioneer .	complex_np:him:online auctioneer	1108
Mr Richardson 's Latino heritage will probably help him .	Mr Richardson 's Latino heritage will probably help the big supporter .	complex_np:him:big supporter	1111
Would she care to meet him for a drink ?	Would she care to meet the elderly father for a drink ?	complex_np:him:elderly father	1113
... I was really close to him .	... I was really close to the female singer .	complex_np:him:female singer	1114
But as his confidence falters , you begin to feel for him .	But as his confidence falters , you begin to feel for the Russian fighter .	complex_np:him:Russian fighter	1117
" The memo materials have been infiltrated , " I tell him .	" The memo materials have been infiltrated , " I tell the global customer .	complex_np:him:global customer	1119
Do you miss him ?	Do you miss the missing adventurer ?	complex_np:him:missing adventurer	1120
The jury cleared him of having sex with an underage girl .	The jury cleared the late winner of having sex with an underage girl .	complex_np:him:late winner	1121
Owens was running inside the 10 when the pass fell well behind him .	Owens was running inside the 10 when the pass fell well behind the Democratic frontrunner .	complex_np:him:Democratic frontrunner	1122
I remember her clearly and fondly .	I remember the new manager clearly and fondly .	complex_np:her:new manager	1123
It is the present that has eluded him .	It is the present that has eluded the migrant worker .	complex_np:him:migrant worker	1124
In 1999 , this Congress elected him Speaker of the House .	In 1999 , this Congress elected the co-executive producer Speaker of the House .	complex_np:him:co-executive producer	1125
He threw her over his shoulder and struggled back across the room .	He threw the junior minister over his shoulder and struggled back across the room .	complex_np:her:junior minister	1127
He also insisted he never forced her to do anything .	He also insisted he never forced the two-year-old daughter to do anything .	complex_np:her:two-year-old daughter	1128
Ben asked Devlin why he was taking him .	Ben asked Devlin why he was taking the general consumer .	complex_np:him:general consumer	1129
He had his violin with him .	He had his violin with the reputed mobster .	complex_np:him:reputed mobster	1130
But soon , many of them were weeping with her .	But soon , many of them were weeping with the British artist .	complex_np:her:British artist	1131
Let him feel comfortable .	Let the anti-Syrian lawmaker feel comfortable .	complex_np:him:anti-Syrian lawmaker	1134
The courts dealt her a final insult .	The courts dealt the different player a final insult .	complex_np:her:different player	1136
We thanked him .	We thanked the Christian leader .	complex_np:him:Christian leader	1137
Her plans now include shopping , dinner , ice skating and the Rockettes .	The Greek sprinter plans now include shopping , dinner , ice skating and the Rockettes .	complex_np:her:Greek sprinter	1139
When a warden made him stop , Spratt sued .	When a warden made the longtime member stop , Spratt sued .	complex_np:him:longtime member	1140
Her family are believed to be with her .	Her family are believed to be with the American cyclist .	complex_np:her:American cyclist	1141
Craig confirmed that Reid called him last week .	Craig confirmed that Reid called the conservative blogger last week .	complex_np:him:conservative blogger	1142
The Blackwater guards started toying with him , Abood said .	The Blackwater guards started toying with the conservative blogger , Abood said .	complex_np:him:conservative blogger	1143
For him , this is fashion .	For the Italian photographer , this is fashion .	complex_np:him:Italian photographer	1144
She says she trusted him right away .	She says she trusted the single mother right away .	complex_np:him:single mother	1145
- Playing as a rookie is nothing new for him .	- Playing as a rookie is nothing new for the widowed mother .	complex_np:him:widowed mother	1148
Want to reach him ?	Want to reach the vice minister ?	complex_np:him:vice minister	1149
Her training helps her in front of the camera too .	Her training helps the next player in front of the camera too .	complex_np:her:next player	1150
They also asked him to take a polygraph test .	They also asked the Brazilian midfielder to take a polygraph test .	complex_np:him:Brazilian midfielder	1151
And his mother Renee helped him research possible colleges .	And his mother Renee helped the physical therapist research possible colleges .	complex_np:him:physical therapist	1153
It can only help improve him .	It can only help improve the overall leader .	complex_np:him:overall leader	1154
They believed in him .	They believed in the Afghan soldier .	complex_np:him:Afghan soldier	1160
Such criticisms leave her nonplused .	Such criticisms leave the American publisher nonplused .	complex_np:her:American publisher	1161
I think someone was threatening him , do not you ?	I think someone was threatening the good manager , do not you ?	complex_np:him:good manager	1165
We can still trust him .	We can still trust the Christian activist .	complex_np:him:Christian activist	1166
I listened to her .	I listened to the other consumer .	complex_np:her:other consumer	1167
I have a lot of admiration for him .	I have a lot of admiration for the regional leader .	complex_np:him:regional leader	1169
" " I would have had a better chance to beat him .	" " I would have had a better chance to beat the Mexican artist .	complex_np:him:Mexican artist	1170
He is 32 , he tells her .	He is 32 , he tells the active member .	complex_np:her:active member	1172
He waved her on .	He waved the political scientist on .	complex_np:her:political scientist	1174
But do not count him out quite yet .	But do not count the British lender out quite yet .	complex_np:him:British lender	1175
But that is not the way some big investors see him .	But that is not the way some big investors see the scientific officer .	complex_np:him:scientific officer	1176
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell benched him for the season .	NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell benched the young driver for the season .	complex_np:him:young driver	1179
We 'll miss him .	We 'll miss the Iraqi commander .	complex_np:him:Iraqi commander	1180
Namazie said of her and Jami 's critics .	Namazie said of the chief officer and Jami 's critics .	complex_np:her:chief officer	1183
It is her , walking .	It is the ranking member , walking .	complex_np:her:ranking member	1185
It caught up to him .	It caught up to the private lawyer .	complex_np:him:private lawyer	1186
Mr. Gardner indicated that two events might have influenced him .	Mr. Gardner indicated that two events might have influenced the clear front-runner .	complex_np:him:clear front-runner	1187
At first , I was scared of him .	At first , I was scared of the Female artist .	complex_np:him:Female artist	1188
I said that to him .	I said that to the experienced player .	complex_np:him:experienced player	1189
What do you expect her to say ?	What do you expect the hard-line leader to say ?	complex_np:her:hard-line leader	1191
Another showed him with a hairy chest .	Another showed the migrant worker with a hairy chest .	complex_np:him:migrant worker	1192
" All the advertisement has been for him , " she said .	" All the advertisement has been for the Italian striker , " she said .	complex_np:him:Italian striker	1193
There was no telephone listing for him or his family in Adrian .	There was no telephone listing for the American photographer or his family in Adrian .	complex_np:him:American photographer	1194
I hope you honor her for what she is been through .	I hope you honor the dry cleaner for what she is been through .	complex_np:her:dry cleaner	1195
The nightclub world no longer holds any attractions for him .	The nightclub world no longer holds any attractions for the French tourist .	complex_np:him:French tourist	1198
Freddy Sanchez went 1-for-2 against Davis to finish 5-for-6 against him this season .	Freddy Sanchez went 1-for-2 against Davis to finish 5-for-6 against the young mother this season .	complex_np:him:young mother	1199
After Omeish resigned , Gilbert praised Kaine for acting swiftly to remove him .	After Omeish resigned , Gilbert praised Kaine for acting swiftly to remove the main shareholder .	complex_np:him:main shareholder	1200
I talked with him yesterday , and he is fine .	I talked with the female member yesterday , and he is fine .	complex_np:him:female member	1201
I just wish I had been there for her .	I just wish I had been there for the Iraqi leader .	complex_np:her:Iraqi leader	1203
McNair fired a single shot from behind him .	McNair fired a single shot from behind the offensive player .	complex_np:him:offensive player	1205
The song had been written for her by Irving Berlin .	The song had been written for the political player by Irving Berlin .	complex_np:her:political player	1206
Police identified him as a suspect on Monday .	Police identified the national officer as a suspect on Monday .	complex_np:him:national officer	1207
" It is a great honor for him , " Huard said .	" It is a great honor for the average worker , " Huard said .	complex_np:him:average worker	1208
I just spoke to him and he knows nothing about it .	I just spoke to the key member and he knows nothing about it .	complex_np:him:key member	1209
I chided him .	I chided the wonderful mother .	complex_np:him:wonderful mother	1211
" I told him to keep me posted , " Loreane Tomlinson said .	" I told the prominent lawyer to keep me posted , " Loreane Tomlinson said .	complex_np:him:prominent lawyer	1212
I shook my head at him and tutted .	I shook my head at the former lawyer and tutted .	complex_np:him:former lawyer	1214
The arbitrators voted 2-1 again him .	The arbitrators voted 2-1 again the presidential front-runner .	complex_np:him:presidential front-runner	1215
Her challengers were trying to force her into a Nov. 25 runoff .	Her challengers were trying to force the graphic artist into a Nov. 25 runoff .	complex_np:her:graphic artist	1218
Authorities never imprisoned Azima but prevented her from leaving .	Authorities never imprisoned Azima but prevented the former journalist from leaving .	complex_np:her:former journalist	1221
Etchebery said in court testimony that Sanussi hit her in the face .	Etchebery said in court testimony that Sanussi hit the prominent activist in the face .	complex_np:her:prominent activist	1223
" She completely upstaged him , " Tominey laughed .	" She completely upstaged the court-appointed lawyer , " Tominey laughed .	complex_np:him:court-appointed lawyer	1224
LOS ANGELES - Just call him The Duke .	LOS ANGELES - Just call the judicial officer The Duke .	complex_np:him:judicial officer	1228
Fox News aired a short TV interview with him Friday .	Fox News aired a short TV interview with the temporary driver Friday .	complex_np:him:temporary driver	1229
None of Louis XVI 's dithering for her .	None of Louis XVI 's dithering for the terrorist leader .	complex_np:her:terrorist leader	1233
He pressed the Kremlin to let him launch a satellite .	He pressed the Kremlin to let the hooded robber launch a satellite .	complex_np:him:hooded robber	1234
The disclosure rules confirm him to be hardly alone .	The disclosure rules confirm the prospective buyer to be hardly alone .	complex_np:him:prospective buyer	1235
" We 'll give him every opportunity , " Coughlin said .	" We 'll give the American soldier every opportunity , " Coughlin said .	complex_np:him:American soldier	1236
Now we are obsessed with him .	Now we are obsessed with the highest-paid player .	complex_np:him:highest-paid player	1238
There were two assassination attempts on him during his presidency .	There were two assassination attempts on the Democratic leader during his presidency .	complex_np:him:Democratic leader	1240
Just ask him .	Just ask the embattled leader .	complex_np:him:embattled leader	1241
She is over , someone tell him .	She is over , someone tell the pro-democracy leader .	complex_np:him:pro-democracy leader	1243
She told NBC there were " so many " lies told about her .	She told NBC there were " so many " lies told about the 16-year-old sister .	complex_np:her:16-year-old sister	1245
" I cannot say enough about her , " Miller said .	" I cannot say enough about the British singer-songwriter , " Miller said .	complex_np:her:British singer-songwriter	1246
And do not even get her started about the Bush administration .	And do not even get the 27-year-old rapper started about the Bush administration .	complex_np:her:27-year-old rapper	1247
He ignored a player who told him to wait .	He ignored a player who told the single mother to wait .	complex_np:him:single mother	1251
The state government is also bringing a case against him for inciting violence .	The state government is also bringing a case against the Hamas leader for inciting violence .	complex_np:him:Hamas leader	1252
Many friends simply started refusing disks from him .	Many friends simply started refusing disks from the late grandfather .	complex_np:him:late grandfather	1253
1 and spent an hour with him .	1 and spent an hour with the planetary scientist .	complex_np:him:planetary scientist	1254
Attempts to revive her were unsuccessful .	Attempts to revive the court-appointed lawyer were unsuccessful .	complex_np:her:court-appointed lawyer	1255
It has not seemed to throw him off .	It has not seemed to throw the lead guitarist off .	complex_np:him:lead guitarist	1256
Scott asked him .	Scott asked the right-handed hitter .	complex_np:him:right-handed hitter	1257
The boy in the car with him escaped with minor injuries .	The boy in the car with the political strategist escaped with minor injuries .	complex_np:him:political strategist	1258
That was what convicted her .	That was what convicted the veterinary officer .	complex_np:her:veterinary officer	1259
At least one other person escorting him was also killed in the explosion .	At least one other person escorting the substitute teacher was also killed in the explosion .	complex_np:him:substitute teacher	1260
" I always asked for him , " she said .	" I always asked for the public officer , " she said .	complex_np:him:public officer	1261
She came right out and endorsed him .	She came right out and endorsed the 48-year-old singer .	complex_np:him:48-year-old singer	1264
Personally , I would not go to listen to him .	Personally , I would not go to listen to the nuclear scientist .	complex_np:him:nuclear scientist	1265
We are very , very pleased with him .	We are very , very pleased with the official biographer .	complex_np:him:official biographer	1266
Rescuers eventually managed to convince him to go to a shelter .	Rescuers eventually managed to convince the former partner to go to a shelter .	complex_np:him:former partner	1267
Working with her was fantastically satisfying .	Working with the political officer was fantastically satisfying .	complex_np:her:political officer	1270
But Agnieszka Radwanska upset her in the fourth round .	But Agnieszka Radwanska upset the top producer in the fourth round .	complex_np:her:top producer	1271
The tinkerer is a good name for him .	The tinkerer is a good name for the 13-month-old daughter .	complex_np:him:13-month-old daughter	1272
His agenda is often unannounced , and when in public bodyguards surround him .	His agenda is often unannounced , and when in public bodyguards surround the presidential contender .	complex_np:him:presidential contender	1273
What made him change his mind ?	What made the General manager change his mind ?	complex_np:him:General manager	1274
" It did not faze him , " Flowe said .	" It did not faze the French lawyer , " Flowe said .	complex_np:him:French lawyer	1275
I think he has a positive effect on the people around him .	I think he has a positive effect on the people around the German automaker .	complex_np:him:German automaker	1276
The volunteers were helping her get through one day at a time .	The volunteers were helping the 2-year-old daughter get through one day at a time .	complex_np:her:2-year-old daughter	1277
In the case of Ron Paul , the Internet has harnessed him .	In the case of Ron Paul , the Internet has harnessed the American soldier .	complex_np:him:American soldier	1278
I have nothing good to say about him at all .	I have nothing good to say about the overall customer at all .	complex_np:him:overall customer	1280
It definitely hurt her .	It definitely hurt the Iraqi soldier .	complex_np:her:Iraqi soldier	1283
But McClelland , the plate umpire , called him back .	But McClelland , the plate umpire , called the long-term shareholder back .	complex_np:him:long-term shareholder	1284
I like her , but , no , not that much .	I like the first driver , but , no , not that much .	complex_np:her:first driver	1285
He said a police officer rescued him .	He said a police officer rescued the independent voter .	complex_np:him:independent voter	1288
And I kept him there for years .	And I kept the basic consumer there for years .	complex_np:him:basic consumer	1289
Just the sound of Jennifer 's question felt otherworldly to him .	Just the sound of Jennifer 's question felt otherworldly to the former minister .	complex_np:him:former minister	1290
Raise a glass to him today .	Raise a glass to the Christian leader today .	complex_np:him:Christian leader	1291
I have to pinch myself and I cannot believe it is really him .	I have to pinch myself and I cannot believe it is really the different player .	complex_np:him:different player	1292
He has at least four named after him .	He has at least four named after the former producer .	complex_np:him:former producer	1294
Kids with crazy haircuts and parents with tattoos do not rattle her either .	Kids with crazy haircuts and parents with tattoos do not rattle the Japanese automaker either .	complex_np:her:Japanese automaker	1295
She also visited him in the hospital as he battled cancer .	She also visited the first officer in the hospital as he battled cancer .	complex_np:him:first officer	1296
The cops tasered him .	The cops tasered the 36-year-old rapper .	complex_np:him:36-year-old rapper	1297
She smuggled him into Kenya aboard an aid flight .	She smuggled the chief technologist into Kenya aboard an aid flight .	complex_np:him:chief technologist	1301
And she came right back at him .	And she came right back at the four-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:four-year-old daughter	1302
The federal courthouse in St. Louis is named for him .	The federal courthouse in St. Louis is named for the 20-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:20-year-old daughter	1303
It is fantastic to have him back in the training ground .	It is fantastic to have the Blackwater founder back in the training ground .	complex_np:him:Blackwater founder	1304
I would like to get him back .	I would like to get the lead guitarist back .	complex_np:him:lead guitarist	1305
There had previously been speculation that health troubles prompted him to step down .	There had previously been speculation that health troubles prompted the lead singer to step down .	complex_np:him:lead singer	1306
" " I have not got a smidgen of dissatisfaction from him .	" " I have not got a smidgen of dissatisfaction from the troubled singer .	complex_np:him:troubled singer	1307
She is a fantastic talent and we should support her .	She is a fantastic talent and we should support the documentary filmmaker .	complex_np:her:documentary filmmaker	1308
We will not help him in this .	We will not help the female vocalist in this .	complex_np:him:female vocalist	1309
It will lead him back into Downing Street .	It will lead the forensic scientist back into Downing Street .	complex_np:him:forensic scientist	1311
I am furious that the Department of Education did not support her .	I am furious that the Department of Education did not support the independent voter .	complex_np:her:independent voter	1312
She smiled triumphantly at him .	She smiled triumphantly at the top automaker .	complex_np:him:top automaker	1313
Mr Purcell denies all the charges against him .	Mr Purcell denies all the charges against the online customer .	complex_np:him:online customer	1314
Jacksonville waived him on Sunday .	Jacksonville waived the Greek runner on Sunday .	complex_np:him:Greek runner	1315
Some are obviously crazy about her .	Some are obviously crazy about the Afghan interpreter .	complex_np:her:Afghan interpreter	1316
Along the way , he took his chance and kissed her .	Along the way , he took his chance and kissed the third soldier .	complex_np:her:third soldier	1321
The truth is that I really do not know him very well .	The truth is that I really do not know the strong customer very well .	complex_np:him:strong customer	1322
We speak about her and laugh together at all the memories .	We speak about the former firefighter and laugh together at all the memories .	complex_np:her:former firefighter	1323
Her and my dad had divorced shortly after I would arrived .	The 20-year-old daughter and my dad had divorced shortly after I would arrived .	complex_np:her:20-year-old daughter	1324
It was very difficult for her .	It was very difficult for the Fast bowler .	complex_np:her:Fast bowler	1325
Still , viewer support could only carry him so far .	Still , viewer support could only carry the young designer so far .	complex_np:him:young designer	1327
What are we going to do with her ?	What are we going to do with the Mexican artist ?	complex_np:her:Mexican artist	1330
She is got Bill to back her up .	She is got Bill to back the corporate lawyer up .	complex_np:her:corporate lawyer	1331
Hotz said the companies had not been in touch with him .	Hotz said the companies had not been in touch with the Shiite extremist .	complex_np:him:Shiite extremist	1332
It took him 14 years .	It took the political journalist 14 years .	complex_np:him:political journalist	1333
Save the bird , he told him .	Save the bird , he told the Polish teenager .	complex_np:him:Polish teenager	1335
I think he will be back , you cannot count him out .	I think he will be back , you cannot count the personal trainer out .	complex_np:him:personal trainer	1338
He then grabbed Slocombe and ordered him off his property .	He then grabbed Slocombe and ordered the runaway winner off his property .	complex_np:him:runaway winner	1340
After I leave him , I cross back .	After I leave the commanding officer , I cross back .	complex_np:him:commanding officer	1342
The Americans were desperate to have a look at him too .	The Americans were desperate to have a look at the single shareholder too .	complex_np:him:single shareholder	1344
It was stunningly inappropriate for him to do what he did .	It was stunningly inappropriate for the national provider to do what he did .	complex_np:him:national provider	1345
2 - when the Rockies beat him 4-3 .	2 - when the Rockies beat the preferred bidder 4-3 .	complex_np:him:preferred bidder	1346
Most of the roster is happy to have him back .	Most of the roster is happy to have the first member back .	complex_np:him:first member	1347
What was it like to confront him in person ?	What was it like to confront the British composer in person ?	complex_np:him:British composer	1349
I cannot draw him out .	I cannot draw the online customer out .	complex_np:him:online customer	1350
Scandinavian EU members have also voiced concern about him .	Scandinavian EU members have also voiced concern about the Democratic pollster .	complex_np:him:Democratic pollster	1353
And football has been there for him .	And football has been there for the corporate manager .	complex_np:him:corporate manager	1354
Edwards said Musharraf assured him it would .	Edwards said Musharraf assured the British composer it would .	complex_np:him:British composer	1356
Emergency workers took her away on a stretcher .	Emergency workers took the central defender away on a stretcher .	complex_np:her:central defender	1357
Mr. Sarkozy refers to her as his Condi Rice .	Mr. Sarkozy refers to the late winner as his Condi Rice .	complex_np:her:late winner	1358
It took her a long time to come around .	It took the controlling shareholder a long time to come around .	complex_np:her:controlling shareholder	1360
A hotel pianist once wrote a tune for her .	A hotel pianist once wrote a tune for the troubled lender .	complex_np:her:troubled lender	1362
In exchange , prosecutors dropped one of the terrorism charges against him .	In exchange , prosecutors dropped one of the terrorism charges against the mechanical engineer .	complex_np:him:mechanical engineer	1365
It also wants him to quit his army post .	It also wants the other partner to quit his army post .	complex_np:him:other partner	1366
It was not going to help him , Beckett said .	It was not going to help the adoptive mother , Beckett said .	complex_np:him:adoptive mother	1370
There was a lot of hype on him .	There was a lot of hype on the gold digger .	complex_np:him:gold digger	1371
To the contrary , it will embolden her .	To the contrary , it will embolden the British lender .	complex_np:her:British lender	1372
Without him , I would not be here .	Without the general partner , I would not be here .	complex_np:him:general partner	1373
As Bonaduce walked away , Fairplay called after him .	As Bonaduce walked away , Fairplay called after the major winner .	complex_np:him:major winner	1374
We are all close to her .	We are all close to the veteran spacewalker .	complex_np:her:veteran spacewalker	1375
She warned him that any stranger would be killed .	She warned the right-handed hitter that any stranger would be killed .	complex_np:him:right-handed hitter	1376
She vows she will never speak to him again .	She vows she will never speak to the French defender again .	complex_np:him:French defender	1377
Women wanted to look like her .	Women wanted to look like the British journalist .	complex_np:her:British journalist	1378
" The girls were crying and hysterical , " Her said .	" The girls were crying and hysterical , " The international master said .	complex_np:her:international master	1379
" I am not chastising her , " Gordon said .	" I am not chastising the foster mother , " Gordon said .	complex_np:her:foster mother	1380
So , instead , I spoke directly to her .	So , instead , I spoke directly to the highest-ranked player .	complex_np:her:highest-ranked player	1382
They do not want to hand him over .	They do not want to hand the military leader over .	complex_np:him:military leader	1383
I could not find him anywhere .	I could not find the Chinese leader anywhere .	complex_np:him:Chinese leader	1384
I support him on worker 's comp reform .	I support the female singer on worker 's comp reform .	complex_np:him:female singer	1386
We see him in Tampa .	We see the married mother in Tampa .	complex_np:him:married mother	1387
Ahmad Khan worried that his schoolmates will make fun of him .	Ahmad Khan worried that his schoolmates will make fun of the possible insider .	complex_np:him:possible insider	1388
If he wants the credit , give it to him .	If he wants the credit , give it to the Swedish artist .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	1389
Scarcely a complaint was registered with him .	Scarcely a complaint was registered with the Republican lawmaker .	complex_np:him:Republican lawmaker	1390
This reporter tried prodding him for more detail .	This reporter tried prodding the former officer for more detail .	complex_np:him:former officer	1391
Should I have pulled him out of the game ?	Should I have pulled the widowed mother out of the game ?	complex_np:him:widowed mother	1392
Kellen Clemens replaced him , to some cheers from the crowd .	Kellen Clemens replaced the highest-ranked player , to some cheers from the crowd .	complex_np:him:highest-ranked player	1394
Tonioli responded when asked if his lines were fed to him .	Tonioli responded when asked if his lines were fed to the fourth activist .	complex_np:him:fourth activist	1395
This could be a big breakthrough for him .	This could be a big breakthrough for the ranking member .	complex_np:him:ranking member	1396
Tell her thank you from me .	Tell the Irish writer thank you from me .	complex_np:her:Irish writer	1397
We want to see what exactly happened to her .	We want to see what exactly happened to the corporate manager .	complex_np:her:corporate manager	1398
The actor who changed the rules for every actor who followed him .	The actor who changed the rules for every actor who followed the first player .	complex_np:him:first player	1401
It is possible the Mets will shut him down .	It is possible the Mets will shut the major player down .	complex_np:him:major player	1402
There was no telephone listing for her in Rock Springs .	There was no telephone listing for the national commander in Rock Springs .	complex_np:her:national commander	1404
Typically , I reached out to him .	Typically , I reached out to the former leader .	complex_np:him:former leader	1408
Lili said people just stare at her .	Lili said people just stare at the great player .	complex_np:her:great player	1409
Detective Rodriguez is now assigned to track him down .	Detective Rodriguez is now assigned to track the chief economist down .	complex_np:him:chief economist	1412
If he fails , Li will have virtually no chance of succeeding him .	If he fails , Li will have virtually no chance of succeeding the drunken driver .	complex_np:him:drunken driver	1414
Employers sometimes confiscate a maid 's identity papers to maximize leverage over her .	Employers sometimes confiscate a maid 's identity papers to maximize leverage over the young daughter .	complex_np:her:young daughter	1416
In 1941 he went solo , taking the Bishop name with him .	In 1941 he went solo , taking the Bishop name with the Russian journalist .	complex_np:him:Russian journalist	1417
SkyMiles account for more airplane tickets did not really appeal to her .	SkyMiles account for more airplane tickets did not really appeal to the physical therapist .	complex_np:her:physical therapist	1418
So many of us are so very proud of him .	So many of us are so very proud of the seventh player .	complex_np:him:seventh player	1419
Nothing bothers him .	Nothing bothers the good player .	complex_np:him:good player	1420
And the penance has not come cheaply for her .	And the penance has not come cheaply for the ideal partner .	complex_np:her:ideal partner	1422
I had confidence in her .	I had confidence in the Brazilian artist .	complex_np:her:Brazilian artist	1423
Some want him to play fewer calypsos .	Some want the key Buddhist to play fewer calypsos .	complex_np:him:key Buddhist	1424
" I ain 't no punk , " he tells her .	" I ain 't no punk , " he tells the joint winner .	complex_np:her:joint winner	1425
To this day , I will never understand why mum stayed with him .	To this day , I will never understand why mum stayed with the pro wrestler .	complex_np:him:pro wrestler	1426
Things started off poorly for him this year , too .	Things started off poorly for the mobile consumer this year , too .	complex_np:him:mobile consumer	1427
He says guards in a U.S. convoy shot him .	He says guards in a U.S. convoy shot the two-year customer .	complex_np:him:two-year customer	1428
It will not be a problem for him .	It will not be a problem for the creative officer .	complex_np:him:creative officer	1430
I was ready to kill him .	I was ready to kill the supreme commander .	complex_np:him:supreme commander	1431
They also led him into journalism .	They also led the reputed mobster into journalism .	complex_np:him:reputed mobster	1433
" I 'll take you to her , " Braddy said .	" I 'll take you to the elderly father , " Braddy said .	complex_np:her:elderly father	1434
I fear for her .	I fear for the foreign minister .	complex_np:her:foreign minister	1437
Later he visited her at Bellevue Hospital .	Later he visited the former catcher at Bellevue Hospital .	complex_np:her:former catcher	1438
At least he took it with him .	At least he took it with the significant customer .	complex_np:him:significant customer	1441
Gordon has been giving him driving lessons .	Gordon has been giving the main tourist driving lessons .	complex_np:him:main tourist	1442
But he told reporters even that might not sway him .	But he told reporters even that might not sway the other player .	complex_np:him:other player	1445
He did not really mean to kill her ?	He did not really mean to kill the first-time buyer ?	complex_np:her:first-time buyer	1447
" I would like to dedicate this to him , " Vili said .	" I would like to dedicate this to the strong fighter , " Vili said .	complex_np:him:strong fighter	1450
Some people may end up really regretting the way they are treating her .	Some people may end up really regretting the way they are treating the global supplier .	complex_np:her:global supplier	1451
The literary establishment , with some dissenters , also welcomes him .	The literary establishment , with some dissenters , also welcomes the 23-year-old right-hander .	complex_np:him:23-year-old right-hander	1452
Pichushkin said he was aware of the note but killed her anyway .	Pichushkin said he was aware of the note but killed the political reporter anyway .	complex_np:her:political reporter	1453
His goal has helped him earn an Oscar nomination .	His goal has helped the national commander earn an Oscar nomination .	complex_np:him:national commander	1455
Maybe the Rams should have let him walk .	Maybe the Rams should have let the English writer walk .	complex_np:him:English writer	1456
Call him the grandpa of the gridiron .	Call the first officer the grandpa of the gridiron .	complex_np:him:first officer	1460
It is so fun to watch him succeed .	It is so fun to watch the new designer succeed .	complex_np:him:new designer	1461
More than 180 Iranian MPs have signed a letter praising him .	More than 180 Iranian MPs have signed a letter praising the lone striker .	complex_np:him:lone striker	1462
Perhaps it was a methodical approach to humor that saved him .	Perhaps it was a methodical approach to humor that saved the Italian tourist .	complex_np:him:Italian tourist	1463
I was mad as a black man at him .	I was mad as a black man at the diversified manufacturer .	complex_np:him:diversified manufacturer	1465
His pediatrician ultimately him to see Lane .	His pediatrician ultimately the new lawyer to see Lane .	complex_np:him:new lawyer	1467
The wait-and-see admonition does not apply to him ?	The wait-and-see admonition does not apply to the Conservative leader ?	complex_np:him:Conservative leader	1468
We have got to get him more than six shots in a game .	We have got to get the clear front-runner more than six shots in a game .	complex_np:him:clear front-runner	1472
Behind her , 19-year-old Tatyana Shemyakina won silver .	Behind the musical partner , 19-year-old Tatyana Shemyakina won silver .	complex_np:her:musical partner	1473
But one thing has continued to fascinate him about golf .	But one thing has continued to fascinate the international leader about golf .	complex_np:him:international leader	1474
" I wish him the best , " David Ortiz said .	" I wish the French leader the best , " David Ortiz said .	complex_np:him:French leader	1476
The Americans , instead , indicted him for trafficking .	The Americans , instead , indicted the Celtic player for trafficking .	complex_np:him:Celtic player	1479
Interpol again appealed for public help to track him down .	Interpol again appealed for public help to track the former stripper down .	complex_np:him:former stripper	1480
Tournament chairman Colin Montgomerie finished alongside him after a 70 .	Tournament chairman Colin Montgomerie finished alongside the top lawyer after a 70 .	complex_np:him:top lawyer	1481
It was not him .	It was not the first manager .	complex_np:him:first manager	1482
We give him full marks for giving it a try .	We give the top player full marks for giving it a try .	complex_np:him:top player	1483
A high-level official delegation is expected to accompany him .	A high-level official delegation is expected to accompany the male artist .	complex_np:him:male artist	1484
And I give him a bicycle .	And I give the backup dancer a bicycle .	complex_np:him:backup dancer	1485
Or maybe Teach for America could hire her .	Or maybe Teach for America could hire the German cyclist .	complex_np:her:German cyclist	1487
Self-esteem comes to her .	Self-esteem comes to the longtime producer .	complex_np:her:longtime producer	1488
It does not mean the game 's over for him .	It does not mean the game 's over for the new passenger .	complex_np:him:new passenger	1489
Modern medicine cured her .	Modern medicine cured the backup dancer .	complex_np:her:backup dancer	1490
" I think we will re-sign him , " Steinbrenner told the paper .	" I think we will re-sign the Democratic contender , " Steinbrenner told the paper .	complex_np:him:Democratic contender	1491
" " What is in it for him ?	" " What is in it for the great admirer ?	complex_np:him:great admirer	1492
And if so , who should pay him back ?	And if so , who should pay the Mexican artist back ?	complex_np:him:Mexican artist	1493
Gundy , understandably , stood behind Reid and defended him .	Gundy , understandably , stood behind Reid and defended the lovely daughter .	complex_np:him:lovely daughter	1494
I will miss him .	I will miss the male vocalist .	complex_np:him:male vocalist	1496
I think about him and his mother all the time .	I think about the other player and his mother all the time .	complex_np:him:other player	1497
" I love him very much , " Lester said .	" I love the 19-game winner very much , " Lester said .	complex_np:him:19-game winner	1499
I told him I had not .	I told the nonprofit consumer I had not .	complex_np:him:nonprofit consumer	1500
" I know that made him really mad , " he said .	" I know that made the original owner really mad , " he said .	complex_np:him:original owner	1504
But he has never let the surveillance and the glares stop him .	But he has never let the surveillance and the glares stop the American cyclist .	complex_np:him:American cyclist	1505
13 , when Simpson arrived and shouted that the items belonged to him .	13 , when Simpson arrived and shouted that the items belonged to the new mother .	complex_np:him:new mother	1506
These accomplished players clearly revere him .	These accomplished players clearly revere the former catcher .	complex_np:him:former catcher	1508
They truly are her boys .	They truly are the American player boys .	complex_np:her:American player	1509
There were many like him .	There were many like the militant commander .	complex_np:him:militant commander	1511
The staff here would love to see him again .	The staff here would love to see the French striker again .	complex_np:him:French striker	1512
Protests aside , he actually means being him .	Protests aside , he actually means being the young artist .	complex_np:him:young artist	1515
They will extradite her here .	They will extradite the Colombian artist here .	complex_np:her:Colombian artist	1519
It is going to take him time to get his rhythm back .	It is going to take the important Buddhist time to get his rhythm back .	complex_np:him:important Buddhist	1522
I believe him .	I believe the ranking member .	complex_np:him:ranking member	1523
Oprah dubbed him America 's Mayor .	Oprah dubbed the Serb leader America 's Mayor .	complex_np:him:Serb leader	1524
Tony asks her .	Tony asks the musical partner .	complex_np:her:musical partner	1525
We could pinch hit him .	We could pinch hit the overall winner .	complex_np:him:overall winner	1526
For him , of course , it was .	For the private buyer , of course , it was .	complex_np:him:private buyer	1530
Davydenko said during the exchange , Dercq asked him about his condition .	Davydenko said during the exchange , Dercq asked the full member about his condition .	complex_np:him:full member	1531
We do not want him .	We do not want the strong fighter .	complex_np:him:strong fighter	1532
Paul certainly was looking for him .	Paul certainly was looking for the global developer .	complex_np:him:global developer	1533
Not according to those who know him .	Not according to those who know the 19-game winner .	complex_np:him:19-game winner	1536
And that is not a bad thing for him .	And that is not a bad thing for the chief officer .	complex_np:him:chief officer	1537
I consider him a friend .	I consider the national leader a friend .	complex_np:him:national leader	1538
Where is Ann Coulter when John Edwards needs her ?	Where is Ann Coulter when John Edwards needs the second officer ?	complex_np:her:second officer	1541
Fausto Carmona , Cleveland 's other 19-game winner , will oppose him .	Fausto Carmona , Cleveland 's other 19-game winner , will oppose the Republican strategist .	complex_np:him:Republican strategist	1542
Every measure of our business has grown because of him .	Every measure of our business has grown because of the former dancer .	complex_np:him:former dancer	1543
Instead , it killed him .	Instead , it killed the French teacher .	complex_np:him:French teacher	1545
Has having a family grounded him ?	Has having a family grounded the strict constructionist ?	complex_np:him:strict constructionist	1546
So they could hardly be accused of not supporting him .	So they could hardly be accused of not supporting the young player .	complex_np:him:young player	1547
You cannot see her anymore .	You cannot see the new artist anymore .	complex_np:her:new artist	1548
I love him .	I love the formidable player .	complex_np:him:formidable player	1550
The police took him to Yarmouk Hospital .	The police took the sole bidder to Yarmouk Hospital .	complex_np:him:sole bidder	1551
I admire him a lot , and Gerrard too .	I admire the 77-year-old owner a lot , and Gerrard too .	complex_np:him:77-year-old owner	1553
For him there is no such thing as a lost cause .	For the militant commander there is no such thing as a lost cause .	complex_np:him:militant commander	1558
His audience greeted him with polite applause on Monday .	His audience greeted the poor customer with polite applause on Monday .	complex_np:him:poor customer	1559
She continues to debate him on a wide variety of issues .	She continues to debate the local leader on a wide variety of issues .	complex_np:him:local leader	1562
And how little she knew him .	And how little she knew the defensive player .	complex_np:him:defensive player	1563
No one accuses him of being personally culpable .	No one accuses the French defender of being personally culpable .	complex_np:him:French defender	1564
She lasted 20 chaotic months before a military coup ousted her .	She lasted 20 chaotic months before a military coup ousted the principal owner .	complex_np:her:principal owner	1565
There are just no words good enough to describe him .	There are just no words good enough to describe the married mother .	complex_np:him:married mother	1566
" I had no reason to shoot him , " she told police .	" I had no reason to shoot the former catcher , " she told police .	complex_np:him:former catcher	1567
That puts him fourth behind Gretzky , Gordie Howe and Brett Hull .	That puts the wealthy adventurer fourth behind Gretzky , Gordie Howe and Brett Hull .	complex_np:him:wealthy adventurer	1568
They subsequently signed him for a 14-week tour of Australia .	They subsequently signed the worldwide leader for a 14-week tour of Australia .	complex_np:him:worldwide leader	1570
The team recently signed him to a multi-year contract extension .	The team recently signed the new designer to a multi-year contract extension .	complex_np:him:new designer	1571
She told George that she was letting him go .	She told George that she was letting the 23-year-old right-hander go .	complex_np:him:23-year-old right-hander	1573
When I left her she was dead under the hedge .	When I left the forensic psychologist she was dead under the hedge .	complex_np:her:forensic psychologist	1574
A great jumping star is owned by everyone who sets eyes on him .	A great jumping star is owned by everyone who sets eyes on the international leader .	complex_np:him:international leader	1575
Rescuers had to slice the roof off to get her out .	Rescuers had to slice the roof off to get the Maoist leader out .	complex_np:her:Maoist leader	1578
We have been praying for him .	We have been praying for the presidential adviser .	complex_np:him:presidential adviser	1579
He was always angry with her .	He was always angry with the deputy coroner .	complex_np:her:deputy coroner	1580
That is where police called him over .	That is where police called the former prisoner over .	complex_np:him:former prisoner	1581
She returned in October after Musharraf dropped anti-corruption charges against her .	She returned in October after Musharraf dropped anti-corruption charges against the Scottish singer .	complex_np:her:Scottish singer	1583
Brett Favre had a real , real similar quality about him .	Brett Favre had a real , real similar quality about the global player .	complex_np:him:global player	1584
But his age should help him sometimes there .	But his age should help the athletic trainer sometimes there .	complex_np:him:athletic trainer	1585
And I do not disagree with him .	And I do not disagree with the French minister .	complex_np:him:French minister	1586
Gotbaum backed away after airport workers and police approached her .	Gotbaum backed away after airport workers and police approached the American publisher .	complex_np:her:American publisher	1587
I put her on the air .	I put the powerful leader on the air .	complex_np:her:powerful leader	1590
And I had a great time meeting him .	And I had a great time meeting the unidentified runner .	complex_np:him:unidentified runner	1591
No , it is not him .	No , it is not the longtime owner .	complex_np:him:longtime owner	1592
They 'd show him their Purple Hearts .	They 'd show the former member their Purple Hearts .	complex_np:him:former member	1594
The judge made the right decision in taking them away from her .	The judge made the right decision in taking them away from the expectant mother .	complex_np:her:expectant mother	1596
And that , in turn , my cause him to press .	And that , in turn , my cause the Spanish tourist to press .	complex_np:him:Spanish tourist	1598
That is why we have got him here .	That is why we have got the new leader here .	complex_np:him:new leader	1599
Brown reacted strongly to protect her .	Brown reacted strongly to protect the interim leader .	complex_np:her:interim leader	1600
I was ready to hire her on the spot .	I was ready to hire the undercover officer on the spot .	complex_np:her:undercover officer	1601
I sometimes call him the autism whisperer .	I sometimes call the 30-year-old mother the autism whisperer .	complex_np:him:30-year-old mother	1602
Did you know him ?	Did you know the costume designer ?	complex_np:him:costume designer	1603
Yet his parents never worry that fame will change him .	Yet his parents never worry that fame will change the Spanish rider .	complex_np:him:Spanish rider	1604
What he found surprised even him .	What he found surprised even the dead ringer .	complex_np:him:dead ringer	1605
And people patronise him , which infuriates me .	And people patronise the new leader , which infuriates me .	complex_np:him:new leader	1606
Mr. Fuld responded , according to a person close to him .	Mr. Fuld responded , according to a person close to the hooded robber .	complex_np:him:hooded robber	1607
What did Israel 's raid tell him ?	What did Israel 's raid tell the white hunter ?	complex_np:him:white hunter	1608
Yet she herself was always something of a mystery to him .	Yet she herself was always something of a mystery to the new commander .	complex_np:him:new commander	1609
Just call him The Duke .	Just call the Republican leader The Duke .	complex_np:him:Republican leader	1610
His tirade on the sideline could cost him a fine or a suspension .	His tirade on the sideline could cost the Democratic frontrunner a fine or a suspension .	complex_np:him:Democratic frontrunner	1611
I went with him to the hospital morgue .	I went with the Republican front-runner to the hospital morgue .	complex_np:him:Republican front-runner	1612
It took him months to straighten it out .	It took the longtime member months to straighten it out .	complex_np:him:longtime member	1613
Security guards approached a man after noticing him walking rapidly through the courtyard .	Security guards approached a man after noticing the Chinese partner walking rapidly through the courtyard .	complex_np:him:Chinese partner	1614
I made the mistake of sending her some cash .	I made the mistake of sending the French teacher some cash .	complex_np:her:French teacher	1615
Walid al-Shehri , presented by Sheikh Osama bin Laden , God preserve him .	Walid al-Shehri , presented by Sheikh Osama bin Laden , God preserve the Democratic strategist .	complex_np:him:Democratic strategist	1618
I knew him as a famous scientist in our field .	I knew the industrial designer as a famous scientist in our field .	complex_np:him:industrial designer	1619
It gives him a chance to unwind .	It gives the female boxer a chance to unwind .	complex_np:him:female boxer	1621
" We will continue to pursue him , " General Rifi said .	" We will continue to pursue the 29-year-old rapper , " General Rifi said .	complex_np:him:29-year-old rapper	1623
And your readers think they already know him .	And your readers think they already know the influential member .	complex_np:him:influential member	1624
I have not seen him for a long time .	I have not seen the global manufacturer for a long time .	complex_np:him:global manufacturer	1625
They have led a high-profile international campaign to find her .	They have led a high-profile international campaign to find the General manager .	complex_np:her:General manager	1626
It was always something else , never her .	It was always something else , never the limited partner .	complex_np:her:limited partner	1627
Democrats said Giuliani should drop him as a campaign adviser .	Democrats said Giuliani should drop the international customer as a campaign adviser .	complex_np:him:international customer	1628
Call him the anti-Shockey .	Call the potential employer the anti-Shockey .	complex_np:him:potential employer	1631
A change to Warren 's set-up brought him instant rewards .	A change to Warren 's set-up brought the other customer instant rewards .	complex_np:him:other customer	1632
I grew in the end to love her .	I grew in the end to love the British rocker .	complex_np:her:British rocker	1633
I began searching for photographs of her .	I began searching for photographs of the lead scientist .	complex_np:her:lead scientist	1634
" I learned about him a month ago , " he said .	" I learned about the big seller a month ago , " he said .	complex_np:him:big seller	1636
I owe him so much .	I owe the urban planner so much .	complex_np:him:urban planner	1640
Tell her to stick it .	Tell the political newcomer to stick it .	complex_np:her:political newcomer	1642
He raped the crying boy before strangling him .	He raped the crying boy before strangling the important Buddhist .	complex_np:him:important Buddhist	1643
Mr. Ashmanskas plays him with self-delighted charm .	Mr. Ashmanskas plays the overnight leader with self-delighted charm .	complex_np:him:overnight leader	1644
" Look at her , " said one observer .	" Look at the Democratic strategist , " said one observer .	complex_np:her:Democratic strategist	1645
GOP conservatives have criticized him on both issues .	GOP conservatives have criticized the elite runner on both issues .	complex_np:him:elite runner	1646
Rumble him .	Rumble the maternal grandfather .	complex_np:him:maternal grandfather	1648
That is what ultimately motivated him .	That is what ultimately motivated the online auctioneer .	complex_np:him:online auctioneer	1651
I remember her going very quiet and looking away .	I remember the former butler going very quiet and looking away .	complex_np:her:former butler	1653
A soccer team stopped on a practice pitch to watch him pass .	A soccer team stopped on a practice pitch to watch the former lawmaker pass .	complex_np:him:former lawmaker	1655
But the effort pre-empts her relaxing into anything like spontaneous emotions .	But the effort pre-empts the public defender relaxing into anything like spontaneous emotions .	complex_np:her:public defender	1656
Video footage appeared to show a government soldier firing directly at him .	Video footage appeared to show a government soldier firing directly at the strong partner .	complex_np:him:strong partner	1657
As many Pakistanis mourned , others demanded answers as to who killed her .	As many Pakistanis mourned , others demanded answers as to who killed the evangelical leader .	complex_np:her:evangelical leader	1658
" She is smart and I confide in her , " Thompson said .	" She is smart and I confide in the industrial hygienist , " Thompson said .	complex_np:her:industrial hygienist	1659
Murmuring salutations , the men let her pass .	Murmuring salutations , the men let the French painter pass .	complex_np:her:French painter	1660
They told him Kennedy had been assassinated in Dallas .	They told the veterinary officer Kennedy had been assassinated in Dallas .	complex_np:him:veterinary officer	1661
But what did it feel like to her ?	But what did it feel like to the Dutch brewer ?	complex_np:her:Dutch brewer	1663
And now it has become the thing that defines him .	And now it has become the thing that defines the first minister .	complex_np:him:first minister	1665
Describe him as a serious multitasker and he readily agrees .	Describe the backup dancer as a serious multitasker and he readily agrees .	complex_np:him:backup dancer	1666
But the jury convicted him .	But the jury convicted the forensic scientist .	complex_np:him:forensic scientist	1667
The city 's police and firefighters ' unions have endorsed him .	The city 's police and firefighters ' unions have endorsed the Fast bowler .	complex_np:him:Fast bowler	1668
Time named him Person of the Year .	Time named the vicious killer Person of the Year .	complex_np:him:vicious killer	1669
We need him to be okay and he understands that .	We need the Brazilian artist to be okay and he understands that .	complex_np:him:Brazilian artist	1671
The mother he never knew haunted him .	The mother he never knew haunted the Lead researcher .	complex_np:him:Lead researcher	1672
She said he had made her feel more settled .	She said he had made the Japanese journalist feel more settled .	complex_np:her:Japanese journalist	1673
What is her dream now ?	What is the new artist dream now ?	complex_np:her:new artist	1674
Police had considered him armed and dangerous .	Police had considered the 13-month-old daughter armed and dangerous .	complex_np:him:13-month-old daughter	1675
There is no match for her .	There is no match for the first driver .	complex_np:her:first driver	1676
This is so frustrating for us and him .	This is so frustrating for us and the British singer .	complex_np:him:British singer	1678
The INS released him but began deportation proceedings .	The INS released the fourth member but began deportation proceedings .	complex_np:him:fourth member	1679
" There was no way I could stop her , " she said .	" There was no way I could stop the British singer , " she said .	complex_np:her:British singer	1680
She told him where he might perform .	She told the first minister where he might perform .	complex_np:him:first minister	1681
It helped him to see the world differently .	It helped the late father to see the world differently .	complex_np:him:late father	1682
He flirted almost reflexively with whatever women were near him .	He flirted almost reflexively with whatever women were near the Edinburgh-based brewer .	complex_np:him:Edinburgh-based brewer	1684
Britney Spears ' ex-bodyguard is accusing her of using drugs .	Britney Spears ' ex-bodyguard is accusing the occupational therapist of using drugs .	complex_np:her:occupational therapist	1688
He also credited Sutherland with teaching him how to breathe correctly .	He also credited Sutherland with teaching the Shiite extremist how to breathe correctly .	complex_np:him:Shiite extremist	1689
Opponents are batting .212 against him .	Opponents are batting .212 against the 95-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:95-year-old mother	1691
They saved him from bankruptcy .	They saved the other daughter from bankruptcy .	complex_np:him:other daughter	1692
I keep picturing her up there , martini in hand .	I keep picturing the right fielder up there , martini in hand .	complex_np:her:right fielder	1693
The experience unnerved her .	The experience unnerved the French teacher .	complex_np:her:French teacher	1694
Anita Thompson said Juan will not discuss the document with her .	Anita Thompson said Juan will not discuss the document with the two-year customer .	complex_np:her:two-year customer	1695
We are certainly not going to put him at risk .	We are certainly not going to put the chief engineer at risk .	complex_np:him:chief engineer	1698
" I totally disagree with her , " General Musharraf said .	" I totally disagree with the serial rapist , " General Musharraf said .	complex_np:her:serial rapist	1699
My back was to her .	My back was to the major manufacturer .	complex_np:her:major manufacturer	1701
That move is blamed for several unsuccessful assassination attempts on him .	That move is blamed for several unsuccessful assassination attempts on the Chinese journalist .	complex_np:him:Chinese journalist	1702
Kenya cannot be peaceful under another Kibaki government ; people have rejected him .	Kenya cannot be peaceful under another Kibaki government ; people have rejected the young admirer .	complex_np:him:young admirer	1703
Who will replace her ?	Who will replace the key Buddhist ?	complex_np:her:key Buddhist	1704
We are so proud of him .	We are so proud of the 18-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:18-year-old daughter	1705
Just do not expect him to play a full game anymore .	Just do not expect the highest-paid manager to play a full game anymore .	complex_np:him:highest-paid manager	1707
It hinders him when he tries to crawl , walk or grasping objects .	It hinders the co-executive producer when he tries to crawl , walk or grasping objects .	complex_np:him:co-executive producer	1708
I wish her well for that .	I wish the American artist well for that .	complex_np:her:American artist	1709
But they could not corner him .	But they could not corner the annual shareholder .	complex_np:him:annual shareholder	1710
Everyone knew her .	Everyone knew the real killer .	complex_np:her:real killer	1711
Just ask her .	Just ask the three-time winner .	complex_np:her:three-time winner	1714
" " I am so happy for him .	" " I am so happy for the official photographer .	complex_np:him:official photographer	1716
Mr Saakashvili sacked him last year .	Mr Saakashvili sacked the political player last year .	complex_np:him:political player	1717
Friends of hers have tried to show it to her .	Friends of hers have tried to show it to the central defender .	complex_np:her:central defender	1718
" I do not know her , " Ms. Seck had to explain .	" I do not know the senior adviser , " Ms. Seck had to explain .	complex_np:her:senior adviser	1719
Efforts to reach him through prison officials were unsuccessful Wednesday .	Efforts to reach the strong customer through prison officials were unsuccessful Wednesday .	complex_np:him:strong customer	1722
A Minnesota politician offers to introduce him to the sculptor .	A Minnesota politician offers to introduce the postal worker to the sculptor .	complex_np:him:postal worker	1723
He heard that police had his photo and were hunting him .	He heard that police had his photo and were hunting the general partner .	complex_np:him:general partner	1724
That one was fixed for him .	That one was fixed for the 29-year-old rapper .	complex_np:him:29-year-old rapper	1727
Hollywood loved him .	Hollywood loved the popular driver .	complex_np:him:popular driver	1728
They also said they could not imagine him firing a gun .	They also said they could not imagine the Brazilian defender firing a gun .	complex_np:him:Brazilian defender	1730
And Djokovic allowed him to do so .	And Djokovic allowed the 48-year-old singer to do so .	complex_np:him:48-year-old singer	1731
Southworth showers him , brushes his teeth and washes his hands .	Southworth showers the young soldier , brushes his teeth and washes his hands .	complex_np:him:young soldier	1733
Some in the profession accused him of trivialising the subject .	Some in the profession accused the Israeli soldier of trivialising the subject .	complex_np:him:Israeli soldier	1735
Prosecutors called her after she fought a subpoena from the owners ' attorneys .	Prosecutors called the Edinburgh-based brewer after she fought a subpoena from the owners ' attorneys .	complex_np:her:Edinburgh-based brewer	1737
It seems the expected path post-reality success just was not for him .	It seems the expected path post-reality success just was not for the new driver .	complex_np:him:new driver	1738
Was he going to sponge off her ?	Was he going to sponge off the suspected leader ?	complex_np:her:suspected leader	1739
Mr. Rubin gave him a place to stay .	Mr. Rubin gave the superior customer a place to stay .	complex_np:him:superior customer	1740
But he continued to visit Pumphrey and harass her , Mullen said .	But he continued to visit Pumphrey and harass the overseas player , Mullen said .	complex_np:her:overseas player	1742
Every time I see him , we hug and kiss .	Every time I see the second daughter , we hug and kiss .	complex_np:him:second daughter	1744
He was not around to see the celebration Johnson had promised him .	He was not around to see the celebration Johnson had promised the digital mapmaker .	complex_np:him:digital mapmaker	1745
Tackle him !	Tackle the senior producer !	complex_np:him:senior producer	1746
And just as surely , his arrogance kept him from listening .	And just as surely , his arrogance kept the Turkish leader from listening .	complex_np:him:Turkish leader	1747
One loved him with a deep devotion .	One loved the Palestinian leader with a deep devotion .	complex_np:him:Palestinian leader	1748
" " G. G. called her a name .	" " G. G. called the Lead researcher a name .	complex_np:her:Lead researcher	1750
Diaz initially said the detainee made a move toward him .	Diaz initially said the detainee made a move toward the ineligible player .	complex_np:him:ineligible player	1751
I do not know him as well as I thought .	I do not know the Dutch brewer as well as I thought .	complex_np:him:Dutch brewer	1752
The 26-year-old pitcher has tended to let the big games get to him .	The 26-year-old pitcher has tended to let the big games get to the former tourist .	complex_np:him:former tourist	1753
The Tokyo trip helped persuade him to sign on with Goldman .	The Tokyo trip helped persuade the current leader to sign on with Goldman .	complex_np:him:current leader	1755
Teach her Dutch by podcast .	Teach the big supporter Dutch by podcast .	complex_np:her:big supporter	1756
Weeks of searching the neighborhood and dog pounds had failed to find her .	Weeks of searching the neighborhood and dog pounds had failed to find the residential customer .	complex_np:her:residential customer	1757
May God be with her .	May God be with the foreign leader .	complex_np:her:foreign leader	1758
They watch him stroll purposefully up the pitch behind his forwards .	They watch the German engineer stroll purposefully up the pitch behind his forwards .	complex_np:him:German engineer	1759
But the events of that night still haunt him .	But the events of that night still haunt the romantic partner .	complex_np:him:romantic partner	1761
I can not blame him .	I can not blame the French choreographer .	complex_np:him:French choreographer	1762
Police arrested him quickly afterward in June 2006 .	Police arrested the good writer quickly afterward in June 2006 .	complex_np:him:good writer	1764
He wanted to share details of what happened to him .	He wanted to share details of what happened to the lead lawyer .	complex_np:him:lead lawyer	1765
The man lives in Florida , but he declined to identify him .	The man lives in Florida , but he declined to identify the natural leader .	complex_np:him:natural leader	1766
I just imagined cuddling up with her .	I just imagined cuddling up with the Kurdish leader .	complex_np:her:Kurdish leader	1767
The officer then handcuffed him .	The officer then handcuffed the European economist .	complex_np:him:European economist	1768
His break came when an RCA executive heard him at a wedding .	His break came when an RCA executive heard the Democratic frontrunner at a wedding .	complex_np:him:Democratic frontrunner	1770
I have not seen him .	I have not seen the nine-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:nine-year-old daughter	1771
It works out a lot better for him .	It works out a lot better for the 42-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:42-year-old mother	1773
Scientific luminaries worldwide excoriated him .	Scientific luminaries worldwide excoriated the good driver .	complex_np:him:good driver	1774
She also warned him to be careful .	She also warned the black player to be careful .	complex_np:him:black player	1775
So Lang sent Rhee a message inviting her for a tour .	So Lang sent Rhee a message inviting the English writer for a tour .	complex_np:her:English writer	1779
He insisted that he was not bothered by those who doubted him .	He insisted that he was not bothered by those who doubted the twin brother .	complex_np:him:twin brother	1782
The man who died with him , Joseph Graffagnino , was 33 .	The man who died with the Afghan leader , Joseph Graffagnino , was 33 .	complex_np:him:Afghan leader	1783
How I hate him !	How I hate the late leader !	complex_np:him:late leader	1784
Anderson also covered her in shaving foam .	Anderson also covered the athletic trainer in shaving foam .	complex_np:her:athletic trainer	1786
He has not adjusted as powerful American League hitters have adapted to him .	He has not adjusted as powerful American League hitters have adapted to the female member .	complex_np:him:female member	1789
Cooper called him on the homespun approach .	Cooper called the fellow prisoner on the homespun approach .	complex_np:him:fellow prisoner	1790
He wanted that for her , too .	He wanted that for the alleged killer , too .	complex_np:her:alleged killer	1792
West 's travel often took him far from American Indian culture .	West 's travel often took the Republican activist far from American Indian culture .	complex_np:him:Republican activist	1794
I told him not to dwell on it too much .	I told the Arab leader not to dwell on it too much .	complex_np:him:Arab leader	1796
She survives him , as do their three children and six grandchildren .	She survives the overall winner , as do their three children and six grandchildren .	complex_np:him:overall winner	1797
They have not yet named who will replace him .	They have not yet named who will replace the charismatic leader .	complex_np:him:charismatic leader	1799
" Yes , he would be there for her , " she said .	" Yes , he would be there for the German leader , " she said .	complex_np:her:German leader	1800
I do not think I ever heard him sing badly .	I do not think I ever heard the veteran defender sing badly .	complex_np:him:veteran defender	1801
In July , President Bush awarded him the National Medal of Science .	In July , President Bush awarded the 3-year-old daughter the National Medal of Science .	complex_np:him:3-year-old daughter	1802
I just saw him a second ago .	I just saw the good hitter a second ago .	complex_np:him:good hitter	1803
Don 't thank me , I warned him .	Don 't thank me , I warned the strong believer .	complex_np:him:strong believer	1804
This gives him total freedom .	This gives the insurgent leader total freedom .	complex_np:him:insurgent leader	1808
The other does not joke and admits that opponents usually dislike him .	The other does not joke and admits that opponents usually dislike the former adviser .	complex_np:him:former adviser	1810
But neither the Queen nor the Prince of Wales will sue him .	But neither the Queen nor the Prince of Wales will sue the former employer .	complex_np:him:former employer	1811
The Titans did just fine without him .	The Titans did just fine without the defensive player .	complex_np:him:defensive player	1812
" We encourage her to wait a little while , " he said .	" We encourage the forensic pathologist to wait a little while , " he said .	complex_np:her:forensic pathologist	1815
His early success taught him how fraught stardom can be .	His early success taught the potential buyer how fraught stardom can be .	complex_np:him:potential buyer	1816
The cheers followed him all day in the BMW Championship .	The cheers followed the pet owner all day in the BMW Championship .	complex_np:him:pet owner	1817
" I have never talked to him , " Adams said .	" I have never talked to the occupational therapist , " Adams said .	complex_np:him:occupational therapist	1819
I talked like him .	I talked like the global consumer .	complex_np:him:global consumer	1821
The results proved him right .	The results proved the first player right .	complex_np:him:first player	1823
This , I am convinced , will come back to bite him .	This , I am convinced , will come back to bite the black player .	complex_np:him:black player	1826
But a late pit stop for fuel left him ninth .	But a late pit stop for fuel left the young officer ninth .	complex_np:him:young officer	1827
Then he said that Joe had to autograph something for him .	Then he said that Joe had to autograph something for the noncommissioned officer .	complex_np:him:noncommissioned officer	1828
She approached Ryan and held him .	She approached Ryan and held the financial planner .	complex_np:him:financial planner	1829
I only saw him jog in the second half .	I only saw the Hogwarts headmaster jog in the second half .	complex_np:him:Hogwarts headmaster	1832
Still , acceptance as a modern classical composer has eluded him .	Still , acceptance as a modern classical composer has eluded the Syrian leader .	complex_np:him:Syrian leader	1834
The court believed him .	The court believed the significant player .	complex_np:him:significant player	1835
An officer tackled him about a quarter-mile down a gravel road .	An officer tackled the extra attacker about a quarter-mile down a gravel road .	complex_np:him:extra attacker	1836
Please understand that I like her .	Please understand that I like the evangelical leader .	complex_np:her:evangelical leader	1837
Food , for him , was fuel and familiarity .	Food , for the political leader , was fuel and familiarity .	complex_np:him:political leader	1841
I opened a cold Gatorade for him .	I opened a cold Gatorade for the environmental scientist .	complex_np:him:environmental scientist	1842
The Laker fans still supported him .	The Laker fans still supported the paternal grandfather .	complex_np:him:paternal grandfather	1843
A younger man greeted her exactly that way .	A younger man greeted the top producer exactly that way .	complex_np:her:top producer	1844
I was not ratting him out .	I was not ratting the 49-year-old singer out .	complex_np:him:49-year-old singer	1847
Others accuse him of pandering for attention .	Others accuse the backup dancer of pandering for attention .	complex_np:him:backup dancer	1850
The police used a warrant issued Thursday to place him under arrest .	The police used a warrant issued Thursday to place the male driver under arrest .	complex_np:him:male driver	1851
Rival campaigns whispered that Edwards 's consultants have led him astray .	Rival campaigns whispered that Edwards 's consultants have led the innocent bystander astray .	complex_np:him:innocent bystander	1852
I have not seen him yet .	I have not seen the 5-year-old daughter yet .	complex_np:him:5-year-old daughter	1853
The point was to prosecute him for bribery .	The point was to prosecute the national frontrunner for bribery .	complex_np:him:national frontrunner	1854
Ben asked Devlin why he was taking him , Parks said .	Ben asked Devlin why he was taking the national front-runner , Parks said .	complex_np:him:national front-runner	1855
She held and comforted him as he lay dying .	She held and comforted the French tourist as he lay dying .	complex_np:him:French tourist	1858
Kenyon Martin 's sore right hamstring kept him from playing .	Kenyon Martin 's sore right hamstring kept the great writer from playing .	complex_np:him:great writer	1859
Defense experts said he stood too far away to have shot her .	Defense experts said he stood too far away to have shot the Celtic goalkeeper .	complex_np:her:Celtic goalkeeper	1861
And I am not sure I would have chosen Halston for her .	And I am not sure I would have chosen Halston for the new driver .	complex_np:her:new driver	1864
When he later complained of pain , doctors gave him Motrin .	When he later complained of pain , doctors gave the sixth player Motrin .	complex_np:him:sixth player	1868
Today I called him .	Today I called the correctional officer .	complex_np:him:correctional officer	1869
" I did not see him coming , " Ryan said .	" I did not see the four-year-old daughter coming , " Ryan said .	complex_np:him:four-year-old daughter	1870
We take him out with the pony every day .	We take the structural engineer out with the pony every day .	complex_np:him:structural engineer	1871
How many kids do you think there are like him ?	How many kids do you think there are like the online broker ?	complex_np:him:online broker	1873
But Sholay made him a household name .	But Sholay made the Russian fighter a household name .	complex_np:him:Russian fighter	1874
It was unclear whether he had an attorney to speak for him .	It was unclear whether he had an attorney to speak for the important Buddhist .	complex_np:him:important Buddhist	1875
He had nothing against Sasha ... but who was behind him ?	He had nothing against Sasha ... but who was behind the top seller ?	complex_np:him:top seller	1880
If Tony Romo plays you cannot do that to him .	If Tony Romo plays you cannot do that to the Lead researcher .	complex_np:him:Lead researcher	1882
I am there to help him any way I can .	I am there to help the lyrical terrorist any way I can .	complex_np:him:lyrical terrorist	1883
Protesters dog Mr Gyurcsany , screaming abuse at him .	Protesters dog Mr Gyurcsany , screaming abuse at the surrogate mother .	complex_np:him:surrogate mother	1884
The bus struck and killed her .	The bus struck and killed the good leader .	complex_np:her:good leader	1886
There are those who say the lawns did him in .	There are those who say the lawns did the powerful leader in .	complex_np:him:powerful leader	1887
They all call him Grandpa .	They all call the Democratic contender Grandpa .	complex_np:him:Democratic contender	1888
Hope it helps him get the message across .	Hope it helps the female driver get the message across .	complex_np:him:female driver	1889
Peterson has denied that Morphey helped him move anything .	Peterson has denied that Morphey helped the local volunteer move anything .	complex_np:him:local volunteer	1890
The publication also chose him as the best Double-A managerial prospect in 1999 .	The publication also chose the male officer as the best Double-A managerial prospect in 1999 .	complex_np:him:male officer	1891
He killed her !	He killed the forensic anthropologist !	complex_np:her:forensic anthropologist	1893
For her , it is something else .	For the first violinist , it is something else .	complex_np:her:first violinist	1894
Dela Cruz testified with immunity after prosecutors dropped murder charges against him .	Dela Cruz testified with immunity after prosecutors dropped murder charges against the potential partner .	complex_np:him:potential partner	1895
You would not want to take this away from him .	You would not want to take this away from the 22-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:22-year-old daughter	1896
The carer who sexually abused him was later convicted .	The carer who sexually abused the personal trainer was later convicted .	complex_np:him:personal trainer	1897
She seemed deaf when we called her .	She seemed deaf when we called the French lawyer .	complex_np:her:French lawyer	1898
Her older brother was running around and she was envying him .	Her older brother was running around and she was envying the lyrical terrorist .	complex_np:him:lyrical terrorist	1901
I told him I would do it after the marathon .	I told the new player I would do it after the marathon .	complex_np:him:new player	1902
I am used to that about her now .	I am used to that about the eldest daughter now .	complex_np:her:eldest daughter	1903
I liked him for taking the risk .	I liked the first officer for taking the risk .	complex_np:him:first officer	1905
His team proved him correct .	His team proved the financial manager correct .	complex_np:him:financial manager	1906
Even Amir supports him .	Even Amir supports the defensive midfielder .	complex_np:him:defensive midfielder	1908
I did not know why , but I had to talk to him .	I did not know why , but I had to talk to the first member .	complex_np:him:first member	1911
His marriage ended after Diane accused him of infidelity .	His marriage ended after Diane accused the Japanese automaker of infidelity .	complex_np:him:Japanese automaker	1913
I thanked him and was on my way .	I thanked the hard-line leader and was on my way .	complex_np:him:hard-line leader	1915
I said I liked her .	I said I liked the forensic pathologist .	complex_np:her:forensic pathologist	1916
He is very close to her as well .	He is very close to the Chinese consumer as well .	complex_np:her:Chinese consumer	1917
It is up to him .	It is up to the three-time winner .	complex_np:him:three-time winner	1918
The back operation has definitely helped him .	The back operation has definitely helped the big seller .	complex_np:him:big seller	1919
For this reason , Egleton keeps her more valuable gnomes indoors .	For this reason , Egleton keeps the chief officer more valuable gnomes indoors .	complex_np:her:chief officer	1920
He usually carries the first two around with him .	He usually carries the first two around with the current employer .	complex_np:him:current employer	1921
Still , some Democrats said they want him fired .	Still , some Democrats said they want the 18-year-old daughter fired .	complex_np:him:18-year-old daughter	1922
I used to play him on Madden NFL ' 95 .	I used to play the backup catcher on Madden NFL ' 95 .	complex_np:him:backup catcher	1923
Look at him now .	Look at the special player now .	complex_np:him:special player	1924
And I am almost quoting him for you , General .	And I am almost quoting the Venezuelan leader for you , General .	complex_np:him:Venezuelan leader	1927
Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he would not go listen to him .	Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he would not go listen to the German soldier .	complex_np:him:German soldier	1930
" " I just wish him all the best wherever he goes .	" " I just wish the Nigerian striker all the best wherever he goes .	complex_np:him:Nigerian striker	1931
There are two substantive criticisms of him .	There are two substantive criticisms of the former firefighter .	complex_np:him:former firefighter	1932
We are converting him from a healthy person to a sick patient .	We are converting the armed robber from a healthy person to a sick patient .	complex_np:him:armed robber	1933
Why take him seriously ?	Why take the ailing leader seriously ?	complex_np:him:ailing leader	1936
Near him was a stack of newspapers and manila file folders .	Near the elite runner was a stack of newspapers and manila file folders .	complex_np:him:elite runner	1937
He knows , he accepts that it is up to him .	He knows , he accepts that it is up to the new commander .	complex_np:him:new commander	1939
Ms. Martineau had a handful of homier rentals to show her .	Ms. Martineau had a handful of homier rentals to show the senior economist .	complex_np:her:senior economist	1941
It took three officers to subdue her , the police said .	It took three officers to subdue the prominent leader , the police said .	complex_np:her:prominent leader	1942
For her , antiques date prior to World War II .	For the special adviser , antiques date prior to World War II .	complex_np:her:special adviser	1943
Perhaps the judge mistook her for Brangelina .	Perhaps the judge mistook the international producer for Brangelina .	complex_np:her:international producer	1944
Michele Anderson and McEnroe shot him multiple times .	Michele Anderson and McEnroe shot the prime mover multiple times .	complex_np:him:prime mover	1948
Few other details were known about him .	Few other details were known about the British archaeologist .	complex_np:him:British archaeologist	1950
The Angels are said to be drooling over him .	The Angels are said to be drooling over the independent filmmaker .	complex_np:him:independent filmmaker	1952
That is how long it took him to get out there , too .	That is how long it took the current owner to get out there , too .	complex_np:him:current owner	1955
Then Burberry photographed him for its latest ad campaign .	Then Burberry photographed the Danish brewer for its latest ad campaign .	complex_np:him:Danish brewer	1956
Go and ask him .	Go and ask the Overnight leader .	complex_np:him:Overnight leader	1957
The police advised me not to take him back .	The police advised me not to take the alleged ringleader back .	complex_np:him:alleged ringleader	1958
But we see a spark in him .	But we see a spark in the American journalist .	complex_np:him:American journalist	1959
My boyfriend says it makes him nauseated .	My boyfriend says it makes the new player nauseated .	complex_np:him:new player	1960
Attempts to find a phone listing for him or a representative were unsuccessful .	Attempts to find a phone listing for the new leader or a representative were unsuccessful .	complex_np:him:new leader	1961
I called him very strong , hateful things .	I called the Total consumer very strong , hateful things .	complex_np:him:Total consumer	1963
When Davis arrived , they took him into custody .	When Davis arrived , they took the overseas player into custody .	complex_np:him:overseas player	1964
There was no special privilege about her .	There was no special privilege about the medical practitioner .	complex_np:her:medical practitioner	1965
I wanted him to see that .	I wanted the former member to see that .	complex_np:him:former member	1966
Burns said she is angry no one reached out to him .	Burns said she is angry no one reached out to the global customer .	complex_np:him:global customer	1968
Step her back .	Step the wealthy adventurer back .	complex_np:her:wealthy adventurer	1969
I was about to smack him .	I was about to smack the special player .	complex_np:him:special player	1971
Not only just to learn and talk to him .	Not only just to learn and talk to the 20-game winner .	complex_np:him:20-game winner	1972
The Cubs were 8-11 without him .	The Cubs were 8-11 without the environmental commissioner .	complex_np:him:environmental commissioner	1975
There was him , and there was me .	There was the regular customer , and there was me .	complex_np:him:regular customer	1976
We got him on the boat .	We got the male customer on the boat .	complex_np:him:male customer	1977
We all miss having him here with us .	We all miss having the solo artist here with us .	complex_np:him:solo artist	1978
I miss him all the time .	I miss the next manager all the time .	complex_np:him:next manager	1980
We got the ball to him and executed our play .	We got the ball to the Celtic striker and executed our play .	complex_np:him:Celtic striker	1982
Snarling pit bulls turn into a cuddly puppies within seconds of meeting him !	Snarling pit bulls turn into a cuddly puppies within seconds of meeting the seven-time winner !	complex_np:him:seven-time winner	1983
No way , and besides who is going hire him ?	No way , and besides who is going hire the British archaeologist ?	complex_np:him:British archaeologist	1984
He said the case against him had essentially collapsed .	He said the case against the fourth activist had essentially collapsed .	complex_np:him:fourth activist	1985
Around him stretched groves of olive and orange trees .	Around the crude producer stretched groves of olive and orange trees .	complex_np:him:crude producer	1989
Probably , Mr. Inderfurth told him .	Probably , Mr. Inderfurth told the Japanese consumer .	complex_np:him:Japanese consumer	1991
The S.E.C. said Mr. Jones does not have a lawyer representing him .	The S.E.C. said Mr. Jones does not have a lawyer representing the major customer .	complex_np:him:major customer	1992
One has brought a small and very well-behaved child with her .	One has brought a small and very well-behaved child with the 36-year-old rapper .	complex_np:her:36-year-old rapper	1994
No opera role will get the better of her .	No opera role will get the better of the good player .	complex_np:her:good player	1996
Her children are big , and I leave her alone .	Her children are big , and I leave the Tibetan separatist alone .	complex_np:her:Tibetan separatist	1997
That was the last time I saw her .	That was the last time I saw the close loyalist .	complex_np:her:close loyalist	1998
Ortiz drew two walks Sunday , giving him seven in the series .	Ortiz drew two walks Sunday , giving the relative newcomer seven in the series .	complex_np:him:relative newcomer	1999
I would never think to do this to him .	I would never think to do this to the civil engineer .	complex_np:him:civil engineer	2000
But his friend advised him not to come .	But his friend advised the Public broadcaster not to come .	complex_np:him:Public broadcaster	2001
But readers had not given up on him .	But readers had not given up on the assistant manager .	complex_np:him:assistant manager	2002
That loyalty was repaid when Mr. Weill chose him as his successor .	That loyalty was repaid when Mr. Weill chose the Republican strategist as his successor .	complex_np:him:Republican strategist	2003
Police questioned Borukhova on Sunday night but did not charge her .	Police questioned Borukhova on Sunday night but did not charge the sole provider .	complex_np:her:sole provider	2004
I truly wish him well .	I truly wish the diverse customer well .	complex_np:him:diverse customer	2005
But the odds are against him .	But the odds are against the French leader .	complex_np:him:French leader	2009
Her head jerked down and woke her up .	Her head jerked down and woke the popular tourist up .	complex_np:her:popular tourist	2011
Brown was injured when Bulls center Ben Wallace fell into him .	Brown was injured when Bulls center Ben Wallace fell into the Japanese automaker .	complex_np:him:Japanese automaker	2012
Such a scenario would hugely discredit him abroad .	Such a scenario would hugely discredit the national officer abroad .	complex_np:him:national officer	2013
Minnesota signed him for 2004-05 season .	Minnesota signed the interior minister for 2004-05 season .	complex_np:him:interior minister	2015
The children there adored him .	The children there adored the Colombian leader .	complex_np:him:Colombian leader	2017
It clung to him with an evil power .	It clung to the French tourist with an evil power .	complex_np:him:French tourist	2018
They always thought there was something underlying with him .	They always thought there was something underlying with the little brother .	complex_np:him:little brother	2020
I wish I could have saved him .	I wish I could have saved the former dancer .	complex_np:him:former dancer	2021
His pediatrician ultimately sent him to see Lane .	His pediatrician ultimately sent the prominent member to see Lane .	complex_np:him:prominent member	2026
At this point , according to the interpreter , SFC Diaz shot him .	At this point , according to the interpreter , SFC Diaz shot the British composer .	complex_np:him:British composer	2027
I helped him get cleaned up and dressed each morning .	I helped the dominant player get cleaned up and dressed each morning .	complex_np:him:dominant player	2028
The team gave him a ski vacation to a destination of his choice .	The team gave the Israeli leader a ski vacation to a destination of his choice .	complex_np:him:Israeli leader	2029
Certainly people were curious to see her .	Certainly people were curious to see the top producer .	complex_np:her:top producer	2030
Finally , others poured water on him and called 911 .	Finally , others poured water on the key supplier and called 911 .	complex_np:him:key supplier	2031
And we would hire him again .	And we would hire the video player again .	complex_np:him:video player	2032
Patterson told him to lay off the Japanese angle ; Caniff protested .	Patterson told the global leader to lay off the Japanese angle ; Caniff protested .	complex_np:him:global leader	2034
Worse , she believed that she was nothing without him .	Worse , she believed that she was nothing without the presidential contender .	complex_np:him:presidential contender	2035
He never took drugs that were not prescribed for him , he added .	He never took drugs that were not prescribed for the senior scientist , he added .	complex_np:him:senior scientist	2036
Why do I beat him to death ?	Why do I beat the regional officer to death ?	complex_np:him:regional officer	2037
They then took him back to Puerto Cabezas .	They then took the successful bidder back to Puerto Cabezas .	complex_np:him:successful bidder	2038
The half brother said the mother beat him and the girl .	The half brother said the mother beat the Italian journalist and the girl .	complex_np:him:Italian journalist	2040
He never heard back from her , Geffen said .	He never heard back from the religious leader , Geffen said .	complex_np:her:religious leader	2041
" I tell him , ' Do something that has some lasting value .	" I tell the urban planner , ' Do something that has some lasting value .	complex_np:him:urban planner	2042
Are they trying to reassure her ?	Are they trying to reassure the documentary filmmaker ?	complex_np:her:documentary filmmaker	2043
She wrote thank-you notes to professors who helped her .	She wrote thank-you notes to professors who helped the good lawyer .	complex_np:her:good lawyer	2044
We 'll never stop arguing about him .	We 'll never stop arguing about the Edinburgh-based brewer .	complex_np:him:Edinburgh-based brewer	2045
It also shows him grabbing the fallen officer 's pistol as he fled .	It also shows the anonymous buyer grabbing the fallen officer 's pistol as he fled .	complex_np:him:anonymous buyer	2046
Beside him lay a bag of first-aid equipment .	Beside the charismatic leader lay a bag of first-aid equipment .	complex_np:him:charismatic leader	2047
I have no desire to hurt her .	I have no desire to hurt the young teacher .	complex_np:her:young teacher	2048
The debate format really does not seem to favor him .	The debate format really does not seem to favor the public defender .	complex_np:him:public defender	2050
The two starting jawing and then Hansbrough gave him a slight shove .	The two starting jawing and then Hansbrough gave the Socialist leader a slight shove .	complex_np:him:Socialist leader	2052
Southworth always said Ala 'a picked him , not the other way around .	Southworth always said Ala 'a picked the female driver , not the other way around .	complex_np:him:female driver	2053
Working with him makes things easier and more difficult .	Working with the commercial broadcaster makes things easier and more difficult .	complex_np:him:commercial broadcaster	2055
He complains convincingly that he loves her so much it hurts .	He complains convincingly that he loves the independent journalist so much it hurts .	complex_np:her:independent journalist	2056
It was a story that caused him agony to write .	It was a story that caused the British singer agony to write .	complex_np:him:British singer	2059
Pete was then disappointed when Razor failed to pamper him on his birthday .	Pete was then disappointed when Razor failed to pamper the overall leader on his birthday .	complex_np:him:overall leader	2062
" " I come to raise him today .	" " I come to raise the potential customer today .	complex_np:him:potential customer	2063
Mr. Benson and campus security guards restrained him until the police arrived .	Mr. Benson and campus security guards restrained the clinical psychologist until the police arrived .	complex_np:him:clinical psychologist	2064
I applaud him for that .	I applaud the young mother for that .	complex_np:him:young mother	2065
His fans say he simply evolved ; his detractors call him a flip-flopper .	His fans say he simply evolved ; his detractors call the 19-game winner a flip-flopper .	complex_np:him:19-game winner	2066
I ask him .	I ask the Republican leader .	complex_np:him:Republican leader	2068
That is good news for him , since he suffers from looking 12 .	That is good news for the graphic artist , since he suffers from looking 12 .	complex_np:him:graphic artist	2069
We are all lucky to have known him .	We are all lucky to have known the Danish brewer .	complex_np:him:Danish brewer	2070
Helping to protect him was a truly humbling experience .	Helping to protect the British player was a truly humbling experience .	complex_np:him:British player	2071
Five grandchildren and three great-grandchildren also survive him .	Five grandchildren and three great-grandchildren also survive the French artist .	complex_np:him:French artist	2072
I found him !	I found the new lawyer !	complex_np:him:new lawyer	2073
" " Every day I communicate with him .	" " Every day I communicate with the Libyan leader .	complex_np:him:Libyan leader	2075
Then again , this is nothing new for him .	Then again , this is nothing new for the fourth activist .	complex_np:him:fourth activist	2076
It was unclear if Beckham 's wife Victoria would accompany him .	It was unclear if Beckham 's wife Victoria would accompany the investigative journalist .	complex_np:him:investigative journalist	2078
How many people are looking at him ?	How many people are looking at the central defender ?	complex_np:him:central defender	2081
I am a lot like him .	I am a lot like the front passenger .	complex_np:him:front passenger	2082
I told Martel I would call him back .	I told Martel I would call the main provider back .	complex_np:him:main provider	2083
" " I could not be mad at her .	" " I could not be mad at the young writer .	complex_np:her:young writer	2084
His two-under-par 69 left him seven shots behind Steve Stricker .	His two-under-par 69 left the British driver seven shots behind Steve Stricker .	complex_np:him:British driver	2086
" I would have loved to have had him , " Girardi said .	" I would have loved to have had the diversified manufacturer , " Girardi said .	complex_np:him:diversified manufacturer	2087
Mr Khurana said the schoolboy hit Mr Kerr first and tripped him up .	Mr Khurana said the schoolboy hit Mr Kerr first and tripped the investigative journalist up .	complex_np:him:investigative journalist	2088
The first person I called was him .	The first person I called was the founding father .	complex_np:him:founding father	2089
Peterson testified for her in several cases .	Peterson testified for the global consumer in several cases .	complex_np:her:global consumer	2090
I believed him .	I believed the other consumer .	complex_np:him:other consumer	2091
Agents found Carr during the weekend and arrested him .	Agents found Carr during the weekend and arrested the male customer .	complex_np:him:male customer	2093
As one , they turned and looked at her .	As one , they turned and looked at the executive member .	complex_np:her:executive member	2094
I never had any doubts about him .	I never had any doubts about the overall customer .	complex_np:him:overall customer	2096
We gave him soup to drink .	We gave the global developer soup to drink .	complex_np:him:global developer	2100
I would tell him what I would do .	I would tell the Celtic striker what I would do .	complex_np:him:Celtic striker	2101
I did not know they was gonna let him out that soon .	I did not know they was gonna let the Republican lawmaker out that soon .	complex_np:him:Republican lawmaker	2103
While Ramirez signaled himself safe , umpire Ted Barrett called him out .	While Ramirez signaled himself safe , umpire Ted Barrett called the top officer out .	complex_np:him:top officer	2104
Maybe I was just another person projecting buddydom on him .	Maybe I was just another person projecting buddydom on the rebel leader .	complex_np:him:rebel leader	2107
The main county lockup had no information on him .	The main county lockup had no information on the 15-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:15-year-old daughter	2108
Strangers bow to him in the street .	Strangers bow to the female passenger in the street .	complex_np:him:female passenger	2111
Carol , on the other hand : Carol actually snubbed her .	Carol , on the other hand : Carol actually snubbed the good lawyer .	complex_np:her:good lawyer	2112
He declined to elaborate on the decision to reassign her .	He declined to elaborate on the decision to reassign the Italian designer .	complex_np:her:Italian designer	2113
Many of them kept in touch with him after they graduated .	Many of them kept in touch with the financial planner after they graduated .	complex_np:him:financial planner	2114
Judge Lord Bracadale deferred sentence on Ryan Rees and remanded him in custody .	Judge Lord Bracadale deferred sentence on Ryan Rees and remanded the lead lawyer in custody .	complex_np:him:lead lawyer	2115
Crowe 's performance makes him all the more attractive .	Crowe 's performance makes the first manager all the more attractive .	complex_np:him:first manager	2117
How well do you know him ?	How well do you know the big winner ?	complex_np:him:big winner	2118
I showed her the word " nontoxic " on crayon boxes .	I showed the new player the word " nontoxic " on crayon boxes .	complex_np:her:new player	2119
I like her so much !	I like the forensic anthropologist so much !	complex_np:her:forensic anthropologist	2120
To be that close to her .	To be that close to the female artist .	complex_np:her:female artist	2121
Parton stopped by to see him Friday .	Parton stopped by to see the international producer Friday .	complex_np:him:international producer	2123
But then we have to wait to see her .	But then we have to wait to see the senior strategist .	complex_np:her:senior strategist	2126
When Kennedy is assassinated she confuses him for Jack Lemmon .	When Kennedy is assassinated she confuses the new player for Jack Lemmon .	complex_np:him:new player	2127
This particular alchemy has made him irresistible to Hollywood .	This particular alchemy has made the British soldier irresistible to Hollywood .	complex_np:him:British soldier	2128
Sheriff Arpaio said neighbors saw him within the past three weeks .	Sheriff Arpaio said neighbors saw the offensive player within the past three weeks .	complex_np:him:offensive player	2129
Even his family is against him .	Even his family is against the social worker .	complex_np:him:social worker	2130
But after he brought Chuck back to life everything is different for him .	But after he brought Chuck back to life everything is different for the Colombian leader .	complex_np:him:Colombian leader	2131
Should I tell her ?	Should I tell the political satirist ?	complex_np:her:political satirist	2132
For revenge , she taught him to iron .	For revenge , she taught the global supplier to iron .	complex_np:him:global supplier	2133
Then the roar of his cousin 's Harley hooked him .	Then the roar of his cousin 's Harley hooked the first minister .	complex_np:him:first minister	2137
He does not remember her .	He does not remember the agricultural economist .	complex_np:her:agricultural economist	2138
She would point out that his bony furry back repulsed her .	She would point out that his bony furry back repulsed the 10-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:10-year-old daughter	2140
" I will not be able to breast-feed , " she reminded him .	" I will not be able to breast-feed , " she reminded the reclusive leader .	complex_np:him:reclusive leader	2143
He wants to help him get back on track .	He wants to help the medical officer get back on track .	complex_np:him:medical officer	2144
He had blood on him .	He had blood on the 17-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:17-year-old daughter	2145
We could barely get him out of bed .	We could barely get the Baptist minister out of bed .	complex_np:him:Baptist minister	2147
God punished him by making the Rangers lose .	God punished the Democratic pollster by making the Rangers lose .	complex_np:him:Democratic pollster	2149
He and his mom dodged random gunfire after she rescued him .	He and his mom dodged random gunfire after she rescued the Australian striker .	complex_np:him:Australian striker	2150
I looked at him with sympathy .	I looked at the first-time buyer with sympathy .	complex_np:him:first-time buyer	2151
But it is rape that is extremely personal to her .	But it is rape that is extremely personal to the British composer .	complex_np:her:British composer	2152
A friend reported him missing when he did not return .	A friend reported the former lawmaker missing when he did not return .	complex_np:him:former lawmaker	2154
She would love to work with him again .	She would love to work with the top officer again .	complex_np:him:top officer	2156
Peter was being haunted by visions of him , or something .	Peter was being haunted by visions of the reclusive leader , or something .	complex_np:him:reclusive leader	2157
However , Chile extradited him to Peru in September .	However , Chile extradited the Republican voter to Peru in September .	complex_np:him:Republican voter	2158
The rest of the Red Sox soon joined him there .	The rest of the Red Sox soon joined the first leader there .	complex_np:him:first leader	2159
If he does , it will be a major defeat for him .	If he does , it will be a major defeat for the legal adviser .	complex_np:him:legal adviser	2160
But no one accused him of playing it safe .	But no one accused the global customer of playing it safe .	complex_np:him:global customer	2161
I was nervous ; I had never met him .	I was nervous ; I had never met the past keeper .	complex_np:him:past keeper	2162
Three years I did not see him .	Three years I did not see the former butler .	complex_np:him:former butler	2163
He helps her fill out an application .	He helps the former journalist fill out an application .	complex_np:her:former journalist	2165
And Gareth Barry was the perfect aide for him .	And Gareth Barry was the perfect aide for the American commander .	complex_np:him:American commander	2166
For him , it seemed like a natural fit .	For the important player , it seemed like a natural fit .	complex_np:him:important player	2167
I said it last week we cannot rush him .	I said it last week we cannot rush the Iraqi journalist .	complex_np:him:Iraqi journalist	2168
It was all brand new to him .	It was all brand new to the political officer .	complex_np:him:political officer	2169
In the fall of 1979 , she reluctantly broke up with him .	In the fall of 1979 , she reluctantly broke up with the global supplier .	complex_np:him:global supplier	2170
It just feels like repeating her .	It just feels like repeating the national front-runner .	complex_np:her:national front-runner	2171
It also left him visibly dejected .	It also left the authorized user visibly dejected .	complex_np:him:authorized user	2172
None of my friends , colleagues or acquaintances has ever mentioned him .	None of my friends , colleagues or acquaintances has ever mentioned the senior officer .	complex_np:him:senior officer	2173
Doctors at first did not believe her .	Doctors at first did not believe the German automaker .	complex_np:her:German automaker	2174
" I cannot speak more highly of him , " Gomarsall said .	" I cannot speak more highly of the struggling automaker , " Gomarsall said .	complex_np:him:struggling automaker	2175
Doherty 's drug use has frequently landed him in court .	Doherty 's drug use has frequently landed the top contender in court .	complex_np:him:top contender	2176
I do not know how anybody hits him .	I do not know how anybody hits the French tourist .	complex_np:him:French tourist	2181
But it is hard to take him seriously .	But it is hard to take the Japanese soldier seriously .	complex_np:him:Japanese soldier	2184
Six more shots gave him a 9 .	Six more shots gave the global supplier a 9 .	complex_np:him:global supplier	2185
And who opposes him ?	And who opposes the American taxpayer ?	complex_np:him:American taxpayer	2189
" There is no corruption around him , " he said .	" There is no corruption around the Basque separatist , " he said .	complex_np:him:Basque separatist	2190
.. I am with her .	.. I am with the first-time offender .	complex_np:her:first-time offender	2191
To argue with him was good sport .	To argue with the seven-time winner was good sport .	complex_np:him:seven-time winner	2193
Everybody liked him .	Everybody liked the top officer .	complex_np:him:top officer	2194
Two backup deputies apparently were able to wake him up .	Two backup deputies apparently were able to wake the mobile consumer up .	complex_np:him:mobile consumer	2196
They were totally taken aback by him .	They were totally taken aback by the first customer .	complex_np:him:first customer	2197
The president 's next goof went uncorrected by him anyway .	The president 's next goof went uncorrected by the noncommissioned officer anyway .	complex_np:him:noncommissioned officer	2200
A chunk of wood hit him in the leg .	A chunk of wood hit the Prime minister in the leg .	complex_np:him:Prime minister	2201
I have never treated him like a joke .	I have never treated the second member like a joke .	complex_np:him:second member	2203
His jocular impromptu remarks brought him national recognition .	His jocular impromptu remarks brought the Japanese consumer national recognition .	complex_np:him:Japanese consumer	2204
I asked if anyone had heard of him .	I asked if anyone had heard of the Arab leader .	complex_np:him:Arab leader	2205
No wonder Tracy Jordan married her .	No wonder Tracy Jordan married the senior leader .	complex_np:her:senior leader	2207
Peters 's peers know him now .	Peters 's peers know the Scottish singer now .	complex_np:him:Scottish singer	2208
That should get him off to a good start .	That should get the serial killer off to a good start .	complex_np:him:serial killer	2210
And could you support him ?	And could you support the senior lawyer ?	complex_np:him:senior lawyer	2211
Now , he has a children 's hospital named after him .	Now , he has a children 's hospital named after the 26-year-old singer .	complex_np:him:26-year-old singer	2212
Our goalkeeping coach spoke to him after the game .	Our goalkeeping coach spoke to the other contender after the game .	complex_np:him:other contender	2215
Without him , the Mets had Tom Glavine and a patchwork rotation .	Without the former catcher , the Mets had Tom Glavine and a patchwork rotation .	complex_np:him:former catcher	2218
Ncube accued the Zimbabwean government of orchestrating a smear campaign against him .	Ncube accued the Zimbabwean government of orchestrating a smear campaign against the loving mother .	complex_np:him:loving mother	2219
" You 're a coy guy , " Splaine told him .	" You 're a coy guy , " Splaine told the five-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:five-year-old daughter	2220
Several customers had recognized him by his tremor .	Several customers had recognized the former employer by his tremor .	complex_np:him:former employer	2224
He attacked her after they got into an argument .	He attacked the silver medalist after they got into an argument .	complex_np:her:silver medalist	2225
A hotel employee intervened and pulled Weeks off her , police said .	A hotel employee intervened and pulled Weeks off the old daughter , police said .	complex_np:her:old daughter	2228
She fell on him .	She fell on the former employer .	complex_np:him:former employer	2229
Next up for him is Roger Federer .	Next up for the deputy minister is Roger Federer .	complex_np:him:deputy minister	2230
For Ali Sheesh , I told him .	For Ali Sheesh , I told the online customer .	complex_np:him:online customer	2231
Castro told him he needed to sign his work .	Castro told the prominent activist he needed to sign his work .	complex_np:him:prominent activist	2232
" I do not really believe him , " he said .	" I do not really believe the specific customer , " he said .	complex_np:him:specific customer	2233
I am nodding dementedly and urging him on .	I am nodding dementedly and urging the lead researcher on .	complex_np:him:lead researcher	2234
Olivo said Reyes would not leave him alone .	Olivo said Reyes would not leave the Democratic challenger alone .	complex_np:him:Democratic challenger	2237
Now when I see him I have to hide .	Now when I see the militant commander I have to hide .	complex_np:him:militant commander	2240
Something must have happened to him before .	Something must have happened to the major driver before .	complex_np:him:major driver	2241
She did not report to him .	She did not report to the environmental campaigner .	complex_np:him:environmental campaigner	2243
You shut him down in the first half .	You shut the major supplier down in the first half .	complex_np:him:major supplier	2244
I think people need him .	I think people need the public defender .	complex_np:him:public defender	2245
He leaves no black Republican behind him in either the House or Senate .	He leaves no black Republican behind the financial manager in either the House or Senate .	complex_np:him:financial manager	2246
The grand jury did not indict him on eight counts of animal cruelty .	The grand jury did not indict the 3-year-old daughter on eight counts of animal cruelty .	complex_np:him:3-year-old daughter	2251
I hired two or three investigators to check him out .	I hired two or three investigators to check the alleged shooter out .	complex_np:him:alleged shooter	2252
He grabbed her and mumbled something before riding off .	He grabbed the exclusive provider and mumbled something before riding off .	complex_np:her:exclusive provider	2255
He says it was a setup to silence him .	He says it was a setup to silence the 25-year-old teacher .	complex_np:him:25-year-old teacher	2258
" I 'll get back at him , " Brire said .	" I 'll get back at the Chinese leader , " Brire said .	complex_np:him:Chinese leader	2259
One photo showed him wearing glasses ; in another he was smiling .	One photo showed the good teacher wearing glasses ; in another he was smiling .	complex_np:him:good teacher	2262
Under him , taxes went up 11 percent per capita .	Under the major exporter , taxes went up 11 percent per capita .	complex_np:him:major exporter	2263
I have never seen him on other occasions really gagging for a drink .	I have never seen the Afghan interpreter on other occasions really gagging for a drink .	complex_np:him:Afghan interpreter	2264
The reflection should be on us , not on him .	The reflection should be on us , not on the nonprofit consumer .	complex_np:him:nonprofit consumer	2265
The governor 's own party has offered him no help .	The governor 's own party has offered the serious challenger no help .	complex_np:him:serious challenger	2267
When I reassured her , she began to whistle .	When I reassured the British scientist , she began to whistle .	complex_np:her:British scientist	2268
I had to know what happened to him .	I had to know what happened to the original owner .	complex_np:him:original owner	2269
His friends invariably compare him to a priest .	His friends invariably compare the domestic partner to a priest .	complex_np:him:domestic partner	2270
Police describe him as " a key player " in the suspected theft .	Police describe the former skipper as " a key player " in the suspected theft .	complex_np:him:former skipper	2271
It did him less than justice .	It did the net importer less than justice .	complex_np:him:net importer	2272
The young people of Willmar are very lucky to have her .	The young people of Willmar are very lucky to have the 22-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:22-year-old daughter	2273
" " He could see me and I could hear him .	" " He could see me and I could hear the deputy leader .	complex_np:him:deputy leader	2275
He said jailers had placed him on a suicide watch .	He said jailers had placed the popular driver on a suicide watch .	complex_np:him:popular driver	2276
What has he got in front of him ?	What has he got in front of the other daughter ?	complex_np:him:other daughter	2277
In other words , the devil made him do it .	In other words , the devil made the regular customer do it .	complex_np:him:regular customer	2278
I will have my full support directed at him .	I will have my full support directed at the top performer .	complex_np:him:top performer	2279
The image haunted him .	The image haunted the bad mother .	complex_np:him:bad mother	2280
Spears ' driving has been an ongoing problem for her .	Spears ' driving has been an ongoing problem for the big seller .	complex_np:her:big seller	2281
He enjoyed a massive following , with thousands visiting him .	He enjoyed a massive following , with thousands visiting the valuable player .	complex_np:him:valuable player	2282
Isn 't his dad 's giving him the Adderall unethical ?	Isn 't his dad 's giving the other player the Adderall unethical ?	complex_np:him:other player	2283
But later he cannot remember what advice the doctors gave him .	But later he cannot remember what advice the doctors gave the top tourist .	complex_np:him:top tourist	2284
But most people accept him in an easy-going , tolerant way .	But most people accept the heavy drinker in an easy-going , tolerant way .	complex_np:him:heavy drinker	2285
Questions about Romney 's Mormon faith have dogged him during the primary campaign .	Questions about Romney 's Mormon faith have dogged the militant commander during the primary campaign .	complex_np:him:militant commander	2286
I was staring at him impatiently .	I was staring at the backup dancer impatiently .	complex_np:him:backup dancer	2287
McNair 's crimes brought him a life sentence .	McNair 's crimes brought the pop singer a life sentence .	complex_np:him:pop singer	2288
" We never really knew him , " Tiffany Gilliland agrees .	" We never really knew the rank outsider , " Tiffany Gilliland agrees .	complex_np:him:rank outsider	2289
Give him a chance .	Give the good leader a chance .	complex_np:him:good leader	2290
Our country will never find leaders like him again .	Our country will never find leaders like the former member again .	complex_np:him:former member	2292
Let him go .	Let the black-sheep brother go .	complex_np:him:black-sheep brother	2293
But Chico picked him off first base with one out .	But Chico picked the Danish brewer off first base with one out .	complex_np:him:Danish brewer	2295
We provide him with information .	We provide the veterinary officer with information .	complex_np:him:veterinary officer	2296
The other children played on that and tormented him at school .	The other children played on that and tormented the Republican contender at school .	complex_np:him:Republican contender	2297
Zarabozo had blow gun darts and knives on him when authorities found them .	Zarabozo had blow gun darts and knives on the 49-year-old singer when authorities found them .	complex_np:him:49-year-old singer	2299
They asked her .	They asked the 8-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:8-year-old daughter	2301
Or it can make him feel like a king .	Or it can make the strategic partner feel like a king .	complex_np:him:strategic partner	2302
" " We never asked him any questions .	" " We never asked the executive producer any questions .	complex_np:him:executive producer	2303
It has not disappeared on her .	It has not disappeared on the American journalist .	complex_np:her:American journalist	2305
" " We can never forgive him for what he did .	" " We can never forgive the French tourist for what he did .	complex_np:him:French tourist	2306
I am glad my producers were brave enough to ask him .	I am glad my producers were brave enough to ask the same player .	complex_np:him:same player	2309
A neighbor found and returned him .	A neighbor found and returned the financial manager .	complex_np:him:financial manager	2310
She beat her to death with Stein 's yoga stick .	She beat the British leader to death with Stein 's yoga stick .	complex_np:her:British leader	2313
And I was so moved by that photograph of her .	And I was so moved by that photograph of the veteran spacewalker .	complex_np:her:veteran spacewalker	2315
I could see myself becoming him .	I could see myself becoming the British scientist .	complex_np:him:British scientist	2316
It was his way of protecting her .	It was his way of protecting the Chinese leader .	complex_np:her:Chinese leader	2318
Some would even challenge him on it .	Some would even challenge the 16-year-old sister on it .	complex_np:him:16-year-old sister	2320
Two dashed over and frogmarched him away .	Two dashed over and frogmarched the winning bidder away .	complex_np:him:winning bidder	2321
One shot struck the youth in the head , killing him .	One shot struck the youth in the head , killing the late father .	complex_np:him:late father	2325
Kids flocked to him .	Kids flocked to the popular leader .	complex_np:him:popular leader	2326
But fate had other plans for him .	But fate had other plans for the authoritarian leader .	complex_np:him:authoritarian leader	2328
He fixed her with that stare .	He fixed the future leader with that stare .	complex_np:her:future leader	2330
Look at him !	Look at the major provider !	complex_np:him:major provider	2331
" " I love being in the huddle with him .	" " I love being in the huddle with the worldwide leader .	complex_np:him:worldwide leader	2332
I asked her .	I asked the local farmer .	complex_np:her:local farmer	2333
Hound him about how unromantic he is .	Hound the effective leader about how unromantic he is .	complex_np:him:effective leader	2334
I wrote it for her .	I wrote it for the late founder .	complex_np:her:late founder	2335
For her , nothing eases stress like infusions of cash .	For the Turkish fighter , nothing eases stress like infusions of cash .	complex_np:her:Turkish fighter	2336
The Arizona Board of Executive Clemency paroled him eight years early in 2004 .	The Arizona Board of Executive Clemency paroled the idle chatter eight years early in 2004 .	complex_np:him:idle chatter	2337
Rodriguez is not the first Boras client to proceed without him .	Rodriguez is not the first Boras client to proceed without the Indian leader .	complex_np:him:Indian leader	2338
The key is to get him to relax .	The key is to get the second officer to relax .	complex_np:him:second officer	2339
Will tonight be the night for him ?	Will tonight be the night for the great leader ?	complex_np:him:great leader	2340
Onlookers gathered , and one weeping man identified her as his mother .	Onlookers gathered , and one weeping man identified the Russian journalist as his mother .	complex_np:her:Russian journalist	2343
I told him no .	I told the world-class player no .	complex_np:him:world-class player	2344
It was clearly a prospect that excited her , despite the risks .	It was clearly a prospect that excited the offensive player , despite the risks .	complex_np:her:offensive player	2346
I am helping him out .	I am helping the Edinburgh-based brewer out .	complex_np:him:Edinburgh-based brewer	2347
The next afternoon his captors released him unharmed .	The next afternoon his captors released the effective leader unharmed .	complex_np:him:effective leader	2348
Ebling noticed the cars in front of him were shaking .	Ebling noticed the cars in front of the 29-year-old rapper were shaking .	complex_np:him:29-year-old rapper	2350
Do you admire him ?	Do you admire the interim manager ?	complex_np:him:interim manager	2351
Their very presence there gives him respectability .	Their very presence there gives the main shareholder respectability .	complex_np:him:main shareholder	2352
The ambulance arrived , and emergency workers managed to revive him .	The ambulance arrived , and emergency workers managed to revive the sole bidder .	complex_np:him:sole bidder	2354
He impressed her nonetheless .	He impressed the Republican front-runner nonetheless .	complex_np:her:Republican front-runner	2355
I thought I would better not explain the plot to her .	I thought I would better not explain the plot to the backup dancer .	complex_np:her:backup dancer	2356
What matters is who sent him and why .	What matters is who sent the online customer and why .	complex_np:him:online customer	2357
This time it was short Mr Hughes who approached her .	This time it was short Mr Hughes who approached the lyrical terrorist .	complex_np:her:lyrical terrorist	2358
Burton was excited to have him on board .	Burton was excited to have the natural leader on board .	complex_np:him:natural leader	2360
One insurance guy called her , chortling .	One insurance guy called the top scientist , chortling .	complex_np:her:top scientist	2361
Edwards is quick to credit the students who help him with his work .	Edwards is quick to credit the students who help the Kurdish separatist with his work .	complex_np:him:Kurdish separatist	2364
I am just starting to get to know him .	I am just starting to get to know the single mother .	complex_np:him:single mother	2366
How do I sensitively and tactfully let him know ?	How do I sensitively and tactfully let the main challenger know ?	complex_np:him:main challenger	2367
His mistake was to go and marry her .	His mistake was to go and marry the abstract painter .	complex_np:her:abstract painter	2369
I would hate to see him end up being hurt .	I would hate to see the black player end up being hurt .	complex_np:him:black player	2371
I do not doubt his sincerity , but I do wonder about him .	I do not doubt his sincerity , but I do wonder about the major shareholder .	complex_np:him:major shareholder	2374
Jackson 's attorney , Sara E. Kopecki , tried to calm him down .	Jackson 's attorney , Sara E. Kopecki , tried to calm the lucky loser down .	complex_np:him:lucky loser	2376
But after talking to Lundqvist , Renney decided to stick with him .	But after talking to Lundqvist , Renney decided to stick with the single player .	complex_np:him:single player	2377
I would have knocked him out .	I would have knocked the nonprofit publisher out .	complex_np:him:nonprofit publisher	2378
Not one person openly criticized her , she said .	Not one person openly criticized the top consumer , she said .	complex_np:her:top consumer	2379
Mr. Shatry 's friends milled around him .	Mr. Shatry 's friends milled around the social scientist .	complex_np:him:social scientist	2382
That weighs more on him than the FedEx Cup .	That weighs more on the Democratic member than the FedEx Cup .	complex_np:him:Democratic member	2383
I only thought we would get an hour from him .	I only thought we would get an hour from the online broker .	complex_np:him:online broker	2384
The other woman told Mr. Chambers she was through with him .	The other woman told Mr. Chambers she was through with the third member .	complex_np:him:third member	2385
He has no memory of her .	He has no memory of the top officer .	complex_np:her:top officer	2388
Don 't be jealous of her quite yet .	Don 't be jealous of the first-time offender quite yet .	complex_np:her:first-time offender	2390
All kinds of little complaints to bring Annie back to her .	All kinds of little complaints to bring Annie back to the Maoist leader .	complex_np:her:Maoist leader	2391
Will witnesses against Simpson help him ?	Will witnesses against Simpson help the current leader ?	complex_np:him:current leader	2392
They inspired and placed confidence in him .	They inspired and placed confidence in the adoptive mother .	complex_np:him:adoptive mother	2393
I just lost it with him .	I just lost it with the premier provider .	complex_np:him:premier provider	2394
His siblings are all underemployed , unmarried and restless -- like him .	His siblings are all underemployed , unmarried and restless -- like the international master .	complex_np:him:international master	2395
Polly Esther 's loved it so much it hired him .	Polly Esther 's loved it so much it hired the substitute teacher .	complex_np:him:substitute teacher	2396
Others sought to make money from her .	Others sought to make money from the clear winner .	complex_np:her:clear winner	2397
Three black students wrestled it away from him .	Three black students wrestled it away from the Conservative leader .	complex_np:him:Conservative leader	2398
He also stabbed her with a kitchen knife .	He also stabbed the global provider with a kitchen knife .	complex_np:her:global provider	2399
Immediately , she disappeared , separated from him for ever .	Immediately , she disappeared , separated from the senior writer for ever .	complex_np:him:senior writer	2401
The Cumbria Air Amblance took him to Cumberland Infirmary in Carlisle .	The Cumbria Air Amblance took the former catcher to Cumberland Infirmary in Carlisle .	complex_np:him:former catcher	2402
This is a wonderful way to remember him .	This is a wonderful way to remember the anti-Syrian lawmaker .	complex_np:him:anti-Syrian lawmaker	2403
I want to watch her ' .	I want to watch the important Buddhist ' .	complex_np:her:important Buddhist	2404
My mom would go out looking for him .	My mom would go out looking for the Republican pollster .	complex_np:him:Republican pollster	2405
It is going to be up to him .	It is going to be up to the Brazilian striker .	complex_np:him:Brazilian striker	2406
When I asked her , she responded right away .	When I asked the Japanese carmaker , she responded right away .	complex_np:her:Japanese carmaker	2407
But the woman was not listening to him .	But the woman was not listening to the new player .	complex_np:him:new player	2410
That is going to create a deeper audience for her .	That is going to create a deeper audience for the black leader .	complex_np:her:black leader	2411
A Toyota supervisor asked him to stop , he said .	A Toyota supervisor asked the former cricketer to stop , he said .	complex_np:him:former cricketer	2413
Now I want to take him home .	Now I want to take the former teacher home .	complex_np:him:former teacher	2415
Doctors removed him from life support on Sunday , police said .	Doctors removed the big player from life support on Sunday , police said .	complex_np:him:big player	2416
Wolverhampton will not be the same without him .	Wolverhampton will not be the same without the relative newcomer .	complex_np:him:relative newcomer	2419
" Our company has expectations on him , " Burton said .	" Our company has expectations on the stay-at-home mother , " Burton said .	complex_np:him:stay-at-home mother	2421
I watch him do his magic .	I watch the lifelong hunter do his magic .	complex_np:him:lifelong hunter	2422
Researchers cleared him of accusations that he collaborated with the Securitate .	Researchers cleared the potential buyer of accusations that he collaborated with the Securitate .	complex_np:him:potential buyer	2423
She is family and I have faith in her .	She is family and I have faith in the young artist .	complex_np:her:young artist	2426
Why do not we impeach him ?	Why do not we impeach the winning trainer ?	complex_np:him:winning trainer	2428
My body shots hurt him .	My body shots hurt the Democratic member .	complex_np:him:Democratic member	2429
He survived numerous plots to kill or oust him .	He survived numerous plots to kill or oust the former master .	complex_np:him:former master	2430
Friends say they saw a change in him .	Friends say they saw a change in the top scientist .	complex_np:him:top scientist	2431
The greatest thing about him is his willingness to learn .	The greatest thing about the Tory leader is his willingness to learn .	complex_np:him:Tory leader	2432
Two years later , his mother married John Clemens , who adopted him .	Two years later , his mother married John Clemens , who adopted the two-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:two-year-old daughter	2433
I did not believe her .	I did not believe the environmental activist .	complex_np:her:environmental activist	2434
" I 'll adopt him , " he said .	" I 'll adopt the Republican leader , " he said .	complex_np:him:Republican leader	2435
That is when it hit him : Chop .	That is when it hit the Hamas leader : Chop .	complex_np:him:Hamas leader	2437
However , once she was there , he indecently assaulted her .	However , once she was there , he indecently assaulted the hooded robber .	complex_np:her:hooded robber	2438
The Senate narrowly confirmed him late Thursday , 53-40 .	The Senate narrowly confirmed the amateur photographer late Thursday , 53-40 .	complex_np:him:amateur photographer	2439
An office phone listing for him was busy .	An office phone listing for the dead ringer was busy .	complex_np:him:dead ringer	2440
I hope they look after him .	I hope they look after the alleged shooter .	complex_np:him:alleged shooter	2443
It will give him some time .	It will give the lead researcher some time .	complex_np:him:lead researcher	2445
I have got to give him that .	I have got to give the political scientist that .	complex_np:him:political scientist	2447
But in 2002 , at the Belfry , it was him .	But in 2002 , at the Belfry , it was the would-be bomber .	complex_np:him:would-be bomber	2455
You married both him and Beth .	You married both the global supplier and Beth .	complex_np:him:global supplier	2456
Shona 's boyfriend has left her .	Shona 's boyfriend has left the married mother .	complex_np:her:married mother	2458
He knew that I was there to betray him .	He knew that I was there to betray the top lawyer .	complex_np:him:top lawyer	2459
I had always supported him .	I had always supported the male officer .	complex_np:him:male officer	2460
I did not know him at all well .	I did not know the American singer at all well .	complex_np:him:American singer	2461
But a birdie lifted him to 2-over 73 .	But a birdie lifted the technical adviser to 2-over 73 .	complex_np:him:technical adviser	2462
Other theories include her drink being spiked .	Other theories include the ailing leader drink being spiked .	complex_np:her:ailing leader	2464
Holly was not sure she believed him .	Holly was not sure she believed the senior writer .	complex_np:him:senior writer	2465
But Edwards challenged her for that vote .	But Edwards challenged the Kurdish leader for that vote .	complex_np:her:Kurdish leader	2466
As a result , some said they would vote against him .	As a result , some said they would vote against the political reporter .	complex_np:him:political reporter	2468
Most of the people who rejected him were European Jews themselves .	Most of the people who rejected the spiritual leader were European Jews themselves .	complex_np:him:spiritual leader	2469
I had the utmost admiration for him .	I had the utmost admiration for the core consumer .	complex_np:him:core consumer	2470
" The pressure " had gotten to her , she said .	" The pressure " had gotten to the private employer , she said .	complex_np:her:private employer	2471
But , in the end , fear also undid him .	But , in the end , fear also undid the terrorist leader .	complex_np:him:terrorist leader	2472
I preferred him hyperactive to depressed and scared .	I preferred the key Buddhist hyperactive to depressed and scared .	complex_np:him:key Buddhist	2473
More family members are expected to see him on Saturday .	More family members are expected to see the interior minister on Saturday .	complex_np:him:interior minister	2474
Are her disclosures harmful , or merely annoying ?	Are the previous owner disclosures harmful , or merely annoying ?	complex_np:her:previous owner	2475
Aznar later called to thank Zapatero for defending him , Lopez Garrido said .	Aznar later called to thank Zapatero for defending the Shiite lawmaker , Lopez Garrido said .	complex_np:him:Shiite lawmaker	2476
Have you had a response from him on this ?	Have you had a response from the 5-year-old daughter on this ?	complex_np:him:5-year-old daughter	2479
And Federer knows just what to do with him .	And Federer knows just what to do with the active member .	complex_np:him:active member	2480
But that was not enough to get him going .	But that was not enough to get the conservative blogger going .	complex_np:him:conservative blogger	2482
Belgrade cancels arrangements for him to visit .	Belgrade cancels arrangements for the political journalist to visit .	complex_np:him:political journalist	2483
Evyn also describes the feelings of guilt that plagued her .	Evyn also describes the feelings of guilt that plagued the top-10 player .	complex_np:her:top-10 player	2484
It will take several days to fill the dock and float her .	It will take several days to fill the dock and float the former soldier .	complex_np:her:former soldier	2485
It has never happened to her .	It has never happened to the top automaker .	complex_np:her:top automaker	2486
Now , have I ever sworn or used curse words around her ?	Now , have I ever sworn or used curse words around the exotic dancer ?	complex_np:her:exotic dancer	2487
That is going to pull a lot of votes for him .	That is going to pull a lot of votes for the national broadcaster .	complex_np:him:national broadcaster	2488
The second victim told police Infante molested her repeatedly over several years .	The second victim told police Infante molested the Iranian officer repeatedly over several years .	complex_np:her:Iranian officer	2490
I , however , happily finished it off for him .	I , however , happily finished it off for the independent journalist .	complex_np:him:independent journalist	2491
The president called on him to take it off .	The president called on the Chinese journalist to take it off .	complex_np:him:Chinese journalist	2493
At the very least , this makes him an accessory .	At the very least , this makes the rightful owner an accessory .	complex_np:him:rightful owner	2496
Her dancing has helped her get cast .	Her dancing has helped the Presbyterian minister get cast .	complex_np:her:Presbyterian minister	2497
She accused three unnamed government officials of conspiring to kill her .	She accused three unnamed government officials of conspiring to kill the former minister .	complex_np:her:former minister	2499
But let her go .	But let the top automaker go .	complex_np:her:top automaker	2500
I did not have any relationship with him at all .	I did not have any relationship with the British singer-songwriter at all .	complex_np:him:British singer-songwriter	2503
Now she is trying to unseat him .	Now she is trying to unseat the close loyalist .	complex_np:him:close loyalist	2504
Perhaps it is not too late to advise her .	Perhaps it is not too late to advise the technical officer .	complex_np:her:technical officer	2505
The Vikings need him badly .	The Vikings need the digital consumer badly .	complex_np:him:digital consumer	2509
Italy need to stop him .	Italy need to stop the Maoist leader .	complex_np:him:Maoist leader	2510
That is , if he can catch up to him .	That is , if he can catch up to the Italian striker .	complex_np:him:Italian striker	2511
Jacobs reassured him .	Jacobs reassured the Egyptian leader .	complex_np:him:Egyptian leader	2512
I just want to be out there with him .	I just want to be out there with the top leader .	complex_np:him:top leader	2513
" It is great to have him available , " said Smith .	" It is great to have the operational commander available , " said Smith .	complex_np:him:operational commander	2514
He also declined to say whether federal prosecutors had interviewed him .	He also declined to say whether federal prosecutors had interviewed the top contender .	complex_np:him:top contender	2515
The half-century-old debate did not rivet him .	The half-century-old debate did not rivet the British leader .	complex_np:him:British leader	2517
" We have created him as an enemy , " he said .	" We have created the crude producer as an enemy , " he said .	complex_np:him:crude producer	2518
The Reds got him in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	The Reds got the national frontrunner in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	complex_np:him:national frontrunner	2519
" So I called him , " she said .	" So I called the white supremacist , " she said .	complex_np:him:white supremacist	2520
Who could really blame him ?	Who could really blame the chief officer ?	complex_np:him:chief officer	2521
The desire to escape was in him early .	The desire to escape was in the Iraqi commander early .	complex_np:him:Iraqi commander	2523
She said Hernandez laughed as he attacked her with the stick .	She said Hernandez laughed as he attacked the serial killer with the stick .	complex_np:her:serial killer	2524
In the two months we worked together I enjoyed working with him .	In the two months we worked together I enjoyed working with the deputy commissioner .	complex_np:him:deputy commissioner	2530
And I laid him to the side .	And I laid the Japanese soldier to the side .	complex_np:him:Japanese soldier	2531
Every time I saw him , he had a smile .	Every time I saw the nuclear engineer , he had a smile .	complex_np:him:nuclear engineer	2532
" I would like to diagnose him , " she laughed .	" I would like to diagnose the premier provider , " she laughed .	complex_np:him:premier provider	2533
They then kicked him until he collapsed .	They then kicked the barefoot Buddhist until he collapsed .	complex_np:him:barefoot Buddhist	2534
And his fans did not want him to die .	And his fans did not want the militant leader to die .	complex_np:him:militant leader	2536
They could not calm her down .	They could not calm the new artist down .	complex_np:her:new artist	2537
The defendant has denied ever meeting her .	The defendant has denied ever meeting the autistic hiker .	complex_np:her:autistic hiker	2538
Melky Cabrera walked , Damon doubled him to third , Papelbon relieved .	Melky Cabrera walked , Damon doubled the full member to third , Papelbon relieved .	complex_np:him:full member	2544
I am not going to take that away from him .	I am not going to take that away from the Swiss player .	complex_np:him:Swiss player	2548
The doctor sent him into surgery immediately .	The doctor sent the major driver into surgery immediately .	complex_np:him:major driver	2549
She offered to bring him kneepads from the garden .	She offered to bring the single member kneepads from the garden .	complex_np:him:single member	2550
We 'll be waiting for him Sunday .	We 'll be waiting for the six-year-old daughter Sunday .	complex_np:him:six-year-old daughter	2551
But they love him anyway .	But they love the first offender anyway .	complex_np:him:first offender	2552
Every day , she bashes him full time on the campaign trail .	Every day , she bashes the 25-year-old daughter full time on the campaign trail .	complex_np:him:25-year-old daughter	2554
It feels good to walk to the stadium with him .	It feels good to walk to the stadium with the interim leader .	complex_np:him:interim leader	2555
She also posed for a photo with him .	She also posed for a photo with the Iraqi commander .	complex_np:him:Iraqi commander	2557
" I would never have called him that , " she said .	" I would never have called the foreign minister that , " she said .	complex_np:him:foreign minister	2558
I could not persuade her for the time being .	I could not persuade the Afghan photographer for the time being .	complex_np:her:Afghan photographer	2559
" Good , " I told her .	" Good , " I told the Mexican artist .	complex_np:her:Mexican artist	2563
He also said that Stacy frequently asked him for a divorce .	He also said that Stacy frequently asked the last-minute winner for a divorce .	complex_np:him:last-minute winner	2564
Everyone here knew him .	Everyone here knew the loving mother .	complex_np:him:loving mother	2565
I could not disagree with him more !	I could not disagree with the Afghan leader more !	complex_np:him:Afghan leader	2566
I have a lot of respect for him .	I have a lot of respect for the black teenager .	complex_np:him:black teenager	2567
Her left foot was bandaged .	The 15-year-old daughter left foot was bandaged .	complex_np:her:15-year-old daughter	2569
A new church was built , but no thanks to him .	A new church was built , but no thanks to the documentary filmmaker .	complex_np:him:documentary filmmaker	2570
Warner may genuinely not be shedding many tears after losing her .	Warner may genuinely not be shedding many tears after losing the first-time offender .	complex_np:her:first-time offender	2571
The videotaped chase left him a quadriplegic .	The videotaped chase left the major supplier a quadriplegic .	complex_np:him:major supplier	2573
To ask him for an independent view is crazy .	To ask the successful manager for an independent view is crazy .	complex_np:him:successful manager	2574
Police said the 41-year-old was driving erratically before they stopped him .	Police said the 41-year-old was driving erratically before they stopped the late founder .	complex_np:him:late founder	2575
And who could blame her ?	And who could blame the prolific writer ?	complex_np:her:prolific writer	2576
What will they say about him next ?	What will they say about the 95-year-old mother next ?	complex_np:him:95-year-old mother	2577
What the heck was wrong with her ?	What the heck was wrong with the lunar explorer ?	complex_np:her:lunar explorer	2578
" That is not true , " I told her .	" That is not true , " I told the past keeper .	complex_np:her:past keeper	2579
Some 88 % of Democrats view him favourably .	Some 88 % of Democrats view the molecular biologist favourably .	complex_np:him:molecular biologist	2581
Anderson was black ; white and black guards hit him .	Anderson was black ; white and black guards hit the commercial photographer .	complex_np:him:commercial photographer	2583
Don 't join him in his isolation .	Don 't join the national provider in his isolation .	complex_np:him:national provider	2584
What is really unbelievable is that she never asked about him .	What is really unbelievable is that she never asked about the good mother .	complex_np:him:good mother	2585
Running for office required her to return home .	Running for office required the 6-year-old daughter to return home .	complex_np:her:6-year-old daughter	2586
Richard Horwell , the police 's lawyer , asked him .	Richard Horwell , the police 's lawyer , asked the American artist .	complex_np:him:American artist	2588
He started giving him a thousand .	He started giving the pregnant mother a thousand .	complex_np:him:pregnant mother	2589
Henry Kissinger was speedy for her .	Henry Kissinger was speedy for the great believer .	complex_np:her:great believer	2591
To call him the star witness might be underselling his role .	To call the Republican challenger the star witness might be underselling his role .	complex_np:him:Republican challenger	2592
Phil Jackson credited Holzman for teaching him to coach .	Phil Jackson credited Holzman for teaching the 8-year-old daughter to coach .	complex_np:him:8-year-old daughter	2594
We each did shifts sleeping next to her .	We each did shifts sleeping next to the new consumer .	complex_np:her:new consumer	2595
It is great for him and I am sure he will enjoy it .	It is great for the undisputed leader and I am sure he will enjoy it .	complex_np:him:undisputed leader	2597
But that is not what got him ousted .	But that is not what got the male driver ousted .	complex_np:him:male driver	2599
Another audience member came onstage to trip her .	Another audience member came onstage to trip the early supporter .	complex_np:her:early supporter	2602
I have not heard much about him .	I have not heard much about the digital consumer .	complex_np:him:digital consumer	2604
It took a lot out of him .	It took a lot out of the longtime adviser .	complex_np:him:longtime adviser	2605
But the president has always turned to him when the going gets tough .	But the president has always turned to the Syrian leader when the going gets tough .	complex_np:him:Syrian leader	2606
Watching him brings to mind a duck wielding a light saber .	Watching the Overnight leader brings to mind a duck wielding a light saber .	complex_np:him:Overnight leader	2608
Spenser knocked him down .	Spenser knocked the temporary driver down .	complex_np:him:temporary driver	2609
Someone was trying to violate her .	Someone was trying to violate the troubled singer .	complex_np:her:troubled singer	2611
Several ministers are said to owe their promotion to her .	Several ministers are said to owe their promotion to the Greek sprinter .	complex_np:her:Greek sprinter	2612
Chevas denied Petrovic 's claims and said she attacked him .	Chevas denied Petrovic 's claims and said she attacked the commercial photographer .	complex_np:him:commercial photographer	2613
Dr. Linden refused to let her go .	Dr. Linden refused to let the major employer go .	complex_np:her:major employer	2614
Who is advising her ?	Who is advising the principal scientist ?	complex_np:her:principal scientist	2615
But Redford directed him .	But Redford directed the fourth activist .	complex_np:him:fourth activist	2617
You can rely on him .	You can rely on the top adviser .	complex_np:him:top adviser	2621
I do not want that for him , not at all .	I do not want that for the former teacher , not at all .	complex_np:him:former teacher	2622
I am right there with him .	I am right there with the surrogate mother .	complex_np:him:surrogate mother	2624
But I did not love him .	But I did not love the male teacher .	complex_np:him:male teacher	2625
No one should try to rescue him .	No one should try to rescue the former butler .	complex_np:him:former butler	2626
It is a shame not enough people outside of Dallas heard him .	It is a shame not enough people outside of Dallas heard the first-time winner .	complex_np:him:first-time winner	2627
Clearly , whatever Mr. Craig 's intentions , the police entrapped him .	Clearly , whatever Mr. Craig 's intentions , the police entrapped the drunken driver .	complex_np:him:drunken driver	2628
What is happened to him ?	What is happened to the elderly mother ?	complex_np:him:elderly mother	2630
I want to thank him - he is been very brave .	I want to thank the American-born player - he is been very brave .	complex_np:him:American-born player	2633
I am not a threat to her .	I am not a threat to the next leader .	complex_np:her:next leader	2634
Ms. Bicaj overruled her .	Ms. Bicaj overruled the senior adviser .	complex_np:her:senior adviser	2635
The Kings ' Jason Labarbera let five of 27 shots get passed him .	The Kings ' Jason Labarbera let five of 27 shots get passed the cultural anthropologist .	complex_np:him:cultural anthropologist	2636
We are thrilled to be joining forces with him .	We are thrilled to be joining forces with the forensic scientist .	complex_np:him:forensic scientist	2637
For her , the suburbs were the Promised Land .	For the former player , the suburbs were the Promised Land .	complex_np:her:former player	2639
She predeceased him and he is survived by their two sons .	She predeceased the Lead singer and he is survived by their two sons .	complex_np:him:Lead singer	2640
He is bubbly , it has not really affected him at all .	He is bubbly , it has not really affected the French leader at all .	complex_np:him:French leader	2642
Art experts would agree with her .	Art experts would agree with the young teacher .	complex_np:her:young teacher	2643
She and their son and two daughters survive him .	She and their son and two daughters survive the sole provider .	complex_np:him:sole provider	2644
The statistical evidence bears him out .	The statistical evidence bears the potential partner out .	complex_np:him:potential partner	2645
You would not guess he was an actor if you met him .	You would not guess he was an actor if you met the Greek sprinter .	complex_np:him:Greek sprinter	2646
We first catch him between takes .	We first catch the strong consumer between takes .	complex_np:him:strong consumer	2647
Calling him by his actual name seems inappropriate .	Calling the forensic scientist by his actual name seems inappropriate .	complex_np:him:forensic scientist	2648
The time for him to be set free is long overdue .	The time for the former lawmaker to be set free is long overdue .	complex_np:him:former lawmaker	2651
You could call him the Pied Piper of non-believers .	You could call the first driver the Pied Piper of non-believers .	complex_np:him:first driver	2652
No one gathered around him disagreed .	No one gathered around the proud father disagreed .	complex_np:him:proud father	2653
Ignore him .	Ignore the British player .	complex_np:him:British player	2657
And you won him over .	And you won the prospective buyer over .	complex_np:him:prospective buyer	2658
I knew this guy through the letters and fell in love with him .	I knew this guy through the letters and fell in love with the popular member .	complex_np:him:popular member	2659
Columnists have taken him to task .	Columnists have taken the special player to task .	complex_np:him:special player	2660
The noose shook him .	The noose shook the graphic artist .	complex_np:him:graphic artist	2661
Could better customer service lure him back to cable ?	Could better customer service lure the Japanese carmaker back to cable ?	complex_np:him:Japanese carmaker	2663
" " I basically gave up on her .	" " I basically gave up on the online provider .	complex_np:her:online provider	2668
" We are trying to simplify him , " Johnson said .	" We are trying to simplify the Brazilian midfielder , " Johnson said .	complex_np:him:Brazilian midfielder	2669
I would ignore him .	I would ignore the Turkish soldier .	complex_np:him:Turkish soldier	2670
His flair for the dramatic makes him unique .	His flair for the dramatic makes the commercial broadcaster unique .	complex_np:him:commercial broadcaster	2672
I was not expecting him to throw over .	I was not expecting the private developer to throw over .	complex_np:him:private developer	2673
" I know just how you feel , " she tells him .	" I know just how you feel , " she tells the medical examiner .	complex_np:him:medical examiner	2674
Former colleagues stopped speaking to her .	Former colleagues stopped speaking to the spiritual adviser .	complex_np:her:spiritual adviser	2675
" We need something for sports , " he tells her .	" We need something for sports , " he tells the equal partner .	complex_np:her:equal partner	2676
Time was running out on him .	Time was running out on the early leader .	complex_np:him:early leader	2677
Gotbaum 's family have accused police of mistreating her .	Gotbaum 's family have accused police of mistreating the German engineer .	complex_np:her:German engineer	2678
What happened to him had been a mystery ever since .	What happened to the deputy commander had been a mystery ever since .	complex_np:him:deputy commander	2679
Washington has refused to hand him over for trial .	Washington has refused to hand the British explorer over for trial .	complex_np:him:British explorer	2680
Kevin Millar went 0-for-4 against Meche and is 1-for-21 lifetime against him .	Kevin Millar went 0-for-4 against Meche and is 1-for-21 lifetime against the political leader .	complex_np:him:political leader	2682
The shark then took off and swam away from her .	The shark then took off and swam away from the hit-and-run driver .	complex_np:her:hit-and-run driver	2683
Chair umpire Damian Steiner told her to put it away .	Chair umpire Damian Steiner told the average consumer to put it away .	complex_np:her:average consumer	2684
Two days later , Betty Riofrio agreed to marry him .	Two days later , Betty Riofrio agreed to marry the veteran spacewalker .	complex_np:him:veteran spacewalker	2685
It is easy to see what George sees in her !	It is easy to see what George sees in the global manufacturer !	complex_np:her:global manufacturer	2688
We are sticking with him .	We are sticking with the new consumer .	complex_np:him:new consumer	2689
They were great , they grabbed him and clung on .	They were great , they grabbed the postal worker and clung on .	complex_np:him:postal worker	2690
" I got him believing , " he said .	" I got the former lover believing , " he said .	complex_np:him:former lover	2691
His girlfriend , allegedly an accomplice in identity theft , was with him .	His girlfriend , allegedly an accomplice in identity theft , was with the great manager .	complex_np:him:great manager	2695
But Diaz liked her .	But Diaz liked the world-class player .	complex_np:her:world-class player	2696
The officer told him a man had escaped from prison .	The officer told the Shiite extremist a man had escaped from prison .	complex_np:him:Shiite extremist	2697
Cranky and terse - and who can blame him ?	Cranky and terse - and who can blame the good player ?	complex_np:him:good player	2698
Or should you say anything to him ?	Or should you say anything to the naval commander ?	complex_np:him:naval commander	2700
In some corners , that makes him the favorite .	In some corners , that makes the hooded robber the favorite .	complex_np:him:hooded robber	2702
No one can overcome her .	No one can overcome the missing toddler .	complex_np:her:missing toddler	2703
He said he thought the experience would help him on Sunday .	He said he thought the experience would help the undecided voter on Sunday .	complex_np:him:undecided voter	2704
And I never saw him again .	And I never saw the current leader again .	complex_np:him:current leader	2706
I am behind him 100 percent .	I am behind the senior minister 100 percent .	complex_np:him:senior minister	2709
Mr. Tajbakhsh declined to discuss the charges against him .	Mr. Tajbakhsh declined to discuss the charges against the 17-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:17-year-old daughter	2710
Q : Do you like playing her ?	Q : Do you like playing the political adviser ?	complex_np:her:political adviser	2711
I do not really blame him for it .	I do not really blame the Shiite extremist for it .	complex_np:him:Shiite extremist	2712
Her name is Olive , please mention her .	Her name is Olive , please mention the international provider .	complex_np:her:international provider	2713
He smiled at her , stirred again .	He smiled at the German tourist , stirred again .	complex_np:her:German tourist	2714
" I am really excited about him seeing it , " Haynes said .	" I am really excited about the British explorer seeing it , " Haynes said .	complex_np:him:British explorer	2715
A daughter also predeceased him .	A daughter also predeceased the key adviser .	complex_np:him:key adviser	2716
He will go to Philadelphia to fight him .	He will go to Philadelphia to fight the first player .	complex_np:him:first player	2717
Then a fellow performer gave him some advice .	Then a fellow performer gave the environmental activist some advice .	complex_np:him:environmental activist	2718
It has given him confidence .	It has given the American officer confidence .	complex_np:him:American officer	2719
As the bus approached , I saw it was him .	As the bus approached , I saw it was the autistic hiker .	complex_np:him:autistic hiker	2720
They handcuffed him on his back .	They handcuffed the lead scientist on his back .	complex_np:him:lead scientist	2721
Only incoming shells woke him .	Only incoming shells woke the 2-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:2-year-old daughter	2723
Above him , he heard windows begin to explode .	Above the key customer , he heard windows begin to explode .	complex_np:him:key customer	2724
The perfect place for him is Wrigley Field .	The perfect place for the French minister is Wrigley Field .	complex_np:him:French minister	2726
I care a lot about him .	I care a lot about the female officer .	complex_np:him:female officer	2727
None of them live with her .	None of them live with the civil engineer .	complex_np:her:civil engineer	2728
I would be terrified of hurting him .	I would be terrified of hurting the central defender .	complex_np:him:central defender	2729
It was Oden 's second health problem since the Trail Blazers drafted him .	It was Oden 's second health problem since the Trail Blazers drafted the senior economist .	complex_np:him:senior economist	2730
Don 't feel sorry for him .	Don 't feel sorry for the major driver .	complex_np:him:major driver	2731
It is the media convicting him before his day in court .	It is the media convicting the highest-paid player before his day in court .	complex_np:him:highest-paid player	2732
" " I am going to take care of her .	" " I am going to take care of the global provider .	complex_np:her:global provider	2733
What is stopping her from committing ?	What is stopping the top consumer from committing ?	complex_np:her:top consumer	2735
Byrnes dived head first but the throw beat him .	Byrnes dived head first but the throw beat the new lawyer .	complex_np:him:new lawyer	2736
He signaled for me to come with him .	He signaled for me to come with the German officer .	complex_np:him:German officer	2737
Now the Yankees should opt out on him .	Now the Yankees should opt out on the industrial worker .	complex_np:him:industrial worker	2738
He absolutely adored her .	He absolutely adored the Presbyterian minister .	complex_np:her:Presbyterian minister	2740
James had his demons following him around all night long .	James had his demons following the juvenile offender around all night long .	complex_np:him:juvenile offender	2742
The authorities raided the imam 's house and took him away .	The authorities raided the imam 's house and took the 95-year-old mother away .	complex_np:him:95-year-old mother	2745
I would not underestimate him .	I would not underestimate the French writer .	complex_np:him:French writer	2746
But talk smack to him ?	But talk smack to the 15-year-old daughter ?	complex_np:him:15-year-old daughter	2751
I trust him and I do not trust anyone else .	I trust the proven leader and I do not trust anyone else .	complex_np:him:proven leader	2754
We will miss him greatly .	We will miss the French artist greatly .	complex_np:him:French artist	2755
That means hold him to 80 yards or less .	That means hold the young singer to 80 yards or less .	complex_np:him:young singer	2756
Can you lend him all the money ?	Can you lend the current owner all the money ?	complex_np:him:current owner	2758
He feels I owe him half .	He feels I owe the staunch supporter half .	complex_np:him:staunch supporter	2761
She poked him again .	She poked the supreme leader again .	complex_np:him:supreme leader	2762
They regarded him with surprise and suspicion .	They regarded the American-born player with surprise and suspicion .	complex_np:him:American-born player	2763
Should you pay her ?	Should you pay the armed robber ?	complex_np:her:armed robber	2764
" I have him for three hours , " Taylor said .	" I have the major producer for three hours , " Taylor said .	complex_np:him:major producer	2766
It also gave him $ 500 for future prize money .	It also gave the next hitter $ 500 for future prize money .	complex_np:him:next hitter	2767
Anybody who replaces her has got to be better .	Anybody who replaces the British soldier has got to be better .	complex_np:her:British soldier	2768
A pep talk from mom cheered him up .	A pep talk from mom cheered the liberal activist up .	complex_np:him:liberal activist	2769
It has turned her into a forgiving daughter and amateur detective .	It has turned the top leader into a forgiving daughter and amateur detective .	complex_np:her:top leader	2770
Police said he was struck by a lorry as it overtook him .	Police said he was struck by a lorry as it overtook the financial manager .	complex_np:him:financial manager	2771
Most neighbours had little to say about him .	Most neighbours had little to say about the Democratic frontrunner .	complex_np:him:Democratic frontrunner	2773
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Get your old man off of him .	UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Get your old man off of the serious player .	complex_np:him:serious player	2774
Mr. DeSena was an avid poker player , those who knew him said .	Mr. DeSena was an avid poker player , those who knew the female singer said .	complex_np:him:female singer	2775
Expect to see a lot less of him , too .	Expect to see a lot less of the surrogate mother , too .	complex_np:him:surrogate mother	2777
" We are ecstatic to have him , " Torrealba said .	" We are ecstatic to have the valid driver , " Torrealba said .	complex_np:him:valid driver	2778
And this time , Daniel Chopra feels like it might be him .	And this time , Daniel Chopra feels like it might be the young driver .	complex_np:him:young driver	2781
One minister offered him vocal training .	One minister offered the environmental scientist vocal training .	complex_np:him:environmental scientist	2782
Right now is the closest I have ever felt to her .	Right now is the closest I have ever felt to the longtime leader .	complex_np:her:longtime leader	2783
It was unclear what killed him or whether he was armed .	It was unclear what killed the defensive midfielder or whether he was armed .	complex_np:him:defensive midfielder	2785
I love hearing her discuss how she found out .	I love hearing the weak consumer discuss how she found out .	complex_np:her:weak consumer	2787
He continued playing into his nineties until failing health prevented him .	He continued playing into his nineties until failing health prevented the vicious killer .	complex_np:him:vicious killer	2789
You were wise to let him follow his own path .	You were wise to let the clinical psychologist follow his own path .	complex_np:him:clinical psychologist	2790
Everybody wishes him the best .	Everybody wishes the Tibetan separatist the best .	complex_np:him:Tibetan separatist	2791
It is a bit of company for him .	It is a bit of company for the first-round leader .	complex_np:him:first-round leader	2793
That left him 13 yards short .	That left the naval officer 13 yards short .	complex_np:him:naval officer	2795
I literally gave her the phone to call the police .	I literally gave the strict constructionist the phone to call the police .	complex_np:her:strict constructionist	2796
And now , without her , we have to regroup .	And now , without the major driver , we have to regroup .	complex_np:her:major driver	2797
Burress handed him the ball .	Burress handed the military officer the ball .	complex_np:him:military officer	2799
Someone had kept it til last knowing it would wind him up .	Someone had kept it til last knowing it would wind the military lawyer up .	complex_np:him:military lawyer	2800
Without him , Philly is 8-7 in that span .	Without the elderly father , Philly is 8-7 in that span .	complex_np:him:elderly father	2801
Do they have a nickname for him ?	Do they have a nickname for the American soldier ?	complex_np:him:American soldier	2802
Christofore recalls two incidents in which Pearlman exposed himself in front of him .	Christofore recalls two incidents in which Pearlman exposed himself in front of the male artist .	complex_np:him:male artist	2803
I wish him nothing but the best in his recovery .	I wish the silver medalist nothing but the best in his recovery .	complex_np:him:silver medalist	2804
" You have to give it back , " I told him .	" You have to give it back , " I told the amateur photographer .	complex_np:him:amateur photographer	2805
He then stabbed her repeatedly .	He then stabbed the highest-ranked player repeatedly .	complex_np:her:highest-ranked player	2808
" I am still searching for him , " Mr. Khan said .	" I am still searching for the Palestinian leader , " Mr. Khan said .	complex_np:him:Palestinian leader	2812
In October , she left him .	In October , she left the tribal leader .	complex_np:him:tribal leader	2815
She says he still needs a lot more basic skills drilled into him .	She says he still needs a lot more basic skills drilled into the ailing leader .	complex_np:him:ailing leader	2816
But that did not stop the Giants from seeking him out .	But that did not stop the Giants from seeking the chief lobbyist out .	complex_np:him:chief lobbyist	2817
They also accuse him of using authoritarian tactics to stifle dissent .	They also accuse the second daughter of using authoritarian tactics to stifle dissent .	complex_np:him:second daughter	2818
So I sat next to him and ate .	So I sat next to the 9-year-old daughter and ate .	complex_np:him:9-year-old daughter	2819
Snow 's quick-from-the-lip answers sometimes got him in trouble .	Snow 's quick-from-the-lip answers sometimes got the classical artist in trouble .	complex_np:him:classical artist	2821
She refused to serve him .	She refused to serve the corporate officer .	complex_np:him:corporate officer	2822
There is no book without him .	There is no book without the barefoot Buddhist .	complex_np:him:barefoot Buddhist	2823
He is confident other teams would call him .	He is confident other teams would call the polygamous-sect leader .	complex_np:him:polygamous-sect leader	2825
Other silverbacks may attack him .	Other silverbacks may attack the public defender .	complex_np:him:public defender	2826
It irks her that films often presume there is one .	It irks the first minister that films often presume there is one .	complex_np:her:first minister	2827
Paula 's husband , Mike , lies asleep beside her .	Paula 's husband , Mike , lies asleep beside the rebel leader .	complex_np:her:rebel leader	2828
We 'll let her tell us .	We 'll let the former manager tell us .	complex_np:her:former manager	2829
Unless I bet on him of course .	Unless I bet on the Iranian officer of course .	complex_np:him:Iranian officer	2831
Nilar took the child with her at first .	Nilar took the child with the documentary filmmaker at first .	complex_np:her:documentary filmmaker	2833
Everyone will miss him .	Everyone will miss the 6-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:6-year-old daughter	2838
His commitment put him at the top of his sport .	His commitment put the political activist at the top of his sport .	complex_np:him:political activist	2840
I would be happy to finish second to him .	I would be happy to finish second to the would-be bomber .	complex_np:him:would-be bomber	2842
Beneath him spikes replace a safety net .	Beneath the avid reader spikes replace a safety net .	complex_np:him:avid reader	2843
KARZAI : I met with her this morning .	KARZAI : I met with the economic adviser this morning .	complex_np:her:economic adviser	2844
Let 's hope we can make them special for him .	Let 's hope we can make them special for the male customer .	complex_np:him:male customer	2845
His mother had taken to feeding him through a straw .	His mother had taken to feeding the affected subscriber through a straw .	complex_np:him:affected subscriber	2849
I saw him and knew that he was the one .	I saw the academic officer and knew that he was the one .	complex_np:him:academic officer	2851
I will be doing everything to keep him at Birmingham .	I will be doing everything to keep the key player at Birmingham .	complex_np:him:key player	2852
You will never see him miked on the sideline .	You will never see the active player miked on the sideline .	complex_np:him:active player	2854
England 2007 would have dragged him in .	England 2007 would have dragged the effective leader in .	complex_np:him:effective leader	2855
Brett Favre may play quarterback until his son takes over for him .	Brett Favre may play quarterback until his son takes over for the poor customer .	complex_np:him:poor customer	2856
Musharraf 's previous confrontation with the court ended badly for him .	Musharraf 's previous confrontation with the court ended badly for the German carmaker .	complex_np:him:German carmaker	2857
T.O. is T.O. and that means it is all about him .	T.O. is T.O. and that means it is all about the molecular biologist .	complex_np:him:molecular biologist	2862
Nowak allegedly stalked Shipman at the Orlando airport , then attacked her .	Nowak allegedly stalked Shipman at the Orlando airport , then attacked the senior economist .	complex_np:her:senior economist	2864
I treasured him and everybody knew it except Ike .	I treasured the French striker and everybody knew it except Ike .	complex_np:him:French striker	2865
We love him a lot .	We love the potential bidder a lot .	complex_np:him:potential bidder	2866
The other dogs took it off her .	The other dogs took it off the local partner .	complex_np:her:local partner	2867
They called her a terrorist .	They called the senior partner a terrorist .	complex_np:her:senior partner	2868
But really , I hardly ever saw him .	But really , I hardly ever saw the biological mother .	complex_np:him:biological mother	2870
It took him some online sleuthing to find one at a local GameStop .	It took the Danish brewer some online sleuthing to find one at a local GameStop .	complex_np:him:Danish brewer	2871
He is just seen him .	He is just seen the top commander .	complex_np:him:top commander	2872
Felton tripped over him and landed awkwardly on his left leg .	Felton tripped over the new customer and landed awkwardly on his left leg .	complex_np:him:new customer	2873
VICTORIA 'S worried that Geri is thinner than her .	VICTORIA 'S worried that Geri is thinner than the legal adviser .	complex_np:her:legal adviser	2874
His opponents suspect they have found him out .	His opponents suspect they have found the specific customer out .	complex_np:him:specific customer	2876
Do you have a place for him at your table ?	Do you have a place for the militant Islamist at your table ?	complex_np:him:militant Islamist	2877
The principal stood beside him , silent .	The principal stood beside the front passenger , silent .	complex_np:him:front passenger	2878
It accuses him of failing to pay $ 202,384.04 in legal fees .	It accuses the online provider of failing to pay $ 202,384.04 in legal fees .	complex_np:him:online provider	2879
I asked him if he knew anything about the route diamonds might take .	I asked the Democratic contender if he knew anything about the route diamonds might take .	complex_np:him:Democratic contender	2880
Diane 's silk scarf ruffles behind her .	Diane 's silk scarf ruffles behind the great player .	complex_np:her:great player	2881
I introduced him to the candidate .	I introduced the independent filmmaker to the candidate .	complex_np:him:independent filmmaker	2882
... who would succeed her in the Senate ?	... who would succeed the average worker in the Senate ?	complex_np:her:average worker	2885
Newspapers criticized him as showing a lack of respect .	Newspapers criticized the local volunteer as showing a lack of respect .	complex_np:him:local volunteer	2886
You could see how devastating it was for him .	You could see how devastating it was for the prime minister .	complex_np:him:prime minister	2888
This hieroglyphic , this evidence , freed me to find her .	This hieroglyphic , this evidence , freed me to find the 13-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:13-year-old daughter	2889
1 , Chamberlain called to congratulate him .	1 , Chamberlain called to congratulate the half brother .	complex_np:him:half brother	2890
Will inside linebacker Adalius Thomas drop back to pick him up ?	Will inside linebacker Adalius Thomas drop back to pick the Afghan leader up ?	complex_np:him:Afghan leader	2891
He takes her to doctor appointments and to the hair salon .	He takes the Hindu nationalist to doctor appointments and to the hair salon .	complex_np:her:Hindu nationalist	2893
I always raped her .	I always raped the lovely daughter .	complex_np:her:lovely daughter	2897
Some state officials stood by him .	Some state officials stood by the British soldier .	complex_np:him:British soldier	2898
I did not need him to explain .	I did not need the young singer to explain .	complex_np:him:young singer	2899
It is just a ball to work with her .	It is just a ball to work with the second player .	complex_np:her:second player	2902
Behind him , two water tanks gleam in the sun .	Behind the conservative leader , two water tanks gleam in the sun .	complex_np:him:conservative leader	2905
She said she believes it will be difficult for police to find him .	She said she believes it will be difficult for police to find the other sister .	complex_np:him:other sister	2906
They did not want him to learn any of our stuff .	They did not want the forensic pathologist to learn any of our stuff .	complex_np:him:forensic pathologist	2907
This gave him more speed but less pickup .	This gave the major supporter more speed but less pickup .	complex_np:him:major supporter	2909
He still faces charges that could put him behind bars for life .	He still faces charges that could put the Republican strategist behind bars for life .	complex_np:him:Republican strategist	2910
Does this really make him left wing ?	Does this really make the second daughter left wing ?	complex_np:him:second daughter	2912
That leaves him in a wretched position .	That leaves the 10-year-old daughter in a wretched position .	complex_np:him:10-year-old daughter	2914
Family members are with him .	Family members are with the German leader .	complex_np:him:German leader	2916
It is the other aspects of Parker 's game that impress her .	It is the other aspects of Parker 's game that impress the former butler .	complex_np:her:former butler	2917
Women feel more safe and more feminine around him .	Women feel more safe and more feminine around the young daughter .	complex_np:him:young daughter	2920
I could see him change .	I could see the right fielder change .	complex_np:him:right fielder	2921
I would like to dedicate this race to him .	I would like to dedicate this race to the 5-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:5-year-old daughter	2922
I had some pictures of him in there .	I had some pictures of the automotive supplier in there .	complex_np:him:automotive supplier	2923
He just wanted him out .	He just wanted the first leader out .	complex_np:him:first leader	2924
All corruption charges against her were dropped .	All corruption charges against the Republican member were dropped .	complex_np:her:Republican member	2925
" " You all saw him .	" " You all saw the young driver .	complex_np:him:young driver	2927
He claimed that left him with no option but to resign .	He claimed that left the key player with no option but to resign .	complex_np:him:key player	2929
Ms. Gotbaum 's relatives have accused the police of mistreating her .	Ms. Gotbaum 's relatives have accused the police of mistreating the second player .	complex_np:her:second player	2930
Police have been given an extension until 1600 GMT to question him .	Police have been given an extension until 1600 GMT to question the dry cleaner .	complex_np:him:dry cleaner	2931
It was handwritten by her .	It was handwritten by the new member .	complex_np:her:new member	2932
I gave her a blanket .	I gave the longtime supporter a blanket .	complex_np:her:longtime supporter	2933
A month later I handed him a check .	A month later I handed the lifelong hunter a check .	complex_np:him:lifelong hunter	2934
In the postcards , Khan pleads with CCR to help him .	In the postcards , Khan pleads with CCR to help the lead lawyer .	complex_np:him:lead lawyer	2936
That is probably not enough to win him the Republican nomination .	That is probably not enough to win the Hindu nationalist the Republican nomination .	complex_np:him:Hindu nationalist	2937
You do not find him conceding unnecessary penalties .	You do not find the drunken driver conceding unnecessary penalties .	complex_np:him:drunken driver	2938
The opposition parties will not ask him .	The opposition parties will not ask the paternal grandfather .	complex_np:him:paternal grandfather	2940
When she stopped the officers went to check on her .	When she stopped the officers went to check on the 45-year-old right-hander .	complex_np:her:45-year-old right-hander	2942
He tried to throw him out of office .	He tried to throw the year-old daughter out of office .	complex_np:him:year-old daughter	2943
The bizarre and almost fetishistic nature of the notes disturbed her .	The bizarre and almost fetishistic nature of the notes disturbed the young writer .	complex_np:her:young writer	2946
But everyone who knows her knows that .	But everyone who knows the top automaker knows that .	complex_np:her:top automaker	2947
Alvarez took him to the doctor .	Alvarez took the online auctioneer to the doctor .	complex_np:him:online auctioneer	2949
I love her too .	I love the Canadian schoolteacher too .	complex_np:her:Canadian schoolteacher	2950
" " We are very excited to have her on board .	" " We are very excited to have the Cuban leader on board .	complex_np:her:Cuban leader	2951
But the pain he experienced Monday made the decision for him .	But the pain he experienced Monday made the decision for the Hogwarts headmaster .	complex_np:him:Hogwarts headmaster	2954
Police identified him using information provided by Yahoo .	Police identified the 45-year-old right-hander using information provided by Yahoo .	complex_np:him:45-year-old right-hander	2957
We do not trust him .	We do not trust the front passenger .	complex_np:him:front passenger	2958
Shortly afterwards he killed her .	Shortly afterwards he killed the unidentified runner .	complex_np:her:unidentified runner	2959
Everyone who passed yesterday , it seemed , knew him .	Everyone who passed yesterday , it seemed , knew the local developer .	complex_np:him:local developer	2961
He did not leave her , however .	He did not leave the great partner , however .	complex_np:her:great partner	2962
Ask her , what would she consider a happy ending ?	Ask the early supporter , what would she consider a happy ending ?	complex_np:her:early supporter	2963
They gave him the reins and hoped for the best .	They gave the terrorist leader the reins and hoped for the best .	complex_np:him:terrorist leader	2966
" Everybody is looking for her , " Cales told ABC News .	" Everybody is looking for the elder brother , " Cales told ABC News .	complex_np:her:elder brother	2968
Classmates gave him high-fives .	Classmates gave the male officer high-fives .	complex_np:him:male officer	2971
But that possibility did not dissuade him .	But that possibility did not dissuade the contemporary artist .	complex_np:him:contemporary artist	2972
I saw him so often in action .	I saw the fellow member so often in action .	complex_np:him:fellow member	2973
Patrons and casino employees came to congratulate him .	Patrons and casino employees came to congratulate the female leader .	complex_np:him:female leader	2974
Michael Lohan : I just want her to get it .	Michael Lohan : I just want the British player to get it .	complex_np:her:British player	2975
She credited that experience with helping her on the circuit .	She credited that experience with helping the single player on the circuit .	complex_np:her:single player	2977
The painting became a mental crutch for him .	The painting became a mental crutch for the original owner .	complex_np:him:original owner	2978
But they still hold her responsible for their daughter 's death .	But they still hold the young daughter responsible for their daughter 's death .	complex_np:her:young daughter	2979
Ms. Roehm said the lawsuit caused financial strain for her .	Ms. Roehm said the lawsuit caused financial strain for the white teenager .	complex_np:her:white teenager	2980
And the Ravens are delighted to have him .	And the Ravens are delighted to have the undecided voter .	complex_np:him:undecided voter	2981
" I said to him , " This is my life now .	" I said to the commanding officer , " This is my life now .	complex_np:him:commanding officer	2983
Somebody 's missing her .	Somebody 's missing the interior designer .	complex_np:her:interior designer	2984
When I spoke to him , he was no less inflammatory .	When I spoke to the public broadcaster , he was no less inflammatory .	complex_np:him:public broadcaster	2986
If Rabach cannot play , veteran Mike Pucillo would replace him .	If Rabach cannot play , veteran Mike Pucillo would replace the presidential frontrunner .	complex_np:him:presidential frontrunner	2988
Whitney joins him , dressed and ready .	Whitney joins the pop singer , dressed and ready .	complex_np:him:pop singer	2989
It was the first I had seen of him in nearly seven years .	It was the first I had seen of the scientific officer in nearly seven years .	complex_np:him:scientific officer	2990
" " I hope we can get him out there .	" " I hope we can get the key supporter out there .	complex_np:him:key supporter	2992
You cannot take anything off him .	You cannot take anything off the 20-game winner .	complex_np:him:20-game winner	2993
School excited him more than soccer .	School excited the athletic trainer more than soccer .	complex_np:him:athletic trainer	2994
He gestures at his luggage as they appear to be talking to him .	He gestures at his luggage as they appear to be talking to the French teacher .	complex_np:him:French teacher	2996
The news sparked renewed speculation that health troubles prompted him to step down .	The news sparked renewed speculation that health troubles prompted the Afghan interpreter to step down .	complex_np:him:Afghan interpreter	2997
I blinked , unable to find the words to answer him .	I blinked , unable to find the words to answer the central defender .	complex_np:him:central defender	2998
He turned a page , oblivious to her .	He turned a page , oblivious to the financial planner .	complex_np:her:financial planner	3001
He can call his old friend Ray Hunt and ask him .	He can call his old friend Ray Hunt and ask the occupational therapist .	complex_np:him:occupational therapist	3002
But his admirers say the campaign still relies on him .	But his admirers say the campaign still relies on the American photographer .	complex_np:him:American photographer	3003
Yet his wounds evidently continued to torment him .	Yet his wounds evidently continued to torment the corporate lawyer .	complex_np:him:corporate lawyer	3005
There was nobody there to help her .	There was nobody there to help the alleged ringleader .	complex_np:her:alleged ringleader	3007
If Steve McNair misses several games , will the Ravens miss him ?	If Steve McNair misses several games , will the Ravens miss the 17-game winner ?	complex_np:him:17-game winner	3009
The paramedics managed to bring him back .	The paramedics managed to bring the French journalist back .	complex_np:him:French journalist	3010
It is named after him .	It is named after the military commander .	complex_np:him:military commander	3011
It was nice to share some ideas with him .	It was nice to share some ideas with the political satirist .	complex_np:him:political satirist	3012
She is afraid prospective employers who Google her will suspect rsum inflation .	She is afraid prospective employers who Google the environmental campaigner will suspect rsum inflation .	complex_np:her:environmental campaigner	3014
" " I think we have finished with him now .	" " I think we have finished with the strong believer now .	complex_np:him:strong believer	3015
He finally targets Frank , but no one will believe him .	He finally targets Frank , but no one will believe the British journalist .	complex_np:him:British journalist	3017
" Don 't dig this out of her , " Allen said .	" Don 't dig this out of the former partner , " Allen said .	complex_np:her:former partner	3022
There was a group of lads surrounding him .	There was a group of lads surrounding the Italian photographer .	complex_np:him:Italian photographer	3023
Everyone here calls him Dr. Ravi .	Everyone here calls the grand master Dr. Ravi .	complex_np:him:grand master	3025
But Francona held him back for Game 5 .	But Francona held the strategic partner back for Game 5 .	complex_np:him:strategic partner	3027
Just do not tell him he is handsome .	Just do not tell the alto saxophonist he is handsome .	complex_np:him:alto saxophonist	3028
We wish him and his family the best of luck in San Diego .	We wish the Public broadcaster and his family the best of luck in San Diego .	complex_np:him:Public broadcaster	3029
She told NBC there were " so many " lies about her .	She told NBC there were " so many " lies about the good leader .	complex_np:her:good leader	3030
On Christmas Eve , he asked Duncan to marry him .	On Christmas Eve , he asked Duncan to marry the founding father .	complex_np:him:founding father	3031
What is left for him ?	What is left for the Iraqi driver ?	complex_np:him:Iraqi driver	3032
He always had a little posse of friends with him .	He always had a little posse of friends with the good teacher .	complex_np:him:good teacher	3033
Cosby said Dannielynn inspired her to write the book .	Cosby said Dannielynn inspired the foreign minister to write the book .	complex_np:her:foreign minister	3035
You could also try asking him .	You could also try asking the British brewer .	complex_np:him:British brewer	3036
" You 'll hear him , " Randolph said .	" You 'll hear the poor customer , " Randolph said .	complex_np:him:poor customer	3038
Long ago , he stopped worrying about how anyone perceived him .	Long ago , he stopped worrying about how anyone perceived the chief officer .	complex_np:him:chief officer	3039
Barry Bonds - remember him ?	Barry Bonds - remember the English teacher ?	complex_np:him:English teacher	3040
" I could pet him , " she said .	" I could pet the Polish teenager , " she said .	complex_np:him:Polish teenager	3041
That would take him to another level .	That would take the veteran striker to another level .	complex_np:him:veteran striker	3042
A white Chevy van exiting the parking lot then ran over her .	A white Chevy van exiting the parking lot then ran over the American officer .	complex_np:her:American officer	3043
I admonish her .	I admonish the popular driver .	complex_np:her:popular driver	3044
We support him and this important principle .	We support the political player and this important principle .	complex_np:him:political player	3045
It is out of character for him not to be in contact .	It is out of character for the important member not to be in contact .	complex_np:him:important member	3046
It was pouring off him .	It was pouring off the senior writer .	complex_np:him:senior writer	3049
But Lowell smiled when the scene was described to him .	But Lowell smiled when the scene was described to the serial rapist .	complex_np:him:serial rapist	3051
" " There is nothing that happens that will fool him .	" " There is nothing that happens that will fool the prominent lawyer .	complex_np:him:prominent lawyer	3052
It is not known why John alone should have been abandoned by her .	It is not known why John alone should have been abandoned by the former lover .	complex_np:her:former lover	3053
Mr Mailat admitted robbing Ms Reggiani but denied raping her , police said .	Mr Mailat admitted robbing Ms Reggiani but denied raping the young daughter , police said .	complex_np:her:young daughter	3054
I tell him .	I tell the local partner .	complex_np:him:local partner	3057
Neither side called him to testify in the case .	Neither side called the Greek sprinter to testify in the case .	complex_np:him:Greek sprinter	3058
Here are things I personally blame him for .	Here are things I personally blame the junior partner for .	complex_np:him:junior partner	3059
Government officials say they protected her as best they could .	Government officials say they protected the big seller as best they could .	complex_np:her:big seller	3063
He says the changes will hit him financially .	He says the changes will hit the overall customer financially .	complex_np:him:overall customer	3064
They have identified him as Paulino Valenzuela , 44 .	They have identified the third member as Paulino Valenzuela , 44 .	complex_np:him:third member	3065
Some neutrals think him authoritarian .	Some neutrals think the major tourist authoritarian .	complex_np:him:major tourist	3066
8 c It is all about him .	8 c It is all about the 77-year-old owner .	complex_np:him:77-year-old owner	3067
Another kid , Jackson , may be faster than him .	Another kid , Jackson , may be faster than the preferred provider .	complex_np:him:preferred provider	3068
Her works on gender and politics are studied across the globe .	The major winner works on gender and politics are studied across the globe .	complex_np:her:major winner	3070
It seems unlikely that the moderators or the other candidates will correct him .	It seems unlikely that the moderators or the other candidates will correct the national leader .	complex_np:him:national leader	3073
Efforts to locate her have been unsuccessful .	Efforts to locate the Prime minister have been unsuccessful .	complex_np:her:Prime minister	3074
We just have to get the ball to him .	We just have to get the ball to the national provider .	complex_np:him:national provider	3075
Ina , 27 , joined her a year later .	Ina , 27 , joined the senior strategist a year later .	complex_np:her:senior strategist	3077
I would have done anything for him .	I would have done anything for the top player .	complex_np:him:top player	3079
Tyra must be thrilled for her .	Tyra must be thrilled for the innovative provider .	complex_np:her:innovative provider	3080
Tyutin 's goal gave him 50 career points .	Tyutin 's goal gave the suspected shooter 50 career points .	complex_np:him:suspected shooter	3083
He said he never forced her to do anything .	He said he never forced the big winner to do anything .	complex_np:her:big winner	3084
" I still consider him a friend , " he said .	" I still consider the Afghan photographer a friend , " he said .	complex_np:him:Afghan photographer	3085
After attending an Argerich concert in Montreal , Montero asked her for advice .	After attending an Argerich concert in Montreal , Montero asked the senior partner for advice .	complex_np:her:senior partner	3086
The countdown now begins for Brazil to prove him right .	The countdown now begins for Brazil to prove the old master right .	complex_np:him:old master	3087
He watched her .	He watched the 17-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:17-year-old daughter	3088
He is a family person , and it means a lot to him .	He is a family person , and it means a lot to the 9-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:9-year-old daughter	3089
It is up to her to say .	It is up to the veteran right-hander to say .	complex_np:her:veteran right-hander	3090
, her adopted home town .	, the pregnant mother adopted home town .	complex_np:her:pregnant mother	3091
They fear him .	They fear the British rocker .	complex_np:him:British rocker	3092
I would still be the same if it were not for him .	I would still be the same if it were not for the military commander .	complex_np:him:military commander	3093
The elder Podhoretz told him no .	The elder Podhoretz told the first-round leader no .	complex_np:him:first-round leader	3094
But they want to give him something more .	But they want to give the Pakistani leader something more .	complex_np:him:Pakistani leader	3095
BUSH : I rudely interrupted him .	BUSH : I rudely interrupted the Open finalist .	complex_np:him:Open finalist	3096
This is a threat from him .	This is a threat from the biological mother .	complex_np:him:biological mother	3097
He said the hardships of cattle camp steeled him for life .	He said the hardships of cattle camp steeled the national provider for life .	complex_np:him:national provider	3098
What did it get him ?	What did it get the Polish teenager ?	complex_np:him:Polish teenager	3099
A full house loved him to death .	A full house loved the graphic artist to death .	complex_np:him:graphic artist	3100
We 'll have had five without him .	We 'll have had five without the first-time buyer .	complex_np:him:first-time buyer	3102
I still love her .	I still love the political officer .	complex_np:her:political officer	3103
A court gave him a six-month conditional discharge .	A court gave the teenage daughter a six-month conditional discharge .	complex_np:him:teenage daughter	3104
The second session with her came as a surprise .	The second session with the top officer came as a surprise .	complex_np:her:top officer	3105
I have watched him pitch hundreds of times .	I have watched the Conservative leader pitch hundreds of times .	complex_np:him:Conservative leader	3106
The Panamanian constitution would also forbid him from being extradited to France .	The Panamanian constitution would also forbid the industrial worker from being extradited to France .	complex_np:him:industrial worker	3109
Musharraf is a dictator , and we do not accept him .	Musharraf is a dictator , and we do not accept the top lawyer .	complex_np:him:top lawyer	3110
They invited him back .	They invited the anti-Syrian lawmaker back .	complex_np:him:anti-Syrian lawmaker	3111
You can disagree with him .	You can disagree with the potential employer .	complex_np:him:potential employer	3116
I want him to look at me .	I want the Democratic pollster to look at me .	complex_np:him:Democratic pollster	3120
Was there ever really another stage for him ?	Was there ever really another stage for the 27-year-old right-hander ?	complex_np:him:27-year-old right-hander	3121
Let her be angry .	Let the poor customer be angry .	complex_np:her:poor customer	3122
And Papelbon strikes him out !	And Papelbon strikes the syndicated columnist out !	complex_np:him:syndicated columnist	3123
Haven 't got my passport , Archer told him .	Haven 't got my passport , Archer told the Shiite lawmaker .	complex_np:him:Shiite lawmaker	3126
Come to think of it , no wonder the French love him .	Come to think of it , no wonder the French love the effective leader .	complex_np:him:effective leader	3128
His wife , Sara , had greeted him with an American flag .	His wife , Sara , had greeted the surrogate mother with an American flag .	complex_np:him:surrogate mother	3129
Um ..... are they banning him from bicycle contact ?	Um ..... are they banning the technical writer from bicycle contact ?	complex_np:him:technical writer	3130
She made him pancakes .	She made the good writer pancakes .	complex_np:him:good writer	3131
" He told him , " I do not want to go .	" He told the Danish brewer , " I do not want to go .	complex_np:him:Danish brewer	3132
FOR all Bhutto 's bravado , they got her in the end .	FOR all Bhutto 's bravado , they got the European consumer in the end .	complex_np:her:European consumer	3133
" We wish him the best , " Wyatt said .	" We wish the Italian designer the best , " Wyatt said .	complex_np:him:Italian designer	3134
We 'll compare him to No. 2 .	We 'll compare the young daughter to No. 2 .	complex_np:him:young daughter	3135
I wish him all the best .	I wish the twin brother all the best .	complex_np:him:twin brother	3138
I told him in a hushed voice .	I told the major customer in a hushed voice .	complex_np:him:major customer	3140
To partner him on a round was something special .	To partner the serial killer on a round was something special .	complex_np:him:serial killer	3142
Lozano , 45 , was named after him .	Lozano , 45 , was named after the European manufacturer .	complex_np:him:European manufacturer	3143
But alas , neither semiotics nor historical street cred could save her .	But alas , neither semiotics nor historical street cred could save the senior economist .	complex_np:her:senior economist	3144
" I worry about her , " Stephanie said of Samantha .	" I worry about the Colombian leader , " Stephanie said of Samantha .	complex_np:her:Colombian leader	3145
Life just does not seem the same without him .	Life just does not seem the same without the average worker .	complex_np:him:average worker	3147
Wednesday to report that his wife had stabbed him .	Wednesday to report that his wife had stabbed the ex-foreign minister .	complex_np:him:ex-foreign minister	3148
They ignored him .	They ignored the overnight leader .	complex_np:him:overnight leader	3149
Reports from four years ago indicated police placed her in protective custody .	Reports from four years ago indicated police placed the German automaker in protective custody .	complex_np:her:German automaker	3151
" " I want to just quote her exactly .	" " I want to just quote the deputy commissioner exactly .	complex_np:her:deputy commissioner	3153
However , the high prices keep him from expanding .	However , the high prices keep the national front-runner from expanding .	complex_np:him:national front-runner	3154
And he is taking the hurdles with him .	And he is taking the hurdles with the economic adviser .	complex_np:him:economic adviser	3155
Local regulators ignored him .	Local regulators ignored the 49-year-old singer .	complex_np:him:49-year-old singer	3158
" I want to go with him , " Winehouse screamed .	" I want to go with the straight shooter , " Winehouse screamed .	complex_np:him:straight shooter	3159
That is one reason Bush continues to stand by him .	That is one reason Bush continues to stand by the second daughter .	complex_np:him:second daughter	3162
But this was quickly rejected by those who knew him .	But this was quickly rejected by those who knew the key supporter .	complex_np:him:key supporter	3164
His girlfriend of a year plans to follow him to Mexico .	His girlfriend of a year plans to follow the moderate leader to Mexico .	complex_np:him:moderate leader	3165
We had him in the scanner 12 minutes later .	We had the proven leader in the scanner 12 minutes later .	complex_np:him:proven leader	3166
Prosecutors said Devlin began abusing Ben Ownby immediately after abducting him Jan. 8 .	Prosecutors said Devlin began abusing Ben Ownby immediately after abducting the male teacher Jan. 8 .	complex_np:him:male teacher	3169
The hunt continues to find him .	The hunt continues to find the technical adviser .	complex_np:him:technical adviser	3170
He did not look at the gasping Iraqi woman or speak to her .	He did not look at the gasping Iraqi woman or speak to the financial officer .	complex_np:her:financial officer	3172
They declined to identify him , however .	They declined to identify the leftist leader , however .	complex_np:him:leftist leader	3173
His friend , Jaime Lopez , sat with him in the living room .	His friend , Jaime Lopez , sat with the female driver in the living room .	complex_np:him:female driver	3174
He then walked off the stage as reporters shouted questions at him .	He then walked off the stage as reporters shouted questions at the Conservative leader .	complex_np:him:Conservative leader	3175
The council voted 13 to 3 against certifying him .	The council voted 13 to 3 against certifying the 1-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:1-year-old daughter	3176
Dogs bit her .	Dogs bit the religious leader .	complex_np:her:religious leader	3177
" " We hope others will join him .	" " We hope others will join the 42-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:42-year-old mother	3178
He did not know what hit him .	He did not know what hit the Republican front-runner .	complex_np:him:Republican front-runner	3180
Her hold on them is solid but certainly not unshakable .	The Canadian schoolteacher hold on them is solid but certainly not unshakable .	complex_np:her:Canadian schoolteacher	3181
" We took care of the incubation for her , " Hollmen said .	" We took care of the incubation for the fast bowler , " Hollmen said .	complex_np:her:fast bowler	3183
This gives him an enormous amount of power .	This gives the 77-year-old owner an enormous amount of power .	complex_np:him:77-year-old owner	3184
His schedule can take him through a half-dozen stops a day .	His schedule can take the political insider through a half-dozen stops a day .	complex_np:him:political insider	3185
It is about him being available consistently now for his club .	It is about the supreme commander being available consistently now for his club .	complex_np:him:supreme commander	3186
Her dog charged the man , leading him to flee .	Her dog charged the man , leading the medical examiner to flee .	complex_np:him:medical examiner	3187
Fisher said the easy camaraderie convinced him of something .	Fisher said the easy camaraderie convinced the possible contender of something .	complex_np:him:possible contender	3188
This makes them less likely to criticize Gibbs or even challenge him .	This makes them less likely to criticize Gibbs or even challenge the online customer .	complex_np:him:online customer	3189
Burke said finding him is a top priority .	Burke said finding the front passenger is a top priority .	complex_np:him:front passenger	3190
Yet under him , the firm was consistently profitable .	Yet under the British singer , the firm was consistently profitable .	complex_np:him:British singer	3192
The specialist knew the disease well , he told her .	The specialist knew the disease well , he told the Canadian teacher .	complex_np:her:Canadian teacher	3193
His seminar will move with him .	His seminar will move with the ardent supporter .	complex_np:him:ardent supporter	3195
Gagn 's reputation had preceded him .	Gagn 's reputation had preceded the independent filmmaker .	complex_np:him:independent filmmaker	3197
Blair asked him .	Blair asked the next player .	complex_np:him:next player	3201
Colleagues told her to blow it off .	Colleagues told the political scientist to blow it off .	complex_np:her:political scientist	3202
He fought anyone who took him on .	He fought anyone who took the global provider on .	complex_np:him:global provider	3203
At this point , her struggles with the C.I.A. began .	At this point , the long-term partner struggles with the C.I.A. began .	complex_np:her:long-term partner	3204
They looked at her like she was an apparition .	They looked at the international customer like she was an apparition .	complex_np:her:international customer	3205
Celtics F Brian Scalabrine pulled his jersey and Howard pushed him in frustration .	Celtics F Brian Scalabrine pulled his jersey and Howard pushed the main challenger in frustration .	complex_np:him:main challenger	3206
He stretched his legs in front of him .	He stretched his legs in front of the Dutch striker .	complex_np:him:Dutch striker	3207
Are you taking her again ?	Are you taking the early adopter again ?	complex_np:her:early adopter	3208
What restrained him ?	What restrained the urban planner ?	complex_np:him:urban planner	3209
In fact , she never mentioned him by name .	In fact , she never mentioned the good hitter by name .	complex_np:him:good hitter	3210
What he observed has stayed with him to this day .	What he observed has stayed with the juvenile offender to this day .	complex_np:him:juvenile offender	3212
I call her a chaos magnet .	I call the twin sister a chaos magnet .	complex_np:her:twin sister	3213
So I decided to change him into regular classes .	So I decided to change the Communist leader into regular classes .	complex_np:him:Communist leader	3214
Hendrick than assured Gordon that Busch would race him clean .	Hendrick than assured Gordon that Busch would race the good writer clean .	complex_np:him:good writer	3215
I am delighted for him .	I am delighted for the Scottish singer .	complex_np:him:Scottish singer	3216
She was not yet ready to relinquish him to history .	She was not yet ready to relinquish the former employer to history .	complex_np:him:former employer	3218
The Boston Archdiocese has placed him on leave .	The Boston Archdiocese has placed the British coroner on leave .	complex_np:him:British coroner	3219
No one looked at Alison ; no one answered her .	No one looked at Alison ; no one answered the nuclear engineer .	complex_np:her:nuclear engineer	3222
They knew his elbow was bothering him .	They knew his elbow was bothering the 15-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:15-year-old daughter	3223
The rest of the country will soon know him too .	The rest of the country will soon know the new master too .	complex_np:him:new master	3224
Crawford would have eaten her for breakfast .	Crawford would have eaten the chief lobbyist for breakfast .	complex_np:her:chief lobbyist	3225
Now all you have to do is ask her .	Now all you have to do is ask the young mother .	complex_np:her:young mother	3226
It propelled him to unparalleled electoral popularity .	It propelled the overall customer to unparalleled electoral popularity .	complex_np:him:overall customer	3227
" It goes without saying : I support him , " Jeter said .	" It goes without saying : I support the big sister , " Jeter said .	complex_np:him:big sister	3228
Then all the reindeer teased him .	Then all the reindeer teased the big supporter .	complex_np:him:big supporter	3229
Do you think his shortstop days are behind him ?	Do you think his shortstop days are behind the American officer ?	complex_np:him:American officer	3230
Mr. Battsek said he was simply playing the winning cards dealt to him .	Mr. Battsek said he was simply playing the winning cards dealt to the autistic hiker .	complex_np:him:autistic hiker	3231
We want to give him this chance .	We want to give the little brother this chance .	complex_np:him:little brother	3236
I have never met him .	I have never met the valuable player .	complex_np:him:valuable player	3238
We wish him the best of luck .	We wish the eldest brother the best of luck .	complex_np:him:eldest brother	3240
John Edwards beat her in producing policy proposals .	John Edwards beat the chief strategist in producing policy proposals .	complex_np:her:chief strategist	3242
It was not easy to explain quickly what is remarkable about her .	It was not easy to explain quickly what is remarkable about the presidential frontrunner .	complex_np:her:presidential frontrunner	3243
Archie cannot find himself without going to her .	Archie cannot find himself without going to the Kurdish separatist .	complex_np:her:Kurdish separatist	3244
Rescuers were not able to resuscitate her .	Rescuers were not able to resuscitate the Hogwarts headmaster .	complex_np:her:Hogwarts headmaster	3247
It is been a lot of fun playing for him so far .	It is been a lot of fun playing for the local farmer so far .	complex_np:him:local farmer	3251
I expect him to have a massive series .	I expect the Republican lawyer to have a massive series .	complex_np:him:Republican lawyer	3253
Parvez persuades Shona to run off to England with him .	Parvez persuades Shona to run off to England with the sole provider .	complex_np:him:sole provider	3254
Some of them were more impressed by him than others .	Some of them were more impressed by the great player than others .	complex_np:him:great player	3255
The robber shot him almost immediately after the officer walked in .	The robber shot the molecular biologist almost immediately after the officer walked in .	complex_np:him:molecular biologist	3256
I let her go .	I let the prospective buyer go .	complex_np:her:prospective buyer	3257
Then they politely thank her , and walk out .	Then they politely thank the forensic anthropologist , and walk out .	complex_np:her:forensic anthropologist	3260
My mother had voted for him as governor .	My mother had voted for the overall leader as governor .	complex_np:him:overall leader	3261
But would his family be able to forgive him ?	But would his family be able to forgive the controlling shareholder ?	complex_np:him:controlling shareholder	3264
Questions about that statement dogged him for the rest of the campaign .	Questions about that statement dogged the academic officer for the rest of the campaign .	complex_np:him:academic officer	3265
And I did treat him honorably .	And I did treat the hit-and-run driver honorably .	complex_np:him:hit-and-run driver	3267
The president assured her he was on the same wavelength .	The president assured the new lawyer he was on the same wavelength .	complex_np:her:new lawyer	3268
A succession of American efforts to locate him have failed .	A succession of American efforts to locate the pro-democracy leader have failed .	complex_np:him:pro-democracy leader	3269
Will the Saudis let him out ?	Will the Saudis let the pregnant mother out ?	complex_np:him:pregnant mother	3270
After their breakup , she portrayed him unflatteringly in a book .	After their breakup , she portrayed the former minister unflatteringly in a book .	complex_np:him:former minister	3273
Something sudden has happened to him .	Something sudden has happened to the abstract painter .	complex_np:him:abstract painter	3276
Ortega 's papers identified him as a priest .	Ortega 's papers identified the top commander as a priest .	complex_np:him:top commander	3278
You know how much respect I do have for him .	You know how much respect I do have for the new member .	complex_np:him:new member	3279
Paramedics were called to the remote location but were unable to revive him .	Paramedics were called to the remote location but were unable to revive the late singer .	complex_np:him:late singer	3280
Newcastle appeared to have finished him off .	Newcastle appeared to have finished the costume designer off .	complex_np:him:costume designer	3282
The Internet is using him .	The Internet is using the amateur singer .	complex_np:him:amateur singer	3284
He had no food or water with him .	He had no food or water with the professional player .	complex_np:him:professional player	3285
Why , I asked her .	Why , I asked the personal shopper .	complex_np:her:personal shopper	3286
He was allowed to take only the possessions he had with him .	He was allowed to take only the possessions he had with the deputy minister .	complex_np:him:deputy minister	3287
He could line up against a 300-pound defensive end and basically stalemate him .	He could line up against a 300-pound defensive end and basically stalemate the lovely daughter .	complex_np:him:lovely daughter	3288
Ashley is more like her twin every day .	Ashley is more like the Celtic goalkeeper twin every day .	complex_np:her:Celtic goalkeeper	3289
Maybe but they are struggling with him , too .	Maybe but they are struggling with the past keeper , too .	complex_np:him:past keeper	3292
I loved her .	I loved the fantastic player .	complex_np:her:fantastic player	3293
His third wife , Isabel , succeeds him .	His third wife , Isabel , succeeds the Blackwater founder .	complex_np:him:Blackwater founder	3294
At least one had considered him a close friend .	At least one had considered the military lawyer a close friend .	complex_np:him:military lawyer	3295
He looked behind him again .	He looked behind the former employer again .	complex_np:him:former employer	3297
" I love him , " he said .	" I love the 45-year-old right-hander , " he said .	complex_np:him:45-year-old right-hander	3299
It all started with him .	It all started with the longtime member .	complex_np:him:longtime member	3300
The performance should earn him an Oscar nomination as well .	The performance should earn the new mother an Oscar nomination as well .	complex_np:him:new mother	3301
One shows her lounging on a sofa .	One shows the senior writer lounging on a sofa .	complex_np:her:senior writer	3302
Newkirk orders him to be replaced .	Newkirk orders the premier provider to be replaced .	complex_np:him:premier provider	3303
Scott interviewed him after the trial .	Scott interviewed the prominent lawyer after the trial .	complex_np:him:prominent lawyer	3305
All of which makes him a potent symbol now .	All of which makes the African leader a potent symbol now .	complex_np:him:African leader	3307
So it was funny being on the same field as him .	So it was funny being on the same field as the new owner .	complex_np:him:new owner	3308
I did not intend to offend him .	I did not intend to offend the Shiite extremist .	complex_np:him:Shiite extremist	3310
As they tried to move him , another shot rang out .	As they tried to move the twin sister , another shot rang out .	complex_np:him:twin sister	3311
We are not even thinking about the character who did this to her .	We are not even thinking about the character who did this to the Italian tourist .	complex_np:her:Italian tourist	3312
She said that Mills dissuaded her from hiring a lawyer .	She said that Mills dissuaded the industrial worker from hiring a lawyer .	complex_np:her:industrial worker	3313
" I do not expect him to be arrested , " she added .	" I do not expect the young officer to be arrested , " she added .	complex_np:him:young officer	3314
In September , Sergeant Gaskins called his aunt and asked her for help .	In September , Sergeant Gaskins called his aunt and asked the infant daughter for help .	complex_np:her:infant daughter	3315
That probably explains why she discarded him .	That probably explains why she discarded the occupational therapist .	complex_np:him:occupational therapist	3318
And he said he forgave those giving him a lethal injection .	And he said he forgave those giving the Australian striker a lethal injection .	complex_np:him:Australian striker	3319
His style alienates left-wing factions who join forces against him .	His style alienates left-wing factions who join forces against the early leader .	complex_np:him:early leader	3321
When Labour MPs say this , why should anyone believe him ?	When Labour MPs say this , why should anyone believe the professional wrestler ?	complex_np:him:professional wrestler	3322
The way he plays , it is really tough to play against him .	The way he plays , it is really tough to play against the devoted mother .	complex_np:him:devoted mother	3323
One hole later , Ochoa proved him correct .	One hole later , Ochoa proved the great believer correct .	complex_np:him:great believer	3324
" I thought I was helping him out , " she said .	" I thought I was helping the possible contender out , " she said .	complex_np:him:possible contender	3325
But Mr. Oz and Mr. Craig do not go easy on him .	But Mr. Oz and Mr. Craig do not go easy on the future leader .	complex_np:him:future leader	3326
For her , the race to find new energy sources is fascinating .	For the overall customer , the race to find new energy sources is fascinating .	complex_np:her:overall customer	3328
They started taking that cutback away from him .	They started taking that cutback away from the former firefighter .	complex_np:him:former firefighter	3329
Unfortunately , I tapped him .	Unfortunately , I tapped the 22-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:22-year-old daughter	3330
For him at least , Newark 's edge had dulled a bit .	For the militant commander at least , Newark 's edge had dulled a bit .	complex_np:him:militant commander	3331
I had him over a few weeks ago .	I had the substitute teacher over a few weeks ago .	complex_np:him:substitute teacher	3332
None of this was caused by my failure to nourish him .	None of this was caused by my failure to nourish the Christian leader .	complex_np:him:Christian leader	3333
" Let him come here to coach our team , " he said .	" Let the foster mother come here to coach our team , " he said .	complex_np:him:foster mother	3334
Should she tell him ?	Should she tell the Chinese journalist ?	complex_np:him:Chinese journalist	3335
He had dropped his handgun before the officers reached him .	He had dropped his handgun before the officers reached the Serb leader .	complex_np:him:Serb leader	3336
That is him .	That is the top tourist .	complex_np:him:top tourist	3338
And now people come to see him .	And now people come to see the former producer .	complex_np:him:former producer	3339
I cannot wait to see her .	I cannot wait to see the socialist leader .	complex_np:her:socialist leader	3341
Official results gave him nearly 95 % of the vote .	Official results gave the structural engineer nearly 95 % of the vote .	complex_np:him:structural engineer	3342
Why had he invited her in the first place ?	Why had he invited the executive member in the first place ?	complex_np:her:executive member	3345
A cyclist required hospital treatment after a bottle was thrown at her .	A cyclist required hospital treatment after a bottle was thrown at the local partner .	complex_np:her:local partner	3346
Call it feminine intuition , but I believe her .	Call it feminine intuition , but I believe the top tourist .	complex_np:her:top tourist	3348
That is what Mr. Rubin says means the most to him .	That is what Mr. Rubin says means the most to the successful bidder .	complex_np:him:successful bidder	3350
Right now we are just playing for him .	Right now we are just playing for the possible insider .	complex_np:him:possible insider	3351
This left her with a certain amount of self-consciousness .	This left the former trainer with a certain amount of self-consciousness .	complex_np:her:former trainer	3353
We 'll do the best we can for him .	We 'll do the best we can for the American officer .	complex_np:him:American officer	3354
He is in town but I have not seen him .	He is in town but I have not seen the new owner .	complex_np:him:new owner	3355
Everyone adores him .	Everyone adores the animal lover .	complex_np:him:animal lover	3357
Happily , the producers chose to let him live .	Happily , the producers chose to let the chief designer live .	complex_np:him:chief designer	3358
He is forced to the ground and officers order him to stop resisting .	He is forced to the ground and officers order the conservative blogger to stop resisting .	complex_np:him:conservative blogger	3359
" I wish you well , " McIvor told him .	" I wish you well , " McIvor told the seventh player .	complex_np:him:seventh player	3361
Still unclear is whether the Miami Dolphins want him back .	Still unclear is whether the Miami Dolphins want the political activist back .	complex_np:him:political activist	3362
Have you seen him ?	Have you seen the key supporter ?	complex_np:him:key supporter	3363
One thing is for sure , we will never forget him .	One thing is for sure , we will never forget the proud father .	complex_np:him:proud father	3364
The D.J. turned down the music for him .	The D.J. turned down the music for the 81-year-old leader .	complex_np:him:81-year-old leader	3367
I met with him on numerous occasions .	I met with the former producer on numerous occasions .	complex_np:him:former producer	3369
And then something happened to him .	And then something happened to the former officer .	complex_np:him:former officer	3370
We are excited to have him on board .	We are excited to have the hard worker on board .	complex_np:him:hard worker	3372
And that suggests these voters feel some connection to him .	And that suggests these voters feel some connection to the grand master .	complex_np:him:grand master	3376
" She replied : " No , I absolutely loved him .	" She replied : " No , I absolutely loved the American singer .	complex_np:him:American singer	3377
You cannot let him get that far out front .	You cannot let the temporary worker get that far out front .	complex_np:him:temporary worker	3378
Finally , the impact of the drama hit him .	Finally , the impact of the drama hit the British lender .	complex_np:him:British lender	3379
Both his father 's lesson and his upbringing made him that way .	Both his father 's lesson and his upbringing made the former lawyer that way .	complex_np:him:former lawyer	3380
We wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors .	We wish the innocent bystander the best of luck in his future endeavors .	complex_np:him:innocent bystander	3381
I told him to take a guess .	I told the relative newcomer to take a guess .	complex_np:him:relative newcomer	3382
When he got up Bryant gave him a few pats on the head .	When he got up Bryant gave the new player a few pats on the head .	complex_np:him:new player	3384
Charles also asked Calzaghe if everyone was cheering for him on Saturday .	Charles also asked Calzaghe if everyone was cheering for the Brazilian striker on Saturday .	complex_np:him:Brazilian striker	3385
We are lucky to get him .	We are lucky to get the industrial designer .	complex_np:him:industrial designer	3387
The schoolboy shyness came over him .	The schoolboy shyness came over the political supporter .	complex_np:him:political supporter	3389
And it will be great when we get him back .	And it will be great when we get the Celtic striker back .	complex_np:him:Celtic striker	3391
I sat next to him at an interview , very pregnant .	I sat next to the foreign fighter at an interview , very pregnant .	complex_np:him:foreign fighter	3392
They deported her to Tijuana , Mexico .	They deported the online provider to Tijuana , Mexico .	complex_np:her:online provider	3393
Devlin initially pleaded not guilty to all charges against him .	Devlin initially pleaded not guilty to all charges against the Georgian leader .	complex_np:him:Georgian leader	3394
Perhaps I 'll get used to him .	Perhaps I 'll get used to the past goalkeeper .	complex_np:him:past goalkeeper	3395
Her dog charged the man , causing him to flee , authorities said .	Her dog charged the man , causing the top seller to flee , authorities said .	complex_np:him:top seller	3397
The local union and its international endorsed him in August .	The local union and its international endorsed the former manager in August .	complex_np:him:former manager	3400
So I had a very frank discussion with him .	So I had a very frank discussion with the lone striker .	complex_np:him:lone striker	3401
What happened next amazed her .	What happened next amazed the European consumer .	complex_np:her:European consumer	3403
Now , FairTax supporters pack events to cheer him on .	Now , FairTax supporters pack events to cheer the backup singer on .	complex_np:him:backup singer	3404
Maybe she struggled with him ?	Maybe she struggled with the American photographer ?	complex_np:him:American photographer	3406
Should Hillaryland muzzle him ?	Should Hillaryland muzzle the highest-ranked player ?	complex_np:him:highest-ranked player	3407
I did not mean anything specifically about him .	I did not mean anything specifically about the Open winner .	complex_np:him:Open winner	3408
I have always loved watching Britney more than just listening to her .	I have always loved watching Britney more than just listening to the diverse customer .	complex_np:her:diverse customer	3409
First of all , the center line had no significance to him .	First of all , the center line had no significance to the strong leader .	complex_np:him:strong leader	3410
I have never seen him actually sad .	I have never seen the top performer actually sad .	complex_np:him:top performer	3412
His family goes to great lengths to protect him .	His family goes to great lengths to protect the militant leader .	complex_np:him:militant leader	3414
But she also wanted her to have fun .	But she also wanted the prominent leader to have fun .	complex_np:her:prominent leader	3416
One : Mr Denard had shot him .	One : Mr Denard had shot the real leader .	complex_np:him:real leader	3418
He is under contract , and we are going to keep him .	He is under contract , and we are going to keep the early supporter .	complex_np:him:early supporter	3419
Simpson has said he and others were retrieving items that belonged to him .	Simpson has said he and others were retrieving items that belonged to the French soldier .	complex_np:him:French soldier	3421
Mark Shand proposed , but she turned him down .	Mark Shand proposed , but she turned the serial killer down .	complex_np:him:serial killer	3422
Few would doubt him now .	Few would doubt the great partner now .	complex_np:him:great partner	3423
Teddy at 41 : how do you explain him ?	Teddy at 41 : how do you explain the political insider ?	complex_np:him:political insider	3424
It was not immediately clear who fired the shot that killed him .	It was not immediately clear who fired the shot that killed the Nigerian striker .	complex_np:him:Nigerian striker	3425
President Bush has nominated retired federal judge Michael Mukasey to replace him .	President Bush has nominated retired federal judge Michael Mukasey to replace the forensic psychiatrist .	complex_np:him:forensic psychiatrist	3426
They want to see him around , making a difference .	They want to see the natural leader around , making a difference .	complex_np:him:natural leader	3427
He has trained normally and I have talked with him .	He has trained normally and I have talked with the first passenger .	complex_np:him:first passenger	3428
" We 'll work him out " before the game .	" We 'll work the possible contender out " before the game .	complex_np:him:possible contender	3429
He read all his speeches to her .	He read all his speeches to the 8-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:8-year-old daughter	3430
It also separated her from the wanna-be Beyonce pack .	It also separated the first driver from the wanna-be Beyonce pack .	complex_np:her:first driver	3433
I have talked to him .	I have talked to the junior partner .	complex_np:him:junior partner	3434
But I have not seen him yet .	But I have not seen the first daughter yet .	complex_np:him:first daughter	3435
But no one recognized her .	But no one recognized the top player .	complex_np:her:top player	3436
I want to give him that opportunity .	I want to give the Celtic striker that opportunity .	complex_np:him:Celtic striker	3438
But is anyone else ready for him ?	But is anyone else ready for the fourth player ?	complex_np:him:fourth player	3440
Rafael Mendoza said he was convinced Cozad wanted to kill him .	Rafael Mendoza said he was convinced Cozad wanted to kill the top-10 player .	complex_np:him:top-10 player	3442
It shouldn 't hold her back .	It shouldn 't hold the civilian leader back .	complex_np:her:civilian leader	3443
It did not bother him , Bozeman said .	It did not bother the senior partner , Bozeman said .	complex_np:him:senior partner	3445
White told him to run sprints and he did .	White told the new partner to run sprints and he did .	complex_np:him:new partner	3448
I hope the bastard gets what is coming to him inside prison .	I hope the bastard gets what is coming to the U.S.-allied leader inside prison .	complex_np:him:U.S.-allied leader	3450
Too bad Monk helped send him there in the first place .	Too bad Monk helped send the Polish teenager there in the first place .	complex_np:him:Polish teenager	3451
I joined her .	I joined the strategic bomber .	complex_np:her:strategic bomber	3452
The president wants him to carry out the administration 's terrorism-fighting agenda .	The president wants the Syrian leader to carry out the administration 's terrorism-fighting agenda .	complex_np:him:Syrian leader	3454
" I root for him , " Carmazzi said .	" I root for the chief lobbyist , " Carmazzi said .	complex_np:him:chief lobbyist	3455
But they do not miss him yet .	But they do not miss the missing daughter yet .	complex_np:him:missing daughter	3457
I do not want to pressure him to do anything .	I do not want to pressure the elderly father to do anything .	complex_np:him:elderly father	3458
" We love him , " Chamberlain said .	" We love the formidable player , " Chamberlain said .	complex_np:him:formidable player	3459
Give her a microphone .	Give the great leader a microphone .	complex_np:her:great leader	3461
It was important for him to be able to stand to receive it .	It was important for the second officer to be able to stand to receive it .	complex_np:him:second officer	3462
His players , in turn , feel that for him .	His players , in turn , feel that for the video player .	complex_np:him:video player	3463
And look : now the mainstream has found him .	And look : now the mainstream has found the idle chatter .	complex_np:him:idle chatter	3464
Muldrow did not react when County Judge John Conrad sentenced her .	Muldrow did not react when County Judge John Conrad sentenced the general officer .	complex_np:her:general officer	3466
I never saw him underestimate or overestimate his role .	I never saw the veteran spacewalker underestimate or overestimate his role .	complex_np:him:veteran spacewalker	3467
But Dilfer had a walk about him .	But Dilfer had a walk about the former commander .	complex_np:him:former commander	3468
They had to accept him .	They had to accept the Iraqi commander .	complex_np:him:Iraqi commander	3469
The queen 's crown travels in a separate carriage ahead of her .	The queen 's crown travels in a separate carriage ahead of the American worker .	complex_np:her:American worker	3470
So far , law-enforcement officials agree with him .	So far , law-enforcement officials agree with the presidential front-runner .	complex_np:him:presidential front-runner	3471
A dispatcher told her to stay put .	A dispatcher told the total shareholder to stay put .	complex_np:her:total shareholder	3473
It was to welcome him to the neighborhood .	It was to welcome the good teacher to the neighborhood .	complex_np:him:good teacher	3474
Everyone gets along with him .	Everyone gets along with the Open finalist .	complex_np:him:Open finalist	3476
So do not plan on him going anywhere anytime soon .	So do not plan on the Muslim leader going anywhere anytime soon .	complex_np:him:Muslim leader	3477
In recent days , two people close to him have died .	In recent days , two people close to the lucky winner have died .	complex_np:him:lucky winner	3478
His girlfriend , Nanine Linning , gave it to him .	His girlfriend , Nanine Linning , gave it to the professional footballer .	complex_np:him:professional footballer	3479
Thai police said the hunt for him was on .	Thai police said the hunt for the American photographer was on .	complex_np:him:American photographer	3480
What were they to think of her ?	What were they to think of the deputy leader ?	complex_np:her:deputy leader	3483
I told him I did not know it .	I told the Celtic goalkeeper I did not know it .	complex_np:him:Celtic goalkeeper	3489
That was all the scrambling required of him .	That was all the scrambling required of the lifelong hunter .	complex_np:him:lifelong hunter	3491
She describes him as delusional .	She describes the personal trainer as delusional .	complex_np:him:personal trainer	3492
You definitely have to have thick skin to play for him .	You definitely have to have thick skin to play for the founding partner .	complex_np:him:founding partner	3494
Some said Americans killed him .	Some said Americans killed the former skipper .	complex_np:him:former skipper	3496
Call her fickle .	Call the left fielder fickle .	complex_np:her:left fielder	3497
They coaxed her to come home .	They coaxed the pet owner to come home .	complex_np:her:pet owner	3499
The incongruity of the situation is not lost on him .	The incongruity of the situation is not lost on the British journalist .	complex_np:him:British journalist	3500
Only him and his mates are allowed in .	Only the primary driver and his mates are allowed in .	complex_np:him:primary driver	3501
If there were a real mistake , it might cost her .	If there were a real mistake , it might cost the costume designer .	complex_np:her:costume designer	3503
I want him to dream about doing something big .	I want the exceptional customer to dream about doing something big .	complex_np:him:exceptional customer	3504
And I think it is a problem for him .	And I think it is a problem for the court-appointed lawyer .	complex_np:him:court-appointed lawyer	3506
Authorities have publicly warned him to stub it out this year .	Authorities have publicly warned the Left fielder to stub it out this year .	complex_np:him:Left fielder	3507
She was looking up at him in alarm .	She was looking up at the liberal activist in alarm .	complex_np:him:liberal activist	3508
I wondered , trying to put him at ease .	I wondered , trying to put the commercial photographer at ease .	complex_np:him:commercial photographer	3510
They show up for meetings with him .	They show up for meetings with the chief lobbyist .	complex_np:him:chief lobbyist	3512
And many students say they will join him .	And many students say they will join the British designer .	complex_np:him:British designer	3513
Pitching him was a good idea , too .	Pitching the medical examiner was a good idea , too .	complex_np:him:medical examiner	3514
Piniella 's top starter had a new way about him , too .	Piniella 's top starter had a new way about the black-sheep brother , too .	complex_np:him:black-sheep brother	3515
You 've got to go home with her , after all .	You 've got to go home with the black lawyer , after all .	complex_np:her:black lawyer	3517
Expect the Rams to ride him hard .	Expect the Rams to ride the former stripper hard .	complex_np:him:former stripper	3518
I told him I had kept my promise .	I told the hooded robber I had kept my promise .	complex_np:him:hooded robber	3520
I do not want him to think I am nosy .	I do not want the 42-year-old mother to think I am nosy .	complex_np:him:42-year-old mother	3522
He denies all the charges against him .	He denies all the charges against the fourth member .	complex_np:him:fourth member	3524
They have been granted until 11pm on Sunday to continue questioning him .	They have been granted until 11pm on Sunday to continue questioning the major driver .	complex_np:him:major driver	3526
Ms. Colton said privacy laws prevented her from commenting further .	Ms. Colton said privacy laws prevented the 19-year-old daughter from commenting further .	complex_np:her:19-year-old daughter	3527
So we discharged him from the hospital .	So we discharged the maternal grandfather from the hospital .	complex_np:him:maternal grandfather	3528
I gave him the information .	I gave the gold digger the information .	complex_np:him:gold digger	3529
Much harder is pulling him out without leaving traces .	Much harder is pulling the British officer out without leaving traces .	complex_np:him:British officer	3530
The Bengals could certainly use him .	The Bengals could certainly use the social psychologist .	complex_np:him:social psychologist	3532
His son Alessandro and two other mobsters were arrested with him .	His son Alessandro and two other mobsters were arrested with the extra attacker .	complex_np:him:extra attacker	3535
Authorities were questioning her , he said .	Authorities were questioning the Democratic pollster , he said .	complex_np:her:Democratic pollster	3536
The rest are produced by him and staff artisans .	The rest are produced by the rank outsider and staff artisans .	complex_np:him:rank outsider	3539
The fact she has coped so wonderfully is mostly thanks to him .	The fact she has coped so wonderfully is mostly thanks to the nine-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:nine-year-old daughter	3540
I expect him to .	I expect the new customer to .	complex_np:him:new customer	3541
There was an unloaded .22-caliber handgun on the seat beside him .	There was an unloaded .22-caliber handgun on the seat beside the global customer .	complex_np:him:global customer	3543
Chessmore recommended on Wednesday that the school board fire her .	Chessmore recommended on Wednesday that the school board fire the chief officer .	complex_np:her:chief officer	3544
It is about him and his mother .	It is about the prominent activist and his mother .	complex_np:him:prominent activist	3546
But he said the idea thrilled him .	But he said the idea thrilled the top seller .	complex_np:him:top seller	3547
It is a very matter-of-fact conversation usually with him .	It is a very matter-of-fact conversation usually with the troubled lender .	complex_np:him:troubled lender	3548
I would not wish fans turning on him .	I would not wish fans turning on the vice minister .	complex_np:him:vice minister	3550
The timing for him is unfortunate .	The timing for the 19-game winner is unfortunate .	complex_np:him:19-game winner	3553
Niemi was unsighted and the midfielder 's daisy-cutter deceived him .	Niemi was unsighted and the midfielder 's daisy-cutter deceived the chief adviser .	complex_np:him:chief adviser	3554
The impact knocked him off his skates .	The impact knocked the strong contender off his skates .	complex_np:him:strong contender	3558
And to her , I suppose he was .	And to the automotive supplier , I suppose he was .	complex_np:her:automotive supplier	3559
Someone in the crowd corrected him .	Someone in the crowd corrected the elderly father .	complex_np:him:elderly father	3561
" " I could not keep him in the house .	" " I could not keep the valid driver in the house .	complex_np:him:valid driver	3562
But one person , says Lucks , is what saved him .	But one person , says Lucks , is what saved the forensic scientist .	complex_np:him:forensic scientist	3563
To this day I can clearly picture her in detail .	To this day I can clearly picture the local partner in detail .	complex_np:her:local partner	3564
She is beautiful but wooden -- a good match for him .	She is beautiful but wooden -- a good match for the great believer .	complex_np:him:great believer	3565
A much smaller number felt sorry for him .	A much smaller number felt sorry for the structural engineer .	complex_np:him:structural engineer	3566
I was not supposed to see him until August .	I was not supposed to see the Democratic member until August .	complex_np:him:Democratic member	3567
It is all about respect for him .	It is all about respect for the most-capped player .	complex_np:him:most-capped player	3568
One of Jelic 's deputies could also succeed him , Topic said .	One of Jelic 's deputies could also succeed the real killer , Topic said .	complex_np:him:real killer	3571
Five-year-old fans said they no longer recognize her .	Five-year-old fans said they no longer recognize the fellow officer .	complex_np:her:fellow officer	3572
She said he told her he was going to be fine .	She said he told the robust consumer he was going to be fine .	complex_np:her:robust consumer	3573
Her team interrupted her with applause .	Her team interrupted the new leader with applause .	complex_np:her:new leader	3574
Such wrongs should have earned him six points .	Such wrongs should have earned the suspected shooter six points .	complex_np:him:suspected shooter	3575
He admitted a charge of assaulting the girl with intent to rape her .	He admitted a charge of assaulting the girl with intent to rape the silent killer .	complex_np:her:silent killer	3578
It made him feel cool .	It made the academic officer feel cool .	complex_np:him:academic officer	3579
But his outspokenness could also earn him new fans .	But his outspokenness could also earn the financial manager new fans .	complex_np:him:financial manager	3582
Midge distrusted and disliked her .	Midge distrusted and disliked the young driver .	complex_np:her:young driver	3583
What stopped him from speaking was not anything physical .	What stopped the syndicated columnist from speaking was not anything physical .	complex_np:him:syndicated columnist	3584
Students at the school ask about her too .	Students at the school ask about the diversified manufacturer too .	complex_np:her:diversified manufacturer	3585
We just wanted her to look tough !	We just wanted the adoptive mother to look tough !	complex_np:her:adoptive mother	3588
Do you see them trading for him ?	Do you see them trading for the Spanish cyclist ?	complex_np:him:Spanish cyclist	3590
But he let her have the limelight .	But he let the top-10 player have the limelight .	complex_np:her:top-10 player	3592
" That was his way of complimenting her , " Ronnie says .	" That was his way of complimenting the scientific adviser , " Ronnie says .	complex_np:her:scientific adviser	3593
She was unconscious when Chandler brought her out .	She was unconscious when Chandler brought the relative newcomer out .	complex_np:her:relative newcomer	3594
Don 't expect him to be Peyton Manning this season .	Don 't expect the General manager to be Peyton Manning this season .	complex_np:him:General manager	3595
Britain wants him extradited to stand trial .	Britain wants the three-year-old daughter extradited to stand trial .	complex_np:him:three-year-old daughter	3598
I feel her , all bones and clamminess .	I feel the global provider , all bones and clamminess .	complex_np:her:global provider	3599
He did not believe it could get any bleaker for him .	He did not believe it could get any bleaker for the front runner .	complex_np:him:front runner	3600
He said it was instantly apparent to him something was wrong .	He said it was instantly apparent to the top contender something was wrong .	complex_np:him:top contender	3601
For her , it is a way to connect with the past .	For the other customer , it is a way to connect with the past .	complex_np:her:other customer	3602
They put him on a waiting list for a transplant .	They put the 14-year-old daughter on a waiting list for a transplant .	complex_np:him:14-year-old daughter	3603
I just left her there .	I just left the American writer there .	complex_np:her:American writer	3604
The AP could not immediately reach her for comment .	The AP could not immediately reach the important Buddhist for comment .	complex_np:her:important Buddhist	3606
Ms Ellis told the court Mr McAuley physically and mentally abused her .	Ms Ellis told the court Mr McAuley physically and mentally abused the online customer .	complex_np:her:online customer	3608
Moments later , she said , Mr. Calderon began to beat him .	Moments later , she said , Mr. Calderon began to beat the rival bidder .	complex_np:him:rival bidder	3611
To her , this is no small matter .	To the next hitter , this is no small matter .	complex_np:her:next hitter	3612
An Iranian woman recognized him .	An Iranian woman recognized the vicious killer .	complex_np:him:vicious killer	3614
I : I threw it at her on purpose .	I : I threw it at the Maoist leader on purpose .	complex_np:her:Maoist leader	3615
This was my dedication to him .	This was my dedication to the Afghan soldier .	complex_np:him:Afghan soldier	3617
He described seeing a television cameraman ahead of him being killed .	He described seeing a television cameraman ahead of the female leader being killed .	complex_np:him:female leader	3618
I wanted to have a look at him naked .	I wanted to have a look at the junior partner naked .	complex_np:him:junior partner	3619
I could not get back to him .	I could not get back to the conservative activist .	complex_np:him:conservative activist	3620
He asked me to come work for him .	He asked me to come work for the good driver .	complex_np:him:good driver	3622
At 14 months I bought her a potty .	At 14 months I bought the Celtic defender a potty .	complex_np:her:Celtic defender	3623
Because if it is possible , I am going to play him .	Because if it is possible , I am going to play the first customer .	complex_np:him:first customer	3625
On the tapes , Baker tries to defend him .	On the tapes , Baker tries to defend the grand master .	complex_np:him:grand master	3626
I just sat there looking at him .	I just sat there looking at the American journalist .	complex_np:him:American journalist	3627
His parents have pushed him .	His parents have pushed the insurgent leader .	complex_np:him:insurgent leader	3629
How will the Blazers do without him ?	How will the Blazers do without the conceptual artist ?	complex_np:him:conceptual artist	3632
I ask her .	I ask the local leader .	complex_np:her:local leader	3633
Behind him , the night was black .	Behind the third player , the night was black .	complex_np:him:third player	3636
But Baker leaned on him hard .	But Baker leaned on the eldest brother hard .	complex_np:him:eldest brother	3637
Runge indicated that Winters told him that Bradley had .	Runge indicated that Winters told the cultural anthropologist that Bradley had .	complex_np:him:cultural anthropologist	3639
You remember what happened to him ?	You remember what happened to the former commander ?	complex_np:him:former commander	3640
He also pointed to the fact that several black elected officials support her .	He also pointed to the fact that several black elected officials support the opposing player .	complex_np:her:opposing player	3642
They should definitely kill her .	They should definitely kill the regional officer .	complex_np:her:regional officer	3644
And when he does , we love him for it .	And when he does , we love the female passenger for it .	complex_np:him:female passenger	3645
We think a lot of him .	We think a lot of the twin brother .	complex_np:him:twin brother	3646
Disinterested puts him off .	Disinterested puts the Canadian teacher off .	complex_np:him:Canadian teacher	3647
He loses to her by 3.3 points .	He loses to the offensive player by 3.3 points .	complex_np:her:offensive player	3648
Is there anything I can do to stop her from recording it ?	Is there anything I can do to stop the militant leader from recording it ?	complex_np:her:militant leader	3649
How could you not love her ?	How could you not love the extra attacker ?	complex_np:her:extra attacker	3652
He 'll kill him .	He 'll kill the British archaeologist .	complex_np:him:British archaeologist	3654
One can trail him for weeks without monitoring a temperamental eruption .	One can trail the young writer for weeks without monitoring a temperamental eruption .	complex_np:him:young writer	3655
The NRA did not support him or his Democratic rival .	The NRA did not support the military commander or his Democratic rival .	complex_np:him:military commander	3658
I 'll get him home .	I 'll get the male vocalist home .	complex_np:him:male vocalist	3659
I made her a dame .	I made the black leader a dame .	complex_np:her:black leader	3660
We remain hopeful we will get her back safely .	We remain hopeful we will get the former partner back safely .	complex_np:her:former partner	3661
People ask about him everywhere we go .	People ask about the Turkish leader everywhere we go .	complex_np:him:Turkish leader	3662
I was standing there on my one leg and I looked at him .	I was standing there on my one leg and I looked at the former member .	complex_np:him:former member	3663
Jason Robinson 6 The Springboks have it in for him .	Jason Robinson 6 The Springboks have it in for the Korean leader .	complex_np:him:Korean leader	3664
He even walked , powered by a machine behind him .	He even walked , powered by a machine behind the national frontrunner .	complex_np:him:national frontrunner	3666
The two boys follow him .	The two boys follow the Chinese artist .	complex_np:him:Chinese artist	3667
Price has never heard of him .	Price has never heard of the other player .	complex_np:him:other player	3669
Replacing him on TV replays is Gamini Silva .	Replacing the Christian leader on TV replays is Gamini Silva .	complex_np:him:Christian leader	3670
And I trust him .	And I trust the former prisoner .	complex_np:him:former prisoner	3672
Then they found her , alive .	Then they found the Chinese journalist , alive .	complex_np:her:Chinese journalist	3673
Police have not released his name or other information about him .	Police have not released his name or other information about the first-time offender .	complex_np:him:first-time offender	3674
I 'll have to have a talk with him !	I 'll have to have a talk with the Republican strategist !	complex_np:him:Republican strategist	3675
All his friends will miss him greatly .	All his friends will miss the European consumer greatly .	complex_np:him:European consumer	3678
" I adore her , " he said , affecting reluctance .	" I adore the opposing player , " he said , affecting reluctance .	complex_np:her:opposing player	3679
Byron York asks him .	Byron York asks the syndicated columnist .	complex_np:him:syndicated columnist	3680
Izquierdo denied that and professed his love for her .	Izquierdo denied that and professed his love for the presidential contender .	complex_np:her:presidential contender	3682
Leave him alone .	Leave the total shareholder alone .	complex_np:him:total shareholder	3683
Tatiana sat next to him .	Tatiana sat next to the residential customer .	complex_np:him:residential customer	3684
But it still does not make much sense to him .	But it still does not make much sense to the forensic pathologist .	complex_np:him:forensic pathologist	3687
But he is still not interested in sex with her .	But he is still not interested in sex with the Spanish tourist .	complex_np:her:Spanish tourist	3690
He declined to speak with reporters who peppered him with questions .	He declined to speak with reporters who peppered the fellow prisoner with questions .	complex_np:him:fellow prisoner	3691
I have not seen him in person yet .	I have not seen the active member in person yet .	complex_np:him:active member	3692
And locals appear happy to have him .	And locals appear happy to have the surrogate mother .	complex_np:him:surrogate mother	3693
He seems to have good people around him .	He seems to have good people around the chief officer .	complex_np:him:chief officer	3695
And there is a book about him now ?	And there is a book about the former stripper now ?	complex_np:him:former stripper	3696
Greenspan interviewed Clinton for the book and clearly admires him .	Greenspan interviewed Clinton for the book and clearly admires the major customer .	complex_np:him:major customer	3697
He was just 19 when Houston took him 10th overall .	He was just 19 when Houston took the steady leader 10th overall .	complex_np:him:steady leader	3698
I have full confidence in him .	I have full confidence in the runaway winner .	complex_np:him:runaway winner	3700
" We are sure going to miss him , " Boggs said .	" We are sure going to miss the substitute teacher , " Boggs said .	complex_np:him:substitute teacher	3701
I am happy for him .	I am happy for the good mother .	complex_np:him:good mother	3704
Magistrate Judge Arlander Keys decided against releasing him on bond .	Magistrate Judge Arlander Keys decided against releasing the British explorer on bond .	complex_np:him:British explorer	3706
His five RBIs put him at 100 for the season .	His five RBIs put the national provider at 100 for the season .	complex_np:him:national provider	3707
It is mattar , my mother told him .	It is mattar , my mother told the 48-year-old singer .	complex_np:him:48-year-old singer	3710
A year ago , those words would have meant nothing to him .	A year ago , those words would have meant nothing to the Conservative member .	complex_np:him:Conservative member	3711
The president wanted to see her in the Oval Office .	The president wanted to see the unidentified runner in the Oval Office .	complex_np:her:unidentified runner	3712
The sellout crowd of 18,997 gave him a standing ovation .	The sellout crowd of 18,997 gave the black teenager a standing ovation .	complex_np:him:black teenager	3713
Replacing him was Reuben Droughns .	Replacing the mobile consumer was Reuben Droughns .	complex_np:him:mobile consumer	3714
It is that you dated him so badly .	It is that you dated the investigative journalist so badly .	complex_np:him:investigative journalist	3716
She invited him to dinner .	She invited the Kurdish leader to dinner .	complex_np:him:Kurdish leader	3717
They do not look on him as the solution .	They do not look on the Tibetan leader as the solution .	complex_np:him:Tibetan leader	3718
He was interested in the family stories his grandma had told him .	He was interested in the family stories his grandma had told the anonymous buyer .	complex_np:him:anonymous buyer	3719
We look forward to working with him on these important bird conservation proposals .	We look forward to working with the conservative columnist on these important bird conservation proposals .	complex_np:him:conservative columnist	3720
The fuzzy phrase a number of also gets to him .	The fuzzy phrase a number of also gets to the single mother .	complex_np:him:single mother	3722
A religious character , Hajji Saleh , survives by hiding behind him .	A religious character , Hajji Saleh , survives by hiding behind the nationalist leader .	complex_np:him:nationalist leader	3723
I have known him 20 years .	I have known the half brother 20 years .	complex_np:him:half brother	3724
His intellectual brawn and brain made him a household name .	His intellectual brawn and brain made the leftist leader a household name .	complex_np:him:leftist leader	3725
Manager Roy Keane refused to blame him , though .	Manager Roy Keane refused to blame the former driver , though .	complex_np:him:former driver	3728
I am sure there will be a few more highs for him yet .	I am sure there will be a few more highs for the local farmer yet .	complex_np:him:local farmer	3729
This example of globalisation did not anger him .	This example of globalisation did not anger the strategic partner .	complex_np:him:strategic partner	3731
Without her he was , literally , dead .	Without the chief minister he was , literally , dead .	complex_np:her:chief minister	3733
Arizona went 65-41 with Snyder catching and 25-31 without him .	Arizona went 65-41 with Snyder catching and 25-31 without the Yugoslav leader .	complex_np:him:Yugoslav leader	3734
Haven 't we moved on from there , and him ?	Haven 't we moved on from there , and the loving mother ?	complex_np:him:loving mother	3735
I do not have any worries about him .	I do not have any worries about the new partner .	complex_np:him:new partner	3736
Citigroup executives , nonetheless , did not want him to leave .	Citigroup executives , nonetheless , did not want the forensic psychologist to leave .	complex_np:him:forensic psychologist	3737
Her and I joke about things .	The senior leader and I joke about things .	complex_np:her:senior leader	3739
The consequences to her of not having it could be dire .	The consequences to the senior officer of not having it could be dire .	complex_np:her:senior officer	3740
We were happy to have him .	We were happy to have the molecular biologist .	complex_np:him:molecular biologist	3741
I definitely agree with him there .	I definitely agree with the lead researcher there .	complex_np:him:lead researcher	3742
That gives him 10 victories on the season .	That gives the first driver 10 victories on the season .	complex_np:him:first driver	3743
Prosecutors had granted him immunity .	Prosecutors had granted the nine-year-old daughter immunity .	complex_np:him:nine-year-old daughter	3745
" But I asked him and he said yes , " he said .	" But I asked the Dutch striker and he said yes , " he said .	complex_np:him:Dutch striker	3746
Efforts to revive her were unsuccessful .	Efforts to revive the gold medalist were unsuccessful .	complex_np:her:gold medalist	3747
Rather then asked him about becoming Treasury secretary .	Rather then asked the Russian fighter about becoming Treasury secretary .	complex_np:him:Russian fighter	3748
He took her up on the bet .	He took the popular tourist up on the bet .	complex_np:her:popular tourist	3749
The first time he crosses K 'Harma 's path , she notices him .	The first time he crosses K 'Harma 's path , she notices the popular leader .	complex_np:him:popular leader	3750
, all but condemned him on Thursday .	, all but condemned the real leader on Thursday .	complex_np:him:real leader	3751
Hillary Clinton would not want me within a hundred miles of her .	Hillary Clinton would not want me within a hundred miles of the corporate lawyer .	complex_np:her:corporate lawyer	3752
The rest of the folks looked up to him .	The rest of the folks looked up to the key player .	complex_np:him:key player	3753
Then it caught her , cruelly , with cancer .	Then it caught the key player , cruelly , with cancer .	complex_np:her:key player	3754
In 2000 , Clinton gave him the Presidential Medal of Freedom .	In 2000 , Clinton gave the other sister the Presidential Medal of Freedom .	complex_np:him:other sister	3755
Ms. Talve said the women approached her this fall .	Ms. Talve said the women approached the big winner this fall .	complex_np:her:big winner	3756
What can I do to shut her up ?	What can I do to shut the innocent bystander up ?	complex_np:her:innocent bystander	3757
And why the Rangers find him so valuable .	And why the Rangers find the conservative columnist so valuable .	complex_np:him:conservative columnist	3759
Officials from the Honorary Consul in Accra are assisting him .	Officials from the Honorary Consul in Accra are assisting the naval commander .	complex_np:him:naval commander	3760
Did the stuff belong to him ?	Did the stuff belong to the five-time winner ?	complex_np:him:five-time winner	3761
Mia : Being the President 's daughter was new for her .	Mia : Being the President 's daughter was new for the 44-year-old left-hander .	complex_np:her:44-year-old left-hander	3764
It is not helping him .	It is not helping the overseas player .	complex_np:him:overseas player	3765
LOS ANGELES , California ( AP ) -- Just call him The Duke .	LOS ANGELES , California ( AP ) -- Just call the symbolic leader The Duke .	complex_np:him:symbolic leader	3767
It all tied him in knots .	It all tied the first-time offender in knots .	complex_np:him:first-time offender	3768
But victory in a Challenger in France last week helped him .	But victory in a Challenger in France last week helped the Irish writer .	complex_np:him:Irish writer	3769
He said he would immediate call Bonds to notify him .	He said he would immediate call Bonds to notify the British journalist .	complex_np:him:British journalist	3770
He estimated that it would take him two or three years .	He estimated that it would take the significant customer two or three years .	complex_np:him:significant customer	3771
Dr. Mehta 's findings left her puzzled .	Dr. Mehta 's findings left the Republican contender puzzled .	complex_np:her:Republican contender	3774
For her , the outlook is none too bright .	For the extra attacker , the outlook is none too bright .	complex_np:her:extra attacker	3775
I would be very comfortable moving to her .	I would be very comfortable moving to the highest-paid player .	complex_np:her:highest-paid player	3776
I do not begrudge him a penny .	I do not begrudge the Spanish rider a penny .	complex_np:him:Spanish rider	3777
I do not think they 'll give him one .	I do not think they 'll give the political insider one .	complex_np:him:political insider	3778
It is certainly a challenge for the man that replaces him .	It is certainly a challenge for the man that replaces the fourth member .	complex_np:him:fourth member	3779
Until they hear her .	Until they hear the Swedish industrialist .	complex_np:her:Swedish industrialist	3780
You cannot keep him down .	You cannot keep the Democratic activist down .	complex_np:him:Democratic activist	3782
I respect her as a thinking person .	I respect the infant daughter as a thinking person .	complex_np:her:infant daughter	3783
Police had detained her there since Tuesday .	Police had detained the third member there since Tuesday .	complex_np:her:third member	3784
I am waiting for her to write out the longhand version .	I am waiting for the former lawyer to write out the longhand version .	complex_np:her:former lawyer	3785
Hundreds of thousands of people turned out to welcome her .	Hundreds of thousands of people turned out to welcome the next hitter .	complex_np:her:next hitter	3786
" " We want him to succeed .	" " We want the polygamous-sect leader to succeed .	complex_np:him:polygamous-sect leader	3788
Mr. Edwards 's campaign said the union move was good for him .	Mr. Edwards 's campaign said the union move was good for the suspected terrorist .	complex_np:him:suspected terrorist	3790
I am owning him on this game .	I am owning the unidentified runner on this game .	complex_np:him:unidentified runner	3793
David Cameron joined him on stage .	David Cameron joined the French choreographer on stage .	complex_np:him:French choreographer	3794
I remember him carrying me .	I remember the senior scientist carrying me .	complex_np:him:senior scientist	3795
He has a consistency about him .	He has a consistency about the Afghan leader .	complex_np:him:Afghan leader	3796
Her love touched so many people .	The American singer love touched so many people .	complex_np:her:American singer	3797
Romney also mocked her .	Romney also mocked the major player .	complex_np:her:major player	3798
However , no date was given for him to step down .	However , no date was given for the big supporter to step down .	complex_np:him:big supporter	3799
Get at him as soon as you can .	Get at the French journalist as soon as you can .	complex_np:him:French journalist	3800
Others are prepared to give her the benefit of the doubt .	Others are prepared to give the key supporter the benefit of the doubt .	complex_np:her:key supporter	3802
I had to attend with him .	I had to attend with the militant commander .	complex_np:him:militant commander	3803
They even booed him during introductions before the opening game .	They even booed the chief scientist during introductions before the opening game .	complex_np:him:chief scientist	3805
Her love affair with Aurora began her first day .	The executive member love affair with Aurora began her first day .	complex_np:her:executive member	3806
It has just not been a good run-up to this record for him .	It has just not been a good run-up to this record for the five-time winner .	complex_np:him:five-time winner	3807
And I had interviews with him .	And I had interviews with the French tourist .	complex_np:him:French tourist	3808
I have no way to ask him what happened .	I have no way to ask the judicial officer what happened .	complex_np:him:judicial officer	3809
And all this is a little strange for him .	And all this is a little strange for the Tibetan separatist .	complex_np:him:Tibetan separatist	3810
His powers of oration recently failed him here .	His powers of oration recently failed the Democratic challenger here .	complex_np:him:Democratic challenger	3811
Lord Brodie deferred sentence on Brown and remanded him in custody .	Lord Brodie deferred sentence on Brown and remanded the socialist leader in custody .	complex_np:him:socialist leader	3812
His former Sooners teammates also remain fond of him .	His former Sooners teammates also remain fond of the Canadian schoolteacher .	complex_np:him:Canadian schoolteacher	3814
In 2002 , military officers staged a coup to oust him .	In 2002 , military officers staged a coup to oust the new user .	complex_np:him:new user	3815
She was always faithful to him .	She was always faithful to the natural leader .	complex_np:him:natural leader	3816
We cannot improve by 50 goals if we lose 20 goals from him .	We cannot improve by 50 goals if we lose 20 goals from the new commander .	complex_np:him:new commander	3817
" " It has to be a lot of pressure on him .	" " It has to be a lot of pressure on the third soldier .	complex_np:him:third soldier	3818
Invite her to lunch .	Invite the spiritual adviser to lunch .	complex_np:her:spiritual adviser	3819
I assured him I was not .	I assured the 4-year-old daughter I was not .	complex_np:him:4-year-old daughter	3822
He ordered her to undergo random drug and alcohol testing twice a week .	He ordered the twin brother to undergo random drug and alcohol testing twice a week .	complex_np:her:twin brother	3823
Can 't take your eyes off her ?	Can 't take your eyes off the suspected terrorist ?	complex_np:her:suspected terrorist	3824
Look at him , conked out , nose glistening , such an innocent .	Look at the national officer , conked out , nose glistening , such an innocent .	complex_np:him:national officer	3825
He said Cota had answered every question asked of him .	He said Cota had answered every question asked of the chief lawyer .	complex_np:him:chief lawyer	3826
Police had questioned him then , but no charges were filed .	Police had questioned the Afghan leader then , but no charges were filed .	complex_np:him:Afghan leader	3827
I am looking forward to seeing him speak on Wednesday .	I am looking forward to seeing the serious challenger speak on Wednesday .	complex_np:him:serious challenger	3828
" It is a supreme tribute to her , " he said .	" It is a supreme tribute to the political supporter , " he said .	complex_np:her:political supporter	3833
So I am going to give her a chance .	So I am going to give the second daughter a chance .	complex_np:her:second daughter	3834
What is the matter with this girl and with others like her ?	What is the matter with this girl and with others like the alleged shooter ?	complex_np:her:alleged shooter	3835
Fisher said the camaraderie convinced him of something .	Fisher said the camaraderie convinced the devoted mother of something .	complex_np:him:devoted mother	3836
" " I have heard him say that .	" " I have heard the Iraqi interpreter say that .	complex_np:him:Iraqi interpreter	3837
I need him .	I need the presidential adviser .	complex_np:him:presidential adviser	3838
The film also showed him asserting that gay sex was not sinful .	The film also showed the barefoot Buddhist asserting that gay sex was not sinful .	complex_np:him:barefoot Buddhist	3839
I had to build trust with her .	I had to build trust with the troubled lender .	complex_np:her:troubled lender	3840
Now the Americans have killed him -- why ?	Now the Americans have killed the forensic psychologist -- why ?	complex_np:him:forensic psychologist	3842
How can we help her fit in ?	How can we help the French leader fit in ?	complex_np:her:French leader	3844
The Mazda swerved and struck him , Mr. Rosenfield said .	The Mazda swerved and struck the public officer , Mr. Rosenfield said .	complex_np:him:public officer	3846
They did not harm , let alone kill , her .	They did not harm , let alone kill , the 15-game winner .	complex_np:her:15-game winner	3848
Marc stared him down .	Marc stared the environmental engineer down .	complex_np:him:environmental engineer	3850
" They should worry about him , " Jagr said .	" They should worry about the electrical engineer , " Jagr said .	complex_np:him:electrical engineer	3851
" This is a historic agreement , " he told her .	" This is a historic agreement , " he told the romantic partner .	complex_np:her:romantic partner	3854
Which brings him back to that other shoe dropping .	Which brings the fast bowler back to that other shoe dropping .	complex_np:him:fast bowler	3855
Brewster also is accused of forcing Williams to perform oral sex on her .	Brewster also is accused of forcing Williams to perform oral sex on the political supporter .	complex_np:her:political supporter	3857
Nichols said Vang shot him again .	Nichols said Vang shot the 29-year-old rapper again .	complex_np:him:29-year-old rapper	3858
We are going to prepare him as the starter .	We are going to prepare the Portuguese manager as the starter .	complex_np:him:Portuguese manager	3859
It took her a minute to say yes .	It took the autistic hiker a minute to say yes .	complex_np:her:autistic hiker	3861
She would not hold her serve in the set .	She would not hold the defensive player serve in the set .	complex_np:her:defensive player	3864
And , of course , Alex -- we sort of rallied around him .	And , of course , Alex -- we sort of rallied around the strong contender .	complex_np:him:strong contender	3865
You have influence on her .	You have influence on the 45-year-old mother .	complex_np:her:45-year-old mother	3866
" I did not have any problems with him , " Girardi said .	" I did not have any problems with the key Buddhist , " Girardi said .	complex_np:him:key Buddhist	3867
She gave the city 30 more days to produce him .	She gave the city 30 more days to produce the young teacher .	complex_np:him:young teacher	3869
Thompson did not try to stop him .	Thompson did not try to stop the conservative activist .	complex_np:him:conservative activist	3871
He is his own man and the Queen loves him for it .	He is his own man and the Queen loves the teenage daughter for it .	complex_np:him:teenage daughter	3873
You do not allow her to have friends .	You do not allow the major producer to have friends .	complex_np:her:major producer	3874
It is great cover for him .	It is great cover for the elderly father .	complex_np:him:elderly father	3875
They are always harassing her .	They are always harassing the Yugoslav leader .	complex_np:her:Yugoslav leader	3877
Diplomats say Than Shwe has an intense hatred for her .	Diplomats say Than Shwe has an intense hatred for the hit-and-run driver .	complex_np:her:hit-and-run driver	3879
The woman with whom he had the affair left him .	The woman with whom he had the affair left the 14-year-old follower .	complex_np:him:14-year-old follower	3880
Clooney 's friend Sarah Larson was with him .	Clooney 's friend Sarah Larson was with the overall leader .	complex_np:him:overall leader	3881
He knelt beside the croc that had just tried to nail him .	He knelt beside the croc that had just tried to nail the special player .	complex_np:him:special player	3882
Others copied him .	Others copied the DVD player .	complex_np:him:DVD player	3886
Standing beside him , Ms. Rice nodded approvingly .	Standing beside the senior lecturer , Ms. Rice nodded approvingly .	complex_np:him:senior lecturer	3887
He told her to stay home and - no questions .	He told the young officer to stay home and - no questions .	complex_np:her:young officer	3888
I think I heard him sobbing .	I think I heard the second daughter sobbing .	complex_np:him:second daughter	3889
Katelyn Kampf said the past year has not been easy for her .	Katelyn Kampf said the past year has not been easy for the first leader .	complex_np:her:first leader	3890
He told her he had been in the United Arab Emirates .	He told the Hindu nationalist he had been in the United Arab Emirates .	complex_np:her:Hindu nationalist	3892
He said his lawyer advised him not to comment further .	He said his lawyer advised the political columnist not to comment further .	complex_np:him:political columnist	3893
Mr. Saffir 's wife , Sarah , died before him .	Mr. Saffir 's wife , Sarah , died before the legal officer .	complex_np:him:legal officer	3894
Television also has proved a creative adventure for him .	Television also has proved a creative adventure for the Turkish fighter .	complex_np:him:Turkish fighter	3895
Santa is real as long as you believe in him .	Santa is real as long as you believe in the Muslim leader .	complex_np:him:Muslim leader	3896
Even so , the House voted to reprimand him .	Even so , the House voted to reprimand the veteran defender .	complex_np:him:veteran defender	3898
The Colombian mind-set infuriates her .	The Colombian mind-set infuriates the veteran defender .	complex_np:her:veteran defender	3899
I would like to see him strung up to be honest .	I would like to see the Democratic leader strung up to be honest .	complex_np:him:Democratic leader	3900
The middle school asked Cho 's parents to get him counseling .	The middle school asked Cho 's parents to get the lead singer counseling .	complex_np:him:lead singer	3902
I had a great relationship with him at Wigan Athletic .	I had a great relationship with the significant player at Wigan Athletic .	complex_np:him:significant player	3903
She says it makes her feel less wasteful .	She says it makes the Brazilian goalkeeper feel less wasteful .	complex_np:her:Brazilian goalkeeper	3904
Let her stay in La Reunion .	Let the major winner stay in La Reunion .	complex_np:her:major winner	3906
As it happened , dialogue landed him in prison .	As it happened , dialogue landed the active leader in prison .	complex_np:him:active leader	3907
He is pivotal in our team and we are lucky to have him .	He is pivotal in our team and we are lucky to have the interim manager .	complex_np:him:interim manager	3909
Today , Korolev has a town named after him in Russia .	Today , Korolev has a town named after the postal worker in Russia .	complex_np:him:postal worker	3910
I doubt the father is forcing him to do this .	I doubt the father is forcing the Christian activist to do this .	complex_np:him:Christian activist	3911
She did it for him !	She did it for the late founder !	complex_np:him:late founder	3912
His agent sacked him .	His agent sacked the American officer .	complex_np:him:American officer	3915
We have not had him on a regular basis .	We have not had the white supremacist on a regular basis .	complex_np:him:white supremacist	3918
She is very sick and I am scared of losing her .	She is very sick and I am scared of losing the Left fielder .	complex_np:her:Left fielder	3919
When Lofton hit the next pitch , Beckett yelled at him .	When Lofton hit the next pitch , Beckett yelled at the 8-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:8-year-old daughter	3920
A shadow fell over her .	A shadow fell over the senior leader .	complex_np:her:senior leader	3921
An ambulance pulled up and took her away .	An ambulance pulled up and took the German soldier away .	complex_np:her:German soldier	3922
Two subsequent attempts to impeach her have failed .	Two subsequent attempts to impeach the political player have failed .	complex_np:her:political player	3923
Ellen R. Malcolm , president of Emily 's List , barely recalls him .	Ellen R. Malcolm , president of Emily 's List , barely recalls the female member .	complex_np:him:female member	3925
This has been a very harrowing experience for him .	This has been a very harrowing experience for the lone striker .	complex_np:him:lone striker	3926
With what he is been through , nothing fazes him .	With what he is been through , nothing fazes the young mother .	complex_np:him:young mother	3928
I will always consider him my prophet .	I will always consider the liberal activist my prophet .	complex_np:him:liberal activist	3929
Not that this kind of psychoanalytic reading escapes him .	Not that this kind of psychoanalytic reading escapes the veteran spacewalker .	complex_np:him:veteran spacewalker	3930
Ryan Barnes tackled him for a big loss .	Ryan Barnes tackled the 18-year-old daughter for a big loss .	complex_np:him:18-year-old daughter	3933
If he values silence , let him keep silent .	If he values silence , let the Conservative leader keep silent .	complex_np:him:Conservative leader	3934
He wooed her with flowers and his flair for comedy .	He wooed the alleged killer with flowers and his flair for comedy .	complex_np:her:alleged killer	3935
Just to congratulate him .	Just to congratulate the digital consumer .	complex_np:him:digital consumer	3936
Mr. Heier told her it was unacceptable .	Mr. Heier told the Republican leader it was unacceptable .	complex_np:her:Republican leader	3941
The doctor told him he had broken his foot .	The doctor told the Canadian teacher he had broken his foot .	complex_np:him:Canadian teacher	3942
She actually goes looking for my cousin and cannot find him .	She actually goes looking for my cousin and cannot find the general partner .	complex_np:him:general partner	3944
It makes him feel better .	It makes the senior economist feel better .	complex_np:him:senior economist	3948
I cannot brag about him enough .	I cannot brag about the chief minister enough .	complex_np:him:chief minister	3949
How hard was it to arrest him ?	How hard was it to arrest the French defender ?	complex_np:him:French defender	3950
He is survived by her and by two sons of his first marriage .	He is survived by the French defender and by two sons of his first marriage .	complex_np:her:French defender	3953
Who could blame him ?	Who could blame the premier provider ?	complex_np:him:premier provider	3954
Throughout these school years , Cho 's classmates recognized him as different .	Throughout these school years , Cho 's classmates recognized the leftist leader as different .	complex_np:him:leftist leader	3955
In the short term this has worked very well for him .	In the short term this has worked very well for the personal trainer .	complex_np:him:personal trainer	3958
You 're looking for him to screw up .	You 're looking for the international striker to screw up .	complex_np:him:international striker	3960
The constitution prevents him from serving three consecutive terms .	The constitution prevents the Yugoslav leader from serving three consecutive terms .	complex_np:him:Yugoslav leader	3961
" I told her , ' I 'll come and get ya .	" I told the Liberal leader , ' I 'll come and get ya .	complex_np:her:Liberal leader	3962
It left him severely bruised and his hearing aid was damaged .	It left the Chinese artist severely bruised and his hearing aid was damaged .	complex_np:him:Chinese artist	3964
Leave her alone !	Leave the independent filmmaker alone !	complex_np:her:independent filmmaker	3966
Did he beat him ?	Did he beat the German officer ?	complex_np:him:German officer	3967
His employer found out using a perk they gave to him .	His employer found out using a perk they gave to the new customer .	complex_np:him:new customer	3970
I was not meant to remember , let alone find her .	I was not meant to remember , let alone find the Iraqi journalist .	complex_np:her:Iraqi journalist	3971
" " We sure missed him .	" " We sure missed the Kurdish leader .	complex_np:him:Kurdish leader	3976
The music trivia aside , Mr. Thompson makes self-indulgence work for him .	The music trivia aside , Mr. Thompson makes self-indulgence work for the Dutch brewer .	complex_np:him:Dutch brewer	3978
I have never seen him in a bad mood .	I have never seen the English teacher in a bad mood .	complex_np:him:English teacher	3979
I knew it was down to him .	I knew it was down to the top automaker .	complex_np:him:top automaker	3981
He smiled back at her .	He smiled back at the staunch supporter .	complex_np:her:staunch supporter	3982
Franken looks him in the eye .	Franken looks the perfect partner in the eye .	complex_np:him:perfect partner	3983
Yarom said personal experience prompted her to make the film .	Yarom said personal experience prompted the fast bowler to make the film .	complex_np:her:fast bowler	3984
When that happens , you 'll see something from him .	When that happens , you 'll see something from the 15-game winner .	complex_np:him:15-game winner	3986
She firmly believed she would be together with her .	She firmly believed she would be together with the interim leader .	complex_np:her:interim leader	3988
Regrettably , it is time for him to resign .	Regrettably , it is time for the lovely daughter to resign .	complex_np:him:lovely daughter	3989
Crocker then banished him from the country .	Crocker then banished the pulmonary specialist from the country .	complex_np:him:pulmonary specialist	3990
Talk to him about how he is feeling .	Talk to the American consumer about how he is feeling .	complex_np:him:American consumer	3991
This year has already seen him crowned Wigtownshire sports personality of the year .	This year has already seen the residential customer crowned Wigtownshire sports personality of the year .	complex_np:him:residential customer	3992
I thought I got him clean .	I thought I got the Dutch striker clean .	complex_np:him:Dutch striker	3993
I love her enough to make some people angry .	I love the joint winner enough to make some people angry .	complex_np:her:joint winner	3995
To her , that afternoon was pregnant with emptiness .	To the 30-year-old mother , that afternoon was pregnant with emptiness .	complex_np:her:30-year-old mother	3996
Abbott argued with him .	Abbott argued with the annual shareholder .	complex_np:him:annual shareholder	3997
I called my attending and gave him the story .	I called my attending and gave the fantastic player the story .	complex_np:him:fantastic player	3999
We gave him the benefit of the doubt .	We gave the Scottish singer the benefit of the doubt .	complex_np:him:Scottish singer	4000
s Still Got A Long Season Ahead Of Her .	s Still Got A Long Season Ahead Of The second officer .	complex_np:her:second officer	4001
Kennedy claimed Mr Davies had tried to sexually assault him .	Kennedy claimed Mr Davies had tried to sexually assault the left fielder .	complex_np:him:left fielder	4002
AR : How 's it working with him ?	AR : How 's it working with the senior partner ?	complex_np:him:senior partner	4003
I look to him to throw a great game .	I look to the global consumer to throw a great game .	complex_np:him:global consumer	4006
The violence continued without him .	The violence continued without the former member .	complex_np:him:former member	4007
The new deal ties him to the Stars through the 2008-09 season .	The new deal ties the veteran right-hander to the Stars through the 2008-09 season .	complex_np:him:veteran right-hander	4008
But the Indians got to him quickly .	But the Indians got to the nine-year-old daughter quickly .	complex_np:him:nine-year-old daughter	4009
We need him to be OK and he understands that .	We need the outstanding leader to be OK and he understands that .	complex_np:him:outstanding leader	4011
The locker room has stuck with him .	The locker room has stuck with the black teenager .	complex_np:him:black teenager	4012
Authorities say he also shoved the clerk who tried to stop him .	Authorities say he also shoved the clerk who tried to stop the medical practitioner .	complex_np:him:medical practitioner	4013
The Mets , the Braves and the Cardinals had all fired him .	The Mets , the Braves and the Cardinals had all fired the great believer .	complex_np:him:great believer	4014
Whenever I hear him , he makes me feel more white .	Whenever I hear the grand master , he makes me feel more white .	complex_np:him:grand master	4015
She telephoned Matta in Sardinia saying she could not return to him .	She telephoned Matta in Sardinia saying she could not return to the Republican leader .	complex_np:him:Republican leader	4017
Trying to decipher him is a futile effort .	Trying to decipher the revolutionary leader is a futile effort .	complex_np:him:revolutionary leader	4021
And that is what we want him to do .	And that is what we want the good customer to do .	complex_np:him:good customer	4022
The government is still trying to find him .	The government is still trying to find the Spanish cyclist .	complex_np:him:Spanish cyclist	4023
They called the fire service to help get him down .	They called the fire service to help get the former manager down .	complex_np:him:former manager	4024
The court also ordered him to pay  2,000 costs .	The court also ordered the other driver to pay  2,000 costs .	complex_np:him:other driver	4026
It took us a while to help him through that .	It took us a while to help the first winner through that .	complex_np:him:first winner	4028
I started to talk to her in the evenings .	I started to talk to the Christian leader in the evenings .	complex_np:her:Christian leader	4029
No trace was ever found of her .	No trace was ever found of the 17-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:17-year-old daughter	4030
Perhaps we will catch him next time .	Perhaps we will catch the elderly mother next time .	complex_np:him:elderly mother	4031
Lewis has visited her there twice .	Lewis has visited the prolific writer there twice .	complex_np:her:prolific writer	4033
Let her wait a moment longer .	Let the strong fighter wait a moment longer .	complex_np:her:strong fighter	4035
Clark County District Attorney David Roger asked Beardsley what Simpson said to him .	Clark County District Attorney David Roger asked Beardsley what Simpson said to the British composer .	complex_np:him:British composer	4036
That does not interest him .	That does not interest the environmental adviser .	complex_np:him:environmental adviser	4037
Motorists shake fists at him .	Motorists shake fists at the Foreign minister .	complex_np:him:Foreign minister	4038
Attempts to revive him failed .	Attempts to revive the serious contender failed .	complex_np:him:serious contender	4041
So I tried to get him back in .	So I tried to get the contemporary artist back in .	complex_np:him:contemporary artist	4042
None of the snakes bit him .	None of the snakes bit the maternal grandmother .	complex_np:him:maternal grandmother	4045
President Bush drew Latino voters to the GOP like no Republican before him .	President Bush drew Latino voters to the GOP like no Republican before the Swedish artist .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	4046
There were no further proceedings against him .	There were no further proceedings against the professional footballer .	complex_np:him:professional footballer	4047
Clinton has long resisted attempts to psychoanalyze her from afar .	Clinton has long resisted attempts to psychoanalyze the senior researcher from afar .	complex_np:her:senior researcher	4050
I think I have killed him , Nan .	I think I have killed the past goalkeeper , Nan .	complex_np:him:past goalkeeper	4052
He feared the decision had been made to kill him .	He feared the decision had been made to kill the veteran striker .	complex_np:him:veteran striker	4053
He then started a chainsaw and lay there while the fumes killed him .	He then started a chainsaw and lay there while the fumes killed the 15-game winner .	complex_np:him:15-game winner	4056
" " No wonder Spenser socked him .	" " No wonder Spenser socked the Chinese partner .	complex_np:him:Chinese partner	4059
A dermatologist was called in to examine her .	A dermatologist was called in to examine the English teacher .	complex_np:her:English teacher	4060
" Slap her , " one person said .	" Slap the former employer , " one person said .	complex_np:her:former employer	4061
And no one hit him with a pie .	And no one hit the missing adventurer with a pie .	complex_np:him:missing adventurer	4062
But right now we are trying to bring him back .	But right now we are trying to bring the international striker back .	complex_np:him:international striker	4063
The doom merchants looked to have the better of him .	The doom merchants looked to have the better of the former lawyer .	complex_np:him:former lawyer	4065
It was given to him by Joey Goldberg , an ailing friend .	It was given to the local journalist by Joey Goldberg , an ailing friend .	complex_np:him:local journalist	4066
That caused a firestorm that almost pushed him into resignation .	That caused a firestorm that almost pushed the animal lover into resignation .	complex_np:him:animal lover	4067
It is just not the same without her by my side .	It is just not the same without the French writer by my side .	complex_np:her:French writer	4068
But this is no game to her .	But this is no game to the international provider .	complex_np:her:international provider	4069
She said she had asked her not to bring them .	She said she had asked the amateur singer not to bring them .	complex_np:her:amateur singer	4070
She said absolutely , I love him .	She said absolutely , I love the fellow member .	complex_np:him:fellow member	4072
I asked him to write up a post about it .	I asked the stay-at-home mother to write up a post about it .	complex_np:him:stay-at-home mother	4076
We will not sue him .	We will not sue the medical officer .	complex_np:him:medical officer	4078
She will be greatly missed by all who knew her .	She will be greatly missed by all who knew the teenage mother .	complex_np:her:teenage mother	4079
That gave him pause .	That gave the strong leader pause .	complex_np:him:strong leader	4081
I will find her before that period is up .	I will find the DVD player before that period is up .	complex_np:her:DVD player	4082
They pledge loyalty to a political leader and then betray him .	They pledge loyalty to a political leader and then betray the German soldier .	complex_np:him:German soldier	4083
Let 's get the camera and interview him .	Let 's get the camera and interview the seventh player .	complex_np:him:seventh player	4084
" Take her , " Porky said .	" Take the British leader , " Porky said .	complex_np:her:British leader	4085
The wave then squashed us both and we lost him .	The wave then squashed us both and we lost the specific customer .	complex_np:him:specific customer	4086
But one coveted title eluded him : winemaker .	But one coveted title eluded the occupational therapist : winemaker .	complex_np:him:occupational therapist	4087
I even quoted Shakespeare at him .	I even quoted Shakespeare at the 14-year-old follower .	complex_np:him:14-year-old follower	4088
I just told him it comes with the territory .	I just told the deputy leader it comes with the territory .	complex_np:him:deputy leader	4090
I do not have any contact with him now .	I do not have any contact with the global producer now .	complex_np:him:global producer	4091
She would told him , but he could not remember .	She would told the graphic artist , but he could not remember .	complex_np:him:graphic artist	4095
I knew I could do something great with him .	I knew I could do something great with the operational commander .	complex_np:him:operational commander	4098
Indeed , it is rare that anything without those connections moves him .	Indeed , it is rare that anything without those connections moves the general partner .	complex_np:him:general partner	4099
Obviously the medicine might have proved dangerous to him .	Obviously the medicine might have proved dangerous to the veteran right-hander .	complex_np:him:veteran right-hander	4101
Or in a church explaining how faith keeps him grounded .	Or in a church explaining how faith keeps the senior strategist grounded .	complex_np:him:senior strategist	4103
The results indicated that the virus did not directly kill her .	The results indicated that the virus did not directly kill the would-be bomber .	complex_np:her:would-be bomber	4104
An autographed T-shirt was not good enough for him ?	An autographed T-shirt was not good enough for the long-term partner ?	complex_np:him:long-term partner	4105
The jury cleared him of having sex with an under-age girl .	The jury cleared the lyrical terrorist of having sex with an under-age girl .	complex_np:him:lyrical terrorist	4106
Get in there first and dump him ?	Get in there first and dump the Fast bowler ?	complex_np:him:Fast bowler	4107
What could have startled him ?	What could have startled the robust consumer ?	complex_np:him:robust consumer	4109
The Senate narrowly confirmed him last week , 53-40 .	The Senate narrowly confirmed the German tourist last week , 53-40 .	complex_np:him:German tourist	4110
I did not even speak to her .	I did not even speak to the key driver .	complex_np:her:key driver	4113
What is so special about him ?	What is so special about the conceptual artist ?	complex_np:him:conceptual artist	4115
And where is Tiny Tim when we need him ?	And where is Tiny Tim when we need the American sprinter ?	complex_np:him:American sprinter	4116
I do not worry about him .	I do not worry about the fellow prisoner .	complex_np:him:fellow prisoner	4117
But the alternative ending is too awful for him to contemplate .	But the alternative ending is too awful for the 5-year-old daughter to contemplate .	complex_np:him:5-year-old daughter	4118
I mean , it was him , all right .	I mean , it was the former lobbyist , all right .	complex_np:him:former lobbyist	4123
D. CHAPMAN : I have never met her .	D. CHAPMAN : I have never met the big believer .	complex_np:her:big believer	4126
I was screaming at him not to shoot me .	I was screaming at the first-time winner not to shoot me .	complex_np:him:first-time winner	4127
He is getting closer to her every day .	He is getting closer to the interim leader every day .	complex_np:her:interim leader	4128
But it was all he could think to tell her .	But it was all he could think to tell the sole provider .	complex_np:her:sole provider	4129
His twin brother died 11 days before him .	His twin brother died 11 days before the central banker .	complex_np:him:central banker	4131
Aides then would stop and review answers with him .	Aides then would stop and review answers with the American leader .	complex_np:him:American leader	4132
Can anyone stop her ?	Can anyone stop the worldwide customer ?	complex_np:her:worldwide customer	4136
Clinton was defining him , and he was not responding .	Clinton was defining the Chinese partner , and he was not responding .	complex_np:him:Chinese partner	4137
Under him , China undertakes far-reaching economic reforms .	Under the potential partner , China undertakes far-reaching economic reforms .	complex_np:him:potential partner	4138
Washington seemed to have little idea what to do with him .	Washington seemed to have little idea what to do with the main challenger .	complex_np:him:main challenger	4140
I certainly had not written much about her .	I certainly had not written much about the other customer .	complex_np:her:other customer	4141
Last March Gen Musharraf suspended him .	Last March Gen Musharraf suspended the temporary driver .	complex_np:him:temporary driver	4145
He shot him next with Ms. Murphy .	He shot the British rocker next with Ms. Murphy .	complex_np:him:British rocker	4146
Law enforcement officials see him as a lost soul .	Law enforcement officials see the professional dancer as a lost soul .	complex_np:him:professional dancer	4147
But the failure has made him want it more .	But the failure has made the powerful leader want it more .	complex_np:him:powerful leader	4148
" It will not be a problem for him , " Newsome said .	" It will not be a problem for the potential employer , " Newsome said .	complex_np:him:potential employer	4149
I believe in him .	I believe in the average worker .	complex_np:him:average worker	4152
Teach a man to fish , and you feed him for a lifetime .	Teach a man to fish , and you feed the Republican pollster for a lifetime .	complex_np:him:Republican pollster	4153
The search for him began about six hours later , Ryan said .	The search for the fourth player began about six hours later , Ryan said .	complex_np:him:fourth player	4154
They accused him of corruption and authoritarian rule .	They accused the global player of corruption and authoritarian rule .	complex_np:him:global player	4155
I do not feel animosity towards him .	I do not feel animosity towards the private owner .	complex_np:him:private owner	4156
I rubbed his leg to reassure him .	I rubbed his leg to reassure the local volunteer .	complex_np:him:local volunteer	4159
My first date was Jamie , and I still adore him .	My first date was Jamie , and I still adore the Hindu nationalist .	complex_np:him:Hindu nationalist	4160
She is pleasingly unsentimental about the system that failed her .	She is pleasingly unsentimental about the system that failed the innovative provider .	complex_np:her:innovative provider	4163
I am going to miss her .	I am going to miss the deputy leader .	complex_np:her:deputy leader	4165
The crowd roared to see her .	The crowd roared to see the eldest daughter .	complex_np:her:eldest daughter	4166
They later gave evidence against him .	They later gave evidence against the local farmer .	complex_np:him:local farmer	4168
That would not necessarily preclude him from a February return .	That would not necessarily preclude the chief lobbyist from a February return .	complex_np:him:chief lobbyist	4169
It seemed like he really liked her .	It seemed like he really liked the steady leader .	complex_np:her:steady leader	4170
I was thoroughly confused about how entitled I was to hate him .	I was thoroughly confused about how entitled I was to hate the foreign minister .	complex_np:him:foreign minister	4172
He adored the grandchildren and we all miss him so .	He adored the grandchildren and we all miss the good listener so .	complex_np:him:good listener	4173
People hated him .	People hated the Republican activist .	complex_np:him:Republican activist	4175
I understand him and I will follow his orders .	I understand the first winner and I will follow his orders .	complex_np:him:first winner	4176
It was her .	It was the independent voter .	complex_np:her:independent voter	4178
Tony , I would describe him as a motivator .	Tony , I would describe the second officer as a motivator .	complex_np:him:second officer	4179
The Mets stayed in first place without him .	The Mets stayed in first place without the founding father .	complex_np:him:founding father	4180
Not incidentally , the orchestra played magnificently for him .	Not incidentally , the orchestra played magnificently for the private employer .	complex_np:him:private employer	4182
We are hoping that happens with him .	We are hoping that happens with the ailing leader .	complex_np:him:ailing leader	4185
And I am crazy for riding her .	And I am crazy for riding the gay activist .	complex_np:her:gay activist	4187
I 'll defend him on that score .	I 'll defend the good leader on that score .	complex_np:him:good leader	4189
Without him we could not do that .	Without the 9-year-old daughter we could not do that .	complex_np:him:9-year-old daughter	4190
He added that Taylor 's infant daughter has changed him .	He added that Taylor 's infant daughter has changed the Dutch striker .	complex_np:him:Dutch striker	4192
Reader , I met him .	Reader , I met the presidential contender .	complex_np:him:presidential contender	4193
" He is still breathing , " a medic assured him .	" He is still breathing , " a medic assured the white supremacist .	complex_np:him:white supremacist	4194
Mr. Schwartz 's and Ms. Savage 's involvement helped put her at ease .	Mr. Schwartz 's and Ms. Savage 's involvement helped put the Democratic strategist at ease .	complex_np:her:Democratic strategist	4195
Whoever finds him will help all of us .	Whoever finds the correctional officer will help all of us .	complex_np:him:correctional officer	4196
The police trail him .	The police trail the naval commander .	complex_np:him:naval commander	4197
Mark Reynolds held up at second and Montero caught up to him .	Mark Reynolds held up at second and Montero caught up to the male artist .	complex_np:him:male artist	4199
But his clients like him because he generally gets them good contracts .	But his clients like the dominant player because he generally gets them good contracts .	complex_np:him:dominant player	4200
I have known him since he was 14 or 15 .	I have known the technical writer since he was 14 or 15 .	complex_np:him:technical writer	4201
He always wanted me to pay him .	He always wanted me to pay the independent filmmaker .	complex_np:him:independent filmmaker	4203
Drafted him in Indiana .	Drafted the professional footballer in Indiana .	complex_np:him:professional footballer	4205
The guys chasing him need to find another gear .	The guys chasing the Dutch striker need to find another gear .	complex_np:him:Dutch striker	4207
The Knicks called him questionable .	The Knicks called the front passenger questionable .	complex_np:him:front passenger	4208
I always have to threaten him .	I always have to threaten the Swedish cartoonist .	complex_np:him:Swedish cartoonist	4210
The arms dealer has a rangy , mangy look to him .	The arms dealer has a rangy , mangy look to the deputy coroner .	complex_np:him:deputy coroner	4211
When she did , she did not hector him .	When she did , she did not hector the authorized user .	complex_np:him:authorized user	4216
Subsequent efforts to reach him failed .	Subsequent efforts to reach the prime mover failed .	complex_np:him:prime mover	4217
Something to focus him .	Something to focus the marine biologist .	complex_np:him:marine biologist	4218
On Wednesday , Selph told AP a gag order prevents her from commenting .	On Wednesday , Selph told AP a gag order prevents the armed robber from commenting .	complex_np:her:armed robber	4219
He urged Venezuelans to see vote as a referendum on him .	He urged Venezuelans to see vote as a referendum on the vice minister .	complex_np:him:vice minister	4220
Surely his personal life will take him down .	Surely his personal life will take the foster mother down .	complex_np:him:foster mother	4221
One gave him a watch .	One gave the 22-year-old daughter a watch .	complex_np:him:22-year-old daughter	4222
Aides , however , contradicted him .	Aides , however , contradicted the lead guitarist .	complex_np:him:lead guitarist	4223
Mr Fukuda replaced him with an ally .	Mr Fukuda replaced the Presbyterian minister with an ally .	complex_np:him:Presbyterian minister	4224
Tentative evidence from the field supports him .	Tentative evidence from the field supports the deputy manager .	complex_np:him:deputy manager	4226
" Her father was so proud of her , " he said .	" Her father was so proud of the exclusive provider , " he said .	complex_np:her:exclusive provider	4227
But Citigroup has also expressed interest in him .	But Citigroup has also expressed interest in the naval commander .	complex_np:him:naval commander	4228
They paid him more than $ 100 , he said .	They paid the residential customer more than $ 100 , he said .	complex_np:him:residential customer	4232
I want him to sign it .	I want the central banker to sign it .	complex_np:him:central banker	4234
, gave him a nod .	, gave the top adviser a nod .	complex_np:him:top adviser	4235
Efforts to revive her failed .	Efforts to revive the teenage mother failed .	complex_np:her:teenage mother	4236
He raped her .	He raped the planetary scientist .	complex_np:her:planetary scientist	4237
'You cannot help but admire her .	'You cannot help but admire the true believer .	complex_np:her:true believer	4238
They do not stop for her .	They do not stop for the Prime minister .	complex_np:her:Prime minister	4239
Have you asked him ?	Have you asked the Italian designer ?	complex_np:him:Italian designer	4240
" I want him to succeed , " Mr. Leahy said .	" I want the chief lawyer to succeed , " Mr. Leahy said .	complex_np:him:chief lawyer	4241
Compare him with ( Derek ) Jeter .	Compare the independent provider with ( Derek ) Jeter .	complex_np:him:independent provider	4242
She may have even loved him .	She may have even loved the current consumer .	complex_np:him:current consumer	4243
He would keep tabs on her every move .	He would keep tabs on the former member every move .	complex_np:her:former member	4245
I was just trying to get him to loosen up a little bit .	I was just trying to get the chief technologist to loosen up a little bit .	complex_np:him:chief technologist	4246
He would better not be counting on her this year .	He would better not be counting on the potential employer this year .	complex_np:her:potential employer	4247
Bradley got away from Meacham , but Black grabbed him by the jersey .	Bradley got away from Meacham , but Black grabbed the national leader by the jersey .	complex_np:him:national leader	4250
BIDEN : The truth is I do not know anything about him .	BIDEN : The truth is I do not know anything about the corporate lawyer .	complex_np:him:corporate lawyer	4255
I ask her , pointing at the mat .	I ask the longtime adviser , pointing at the mat .	complex_np:her:longtime adviser	4256
I wish him and his wife Lady Campbell well .	I wish the French artist and his wife Lady Campbell well .	complex_np:him:French artist	4257
I would not consider him an advocate of instant replay .	I would not consider the Republican challenger an advocate of instant replay .	complex_np:him:Republican challenger	4258
He says Mr Fitzgerald told him not to say anything .	He says Mr Fitzgerald told the new driver not to say anything .	complex_np:him:new driver	4259
Police said they 'll charge him when he is released .	Police said they 'll charge the former prisoner when he is released .	complex_np:him:former prisoner	4261
They can hardly ignore him now .	They can hardly ignore the European leader now .	complex_np:him:European leader	4264
" Very considerate of her , " he said .	" Very considerate of the new designer , " he said .	complex_np:her:new designer	4265
His wife Julie helped him through it .	His wife Julie helped the young mother through it .	complex_np:him:young mother	4269
It is unclear whether Pakistanis will let him keep it .	It is unclear whether Pakistanis will let the Lead researcher keep it .	complex_np:him:Lead researcher	4270
Then the defenses tee off on him .	Then the defenses tee off on the DVD player .	complex_np:him:DVD player	4272
By June , four Republican challengers had announced campaigns to unseat him .	By June , four Republican challengers had announced campaigns to unseat the military officer .	complex_np:him:military officer	4273
Former finance minister Marek Belka succeeds him .	Former finance minister Marek Belka succeeds the current leader .	complex_np:him:current leader	4276
Of course , Wharton has been good to him too .	Of course , Wharton has been good to the strategic bomber too .	complex_np:him:strategic bomber	4277
If he does not quit , we will kill him .	If he does not quit , we will kill the residential customer .	complex_np:him:residential customer	4278
The decision tormented him for the rest of his life .	The decision tormented the Japanese consumer for the rest of his life .	complex_np:him:Japanese consumer	4279
When she went to separate him she got a shock .	When she went to separate the top adviser she got a shock .	complex_np:him:top adviser	4282
Now it is time we help her .	Now it is time we help the diverse customer .	complex_np:her:diverse customer	4286
Her supporters say the government did not do enough to protect her .	Her supporters say the government did not do enough to protect the five-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:five-year-old daughter	4287
But she felt MGM ultimately failed her .	But she felt MGM ultimately failed the amateur singer .	complex_np:her:amateur singer	4289
We would not let him .	We would not let the good lawyer .	complex_np:him:good lawyer	4290
The confrontation with Harkins and Nolting brought out the combativeness in him .	The confrontation with Harkins and Nolting brought out the combativeness in the Baptist minister .	complex_np:him:Baptist minister	4293
That is why I like him as a player .	That is why I like the British designer as a player .	complex_np:him:British designer	4294
" We have to keep going , for her , " he said .	" We have to keep going , for the new lawyer , " he said .	complex_np:her:new lawyer	4295
As Murphy spoke , Johnson avoided eye contact with her .	As Murphy spoke , Johnson avoided eye contact with the political activist .	complex_np:her:political activist	4298
" You should know about her , " he said .	" You should know about the Basque separatist , " he said .	complex_np:her:Basque separatist	4299
He said I was not good enough for her .	He said I was not good enough for the ranking member .	complex_np:her:ranking member	4300
There is at once a nurtured innocence and a natural toughness about her .	There is at once a nurtured innocence and a natural toughness about the independent producer .	complex_np:her:independent producer	4304
Could anyone ever have found him beautiful ?	Could anyone ever have found the Open winner beautiful ?	complex_np:him:Open winner	4306
At 6 feet 6 , he is head-and-shoulders taller than anyone around him .	At 6 feet 6 , he is head-and-shoulders taller than anyone around the main challenger .	complex_np:him:main challenger	4307
It shocked him as well .	It shocked the residential customer as well .	complex_np:him:residential customer	4308
This did not please him .	This did not please the British composer .	complex_np:him:British composer	4310
I suppose I cannot entirely blame him .	I suppose I cannot entirely blame the former tourist .	complex_np:him:former tourist	4311
And I am more than happy to take him .	And I am more than happy to take the pregnant mother .	complex_np:him:pregnant mother	4312
It took him two weeks to make the trip .	It took the Tory leader two weeks to make the trip .	complex_np:him:Tory leader	4313
He said he planned to speak with Pettitte but would not pressure him .	He said he planned to speak with Pettitte but would not pressure the Total consumer .	complex_np:him:Total consumer	4315
And what do you call him ?	And what do you call the eventual game-winner ?	complex_np:him:eventual game-winner	4317
That is in him .	That is in the respected member .	complex_np:him:respected member	4318
He wanted to battle with him .	He wanted to battle with the prolific writer .	complex_np:him:prolific writer	4319
She told him she thought nobody cared .	She told the 16-year-old sister she thought nobody cared .	complex_np:him:16-year-old sister	4320
I can still see her .	I can still see the single father .	complex_np:her:single father	4321
And get you to tell him things .	And get you to tell the lucky loser things .	complex_np:him:lucky loser	4323
Mr. Schnabel told her tersely to follow the script .	Mr. Schnabel told the Celtic striker tersely to follow the script .	complex_np:her:Celtic striker	4324
We are all behind him .	We are all behind the major producer .	complex_np:him:major producer	4325
But police did not have enough evidence to actually charge him .	But police did not have enough evidence to actually charge the civilian leader .	complex_np:him:civilian leader	4326
" I wish her the best , " Jones said .	" I wish the British researcher the best , " Jones said .	complex_np:her:British researcher	4327
That prompts a competing request for sympathy from Larry to her .	That prompts a competing request for sympathy from Larry to the Scottish singer .	complex_np:her:Scottish singer	4328
And Davis the congressman is running hard for her .	And Davis the congressman is running hard for the interior minister .	complex_np:her:interior minister	4329
A traffic policeman shouted at him to stop .	A traffic policeman shouted at the elderly father to stop .	complex_np:him:elderly father	4331
I do not blame him .	I do not blame the military commander .	complex_np:him:military commander	4332
I cannot remember if I ever missed her .	I cannot remember if I ever missed the founding partner .	complex_np:her:founding partner	4333
But the legal shadow haunts him .	But the legal shadow haunts the first-time winner .	complex_np:him:first-time winner	4334
I have no hesitation putting him in tomorrow .	I have no hesitation putting the year-old daughter in tomorrow .	complex_np:him:year-old daughter	4335
I think it is rather logical ( for him ) .	I think it is rather logical ( for the Lead researcher ) .	complex_np:him:Lead researcher	4336
That is what I told him .	That is what I told the Soviet leader .	complex_np:him:Soviet leader	4337
Switaj 's parents have been taking care of him .	Switaj 's parents have been taking care of the Georgian leader .	complex_np:him:Georgian leader	4338
" But I have not heard back from him , " she said .	" But I have not heard back from the black lawyer , " she said .	complex_np:him:black lawyer	4342
He greeted her .	He greeted the juvenile offender .	complex_np:her:juvenile offender	4343
But the Cowboys supplied enough heat to make him wilt .	But the Cowboys supplied enough heat to make the naval officer wilt .	complex_np:him:naval officer	4344
Watch for him to take that next step this season .	Watch for the longtime owner to take that next step this season .	complex_np:him:longtime owner	4347
I support him fervently , whether he is right or wrong .	I support the African leader fervently , whether he is right or wrong .	complex_np:him:African leader	4349
They survive him .	They survive the fantastic player .	complex_np:him:fantastic player	4350
She remained in the cave for hours before rescuers eventually found her .	She remained in the cave for hours before rescuers eventually found the American manufacturer .	complex_np:her:American manufacturer	4352
And then security grabs Tommy Lee in a headlock and pulls him off .	And then security grabs Tommy Lee in a headlock and pulls the 36-year-old rapper off .	complex_np:him:36-year-old rapper	4353
This makes him incredibly entertaining , and kind of charming .	This makes the general manager incredibly entertaining , and kind of charming .	complex_np:him:general manager	4354
Time for her to rise once more .	Time for the single member to rise once more .	complex_np:her:single member	4355
Would a newspaper persuade him ?	Would a newspaper persuade the national winner ?	complex_np:him:national winner	4356
Tell him where I attended services ?	Tell the overall winner where I attended services ?	complex_np:him:overall winner	4358
And who can blame her ?	And who can blame the Democratic member ?	complex_np:her:Democratic member	4362
But his days on New York City 's islands intoxicate him .	But his days on New York City 's islands intoxicate the unidentified officer .	complex_np:him:unidentified officer	4363
I think we have identified the right person for him .	I think we have identified the right person for the great leader .	complex_np:him:great leader	4365
Jacobson told him to knock it off .	Jacobson told the pro-democracy leader to knock it off .	complex_np:him:pro-democracy leader	4366
Still a productive slugger , but who wants him ?	Still a productive slugger , but who wants the top performer ?	complex_np:him:top performer	4369
Let her be .	Let the former soldier be .	complex_np:her:former soldier	4370
But not all are taken with him .	But not all are taken with the veteran right-hander .	complex_np:him:veteran right-hander	4371
We idolised him and he idolised us .	We idolised the Swedish artist and he idolised us .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	4372
I had not spoken to her in years .	I had not spoken to the independent provider in years .	complex_np:her:independent provider	4373
Berry said eliminating insurance paperwork saves him time and money .	Berry said eliminating insurance paperwork saves the Democratic challenger time and money .	complex_np:him:Democratic challenger	4374
So - head him off the pass .	So - head the Italian designer off the pass .	complex_np:him:Italian designer	4375
" I trust him , " Cook said .	" I trust the strong supporter , " Cook said .	complex_np:him:strong supporter	4376
First of all that such an accusation could be made against her .	First of all that such an accusation could be made against the teenage mother .	complex_np:her:teenage mother	4377
Attempts to reach him were not successful .	Attempts to reach the prime mover were not successful .	complex_np:him:prime mover	4379
Mr. Bush cut him off .	Mr. Bush cut the French lawyer off .	complex_np:him:French lawyer	4380
That is what kind of inspired her to enjoy art .	That is what kind of inspired the straight shooter to enjoy art .	complex_np:her:straight shooter	4382
A few times , he ignored my attempts to interrupt him altogether .	A few times , he ignored my attempts to interrupt the athletic trainer altogether .	complex_np:him:athletic trainer	4384
I am going to have to corner him a little bit .	I am going to have to corner the true leader a little bit .	complex_np:him:true leader	4386
Her good advice caught his attention and he contacted her .	Her good advice caught his attention and he contacted the German officer .	complex_np:her:German officer	4387
But to have him executed really does us no good .	But to have the serial rapist executed really does us no good .	complex_np:him:serial rapist	4388
I got one more move I am going to give him .	I got one more move I am going to give the musical partner .	complex_np:him:musical partner	4391
Simpson screamed at him .	Simpson screamed at the athletic trainer .	complex_np:him:athletic trainer	4392
I joined him at what is now InterActiveCorp .	I joined the paternal grandfather at what is now InterActiveCorp .	complex_np:him:paternal grandfather	4395
The gang has not forgiven him for leaving .	The gang has not forgiven the surrogate father for leaving .	complex_np:him:surrogate father	4396
What had Miss Skattergoods told him ?	What had Miss Skattergoods told the investigative reporter ?	complex_np:him:investigative reporter	4397
They regarded him as uncle figure .	They regarded the militant Islamist as uncle figure .	complex_np:him:militant Islamist	4398
I was a couple of rows behind him on the plane .	I was a couple of rows behind the Socialist leader on the plane .	complex_np:him:Socialist leader	4402
I do not know why this has happened to her .	I do not know why this has happened to the French lawyer .	complex_np:her:French lawyer	4406
Emergency workers were unable to revive her .	Emergency workers were unable to revive the solo artist .	complex_np:her:solo artist	4407
Sent him a couple flowers .	Sent the senior officer a couple flowers .	complex_np:him:senior officer	4409
" Great job , " Ross said Coughlin told him .	" Great job , " Ross said Coughlin told the former owner .	complex_np:him:former owner	4410
I recognised her straight away .	I recognised the casual observer straight away .	complex_np:her:casual observer	4411
Opponents are hitting .313 against him this season .	Opponents are hitting .313 against the creative officer this season .	complex_np:him:creative officer	4412
It does not seem to be stopping him .	It does not seem to be stopping the global producer .	complex_np:him:global producer	4414
It was his fourth meeting with him , Perino said .	It was his fourth meeting with the big believer , Perino said .	complex_np:him:big believer	4415
Suppressing bitterness is not easy for her .	Suppressing bitterness is not easy for the noncommissioned officer .	complex_np:her:noncommissioned officer	4416
We needed him today , and he came through .	We needed the French defender today , and he came through .	complex_np:him:French defender	4417
Candidates are scurrying to return Hsu 's money and distance themselves from him .	Candidates are scurrying to return Hsu 's money and distance themselves from the prime mover .	complex_np:him:prime mover	4419
Naturally , she is too intimidated to tell him .	Naturally , she is too intimidated to tell the first leader .	complex_np:him:first leader	4420
Several Palestinian officials accused Israel of poisoning him .	Several Palestinian officials accused Israel of poisoning the long-distance runner .	complex_np:him:long-distance runner	4421
And we do not need any more from him .	And we do not need any more from the hooded robber .	complex_np:him:hooded robber	4422
Was White growing tired of her ?	Was White growing tired of the Democratic member ?	complex_np:her:Democratic member	4423
The order does not give him a stay of execution .	The order does not give the teenage mother a stay of execution .	complex_np:him:teenage mother	4424
The government issued her with a seven-day detention order .	The government issued the worldwide leader with a seven-day detention order .	complex_np:her:worldwide leader	4425
That seems to be behind her now , however .	That seems to be behind the fifth player now , however .	complex_np:her:fifth player	4426
Her son , Rajiv , succeeded her .	Her son , Rajiv , succeeded the co-executive producer .	complex_np:her:co-executive producer	4427
We just wanted to give him a name .	We just wanted to give the talented player a name .	complex_np:him:talented player	4428
His father has also beaten her .	His father has also beaten the original owner .	complex_np:her:original owner	4429
The meds give him tremors .	The meds give the little brother tremors .	complex_np:him:little brother	4431
Daniel Okrent heard about him from David Margolick .	Daniel Okrent heard about the good teacher from David Margolick .	complex_np:him:good teacher	4432
Imagine the turmoil within her .	Imagine the turmoil within the Total consumer .	complex_np:her:Total consumer	4433
The man who knocked her over was never traced .	The man who knocked the female driver over was never traced .	complex_np:her:female driver	4434
Police are urging her to contact them .	Police are urging the British toddler to contact them .	complex_np:her:British toddler	4436
He cautiously looked behind him .	He cautiously looked behind the good lawyer .	complex_np:him:good lawyer	4437
He says the two strong women influence and teach him every day .	He says the two strong women influence and teach the online auctioneer every day .	complex_np:him:online auctioneer	4438
I watch him .	I watch the regional manager .	complex_np:him:regional manager	4440
It only got him so far .	It only got the independent provider so far .	complex_np:him:independent provider	4443
I missed her already .	I missed the romantic partner already .	complex_np:her:romantic partner	4444
- who is determined to bring him down .	- who is determined to bring the fourth player down .	complex_np:him:fourth player	4447
So I let him down once .	So I let the Christian activist down once .	complex_np:him:Christian activist	4448
She promises to bring him right back .	She promises to bring the global developer right back .	complex_np:him:global developer	4449
No one should pay attention or listen to him .	No one should pay attention or listen to the deputy commissioner .	complex_np:him:deputy commissioner	4450
Holly , Heidi remembers , thanked her .	Holly , Heidi remembers , thanked the massive insider .	complex_np:her:massive insider	4452
And then I never saw her again .	And then I never saw the world-class player again .	complex_np:her:world-class player	4453
Kid Rock certainly makes it easy for people to underestimate him .	Kid Rock certainly makes it easy for people to underestimate the French painter .	complex_np:him:French painter	4454
But having familiar faces around him helps .	But having familiar faces around the local developer helps .	complex_np:him:local developer	4455
Her boyfriend beats her .	Her boyfriend beats the major exporter .	complex_np:her:major exporter	4457
" I would have stopped him , " Dayday said .	" I would have stopped the foreign minister , " Dayday said .	complex_np:him:foreign minister	4458
As a young person I was very influenced by him .	As a young person I was very influenced by the investigative journalist .	complex_np:him:investigative journalist	4461
He said she made an illegal U-turn trying to evade him .	He said she made an illegal U-turn trying to evade the vocal supporter .	complex_np:him:vocal supporter	4462
" " I have got a pretty good record against him .	" " I have got a pretty good record against the former co-worker .	complex_np:him:former co-worker	4463
But the leaders of the Christian conservative movement have not rallied to him .	But the leaders of the Christian conservative movement have not rallied to the top player .	complex_np:him:top player	4465
Briggs said that the accident had changed him .	Briggs said that the accident had changed the good hitter .	complex_np:him:good hitter	4466
Should I just ignore her completely ?	Should I just ignore the Polish teenager completely ?	complex_np:her:Polish teenager	4468
But I wanted to BE him .	But I wanted to BE the serial rapist .	complex_np:him:serial rapist	4469
Has anyone actually asked him to resign ?	Has anyone actually asked the senior lawyer to resign ?	complex_np:him:senior lawyer	4471
Southworth always says Ala 'a picked him , not the other way around .	Southworth always says Ala 'a picked the independent provider , not the other way around .	complex_np:him:independent provider	4472
How could someone do that to her ?	How could someone do that to the great artist ?	complex_np:her:great artist	4474
Her mother called her to dinner .	Her mother called the young teacher to dinner .	complex_np:her:young teacher	4475
It is hard to sit still when White sings , especially for her .	It is hard to sit still when White sings , especially for the female officer .	complex_np:her:female officer	4476
She told him what Braddy had done .	She told the reputed mobster what Braddy had done .	complex_np:him:reputed mobster	4477
Lucky for him he was not in Saudi Arabia .	Lucky for the 42-year-old mother he was not in Saudi Arabia .	complex_np:him:42-year-old mother	4478
In a terrible way this fantasy consoled him .	In a terrible way this fantasy consoled the regional officer .	complex_np:him:regional officer	4480
But many Christian conservatives still regard him as a maverick .	But many Christian conservatives still regard the backup catcher as a maverick .	complex_np:him:backup catcher	4482
I am waiting for him in London .	I am waiting for the Baptist preacher in London .	complex_np:him:Baptist preacher	4484
That is put him in a tough situation .	That is put the little brother in a tough situation .	complex_np:him:little brother	4485
The authorities have provided two armed policemen to protect him .	The authorities have provided two armed policemen to protect the overall winner .	complex_np:him:overall winner	4486
You should teach him .	You should teach the political player .	complex_np:him:political player	4488
" It is what makes him tick , " Farrell said .	" It is what makes the other sister tick , " Farrell said .	complex_np:him:other sister	4489
He said only a leg amputation would keep him out .	He said only a leg amputation would keep the widowed mother out .	complex_np:him:widowed mother	4491
The next day , the investigators returned to question him further .	The next day , the investigators returned to question the investigative reporter further .	complex_np:him:investigative reporter	4492
She is afraid the stress of tests would upset him .	She is afraid the stress of tests would upset the 9-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:9-year-old daughter	4498
But most of this has come from him .	But most of this has come from the French teacher .	complex_np:him:French teacher	4499
It changed him , as well .	It changed the lead researcher , as well .	complex_np:him:lead researcher	4500
Use her .	Use the German automaker .	complex_np:her:German automaker	4501
I follow her out across the yard .	I follow the British singer-songwriter out across the yard .	complex_np:her:British singer-songwriter	4502
Mr. Mays corrected him .	Mr. Mays corrected the net importer .	complex_np:him:net importer	4504
And for him , that means looking stern and dismissive of Roh .	And for the top-ranked player , that means looking stern and dismissive of Roh .	complex_np:him:top-ranked player	4508
But it is more about him than it is some others .	But it is more about the Swedish cartoonist than it is some others .	complex_np:him:Swedish cartoonist	4509
This could be it for him .	This could be it for the top seller .	complex_np:him:top seller	4512
We thought about taking him to Iran .	We thought about taking the documentary filmmaker to Iran .	complex_np:him:documentary filmmaker	4513
I thought I better get him on my team .	I thought I better get the anonymous caller on my team .	complex_np:him:anonymous caller	4515
Displease him and the wilderness beckons .	Displease the former manager and the wilderness beckons .	complex_np:him:former manager	4516
I want to see her become a doctor or engineer .	I want to see the dry cleaner become a doctor or engineer .	complex_np:her:dry cleaner	4517
When Lindsay arrived , Parker addressed him by his real name .	When Lindsay arrived , Parker addressed the investigative reporter by his real name .	complex_np:him:investigative reporter	4518
He was acquitted of stalking her .	He was acquitted of stalking the young driver .	complex_np:her:young driver	4519
Murkowski gave him a hug .	Murkowski gave the young admirer a hug .	complex_np:him:young admirer	4520
We are expecting big things from him .	We are expecting big things from the embattled leader .	complex_np:him:embattled leader	4521
It is hugely disappointing for him and for us .	It is hugely disappointing for the big seller and for us .	complex_np:him:big seller	4523
He quashed the corruption cases against her .	He quashed the corruption cases against the spiritual leader .	complex_np:her:spiritual leader	4524
The plans for him , however , were uncertain .	The plans for the 36-year-old rapper , however , were uncertain .	complex_np:him:36-year-old rapper	4526
The local Conservative association called on him to stand down .	The local Conservative association called on the 8-year-old daughter to stand down .	complex_np:him:8-year-old daughter	4527
It served him well - until the sixth inning .	It served the personal shopper well - until the sixth inning .	complex_np:him:personal shopper	4528
These principles have produced three short-term imperatives for him .	These principles have produced three short-term imperatives for the English teacher .	complex_np:him:English teacher	4529
Wilson said he felt bad for her .	Wilson said he felt bad for the overnight leader .	complex_np:her:overnight leader	4530
Giuliani fired her shortly afterward .	Giuliani fired the Republican voter shortly afterward .	complex_np:her:Republican voter	4532
Two witnesses detained him inside a shop until police arrived .	Two witnesses detained the first daughter inside a shop until police arrived .	complex_np:him:first daughter	4533
We need him healthy .	We need the foreign fighter healthy .	complex_np:him:foreign fighter	4536
I could well imagine England getting a fresh start with him .	I could well imagine England getting a fresh start with the Celtic striker .	complex_np:him:Celtic striker	4539
Hunter obviously was surprised the Angels were even interested in him .	Hunter obviously was surprised the Angels were even interested in the acting leader .	complex_np:him:acting leader	4540
I want her to do better than me .	I want the acting leader to do better than me .	complex_np:her:acting leader	4541
But Rodriguez 's first two uncomfortable at-bats will stick with him .	But Rodriguez 's first two uncomfortable at-bats will stick with the would-be bomber .	complex_np:him:would-be bomber	4542
The teacher paced back and forth , trying to avoid him .	The teacher paced back and forth , trying to avoid the active player .	complex_np:him:active player	4543
He should be blaming his predecessor not copying him .	He should be blaming his predecessor not copying the main provider .	complex_np:him:main provider	4544
" I AM happy , " Lynn assures her .	" I AM happy , " Lynn assures the young driver .	complex_np:her:young driver	4546
I am sitting here because I love him .	I am sitting here because I love the former lawmaker .	complex_np:him:former lawmaker	4549
SMITH : Khaalil says she just wants to put this behind her .	SMITH : Khaalil says she just wants to put this behind the left fielder .	complex_np:her:left fielder	4550
On Simon 's birthday I bought him a card .	On Simon 's birthday I bought the spiritual adviser a card .	complex_np:him:spiritual adviser	4551
Saw him do it for Durham a few times .	Saw the world-class player do it for Durham a few times .	complex_np:him:world-class player	4552
But we miss her .	But we miss the good teacher .	complex_np:her:good teacher	4553
A telephone listing for him could not be found .	A telephone listing for the private owner could not be found .	complex_np:him:private owner	4556
I bid him good night and dug in .	I bid the Chinese partner good night and dug in .	complex_np:him:Chinese partner	4558
Mike Huckabee explains why other candidates have started attacking him .	Mike Huckabee explains why other candidates have started attacking the active leader .	complex_np:him:active leader	4559
But Alex Salmond had other Christmas crackers thrown at him .	But Alex Salmond had other Christmas crackers thrown at the Greek runner .	complex_np:him:Greek runner	4560
She told him the police were on the phone .	She told the longtime partner the police were on the phone .	complex_np:him:longtime partner	4561
His father brought him up with biblical spare-the-rod-and-spoil-the-child ferocity .	His father brought the defensive midfielder up with biblical spare-the-rod-and-spoil-the-child ferocity .	complex_np:him:defensive midfielder	4562
A theater group for street children spotted her .	A theater group for street children spotted the other partner .	complex_np:her:other partner	4563
Laker management supported him .	Laker management supported the Democratic frontrunner .	complex_np:him:Democratic frontrunner	4564
We are very excited to have him step into this critical role .	We are very excited to have the reliable partner step into this critical role .	complex_np:him:reliable partner	4565
When they were finished , Ms. Wabulasa said , they shot him anyway .	When they were finished , Ms. Wabulasa said , they shot the key adviser anyway .	complex_np:him:key adviser	4566
I thought I was losing him .	I thought I was losing the Turkish fighter .	complex_np:him:Turkish fighter	4567
And an inspiration to those of us who knew and loved her .	And an inspiration to those of us who knew and loved the great admirer .	complex_np:her:great admirer	4568
Told him he was twisted inside .	Told the central defender he was twisted inside .	complex_np:him:central defender	4569
I do not want to move on without her .	I do not want to move on without the Japanese photographer .	complex_np:her:Japanese photographer	4570
Why not put her in a home ?	Why not put the Yugoslav leader in a home ?	complex_np:her:Yugoslav leader	4571
Ms. Napier looked at her .	Ms. Napier looked at the strong supporter .	complex_np:her:strong supporter	4572
Get her .	Get the offensive player .	complex_np:her:offensive player	4574
Trouble is , 80 million others are right behind her .	Trouble is , 80 million others are right behind the winning trainer .	complex_np:her:winning trainer	4575
I have never heard her complain about it .	I have never heard the 42-year-old mother complain about it .	complex_np:her:42-year-old mother	4576
I could not rely on him for a thing .	I could not rely on the chief technologist for a thing .	complex_np:him:chief technologist	4577
A colleague took him away .	A colleague took the marine biologist away .	complex_np:him:marine biologist	4579
Behind him two fans from Worcestershire were discussing the meaning of defeat .	Behind the national broadcaster two fans from Worcestershire were discussing the meaning of defeat .	complex_np:him:national broadcaster	4580
Watts said Spires told her about the trip .	Watts said Spires told the late winner about the trip .	complex_np:her:late winner	4582
He shot him twice .	He shot the true leader twice .	complex_np:him:true leader	4583
But it counted to him .	But it counted to the Spanish striker .	complex_np:him:Spanish striker	4586
Should we have him neutered first ?	Should we have the top automaker neutered first ?	complex_np:him:top automaker	4587
The book has him chain-smoking .	The book has the overall winner chain-smoking .	complex_np:him:overall winner	4593
I have also watched him change .	I have also watched the biological mother change .	complex_np:him:biological mother	4596
We had to lock her in the house at night .	We had to lock the other partner in the house at night .	complex_np:her:other partner	4600
There would be no Prince , and no George Clinton without him .	There would be no Prince , and no George Clinton without the French tourist .	complex_np:him:French tourist	4601
It works for her every time !	It works for the strong consumer every time !	complex_np:her:strong consumer	4603
Seeking to create an equally eclectic mix was a priority for him .	Seeking to create an equally eclectic mix was a priority for the Republican strategist .	complex_np:him:Republican strategist	4604
And oh how we love him for that !	And oh how we love the offensive player for that !	complex_np:him:offensive player	4605
I could tell him anything .	I could tell the fifth player anything .	complex_np:him:fifth player	4607
But how much less could they offer Torre without insulting him ?	But how much less could they offer Torre without insulting the true believer ?	complex_np:him:true believer	4608
Some saluted him .	Some saluted the new consumer .	complex_np:him:new consumer	4609
I just wanted to get her to laugh .	I just wanted to get the longtime member to laugh .	complex_np:her:longtime member	4610
The message was clear to her : Life continues .	The message was clear to the Spanish rider : Life continues .	complex_np:her:Spanish rider	4611
I do not want to jeopardize losing her .	I do not want to jeopardize losing the sixth player .	complex_np:her:sixth player	4614
She changed her major to math .	She changed the possible insider major to math .	complex_np:her:possible insider	4616
We 'll get to him in a minute .	We 'll get to the 3-year-old daughter in a minute .	complex_np:him:3-year-old daughter	4618
His new team could not be happier to have him .	His new team could not be happier to have the 42-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:42-year-old mother	4620
I know I cannot hang with him from the baseline .	I know I cannot hang with the Afghan soldier from the baseline .	complex_np:him:Afghan soldier	4621
Iraqi security officials deported him to Saudi Arabia .	Iraqi security officials deported the global provider to Saudi Arabia .	complex_np:him:global provider	4622
And let him go .	And let the key Buddhist go .	complex_np:him:key Buddhist	4623
" I am delighted we have got him , " he said .	" I am delighted we have got the British toddler , " he said .	complex_np:him:British toddler	4624
But I have stood by him .	But I have stood by the Lead singer .	complex_np:him:Lead singer	4625
Instead , as usual , they had their hands full with him .	Instead , as usual , they had their hands full with the Celtic defender .	complex_np:him:Celtic defender	4626
We have not asked her to do a whole lot .	We have not asked the physical therapist to do a whole lot .	complex_np:her:physical therapist	4628
The owner quickly thanked Smolenski and gave him a high five .	The owner quickly thanked Smolenski and gave the top player a high five .	complex_np:him:top player	4629
He came in eighth , or so they told him .	He came in eighth , or so they told the chief economist .	complex_np:him:chief economist	4631
" " We have had some discussions with him about it .	" " We have had some discussions with the creative officer about it .	complex_np:him:creative officer	4632
Gosh , remember him ?	Gosh , remember the independent member ?	complex_np:him:independent member	4633
Even a small blemish and people will point fingers at her .	Even a small blemish and people will point fingers at the lone striker .	complex_np:her:lone striker	4634
We have not seen him in New York for years .	We have not seen the new employer in New York for years .	complex_np:him:new employer	4635
In these troubled times , the game needs her more than ever .	In these troubled times , the game needs the great artist more than ever .	complex_np:her:great artist	4636
The do not call him " Lucky Jack " for nothing .	The do not call the prime mover " Lucky Jack " for nothing .	complex_np:him:prime mover	4637
I want him to be successful , insanely successful .	I want the top lawyer to be successful , insanely successful .	complex_np:him:top lawyer	4638
Question him .	Question the reclusive leader .	complex_np:him:reclusive leader	4639
But now it is one figure that grabs him .	But now it is one figure that grabs the rival bidder .	complex_np:him:rival bidder	4640
Many say they come simply to see him .	Many say they come simply to see the French journalist .	complex_np:him:French journalist	4641
He had left her , Ordo ?	He had left the new passenger , Ordo ?	complex_np:her:new passenger	4642
However , it underestimated the determination of those out to kill her .	However , it underestimated the determination of those out to kill the single player .	complex_np:her:single player	4644
Now , 40 percent have a favorable impression of him .	Now , 40 percent have a favorable impression of the new player .	complex_np:him:new player	4645
You have to wonder what stopped him .	You have to wonder what stopped the 14-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:14-year-old daughter	4646
That makes him humble .	That makes the other partner humble .	complex_np:him:other partner	4647
It was completely up to him .	It was completely up to the political adviser .	complex_np:him:political adviser	4648
They want to help him .	They want to help the potential bidder .	complex_np:him:potential bidder	4649
Very few people call him V-Rod .	Very few people call the international partner V-Rod .	complex_np:him:international partner	4650
Cambodia and Vietnam might also want to question him .	Cambodia and Vietnam might also want to question the chief scientist .	complex_np:him:chief scientist	4651
Foreigners love him .	Foreigners love the important member .	complex_np:him:important member	4652
Her left arm and leg were paralyzed .	The British toddler left arm and leg were paralyzed .	complex_np:her:British toddler	4653
Ryan Gosling looks for roles that will challenge him .	Ryan Gosling looks for roles that will challenge the marine biologist .	complex_np:him:marine biologist	4654
But at least he knew for sure that someone had loved him .	But at least he knew for sure that someone had loved the British coroner .	complex_np:him:British coroner	4655
I did the decent thing and invited her .	I did the decent thing and invited the Iraqi driver .	complex_np:her:Iraqi driver	4656
That is what makes him the best coach in the business .	That is what makes the chief lawyer the best coach in the business .	complex_np:him:chief lawyer	4658
There was something familiar about him .	There was something familiar about the 5-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:5-year-old daughter	4660
" Let him finish , " shouted an audience member .	" Let the pet owner finish , " shouted an audience member .	complex_np:him:pet owner	4666
( AP ) - Joe Torre knew they did not want him back .	( AP ) - Joe Torre knew they did not want the executive producer back .	complex_np:him:executive producer	4667
At least one other blog has attempted to recruit him .	At least one other blog has attempted to recruit the winning trainer .	complex_np:him:winning trainer	4668
It comes down to him .	It comes down to the two-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:two-year-old daughter	4669
He is not sure whether his Guard membership cost him that job .	He is not sure whether his Guard membership cost the Mexican artist that job .	complex_np:him:Mexican artist	4670
There was no sight of him yesterday .	There was no sight of the 29-year-old rapper yesterday .	complex_np:him:29-year-old rapper	4671
It is hard to say , you should ask him .	It is hard to say , you should ask the Democratic leader .	complex_np:him:Democratic leader	4672
Why do the stars of today continue to idolize him ?	Why do the stars of today continue to idolize the unidentified runner ?	complex_np:him:unidentified runner	4673
Police picked up Volzer in Lorton and rushed him to the scene .	Police picked up Volzer in Lorton and rushed the German tourist to the scene .	complex_np:him:German tourist	4675
He does everything we could ask him to do .	He does everything we could ask the international leader to do .	complex_np:him:international leader	4676
Not that he has not noticed the changes around him .	Not that he has not noticed the changes around the black player .	complex_np:him:black player	4677
Security forces deny having arrested him .	Security forces deny having arrested the female officer .	complex_np:him:female officer	4680
17 , Aaron stopped breathing as David held him in his arms .	17 , Aaron stopped breathing as David held the young officer in his arms .	complex_np:him:young officer	4684
Yushchenko fired her after just seven months in office .	Yushchenko fired the preferred provider after just seven months in office .	complex_np:her:preferred provider	4685
Friday night and stabbed her in the chest , police said .	Friday night and stabbed the overall customer in the chest , police said .	complex_np:her:overall customer	4686
That makes him smile again .	That makes the Lead singer smile again .	complex_np:him:Lead singer	4687
Her imagined flights into unfettered expression range widely .	The Swedish artist imagined flights into unfettered expression range widely .	complex_np:her:Swedish artist	4688
His body 's allowing him to do that .	His body 's allowing the Democratic strategist to do that .	complex_np:him:Democratic strategist	4689
The false impression does not seem to bother him .	The false impression does not seem to bother the right partner .	complex_np:him:right partner	4690
After glancing at her , he starts inquiring .	After glancing at the Chinese manufacturer , he starts inquiring .	complex_np:her:Chinese manufacturer	4691
Hiding it from her is wrong .	Hiding it from the missing toddler is wrong .	complex_np:her:missing toddler	4692
She was uncommonly observant ; nothing seems to have escaped her .	She was uncommonly observant ; nothing seems to have escaped the British designer .	complex_np:her:British designer	4693
" Let her go , " the officer said .	" Let the unidentified officer go , " the officer said .	complex_np:her:unidentified officer	4695
Her answers : Yes and yes .	The Socialist leader answers : Yes and yes .	complex_np:her:Socialist leader	4697
Hu Jintao has left his compound to welcome him .	Hu Jintao has left his compound to welcome the armed robber .	complex_np:him:armed robber	4698
And Mosley is not even going to miss him .	And Mosley is not even going to miss the former employer .	complex_np:him:former employer	4703
I looked at him .	I looked at the political supporter .	complex_np:him:political supporter	4705
There was no indication what eventually prompted him to surrender .	There was no indication what eventually prompted the Republican contender to surrender .	complex_np:him:Republican contender	4707
Still , they discouraged her from surgery .	Still , they discouraged the solo artist from surgery .	complex_np:her:solo artist	4708
And how did you win him over ?	And how did you win the embattled leader over ?	complex_np:him:embattled leader	4710
Allen 's mother described him as severely autistic .	Allen 's mother described the senior economist as severely autistic .	complex_np:him:senior economist	4711
As I told you , I brought it up with him .	As I told you , I brought it up with the 4-month-old daughter .	complex_np:him:4-month-old daughter	4712
That was the last time I saw him .	That was the last time I saw the Irish writer .	complex_np:him:Irish writer	4714
I told him I would , then wondered , Would I ?	I told the public broadcaster I would , then wondered , Would I ?	complex_np:him:public broadcaster	4715
Pearman accused Lewis of stealing tens of thousands of dollars from her .	Pearman accused Lewis of stealing tens of thousands of dollars from the long-term partner .	complex_np:her:long-term partner	4716
Last week , a co-worker handed her a card .	Last week , a co-worker handed the political journalist a card .	complex_np:her:political journalist	4717
Still , the fans love him .	Still , the fans love the chief lawyer .	complex_np:him:chief lawyer	4719
It did go through her .	It did go through the senior manager .	complex_np:her:senior manager	4721
She said he also lied about the charges against him .	She said he also lied about the charges against the Turkish leader .	complex_np:him:Turkish leader	4722
A spokesman for Hsu said he had not spoken with him .	A spokesman for Hsu said he had not spoken with the American manufacturer .	complex_np:him:American manufacturer	4723
His friends and advisers told him to go for it .	His friends and advisers told the second player to go for it .	complex_np:him:second player	4724
Why did you choose her ?	Why did you choose the national manager ?	complex_np:her:national manager	4725
Officials from the genocide court swept in at dawn to seize him .	Officials from the genocide court swept in at dawn to seize the successful bidder .	complex_np:him:successful bidder	4726
I just do not care for her .	I just do not care for the Dutch brewer .	complex_np:her:Dutch brewer	4727
I spoke to him and he still wants to do it .	I spoke to the last-minute winner and he still wants to do it .	complex_np:him:last-minute winner	4728
The people there will motivate him to do his best .	The people there will motivate the chief minister to do his best .	complex_np:him:chief minister	4729
Philippines President Gloria Arroyo was to see him on Tuesday .	Philippines President Gloria Arroyo was to see the runaway winner on Tuesday .	complex_np:him:runaway winner	4730
The Virginia schools mobilized to support him .	The Virginia schools mobilized to support the strong consumer .	complex_np:him:strong consumer	4731
Don 't get her started on Lynne Truss .	Don 't get the nuclear scientist started on Lynne Truss .	complex_np:her:nuclear scientist	4732
She has since been able to speak to him .	She has since been able to speak to the forehand winner .	complex_np:him:forehand winner	4734
" We were told , ' Don 't look at him .	" We were told , ' Don 't look at the 23-year-old right-hander .	complex_np:him:23-year-old right-hander	4735
We knew no life under Saddam and no life after him .	We knew no life under Saddam and no life after the local volunteer .	complex_np:him:local volunteer	4736
She said she had made a lot of mistakes before Jackson jailed her .	She said she had made a lot of mistakes before Jackson jailed the Greek sprinter .	complex_np:her:Greek sprinter	4737
Even the high mileage was fine with him .	Even the high mileage was fine with the heavy drinker .	complex_np:him:heavy drinker	4738
History is against him .	History is against the former leader .	complex_np:him:former leader	4739
And I told him they were for me .	And I told the commercial photographer they were for me .	complex_np:him:commercial photographer	4740
Another factor keeping her in place is Prince Frederick 's housing market .	Another factor keeping the prime minister in place is Prince Frederick 's housing market .	complex_np:her:prime minister	4742
God was with him .	God was with the deputy coroner .	complex_np:him:deputy coroner	4745
Find a nice way to call him on it .	Find a nice way to call the prime minister on it .	complex_np:him:prime minister	4747
Later , he sodomizes her .	Later , he sodomizes the abstract painter .	complex_np:her:abstract painter	4749
Why take her seriously ?	Why take the Republican activist seriously ?	complex_np:her:Republican activist	4751
This is , Gillespie reminds him , a libertarian office .	This is , Gillespie reminds the veteran right-hander , a libertarian office .	complex_np:him:veteran right-hander	4752
Talking to her about it will not make any difference .	Talking to the formidable player about it will not make any difference .	complex_np:her:formidable player	4753
I think he is a much better hitter than the stereotype of him .	I think he is a much better hitter than the stereotype of the French painter .	complex_np:him:French painter	4754
Somewhat reluctantly , I counted out two singles and handed them to him .	Somewhat reluctantly , I counted out two singles and handed them to the mobile user .	complex_np:him:mobile user	4755
I have no reason not to believe him .	I have no reason not to believe the top scientist .	complex_np:him:top scientist	4756
After the mayor spoke yesterday , the vendors surrounded him .	After the mayor spoke yesterday , the vendors surrounded the Brazilian defender .	complex_np:him:Brazilian defender	4757
Do you give him policy advice ?	Do you give the young teacher policy advice ?	complex_np:him:young teacher	4758
It reminded me of him and the houses he built .	It reminded me of the active player and the houses he built .	complex_np:him:active player	4761
There was an international outcry against him .	There was an international outcry against the Democratic pollster .	complex_np:him:Democratic pollster	4763
Have you heard from him lately ?	Have you heard from the new master lately ?	complex_np:him:new master	4765
The man he heard struggling to stay above water thanked him .	The man he heard struggling to stay above water thanked the Liberal leader .	complex_np:him:Liberal leader	4766
Barack Obama : Have you talked to him lately ?	Barack Obama : Have you talked to the key Buddhist lately ?	complex_np:him:key Buddhist	4768
Williams went back to Jacqueline Kellibrew and shot her .	Williams went back to Jacqueline Kellibrew and shot the political scientist .	complex_np:her:political scientist	4770
The co-owner Steve Tisch stopped him .	The co-owner Steve Tisch stopped the Swedish artist .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	4772
" I do not push it on her , " she says .	" I do not push it on the 6-year-old daughter , " she says .	complex_np:her:6-year-old daughter	4773
So far every attack has bounced off her .	So far every attack has bounced off the embattled leader .	complex_np:her:embattled leader	4774
" Sure you can , Walt , " Shepard assured him .	" Sure you can , Walt , " Shepard assured the migrant worker .	complex_np:him:migrant worker	4775
They said he had marijuana and prescription medication with him .	They said he had marijuana and prescription medication with the political insider .	complex_np:him:political insider	4778
I have been very pleased with him .	I have been very pleased with the strong leader .	complex_np:him:strong leader	4779
I developed enormous admiration for him .	I developed enormous admiration for the regional officer .	complex_np:him:regional officer	4780
You could hardly blame him for being nervous .	You could hardly blame the third player for being nervous .	complex_np:him:third player	4784
Whenever Mr. Davis appeared onstage , they eagerly applauded him .	Whenever Mr. Davis appeared onstage , they eagerly applauded the fast bowler .	complex_np:him:fast bowler	4785
He was involved in a drunken driving incident with her .	He was involved in a drunken driving incident with the black leader .	complex_np:her:black leader	4786
Reid 's friends see the wear on him .	Reid 's friends see the wear on the operational commander .	complex_np:him:operational commander	4787
" Italian , please , " he says to her .	" Italian , please , " he says to the Canadian teacher .	complex_np:her:Canadian teacher	4789
But the experience remains firmly with him .	But the experience remains firmly with the nine-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:nine-year-old daughter	4790
She dares not look at him .	She dares not look at the technical writer .	complex_np:him:technical writer	4791
He said he heard brakes screeching all around him .	He said he heard brakes screeching all around the forehand winner .	complex_np:him:forehand winner	4793
" I could not stop looking at him , " Edwards said .	" I could not stop looking at the syndicated columnist , " Edwards said .	complex_np:him:syndicated columnist	4794
He said it helps to know there are other kids like him .	He said it helps to know there are other kids like the limited partner .	complex_np:him:limited partner	4795
His father had placed him in an orphanage after his mother died .	His father had placed the other daughter in an orphanage after his mother died .	complex_np:him:other daughter	4796
Yet even this major blow barely troubles her .	Yet even this major blow barely troubles the current leader .	complex_np:her:current leader	4800
I should have made him get the surgery last February .	I should have made the European consumer get the surgery last February .	complex_np:him:European consumer	4802
Talk to her about this relationship .	Talk to the loving mother about this relationship .	complex_np:her:loving mother	4803
" I 'll talk to him later , " she joked .	" I 'll talk to the widowed mother later , " she joked .	complex_np:him:widowed mother	4804
I love her !	I love the technical officer !	complex_np:her:technical officer	4806
Gonzales succeeded him in 2005 .	Gonzales succeeded the teenage daughter in 2005 .	complex_np:him:teenage daughter	4807
Your idea that you embarrass him is a solid one .	Your idea that you embarrass the general manager is a solid one .	complex_np:him:general manager	4808
, who would hire her .	, who would hire the Jewish teenager .	complex_np:her:Jewish teenager	4809
Everyone expected him to fall back .	Everyone expected the powerful leader to fall back .	complex_np:him:powerful leader	4810
I have talked to her .	I have talked to the important Buddhist .	complex_np:her:important Buddhist	4811
He knocked a man down for her .	He knocked a man down for the worldwide provider .	complex_np:her:worldwide provider	4812
I was so shocked that I nearly dropped him .	I was so shocked that I nearly dropped the African leader .	complex_np:him:African leader	4813
His wife called the emergency services before scrambling down to him .	His wife called the emergency services before scrambling down to the costume designer .	complex_np:him:costume designer	4815
A helicopter team plucked her from the rugged terrain .	A helicopter team plucked the French defender from the rugged terrain .	complex_np:her:French defender	4818
He accused prosecutors of making her a scapegoat for TSU 's problems .	He accused prosecutors of making the central banker a scapegoat for TSU 's problems .	complex_np:her:central banker	4820
G. G. blackmailed him .	G. G. blackmailed the French writer .	complex_np:him:French writer	4822
" " I 'll be there to support her .	" " I 'll be there to support the Islamic extremist .	complex_np:her:Islamic extremist	4824
I think that we exhaust her sometimes .	I think that we exhaust the political adviser sometimes .	complex_np:her:political adviser	4825
Thomas also denied making sexual advances toward her .	Thomas also denied making sexual advances toward the central banker .	complex_np:her:central banker	4826
Still , police in Larkana said they were confident they could protect her .	Still , police in Larkana said they were confident they could protect the Syrian leader .	complex_np:her:Syrian leader	4828
She then injected her repeatedly with the hormone .	She then injected the special adviser repeatedly with the hormone .	complex_np:her:special adviser	4831
I asked her : seriously , what would you choose ?	I asked the senior producer : seriously , what would you choose ?	complex_np:her:senior producer	4833
The house now provides the dignified sanctuary so long denied her .	The house now provides the dignified sanctuary so long denied the military adviser .	complex_np:her:military adviser	4836
She said many people have called her a hero .	She said many people have called the controlling shareholder a hero .	complex_np:her:controlling shareholder	4837
I love her and I love the rest of my family .	I love the public officer and I love the rest of my family .	complex_np:her:public officer	4839
We want him to make contact with us again .	We want the 19-game winner to make contact with us again .	complex_np:him:19-game winner	4840
In fact , experiencing hurricanes firsthand has taken a toll on him .	In fact , experiencing hurricanes firsthand has taken a toll on the 77-year-old owner .	complex_np:him:77-year-old owner	4841
My husband was able to visit him .	My husband was able to visit the foster mother .	complex_np:him:foster mother	4843
And when I met him I knew he had trouble .	And when I met the Swedish artist I knew he had trouble .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	4844
I want to trust her .	I want to trust the backup dancer .	complex_np:her:backup dancer	4846
I ran as they were shooting him .	I ran as they were shooting the former member .	complex_np:him:former member	4849
Who killed her ?	Who killed the steady leader ?	complex_np:her:steady leader	4850
I told him it was not .	I told the Italian tourist it was not .	complex_np:him:Italian tourist	4851
But his boy-racer heart betrayed him .	But his boy-racer heart betrayed the clear leader .	complex_np:him:clear leader	4852
Two years later , I beat him , 6-1 , 6-1 .	Two years later , I beat the Swedish cartoonist , 6-1 , 6-1 .	complex_np:him:Swedish cartoonist	4853
Ask him .	Ask the former dancer .	complex_np:him:former dancer	4855
We think we take him seriously now .	We think we take the former lover seriously now .	complex_np:him:former lover	4856
His size never held him back .	His size never held the former partner back .	complex_np:him:former partner	4857
I think of him as a primal force of nature .	I think of the key customer as a primal force of nature .	complex_np:him:key customer	4858
The soldiers told me that Dmitry was good ; they liked him .	The soldiers told me that Dmitry was good ; they liked the important member .	complex_np:him:important member	4859
A makeshift bomb exploded near him in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	A makeshift bomb exploded near the top adviser in Muqdadiyah , northeast of Baghdad .	complex_np:him:top adviser	4860
He was believed to have put his adventures behind him .	He was believed to have put his adventures behind the big seller .	complex_np:him:big seller	4861
We were not aware of him .	We were not aware of the next leader .	complex_np:him:next leader	4866
Sergeant Karsnia , increasingly frustrated , accused Mr. Craig of lying to him .	Sergeant Karsnia , increasingly frustrated , accused Mr. Craig of lying to the second player .	complex_np:him:second player	4868
They are due to question him again on Thursday .	They are due to question the 93-year-old mother again on Thursday .	complex_np:him:93-year-old mother	4869
My mother wept about him at the slightest provocation .	My mother wept about the foreign fighter at the slightest provocation .	complex_np:him:foreign fighter	4870
Nine soldiers saw him do this .	Nine soldiers saw the international provider do this .	complex_np:him:international provider	4871
That is not what got him ousted .	That is not what got the American singer ousted .	complex_np:him:American singer	4872
Kurmanbek Bakiyev says old parliament has appointed him acting president and prime minister .	Kurmanbek Bakiyev says old parliament has appointed the fourth player acting president and prime minister .	complex_np:him:fourth player	4874
" We will not let him be forgotten , " Thompson said .	" We will not let the political activist be forgotten , " Thompson said .	complex_np:him:political activist	4875
And it did not cost her a dime .	And it did not cost the religious leader a dime .	complex_np:her:religious leader	4876
What do they want to know about her ?	What do they want to know about the 18-year-old daughter ?	complex_np:her:18-year-old daughter	4877
There are teams with aspirations that could use him .	There are teams with aspirations that could use the dry cleaner .	complex_np:him:dry cleaner	4879
He started to hug her .	He started to hug the former adviser .	complex_np:her:former adviser	4880
She told him she could not remember the exact sequence of events .	She told the Brazilian midfielder she could not remember the exact sequence of events .	complex_np:him:Brazilian midfielder	4881
It takes him about two hours to perform .	It takes the first officer about two hours to perform .	complex_np:him:first officer	4882
We hope to see him one day in Israel .	We hope to see the hit-and-run driver one day in Israel .	complex_np:him:hit-and-run driver	4883
After a heated struggle , the detectives managed to handcuff him .	After a heated struggle , the detectives managed to handcuff the lead singer .	complex_np:him:lead singer	4884
He urged her to run for the Dutch Parliament .	He urged the Republican challenger to run for the Dutch Parliament .	complex_np:her:Republican challenger	4885
He sticks with her , but warily .	He sticks with the other sister , but warily .	complex_np:her:other sister	4886
He told AP he would immediately call Bonds to notify him .	He told AP he would immediately call Bonds to notify the founding member .	complex_np:him:founding member	4887
What does he see in the team around him ?	What does he see in the team around the reliable partner ?	complex_np:him:reliable partner	4888
I told him yes , thinking I did something wrong .	I told the former teacher yes , thinking I did something wrong .	complex_np:him:former teacher	4889
Those clothes were lent to him for a photo shoot .	Those clothes were lent to the alleged shooter for a photo shoot .	complex_np:him:alleged shooter	4891
The failure has only made him want it more .	The failure has only made the Democratic front-runner want it more .	complex_np:him:Democratic front-runner	4892
" No , no , Mrs. Left , " he reassured her .	" No , no , Mrs. Left , " he reassured the executive producer .	complex_np:her:executive producer	4893
Do not let him on the Tube .	Do not let the prolific writer on the Tube .	complex_np:him:prolific writer	4894
" I think of him in shock and fear , " she said .	" I think of the three-year-old daughter in shock and fear , " she said .	complex_np:him:three-year-old daughter	4895
But he has not heard the last of him .	But he has not heard the last of the senior commander .	complex_np:him:senior commander	4896
We know there are more difficult days ahead for her .	We know there are more difficult days ahead for the lead researcher .	complex_np:her:lead researcher	4897
It is hard to believe him on that .	It is hard to believe the widowed mother on that .	complex_np:him:widowed mother	4898
Villanueva watches him shaking hands .	Villanueva watches the presidential adviser shaking hands .	complex_np:him:presidential adviser	4899
He had a streak of tenderness in him .	He had a streak of tenderness in the Swedish artist .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	4900
I know who Rod is , since my Mum adores him .	I know who Rod is , since my Mum adores the 23-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:23-year-old mother	4901
I am still waiting to hear from him on the FTC 's findings .	I am still waiting to hear from the American writer on the FTC 's findings .	complex_np:him:American writer	4903
Where is the distinguished economist when we need him ?	Where is the distinguished economist when we need the acting leader ?	complex_np:him:acting leader	4905
Some students taunt him .	Some students taunt the central banker .	complex_np:him:central banker	4906
Has she forgiven him ?	Has she forgiven the rightful owner ?	complex_np:him:rightful owner	4907
Michelle tells him what day it is .	Michelle tells the former banker what day it is .	complex_np:him:former banker	4910
But it may be a tough road for him .	But it may be a tough road for the great manager .	complex_np:him:great manager	4912
Then we lost him along the way .	Then we lost the foreign leader along the way .	complex_np:him:foreign leader	4913
He had met her before arriving in Park City , Utah .	He had met the private lawyer before arriving in Park City , Utah .	complex_np:her:private lawyer	4915
His bodyguards pushed some reporters and photographers who approached him .	His bodyguards pushed some reporters and photographers who approached the eldest daughter .	complex_np:him:eldest daughter	4916
I did not blame him , either .	I did not blame the most-capped player , either .	complex_np:him:most-capped player	4917
I do not care how difficult it is for him .	I do not care how difficult it is for the Celtic midfielder .	complex_np:him:Celtic midfielder	4921
I have a close and open relationship with her .	I have a close and open relationship with the two-year customer .	complex_np:her:two-year customer	4922
Byrd was flattered that Wedge stuck with him .	Byrd was flattered that Wedge stuck with the longtime owner .	complex_np:him:longtime owner	4923
It is messy and horrifying for him - and us .	It is messy and horrifying for the exclusive provider - and us .	complex_np:him:exclusive provider	4924
Edwards told her .	Edwards told the naval commander .	complex_np:her:naval commander	4926
He died on Tuesday , four days after the snake bit him .	He died on Tuesday , four days after the snake bit the veterinary officer .	complex_np:him:veterinary officer	4928
- propelled him back to New York .	- propelled the outstanding leader back to New York .	complex_np:him:outstanding leader	4929
What is the matter with her ?	What is the matter with the straight shooter ?	complex_np:her:straight shooter	4930
It is not clear if his beloved will still be with him .	It is not clear if his beloved will still be with the surrogate father .	complex_np:him:surrogate father	4932
It was not immediately clear what caused her to become ill .	It was not immediately clear what caused the professional gambler to become ill .	complex_np:her:professional gambler	4933
For a while I let her .	For a while I let the straight shooter .	complex_np:her:straight shooter	4934
KRS-One gave him an approving nod .	KRS-One gave the first leader an approving nod .	complex_np:him:first leader	4935
Then I speak to him on the phone .	Then I speak to the local partner on the phone .	complex_np:him:local partner	4936
The answer was a lie : They had not seen him .	The answer was a lie : They had not seen the national frontrunner .	complex_np:him:national frontrunner	4937
" We wish him very well , " she said .	" We wish the American cyclist very well , " she said .	complex_np:him:American cyclist	4938
He loved his seconddom , and his seconddom loved him back .	He loved his seconddom , and his seconddom loved the good manager back .	complex_np:him:good manager	4940
But Auslander is done hiding from him .	But Auslander is done hiding from the special master .	complex_np:him:special master	4941
Television showed him covered in red ink .	Television showed the presidential adviser covered in red ink .	complex_np:him:presidential adviser	4943
Two witnesses allegedly pulled Todd Munter , 36 , away and arrested him .	Two witnesses allegedly pulled Todd Munter , 36 , away and arrested the DVD player .	complex_np:him:DVD player	4944
For now we have let him back .	For now we have let the most-capped player back .	complex_np:him:most-capped player	4945
Meg guesses she has not seen him since Saturday .	Meg guesses she has not seen the barefoot Buddhist since Saturday .	complex_np:him:barefoot Buddhist	4946
He denied that he or Jeffs had forced sex on her .	He denied that he or Jeffs had forced sex on the migrant worker .	complex_np:her:migrant worker	4947
Allen said the victim has no memory of what happened to her .	Allen said the victim has no memory of what happened to the young teacher .	complex_np:her:young teacher	4951
I believe they disciplined him in some manner .	I believe they disciplined the political satirist in some manner .	complex_np:him:political satirist	4953
Mr. Battsek 's demeanor has helped him cross the ocean without much turbulence .	Mr. Battsek 's demeanor has helped the medical practitioner cross the ocean without much turbulence .	complex_np:him:medical practitioner	4954
My gut feeling tells me I want him to be alive .	My gut feeling tells me I want the former commander to be alive .	complex_np:him:former commander	4957
One was Maureen Edwards and Cryer fell in love with her .	One was Maureen Edwards and Cryer fell in love with the polygamous-sect leader .	complex_np:her:polygamous-sect leader	4958
" I cannot tell him I have these , " she said .	" I cannot tell the three-year-old daughter I have these , " she said .	complex_np:him:three-year-old daughter	4962
Moreover , a mysterious woman seems to be stalking him .	Moreover , a mysterious woman seems to be stalking the second member .	complex_np:him:second member	4963
I am not going to terrify him .	I am not going to terrify the Democratic activist .	complex_np:him:Democratic activist	4964
You need to get him to a neurologist .	You need to get the late father to a neurologist .	complex_np:him:late father	4965
What does she love about him so much ?	What does she love about the early leader so much ?	complex_np:him:early leader	4966
" They are using her as bait , " she said .	" They are using the American soldier as bait , " she said .	complex_np:her:American soldier	4967
What experience inspired her to pursue a career in medicine ?	What experience inspired the new mother to pursue a career in medicine ?	complex_np:her:new mother	4968
She thinks she understands what motivates him .	She thinks she understands what motivates the conceptual artist .	complex_np:him:conceptual artist	4969
The first is that , like her , it is gorgeous .	The first is that , like the first winner , it is gorgeous .	complex_np:her:first winner	4970
I know the system is not set up for him to win .	I know the system is not set up for the premier provider to win .	complex_np:him:premier provider	4971
Do you dissuade her from going ?	Do you dissuade the superior customer from going ?	complex_np:her:superior customer	4972
So two of Roddick 's four foes have quit on him .	So two of Roddick 's four foes have quit on the big brother .	complex_np:him:big brother	4974
A criminal jury acquitted him of murder charges .	A criminal jury acquitted the first manager of murder charges .	complex_np:him:first manager	4977
I was skeptical and told him so .	I was skeptical and told the Dutch striker so .	complex_np:him:Dutch striker	4978
We expect him to be released .	We expect the major supplier to be released .	complex_np:him:major supplier	4979
I blew him a kiss back .	I blew the top scientist a kiss back .	complex_np:him:top scientist	4984
The waiter brings her two by mistake .	The waiter brings the top seller two by mistake .	complex_np:her:top seller	4985
The county found out and fined him .	The county found out and fined the dead soldier .	complex_np:him:dead soldier	4990
Instantly I knew I had not fooled him .	Instantly I knew I had not fooled the hard worker .	complex_np:him:hard worker	4993
The judge ordered her to pay $ 350 in fines .	The judge ordered the German officer to pay $ 350 in fines .	complex_np:her:German officer	4994
I can hear her , now wandering around the house crying .	I can hear the amateur photographer , now wandering around the house crying .	complex_np:her:amateur photographer	4995
And would he have taken Steve Harmison with him ?	And would he have taken Steve Harmison with the British lender ?	complex_np:him:British lender	4996
Many people Upstate regarded her as a carpetbagger .	Many people Upstate regarded the international partner as a carpetbagger .	complex_np:her:international partner	5000
For him to say that is a willful disregard of reality .	For the financial manager to say that is a willful disregard of reality .	complex_np:him:financial manager	5001
She had wanted to tell him goodbye .	She had wanted to tell the former manager goodbye .	complex_np:him:former manager	5002
The first task was to find him work .	The first task was to find the Baptist preacher work .	complex_np:him:Baptist preacher	5003
Makes sense -- Beowulf 's sins come back to haunt him .	Makes sense -- Beowulf 's sins come back to haunt the Irish writer .	complex_np:him:Irish writer	5004
The Mercedes followed him .	The Mercedes followed the eldest daughter .	complex_np:him:eldest daughter	5007
The teacher should have seen the student had it and reprimanded him .	The teacher should have seen the student had it and reprimanded the current leader .	complex_np:him:current leader	5008
I love him and I love his wife , Shirley .	I love the industrial hygienist and I love his wife , Shirley .	complex_np:him:industrial hygienist	5010
I , like , sat on him .	I , like , sat on the joint winner .	complex_np:him:joint winner	5011
I want to help him .	I want to help the main driver .	complex_np:him:main driver	5015
Loughlin gasped as she watched him fall .	Loughlin gasped as she watched the Afghan soldier fall .	complex_np:him:Afghan soldier	5016
Second major played for Blake in 2007 , second disappointment had by him .	Second major played for Blake in 2007 , second disappointment had by the Swedish artist .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	5018
There was never any question of him being appointed head coach .	There was never any question of the 30-year-old mother being appointed head coach .	complex_np:him:30-year-old mother	5019
Several students grabbed Fowler and hoisted him on their shoulders .	Several students grabbed Fowler and hoisted the Republican pollster on their shoulders .	complex_np:him:Republican pollster	5023
She has that perspective and it allows her to laugh .	She has that perspective and it allows the senior commander to laugh .	complex_np:her:senior commander	5024
Dickinson said Solomon never said those words to her .	Dickinson said Solomon never said those words to the 19-game winner .	complex_np:her:19-game winner	5026
Her recent dealings with the general have also hurt her .	Her recent dealings with the general have also hurt the front runner .	complex_np:her:front runner	5027
She was beautiful and within about 20 minutes I had her .	She was beautiful and within about 20 minutes I had the steady leader .	complex_np:her:steady leader	5028
Could anything have been done to help her ?	Could anything have been done to help the single shareholder ?	complex_np:her:single shareholder	5030
... I think I could take him .	... I think I could take the founding father .	complex_np:him:founding father	5031
" I had a great conversation with him , " Girardi said .	" I had a great conversation with the major exporter , " Girardi said .	complex_np:him:major exporter	5034
And who can blame him ?	And who can blame the Fast bowler ?	complex_np:him:Fast bowler	5037
Give him credit for attending .	Give the postal worker credit for attending .	complex_np:him:postal worker	5038
He would get his final visits with relatives there , they told him .	He would get his final visits with relatives there , they told the other daughter .	complex_np:him:other daughter	5039
This is a huge loss to everyone who knew him .	This is a huge loss to everyone who knew the newborn daughter .	complex_np:him:newborn daughter	5040
I like her .	I like the corporate lawyer .	complex_np:her:corporate lawyer	5041
That means a lot to him .	That means a lot to the Celtic goalkeeper .	complex_np:him:Celtic goalkeeper	5043
Otherwise , she said , regret would haunt her .	Otherwise , she said , regret would haunt the new commander .	complex_np:her:new commander	5045
I have voted for her for quite some time now .	I have voted for the Democratic activist for quite some time now .	complex_np:her:Democratic activist	5049
We are taking care of her .	We are taking care of the elite runner .	complex_np:her:elite runner	5051
Again and again , the judge implored him to speak up .	Again and again , the judge implored the German soldier to speak up .	complex_np:him:German soldier	5052
That film earned him a best screenplay Oscar .	That film earned the struggling automaker a best screenplay Oscar .	complex_np:him:struggling automaker	5053
" Go get him , " he said .	" Go get the Japanese consumer , " he said .	complex_np:him:Japanese consumer	5054
That is why Saturday 's finale is so tough for him .	That is why Saturday 's finale is so tough for the chief lawyer .	complex_np:him:chief lawyer	5057
But I expected to knock him out .	But I expected to knock the Left fielder out .	complex_np:him:Left fielder	5059
Just 12 stood by him .	Just 12 stood by the British journalist .	complex_np:him:British journalist	5061
But something always holds him back .	But something always holds the judicial officer back .	complex_np:him:judicial officer	5062
But he carries its scars with him .	But he carries its scars with the communist leader .	complex_np:him:communist leader	5065
Her son told her the terrible news .	Her son told the senior researcher the terrible news .	complex_np:her:senior researcher	5066
Fujikawa loved having her along .	Fujikawa loved having the Iraqi soldier along .	complex_np:her:Iraqi soldier	5067
They can get along without him at third base .	They can get along without the judicial officer at third base .	complex_np:him:judicial officer	5068
They told him that they thought it was the right decision .	They told the temporary worker that they thought it was the right decision .	complex_np:him:temporary worker	5070
I do hope I am not going to be the death of him .	I do hope I am not going to be the death of the clear winner .	complex_np:him:clear winner	5071
Soon the threats came for her .	Soon the threats came for the Democratic front-runner .	complex_np:her:Democratic front-runner	5073
" " They 've been inspiring for him .	" " They 've been inspiring for the senior producer .	complex_np:him:senior producer	5076
That was the big issue with him .	That was the big issue with the single player .	complex_np:him:single player	5079
I was able to hold him off .	I was able to hold the Iraqi driver off .	complex_np:him:Iraqi driver	5080
He said he believes she left him for another man .	He said he believes she left the creative officer for another man .	complex_np:him:creative officer	5082
Maybe this helps him with the formerly-young-and-irresponsible vote .	Maybe this helps the residential customer with the formerly-young-and-irresponsible vote .	complex_np:him:residential customer	5083
It was a blessing to have known and worked with him .	It was a blessing to have known and worked with the gold medalist .	complex_np:him:gold medalist	5084
To him , Communism was the issue .	To the innovative provider , Communism was the issue .	complex_np:him:innovative provider	5085
Instead Ms. Gelormino enrolled him in a private school .	Instead Ms. Gelormino enrolled the eldest daughter in a private school .	complex_np:him:eldest daughter	5086
That is given him a lot more publicity .	That is given the charismatic leader a lot more publicity .	complex_np:him:charismatic leader	5087
And we felt for her .	And we felt for the good player .	complex_np:her:good player	5090
No store will let her return used shoes .	No store will let the three-time winner return used shoes .	complex_np:her:three-time winner	5093
And we need to challenge him when we can .	And we need to challenge the late father when we can .	complex_np:him:late father	5095
Do people accost her on the street ?	Do people accost the Democratic lawmaker on the street ?	complex_np:her:Democratic lawmaker	5096
" I reappointed him , " George H.W. Bush said .	" I reappointed the great artist , " George H.W. Bush said .	complex_np:him:great artist	5097
She looks at him more closely .	She looks at the former winner more closely .	complex_np:him:former winner	5098
But the court would be poorer without him .	But the court would be poorer without the worldwide customer .	complex_np:him:worldwide customer	5101
The next thing he noticed was that a gun was pointed at him .	The next thing he noticed was that a gun was pointed at the six-time winner .	complex_np:him:six-time winner	5103
The more time I spent with Andrew , the more I liked him .	The more time I spent with Andrew , the more I liked the dead soldier .	complex_np:him:dead soldier	5104
I would just use him more .	I would just use the first customer more .	complex_np:him:first customer	5106
And now , because of him , my knee 's hurt .	And now , because of the other member , my knee 's hurt .	complex_np:him:other member	5108
Angie gives her a withering look .	Angie gives the strong consumer a withering look .	complex_np:her:strong consumer	5109
Surely we know everything there is to know about her .	Surely we know everything there is to know about the serious player .	complex_np:her:serious player	5110
Magistrates have now jailed her for four months .	Magistrates have now jailed the Socialist leader for four months .	complex_np:her:Socialist leader	5111
There is a special place in my heart for him .	There is a special place in my heart for the evolutionary biologist .	complex_np:him:evolutionary biologist	5112
Thank her for looking out for you .	Thank the former firefighter for looking out for you .	complex_np:her:former firefighter	5113
I wanted to give him a start .	I wanted to give the international tourist a start .	complex_np:him:international tourist	5114
She begged Marquis not to let the alligators eat her .	She begged Marquis not to let the alligators eat the other daughter .	complex_np:her:other daughter	5115
Most saw him as a powerful omen .	Most saw the MP3 player as a powerful omen .	complex_np:him:MP3 player	5116
Ms. Stern joined her in 1945 .	Ms. Stern joined the American leader in 1945 .	complex_np:her:American leader	5118
I feel like I still have to look out for him .	I feel like I still have to look out for the chief economist .	complex_np:him:chief economist	5120
Barry and Vanessa become friends ; he even develops a crush on her .	Barry and Vanessa become friends ; he even develops a crush on the former adviser .	complex_np:her:former adviser	5121
His wife , Suzy , agrees with him .	His wife , Suzy , agrees with the Iranian leader .	complex_np:him:Iranian leader	5122
" Kindergarten 's easy , " his sister reassured him .	" Kindergarten 's easy , " his sister reassured the video player .	complex_np:him:video player	5125
His booming voice also brought him voiceover work .	His booming voice also brought the great writer voiceover work .	complex_np:him:great writer	5126
, but have been unable to find him .	, but have been unable to find the good father .	complex_np:him:good father	5127
He would tell him off the first time .	He would tell the premier provider off the first time .	complex_np:him:premier provider	5134
The agents detained her as a fugitive .	The agents detained the former writer as a fugitive .	complex_np:her:former writer	5137
His wife might , but not him .	His wife might , but not the new master .	complex_np:him:new master	5138
I would explain this all to her .	I would explain this all to the opposing player .	complex_np:her:opposing player	5142
I 'll get him back for you ' .	I 'll get the two-year customer back for you ' .	complex_np:him:two-year customer	5143
He apologised to the Attorney-General after secretly taping a telephone conversation with him .	He apologised to the Attorney-General after secretly taping a telephone conversation with the regular customer .	complex_np:him:regular customer	5144
Instead she wants to de-friend him .	Instead she wants to de-friend the male partner .	complex_np:him:male partner	5145
No one has turned him down yet .	No one has turned the French teacher down yet .	complex_np:him:French teacher	5146
His advisers see Florida as another potentially strong state for him .	His advisers see Florida as another potentially strong state for the second officer .	complex_np:him:second officer	5147
And the fools knocked him back .	And the fools knocked the founding father back .	complex_np:him:founding father	5149
Boras would not detail which clubs have contacted him about Rodriguez .	Boras would not detail which clubs have contacted the 48-year-old singer about Rodriguez .	complex_np:him:48-year-old singer	5150
She then regretted getting involved with him .	She then regretted getting involved with the environmental campaigner .	complex_np:him:environmental campaigner	5152
Many more show him at his golden best .	Many more show the great artist at his golden best .	complex_np:him:great artist	5153
That left him 181 points behind Johnson .	That left the environmental engineer 181 points behind Johnson .	complex_np:him:environmental engineer	5154
When she met strangers , she would tell them about him .	When she met strangers , she would tell them about the national commander .	complex_np:him:national commander	5155
" Curmudgeon " was too soft a word for him .	" Curmudgeon " was too soft a word for the veteran leader .	complex_np:him:veteran leader	5156
You look at him and you can tell he is a mensch .	You look at the private employer and you can tell he is a mensch .	complex_np:him:private employer	5157
Now I asked her about it .	Now I asked the Italian journalist about it .	complex_np:her:Italian journalist	5158
Why did he have no photos of her ?	Why did he have no photos of the potential buyer ?	complex_np:her:potential buyer	5160
What drew you to her ?	What drew you to the longtime leader ?	complex_np:her:longtime leader	5161
Eight years later , the Washington hotels were filled with veterans like him .	Eight years later , the Washington hotels were filled with veterans like the gay activist .	complex_np:him:gay activist	5162
Freeman said the support has worked for her .	Freeman said the support has worked for the British tourist .	complex_np:her:British tourist	5163
Charges are pending against him , Copeland said .	Charges are pending against the steady leader , Copeland said .	complex_np:him:steady leader	5164
" " But I would not want to work for him .	" " But I would not want to work for the financial manager .	complex_np:him:financial manager	5165
The No 10 had his wits about him last night .	The No 10 had his wits about the ailing father last night .	complex_np:him:ailing father	5166
I was not able to get papers for him .	I was not able to get papers for the past goalkeeper .	complex_np:him:past goalkeeper	5167
The Tide took SEC talent and manned up on him all night .	The Tide took SEC talent and manned up on the DVD player all night .	complex_np:him:DVD player	5169
They hardly talk about him at all .	They hardly talk about the U.S.-born player at all .	complex_np:him:U.S.-born player	5170
But he still did not make love to her .	But he still did not make love to the autistic hiker .	complex_np:her:autistic hiker	5171
Before , I only saw him smiling .	Before , I only saw the Celtic midfielder smiling .	complex_np:him:Celtic midfielder	5173
He got him on his feet .	He got the senior member on his feet .	complex_np:him:senior member	5174
The court was told that Richardson 's long-term partner was standing by him .	The court was told that Richardson 's long-term partner was standing by the Pakistani leader .	complex_np:him:Pakistani leader	5176
She is a woman who is fond of him .	She is a woman who is fond of the great artist .	complex_np:him:great artist	5177
" Don 't turn your back on him , " Mulholland quips .	" Don 't turn your back on the independent producer , " Mulholland quips .	complex_np:him:independent producer	5180
The press could not get enough of him .	The press could not get enough of the marine biologist .	complex_np:him:marine biologist	5181
One guy sort of swam across the mud to get to him .	One guy sort of swam across the mud to get to the graphic artist .	complex_np:him:graphic artist	5182
Bonds says that Giants owner Peter Magowan broke the news to him .	Bonds says that Giants owner Peter Magowan broke the news to the automotive supplier .	complex_np:him:automotive supplier	5183
I 'll never forget the first time I saw her .	I 'll never forget the first time I saw the national leader .	complex_np:her:national leader	5184
I 'll be watching the game this weekend with him .	I 'll be watching the game this weekend with the French teacher .	complex_np:him:French teacher	5185
It did not affect him .	It did not affect the loving father .	complex_np:him:loving father	5188
Another failed drug test likely would land him in jail .	Another failed drug test likely would land the favorite player in jail .	complex_np:him:favorite player	5189
Nobody would bet against him now .	Nobody would bet against the current consumer now .	complex_np:him:current consumer	5190
Austrian newspapers wondered Friday if Benedict XVI would bring clement weather with him .	Austrian newspapers wondered Friday if Benedict XVI would bring clement weather with the lead scientist .	complex_np:him:lead scientist	5192
Thirty-nine Democrats and one independent opposed him .	Thirty-nine Democrats and one independent opposed the other consumer .	complex_np:him:other consumer	5193
The sweeping adventure of Manchester United is not for him .	The sweeping adventure of Manchester United is not for the major manufacturer .	complex_np:him:major manufacturer	5194
But you know him better as wacky , stilt-legged Uncle Sam .	But you know the first leader better as wacky , stilt-legged Uncle Sam .	complex_np:him:first leader	5196
It would not concern him .	It would not concern the top commander .	complex_np:him:top commander	5198
Davydenko never has won a match against Federer , going 0-9 against him .	Davydenko never has won a match against Federer , going 0-9 against the Cuban leader .	complex_np:him:Cuban leader	5199
She made them her friends .	She made them the young lawyer friends .	complex_np:her:young lawyer	5200
The company would not say how much it paid her .	The company would not say how much it paid the British singer-songwriter .	complex_np:her:British singer-songwriter	5201
There have been numerous other reported sightings of her in the past .	There have been numerous other reported sightings of the serious challenger in the past .	complex_np:her:serious challenger	5202
On Friday he said that Simpson had called him to apologise .	On Friday he said that Simpson had called the first passenger to apologise .	complex_np:him:first passenger	5206
She created a memorial on Murrells Inlet , S.C. to remember him .	She created a memorial on Murrells Inlet , S.C. to remember the potential bidder .	complex_np:him:potential bidder	5207
" " I have just tried to get the best out of him .	" " I have just tried to get the best out of the 10-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:10-year-old daughter	5208
Pan Cha was pulled into a house by people trying to protect him .	Pan Cha was pulled into a house by people trying to protect the public defender .	complex_np:him:public defender	5209
Detectives traced her through e-mails on Bobbi Jo 's computer .	Detectives traced the military adviser through e-mails on Bobbi Jo 's computer .	complex_np:her:military adviser	5210
I would never give him a job .	I would never give the young artist a job .	complex_np:him:young artist	5211
MR. SNOW : Well , we are going to find him .	MR. SNOW : Well , we are going to find the central banker .	complex_np:him:central banker	5213
They told him they could not leave the situation unresolved .	They told the first player they could not leave the situation unresolved .	complex_np:him:first player	5214
An international arrest warrant has been issued for him .	An international arrest warrant has been issued for the female singer .	complex_np:him:female singer	5217
I should have protected her .	I should have protected the chief adviser .	complex_np:her:chief adviser	5218
My attraction to him was purely physical .	My attraction to the amateur singer was purely physical .	complex_np:him:amateur singer	5219
An electronic voice chides him if he eats too quickly .	An electronic voice chides the British soldier if he eats too quickly .	complex_np:him:British soldier	5221
" My vote is to run him next year , " he said .	" My vote is to run the fourth member next year , " he said .	complex_np:him:fourth member	5222
Officers mistook him for would-be suicide bomber Hussain Osman .	Officers mistook the American-born player for would-be suicide bomber Hussain Osman .	complex_np:him:American-born player	5224
I just reached in there and grabbed her .	I just reached in there and grabbed the overnight leader .	complex_np:her:overnight leader	5225
Ms. Felix cried , running toward him .	Ms. Felix cried , running toward the former master .	complex_np:him:former master	5227
, gave him a five-minute standing ovation .	, gave the British singer a five-minute standing ovation .	complex_np:him:British singer	5228
I remember when I was a child I read a lot about him .	I remember when I was a child I read a lot about the former publisher .	complex_np:him:former publisher	5229
Is her pay too low ?	Is the top striker pay too low ?	complex_np:her:top striker	5230
Every child in the hall swung round to look at her .	Every child in the hall swung round to look at the Celtic player .	complex_np:her:Celtic player	5231
Burning the flags got him in some trouble for doing that .	Burning the flags got the 30-year-old mother in some trouble for doing that .	complex_np:him:30-year-old mother	5232
My dad was crucified for hiring him .	My dad was crucified for hiring the junior partner .	complex_np:him:junior partner	5233
Party leaders grieving for her began discussing the succession last night .	Party leaders grieving for the Russian leader began discussing the succession last night .	complex_np:her:Russian leader	5234
A judge ordered him to return to court Jan. 3 .	A judge ordered the Italian journalist to return to court Jan. 3 .	complex_np:him:Italian journalist	5235
The actors even wrote to thank him for his support .	The actors even wrote to thank the 95-year-old mother for his support .	complex_np:him:95-year-old mother	5236
I do not believe him .	I do not believe the Republican leader .	complex_np:him:Republican leader	5237
My kids really dug him .	My kids really dug the Public broadcaster .	complex_np:him:Public broadcaster	5239
I had a great fitness coach , but they sacked him .	I had a great fitness coach , but they sacked the professional gambler .	complex_np:him:professional gambler	5240
Those who knew her recognised that Nicky was an exceptional person .	Those who knew the controlling shareholder recognised that Nicky was an exceptional person .	complex_np:her:controlling shareholder	5241
In one instance , she said , he spewed expletives at her .	In one instance , she said , he spewed expletives at the presidential frontrunner .	complex_np:her:presidential frontrunner	5243
It turns out he had only dreamed of her .	It turns out he had only dreamed of the Total consumer .	complex_np:her:Total consumer	5244
Family members describe her as somewhat rebellious and headstrong .	Family members describe the automotive supplier as somewhat rebellious and headstrong .	complex_np:her:automotive supplier	5246
I gave him $ 20 .	I gave the total shareholder $ 20 .	complex_np:him:total shareholder	5247
You do not want to lose him from the lineup .	You do not want to lose the male teacher from the lineup .	complex_np:him:male teacher	5248
But even his 32-year-old mother , Maria Pedro , disbelieves him .	But even his 32-year-old mother , Maria Pedro , disbelieves the deputy leader .	complex_np:him:deputy leader	5249
His wife was devoted to him .	His wife was devoted to the limited partner .	complex_np:him:limited partner	5250
The restaurant denied any knowledge of her .	The restaurant denied any knowledge of the key driver .	complex_np:her:key driver	5252
I am sure they lost him !	I am sure they lost the active leader !	complex_np:him:active leader	5255
I walked like him .	I walked like the key supplier .	complex_np:him:key supplier	5256
So I 'll let things die down before I call him .	So I 'll let things die down before I call the main driver .	complex_np:him:main driver	5257
I had no worries about her whatsoever .	I had no worries about the amateur singer whatsoever .	complex_np:her:amateur singer	5258
Just lock your bedroom door ....... and wait for him to leave .	Just lock your bedroom door ....... and wait for the senior minister to leave .	complex_np:him:senior minister	5259
Do we trust her ?	Do we trust the strong consumer ?	complex_np:her:strong consumer	5260
He is our head coach and we stand behind him .	He is our head coach and we stand behind the corporate lawyer .	complex_np:him:corporate lawyer	5261
We are so proud of him and how hard he works .	We are so proud of the same player and how hard he works .	complex_np:him:same player	5262
Federer still broke him .	Federer still broke the Chinese partner .	complex_np:him:Chinese partner	5263
" They love him , " White said of the crowd .	" They love the official biographer , " White said of the crowd .	complex_np:him:official biographer	5265
Stover e-mailed her as well .	Stover e-mailed the Russian leader as well .	complex_np:her:Russian leader	5266
" " I have always thought of him as Canada 's national treasure .	" " I have always thought of the silent killer as Canada 's national treasure .	complex_np:him:silent killer	5268
We need to help him a little bit more .	We need to help the executive producer a little bit more .	complex_np:him:executive producer	5269
Secretary Condoleezza Rice called him Monday .	Secretary Condoleezza Rice called the special player Monday .	complex_np:him:special player	5270
I 'll mace him off you .	I 'll mace the Spanish rider off you .	complex_np:him:Spanish rider	5271
But luckily for her , that part sailed by the officials .	But luckily for the evolutionary biologist , that part sailed by the officials .	complex_np:her:evolutionary biologist	5273
They took him to neurologists and psychologists .	They took the five-year-old daughter to neurologists and psychologists .	complex_np:him:five-year-old daughter	5274
Try not to let her do what she wants to do .	Try not to let the hooded robber do what she wants to do .	complex_np:her:hooded robber	5275
It took him 59 pitches to get just seven outs .	It took the general consumer 59 pitches to get just seven outs .	complex_np:him:general consumer	5277
" I do not want to , " he told her .	" I do not want to , " he told the main shareholder .	complex_np:her:main shareholder	5278
If he plays Sunday , all eyes will be on him .	If he plays Sunday , all eyes will be on the Republican contender .	complex_np:him:Republican contender	5279
The officers backed up and ordered him to stop , police said .	The officers backed up and ordered the first-time offender to stop , police said .	complex_np:him:first-time offender	5280
His passivity in this regard does not reflect well on him .	His passivity in this regard does not reflect well on the regional leader .	complex_np:him:regional leader	5281
Where had he left her ?	Where had he left the senior leader ?	complex_np:her:senior leader	5282
Congratulate her and let it go .	Congratulate the regular customer and let it go .	complex_np:her:regular customer	5283
I glanced over at her and smiled .	I glanced over at the young daughter and smiled .	complex_np:her:young daughter	5284
Ron does marry her .	Ron does marry the former minister .	complex_np:her:former minister	5292
" " Everybody really misses him .	" " Everybody really misses the first driver .	complex_np:him:first driver	5293
We will always miss and love him .	We will always miss and love the global manufacturer .	complex_np:him:global manufacturer	5294
It made him a believer in New York .	It made the bad mother a believer in New York .	complex_np:him:bad mother	5295
I would love him to be president , quite honestly .	I would love the Afghan photographer to be president , quite honestly .	complex_np:him:Afghan photographer	5297
Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel also sent Tusk her wishes .	Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel also sent Tusk the former publisher wishes .	complex_np:her:former publisher	5298
We have never seen him again .	We have never seen the British writer again .	complex_np:him:British writer	5300
My advice to him is to relax and enjoy himself .	My advice to the 26-year-old singer is to relax and enjoy himself .	complex_np:him:26-year-old singer	5301
She urged him to reconsider his veto threat .	She urged the new customer to reconsider his veto threat .	complex_np:him:new customer	5302
What was that like for her ?	What was that like for the American taxpayer ?	complex_np:her:American taxpayer	5303
He masters it , but it haunts him .	He masters it , but it haunts the offensive player .	complex_np:him:offensive player	5305
" " We cannot incarcerate him .	" " We cannot incarcerate the romantic partner .	complex_np:him:romantic partner	5307
U.S. authorities have never questioned him directly .	U.S. authorities have never questioned the third member directly .	complex_np:him:third member	5309
Boxing has made him .	Boxing has made the late founder .	complex_np:him:late founder	5310
Critics accuse him of corruption .	Critics accuse the great partner of corruption .	complex_np:him:great partner	5311
The work at auction was not just written by her .	The work at auction was not just written by the ailing father .	complex_np:her:ailing father	5313
" I have always liked him , " Ichimura said .	" I have always liked the ailing leader , " Ichimura said .	complex_np:him:ailing leader	5316
Finally , the electoral cycle is rather kind to him this year .	Finally , the electoral cycle is rather kind to the main driver this year .	complex_np:him:main driver	5318
Reyes said Olivo " is crazy sometimes " and challenged him .	Reyes said Olivo " is crazy sometimes " and challenged the video player .	complex_np:him:video player	5319
Sometimes I wonder if we have got to the bottom of him .	Sometimes I wonder if we have got to the bottom of the gold digger .	complex_np:him:gold digger	5322
I had never seen him before .	I had never seen the Greek runner before .	complex_np:him:Greek runner	5323
Isaac shuts the inventory notebook before him .	Isaac shuts the inventory notebook before the mobile consumer .	complex_np:him:mobile consumer	5324
There is no reason for you to confront him .	There is no reason for you to confront the last player .	complex_np:him:last player	5326
Then , at the last per- missible minute , they sued him .	Then , at the last per- missible minute , they sued the strong supporter .	complex_np:him:strong supporter	5327
Nothing short of a strike could have stopped him .	Nothing short of a strike could have stopped the regional manager .	complex_np:him:regional manager	5328
Men around him said he had been shot by police .	Men around the Islamic extremist said he had been shot by police .	complex_np:him:Islamic extremist	5329
I knew him since I was 4 or 5 years old .	I knew the valuable player since I was 4 or 5 years old .	complex_np:him:valuable player	5330
That may help her adjust to his irregular ways .	That may help the Open finalist adjust to his irregular ways .	complex_np:her:Open finalist	5331
And would have continued doing so had Julie not pushed him .	And would have continued doing so had Julie not pushed the new leader .	complex_np:him:new leader	5335
" You look cute in your gown , " he told her .	" You look cute in your gown , " he told the senior lawyer .	complex_np:her:senior lawyer	5337
DUCEY : 50 football players were sprinting right for her .	DUCEY : 50 football players were sprinting right for the Iraqi journalist .	complex_np:her:Iraqi journalist	5338
" I told her , " I 'll come and get ya .	" I told the alto saxophonist , " I 'll come and get ya .	complex_np:her:alto saxophonist	5340
She was going to let you pay for her .	She was going to let you pay for the sole bidder .	complex_np:her:sole bidder	5341
I have never had any trouble with him .	I have never had any trouble with the online broker .	complex_np:him:online broker	5342
It would take a lot to get him from us .	It would take a lot to get the noncommissioned officer from us .	complex_np:him:noncommissioned officer	5344
That call gave him 1,000 penalty minutes in his career .	That call gave the drunk driver 1,000 penalty minutes in his career .	complex_np:him:drunk driver	5345
Probably because I wrote in a very uncomplimentary way about him .	Probably because I wrote in a very uncomplimentary way about the commanding officer .	complex_np:him:commanding officer	5347
Pam : It is been very painful for him .	Pam : It is been very painful for the possible insider .	complex_np:him:possible insider	5348
He can smell her , he says .	He can smell the Celtic manager , he says .	complex_np:her:Celtic manager	5350
You 'll have to ask him .	You 'll have to ask the 95-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:95-year-old mother	5351
Hopefully , this will get him going .	Hopefully , this will get the global provider going .	complex_np:him:global provider	5352
You took him back to jail .	You took the environmental campaigner back to jail .	complex_np:him:environmental campaigner	5354
Her infant son fell beside her , badly injured .	Her infant son fell beside the Brazilian goalkeeper , badly injured .	complex_np:her:Brazilian goalkeeper	5355
Jamal Anderson , remember him ?	Jamal Anderson , remember the serial rapist ?	complex_np:him:serial rapist	5356
He would better have an offensive line that gives him time .	He would better have an offensive line that gives the public broadcaster time .	complex_np:him:public broadcaster	5357
Officers scolded him for driving 82 in a 45-mph zone .	Officers scolded the young officer for driving 82 in a 45-mph zone .	complex_np:him:young officer	5358
Do you believe him ?	Do you believe the five-year-old daughter ?	complex_np:him:five-year-old daughter	5359
You 'd have to ask him .	You 'd have to ask the main shareholder .	complex_np:him:main shareholder	5360
If so , get him a gift card .	If so , get the third player a gift card .	complex_np:him:third player	5361
We 'll roll right over him if we have to .	We 'll roll right over the German officer if we have to .	complex_np:him:German officer	5362
Presley told Nixon where the president could reach him .	Presley told Nixon where the president could reach the former employer .	complex_np:him:former employer	5363
But Mike might not want to play him .	But Mike might not want to play the clear front-runner .	complex_np:him:clear front-runner	5364
Her party is blaming the government for failing to protect her .	Her party is blaming the government for failing to protect the second player .	complex_np:her:second player	5365
Her first was for 1999 's Boys Don 't Cry .	The Irish writer first was for 1999 's Boys Don 't Cry .	complex_np:her:Irish writer	5366
Does he have to carry documents on him ?	Does he have to carry documents on the private owner ?	complex_np:him:private owner	5368
The report says Gloss struck Lowery repeatedly to keep him on the ground .	The report says Gloss struck Lowery repeatedly to keep the mobile consumer on the ground .	complex_np:him:mobile consumer	5370
I learned from her .	I learned from the evolutionary biologist .	complex_np:her:evolutionary biologist	5372
" " We will miss him for many years .	" " We will miss the former leader for many years .	complex_np:him:former leader	5373
We shouldn 't dismiss him so quickly .	We shouldn 't dismiss the powerful member so quickly .	complex_np:him:powerful member	5374
In September she survives an opposition attempt to impeach her .	In September she survives an opposition attempt to impeach the chief technologist .	complex_np:her:chief technologist	5376
Three days later , Karzai fired him .	Three days later , Karzai fired the black-sheep brother .	complex_np:him:black-sheep brother	5377
But now there will be extra scrutiny of him .	But now there will be extra scrutiny of the young writer .	complex_np:him:young writer	5378
Bo Derek : Endorsed Giuliani , stumped with him in California .	Bo Derek : Endorsed Giuliani , stumped with the Celtic defender in California .	complex_np:him:Celtic defender	5379
The Jets voted him their most inspirational teammate .	The Jets voted the nonprofit consumer their most inspirational teammate .	complex_np:him:nonprofit consumer	5380
Had he misjudged her ?	Had he misjudged the executive member ?	complex_np:her:executive member	5383
It was really depressing to look at him .	It was really depressing to look at the senior economist .	complex_np:him:senior economist	5384
Life imprisonment will not be enough for her .	Life imprisonment will not be enough for the top adviser .	complex_np:her:top adviser	5388
In July , the pediatrician sent her to a gastroenterologist .	In July , the pediatrician sent the former journalist to a gastroenterologist .	complex_np:her:former journalist	5389
Write him .	Write the Spanish rider .	complex_np:him:Spanish rider	5390
We wanted him to stay .	We wanted the young lawyer to stay .	complex_np:him:young lawyer	5391
Do they keep him ?	Do they keep the principal scientist ?	complex_np:him:principal scientist	5392
" They just hit him , " Acta said .	" They just hit the 4-year-old daughter , " Acta said .	complex_np:him:4-year-old daughter	5395
They also plan to erect a hoarding appealing for her to come forward .	They also plan to erect a hoarding appealing for the biological mother to come forward .	complex_np:her:biological mother	5396
I talked to Laura , talked to her twice .	I talked to Laura , talked to the communist leader twice .	complex_np:her:communist leader	5397
Alongside her was Wenceslao Ayap ?	Alongside the scientific officer was Wenceslao Ayap ?	complex_np:her:scientific officer	5398
Residents voted him in unanimously .	Residents voted the independent member in unanimously .	complex_np:him:independent member	5403
I 'll give my life for him , if I could .	I 'll give my life for the Celtic player , if I could .	complex_np:him:Celtic player	5404
I was driven to not let him down .	I was driven to not let the proud owner down .	complex_np:him:proud owner	5405
His family call him Richard .	His family call the private developer Richard .	complex_np:him:private developer	5406
They are civilization 's only chance to get to him .	They are civilization 's only chance to get to the social psychologist .	complex_np:him:social psychologist	5407
The officer said that Craig solicited him for sex .	The officer said that Craig solicited the British brewer for sex .	complex_np:him:British brewer	5412
Bonds waved back at the woman after she waved at him .	Bonds waved back at the woman after she waved at the black member .	complex_np:him:black member	5413
He is a good boy.I need to spend better time with him .	He is a good boy.I need to spend better time with the great manager .	complex_np:him:great manager	5415
" " We are all relieved for him and his family .	" " We are all relieved for the video player and his family .	complex_np:him:video player	5418
When you talk to him , you see that .	When you talk to the Iraqi journalist , you see that .	complex_np:him:Iraqi journalist	5420
She does not breed again until those young leave her .	She does not breed again until those young leave the English writer .	complex_np:her:English writer	5425
He was there , and one felt for him .	He was there , and one felt for the former minister .	complex_np:him:former minister	5426
I have met him , and I was much impressed .	I have met the perfect partner , and I was much impressed .	complex_np:him:perfect partner	5428
I wanted to warn him .	I wanted to warn the year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:year-old daughter	5429
Three nights later some 20 surviving airmen joined him for another performance .	Three nights later some 20 surviving airmen joined the innocent bystander for another performance .	complex_np:him:innocent bystander	5430
Simpson has said the items belonged to him .	Simpson has said the items belonged to the dry cleaner .	complex_np:him:dry cleaner	5431
I have yet to take him up on that offer .	I have yet to take the great partner up on that offer .	complex_np:him:great partner	5435
Just do not ask him to grade the papers .	Just do not ask the civilian leader to grade the papers .	complex_np:him:civilian leader	5436
The teacher began to cajole him .	The teacher began to cajole the special player .	complex_np:him:special player	5437
I told him I just threw 204 feet .	I told the diversified manufacturer I just threw 204 feet .	complex_np:him:diversified manufacturer	5440
Texans certainly know him a bit .	Texans certainly know the foreign fighter a bit .	complex_np:him:foreign fighter	5441
I guess they are afraid of letting the jury see her .	I guess they are afraid of letting the jury see the chief scientist .	complex_np:her:chief scientist	5442
He is got an aura around him .	He is got an aura around the former communist .	complex_np:him:former communist	5445
Another daughter , Anne Bronson , died before her .	Another daughter , Anne Bronson , died before the paternal grandfather .	complex_np:her:paternal grandfather	5446
He did not mention her by name .	He did not mention the paternal grandmother by name .	complex_np:her:paternal grandmother	5447
It would not be the same texture without him .	It would not be the same texture without the African leader .	complex_np:him:African leader	5448
Life is getting that reaction from her and getting that smile .	Life is getting that reaction from the British lender and getting that smile .	complex_np:her:British lender	5450
Yet he said the day off did not help him .	Yet he said the day off did not help the 19-game winner .	complex_np:him:19-game winner	5451
Do not tell him these games mean nothing .	Do not tell the residential customer these games mean nothing .	complex_np:him:residential customer	5452
But it is not only sad middle-aged women like me who adore him .	But it is not only sad middle-aged women like me who adore the Republican challenger .	complex_np:him:Republican challenger	5453
Mr. Thingue spent seven years learning the craft with him .	Mr. Thingue spent seven years learning the craft with the Spanish rider .	complex_np:him:Spanish rider	5454
The Texans are 1-3 without him .	The Texans are 1-3 without the twin brother .	complex_np:him:twin brother	5455
His supporters considered him a political visionary .	His supporters considered the interim leader a political visionary .	complex_np:him:interim leader	5457
Palmer has it in him .	Palmer has it in the Afghan soldier .	complex_np:him:Afghan soldier	5458
There is no way we are where we are without him .	There is no way we are where we are without the Cuban farmer .	complex_np:him:Cuban farmer	5460
I am so proud of her .	I am so proud of the late mother .	complex_np:her:late mother	5461
They were deliberately targeting him .	They were deliberately targeting the British writer .	complex_np:him:British writer	5462
With him went some of Sprint 's enthusiasm for WiMAX .	With the U.S.-born player went some of Sprint 's enthusiasm for WiMAX .	complex_np:him:U.S.-born player	5463
I always ask her over to watch the show .	I always ask the 23-year-old right-hander over to watch the show .	complex_np:her:23-year-old right-hander	5466
Govan took him to North Adams , Mass .	Govan took the regional manager to North Adams , Mass .	complex_np:him:regional manager	5467
His confession was used against him during the trial .	His confession was used against the unidentified runner during the trial .	complex_np:him:unidentified runner	5471
It is something that makes sense for him .	It is something that makes sense for the early supporter .	complex_np:him:early supporter	5472
It was something I wanted to do for her .	It was something I wanted to do for the key Buddhist .	complex_np:her:key Buddhist	5473
Teams concentrate inordinate amounts of attention on him .	Teams concentrate inordinate amounts of attention on the Democratic leader .	complex_np:him:Democratic leader	5475
But you will not see him crack a smile .	But you will not see the private buyer crack a smile .	complex_np:him:private buyer	5476
Perhaps those ( rugby ) balls are still troubling him .	Perhaps those ( rugby ) balls are still troubling the Chinese leader .	complex_np:him:Chinese leader	5477
I told him about my wildlife rescue work with cougars in Oregon .	I told the elderly father about my wildlife rescue work with cougars in Oregon .	complex_np:him:elderly father	5478
He got mad that I answered him in this way .	He got mad that I answered the political reporter in this way .	complex_np:him:political reporter	5480
Should you congratulate her ?	Should you congratulate the barefoot Buddhist ?	complex_np:her:barefoot Buddhist	5481
This defendant mutilated her .	This defendant mutilated the single shareholder .	complex_np:her:single shareholder	5482
He 'll have a difficult time persuading any jury not to convict him .	He 'll have a difficult time persuading any jury not to convict the first winner .	complex_np:him:first winner	5484
Bonds all but dared the government to indict him .	Bonds all but dared the government to indict the veteran striker .	complex_np:him:veteran striker	5487
Viktor Yanukovych , governor of Donetsk region , appointed to replace him .	Viktor Yanukovych , governor of Donetsk region , appointed to replace the new commander .	complex_np:him:new commander	5488
His father , James , smiles at him , shakes his head .	His father , James , smiles at the forensic anthropologist , shakes his head .	complex_np:him:forensic anthropologist	5489
What if he cannot take care of her ?	What if he cannot take care of the environmental campaigner ?	complex_np:her:environmental campaigner	5490
In a word , they despise her .	In a word , they despise the potential bidder .	complex_np:her:potential bidder	5491
We are going to need him to play big and come alive .	We are going to need the Foreign minister to play big and come alive .	complex_np:him:Foreign minister	5492
She and their two daughters survive him .	She and their two daughters survive the rival bidder .	complex_np:him:rival bidder	5493
We are all concerned about him .	We are all concerned about the Georgian leader .	complex_np:him:Georgian leader	5495
We have not even seen her since she was four .	We have not even seen the past keeper since she was four .	complex_np:her:past keeper	5497
He had spoken to her already about his excavations at Hissarlik .	He had spoken to the Baptist minister already about his excavations at Hissarlik .	complex_np:her:Baptist minister	5498
She practically abused him with foot stomps and face smacks throughout rehearsals .	She practically abused the young singer with foot stomps and face smacks throughout rehearsals .	complex_np:him:young singer	5499
Thomas said that proved the players remain behind him .	Thomas said that proved the players remain behind the financial officer .	complex_np:him:financial officer	5500
Officers from across South Florida joined in the search for him .	Officers from across South Florida joined in the search for the active leader .	complex_np:him:active leader	5501
Before they even held their newborn baby , doctors whisked her away .	Before they even held their newborn baby , doctors whisked the DVD player away .	complex_np:her:DVD player	5503
He was being discharged , he told her .	He was being discharged , he told the 14-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:14-year-old daughter	5504
I am a conviction politician like her .	I am a conviction politician like the Reluctant Fundamentalist .	complex_np:her:Reluctant Fundamentalist	5505
They trailed him to the underground station .	They trailed the new manager to the underground station .	complex_np:him:new manager	5506
The Giants drafted him with the 20th overall pick .	The Giants drafted the international partner with the 20th overall pick .	complex_np:him:international partner	5507
Love him forever ?	Love the religious leader forever ?	complex_np:him:religious leader	5510
There are so many people in this country who really like him .	There are so many people in this country who really like the overall winner .	complex_np:him:overall winner	5511
We talk about her .	We talk about the black leader .	complex_np:her:black leader	5512
The assembled business executives and dignitaries gave him a standing ovation .	The assembled business executives and dignitaries gave the political leader a standing ovation .	complex_np:him:political leader	5513
Little did he know who was appearing in front of him .	Little did he know who was appearing in front of the Afghan soldier .	complex_np:him:Afghan soldier	5515
The sergeant needed to talk over something that was worrying him .	The sergeant needed to talk over something that was worrying the lyrical terrorist .	complex_np:him:lyrical terrorist	5516
They also talked about killing her .	They also talked about killing the ineligible player .	complex_np:her:ineligible player	5518
No one told her that artists murder one another .	No one told the 23-year-old mother that artists murder one another .	complex_np:her:23-year-old mother	5519
God has a plan for him .	God has a plan for the 3-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:3-year-old daughter	5521
Officers arrested Simpson on Sunday and questioned him for several hours .	Officers arrested Simpson on Sunday and questioned the young designer for several hours .	complex_np:him:young designer	5522
But for once she had out-witted him .	But for once she had out-witted the dead ringer .	complex_np:him:dead ringer	5523
But the litigation bankrupted him .	But the litigation bankrupted the close adviser .	complex_np:him:close adviser	5524
Goodell had him dead to rights and imposed his sanctions .	Goodell had the proud owner dead to rights and imposed his sanctions .	complex_np:him:proud owner	5525
Opponents say his job as army chief should disqualify him .	Opponents say his job as army chief should disqualify the male artist .	complex_np:him:male artist	5526
Did you see that portrait of him ?	Did you see that portrait of the Italian designer ?	complex_np:him:Italian designer	5527
They have tried , and failed , to remove him .	They have tried , and failed , to remove the longtime leader .	complex_np:him:longtime leader	5530
Because it said so much about him .	Because it said so much about the big believer .	complex_np:him:big believer	5531
Ira tried to calm her .	Ira tried to calm the ideal partner .	complex_np:her:ideal partner	5532
A judge awarded custody to him .	A judge awarded custody to the presidential adviser .	complex_np:him:presidential adviser	5534
They are just trying to nail him .	They are just trying to nail the strict constructionist .	complex_np:him:strict constructionist	5543
How dare that detective question her ?	How dare that detective question the 300-game winner ?	complex_np:her:300-game winner	5547
I am over it - and her .	I am over it - and the planetary scientist .	complex_np:her:planetary scientist	5548
It is a very , very difficult time for him .	It is a very , very difficult time for the other partner .	complex_np:him:other partner	5549
Even his teammate Tony Stewart talked to him about it .	Even his teammate Tony Stewart talked to the former leader about it .	complex_np:him:former leader	5551
I sat with him through the night .	I sat with the 25-year-old daughter through the night .	complex_np:him:25-year-old daughter	5552
He suspected China , and shipping records proved him right .	He suspected China , and shipping records proved the other member right .	complex_np:him:other member	5553
They gave him a forged travel permit .	They gave the suspected leader a forged travel permit .	complex_np:him:suspected leader	5554
The reader in him was pleased by the trick .	The reader in the executive officer was pleased by the trick .	complex_np:him:executive officer	5556
A few days later , Julie contacted him .	A few days later , Julie contacted the national frontrunner .	complex_np:him:national frontrunner	5557
However , Wilkinson admitted the whole goalkicking process still made him nervous .	However , Wilkinson admitted the whole goalkicking process still made the Portuguese manager nervous .	complex_np:him:Portuguese manager	5558
Ms. Keys interrupted him .	Ms. Keys interrupted the late grandfather .	complex_np:him:late grandfather	5559
But I am not sure if that is the reason they invited him .	But I am not sure if that is the reason they invited the gold medalist .	complex_np:him:gold medalist	5560
The hospital evaluated and released her , he said .	The hospital evaluated and released the male customer , he said .	complex_np:her:male customer	5561
We are going to help him do that .	We are going to help the original member do that .	complex_np:him:original member	5563
And I agree with her .	And I agree with the Public broadcaster .	complex_np:her:Public broadcaster	5567
He went and jumped right in next to her .	He went and jumped right in next to the political reporter .	complex_np:her:political reporter	5568
Her parents want her to drop out of school .	Her parents want the top seller to drop out of school .	complex_np:her:top seller	5569
No one seems to give him a second look .	No one seems to give the Overnight leader a second look .	complex_np:him:Overnight leader	5571
It gave him 106 RBI for the season .	It gave the French soldier 106 RBI for the season .	complex_np:him:French soldier	5572
What was it like to beat her up ?	What was it like to beat the 23-year-old right-hander up ?	complex_np:her:23-year-old right-hander	5574
For him , the Ahwahnee has been a lifelong fascination .	For the left fielder , the Ahwahnee has been a lifelong fascination .	complex_np:him:left fielder	5575
She will probably kill him .	She will probably kill the top tourist .	complex_np:him:top tourist	5576
" Said the receiver : " I love him .	" Said the receiver : " I love the wonderful mother .	complex_np:him:wonderful mother	5578
Money , however , is of little consequence to him .	Money , however , is of little consequence to the 45-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:45-year-old mother	5579
We found a camp chair and a sandwich for her .	We found a camp chair and a sandwich for the French minister .	complex_np:her:French minister	5581
She had told him exactly nothing .	She had told the costume designer exactly nothing .	complex_np:him:costume designer	5583
I support him on job creation .	I support the junior minister on job creation .	complex_np:him:junior minister	5585
Nobody bothers her .	Nobody bothers the German automaker .	complex_np:her:German automaker	5586
I cannot imagine this team without her .	I cannot imagine this team without the overall customer .	complex_np:her:overall customer	5587
I had no reservations in discharging her .	I had no reservations in discharging the great fighter .	complex_np:her:great fighter	5589
A Scarpa crew allegedly picked up Porco and executed him .	A Scarpa crew allegedly picked up Porco and executed the current owner .	complex_np:him:current owner	5590
She would have loved him .	She would have loved the general officer .	complex_np:him:general officer	5591
I just wanted to talk to her .	I just wanted to talk to the 26-year-old singer .	complex_np:her:26-year-old singer	5592
My friends liked him .	My friends liked the Celtic midfielder .	complex_np:him:Celtic midfielder	5595
A message was left at Emerson for her .	A message was left at Emerson for the major shareholder .	complex_np:her:major shareholder	5599
He looked behind him .	He looked behind the former banker .	complex_np:him:former banker	5601
Conceivably , they might have ruled against him .	Conceivably , they might have ruled against the pro wrestler .	complex_np:him:pro wrestler	5602
It is also getting her the black vote .	It is also getting the British lender the black vote .	complex_np:her:British lender	5603
They hired him .	They hired the armed robber .	complex_np:him:armed robber	5604
But I 'll leave that to him .	But I 'll leave that to the Celtic goalkeeper .	complex_np:him:Celtic goalkeeper	5605
Why did my dad never write to her ?	Why did my dad never write to the new father ?	complex_np:her:new father	5606
That is a quote from her .	That is a quote from the former driver .	complex_np:her:former driver	5608
Our team has confidence in him .	Our team has confidence in the troubled lender .	complex_np:him:troubled lender	5609
I think fear got the best of her .	I think fear got the best of the wonderful mother .	complex_np:her:wonderful mother	5611
The image stayed with him despite his loss .	The image stayed with the political scientist despite his loss .	complex_np:him:political scientist	5612
His movie stardom gave him unusual influence .	His movie stardom gave the popular leader unusual influence .	complex_np:him:popular leader	5614
He carried on punching Mr Marrow until bystanders managed to hold him back .	He carried on punching Mr Marrow until bystanders managed to hold the Chinese manufacturer back .	complex_np:him:Chinese manufacturer	5615
You , Sellers , spotted him as such .	You , Sellers , spotted the weak consumer as such .	complex_np:him:weak consumer	5616
He struck out four , giving him an AL-best 235 .	He struck out four , giving the professional footballer an AL-best 235 .	complex_np:him:professional footballer	5617
I talk to her on the computer .	I talk to the Republican lawmaker on the computer .	complex_np:her:Republican lawmaker	5618
Golden insisted on taking Nassetta with him .	Golden insisted on taking Nassetta with the Portuguese manager .	complex_np:him:Portuguese manager	5619
Brown ran into the Bethesda Station , which police searched without finding him .	Brown ran into the Bethesda Station , which police searched without finding the major producer .	complex_np:him:major producer	5620
I took the glass from her and set it down .	I took the glass from the Afghan leader and set it down .	complex_np:her:Afghan leader	5621
I tried to be present with her .	I tried to be present with the major provider .	complex_np:her:major provider	5622
So are her parents .	So are the Chinese leader parents .	complex_np:her:Chinese leader	5623
Then stab him .	Then stab the overall winner .	complex_np:him:overall winner	5625
The Romney camp may pay him or something .	The Romney camp may pay the clear front-runner or something .	complex_np:him:clear front-runner	5626
Strahan recalled him saying .	Strahan recalled the devoted mother saying .	complex_np:him:devoted mother	5628
The other photographers pitched in to teach her .	The other photographers pitched in to teach the French writer .	complex_np:her:French writer	5629
They were loyal to him personally .	They were loyal to the global developer personally .	complex_np:him:global developer	5631
But we knew that as soon as we saw him .	But we knew that as soon as we saw the weak consumer .	complex_np:him:weak consumer	5632
But I have maintained a good relationship with him .	But I have maintained a good relationship with the lyrical terrorist .	complex_np:him:lyrical terrorist	5633
They do not want to disappoint him .	They do not want to disappoint the Democratic frontrunner .	complex_np:him:Democratic frontrunner	5634
She and their four daughters survive him .	She and their four daughters survive the 30-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:30-year-old mother	5635
Boy , were we glad to have him back .	Boy , were we glad to have the assistant manager back .	complex_np:him:assistant manager	5637
Detective Oakwood stared at her .	Detective Oakwood stared at the industrial designer .	complex_np:her:industrial designer	5639
They found no trace of her .	They found no trace of the veteran spacewalker .	complex_np:her:veteran spacewalker	5640
" Look , this is not you , " she told him .	" Look , this is not you , " she told the senior economist .	complex_np:him:senior economist	5641
But there is something extra about him as well .	But there is something extra about the naval commander as well .	complex_np:him:naval commander	5642
For her , the capital was a revelation .	For the significant player , the capital was a revelation .	complex_np:her:significant player	5644
But it was nice to see him after the game .	But it was nice to see the past keeper after the game .	complex_np:him:past keeper	5645
" We 'll talk about this later , " Lee told him .	" We 'll talk about this later , " Lee told the public broadcaster .	complex_np:him:public broadcaster	5646
The Tories gave him a scream soundtrack .	The Tories gave the French soldier a scream soundtrack .	complex_np:him:French soldier	5647
Chino fled back to Spain before the Moroccan police could find him .	Chino fled back to Spain before the Moroccan police could find the 36-year-old rapper .	complex_np:him:36-year-old rapper	5649
All I can do now is offer her my unconditional support .	All I can do now is offer the female driver my unconditional support .	complex_np:her:female driver	5650
The body was not what was bothering her .	The body was not what was bothering the top player .	complex_np:her:top player	5652
Nan 's confusion about their motives panics him .	Nan 's confusion about their motives panics the troubled lender .	complex_np:him:troubled lender	5655
Their eyes shine back at him .	Their eyes shine back at the would-be bomber .	complex_np:him:would-be bomber	5656
Now , she believes I should just sit home with her .	Now , she believes I should just sit home with the important member .	complex_np:her:important member	5658
They made him not only a willing soldier but a capable leader .	They made the major player not only a willing soldier but a capable leader .	complex_np:him:major player	5659
One said his girlfriend had urged him to do it .	One said his girlfriend had urged the clear front-runner to do it .	complex_np:him:clear front-runner	5660
" That is him out there , you know , " she said .	" That is the staunch supporter out there , you know , " she said .	complex_np:him:staunch supporter	5661
New Zealand has sent the U.S. an arrest warrant for him .	New Zealand has sent the U.S. an arrest warrant for the online broker .	complex_np:him:online broker	5662
Don 't let her get to you .	Don 't let the Venezuelan leader get to you .	complex_np:her:Venezuelan leader	5664
As a result , Tigger 's behaviour causes concern to those around him .	As a result , Tigger 's behaviour causes concern to those around the alleged shooter .	complex_np:him:alleged shooter	5665
I did not rate her .	I did not rate the 26-year-old singer .	complex_np:her:26-year-old singer	5666
I came down to see if I could find him .	I came down to see if I could find the overall winner .	complex_np:him:overall winner	5668
" " I want him to succeed .	" " I want the 81-year-old leader to succeed .	complex_np:him:81-year-old leader	5669
Having him work with MMA and HDNet Fights would be huge .	Having the paternal grandmother work with MMA and HDNet Fights would be huge .	complex_np:him:paternal grandmother	5671
He killed her .	He killed the military lawyer .	complex_np:her:military lawyer	5672
So , should you tell her ?	So , should you tell the political reporter ?	complex_np:her:political reporter	5673
The sea continued to be important to him .	The sea continued to be important to the longtime partner .	complex_np:him:longtime partner	5674
Sarah King says such groups have transformed him .	Sarah King says such groups have transformed the limited partner .	complex_np:him:limited partner	5675
It eventually started to be a chore talking to her .	It eventually started to be a chore talking to the first-time buyer .	complex_np:her:first-time buyer	5677
Guns have been a particular problem for him .	Guns have been a particular problem for the main tourist .	complex_np:him:main tourist	5678
They accused him of being " self-centred " and lacking judgment .	They accused the former driver of being " self-centred " and lacking judgment .	complex_np:him:former driver	5679
Within minutes , a chocolate protein drink is brought to him .	Within minutes , a chocolate protein drink is brought to the prominent activist .	complex_np:him:prominent activist	5680
A : I love playing her !	A : I love playing the longtime manager !	complex_np:her:longtime manager	5683
Dementieva 's serve failed her .	Dementieva 's serve failed the net importer .	complex_np:her:net importer	5685
She looked over at him in mild surprise .	She looked over at the 7-year-old daughter in mild surprise .	complex_np:him:7-year-old daughter	5686
His teachers believes his musical ear has helped him linguistically .	His teachers believes his musical ear has helped the lucky winner linguistically .	complex_np:him:lucky winner	5687
Of course , Shaver still has some fight left in him .	Of course , Shaver still has some fight left in the female driver .	complex_np:him:female driver	5688
The flower helped her feel fulfilled .	The flower helped the British writer feel fulfilled .	complex_np:her:British writer	5690
For the rest of the night she owned him .	For the rest of the night she owned the gold digger .	complex_np:him:gold digger	5692
But several screamed in protest when officers prepared to shock him .	But several screamed in protest when officers prepared to shock the newborn daughter .	complex_np:him:newborn daughter	5693
You 'll need something really special to go and catch her .	You 'll need something really special to go and catch the Female artist .	complex_np:her:Female artist	5694
" It is so unfortunate for him , " he said Tuesday .	" It is so unfortunate for the militant Islamist , " he said Tuesday .	complex_np:him:militant Islamist	5695
He emphasized his 10 national titles and asked how anybody could question him .	He emphasized his 10 national titles and asked how anybody could question the radical Islamist .	complex_np:him:radical Islamist	5697
" Our Christmas is with him , " she said .	" Our Christmas is with the single shareholder , " she said .	complex_np:him:single shareholder	5701
Rice then stabbed Senitt as he tried to protect her .	Rice then stabbed Senitt as he tried to protect the premier provider .	complex_np:her:premier provider	5702
" I am really loving him , " Dixon said .	" I am really loving the petty officer , " Dixon said .	complex_np:him:petty officer	5703
When the police offered him the opportunity ?	When the police offered the 44-year-old left-hander the opportunity ?	complex_np:him:44-year-old left-hander	5704
I called the agency and made our request to adopt him .	I called the agency and made our request to adopt the Chinese journalist .	complex_np:him:Chinese journalist	5706
The defense department official got a colleague to write his note for him .	The defense department official got a colleague to write his note for the Lead researcher .	complex_np:him:Lead researcher	5707
Such a statement is embarrassing to him .	Such a statement is embarrassing to the missing adventurer .	complex_np:him:missing adventurer	5708
They decided to try to co-opt Dr. ElBaradei rather than isolate him .	They decided to try to co-opt Dr. ElBaradei rather than isolate the executive producer .	complex_np:him:executive producer	5709
Is there something you want to say to her ?	Is there something you want to say to the ailing father ?	complex_np:her:ailing father	5710
And I am happy to have that debate with him .	And I am happy to have that debate with the former adviser .	complex_np:him:former adviser	5711
are really pleased with her .	are really pleased with the Swedish industrialist .	complex_np:her:Swedish industrialist	5712
I never saw him exaggerate , underestimate or overestimate his role .	I never saw the American cyclist exaggerate , underestimate or overestimate his role .	complex_np:him:American cyclist	5713
And that intensity , the candidate acknowledged , is increasingly focused on her .	And that intensity , the candidate acknowledged , is increasingly focused on the medical examiner .	complex_np:her:medical examiner	5714
These pie-in-the-sky predictions keep him well employed .	These pie-in-the-sky predictions keep the political officer well employed .	complex_np:him:political officer	5715
But the Royal Swedish Opera has made few serious attempts to engage him .	But the Royal Swedish Opera has made few serious attempts to engage the former lover .	complex_np:him:former lover	5716
Her performances earned her an Oscar nomination .	Her performances earned the Turkish soldier an Oscar nomination .	complex_np:her:Turkish soldier	5717
" I drive him all over , " he said .	" I drive the lead scientist all over , " he said .	complex_np:him:lead scientist	5721
We will officially apologize to her .	We will officially apologize to the assistant manager .	complex_np:her:assistant manager	5722
He does not do it intentionally , but it does not bother him .	He does not do it intentionally , but it does not bother the struggling automaker .	complex_np:him:struggling automaker	5724
Not that directing is ever really a rush for him .	Not that directing is ever really a rush for the professional soldier .	complex_np:him:professional soldier	5726
He is a free agent after the Giants decided not to re-sign him .	He is a free agent after the Giants decided not to re-sign the revolutionary leader .	complex_np:him:revolutionary leader	5727
Mr. Sweet called out to him to stop .	Mr. Sweet called out to the little sister to stop .	complex_np:him:little sister	5728
We award him three Pinocchios .	We award the European consumer three Pinocchios .	complex_np:him:European consumer	5729
Had he seen her take the photo ?	Had he seen the young daughter take the photo ?	complex_np:her:young daughter	5732
She drops , he drops upon her .	She drops , he drops upon the defensive player .	complex_np:her:defensive player	5733
It inspired him to pursue his ministry through television .	It inspired the female passenger to pursue his ministry through television .	complex_np:him:female passenger	5735
A third time , Reagan said , Kline tackled her .	A third time , Reagan said , Kline tackled the Republican frontrunner .	complex_np:her:Republican frontrunner	5736
Does she adore him , and if not , why not ?	Does she adore the 6-year-old daughter , and if not , why not ?	complex_np:him:6-year-old daughter	5738
" We definitely feed off him , " Ayodele said .	" We definitely feed off the Italian designer , " Ayodele said .	complex_np:him:Italian designer	5740
So will Israel do the job for him ?	So will Israel do the job for the popular tourist ?	complex_np:him:popular tourist	5742
It is hard to express how much I shall miss him .	It is hard to express how much I shall miss the industrial hygienist .	complex_np:him:industrial hygienist	5744
Other Bhutto supporters apparently went ahead with the procession without her .	Other Bhutto supporters apparently went ahead with the procession without the national officer .	complex_np:her:national officer	5745
He fought the nurses who tried to calm him down .	He fought the nurses who tried to calm the favorite player down .	complex_np:him:favorite player	5746
They like her , and she loves them .	They like the Lebanese lawmaker , and she loves them .	complex_np:her:Lebanese lawmaker	5748
He even looked liked him .	He even looked liked the religious leader .	complex_np:him:religious leader	5749
It was very sad for her to find this out .	It was very sad for the Italian striker to find this out .	complex_np:her:Italian striker	5751
Next Thursday will show how much faith Iowa has in him .	Next Thursday will show how much faith Iowa has in the 16-year-old sister .	complex_np:him:16-year-old sister	5752
Jessica Simpson wants her a man .	Jessica Simpson wants the suspected bomber a man .	complex_np:her:suspected bomber	5755
Dida 's theatrical over-reaction has resulted in UEFA suspending him for two matches .	Dida 's theatrical over-reaction has resulted in UEFA suspending the good player for two matches .	complex_np:him:good player	5756
She e-mailed him only a few weeks ago , he said .	She e-mailed the full member only a few weeks ago , he said .	complex_np:him:full member	5757
The Angels are vying for their third division title since obtaining him .	The Angels are vying for their third division title since obtaining the structural engineer .	complex_np:him:structural engineer	5759
She helped him with English .	She helped the corporate manager with English .	complex_np:him:corporate manager	5760
His fellow judges revere him .	His fellow judges revere the professional soldier .	complex_np:him:professional soldier	5761
Maybe Pimco gave him more love .	Maybe Pimco gave the political scientist more love .	complex_np:him:political scientist	5762
I told him you are leaving .	I told the strong leader you are leaving .	complex_np:him:strong leader	5763
Hayden is enormously dedicated ; losing destroys him .	Hayden is enormously dedicated ; losing destroys the American manufacturer .	complex_np:him:American manufacturer	5764
Problems in the extended family also affected him deeply .	Problems in the extended family also affected the public defender deeply .	complex_np:him:public defender	5765
A Republican Party desperate for a conservative standard-bearer encouraged him to run .	A Republican Party desperate for a conservative standard-bearer encouraged the Iraqi interpreter to run .	complex_np:him:Iraqi interpreter	5766
And it was great for her .	And it was great for the former butler .	complex_np:her:former butler	5768
Dad 's dwarfed by the gifts we offer him .	Dad 's dwarfed by the gifts we offer the first player .	complex_np:him:first player	5769
Truman fired him .	Truman fired the former reporter .	complex_np:him:former reporter	5770
Judy Anderson started screaming and Joe McEnroe turned his gun on her .	Judy Anderson started screaming and Joe McEnroe turned his gun on the long-distance runner .	complex_np:her:long-distance runner	5771
But the life-force in him was not easily crushed .	But the life-force in the drunk driver was not easily crushed .	complex_np:him:drunk driver	5772
They stripped him of his first-place title .	They stripped the Swedish artist of his first-place title .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	5773
He assured her it could .	He assured the radical Islamist it could .	complex_np:her:radical Islamist	5776
He called her the perfect role model .	He called the British archaeologist the perfect role model .	complex_np:her:British archaeologist	5778
It was the question on immigration that surprised him .	It was the question on immigration that surprised the noncommissioned officer .	complex_np:him:noncommissioned officer	5779
It was hard for him to resist eating .	It was hard for the former butler to resist eating .	complex_np:him:former butler	5780
Had she called him Uncle Arthur ?	Had she called the surrogate father Uncle Arthur ?	complex_np:him:surrogate father	5781
I gave him props for that .	I gave the domestic partner props for that .	complex_np:him:domestic partner	5782
Mora 's mother wants the Army to explain his death to her .	Mora 's mother wants the Army to explain his death to the second officer .	complex_np:her:second officer	5783
That is not a good trend line for him .	That is not a good trend line for the new player .	complex_np:him:new player	5784
Beside him , his father wept .	Beside the official biographer , his father wept .	complex_np:him:official biographer	5785
He tells of plots to assassinate him .	He tells of plots to assassinate the former officer .	complex_np:him:former officer	5788
I think we killed him .	I think we killed the 27-year-old right-hander .	complex_np:him:27-year-old right-hander	5789
Prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty against him .	Prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty against the American worker .	complex_np:him:American worker	5790
But it was his approach that took him places .	But it was his approach that took the Conservative member places .	complex_np:him:Conservative member	5791
But some other local attorneys claim that Simpson wanted them to represent him .	But some other local attorneys claim that Simpson wanted them to represent the former lawmaker .	complex_np:him:former lawmaker	5792
But right-wing activists promised to oppose him .	But right-wing activists promised to oppose the 300-game winner .	complex_np:him:300-game winner	5793
The teachers would become angry , and students would taunt him .	The teachers would become angry , and students would taunt the top-ranked player .	complex_np:him:top-ranked player	5795
They want him to do well .	They want the Fast bowler to do well .	complex_np:him:Fast bowler	5796
Who cares if he never wrote a symphony that satisfied him ?	Who cares if he never wrote a symphony that satisfied the old daughter ?	complex_np:him:old daughter	5797
Colleagues at National Geographic held a surprise shower for her recently .	Colleagues at National Geographic held a surprise shower for the international player recently .	complex_np:her:international player	5799
Without him , Federer reassumes his customary role as solid favorite .	Without the chief lawyer , Federer reassumes his customary role as solid favorite .	complex_np:him:chief lawyer	5800
Household item that defines him : My Taschen books .	Household item that defines the missing teenager : My Taschen books .	complex_np:him:missing teenager	5801
" Look at him , he is happy , " he said .	" Look at the environmental scientist , he is happy , " he said .	complex_np:him:environmental scientist	5804
I saw a man praying as the soldiers were beating him .	I saw a man praying as the soldiers were beating the Iranian officer .	complex_np:him:Iranian officer	5808
On the attempt to assassinate her in October .	On the attempt to assassinate the unidentified runner in October .	complex_np:her:unidentified runner	5809
Smoke and heat drove him back outside .	Smoke and heat drove the online provider back outside .	complex_np:him:online provider	5810
She also decried " the McCarthyite hysteria " that surrounded her .	She also decried " the McCarthyite hysteria " that surrounded the industrial worker .	complex_np:her:industrial worker	5813
The " evidence " against her had not held up .	The " evidence " against the top-10 player had not held up .	complex_np:her:top-10 player	5814
I definitely hurt him a couple times .	I definitely hurt the former prisoner a couple times .	complex_np:him:former prisoner	5816
Heier told her it was unacceptable .	Heier told the Indian leader it was unacceptable .	complex_np:her:Indian leader	5817
Getz declined to make him available for an interview .	Getz declined to make the militant leader available for an interview .	complex_np:him:militant leader	5818
I think Robert Redford gave it to her .	I think Robert Redford gave it to the former lawmaker .	complex_np:her:former lawmaker	5821
Zhong-Hua waved and thanked him again .	Zhong-Hua waved and thanked the authorized user again .	complex_np:him:authorized user	5822
I 'll miss him being around all the time .	I 'll miss the black member being around all the time .	complex_np:him:black member	5823
She may also rely on him in other ways .	She may also rely on the dead mother in other ways .	complex_np:him:dead mother	5824
Why did Allardyce insist on signing him ?	Why did Allardyce insist on signing the animal lover ?	complex_np:him:animal lover	5827
I am not asking him to do more .	I am not asking the Celtic goalkeeper to do more .	complex_np:him:Celtic goalkeeper	5828
He says he is more interested in hiring her .	He says he is more interested in hiring the final arbiter .	complex_np:her:final arbiter	5829
During the debate , McCain 's line earned him a standing ovation .	During the debate , McCain 's line earned the top player a standing ovation .	complex_np:him:top player	5830
But none of that seems to faze her .	But none of that seems to faze the Democratic contender .	complex_np:her:Democratic contender	5831
His mother faces charges for buying him the carbine .	His mother faces charges for buying the Afghan soldier the carbine .	complex_np:him:Afghan soldier	5835
Harry Truman , his vice president , succeeded him as president .	Harry Truman , his vice president , succeeded the French tourist as president .	complex_np:him:French tourist	5837
We cannot make him a woman .	We cannot make the British writer a woman .	complex_np:him:British writer	5838
I said I would tell her when I found it .	I said I would tell the missing teenager when I found it .	complex_np:her:missing teenager	5840
That was in 1961 , and his glory years lay before him .	That was in 1961 , and his glory years lay before the global player .	complex_np:him:global player	5841
ERROL MORRIS : Can I see the article you sent her ?	ERROL MORRIS : Can I see the article you sent the Islamic extremist ?	complex_np:her:Islamic extremist	5842
And the resistance has surprised him .	And the resistance has surprised the senior leader .	complex_np:him:senior leader	5845
She saw the rock as it hurtled toward her .	She saw the rock as it hurtled toward the valuable member .	complex_np:her:valuable member	5847
A dog who saves her from a fire .	A dog who saves the two-year customer from a fire .	complex_np:her:two-year customer	5848
In fact , we all loved him .	In fact , we all loved the long-distance runner .	complex_np:him:long-distance runner	5849
Avery parked next to Devils goaltender Martin Brodeur and attempted to rile him .	Avery parked next to Devils goaltender Martin Brodeur and attempted to rile the clear front-runner .	complex_np:him:clear front-runner	5850
She has cut him back this year .	She has cut the professional player back this year .	complex_np:him:professional player	5851
He did not return calls and e-mails asking him for comment .	He did not return calls and e-mails asking the Brazilian artist for comment .	complex_np:him:Brazilian artist	5852
And it is unfair on him .	And it is unfair on the former commissioner .	complex_np:him:former commissioner	5853
He thinks politics drove him from his position .	He thinks politics drove the Spanish striker from his position .	complex_np:him:Spanish striker	5855
Police are said to be trying to trace him .	Police are said to be trying to trace the new partner .	complex_np:him:new partner	5857
Thomas ' attorney , Brian Toder , asked her .	Thomas ' attorney , Brian Toder , asked the senior researcher .	complex_np:her:senior researcher	5859
The car that hit him left the scene .	The car that hit the technical officer left the scene .	complex_np:him:technical officer	5860
Analysts have described him as pro-American .	Analysts have described the commanding officer as pro-American .	complex_np:him:commanding officer	5861
I found this upsetting and removed him from the nursery .	I found this upsetting and removed the single mother from the nursery .	complex_np:him:single mother	5862
His new team redesigned their uniforms for him .	His new team redesigned their uniforms for the Republican member .	complex_np:him:Republican member	5863
I get him on the phone .	I get the year-old daughter on the phone .	complex_np:him:year-old daughter	5864
Personal relationships matter intensely to him .	Personal relationships matter intensely to the proud father .	complex_np:him:proud father	5866
No one warned her that some artists were strong and virile-looking .	No one warned the former soldier that some artists were strong and virile-looking .	complex_np:her:former soldier	5867
She says she washed the lady 's hair and stuff for her .	She says she washed the lady 's hair and stuff for the former lawyer .	complex_np:her:former lawyer	5869
He sends them out to whore for him , literally and figuratively .	He sends them out to whore for the Celtic striker , literally and figuratively .	complex_np:him:Celtic striker	5871
The polls were trending against him .	The polls were trending against the French defender .	complex_np:him:French defender	5873
The father regularly hits Jazeera and threatens to beat her to death .	The father regularly hits Jazeera and threatens to beat the new user to death .	complex_np:her:new user	5877
It is familiar to him .	It is familiar to the major shareholder .	complex_np:him:major shareholder	5879
I was angry with her myself about something else .	I was angry with the local partner myself about something else .	complex_np:her:local partner	5880
Some wanted to hug him .	Some wanted to hug the joint winner .	complex_np:him:joint winner	5882
I do not know how I could repay him for that .	I do not know how I could repay the winning trainer for that .	complex_np:him:winning trainer	5883
Mr. Sandri died even though an ambulance crew tried to revive him .	Mr. Sandri died even though an ambulance crew tried to revive the online customer .	complex_np:him:online customer	5885
A divorce kept her from playing the Australian Open .	A divorce kept the Chinese consumer from playing the Australian Open .	complex_np:her:Chinese consumer	5886
But can you blame him ?	But can you blame the long-term partner ?	complex_np:him:long-term partner	5887
I really like him , and most everything is going well .	I really like the female member , and most everything is going well .	complex_np:him:female member	5889
" I still have contact with him , " McNichol said .	" I still have contact with the presidential front-runner , " McNichol said .	complex_np:him:presidential front-runner	5891
He was not familiar with her .	He was not familiar with the proven leader .	complex_np:her:proven leader	5893
And I did not see him .	And I did not see the legal adviser .	complex_np:him:legal adviser	5894
My husband does not even mind me having a crush on him .	My husband does not even mind me having a crush on the good teacher .	complex_np:him:good teacher	5896
I was engaged to her .	I was engaged to the administrative officer .	complex_np:her:administrative officer	5899
If you want , you can even tell him to leave .	If you want , you can even tell the global player to leave .	complex_np:him:global player	5900
The fans cheered wildly for him as he left the field .	The fans cheered wildly for the former firefighter as he left the field .	complex_np:him:former firefighter	5901
It is messy and horrifying for him -- and us .	It is messy and horrifying for the Christian activist -- and us .	complex_np:him:Christian activist	5903
His message to politicians echoes the simple homilies his grandfather taught him .	His message to politicians echoes the simple homilies his grandfather taught the six-time winner .	complex_np:him:six-time winner	5906
I gave him some homework to work on .	I gave the main driver some homework to work on .	complex_np:him:main driver	5909
We want him at Wigan .	We want the professional footballer at Wigan .	complex_np:him:professional footballer	5910
For her to get in before Ronstadt is a joke .	For the male officer to get in before Ronstadt is a joke .	complex_np:her:male officer	5911
They never allowed him out of the city .	They never allowed the Spanish rider out of the city .	complex_np:him:Spanish rider	5912
Then he bit her on the finger .	Then he bit the 4-year-old daughter on the finger .	complex_np:her:4-year-old daughter	5913
Albert Reed forgot what worked for him in Week 1 .	Albert Reed forgot what worked for the central banker in Week 1 .	complex_np:him:central banker	5914
Mr Gonzalez Macchi survives a vote to remove him from office .	Mr Gonzalez Macchi survives a vote to remove the political newcomer from office .	complex_np:him:political newcomer	5915
Abreu coached him personally .	Abreu coached the Italian striker personally .	complex_np:him:Italian striker	5916
Stepney has denied the accusations against him .	Stepney has denied the accusations against the black-sheep brother .	complex_np:him:black-sheep brother	5917
She is very like her .	She is very like the Republican front-runner .	complex_np:her:Republican front-runner	5918
We buried him on Thursday at Rumangabo .	We buried the 49-year-old singer on Thursday at Rumangabo .	complex_np:him:49-year-old singer	5919
He said that allows voters to identify with him .	He said that allows voters to identify with the strong contender .	complex_np:him:strong contender	5921
Blake drove him in with a single to right .	Blake drove the forehand winner in with a single to right .	complex_np:him:forehand winner	5923
He dives deep into their lives and we dive with him .	He dives deep into their lives and we dive with the solo artist .	complex_np:him:solo artist	5924
" I know him this way , " she said .	" I know the longtime manager this way , " she said .	complex_np:him:longtime manager	5925
Let him relax .	Let the Japanese automaker relax .	complex_np:him:Japanese automaker	5926
" You have to take care of yourself , " he tells her .	" You have to take care of yourself , " he tells the Edinburgh-based brewer .	complex_np:her:Edinburgh-based brewer	5928
" We cannot promise anybody anything , " Bowa said Cashman told him .	" We cannot promise anybody anything , " Bowa said Cashman told the British toddler .	complex_np:him:British toddler	5929
The role affected him greatly .	The role affected the commanding officer greatly .	complex_np:him:commanding officer	5931
She is going to be talking to him in Spanish .	She is going to be talking to the American journalist in Spanish .	complex_np:him:American journalist	5932
The power-sharing deal with Ms Bhutto is a smart move by him .	The power-sharing deal with Ms Bhutto is a smart move by the strategic bomber .	complex_np:him:strategic bomber	5933
You can speak with him .	You can speak with the former minister .	complex_np:him:former minister	5934
If he does end up resigning , it will rebound on her .	If he does end up resigning , it will rebound on the Baptist preacher .	complex_np:her:Baptist preacher	5936
His two stillborn babies were buried with him .	His two stillborn babies were buried with the former master .	complex_np:him:former master	5938
Some contend that Pakistan would be better off without him .	Some contend that Pakistan would be better off without the principal scientist .	complex_np:him:principal scientist	5939
I am proud of him , he is a martyr .	I am proud of the new manager , he is a martyr .	complex_np:him:new manager	5940
Padres C Michael Barrett was reinstated him from the 15-day DL .	Padres C Michael Barrett was reinstated the Democratic front-runner from the 15-day DL .	complex_np:him:Democratic front-runner	5942
In September , InPhonic sent him one rebate .	In September , InPhonic sent the previous owner one rebate .	complex_np:him:previous owner	5943
These were my true words to him .	These were my true words to the foster mother .	complex_np:him:foster mother	5944
" It just evolved that way for him , " Lofton said .	" It just evolved that way for the American worker , " Lofton said .	complex_np:him:American worker	5946
Three of Pichushkin 's victims survived and one identified him .	Three of Pichushkin 's victims survived and one identified the young designer .	complex_np:him:young designer	5947
" There was nothing glamorous about her , " he said .	" There was nothing glamorous about the new master , " he said .	complex_np:her:new master	5948
Will it prevent him from working ?	Will it prevent the elderly father from working ?	complex_np:him:elderly father	5951
Don 't bid your partner 's cards for him .	Don 't bid your partner 's cards for the Reluctant Fundamentalist .	complex_np:him:Reluctant Fundamentalist	5952
I asked him why the police cannot stop the blood-letting .	I asked the 1-year-old daughter why the police cannot stop the blood-letting .	complex_np:him:1-year-old daughter	5953
But Bhutto 's supporters went ahead with the procession without her .	But Bhutto 's supporters went ahead with the procession without the white hunter .	complex_np:her:white hunter	5955
Easy for her to say .	Easy for the 95-year-old mother to say .	complex_np:her:95-year-old mother	5956
But they shot him on purpose , right ?	But they shot the highest-ranked player on purpose , right ?	complex_np:him:highest-ranked player	5957
He then apparently took her to Alabama .	He then apparently took the significant customer to Alabama .	complex_np:her:significant customer	5959
Medical workers pronounced him dead at the scene .	Medical workers pronounced the Dutch striker dead at the scene .	complex_np:him:Dutch striker	5960
" This is no time to sleep , " he told her .	" This is no time to sleep , " he told the international master .	complex_np:her:international master	5961
And that is exactly how we like him .	And that is exactly how we like the Swedish artist .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	5963
Both fathers agreed to let their children go with her .	Both fathers agreed to let their children go with the other partner .	complex_np:her:other partner	5964
Gotbaum 's family has accused police of mistreating her .	Gotbaum 's family has accused police of mistreating the Celtic striker .	complex_np:her:Celtic striker	5965
Bad business cost him his job .	Bad business cost the Japanese automaker his job .	complex_np:him:Japanese automaker	5967
But many regard him as an intelligent , honest politician .	But many regard the Swedish artist as an intelligent , honest politician .	complex_np:him:Swedish artist	5969
I do not know where or when , but I 'll get her .	I do not know where or when , but I 'll get the troubled singer .	complex_np:her:troubled singer	5970
I do not want to see him in pain .	I do not want to see the young writer in pain .	complex_np:him:young writer	5974
But I have not heard him talk here .	But I have not heard the Libyan leader talk here .	complex_np:him:Libyan leader	5975
Minnesota released him in March .	Minnesota released the male driver in March .	complex_np:him:male driver	5976
They beat him up .	They beat the long-term partner up .	complex_np:him:long-term partner	5977
Weirded out , she wanted nothing to do with him .	Weirded out , she wanted nothing to do with the veterinary officer .	complex_np:him:veterinary officer	5978
He has said that getting 3,000 hits was important to him .	He has said that getting 3,000 hits was important to the American teenager .	complex_np:him:American teenager	5980
I called him .	I called the rank outsider .	complex_np:him:rank outsider	5981
Thus thought Chairman Mao , and many dictators who came before him .	Thus thought Chairman Mao , and many dictators who came before the financial officer .	complex_np:him:financial officer	5983
Typically , he assails his GOP opponents only after they go after him .	Typically , he assails his GOP opponents only after they go after the Turkish soldier .	complex_np:him:Turkish soldier	5984
She called for tough penalties for those who took him .	She called for tough penalties for those who took the new player .	complex_np:him:new player	5985
No one has heard from her since .	No one has heard from the former banker since .	complex_np:her:former banker	5987
A brother and sister predeceased her .	A brother and sister predeceased the Afghan leader .	complex_np:her:Afghan leader	5989
I wonder who helped her grieve ?	I wonder who helped the missing toddler grieve ?	complex_np:her:missing toddler	5990
But he said he did not think the boy had forgotten him .	But he said he did not think the boy had forgotten the global customer .	complex_np:him:global customer	5992
Anyone who has a problem with her , you deal with me !	Anyone who has a problem with the main challenger , you deal with me !	complex_np:her:main challenger	5993
She does not know what happened to her , whether she is successful .	She does not know what happened to the 14-year-old daughter , whether she is successful .	complex_np:her:14-year-old daughter	5994
But no , we cannot keep him .	But no , we cannot keep the radical Islamist .	complex_np:him:radical Islamist	5996
They have not charged him in connection with the killing .	They have not charged the American photographer in connection with the killing .	complex_np:him:American photographer	5997
Tvardovsky betrayed him to the police .	Tvardovsky betrayed the European manufacturer to the police .	complex_np:him:European manufacturer	5998
I hope you 'll get him to compromise .	I hope you 'll get the black teenager to compromise .	complex_np:him:black teenager	6000
Sex with him was satisfying , dirty , honest and real .	Sex with the mobile consumer was satisfying , dirty , honest and real .	complex_np:him:mobile consumer	6001
Her way has gotten her far in America .	Her way has gotten the excellent customer far in America .	complex_np:her:excellent customer	6003
Mr. Spencer is what the kids call him .	Mr. Spencer is what the kids call the hard-line leader .	complex_np:him:hard-line leader	6007
The president wants him to carry out the administration 's terrorism- fighting agenda .	The president wants the American officer to carry out the administration 's terrorism- fighting agenda .	complex_np:him:American officer	6008
I girded for the worst when meet him .	I girded for the worst when meet the structural engineer .	complex_np:him:structural engineer	6011
I respect her .	I respect the ailing leader .	complex_np:her:ailing leader	6017
Persico later praised him for his loyalty .	Persico later praised the former stripper for his loyalty .	complex_np:him:former stripper	6018
New Orleans grounds him .	New Orleans grounds the overall winner .	complex_np:him:overall winner	6021
In fact , it more or less killed her .	In fact , it more or less killed the several consumer .	complex_np:her:several consumer	6023
He has been talking to him .	He has been talking to the executive producer .	complex_np:him:executive producer	6024
It is obvious Andrew can cope without her there .	It is obvious Andrew can cope without the outstanding customer there .	complex_np:her:outstanding customer	6025
But his party members praise him for those same attributes .	But his party members praise the military commander for those same attributes .	complex_np:him:military commander	6026
The General Medical Council alleges surgical intervention may have saved her .	The General Medical Council alleges surgical intervention may have saved the marine biologist .	complex_np:her:marine biologist	6028
This year , one nearly got him trampled .	This year , one nearly got the first officer trampled .	complex_np:him:first officer	6030
Spenser watched her nervously .	Spenser watched the deputy manager nervously .	complex_np:her:deputy manager	6032
Besser 's classmate Medha Prakash says the yoga drills help her to concentrate .	Besser 's classmate Medha Prakash says the yoga drills help the innocent bystander to concentrate .	complex_np:her:innocent bystander	6035
Olson ultimately decided the career was not for her .	Olson ultimately decided the career was not for the 36-year-old rapper .	complex_np:her:36-year-old rapper	6037
She raised an indignant eyebrow at him .	She raised an indignant eyebrow at the legal officer .	complex_np:him:legal officer	6039
The charges against him were later dropped .	The charges against the environmental engineer were later dropped .	complex_np:him:environmental engineer	6040
But I would call her a modern woman .	But I would call the other player a modern woman .	complex_np:her:other player	6043
It looks a bit like him , but he is gone .	It looks a bit like the troubled singer , but he is gone .	complex_np:him:troubled singer	6044
Will encouraging the friend to spill more dirt actually help her ?	Will encouraging the friend to spill more dirt actually help the female driver ?	complex_np:her:female driver	6045
The police shouldn 't have tazed him .	The police shouldn 't have tazed the naval officer .	complex_np:him:naval officer	6047
I only saw him once after that .	I only saw the religious leader once after that .	complex_np:him:religious leader	6050
Telling a woman I loved her .	Telling a woman I loved the elite runner .	complex_np:her:elite runner	6053
" " I would ask her a question .	" " I would ask the most-capped player a question .	complex_np:her:most-capped player	6054
I did not want to hurt him .	I did not want to hurt the diverse customer .	complex_np:him:diverse customer	6055
The soldier , a sergeant named Jekabs Kulis , took pity on him .	The soldier , a sergeant named Jekabs Kulis , took pity on the environmental commissioner .	complex_np:him:environmental commissioner	6057
I am proud of him .	I am proud of the Democratic frontrunner .	complex_np:him:Democratic frontrunner	6060
The government repeatedly imprisoned him .	The government repeatedly imprisoned the senior lawyer .	complex_np:him:senior lawyer	6062
The officer said Craig solicited him for sex .	The officer said Craig solicited the current owner for sex .	complex_np:him:current owner	6063
He created this world from what he saw around him .	He created this world from what he saw around the chief adviser .	complex_np:him:chief adviser	6065
So she went out with him .	So she went out with the crude producer .	complex_np:him:crude producer	6068
We will be able to handle him .	We will be able to handle the Ethiopian soldier .	complex_np:him:Ethiopian soldier	6069
Bullets flew around him .	Bullets flew around the charismatic leader .	complex_np:him:charismatic leader	6072
There was no information about who killed him or why .	There was no information about who killed the weak consumer or why .	complex_np:him:weak consumer	6073
She divorced him two years later .	She divorced the other driver two years later .	complex_np:him:other driver	6074
I do not want to raise him here .	I do not want to raise the professional footballer here .	complex_np:him:professional footballer	6075
I think I would like the people who are looking for him .	I think I would like the people who are looking for the primary driver .	complex_np:him:primary driver	6076
Calls to known telephone numbers for Swindal did not locate him yesterday .	Calls to known telephone numbers for Swindal did not locate the French leader yesterday .	complex_np:him:French leader	6077
Few things irk her more than a poorly run meeting .	Few things irk the four-year-old daughter more than a poorly run meeting .	complex_np:her:four-year-old daughter	6078
That is what scares him most .	That is what scares the same player most .	complex_np:him:same player	6079
The pain she feels does not mark her .	The pain she feels does not mark the independent voter .	complex_np:her:independent voter	6080
To celebrate , the tour sent her a Waterford Crystal trophy .	To celebrate , the tour sent the former lover a Waterford Crystal trophy .	complex_np:her:former lover	6081
Here , gang toughs assaulted him with a baseball bat .	Here , gang toughs assaulted the senior lawyer with a baseball bat .	complex_np:him:senior lawyer	6082
People feel a little better about her .	People feel a little better about the young player .	complex_np:her:young player	6083
" You gotta keep him in there , " Melvin said .	" You gotta keep the Israeli soldier in there , " Melvin said .	complex_np:him:Israeli soldier	6084
They gave him everything they had .	They gave the ineligible player everything they had .	complex_np:him:ineligible player	6086
I 'll congratulate him .	I 'll congratulate the dead soldier .	complex_np:him:dead soldier	6088
But I did not kill him .	But I did not kill the former writer .	complex_np:him:former writer	6089
He does not let the moment bother him .	He does not let the moment bother the first passenger .	complex_np:him:first passenger	6090
The child accompanying him was described as plump .	The child accompanying the outstanding customer was described as plump .	complex_np:him:outstanding customer	6091
Firefighters worked nearly four hours and dismantled the chimney to extract him .	Firefighters worked nearly four hours and dismantled the chimney to extract the former stripper .	complex_np:him:former stripper	6092
But only now has the party crowned him .	But only now has the party crowned the principal owner .	complex_np:him:principal owner	6094
But meanwhile the children were exposed to alarming headlines about him .	But meanwhile the children were exposed to alarming headlines about the Japanese journalist .	complex_np:him:Japanese journalist	6095
She feels Benton 's 3-D glasses looking at her .	She feels Benton 's 3-D glasses looking at the dominant player .	complex_np:her:dominant player	6099
That gave him 3,122 career rushing yards .	That gave the long-distance runner 3,122 career rushing yards .	complex_np:him:long-distance runner	6101
People are going to know about him now .	People are going to know about the administrative officer now .	complex_np:him:administrative officer	6102
I congratulate him on this new position .	I congratulate the Republican activist on this new position .	complex_np:him:Republican activist	6103
That is her !	That is the drunk driver !	complex_np:her:drunk driver	6104
" " Why did not they go get him ?	" " Why did not they go get the Shiite leader ?	complex_np:him:Shiite leader	6105
Pay experts say the unusual time-traveling maneuver effectively guarantees him a windfall .	Pay experts say the unusual time-traveling maneuver effectively guarantees the clear front-runner a windfall .	complex_np:him:clear front-runner	6106
So someone will have to sample a sample to praise him .	So someone will have to sample a sample to praise the right partner .	complex_np:him:right partner	6107
They say it was not meant for him , either .	They say it was not meant for the final arbiter , either .	complex_np:him:final arbiter	6113
I asked him if he planned to attend the World Series .	I asked the chief engineer if he planned to attend the World Series .	complex_np:him:chief engineer	6114
She described him as almost shy when they first met .	She described the male vocalist as almost shy when they first met .	complex_np:him:male vocalist	6115
My dislike towards her is very personal .	My dislike towards the vice minister is very personal .	complex_np:her:vice minister	6118
Mr. Minor 's political activity may have cost him dearly .	Mr. Minor 's political activity may have cost the Japanese photographer dearly .	complex_np:him:Japanese photographer	6119
He approached Usmanov and offered him cash for Nasimov .	He approached Usmanov and offered the chief lobbyist cash for Nasimov .	complex_np:him:chief lobbyist	6122
I do not want to let him go .	I do not want to let the classical artist go .	complex_np:him:classical artist	6123
He knew his borrowers and they knew him .	He knew his borrowers and they knew the elder brother .	complex_np:him:elder brother	6124
You want to be able to kiss him !	You want to be able to kiss the mechanical engineer !	complex_np:him:mechanical engineer	6125
Miss Skattergoods dragged him onto shore .	Miss Skattergoods dragged the professional gambler onto shore .	complex_np:him:professional gambler	6129
I agree with him .	I agree with the male partner .	complex_np:him:male partner	6130
His wife and two sons were waiting to greet him .	His wife and two sons were waiting to greet the American player .	complex_np:him:American player	6131
" " I was very impressed with him as a player .	" " I was very impressed with the Maoist leader as a player .	complex_np:him:Maoist leader	6132
He calls them so they do not forget him .	He calls them so they do not forget the poor customer .	complex_np:him:poor customer	6135
Ultimately , we do not believe him .	Ultimately , we do not believe the social worker .	complex_np:him:social worker	6140
I see no future for her .	I see no future for the winning trainer .	complex_np:her:winning trainer	6141
But of course they do not initially believe him .	But of course they do not initially believe the former manager .	complex_np:him:former manager	6142
Then others shoved him down the stairs , he said .	Then others shoved the suspected leader down the stairs , he said .	complex_np:him:suspected leader	6143
I remember him coming all bruised to the office one day .	I remember the basic consumer coming all bruised to the office one day .	complex_np:him:basic consumer	6145
Jagger never wanted her to work .	Jagger never wanted the Tibetan separatist to work .	complex_np:her:Tibetan separatist	6146
Had Chopin been less beloved , Gould might have liked him more .	Had Chopin been less beloved , Gould might have liked the costume designer more .	complex_np:him:costume designer	6147
" It never bothered him , " Senseney said .	" It never bothered the Arab leader , " Senseney said .	complex_np:him:Arab leader	6148
African leaders see him as an independence hero .	African leaders see the French leader as an independence hero .	complex_np:him:French leader	6149
Nevertheless , campaign officials continued to court him .	Nevertheless , campaign officials continued to court the major manufacturer .	complex_np:him:major manufacturer	6150
Were the security forces ordered not to protect her ?	Were the security forces ordered not to protect the military officer ?	complex_np:her:military officer	6151
When she returned , she e-mailed him .	When she returned , she e-mailed the 14-year-old follower .	complex_np:him:14-year-old follower	6152
They were arresting him .	They were arresting the 2-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:2-year-old daughter	6153
It is great to have him playing .	It is great to have the Scottish singer playing .	complex_np:him:Scottish singer	6154
Bolden claims it was a set-up to silence him .	Bolden claims it was a set-up to silence the foster mother .	complex_np:him:foster mother	6155
Others might call him crazy .	Others might call the main challenger crazy .	complex_np:him:main challenger	6157
Judy started screaming and Joe McEnroe turned his gun on her .	Judy started screaming and Joe McEnroe turned his gun on the German carmaker .	complex_np:her:German carmaker	6158
I can cope with him sometimes .	I can cope with the former lobbyist sometimes .	complex_np:him:former lobbyist	6159
His family persuaded him to return .	His family persuaded the single player to return .	complex_np:him:single player	6165
We are letting him down .	We are letting the prospective buyer down .	complex_np:him:prospective buyer	6166
His comments put him in trouble with his bosses .	His comments put the veteran striker in trouble with his bosses .	complex_np:him:veteran striker	6168
He also advised Disney to stand by her .	He also advised Disney to stand by the chief economist .	complex_np:her:chief economist	6170
Give him a little while .	Give the moderate leader a little while .	complex_np:him:moderate leader	6171
Rattle her ?	Rattle the top strategist ?	complex_np:her:top strategist	6174
Rodgers is indifferent to those who question him .	Rodgers is indifferent to those who question the absent father .	complex_np:him:absent father	6175
She said no-one could tell her what that really meant .	She said no-one could tell the French soldier what that really meant .	complex_np:her:French soldier	6177
The fuel is the bigger issue for him .	The fuel is the bigger issue for the top-10 player .	complex_np:him:top-10 player	6178
All called back , wanting to meet her .	All called back , wanting to meet the arresting officer .	complex_np:her:arresting officer	6179
She only cried once and I am proud of her .	She only cried once and I am proud of the 8-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:8-year-old daughter	6182
I kept on holding her .	I kept on holding the public broadcaster .	complex_np:her:public broadcaster	6183
parachuting into Capitol Hill whenever it suited him .	parachuting into Capitol Hill whenever it suited the elite runner .	complex_np:him:elite runner	6184
Anybody would love to have him .	Anybody would love to have the exotic dancer .	complex_np:him:exotic dancer	6187
" Oh , I 'll take him , Mom , " she says .	" Oh , I 'll take the worldwide leader , Mom , " she says .	complex_np:him:worldwide leader	6188
We should have told him just how bad it would be .	We should have told the Chinese artist just how bad it would be .	complex_np:him:Chinese artist	6190
With such a demanding training regime , who can blame him ?	With such a demanding training regime , who can blame the pro wrestler ?	complex_np:him:pro wrestler	6191
His son 's death can never be far from him , though .	His son 's death can never be far from the important player , though .	complex_np:him:important player	6193
He is not scared one bit , and I like that about him .	He is not scared one bit , and I like that about the Shiite leader .	complex_np:him:Shiite leader	6194
He said Hsu " freaked out " when Amtrak employees approached him .	He said Hsu " freaked out " when Amtrak employees approached the fifth player .	complex_np:him:fifth player	6195
" " It is not that we did not take him seriously .	" " It is not that we did not take the influential player seriously .	complex_np:him:influential player	6196
Sometimes I think she has it in her .	Sometimes I think she has it in the close adviser .	complex_np:her:close adviser	6197
The Secret Service fund was used to pay her off .	The Secret Service fund was used to pay the good teacher off .	complex_np:her:good teacher	6199
He had so much to tell her .	He had so much to tell the private owner .	complex_np:her:private owner	6200
He sees the problem and the problem frustrates or disappoints him .	He sees the problem and the problem frustrates or disappoints the strategic partner .	complex_np:him:strategic partner	6203
What do you think of it and of him ?	What do you think of it and of the male artist ?	complex_np:him:male artist	6204
The sky 's the limit for him .	The sky 's the limit for the nine-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:nine-year-old daughter	6205
A neighbor finally warned him to flee .	A neighbor finally warned the single member to flee .	complex_np:him:single member	6206
" I am so proud of him , " she says .	" I am so proud of the great writer , " she says .	complex_np:him:great writer	6207
He concluded by insisting they not communicate with him .	He concluded by insisting they not communicate with the main driver .	complex_np:him:main driver	6209
His wife stood next to him , looking shellshocked .	His wife stood next to the stay-at-home mother , looking shellshocked .	complex_np:him:stay-at-home mother	6211
A fellowship took her to Madison , Wis .	A fellowship took the American teenager to Madison , Wis .	complex_np:her:American teenager	6212
A replacement for him has not yet been announced .	A replacement for the deputy minister has not yet been announced .	complex_np:him:deputy minister	6213
Ms. de la Salle has a substantial career in front of her .	Ms. de la Salle has a substantial career in front of the militant commander .	complex_np:her:militant commander	6215
She held a protest sign in front of her .	She held a protest sign in front of the central banker .	complex_np:her:central banker	6220
His record against him is now 5-0 .	His record against the prominent leader is now 5-0 .	complex_np:him:prominent leader	6224
But Jackson also refused to paint an overtly negative portrait of him .	But Jackson also refused to paint an overtly negative portrait of the missing teenager .	complex_np:him:missing teenager	6225
Always with him : I have my Tumi backpack .	Always with the great fighter : I have my Tumi backpack .	complex_np:him:great fighter	6227
, and took her into custody .	, and took the special adviser into custody .	complex_np:her:special adviser	6228
It would not be like him to cut by 50 points .	It would not be like the other consumer to cut by 50 points .	complex_np:him:other consumer	6230
Will Obama 's refusal to kick McClurkin off the concert bill hurt him ?	Will Obama 's refusal to kick McClurkin off the concert bill hurt the poor customer ?	complex_np:him:poor customer	6231
You have to ask him .	You have to ask the nationalist leader .	complex_np:him:nationalist leader	6234
We are frankly shocked they would not call her .	We are frankly shocked they would not call the top contender .	complex_np:her:top contender	6235
" " Because people he created crucified him .	" " Because people he created crucified the military officer .	complex_np:him:military officer	6237
He has a long road ahead of him .	He has a long road ahead of the most-capped player .	complex_np:him:most-capped player	6239
She said they deserve eight hours a day from her .	She said they deserve eight hours a day from the successful manager .	complex_np:her:successful manager	6241
It also helped him get noticed overseas .	It also helped the Republican activist get noticed overseas .	complex_np:him:Republican activist	6242
Anderson said the foot will bother him all season .	Anderson said the foot will bother the young admirer all season .	complex_np:him:young admirer	6244
Speaking to the council , Johnson reiterated his support for her .	Speaking to the council , Johnson reiterated his support for the young daughter .	complex_np:her:young daughter	6245
But you have to give him at least two games .	But you have to give the American cyclist at least two games .	complex_np:him:American cyclist	6246
It had to be her .	It had to be the pregnant mother .	complex_np:her:pregnant mother	6247
That set her back another 12 days .	That set the strong partner back another 12 days .	complex_np:her:strong partner	6248
Walls had intended to accompany him on the trip .	Walls had intended to accompany the physical therapist on the trip .	complex_np:him:physical therapist	6249
I 'll still have him when I am 100 .	I 'll still have the lead singer when I am 100 .	complex_np:him:lead singer	6250
They pledged to override him .	They pledged to override the Japanese carmaker .	complex_np:him:Japanese carmaker	6254
That is the the imbalance that has him worried .	That is the the imbalance that has the conceptual artist worried .	complex_np:him:conceptual artist	6256
Only one other car accompanied him .	Only one other car accompanied the Cuban farmer .	complex_np:him:Cuban farmer	6257
He also said the patriarch had assured him of his support .	He also said the patriarch had assured the alleged ringleader of his support .	complex_np:him:alleged ringleader	6259
Who else goes with him ?	Who else goes with the undisputed leader ?	complex_np:him:undisputed leader	6263
Bash her head in .	Bash the private developer head in .	complex_np:her:private developer	6264
The chief inspector warned him against making the bribe .	The chief inspector warned the British player against making the bribe .	complex_np:him:British player	6265
She said the doctor had seemed as scared as her .	She said the doctor had seemed as scared as the maternal grandfather .	complex_np:her:maternal grandfather	6267
He has never contacted him since .	He has never contacted the ranking member since .	complex_np:him:ranking member	6268
Those of us privileged to know Anne will always adore thinking about her .	Those of us privileged to know Anne will always adore thinking about the troubled singer .	complex_np:her:troubled singer	6275
We fined him .	We fined the active member .	complex_np:him:active member	6276
There was , however , a prodigious talent for combat lurking inside him .	There was , however , a prodigious talent for combat lurking inside the drunken driver .	complex_np:him:drunken driver	6279
Even the thought of terrible danger was confusing to her .	Even the thought of terrible danger was confusing to the first-time offender .	complex_np:her:first-time offender	6282
Just label him hopelessly anticynical .	Just label the married mother hopelessly anticynical .	complex_np:him:married mother	6283
The BBC 's Peter Bowes has been to Seattle to meet him .	The BBC 's Peter Bowes has been to Seattle to meet the Tibetan Buddhist .	complex_np:him:Tibetan Buddhist	6287
Aanenson finished the story for him .	Aanenson finished the story for the American officer .	complex_np:him:American officer	6288
I asked him , Should I go or not ?	I asked the paternal grandmother , Should I go or not ?	complex_np:him:paternal grandmother	6289
Ms. Kiesewetter said playing the score was a deeply moving experience for her .	Ms. Kiesewetter said playing the score was a deeply moving experience for the average consumer .	complex_np:her:average consumer	6291
Several things have probably pushed him into his announcement .	Several things have probably pushed the relative newcomer into his announcement .	complex_np:him:relative newcomer	6292
If Alonso does go , who replaces him ?	If Alonso does go , who replaces the 5-year-old daughter ?	complex_np:him:5-year-old daughter	6293
She is not the only one to consider him ill-qualified .	She is not the only one to consider the most-capped player ill-qualified .	complex_np:him:most-capped player	6294
That makes him one of the few .	That makes the controlling shareholder one of the few .	complex_np:him:controlling shareholder	6296
The judge reinstated Kanneh 's bond , but released him .	The judge reinstated Kanneh 's bond , but released the senior lecturer .	complex_np:him:senior lecturer	6297
It is good to have him back .	It is good to have the successful bidder back .	complex_np:him:successful bidder	6299
The council had sacked her for gross misconduct .	The council had sacked the American commander for gross misconduct .	complex_np:her:American commander	6300
Jennifer thinks her spying hastened the end .	Jennifer thinks the expectant mother spying hastened the end .	complex_np:her:expectant mother	6301
So Maycock had forgiven him .	So Maycock had forgiven the natural leader .	complex_np:him:natural leader	6305
It will be exciting to play against her .	It will be exciting to play against the main tourist .	complex_np:her:main tourist	6306
The neighbors who saved him did not know his name .	The neighbors who saved the national front-runner did not know his name .	complex_np:him:national front-runner	6308
The largely partisan crowd gave him a standing ovation .	The largely partisan crowd gave the 36-year-old rapper a standing ovation .	complex_np:him:36-year-old rapper	6309
Unlike him , she is a negotiator , they say .	Unlike the 17-game winner , she is a negotiator , they say .	complex_np:him:17-game winner	6312
Seeing him treated like this makes me despair .	Seeing the female leader treated like this makes me despair .	complex_np:him:female leader	6314
The judge also turned him away .	The judge also turned the ineligible player away .	complex_np:him:ineligible player	6315
But there was no-one on hand to listen to him .	But there was no-one on hand to listen to the new father .	complex_np:him:new father	6316
They can give him new plays to run .	They can give the talented player new plays to run .	complex_np:him:talented player	6317
It is clear why she was drawn to him .	It is clear why she was drawn to the anonymous caller .	complex_np:him:anonymous caller	6319
I have spoken to him .	I have spoken to the terrorist leader .	complex_np:him:terrorist leader	6320
Mr. Giuliani had recommended him for the job .	Mr. Giuliani had recommended the British explorer for the job .	complex_np:him:British explorer	6321
He says the items rightfully belong to him .	He says the items rightfully belong to the Brazilian defender .	complex_np:him:Brazilian defender	6322
Friends have called him a hypocrite .	Friends have called the British rocker a hypocrite .	complex_np:him:British rocker	6326
It wanted him to save the company .	It wanted the 16-year-old daughter to save the company .	complex_np:him:16-year-old daughter	6327
Police are still determining charges against him .	Police are still determining charges against the French defender .	complex_np:him:French defender	6328
Prosecutors have accused him of being the Qaeda driver for Osama bin Laden .	Prosecutors have accused the would-be bomber of being the Qaeda driver for Osama bin Laden .	complex_np:him:would-be bomber	6329
No one makes a move without him .	No one makes a move without the new commander .	complex_np:him:new commander	6330
Indictment would force him to step down .	Indictment would force the military leader to step down .	complex_np:him:military leader	6332
The horrors Ekaterina saw live with her still .	The horrors Ekaterina saw live with the important Buddhist still .	complex_np:her:important Buddhist	6334
I definitely , definitely liked him .	I definitely , definitely liked the judicial officer .	complex_np:him:judicial officer	6335
He calls her an outsourced wife .	He calls the acting leader an outsourced wife .	complex_np:her:acting leader	6336
He said the new suspicions are hurtful to him .	He said the new suspicions are hurtful to the gold medalist .	complex_np:him:gold medalist	6338
Ripken may indeed have his work cut out for him .	Ripken may indeed have his work cut out for the hit-and-run driver .	complex_np:him:hit-and-run driver	6339
The report said the doctors tried for 41 minutes to revive her .	The report said the doctors tried for 41 minutes to revive the former skipper .	complex_np:her:former skipper	6340
It is very sad for supporters of democracy and supporters of her .	It is very sad for supporters of democracy and supporters of the local farmer .	complex_np:her:local farmer	6341
They question the all-white jury that took three hours to convict him .	They question the all-white jury that took three hours to convict the urban planner .	complex_np:him:urban planner	6342
It is won him an Oscar and international praise .	It is won the last-minute winner an Oscar and international praise .	complex_np:him:last-minute winner	6343
Then he chucked a pillow behind him .	Then he chucked a pillow behind the top striker .	complex_np:him:top striker	6344
We have got to keep her .	We have got to keep the longtime partner .	complex_np:her:longtime partner	6348
The Reds acquired him in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	The Reds acquired the Democratic contender in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	complex_np:him:Democratic contender	6349
Director Sam Peckinpah almost dares you to root against him .	Director Sam Peckinpah almost dares you to root against the successful manager .	complex_np:him:successful manager	6351
Allow him to describe .	Allow the English teacher to describe .	complex_np:him:English teacher	6352
Porky could find her anywhere in Southern California .	Porky could find the undisputed leader anywhere in Southern California .	complex_np:her:undisputed leader	6353
" I met her at law school , " Richard said .	" I met the 25-year-old singer at law school , " Richard said .	complex_np:her:25-year-old singer	6354
It would be stupid for them to lose touch with him .	It would be stupid for them to lose touch with the international provider .	complex_np:him:international provider	6355
But U.S. Magistrate Judge Lincoln Almond denied the request and ordered him detained .	But U.S. Magistrate Judge Lincoln Almond denied the request and ordered the former tourist detained .	complex_np:him:former tourist	6356
11 peace rally in Baltimore made a big impression on him .	11 peace rally in Baltimore made a big impression on the elderly father .	complex_np:him:elderly father	6358
Cut him some slack .	Cut the hard-line leader some slack .	complex_np:him:hard-line leader	6360
Two years ago , she saw him at a club .	Two years ago , she saw the main challenger at a club .	complex_np:him:main challenger	6361
Shortly thereafter , he stopped calling her .	Shortly thereafter , he stopped calling the structural engineer .	complex_np:her:structural engineer	6362
It took years for her to discover the source was sour .	It took years for the idle chatter to discover the source was sour .	complex_np:her:idle chatter	6363
Russell said he was proud of the way Flynn had succeeded him .	Russell said he was proud of the way Flynn had succeeded the black teenager .	complex_np:him:black teenager	6364
They had originally planned to kill her too .	They had originally planned to kill the graphic artist too .	complex_np:her:graphic artist	6365
I could see him internalizing the whole experience .	I could see the court-appointed lawyer internalizing the whole experience .	complex_np:him:court-appointed lawyer	6368
We track him through Rudolph 's red nose .	We track the technical writer through Rudolph 's red nose .	complex_np:him:technical writer	6369
Russell Crowe plays the cop determined to bring him down .	Russell Crowe plays the cop determined to bring the young lawyer down .	complex_np:him:young lawyer	6370
Students stare at her .	Students stare at the great fighter .	complex_np:her:great fighter	6371
Ree : Ah , Bruno , bless him .	Ree : Ah , Bruno , bless the potential customer .	complex_np:him:potential customer	6372
Then he butted him in the head .	Then he butted the five-time winner in the head .	complex_np:him:five-time winner	6373
Mr Cameron 's future has been defined for him .	Mr Cameron 's future has been defined for the major producer .	complex_np:him:major producer	6374
She could see that there was something different about him .	She could see that there was something different about the big player .	complex_np:him:big player	6376
It does not suit him .	It does not suit the surrogate mother .	complex_np:him:surrogate mother	6377
I would worked hard for him here in the state .	I would worked hard for the ineligible player here in the state .	complex_np:him:ineligible player	6378
" We have to support him , " she said .	" We have to support the former commander , " she said .	complex_np:him:former commander	6379
We must excuse him .	We must excuse the senior leader .	complex_np:him:senior leader	6380
I loved working with him .	I loved working with the basic consumer .	complex_np:him:basic consumer	6382
It is time for him to go .	It is time for the white hunter to go .	complex_np:him:white hunter	6383
" I jokingly call him my rabbi , " Usman chuckles .	" I jokingly call the other driver my rabbi , " Usman chuckles .	complex_np:him:other driver	6385
It was not immediately clear if he quit or if Spector fired him .	It was not immediately clear if he quit or if Spector fired the European consumer .	complex_np:him:European consumer	6386
Campaign ads emphasize faith and call him a Christian leader .	Campaign ads emphasize faith and call the Russian journalist a Christian leader .	complex_np:him:Russian journalist	6387
Then they asked her to meet prospective husbands .	Then they asked the maternal grandfather to meet prospective husbands .	complex_np:her:maternal grandfather	6389
However , he also alienates the native people there who initially welcomed him .	However , he also alienates the native people there who initially welcomed the popular tourist .	complex_np:him:popular tourist	6390
He was having breathing problems when his ex-girlfriend drove him to the hospital .	He was having breathing problems when his ex-girlfriend drove the longtime adviser to the hospital .	complex_np:him:longtime adviser	6393
Relatives of victims wept and vented their hatred for him outside the court .	Relatives of victims wept and vented their hatred for the executive officer outside the court .	complex_np:him:executive officer	6396
Indeed , she may have helped to save him .	Indeed , she may have helped to save the single member .	complex_np:him:single member	6398
The report said the doctors had tried for 41 minutes to revive her .	The report said the doctors had tried for 41 minutes to revive the 30-year-old mother .	complex_np:her:30-year-old mother	6400
Where is Dr. Sanjay Gupta when you need him ?	Where is Dr. Sanjay Gupta when you need the French writer ?	complex_np:him:French writer	6402
It made me see him in a different light .	It made me see the 23-year-old right-hander in a different light .	complex_np:him:23-year-old right-hander	6403
You cannot typecast him .	You cannot typecast the online broker .	complex_np:him:online broker	6405
I 'll be indebted to him for the rest of my life .	I 'll be indebted to the Democratic pollster for the rest of my life .	complex_np:him:Democratic pollster	6406
Police escorted her to safety .	Police escorted the molecular biologist to safety .	complex_np:her:molecular biologist	6407
What it did was put him outside human society .	What it did was put the Tibetan separatist outside human society .	complex_np:him:Tibetan separatist	6408
I just said , I wanted to know what happened to him .	I just said , I wanted to know what happened to the British researcher .	complex_np:him:British researcher	6409
" I did not want to let go , " she told him .	" I did not want to let go , " she told the white supremacist .	complex_np:him:white supremacist	6410
Until Sunday he had the government of conservative Jaroslaw Kaczynski behind him .	Until Sunday he had the government of conservative Jaroslaw Kaczynski behind the military lawyer .	complex_np:him:military lawyer	6412
Tibetan Buddhists revere him as their spiritual leader .	Tibetan Buddhists revere the European manufacturer as their spiritual leader .	complex_np:him:European manufacturer	6413
Johnson almost certainly will have a deluge of e-mails waiting for him .	Johnson almost certainly will have a deluge of e-mails waiting for the defensive player .	complex_np:him:defensive player	6414
Could a Vegas gig make him relevant again ?	Could a Vegas gig make the longtime leader relevant again ?	complex_np:him:longtime leader	6415
It never mentions him getting dressed again .	It never mentions the ailing mother getting dressed again .	complex_np:him:ailing mother	6416
Queen Sophie , Princess Katherine and Prince Nicholas accompanied him .	Queen Sophie , Princess Katherine and Prince Nicholas accompanied the 25-year-old singer .	complex_np:him:25-year-old singer	6417
Will they betray him ?	Will they betray the technical adviser ?	complex_np:him:technical adviser	6418
Biancone said the substance did not belong to him .	Biancone said the substance did not belong to the communist leader .	complex_np:him:communist leader	6420
She tells him that she is in a better place .	She tells the Republican lawmaker that she is in a better place .	complex_np:him:Republican lawmaker	6422
We are trying to give him something to use .	We are trying to give the Italian designer something to use .	complex_np:him:Italian designer	6424
Joining her for the presentation is Derek Mercer , CEO of Vurv .	Joining the forensic scientist for the presentation is Derek Mercer , CEO of Vurv .	complex_np:her:forensic scientist	6425
I wanted the best for her , yes .	I wanted the best for the Colombian leader , yes .	complex_np:her:Colombian leader	6427
It is not like Columbia is endorsing him .	It is not like Columbia is endorsing the 17-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:17-year-old daughter	6428
It was as if the novel disappeared with him .	It was as if the novel disappeared with the Tibetan Buddhist .	complex_np:him:Tibetan Buddhist	6429
Let 's wish her a healthy life .	Let 's wish the Syrian leader a healthy life .	complex_np:her:Syrian leader	6436
I love him dearly .	I love the fantastic player dearly .	complex_np:him:fantastic player	6439
" He went after him and shouted ' armed police ' .	" He went after the new employer and shouted ' armed police ' .	complex_np:him:new employer	6441
Friends of the family were praying for her in Glasgow .	Friends of the family were praying for the regional officer in Glasgow .	complex_np:her:regional officer	6443
Her probable pimp later killed her .	Her probable pimp later killed the military lawyer .	complex_np:her:military lawyer	6445
Mr. Obama has arguably outpaced her in fund-raising and crowds .	Mr. Obama has arguably outpaced the young mother in fund-raising and crowds .	complex_np:her:young mother	6447
You know , I train with him every day .	You know , I train with the second member every day .	complex_np:him:second member	6448
I wish him well .	I wish the loving father well .	complex_np:him:loving father	6450
This van had delivered him to his death .	This van had delivered the second player to his death .	complex_np:him:second player	6451
They also see him as an antagonist of President Clinton .	They also see the residential customer as an antagonist of President Clinton .	complex_np:him:residential customer	6452
I hope this does not cause him to do something .	I hope this does not cause the Chinese consumer to do something .	complex_np:him:Chinese consumer	6453
Still , she claims she will never stop taunting him .	Still , she claims she will never stop taunting the conservative activist .	complex_np:him:conservative activist	6454
But Jol insists the pressure will not affect him .	But Jol insists the pressure will not affect the private employer .	complex_np:him:private employer	6456
Some of his friends call him Shorty .	Some of his friends call the global consumer Shorty .	complex_np:him:global consumer	6457
But you 've got to give him credit for that .	But you 've got to give the former banker credit for that .	complex_np:him:former banker	6458
" It stinks , " he told her .	" It stinks , " he told the main challenger .	complex_np:her:main challenger	6459
They did not have much to ask him .	They did not have much to ask the total shareholder .	complex_np:him:total shareholder	6463
Why is not anybody talking seriously about him ?	Why is not anybody talking seriously about the long-term partner ?	complex_np:him:long-term partner	6464
" I thanked him , " Wager said .	" I thanked the past keeper , " Wager said .	complex_np:him:past keeper	6465
He thought Denver 's arid climate would be better for her .	He thought Denver 's arid climate would be better for the musical partner .	complex_np:her:musical partner	6466
Arizona improved to 5-3 without him .	Arizona improved to 5-3 without the personal shopper .	complex_np:him:personal shopper	6467
So I wanted him to see some beauty before he left .	So I wanted the regional leader to see some beauty before he left .	complex_np:him:regional leader	6468
The backup , Wade Dubielewicz , replaced him .	The backup , Wade Dubielewicz , replaced the Republican lawyer .	complex_np:him:Republican lawyer	6471
Should I tell my boss what I think of him ?	Should I tell my boss what I think of the black teenager ?	complex_np:him:black teenager	6472
But we want him as our manager .	But we want the civilian leader as our manager .	complex_np:him:civilian leader	6473
But Sam still had one last ( extreme ) makeover ahead of him .	But Sam still had one last ( extreme ) makeover ahead of the serial killer .	complex_np:him:serial killer	6474
I grin , to put him at ease .	I grin , to put the environmental scientist at ease .	complex_np:him:environmental scientist	6477
What Rita did was the end of her .	What Rita did was the end of the significant customer .	complex_np:her:significant customer	6479
The police opened fire , and killed her .	The police opened fire , and killed the all-time leader .	complex_np:her:all-time leader	6480
We will all miss her dearly .	We will all miss the young artist dearly .	complex_np:her:young artist	6482
The injury will keep him out for the remainder of the season .	The injury will keep the symbolic leader out for the remainder of the season .	complex_np:him:symbolic leader	6483
That reputation infuriates him .	That reputation infuriates the poor customer .	complex_np:him:poor customer	6484
Oakwood realized the old lady was not listening to him .	Oakwood realized the old lady was not listening to the international master .	complex_np:him:international master	6485
It had been a hard e-mail for him to write .	It had been a hard e-mail for the international player to write .	complex_np:him:international player	6486
It was like seeing him for the first time all over again .	It was like seeing the prominent member for the first time all over again .	complex_np:him:prominent member	6487
And we feel strong about him .	And we feel strong about the popular driver .	complex_np:him:popular driver	6489
He hopes some home cooking will help him finally break through .	He hopes some home cooking will help the fast bowler finally break through .	complex_np:him:fast bowler	6490
" Just try to work hard , " Yi said Yao told him .	" Just try to work hard , " Yi said Yao told the Turkish leader .	complex_np:him:Turkish leader	6491
Other Bhutto supporters went ahead with the procession without her .	Other Bhutto supporters went ahead with the procession without the former journalist .	complex_np:her:former journalist	6492
Because you owe it to her ?	Because you owe it to the front passenger ?	complex_np:her:front passenger	6494
We 'll miss him very much .	We 'll miss the diverse customer very much .	complex_np:him:diverse customer	6496
The Senators ( 10-1-0 ) almost blew it without him .	The Senators ( 10-1-0 ) almost blew it without the veteran leader .	complex_np:him:veteran leader	6497
New foods with strange textures literally frightened her .	New foods with strange textures literally frightened the political insider .	complex_np:her:political insider	6498
That is when the sniper shot him .	That is when the sniper shot the Right fielder .	complex_np:him:Right fielder	6499
" It was a good match for her , " she added .	" It was a good match for the English writer , " she added .	complex_np:her:English writer	6500
The judge remanded him in custody while psychiatric reports were prepared .	The judge remanded the defensive player in custody while psychiatric reports were prepared .	complex_np:him:defensive player	6501
She obliged him by gently spitting the nuts into his hand .	She obliged the Iraqi leader by gently spitting the nuts into his hand .	complex_np:him:Iraqi leader	6502
And Spacey plays the only note given him .	And Spacey plays the only note given the arresting officer .	complex_np:him:arresting officer	6505
I take her all the time .	I take the Japanese photographer all the time .	complex_np:her:Japanese photographer	6506
Luckily , the motorcyclist skidded and fell before reaching her .	Luckily , the motorcyclist skidded and fell before reaching the senior writer .	complex_np:her:senior writer	6508
But two Parkland teenagers recognized him , the law enforcement sources said .	But two Parkland teenagers recognized the Turkish leader , the law enforcement sources said .	complex_np:him:Turkish leader	6509
She had cupcakes delivered to him for the occasion .	She had cupcakes delivered to the major winner for the occasion .	complex_np:him:major winner	6510
" I totally disagree with her , " Musharraf said .	" I totally disagree with the highest-ranked player , " Musharraf said .	complex_np:her:highest-ranked player	6512
We appreciate him .	We appreciate the global supplier .	complex_np:him:global supplier	6513
And do not , whatever you do , hold him .	And do not , whatever you do , hold the powerful member .	complex_np:him:powerful member	6516
James Marsden winningly plays her intended , Prince Edward .	James Marsden winningly plays the female artist intended , Prince Edward .	complex_np:her:female artist	6517
Callaghan 's widow gave it to him .	Callaghan 's widow gave it to the Male artist .	complex_np:him:Male artist	6518
He reached a conclusion that he thought was original to him .	He reached a conclusion that he thought was original to the German automaker .	complex_np:him:German automaker	6519
Later , after a few margaritas , she kissed him .	Later , after a few margaritas , she kissed the former stripper .	complex_np:him:former stripper	6520
Did you ask him about ?	Did you ask the lovely daughter about ?	complex_np:him:lovely daughter	6521
I liked playing for him .	I liked playing for the elite runner .	complex_np:him:elite runner	6523
You do not lose him and not feel it .	You do not lose the influential player and not feel it .	complex_np:him:influential player	6524
AR : What did your dad say when you asked him ?	AR : What did your dad say when you asked the current employer ?	complex_np:him:current employer	6525
Money and fame have not affected him .	Money and fame have not affected the key driver .	complex_np:him:key driver	6529
If you know her , she is not that fanatical .	If you know the private owner , she is not that fanatical .	complex_np:her:private owner	6530
But who will replace him ?	But who will replace the rebel leader ?	complex_np:him:rebel leader	6532
The only thing that hobbled him was his slippery hands .	The only thing that hobbled the backup dancer was his slippery hands .	complex_np:him:backup dancer	6534
He really did love her .	He really did love the animal lover .	complex_np:her:animal lover	6535
And it is given him an enviable lifestyle .	And it is given the female commander an enviable lifestyle .	complex_np:him:female commander	6537
But Joe knows how I feel about him .	But Joe knows how I feel about the corporate lawyer .	complex_np:him:corporate lawyer	6539
The clock runs out for him on Jan. 19 .	The clock runs out for the independent filmmaker on Jan. 19 .	complex_np:him:independent filmmaker	6541
I cannot imagine him stealing anything .	I cannot imagine the special master stealing anything .	complex_np:him:special master	6543
No one will succeed him .	No one will succeed the British scientist .	complex_np:him:British scientist	6545
Your City Room reporter looked questioningly at him .	Your City Room reporter looked questioningly at the silent killer .	complex_np:him:silent killer	6546
Then he saw another black student glaring at him .	Then he saw another black student glaring at the year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:year-old daughter	6547
Consider him the AFC 's version of Carolina 's John Fox .	Consider the key customer the AFC 's version of Carolina 's John Fox .	complex_np:him:key customer	6551
He then turned to Mr Salmond and hugged him .	He then turned to Mr Salmond and hugged the 77-year-old owner .	complex_np:him:77-year-old owner	6552
We lived together , just me and him .	We lived together , just me and the Iraqi driver .	complex_np:him:Iraqi driver	6553
But it never ceases to entertain her .	But it never ceases to entertain the Republican pollster .	complex_np:her:Republican pollster	6554
He thinks we can learn a few lessons from him .	He thinks we can learn a few lessons from the great artist .	complex_np:him:great artist	6555
N.F.L. teams still overlooked him in the 2003 draft .	N.F.L. teams still overlooked the revolutionary leader in the 2003 draft .	complex_np:him:revolutionary leader	6556
I will miss her as a friend and colleague .	I will miss the top contender as a friend and colleague .	complex_np:her:top contender	6559
" You deserve this , son , " his father told him .	" You deserve this , son , " his father told the major producer .	complex_np:him:major producer	6560
He admitted it had been a frustrating period for him .	He admitted it had been a frustrating period for the principal owner .	complex_np:him:principal owner	6561
Sir Menzies 's rivals heaped praise on him last night .	Sir Menzies 's rivals heaped praise on the key supporter last night .	complex_np:him:key supporter	6562
" Do not make him mad , " Kitna said .	" Do not make the 19-year-old daughter mad , " Kitna said .	complex_np:him:19-year-old daughter	6563
" I hope to find her , " she said .	" I hope to find the prominent activist , " she said .	complex_np:her:prominent activist	6564
Did you wind up liking him ?	Did you wind up liking the civilian leader ?	complex_np:him:civilian leader	6565
Stop him and you stop Australia .	Stop the French leader and you stop Australia .	complex_np:him:French leader	6566
We cannot find her .	We cannot find the pregnant daughter .	complex_np:her:pregnant daughter	6567
His doctors switched him from Avandia to Actos because of safety concerns .	His doctors switched the chief lobbyist from Avandia to Actos because of safety concerns .	complex_np:him:chief lobbyist	6571
We 'll give him five days .	We 'll give the great admirer five days .	complex_np:him:great admirer	6580
" " I hope they punish him .	" " I hope they punish the six-year-old daughter .	complex_np:him:six-year-old daughter	6582
She often passed him banging unpromisingly at the keyboard .	She often passed the female leader banging unpromisingly at the keyboard .	complex_np:him:female leader	6583
They also tried to prevent him leaving .	They also tried to prevent the medical officer leaving .	complex_np:him:medical officer	6585
Savio wrote in the order that she feared Peterson could kill her .	Savio wrote in the order that she feared Peterson could kill the forensic anthropologist .	complex_np:her:forensic anthropologist	6586
Meeting him was " my favorite thing , " he said .	Meeting the real killer was " my favorite thing , " he said .	complex_np:him:real killer	6587
It is going to take a lot for him to win .	It is going to take a lot for the rightful owner to win .	complex_np:him:rightful owner	6588
I expected him to lecture me on money and responsibility .	I expected the female officer to lecture me on money and responsibility .	complex_np:him:female officer	6589
This was awfully sweet of him .	This was awfully sweet of the Prime minister .	complex_np:him:Prime minister	6590
God has forgiven him .	God has forgiven the major tourist .	complex_np:him:major tourist	6591
The SPD 's modernising ministers paid him little heed .	The SPD 's modernising ministers paid the reliable partner little heed .	complex_np:him:reliable partner	6592
I will miss him desperately .	I will miss the American consumer desperately .	complex_np:him:American consumer	6593
He said Mr. Hiraman was totally silent while he restrained him .	He said Mr. Hiraman was totally silent while he restrained the German engineer .	complex_np:him:German engineer	6594
She said the situation was traumatic for her .	She said the situation was traumatic for the global leader .	complex_np:her:global leader	6596
The game also gave him new respect for wolves .	The game also gave the key driver new respect for wolves .	complex_np:him:key driver	6598
Hundreds of thousands turned up to greet her .	Hundreds of thousands turned up to greet the international master .	complex_np:her:international master	6601
Molly calmed the baby and put him back to sleep .	Molly calmed the baby and put the nationalist leader back to sleep .	complex_np:him:nationalist leader	6602
I am just saying I never got to know him .	I am just saying I never got to know the longtime partner .	complex_np:him:longtime partner	6604
Her remains were found at 50 Irvine Drive in Margate on November 12 .	The 1-year-old daughter remains were found at 50 Irvine Drive in Margate on November 12 .	complex_np:her:1-year-old daughter	6605
I told him that I would call Warren in the morning .	I told the respected member that I would call Warren in the morning .	complex_np:him:respected member	6607
Do you want to talk to him ?	Do you want to talk to the five-year-old daughter ?	complex_np:him:five-year-old daughter	6609
That was clear to him now .	That was clear to the Shiite extremist now .	complex_np:him:Shiite extremist	6610
She was prim and respectful , and he did not like her .	She was prim and respectful , and he did not like the current leader .	complex_np:her:current leader	6612
There , Taliban officials handed the hostages over to him .	There , Taliban officials handed the hostages over to the British brewer .	complex_np:him:British brewer	6613
A judge sentenced him to supervised probation .	A judge sentenced the executive member to supervised probation .	complex_np:him:executive member	6614
Years on , the strain would also take its toll on him .	Years on , the strain would also take its toll on the drunken driver .	complex_np:him:drunken driver	6616
That is what 's so sad about him .	That is what 's so sad about the true leader .	complex_np:him:true leader	6618
Didcot magistrates gave him a 180-day suspended sentence .	Didcot magistrates gave the Pakistani leader a 180-day suspended sentence .	complex_np:him:Pakistani leader	6620
His subsequent diagnosis is a particular and bitter irony to him .	His subsequent diagnosis is a particular and bitter irony to the black lawyer .	complex_np:him:black lawyer	6621
So I showed him .	So I showed the first-time offender .	complex_np:him:first-time offender	6623
You want to say anything to her ?	You want to say anything to the devoted mother ?	complex_np:her:devoted mother	6624
I love him and my marriage .	I love the spiritual leader and my marriage .	complex_np:him:spiritual leader	6625
It is a wonder the camera operator does not smack him .	It is a wonder the camera operator does not smack the alto saxophonist .	complex_np:him:alto saxophonist	6626
I hope you are compassionate with her .	I hope you are compassionate with the ailing father .	complex_np:her:ailing father	6627
Except that no one has seen him for 10 days .	Except that no one has seen the private lawyer for 10 days .	complex_np:him:private lawyer	6630
But he is confident that pitchers cannot suppress him .	But he is confident that pitchers cannot suppress the Soviet leader .	complex_np:him:Soviet leader	6631
CNN and NBC were among the organizations that settled with him .	CNN and NBC were among the organizations that settled with the interim leader .	complex_np:him:interim leader	6633
I have not seen him play so well for some time .	I have not seen the Democratic challenger play so well for some time .	complex_np:him:Democratic challenger	6634
But the military presentations left her stunned .	But the military presentations left the video player stunned .	complex_np:her:video player	6637
And then it hit him .	And then it hit the 42-year-old mother .	complex_np:him:42-year-old mother	6638
I have not heard him say different things to different groups .	I have not heard the major provider say different things to different groups .	complex_np:him:major provider	6639
They went in there and they targeted him .	They went in there and they targeted the longtime partner .	complex_np:him:longtime partner	6643
I used to hate him for it .	I used to hate the close adviser for it .	complex_np:him:close adviser	6646
We wish him a well deserved , long and happy retirement .	We wish the loving mother a well deserved , long and happy retirement .	complex_np:him:loving mother	6647
We invited her in for tea .	We invited the environmental engineer in for tea .	complex_np:her:environmental engineer	6648
Pakistan especially worries her .	Pakistan especially worries the Italian designer .	complex_np:her:Italian designer	6650
We are lucky to get him for SPAMALOT .	We are lucky to get the staunch supporter for SPAMALOT .	complex_np:him:staunch supporter	6653
Efforts to resuscitate him failed .	Efforts to resuscitate the British designer failed .	complex_np:him:British designer	6654
They tied him in the legs .	They tied the professional wrestler in the legs .	complex_np:him:professional wrestler	6655
" " Put him on the phone .	" " Put the presidential adviser on the phone .	complex_np:him:presidential adviser	6656
The jury acquitted him on nine other charges .	The jury acquitted the other driver on nine other charges .	complex_np:him:other driver	6657
Righties would crawl through ground glass to beat her .	Righties would crawl through ground glass to beat the 19-year-old daughter .	complex_np:her:19-year-old daughter	6658
It is a gamble for him .	It is a gamble for the video player .	complex_np:him:video player	6659
We are not just playing for him .	We are not just playing for the eldest daughter .	complex_np:him:eldest daughter	6660
He stopped telling people when they asked him why .	He stopped telling people when they asked the legal adviser why .	complex_np:him:legal adviser	6661
At least on Saturday , she caught her .	At least on Saturday , she caught the clear leader .	complex_np:her:clear leader	6662
Then it hit her : Joe White 's daughter .	Then it hit the Republican activist : Joe White 's daughter .	complex_np:her:Republican activist	6663
His parents bought him a secondhand one for $ 4 .	His parents bought the 33-year-old mother a secondhand one for $ 4 .	complex_np:him:33-year-old mother	6665
PRESIDENT BUSH : It is up to her to tell you .	PRESIDENT BUSH : It is up to the British lender to tell you .	complex_np:her:British lender	6667
His mother jumped after him and was also killed .	His mother jumped after the senior commander and was also killed .	complex_np:him:senior commander	6668
Give him lots of love and encouragement .	Give the vicious killer lots of love and encouragement .	complex_np:him:vicious killer	6669
A shipping container strengthened with bulletproof glass will take her through Karachi .	A shipping container strengthened with bulletproof glass will take the top leader through Karachi .	complex_np:her:top leader	6670
In fact , I am going to go ask him .	In fact , I am going to go ask the military leader .	complex_np:him:military leader	6677
It is a deeper ache that pains her .	It is a deeper ache that pains the militant leader .	complex_np:her:militant leader	6679
She reportedly wrote that Madeleine 's " excessive activity " exhausted her .	She reportedly wrote that Madeleine 's " excessive activity " exhausted the chief designer .	complex_np:her:chief designer	6680
I did not have any problems with him .	I did not have any problems with the musical partner .	complex_np:him:musical partner	6681
